what's up guys today has been completely
opposite of what I thought it was going
to be I flew into I'm in LA right now I
flew in for AMI flew into Los Angeles
today I had all this stuff that I was so
excited to share with you guys and it
turns out I couldn't blog it I just
couldn't vlog it so I called Britney I'm
sitting and I'm calling I'm freaking out
I'm like I'm no vlog today so Britney
filmed a bit so she really is
responsible for saving today I don't
think I would have hardly anything
without her so we're gonna jump to Ohio
I have some excellent huge news about
the skydiving onset of the livestream
I'm super excited to you guys about and
we worked it out here in LA and uh we'll
get to that let's jump to Ohio real
quick check on Brittany and Kane and big
props Brit for saving the day
hope you guys are feeling great let's
get this vlog started it's gonna be
strange it's gonna be Brit and we're
going to bounce back here I'm gonna tell
you all the good news about the
livestream hey guys am I making you
dizzy is a whoa do you remember this
morning when daddy left you you were
crying
you remember you cried he said bye and
you cried this looks so fun I had to get
it is Caleb gonna join in on this game
with you yep five hours later
the ball is blown up no oh you have to
kick it okay I think it's time to wear
these dogs out flash you ready he
literally just woke up
the serious question do you wanna make
some bombs with me some bath bombs yeah
are you trying to get that helm and Zeus
your silly okay so I saw this really
cool idea to make your homemade bath
bombs and then you put these little
there like these little well I'll just
show you okay I figured I would share it
for the vlog so if you guys at home want
to do like a family time by making these
or make them for your kids or make them
for yourself or whatever
what you need is cupcake pans which I
figure to do minis and regulars citric
acid which I know there's some recipes
that don't use citric acid but the one
that I have does and then you also need
baking soda epson salt cornstarch cream
of tartar coconut oil oils so all the
dry ingredients in a bowl whoa
half a cup of cornstarch oh that's a
half a cup right I'm about a half a cup
how important sir 1/2 a cup of Epsom
salt 1 cup baking soda
well 1 cup of baking soda 4 tablespoons
of this
we're getting messy in the kitchen cane
stir stir stir stir stir there you go
yeah
okay so we're making ours in the mini
cupcake pans whoa totally just dropped
you guys we're making ours and them in
the mini cupcake cake pans so all you do
is pour it in there and then you have to
like pack it down really tight and I
guess you just let it sit
there's Kane's first bath bomb here's
mommy's first math wall okay guys I hope
you enjoyed my part of the vlog be
vlogging for the day I don't ever feel
like I'm that great at it so but I try
and I get it out I get the camera out
for you guys and Romans gone and show
you what we do for the day while Roman
is out doing meetings and all kinds of
everything that he's doing and I will
keep vlogging while Romans out of town
when he leaves on trips and stuff like
that I'll keep vlogging I just want to
make sure you guys like it and yeah we
are going to I'm gonna go feed Kane get
him back then ready for bed and I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
still got my cast on and use this little
coffee maker for a tripod honey
forgot my tripod it's not that I'm bad
it needs a tripod welcome back to LA I
am super super excited been crunching on
this you guys know this livestream
Saturday which is if you're watching
this when I uploaded tomorrow is my
skydive Brittany and I are skydiving now
the whole idea here was that we do it
live we were gonna do it live with our
phones live got me you guys know I talk
about all the time and then everything
went crazy and they said it was gonna be
about forty to forty five thousand
dollars to film it and I and you guys
said don't do it this is crazy it's not
worth it and I agree with you guys it's
absolutely insane we have been crunching
numbers I flew to LA we worked on this
stuff today plus a whole bunch of other
stuff here's what it boils down to you
guys hear me out
a couple days ago I got very serious
with you guys and I shared all of this
with you I talked about the budget I
talked about forty to forty five
thousand dollars to livestream I shared
with you guys
that I don't normally share and that is
what it cost to do certain things in the
business I'm in it's very expensive
people charge a lot I'm gonna try to
make this short and entertaining for you
guys I um I already knew it was
expensive I told you guys on Twitter
days and days before they said it was
gonna be 40 ground that there's gonna be
about $20,000 and here's the thing we
got it back down to about $20,000 it's
actually a little more right now 225
understand we're trying to get a hair
lower twenty-five thousand dollars to
live share now the only reason I'm
sharing this with you guys is because it
is a part of my life and what I do
although it is a ton of money this is
more money I used to work full-time in a
factory all year for twenty five
thousand dollars a year so I fully
understand what this is and this is
insane this is crazy but that's what it
costs it is what it costs it's ten
thousand dollars alone just to turn us
they're turning guys they're turning for
us for you they're going to shift an
entire satellite point it at our dive
location we're gonna have full Wi-Fi
like t3 Wi-Fi it's very expensive and I
would not be sharing this with you guys
if I didn't try to convince you that
this is really what it costs and I
really really want to do it
entertainment is expensive and I'm doing
it for us it is going to be once in a
lifetime we're going to do live show not
only that they're telling me this time
we have multiple cameras like live you
guys are going to be watching a skydive
live Saturday
different camera angles so it's gonna go
from britney's face jumping out of this
plane to my face to the ground to that
like all this fancy stuff I know this is
a lot of stuff we will also be vlogging
the entire thing but if you want to
watch it first join me live watch it
live with a Saturday we are going to
jump we're going to jump at 3:00 p.m.
Eastern that's 12 o'clock if you're in
California 3:00 p.m. Eastern is
supposedly the jump time I'm guessing
all I'm guessing I'll start live
streaming much before that maybe 2 p.m.
even 1 p.m. I'm gonna do a long live
stream probably hours I'll be on there
as another bonus and to help everybody
out this is a big group effort guys this
doesn't happen without you guys this is
huge if you download live dot me I put
the link in the top of the description
this is where I will be live if you
download it if you already have
downloaded it go to your app go to the
promo section and type in smile more
click it they're gonna send you ten
percent off to the smile more store
anything you want ten percent off your
entire order so that's one bonus it's
one big thing it's going to help all of
this happen so please if you if you want
ten percent off and you want to watch
put it in there if you already have the
app it'll also apply to you there may be
a little delay maybe there too or
something for them to get you that code
but you will get an email with a 10% off
code to the smile more source thank you
guys so much let's freakin do this I am
so excited guys I know it costs a ton
but it's what it costs there's a reason
there's no reason nobody does this stuff
and that is because it is hard to do
it's expensive and we are gonna do it
man I'm telling you guys it's gonna be
worth it's gonna be so fun and this is
what makes us stand out this is what
makes us stand out as a group we do
crazy things we do big things we do
stupid things that all being said guys
get excited let's make this fun let's
make it worth every single penny let's
have some fun with it grab some snacks
hang out get some friends together get
your parents together let's jump live
Saturday 3:00 p.m. Eastern if you're
gonna watch it hit that thumbs up button
tell me in the comments just make it fun
man somebody's calling me we never do
this guy's we never just sit and talk
like I never just stop for a minute and
just talk to you like at my outros I do
but like normally I had such a fun day
planned I was like we're going to LA I'm
getting there early gonna have some what
dude completely opposite of that it was
completely obviously I was sitting in
this meeting and I'm like I'm texting
Brett's like you got a vlog today you
got to get the camera out and play with
kanan like you've got to vlog today so
whatever she sent me I haven't seen
obviously it's been in the bar but I
haven't seen it yet I hope you guys are
feeling great man I hope you're doing
good keep pushing forward I can't stress
this enough
use my channel used me as an example of
motivation guys there was never in a
billion years somebody came to me and
said one day you're gonna spend $25,000
just to jump out of a plane for viewers
I would have slapped the face I would
have never believed it ever but what I
can say is I never stop trying to do
things and never stop pushing for it I
never stopped evolving as a person I
never stopped becoming the better person
I never I never went backwards I've
always tried to be better man if you
look at where my YouTube started
dude I was rough my content was bad it
was it was it was foul it was it was
I've changed as a person and people tell
me I've changed and is truly for the
better man I truly love Who I am now and
I work every day so that tomorrow I'm
even better than I am today so I
encourage you guys to do the same thing
don't go backwards become the better
version of who you are right now it is
very important so anyway guys I hope
you've enjoyed whatever this vlog is it
really is the announcement for the live
stream let's do this guys download the
link it's the top of my description
right now click it download the app
let's have some fun let's set a record
and like lit what do we do last time 1.3
million people let's do 2 I know this is
probably impossible but I think I'm like
I feel like we can hit 2 million live I
don't know maybe I love you guys so much
man I am right out of LA I'm here for
less than 24 hours I'm flying out by the
time you see this I'm already back in
Ohio that is how crazy this is I love
you you're beautiful don't stop that's
your that's - that's your two words
today don't stop I love you guys man
your beautiful smile more your mouth as
so much baby shove a bigger spoon
can't put no oh I don't right now okay
real quick the objects just a swallow
and just swallow it first person that's
it first put in this wallet I think you
sign yo you do I know 903 - what
