hey I love you so much
have fun I'll be right back okay okay
yeah love you I'll be right back okay
have some fun later yeah it's a
beautiful day in the neighborhood a
beautiful day in the neighborhood
welcome to the vlog guys we are headed
up it is day three with my calf and we
were supposed to see a specialist within
those three days the specialist cannot
in the end until the 16th of September
right so between the tour schedule their
schedule they can't get him until the
16th so basically the hospital wants me
to come back and check on my hand since
I can't see the specialist
what's going on what's happening oh well
it's ringing out baby
we got father time in front of us now
we're moving we're moving we'll get
there patients maybe patients so yeah
we're headed to the hospital gonna check
out my hand do a checkup hopefully no
big deal we continue with our day we
have special guests coming in today and
ironically what's the odds of this our
special guest has the exactcast
on his hand he won with the purple I
don't know anybody with a broken arm but
he does great and here we are back to
the emergency back at it again with the
ER hope you guys are having an awesome
day man I'm hoping this just goes smooth
and there's you know everything's
working the way it's supposed to be
working at least to get an answer or
something
just kidding we're walking back out okay
here's something really crazy that I
didn't know this cast is meant to be
taken on and off I can take it on and
freaking off I'm so dumb I didn't know
this stuff peels off she literally just
peel it off she's like yo you can take
it on and off things have changed since
I broke my last bones walking around
with it broken anyways so it's like
until you see a specialist they just put
a bandaid on it and say oh my gosh so
here's where we're at a couple reasons I
had to come in today one is I've only
had pain in this part of my
and because I broke that part of my hand
but since I've got this cast on I've had
sharp pain all down my hand and even in
my wrist she straight up was like well
that's because it's probably too tight
you need to take it off and rewrap and
I'm like what take it off take it off
she's like yeah you can you can take it
off get in the shower and just rewrap it
and I'm like what yeah that's huge that
is huge good news and I was like wait
this stuff kind of wears out can I get
different colors for tour I can wrap it
every night in you mean have someone
else wrap it yeah I know it's gonna be
tricky
I'm pretty good at it oh yeah I mean me
with you yeah especially where do I get
this stuff I want to bite you here at
the hospital and she was like we'll go
to like a tractor supply and get what
they wrap horses and they have all kinds
of colors whoo let's go there yeah this
is ridiculous man so once again I'm Way
far from knowing what I have to do with
my hand because I won't be able to do it
until after you're up ah and I'm
skydiving with this cast lets it look at
least get a bright color so they can see
you coming see me for skydiving see you
coming through the sky yeah LED casts
LED cast cast with LEDs built into him
wait so are we decided that we're going
good I mean we are no matter what well I
never thought I'd be coming here to buy
a horse wrap wrap for Horace isn't even
have a horse they should I'm just so
excited to know I can think it's often
take a nice shot gonna take an hour
shower our opposite of a power shower
horse leashes leads collars oh you know
these for you and nothing on them oh you
know what I'm looking for oh these like
them nice helmets but that's like
exactly what they put on my hand that's
awesome Oh candy oh we're buying all
this stuff who would have thought having
a broken hand would be so fun those and
then cane really wanted me to get pink I
have to do a pink one so this all
started because I was like wait on tour
I can have a different color cast each
nice so this is why this is kind of
coming in for tour because I leave
Tuesday for tour oh no I want to make
sure you have enough for tour though to
change it every day
I think these are cool for tour people
buy this for personal use which reminded
me I really need to go buy something
when I think about what we just did it's
ridiculous like it's silly
there's our greeters sup dude you
ordered pizza not pizza okay guess what
they said I can take it off and rewrap
it in different colors and let me help
you find smash bros geez want to take it
off here unwrap it
Jack my mommy suit dr. Caine listen I'm
sticky huh ah never been so excited to
take a shower in my life I see the light
Caine I see and feel a light so don't
have this soft stuff now if we rip it I
rip it I'll take care of it
oh my god my hand feels so weird
really I feels awful it's like stiff as
a board
can't move how yeah we should have
bought that stuff I can get something
serious before we go on my hand feels
terrible like terrible
it's like stiff like it's still in the
cast and it doesn't want to move like it
feels awful uncomfortable just think why
would you smell it why would you smell
it don't they said it's removable I can
take it on and off yeah but it kind of
feels terrible look at my hand dude
that's why it feels weird like that
that's why I had no feeling in my thumb
it stinks my hand stinks I'm not gonna
lie after three days Jane I got this for
you
cuz you said I should have got pink
alright this is the hard part of the
cast this is actually molded to my hand
so I can just put it back in here and
rewrap it it's freaking genius actually
and I just absolutely can't wait to
shower so I'm gonna do that I can't move
my hand like my hand is stiff as a board
feels awkward it's uncomfortable okay
that felt amazing but we got to get back
in the cast I'm gonna get so spoiled so
fast not wearing it look at this no cast
look at Croesus the litter ball the
stuff the only thing I didn't get was
that soft stuff that goes on the inside
of my and you see the redness on my
probably not that's what hurts the most
just my wrist bone being in the cast
that's what hurts the most
mmm dinner
so wait for a guest to arrive they
should be here in another hour two hours
maybe they're coming in from I don't
let's put it quite a drive
yeah North Carolina so I'm gonna wrap
this wrap this up this is like foo C's
car West West Coast Kasim's Holy Ghost
fold so fast not having that on have to
put the cash back off I got my ball my
lady wrapping me up this is a cool color
King so into it no uh this is good color
choice yeah alright I'm all casted up
what you think about the gas yeah we
think looks like foo C's car you know
what I don't like my color better what
are you doing here I just loved it I was
thinking of a cool intro for you all day
that's what it is that's what the intro
ended up is Cass I want it I want to I'm
just going to copy you verses here - I
was just like if Rowan broke is cor how
many days after okay so you guys know
this happened while I was in Canada yes
happened when I was in Toronto I come a
visit see you everybody laughs not me
hurt my hand a couple days later boom I
know and what did you do I'm sure your
stories way cooler by story in I don't
I guess it's it is stupid it is stupid I
was on my truck I just installed a new
cover and I was so satisfied of like you
know what this is great gonna jump off
my truck jumped off and then I lost my
balance and then I myself with my hand
apparently that's what you're supposed
to do is most humble and roll and
everything like that you're not a
gymnast I am NOT a gymnast I am a clown
so me and B are both broken now his in
Canada free health care dude free we
walked in you're like oh it's you know I
got the upgraded version for 90 bucks
so for 90 bucks fully waterproof he can
swim he can shower everything that's
right Canada you know he writes how they
make their matter I walk in with a
broken on like teaching
I wreck it up name I got into the
hospital he was there few hours
$5,000 of course okay I'm really happy
where I live health care here is way
different than I'm doing here so um I
switch colors I can switch colors though
I do I like that you want me to color
yet I don't want you to cut you sure I
would like that very cool so Pete and
his fiancee are here and we have nothing
to do now usually if you were gonna make
a trip like this it would be like all
right we got it all on paper what we're
gonna do we're gonna have fun we're
gonna do this but it's just a dude 2 on
the way home
yeah they were they were staying with
tourists this week and on their way home
they stopped here and last time you were
here is because you had diarrhea
specific Boise I'm so sick I was just
sleeping upstairs yeah last time you
hear you optimal sleep
you were only you were only asleep so
it's good time not gonna be much more
exciting yeah you get there should be
actually we gotta think of something fun
to do we gotta think us left hand
challenge we have to think of like a job
we don't ask there you go let's first
I'm straight yeah that's what yeah Pete
was so excited to come out here and see
smile more because they got they got
their own March to and yeah you guys do
like real similar all the shelves yeah
we do you do it's it's so cool to see it
though it's just so cool to see you
don't really make a business out of
youtube and it's so cool to have you
know this for me I love this message
another positive message I love it yeah
I love it I love it
so it's excited to come out here we
actually have matching that's right but
I just I just I know okay another one
arm challenge that's a what I'm sure do
that you're we're gonna break that thing
in half trying to get on your hand get
off okay okay
is it real real tight it's kind of tight
it's it's it'll stretch I don't think
that's comfortable you're gonna you're
gonna lose blood in there okay that's
right mom or tank is doing pretty good
guys we have lost some of our favorite
fish though have yeah we've been losing
a lot of fishes in you got a top hottest
time we take it fit like Fisher like
dogs don't eat forever like as much food
as you put in they'll just eat the eels
doing great but for some reason the fish
have been really sick Todd has been like
living out here treating fish and trying
to make them better we still have a lot
of them um it just sucks when you lose
fish and look at this guy
my clown triggers still rolling he's
getting bigger so you guys got free
healthcare but we do not have free merch
so I don't know what you're planning on
we have we have Canadian dollars could
you dollar hey hey hey
we were leave it we were trying to get
little like them little shopping carts
yeah Russ store yeah see you guys could
like go around and nobody this is chaos
you're crazy
hmm all right dude
what are you up to oh yeah well you're
gonna film without even telling me yeah
I'm just gonna have a little tickle
water is it it can't let me just ask you
this
can I smell it right now can I smell
something no it doesn't smell bad so you
won't get it you won't get you probably
just smell my like little juice here
okay all this okay if he says he has a
challenge for us this is all we need
this is all we need so don't make me
throw up you want don't make my promise
you won't go I promise you yeah this is
nice camera holy cow dude it overheated
for the first time it hot no I promise
you as a seller I don't
ah he's not telling me at Oh at this
alright alright so what's gonna follow
so what's gonna happen here is you're
gonna take a teaspoon of this and I'm
gonna take 2 spoon of this and it's like
a cinema check-in really and I'm reading
what it is that's okay you don't know
how that is it is not bad I promise you
it's not bad just just trust me it's not
bad look I'm a smaller mom I don't put
on the floor the dog will lick it up
would I lie to you I wouldn't lie to you
I'm Canadian
I don't like it so on three this is your
warning oh don't you choke boys you know
you won't choke and Robin such a baby
listen I know I'm just trusting you yes
your mouth does so much maybe you should
have a bigger spoon I can't put no oh I
don't right now okay real quick the
objects just a swallow and just a
swallow first person that's it first put
in this one would you sign your do I
know my three - what
why are you doing it burning it hot what
is that how about 100 come on let's get
it let's warhead ah when I swallow it
why what ice won't let me sit oh honey
are you coming it's just so solid it
tastes like what's on the outside of a
warhead yep in powder form it's what
they put in sour candies it's just a raw
ingredient yeah so now who's what is
this I'm so nervous I swallow that as my
gut it's just gonna die no it's not
about it's just like you have a little
hook in mouth ha ha he says yeah no I
was like going I'm going for tears
outside okay so what is it guys it's
called malic acid malic acid is it for
making candy dude yeah totally this is
what they must throw it's like sour
candy yes does it make it still taste it
right - it's a go away my god it's like
what's my stomach going I don't know -
my chest is on fire it's so bad
you put weird things in your body I
don't your acclimated I forgot to tell
you that's not all that's in here dude
I'm scared huh know what make this video
really good is it Britney Melissa did it
half a spoon ah awesome
I'm so sick dude I'm really sick I'm not
being a baby on the camera on purpose
like I'm really sick
I'm gonna throw up for sure honey oh
okay you just let me know when you throw
up second Phil it wasn't gonna come out
like rainbow colors so you filled out
that you also did did you get sick no
what the we need to do this did you
get sick we need to do a side by side of
your face from now versus the baby food
challenge final frankly what are the
action when I came in so don't make me
throw up you want Potomac Thomas my
first question if you kiss facebook like
that one yes am I sick oh I didn't think
it would make you sick I had no idea I
don't know if I'm done either like my
stomach hurt
oh maybe milk you need to eat something
bad I think does another teaspoon I was
like a watch on joke a way I didn't know
I don't mean it
just pick one little dab do you like I
don't want the whole what even nothing
right you gotta do it you gotta do it
tiny drop you have to know I don't know
sour my mom is like a waterfall SIA I
just got so sick so sick Zeus is trying
to eat iconic Dubai but I can't go see
you guys are heading out soon yeah looks
like at me you know plans change
shake I care if that stone was at your
house I got sick is Britney put cat food
on my spoon ah to be a never-ending turn
oh I have this I have the weakest gut
yeah I have noticed that now yeah yeah
so this could be really easy next time
we do a video final one okay all right
Pete yeah I got the challenge for you
yeah you have to snort a line of that
what you have to snort it no way no way
that can't be good for what are you you
just made me throw I didn't show you
guys I was out there I just did it again
I just got so sick I'm not telling you
to snort a line of I'm just saying snort
it
I had I had a you get so fuzzy did
a sriracha he did I made a lot of
sriracha taco sauce hot sauce only if
you all subscribe to me hahaha you all
subscribe to me I'll do it
there you go I'll leave this in I'm keep
I'm gonna raw raw vlog it do want me to
make the line you said you said that my
figured no no you got to make a little
pile look a little pile oh man there's
gonna be amazing
what is this a straw Oh Haitian is I'm
not doing look what happens so no was
how much okay oh yeah yeah that's fine
that's fine I stuff it you know we're
just gonna kill me no how much is that
what's gonna reduce your brain I just
threw up everything I ate all day for
that little stunt so you know do
something a little a little rough what's
there this is premium malic acid it is
component going to it what do they do
it's completely harmless it's made to
make candies with and and actually what
fruit drinks they put it in apple juice
and stuff so it's it's it's not bad for
you it's just really sour like the most
sour thing I've ever put in my mouth in
my entire life
was right there
it's a Malik lime there's a bad it uh
hurts homes
this gives over the sink cover this
thing Donita Zeus it hurts so much
oh no your nose is bleeding oh I thought
if you can okay deals do you forget to
go subscribe to feed
that's part of the deal oh oh oh we got
a fantastic tank out I'm gonna go ahead
and say this nobody by malic acid don't
do any of this done some dumb let's blog
just one zero to DOM I did dogs but that
don't happen
Oh Annie that was yeah my dogs so
worried about you so you okay appreciate
that Zeus don't do that man you're
awesome Wow my house even know it taste
it you liked it it was good it's good
and tiny like one little thing one
little yeah like one little dodge taste
good like it tastes like Canyon but when
you put it all together it's the worst
guys don't do any of that stuff
terrible you like it just tastes like a
warhead or a sour really sour you could
take a Jolly Rancher and then like roll
it in it put water on it and then
oh man be terrible I suddenly don't feel
so bad about what I did you took it you
took it home oh man that's such a bad do
ever again nobody ever solicited to you
again I've got to take your child truth
we're done we're done to a child well
the one you want and you won't do one on
that was no more challenges over
challenges alright guys that is
ridiculous I'm apologize now for any
sensitive viewers sensitive stomachs out
there like myself that was disgusting
everything I actually I actually thought
it was I don't know what I should put in
the vlog but then I realized everything
we do is just for fun guys to give you
guys a laugh so if it made you laugh
then that's all I was trying to do man
it's all for fun don't take it too
serious it's just being goofy and people
love fails people love when it's not
them so I figured what we just did is
exactly that you get the laugh at our
expense I think that's that's fair
that's fun that's a big part of these
vlogs so hope you guys are having a
great day I am going to end it really
soon I had to run out real fast when I
go home probably end it with the fam and
that's really if doing some really big
tomorrow I want to give it up but I'm
leaving at 4:00 in the morning for this
and I guess you'll just have to see what
it is
get my dog I get my dog huh ah what's up
you slacker where were you huh
all right guys getting settled and set
up you and I don't have the little hole
on my camera I can't film with my cast
cuz I can't rotate my arms so I'm always
it's always awkward to hold I'm gonna
say goodbye to everybody Kane still
playing his games I just can't thank you
guys enough for coming over man
really really
and it's been really brick can you show
them the way out I'm kidding eyes always
open to have you guys good man hey
really great great great how far you
drive from here three four hours oh it's
not bad and you guys are gonna spend the
night sleep good buddy
sleep good
I brought my brought like deadbolt
brought your own like safe door we are
gonna say good bye guys I'm getting up
at 4 a.m. for some more you guys will
know soon enough but we love you thanks
for putting up with this vlog if you
made it through all of that any one of
them thumbs up man we'd love to see the
support on this it was almost to the
point where I wasn't sure if I'm even
gonna put it in the vlog up until right
now I still don't know but I'm sure if
you saw it you know what I'm talking
about love you guys so much we'll see
you tomorrow
beautiful you're one of a kind smile I
haven't seen Britney this excited for
such a long time like she is in heaven
right now she is having so much fun what
do you think yeah mom
