guys welcome to the hog hey dude you
ready yeah hey you ready go I got juice
you're ready ready good purse yeah
thanks dude shoe service I love it
okay how do I explain today is probably
the worst day that this could have
fallen on like fall Don is that right
fell on so how do I explain today let me
explain this to you so we actually let
me go outside and show you first
this garage gone crazy okay let me
explain to you guys exactly what's going
on right now a lot of you remember last
month maybe I bought a new dirt bike and
it's in here we just gotta wait a second
one second okay I bought a new dirt bike
a Honda 150f but if you watch this
channel you know originally I bought a
150 R and I had to give it back now
here's the thing if you guys know Honda
Honda does not let you return something
even if it came broke that's right I had
to take it back it would not run and it
turns out that there was a problem there
it was like a dirty carburetor whatnot I
don't want to give Honda a bad name I
love Honda but in order not to lose any
of my money the only thing they let me
do was trade it in so today we're going
to pick up something that we traded the
R in on that'll make sense it made sense
right it's all good you don't lose money
but you spend a little more I spend more
money it's like the perfect scenario for
them there's another thing you wish you
won't even write this you could that
should be our mission today you got to
drive this No
yeah training wheels I won't write that
we should get big training wheels see ya
today should be a lot of fun but I'm
limited this sock we're still rocking we
still rolling give me five huh I'm
starting to scab gross you scabies
scabies are you ready ready already
already already one big thing before we
get there listen very closely this
Saturday September 3rd at a Saturday
right yeah percent this Saturday
September 3rd Brittany and I will be
skydiving guys it is finally here it is
costing me a to Hanuman
a ton of money you see me posted on
Twitter everyone was just like oh my god
like I can't believe you're spinning
that just the livestream just to have
the Wi-Fi capabilities during a skydive
it's $10,000 $10,000 now maybe that's
going to shift a little maybe it's less
maybe it's more but that's like the
rough cost they were like this is what
it's going to cost we are doing it we
are live-streaming it if you don't watch
it on livestream we will still be
vlogging the whole thing with the blog
will go up Sunday so if you want to
watch it live watch Saturday go live dot
me download my link on the top of the
description of this video come watch us
live Saturday it's gonna be around noon
Timmy Rock noon Eastern Time Saturday we
are finally skydiving are you sighted no
you don't want to do it I'm not going
you're doing it I'm gonna be so sick
that you're doing it
I'm actually excited about it Brittany's
terrified of it and I mean it's okay to
- I'll make is turning just I'm
trying to vlog with this cracked up
rested it's like I can't turn it I gotta
prove today to jump with the cast no
problem they said absolutely you're all
good so somewhere Saturday in the United
States up in the sky Brittany and I will
be falling live let's do this little man
let's do it
I like they even greet us at the door
now it's right bring the money bring the
money I guess I did man cast it up
I owe my best thing wait this is it holy
crap dude this thing is a beast has like
truck wheels this thing is as big as a
truck climb up here came
we think this is gonna be our driveway
plow and sled Poland winter machine
right here man
what'd you think it's awesome hmm yeah
that's pretty sweet
dude so we we basically had to order
everything in today's the day
everything's here and it's pickup day so
here it is broken arm and all now these
guys have fun yeah
this thing is ridiculous dude look at
the back end she's gone she's never
coming back
it's huge
summer is almost over which means it's
gonna start getting cold and once we get
snow this is going to be the biggest
used toy at our house you can't get
stuck in that this is all the same stuff
you already feel now this is gonna be
for you titled I need a stamp I look
house signing over there honey it's the
word right here yeah uh-huh
are we gonna have some fun we gotta have
some serious fun my boy is sleepy like
sleeping I don't know how I'm glad I'm
really not doing it like honestly I
don't have the experience to put this
giant quad in the bed of this truck
especially the trucks so high off the
ground this is way out of my
is the truck so hard that's gonna help
that'll make it lower that's good you
think he's gonna do it he's gonna be out
there he's good this is way lower better
our house it's gonna be high I have to
find a spot that's unlevel like that
it's just barely wide enough it's like
the exact width holy oh yeah
mmm if the camera actually does justice
to the size of this quad it's gigantic
mission accomplished dude you pull that
out of there
you know huge shout out to all the guys
over here I know you watch these vlogs
so thank you for everything and thank
you for making this right and taking
care of us of throwing in so many extras
like the snow plow and the big wheels in
this sick helmet cane they gave you that
helmet is that amazing and they gave
Molly a helmet she picks out like 300
some dollar helmet and then like we
thought we were buying these helmets and
then they were like not we're giving you
these so thank you guys it's amazing
yeah that's when you get bigger can
daddy take you skydiving yeah definitely
that's my boy he just said next time we
go not this time but next time but he'll
go nice again would you jump out of a
plane eNOS I don't know she's got your
little bigger huh hey dude what up man
yeah my boys now you just get straight
this is our idea this is our idea to get
this thing out go straight go straight
pretty much a genius right look at that
hmm yeah you're good uh-huh hey God hey
huh all right just roll out just roll
out nice first things first snow balls
got to go
Bing when it snows you're gonna plow it
for us oh yeah I will say having this
cast is like wearing a thick hoodie that
you can't take off it is so
uncomfortably hot in this bone it sits
right there on your wrist is like
smashed in the cast so all night last
night I was waking up and you can't move
it so it's just like the most
uncomfortable weird feeling it's like I
just thought nothing you can do about it
like it I'd wake up I got finally fall
asleep I wake up all my fingers would be
numb it was like it's like a nightmare
mom I think tonight's gonna be better
though my hands getting used to it I
think that the swelling insides down a
little bit I feel a lot better today
with it a new way to wear off the dogs
they just chase and chase we may never
see Brittany again uh-huh
I haven't seen Brittany this excited for
such a long time like she is in heaven
right now she is having so much fun what
do you think yeah mom don't even ask
just don't ask are you done with your
sneezes I think I just sneezed like oh
my gosh
whew so obviously some time has passed
and let me explain what's happened to my
like today was awesome today was a good
day we had a great day we got to new
quad it's just everything was going so
good and everything's still good but I
want to I want to bring you into a part
of my life that I never ever bring you
into and that is the details of doing
some of the things that I do I'm not
going to read it all but earlier in the
vlog I said I talked to you guys about
how expensive skydiving was for the
livestream and that we were doing it
this Saturday and I get this text and I
spent all my night texting and on phone
calls so that leaves us to where we're
at right now
I can email it if you'd like but the
ballpark is between forty and forty five
thousand dollars to do the skydive
Saturday forty to forty-five thousand
dollars to skydive be honest does that
make any sense to anybody right like I
knew it was expensive honest honestly
they said the live stream is going to be
about ten thousand dollars to beam
livestream high enough to skydive I get
it it's very expensive three days ago I
tweeted ten thousand dollars to
livestream six thousand for a film crew
4,200 for a custom smile more parachute
we jump on the third so even three days
ago I knew it was going to be ten
sixteen twenty twenty thousand dollars
to skydive like I knew twenty thousand
was again a huge number and then tonight
out of the blue they say between 40 and
45 so here's what I'm asking you guys is
it worth it I honestly like even at 20
is like
so 40 doubling that I just I don't know
like here's the thing here's the vlog it
is the cool yeah exactly here's the cool
thing
I can vlog it and cost nothing most
skydiving places would love to just have
us like they will film it they'll help
us out we can skydive for nothing like I
can give you guys the most amazing blog
just skydiving like that's that was the
original deal it's like a gallon of snot
this is this is why I never talked to
you guys about this kind of stuff
because in this business that I'm in
we're in there's a lot of money in a lot
of things like it's when you get to a
certain size people just charge you
whatever because they know that you need
to do it they're gonna charge you I
don't know how to explain it but it's a
pain in the butt
I'm gonna end you guys with this I know
the vlog is not that exciting today we
got a quad it was fun for us but as far
as our evening goes I didn't film
anything like with the kids and hanging
out it was just me on frigging phone
calls which is part of my job but it
cost me on the vlog so forgive me please
uh give me any like just I want to read
like just to get through my head if
everybody's like just do it just do it
just do it I'm gonna do it that's who I
am
but if everyone's like dude this is
crazy don't do that that's more than
most people make in a year
um yeah that's probably make me not do
it cuz it's true and I get it yeah so it
is crazy it is bizarre but these are
kind of the things that I do and
sometimes it costs money for you guys to
be like holy crap how did he do that
they're very expensive things so just
another thing I hope you enjoyed me
bringing you into this part of my life
because I never share this way I never
share budgets and costs and money with
you guys it's a whole nother per my life
so we love you guys we will see you
tomorrow one way or another we have
special guests coming tomorrow very
special guests which I'm excited about
still don't know what we're doing so if
you want to comment ideas maybe
challenge videos because we don't have a
ton of time maybe something we can do we
haven't done a challenge for a while so
that's me cuz
big fun and if anybody's watching up to
this point I would love to see a thumbs
up and a little love because I know it's
just not your typical vlog and also if
you like these like real talk real life
talks let us know I mean this is
something I'd like to watch in the
future myself like remember that time we
were considering spending $20,000 on
skydive and then they said it's gonna be
40 and I've already promised everyone
we're gonna livestream that's see that's
that's the part that I'm freaking out
about because I already told you guys it
would be twenty thousand and now I've
already hyped it I've already told you
guys now they're like oh it's 40 so
that's where I'm like something's not
right something's not adding up love you
guys we are you know I'm just talking so
much in my nose my sinus is my head's
about the pop you look sleepy and yet
fear out how to editing I had to edit so
love you guys
beautiful you're one of a kind tell me
everything that you just heard in the
comments let it out tell me what you
think and we'll see you tomorrow
beautiful smama well I didn't realize I
would be in a cast past my elbow that is
terrible I was thinking this is gonna be
so easy man so guys some time has passed
and uh I'm gonna cast like legit
