tangent agenda are you ready to do this
you sure you're gonna get wet I'm ready
if you're ready let's do it yeah but we
got the sunshine baby it's hot how
everybody doing hope you guys are
feeling great hope you're thinking good
staying positive kicking negative in the
butt start the vlog let me see here let
me see here I think you just feel a
water little man bend it ah you got it
there you go
almost ready hold up what oh no we're
just pumped what the whole thing is blew
open literally whole thing right there
big old hole Zeus you're gonna try to
slide on it this is gonna make it slick
dude watch out Zeus oh yeah I'm assuming
everybody's back in school or close to
it I hope you had a great summer hope
you used it wisely man I always say time
just goes so fast it's hard to even
grass it's hard to even it's hard to
even use it wisely because by the time
you're thinking by time you're thinking
I need to do something summers already
up so it's crazy
oh you gotta go further each time you do
it's gonna get slicker you're gonna go
further and further you're probably
going out in the grass soon oh oh hi pal
hey baby girl was she doing getting keen
goggles pink ones too
I love it they remind so they're a
little smaller but their policy you mean
small though his face is tiny that's
what I mean uh-huh
we got this little slip and slide you
getting in dude it's hose water it's
ice-cold
all right goggle boy hope you guys are
having an awesome day man I know it's
Sunday for us right now it's Monday for
you if you watch when I upload it I just
want to say something out trying to
offend a lot of people I just want to be
real with you guys I uh I truly believe
there's a lack of family activities
happening in our world right now we have
families and we just don't appreciate
we have and how great we have it's well
I'm asking you guys I'm gonna tell you
something right now this is where it
starts right here and I'm extremely
guilty of this thing set it down for
just a little bit of time spin that time
with whoever it is your brother maybe
it's your sister maybe it's your mom
maybe your dad maybe it's the whole
family playing a board game get a board
game out we'll play as a family there's
such a lack hi just do something fun
together it could be so small it can be
a $10 slip and slide it can be uh it can
be a tickle fight
give me a tickle fest ha as long as
you're doing it together man it means so
much and it's just we need it we need it
in this world more than ever right now
join forces with your family man that's
that's your best friends it's everything
I'm just saying this from my heart man i
want to see you guys grow as a family
don't forget who's important in your
life that number one number one number
one number one i got a lot of number
ones you're my number one don't okay
okay hey you're my number one buddy
don't tell Noah my number one Billy
don't all the kids all right we're gonna
switch it up a little bit heavier over
to my brother's house we got Owen here
with us and we are gonna do a challenge
video you ready I'm gonna show you what
it is I'm just gonna want to eat it I'm
gonna give you a big hint has to do with
a big watermelon and a lot of grease no
thanks I'm very scared seatbelts all
right so here's the idea watermelon and
vasiliy I think Vaseline worse I've
never done this before but you think
this thing floats or sinks floats or
sinks what happens what you think it's
neutrally buoyant that means it doesn't
float or sink it sits perfectly in the
middle yeah I think that does a
watermelon float or sink sink oh here we
go go hop in take it with you let go and
it floats
it's a floater
all right bring it back up here okay so
how's this work you just cover it in
that I guess I've never done it I don't
know what your mom said to cover it in
Vaseline but what's the goal like what
you have to get it into a certain
location so you have to grab this but
it's hard because it's greasy
if you grab it and take it to a location
okay so it's like a battle battle royale
you know challenge me miiverse you can
you carry it I got one in I can all I
got one one one can you get day while
you're cooking up the good stuff oh my
god I got you what are the strips I just
got it it's just ribbon I'm cutting it
to make it cook faster nice sort of like
a like a place you have to get it you
fill that bucket up with water so you
have to dunk it in the way I like that
okay hey you guys want to take the rafts
out of the pool that's the goal that's
what you have to get it I love it yeah
now there's our goal I love it you can
even get it right in the water line
hey mom and dad's here
I did it man we got a real Sunday Funday
now hey guys thanks come off the deal -
we're just great red Mamba whoa we're
just about to grease up a watermelon
nice I'm gonna play you think oh yeah
you literally just scoop it out and
we're just gonna smear it all over this
watermelon oh he's going to do there you
go watermelon prevention Vaseline
actually make it slick though oh yeah
it's a mystery in the water I think I
think that's good
how much chef time on it don't rub it on
your skin you'll never get it off that
crap don't come off in the water
no it's dry towel toss it overboard I'm
gonna I'm gonna attempt to at least film
one round without my waterproof camera
so we have good audio so I'm gonna try
to stay back a little
kept on this everybody on the steps it's
playing oh my god come on look at my
told you you're doing it right now try
to go across go go go oh man this is
gonna feel it's a blood man count it's
all the way at the bottom it's so flat
it's like maybe cuz you have a bad
infection but she's round 2 ready set go
go go go it's watermelon warfare oh oh
oh it's gone boys gone he's lost it Oh
we just lost the last bit of sunshine
we're about to lose now it's time to
feast look at that hi thanks Jess thanks
Brit what do you mean really you're
stopping she's on the stretch mm-hmm
busted guilty I'm going through the mud
in my favorite pickup truck going
through the mud cake and we're off that
was so fun man that was fun fun day got
to handle mom and dad too which was a
bonus I didn't even expect to see him
today watch
that skeleton face
alright guys warping over to the
driver's seat I'm pretty nervous about
tomorrow tomorrow is the day that I go
and find out if they rewrite my hand or
put in a cast put it in a splint
whatever it is they're going to fix it
tomorrow which I'm pretty I'm nervous
about it for one I don't know how much
I'm going to be able to do with a hand
that's in a cast I saw on tour in less
than a week and I'm just nervous about
it like it's completely normal I think
to be a little scared of what's going to
happen with my hand I am gonna fight
like straight up
what's the longevity if I just leave it
the way it is and I let it heal so I'm
gonna go with all options obviously
there is a big chance it's going to be
putting a cast or even just a splint
which I heard the splints are terrible
and awkward second thing I want to tell
you guys really quickly is that my kids
Noah and keen listen closely both my
kids do not have YouTube channels both
my kids do not have Instagram they don't
have twitter they don't have Facebook my
kids have no social media please
understand that when you see these
accounts when you see these YouTube
channels these fake gaming channels
these are all fake channels these are
all fake social media don't fall for
them some of them are very obvious some
of them look really legit so my kids do
not have social media don't fall for it
does not exist it is all don't fall for
it just don't fall for it I prom I
probably should address this a long time
ago I just never thought it would get
this out of control I never thought
people would pretend to be my kids so
please understand my kids do not along
with my dog
zoos and flash do not have social
I promise you that if Noah came flash
Zeus anybody had social media you would
hear it first from me on the plugs guys
if it's not on the vlogs it's just not
official I promise you so please don't
fall for it um it's not really a big
deal I don't care if you follow these
accounts but please now they are not my
children they are not my dogs they are
not me there's a million fake accounts
for all of us and that not a million but
there's a lot and it just started to get
really carried away so I want to address
it now to you guys on the vlog on the
actual vlog so please if any of them
make accounts I promise you I will tell
you first
hey your wild hyenas let's go come on
nope this way come on out of control
these dogs are literally getting out of
control z how much energy they have when
we're gone they sleep and then when we
get home it's cray so just say cray it's
cray what hey hey what does flash got
into your nail stuff yes oh that looks
like chocolate wrappers honey are you
sure flash did it hmm I don't know
there's the flash do there's that mommy
all right guys we are gonna end our
night I know I'm cutting a little short
but I've been hitting you with long
vlogs I see it in the comments please
make shorter vlogs and I always make
them long because that's what I like to
do I like well I thought he was eating
that blue shoe it's a blue ball so we're
gonna end the vlog guys we are getting
up early we have a big day tomorrow
including getting my hand fixed
hopefully and uh no talking about your
green shirt cuz everyone's big what you
got green smell no shirts this is an
employee shirt yeah so every single
person that works for us now has their
own merch that has their names on only
their their past 90 days oh it's a perk
yeah dark shirt I didn't know that I'm
still waiting for mine I I don't work
there yet
mr. that's alright co-owner s fine
that's a good title guys we love you
wish me luck on my hands Amol actually
I've probably literally getting it done
as you're watching this vlog there's a
good chance around that time so we film
it we're gonna film it we're gonna film
something but you're gonna be out I'm
gonna be filming you out they said okay
okay oh oh it's gonna be great for you
guys this said that I'll go to sleep but
it's like that um it's where you talk
funny and make yeah really I'll be
sedated like a lie so excited so the
vlog could be absolutely insane guys
well yes tweet me questions to ask we
are gonna end it there we will see you
tomorrow
thanks for everything we love you you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
wanna get Timmy flash no paper towels
paper give me the paper give me that
paper
our Seavers bathtub
