hey turn on the bathtub why just do it
turn it on you put a back bomb in it I
think we can make the world's greatest
bubble maker right now this is the
bubble machine yeah this is it just to
drive a boat this is to make bubbles guy
oh man
go bar was it
hey honey all right we need bubble bath
bubble bath drop bubble bath in it while
we're driving
I dropped it behind a propeller
seriously yeah yeah Betty you give it
throttle mommy will dump bubble bath
our Seavers bathtub oh my gosh
I'm glad you smooth it flew out of the
bathtub dude are we done now I'm just
getting started
all right why is it smoking it's just
the water on hot metal does stink
it does smell like electric welcome back
guys welcome to the vlogs welcome back
to our home in Ohio this is the place
where we typically we do things that
most people just don't do for many
reasons thank you right now for the two
days off-camera we had the most
wonderful off-camera time as a family we
hung out we played games we watched
movies we ate junk it was fun so thank
you thank you thank you for being so
understanding let me get a couple days
off we are back all new vlog start right
now
ohio vlogs home vlogs the fun family
vlogs all start right now kemp sirs get
up sirs long as he keeps the ball in his
mouth there's no TKOs get him get him
alright guys so the next part of this
vlog Brittany and I are gonna run over
to my brothers how's that feel it's so
hot up my brother always comes up with
cool things to do I don't know if I can
participate in this one because of my
hand which is you think of me even think
about me
if you guys followed the tour vlogs then
you know I broken this hand actually I
got a boxer's fracture which goes down
my pinky right here it really limits me
on what I can do right now it's very
sore it hurts and Monday I'm supposed to
go and man this is crazy my knuckles all
the way down here it's not see this one
mine's gone really dumb really dumb so I
am limited on things that I can do and
when they Ribery limited on what I can
do so I'm trying to make the best of it
I don't think I can participate and what
Dale's doing right now but we're gonna
go over have some fun Burnie I'll be
able to do it I can't believe you won't
be able to do it I mean I might be able
to just might come with consequences no
all right guys we're showing up at my
brother's only he could come up with
this idea even for me this idea is a
little crazy what's up bruh what's
happening so Dale's got drunken goggles
these are goggles you put on it makes
you feel like or have the vision of
being drunk Britney brought weights to
make your arms having to throw
apparently you wrap them around your
elbows to offset the weight of your arm
okay don't it help you make sure I know
right she just shows up with the weight
he's like a dick is that hard to walk oh
my god whoa
they look like ski goggles no they mess
you up
Wow
you made it look good know what that
would look like drunk ah so this is
alright I'm getting the feel for it I
think I'm really putting it together
you're not even on the line it's over
here if anybody doesn't understand
what's going on right now these are
goggles that you put on and they make
you feel impaired and make you feel they
completely mess with your vision and
make you disoriented they make you I
mean Dale can barely even walk a
straight line at all alright your left
foots on it
he's getting into the Sun I tell you
about a tightrope mm tightrope
Oh easy great you want to try you gotta
definitely stand up on the line first
you get to this watching watching Dale
do it I was like it can't be that bad
and then I put them on you cannot walk
it throws your balance completely off
that's all part of the goggles not bad
headshot headshot I saw the last three
now all right without goggles do ya he
heard it come by I'm on the paper we're
up here I am on the paper that's yeah
look you know my hands are so sweaty
here you had that popcorn - that's no
face all right in the nose and then we
got another head all right four out of
five I can redeem myself all right here
we go hot goggles on got goggles on
I swear oh my gosh oh man there's two of
you
this is Dale trying to shoot with his
goggles on
there's no Atari it's just blurry white
figures all right you see anything all
right
so let's do this Hey same spot almost
every shot is the first love yeah they
all drunk shot one head hit whoo oh
there's an ear no let's go that's a
chest a chest is better than off the
paper though and a shoulder we got a
shoulder really low we got our along and
along just remember shoot sober or get
pulled over
so freaking all right Brett whenever
you're ready I hope you didn't beat me
one you killed one well no she killed
multiples but one headshot got shot that
night it's definitely dead
here's a really bad example of what
you'll be seeing oh man you can barely
see how it does for hmm hi baby should
be able to hear - yes sit Bret kill them
paper guys is that a bald eagle - just
drop us all treat your dad
that's all squirrel go down in the air
one of those was up there pretty high he
hit - you hate them guys all right now
wind your video going up this is for
tomorrow this is for Dale's channel I'm
not gonna steal all his glory but I did
from day on Brit really funny I
unfortunately have a screwed-up hand so
I'm sitting out on this one but uh it'll
be up to by the time this walks up yeah
it'll be awesome if as if it couldn't
get any dumber it's just got dumber
you've got inverted so everything now
becomes upside down oh hold on let me
get your eyes dude what the hell right
well that was interesting and pretty
good it's currently 99 degrees of course
the trucks not moving set up it may go
down a little bit but it's the humidity
you guys know the humidity is rough it's
not dry heat here very wet full of
complainers folks hope you guys are
having an awesome day warping back home
gonna grab my man Noah and we are going
to well
let's just continue the walk I hope
you're feeling great we're blasting the
AC in here since fry lab we're locked
out of our own house this is like house
hey boy fine we scare you guys
gee you turn around you're like looking
she's like looking inside knock knock
hey Oh soos is finding some leftovers
soos what do you got
what is that oh dude hair hey you want
to run in town with me real quick huh
huh six hours away so quick drive six
hours we'll be back by Monday morning
but nah Monday night here we go wake up
I'm up here in videogame land you need
to see the real outdoors see the
sunshine for God's sakes clean up your
room starting to look like a real boy up
here no always has the cleanest rooms
what's going on with you huh you losing
your mind I'll be right back
they don't like women kiss on camera Oh
spaghetti oh it went into the dungeon
game the point of no return and that's
my arm tada
you ready one two three
Oh laughs ah hey dude
he's like yo what up what's up and I'm
like yo get off my couch why are you on
my couch huh huh why on my couch
come on come on let me write that I love
you
get off my couch poor car gets driven
like once on a month yeah go to the
carwash
hey yeah I like your thinking
quarter Tom need lots of quarters get at
least spread the dust off we're not
gonna really wash wash it we'll get the
dust spread off it's a mess working this
guy says this place sucks lost another
dollar are you gonna get your quarters
how much is this one dollar five dollars
would
it's hard to see on camera but this
thing is so dirty
everything gets really fun when you got
kids willing like this is fun to watch
afar it's fun so let Noah do it get all
the wax whoo guys I'm going to use this
minute to say thank you again for a
couple days off of vlogging it was
really really nice even though we vlog
everyday we do do different things for
the vlogs and when we take days off it's
really like one on one playing video
games watching movies you know hanging
out really personally versus on camera
there's a lot of times when like hang on
I got to grab the camera and like holds
things up so it is a little different
and it's sometimes sometimes as a dad as
a father as a family man we need those
days just reset and that's really what
that was all about we really reset and
after one day two days we're just ready
to come back like we miss you guys were
ready to go like we got energy we're
ready to create something fun we're
ready to go out do things and not that
we're doing anything exciting she's
soaked
she's so no dryer yep we're gonna have
to dry it manually long story short my
key in my brand new dirt bike got left
on and even with the trickle charge and
even with the charging it's dead I mean
it's gone I didn't tell you I just told
you right now okay so running in real
quick get my dirt bike back in line you
get in the battery I guess I don't know
I don't know Bogdan you know Dom I am I
left my key on that dirt bike yeah the
battery's dead like instantly what keep
on the new dirt buy your new one yeah
you love thing the one that you have the
electric star yeah and then I'm like why
wouldn't they put a kickstart backup
okay
Kickstarter my can't key start of
nothing so mission complete one hundred
and seventeen dollars later
that's an expensive mistake man when you
leave a key on it cost you about a
hundred twenty bucks every time you do
it so be careful with your batteries I
know a lot you guys are gonna be like
just recharge it no I did that I don't
know why it's just it when it's dead its
okay so when I smashed my police car
with the monster truck I told you guys
that it was going to go and sit out
front of my uncle's auto shop while it's
still there and I told you guys if you
showed up you could sign it so we're
going to see it right now to see how
many people have signed it and stopped
by and looked at this thing oh man I see
it oh man oh I almost forgot
how many people have stopped and signed
this thing it's pretty much covered
completely in signatures Wow
you should sign it you should put no
down there yeah awesome
there it is man that's what's left of
the cop car sitting out in front of my
uncle's shop straight-line Otto thank
you guys so much for coming and signing
it and just checking it out I know you
guys sent me tons of pictures on Twitter
of you guys with the car and it's just
it was just the whole thing was a fun
experience not just for me my family but
you guys as well it's just a fun thing
to do so next the skydiver it's a
twister tie down the ropes hey Zeus all
right what I expect to find you hey dude
yeah it's about the storm out and it
feels amazing ah he was like not trying
to hold down a stick of dynamite all
right mr. bike rack boy
yeah batter I'm gonna charge this baby
up cook it up get thick get the dirt
biker on it again man just want to be
free man I just want to hop on and be
free enough just take off wait
kidnapping us from
the deals maybe the storm disappeared
completely disappeared not even a drop
of water it's gone
there you have it when that light turns
green what a business where are these
bike racks coming from me I know why you
thought I out of nowhere
sobbing you had one too I looked over
there and there's two as well take the
old battery out Moses come on boy come
on
and the bike is back and it's running
good it does not feel that good on my
hand though so I'm kind of been taking
my time going slow just playing with the
kids we're having a good time man we're
having a great time it's gonna be a race
to the death ladies and gentlemen who's
ready to take off not actually looks
that's my helmet
do we need to upgrade you as a baby bike
on you the 50s are fun this is a 50 and
it is a blast you just hit a whole bunch
of 50s and you fit the races like 50s
only all right
be back by Monday so something really
cool Traxxas sent me was this ball
tennis ball that hooks on the back of
the RC truck so we can hook it on and
then Zeus has to chase the ball you
excited here's the thing they sent me
two of them I put them on this table
like this without ever showing Zeus at
all he got one and ripped it to pieces
like it didn't last five minutes so I'm
trying to preserve that one until we're
ready we'll move this truck and build a
track yeah you started for me can you
start it for me it's over the last
couple days we have been home with a
seat over the last couple days we have
been building our seat tracks in the
driveway and we've all been racing it's
been so much fun these kids are getting
good with our C's thank you whoa no more
that means it's already started
how we gonna build this one we gotta set
up the cones basically what we do is we
grab all these old cones that we've had
forever and we basically design some
type of path and then we all race two
guys it's just a dad driving our seats
with his kids but to me it's me driving
our C's with my kids it's like one of
the greatest feelings I can't explain
it's like something that I grew up doing
and having so much fun with now my kids
are getting to the age where they can
compete with me it's actually kind of
scary
hey let's use all the cones we've never
done that trying to design an RC track
we need your help
he knows expertise what about a straight
line and we'll start with a circle so
this is something we've been doing now
guys we have been racing each other and
the kids are good but believe it or not
they're good knows reckless it's cold
it's the sticky tea
you guys nuts nuts like come fast okay
where you going you guys are crazy
mister bike rack how'd you even do that
they're maniacs me yes Oh already
flipping cane around alright just push
it just push it
hey do you want to swim for a while
uncle Dale's oh no I want to show this
so you guys know you guys sent us a lot
of cool gifts this one really stood out
I had to show it look at that
Pizza spatula when we bacon Pete what
are these cold weather with this smile
or pup
thanks for the paddle guys thanks for
the you can get me a pizza yeah look at
this no it's all wood all wood grill set
we're gonna hang this in the kitchen in
a smile more store and this I don't know
what to do with it I don't we're not
gonna cook with it we're gonna hang it
hmm because I like it like a decoration
yeah you guys won this woman yeah yeah
it went from 90 plus to chilly up a
little sleepyhead
did you get a nap oh don't drag me down
don't you know if I lay down that's the
secret guys stay moving how many times I
tell you I can't sit I can't sit if I
sit that's it game over
sit down you turn on that TV it's that's
it
but you get into what mud come here he
knows I can't leave he's letting you
wash up me and Noah's dragon mommy is
coming dunt dunt you bailing on her
after she waiting in the back for you
warping over to dales playground he has
done such a good job since I've been on
tour he's got the entire deck ville all
this concrete done this crazy what you
guys seen in one of the vlogs that he
sent me is this crazy rope contraption
now I just got to convince him tell me
how awesome this he's got the perfect
deck right here to do a water slide off
and into the pool ready little man
that's really nice you to put in this
pulldown welcome I'm just glad that we
get to enjoy it you know I fear what's
gonna happen when you put in a pool if I
win
if ready when you are see ya
he's gonna be straight snorkeling this
year dad I taught myself to do a dive in
this shallow
Oh that's safe you dive in the bathtub
do all right now I'm gonna try to make
it to you
I gotta land on the raft this has never
been done before
oh man you had that one more potential
thing to hurt my hand hey I'm dodging
pain pretty dark let's see it
Daredevils see ya
it's surfer time surfing nice I've been
playing to her so I'm all red look at my
face dude look at my face
remember that game we used to play where
we would make the same face together do
you remember that game like straight
face what's a happy face look like
what's a sad face look like
I've seen that big change not in here
don't look where's the boys yes lay down
this was Heath into your bed do
something about it just don't even care
oh gosh run game run you better go get
in your bed guys that is our vlog
welcome back to our daily lives we I
truly missed you guys it was a great two
days off I'm not gonna lie I enjoyed it
very much but we're back baby
thanks for coming if you are one of the
people that supported my little leave
give me a thumbs up say something the
comments man let me know who you are you
wanna say bye the other boo you bud yeah
bye love you guys thanks for hanging out
today we will see you tomorrow you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more Oh
