okay so I just got up my friend Emily's
birthday is in seven days and she's like
one of those people that talk everyday
like tells everybody how close her
birthday is so I gave her a little early
birthday present last night so good
morning hey Lonni Brittany oh my gosh
she's gonna be mad isn't she she might
be popular one you're sniffing it add
that and that's because you wouldn't
face any last times like you know what
you're not answering your phone I'm
gonna do yours too okay some of you may
think I'm really mean but there's
actually birthday present hiding in
there what are you boys doing huh what
are you boys doing are you stretching oh
my daddy comes one today did you know
that did you know like who flashy pooped
in your bed oh just kidding it's fake
she doesn't see it she doesn't even see
it definitely do you know how we
redecorated the place okay so since
she's late today and I thought she'd be
here early we're just gonna add more
make it a little worse this is a before
I think we should do the whole floor
any Sun so this goes all the way up the
wall to her seven days gift card so I'm
not that mean it's my petite okay she's
here we made it work not those boxes
right you guys wasted all those posted
oh no we're gonna recycle them
you have to stack them in a nice pile
you can I thought somebody cuz I texted
this morning hey let me know when you're
on your way and she's like why thought
she said why how long did this take you
oh I was like she's not gonna clean
these up she's never gonna know really
no actually caleb is the one that
started it and then I started helping
him and I was like Calder I'm gonna like
should i film this and he's like you can
film a reaction in the morning I was
like perfect
I'm so ready to be home no monster out
there I see you I'm sitting oh man oh
man it's real I thought maybe for a
second the whole thing was a gag is it
I'm simply pain take me home when we get
home anything that you want to do okay
are you God are you here looking like
 what guys welcome back to Ohio I
am a home I got my man right here dude I
miss you so much so much like yeah I
know Brittany actually told me that Kane
wasn't coming
he wasn't yeah that's why I was a little
I was a little late oh you're perfect
guys always know when I'm ready to get
home I don't even vlog I just put clips
and music and just skip through we're
going to get Noah we go get Noah yeah
I can have this on things Bob might be
too shy
my missed you so much buddy you have no
idea I was going crazy without you home
now go play with me when we get home you
know who else I missed mommy
are you done saying mom I mean you don't
say mommy just mom now you growing up on
me
am I still daddy yeah my buddy what's up
you sit in the back with you Hey
hey Zeus are you still mad he's not mad
at me now he's not mad at me my gosh no
to baby bears living with us you go go
out no much cuz my boys get over here
Caine Oh missed you so so so so much man
oh I see you flash I see you oh dinos in
class miss me is easy easy get over here
get over here mmm
can we just hug all day all of us we be
the hug the hug fam today no guys I am
home in my home in my house with my
beautiful boys we're eatin little
brownie sandwiches we're building Legos
exactly what I want to think I like the
good old days I want to sit I want to
hang out Britney thanks for the amazing
sandwiches right now man I'll tell you
all right I'm gonna be honest I miss the
the like Lego Lego days I know ax and I
went through a serious Lego time
remember we built like the castles and
all the Star Wars planes and actually at
the top
his old bed nothing Belling Legos tons
of awesome sets tons album if you would
have superglued him Kane could even play
I don't glue Lego
she's like the the closet the kragle the
glue what is that crackle crackle I
don't glue Legos Brittany does glue
Legos now there's been times where both
of us are on the right and both of us on
the wrong there's been times where Lego
goes down boom nothing breaks she's like
see mmm but then I'm like I want that
piece for something else and you can't
get it and before I could even get to
step 22 I've lost both my kids video
games you guys leaving me for video
games your kids it yep Noah's super
excited because while I was gone his
computer took a dump a big dump on the
floor didn't it just a big old mess long
story short his computer is fixed and
he's playing it for the first time since
I've been on tour oh my gosh oh I know
me and now I have played this in the
vlogs before but we could seriously make
a whole gaming video on this because it
is so it's such a physic name like
however you wrecked that car it just
trashes it if you want to see me Noah
and Kane we could all three make a fun
video out of this so tell me in the
comments if you want us to make a game
video that'd be fun not let's see it I
love this car
won't be fun unless you go full speed
faster
oh man this is gonna be bad this is
gonna be bad Oh
driveshaft broken radiator most shows
you everything it's broke you miss your
car nut tree we know all right let's see
it gainers let's see it buddy
just steer with that one yeah oh not
looking good buddy watch Brett watch
this is this crazy Hey good instantly
that's a whale tail on that thing
oh this is gonna be so bad nobody's got
the Worman huh oh you don't know there's
one minute but I think one hold of me no
worm not try by it right there like see
hmm the good circle so apparently we
have apples this year we've never had
apples ever and our tree back there has
apples most of them have big worm holes
but that one's good this is coming as
little bites your dad trim it and take
care of it and pick it and we know
apples apple juice apple sauce apple
fruit roll-ups
how's a good face again there is so much
to catch up on even though I've only
been gone like two weeks or something
it's just things happen so fast they
sure do
what's going on huh what happened mr.
daddy have some repairs Oh
number one what do you mean number one
oh dang who did it
so apparently while I was gone some of
the kids around the house got ahold of
my are season really I mean this isn't
like you bumped into something this is
like you took full advantage look at the
sprite look at the shock I mean they can
be fixed but it's just it's kind of a
bummer and Cain's trucks broke cane did
you break your truck you didn't break
this one either
there's new items in the store there's
all night crew and you're working now
let's check it out
trash so we have a lot of heart Wow well
unfortunately we've lost some good fish
while I was gone
you may it's the life of fish man fish
are tough fish are really hard to keep
and we lost our big angel my trigger
still here uh the eel is still here
there he is we need to name this guy if
you name them they die that's true oh
yeah these are currently as we're
filming this not on the website guys
this is for you right now and we've been
holding off on this for many reasons one
we have not been caught up here at the
store we are way behind until recently
we're just starting to get caught up to
we've kind of missed our window on this
but we're still gonna put them up right
now for you guys by the time this vlog
is up they are all up are we putting
those up too yeah okay so usually we
have a new product that goes up on the
site and I show you guys tonight we have
a whole bunch of new stuff very excited
about it here we go we've got some
school supplies these are all folders
like you use at school
normal folders smile more doubt super
excite we got the new black smile more
hats everybody's been waiting on um
flatten the front snap in the back well
will will will hold your right there you
obviously know we already have pins but
we are adding pencils all the smile more
pencils and then we've got these giant
magnets these are magnets they're not
stickers they stick to metal dude
they're for cars
they're strong enough to stick to a car
really certain thickness to be able to
see if carving it
that is a car Carmen taking on your
fridge they can go on anything metal
really you like that one and then we got
notebooks no box so like I said they're
on the website right now literally as
you're watching this Britney has
probably just posted it all so it is
fresh get it while we have it as always
we have a limited run of all of this
stuff and once it's gone you didn't
order much it's such a new product I
guess I just wanted to see yeah and we
kind of like as business owners we kind
of missed the whole back-to-school stuff
so that's how you know we're not a
professional company right there we
totally missed back-to-school so this is
what we have for school for fun plus
magnets and hats
yeah that's a huge day for the small
more store that's a lot of products
going up so thank you guys
I know and you I want to do it I want to
do it this is not part I'm sure everyone
at smile Moore's gonna kill me but I
wasn't even gonna show this we're still
two to three days behind that's nothing
that's we're not Amazon Baby we did it
wait by doing this we're gonna be two
weeks behind again well we'll find out
so you guys know cuz we'll sell out
really fast okay here's the deal we have
one one backpack one smile more backpack
and and we're not even selling these
these aren't for sale
this is a sample this is a sample that
came to us and the reason I didn't order
them is because they can't get this logo
any bigger and I want it to fill out
this whole area so this is a sample that
we're not even selling one order from
today is getting this backpack we're
gonna throw it in your order so that
it's up for grabs that's what's going to
happen if you place the order this may
be in your order this guy that's a fifty
dollar book bag 50 bucks if you don't
have a pair it's free it's really free
I mean it's a really nice bag is what
I'm saying is
and if um oh yeah we're not gonna
contact you it'll just show up at your
house yeah cool
that's the deal for today boom smile
more backpack with your new school
supplies we get some zebras and monkeys
and giraffes in our yard can we get a
giraffe guys as I always say in advance
thank you for supporting you're not just
supporting the smile more story you're
supporting how many employees do we have
now total high nine that's not including
me yeah nine so ten including Britney
you are Michael Jordan 96 your your um
your supporting so many people my family
you're also supporting a massive
movement and that is positivity when you
wear smile more I'm telling you when
people buy smile more I never get more
emails of people being like I've never
had a compliment on a t-shirt in my life
when I wear this t-shirt I get
compliments thank you guys thanks for
being a part of this man it's a huge
huge movement you guys no untoward you
guys give us a lot of stuff I mean boxes
and boxes stuff and it always gets
shipped to me however I did bring a
couple things home for you guys hey pick
this out of a bag because I thought you
would really like this it's a pull back
too oh that's from a fan body that's not
even from me somebody brought that just
for you but I saw it and I said Kane has
to have that now
you look like you'd be playing golf or
something mm-hmm you like your magnet
you guys obviously know we collect
magnets everywhere we go usually lately
I haven't even bought them because you
guys bring them every single city I'm at
you bring them but these are the ones
that I at least brought home I can never
say this but I can blow my nose
those are tissues I think you got a
friend there you got a friend in me I
just sit here just comes in flava Cana
is cool dude I knew you would love that
car well this aquarium is doing
unbelievable the glass is dirty but the
corals all the fish are still alive so
healthy this is a reef tank maybe this
is hmm
got my clownfish Brittney's feeding
right now everything's gonna come out oh
the starfish is coming out look at this
so awesome man he's gonna come up on
that glass a bit this tank is really
alive everything's alive and everything
comes out when you feed - he's legit
awesome like that is an awesome shrimp
right there he's her I've just thrown
him back think you just fell in your
roll yeah all right I'm getting it out
oh yeah watch him a little better
boo-boo oh it is tongue it quick no sous
obviously I've skipped a lot of this
evening I came home I've logged as
normal and then I I seriously set my
camera down and I'm just gonna be
completely real with you it felt great
really good I'm happy to be home I I set
the camera down and I just realized that
I haven't vlogged for a while and I just
I don't know it felt right tonight so
thank you guys for understanding thank
you for being here thanks for traveling
on tour with me and obviously coming
home with me you guys mean the world to
us you are everything to us the support
you give us is through the roof from a
smile more store to the family to my my
entire family it's just insane - thank
you guys for everything it's so good to
be home it's so I'm sure you can sense
it I'm happy to be home and I feel so
blessed to be here
um there may be a chance I know I don't
even have to ask you guys there may be a
chance I just don't film tomorrow so
bear with me we will get back to the
regular fun home vlogs who knows what
we're gonna get into flash with the bad
gas need a gas mask any times is like
play so guys let's wrap this up see how
lightning can see that oh my god that's
a bat where are we we're gonna say
goodbye thank you guys we will be back
here at home for the fun home vlogs the
family vlogs the hanging out with
everybody vlogs very soon I love you
thank you in advance bye miss tomorrow
we will see you soon
you are beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more I know what is it
so everyone it's so weird because I
haven't seen it yet but I've already
showed the footage on the vlog it's so
weird
yeah right
