Oh what's it doing welcome to the vlog
guys we are headed to the very fun
pumpkin patch you guys ready
mommy you ready to get some pumpkins
this is the first year I'm like we can
get some pumpkins to carve we can also
get some pumpkins to blow up I was
thinking that great with okay
headed to the pumpkin patch guys hope
you are having an awesome day we're
gonna get a little family time just hang
out walk around pick out some water
stains and uh sounds fun
five ah that's so hard dude ah
there it is dude look at all them
pumpkins ready let's do it all right
this place is pretty awesome we come
here we try to come here every single
year just a fun place to bring the kids
hi how are you
so many pumpkins different sizes like
there's little tiny pumpkins jeez dude
we gotta learn how to do that dude how
do you carve it's not fake yes Hey oh
whatever
this one yeah all right I'll give you
that we got you some tickets all right
we'll go play ah this is awesome guys
this is the best soul though they got
tons of pumpkins we're gonna go play
first they have all these play areas
down here and you take your necks and
you get a smiley face I don't get a
smiley face I
I'll redo it let's go out some fool set
three can't came refused to go down on
the thing I'm gonna get you wanna race
me you think you got what it takes girl
let's go is that fun you're gonna push
me ere you race mommy you race mommy
Eddie give me a push ready set go
oh he's smoking you uh-huh I'll race you
let's go sit dude always wife duh
here comes no has anybody ever
questioned why like being scared of
something you're called a chicken
does anybody know anybody keeping
chicken no seriously why are you called
a chicken if you're scared of something
maybe because they always run away they
seem pretty fearless they don't they
don't seem very chicken do they can nice
sick afro dude it is like Zeus and flash
look at him crazy goats oh I get mama
she's like what are you doing hey baby
thank you look they hatched they hatched
on 9:24 dude this is what the kids need
right here run around play time and this
is what I need right here run around
plate build me one you want one baby
I'll build you one when we get home it's
not gonna look like that it's gonna be
probably something we end up burning oh
yeah
this is the tractor my great-grandpa had
three years really yeah oh this is the
Ford uh 3208 no the one that was built
in 64 I think yeah oh my gosh this is so
awesome
did you fall
can you run in it you have to do a whole
cartwheel let me try maybe able to oh
you don't have to do a flip you can just
roll we could bolt a chair a chair and a
harness imagine like you bought a chair
and a harness to it and then you just
flip that's hilarious
that doesn't even look right
you guys are surfing the big wave oh
he's so happy huh it's funny with the
slick jacket on you to slide are you
brave enough for the enchanted forest
yeah but can you do it without using
ropes try a tightrope don't I think you
can do it he gets a little sway a little
soy dogs don't feel bad I won't be able
to do it either pink tint then did he do
I did mr. suspenseful whoa you remember
this spot spot was that when he was 1 or
2 he was almost 1 there's just walk do
you have the picture so is he one or two
he was almost one cuz he's almost oh he
wasn't even one let's see let's see is
that really sink in is it really alright
Brit just did here's the original cane
was almost 1 years old and then 10 hard
to see but here he is almost 5 years old
that's cool come on you got this dude
you definitely got it oh there it is he
switched it looks awesome you shut the
crew bedroom there's no spiders they're
not big enough to eat you either way I'm
kidding come on no it's fine game come
on you gonna let me know give ourselves
we need our weenie North protector 1
don't then dent this is cool dude it's
like a 4 dude let me get out
hey where's Kane he we he's gone where
is he Wow is pumpkin slash pullin Cain
time I like out of all the wagons you
chose the one you have to hand can't you
want hop out and pick some oh these are
nice dude that is so here's the smallest
pumpkin I've ever seen whoa
three pumpkins sixty-six pounds we are
out of there we had such that's a fun
place dude what a good time what'd you
get dude it's how you know you got kids
when you just got a random slice of
pizza lying on your truck this is what
is that by the way a chocolate sucker
cake pop they can't consign I like it oh
my gosh is it good it was no good so we
got a bunch of pumpkins do little ones
big ones really little ones like the
size of Kane's fingers hey buddies
getting it clean can you get in your cup
you get in your pumpkin clean alright
guys so we are eating a killer lunch
today because we got sponsored by blue
apron and they sent up literally so much
food it is incredible what is it a lemon
oh it smells so good
chef work of chicken I'm sure a lot of
you guys have actually heard of blue
apron before but if you have not they
send you like lunches and dinners and
they come all packed up like a fresh
meal is definitely a fun project
especially for the whole family
smells so good the blue aprons cool
because they deliver all the fresh
ingredients right to your doorstep in
exact proportions so there's no ways
they have um they have two plans it's
like a two-person plan and then they
have like a family plan we're like
everyone in the family can eat super
awesome blue everyone also has a huge
selection of recipes and they're always
adding brand new ones so their menu
grows constantly it's a pear dude oh
I'll take it home on time get in on that
dude flashing ready to eat and each meal
takes about 40 minutes to cook like two
prepares us oh it looks amazing they
also ship to most of the country and
shipping is always free you know the
hardest part is not eating all the food
before it's done cooking
that one you need just the one no no
this one click on the link in the top of
the description the first 300 viewers
will get three meals off of their blue
apron order free miss garlic mm-hmm
what is that what's the what's the
capers capers and garlic and flash oh I
am ready to eat
what up crazies hmm this dogs crazy dude
he's like hunts
he's a hunt like he hunts probably
looking for frogs right now she left it
to the pros for cutting this meat but
man you that Oh Oh hmm so here it is
look at this mmm looks awesome I've
never had pears on a salad so I'm
excited about that big final shout out
to blue apron a big final shout out to
Brittany Smith cooking this up is so
good everyone's gonna say we're just
pretending that it's good it's actually
phenomenal it's really good
highly recommended check it out the
description my mouth flow from so long
so we're gonna eat up get some food on
us and then the kids and even myself
have been dying to really get some time
on Dale's VR and we're thinking tonight
to actually make a gaming video on the
vlog channel of the VR so I'm gonna try
to record some of it he's got the screen
recorder all set up so all I got to do
is go over pretty much filming be fun
right I'm down for that I did in the
grocery store after this after this you
get to do the grocery store all right
guys we're about to play a quick VR game
you're gonna wanna watch this we're
gonna let each person actually only one
at a time in this room it's a surprise
game and it is going to be awesome
you're gonna do it too I would give you
every seven versus almost world I mean
this house is gonna do it okay we're
gonna do it one at a time we're gonna
screen recourse you guys actually get to
watch the game this time and hopefully
we get something good out of this so
here we go let's do whoo let's go first
Dale all right come everybody you know I
don't know if we I hope we even have to
hold the controller like do you have to
hold the controllers it I don't think so
does you have to hold the keyboard okay
we're rolling
ready Dale okay Oh once you push them
you can't let go I gotta hold them down
okay
don't I go if you let go the keys you
lose alright we've started all right so
far they always made it to the flick at
your hands are you doing good
don't let go the keyboard oh my gosh
what's it feel like Dale you got flies
all over you you don't want to be you
don't want to swat them don't swat are
you eyes open yeah door just up move
okay let's plug goes black all right
next player let's go next what are you
scared
okay you'll go next you'll go next ready
all right so once you put your fingers
on these keys don't let up you cannot
let go if you let go you lose the game
on it okay I now you can look around
just don't let go with your fingers you
do not let go if you let go you lose
there must be a cell what it what is
that huh oh man what is that what's that
grabbed a gun hey game over
okay you know what this game's called
it's called don't let go so it's a
survival you have to see how long you
can hold that button down later than
bees don't let go the keys do the bugs
feel weird look at the shoulder you feel
like they're on you is it actually feel
like they're there so I don't think it's
tingling you know the same vein cane was
with the shoulders push me up by your
ears yeah Oh do you want to swallow
that's hilarious
nobody's made it past level two it's
like crawling me what is that that's one
dirty did feel like like he's in the
room with me he's leaving
I think it's level two oh let's scare me
look down look down okay oh look oh he's
getting your piss ha ha ha so sweaty
makes you want to grab tracks yeah it
makes you want to grab it you then let
go oh my gosh that would have got me I
know so lady
cuz when you look back right it all
comes at you deal then
this is gonna be awesome alright should
as you push him it'll start ok here we
go
that's not bad that's that's not bad
looks like you're researching scorpions
out there at the desert oh look at that
little guy I like how you're moving your
fingers like you have like it's not
gonna get you don't let go don't let go
it's only level 1
Oh what's it doing what did it do oh my
gosh did it make noise no it was just
right there bye I gotta try that some
Aryan I gotta try this let me try this
one cold my gosh dude now I'm gonna lose
I can't do this that looks so real ain't
this so much dude I literally can't
stand this oh man I know what its gonna
do I already know what it's gonna do oh
dude this is so awesome it's insane haha
I mean it victory is ours right okay
that was that was just cool
the snake was really scary but
everything else was just cool like I
didn't feel like I had to pull them like
this scorpion was a trick wasn't it I
didn't get me sorry guys the snake had
me in full chills like I was in full
chills we can't carve pumpkins tonight
okay here's the only bad part about VR
here is the worst part about virtual
reality it's just it's just about
impossible to get the kids to leave
Dale's house plus regular games become
boring and so on you guys have fun
tonight okay what you doing down there
boner the pumpkin patch for VR don't
want it ha ha ha cuz I know what you're
gonna say I know because I got to go
with you
honking - it's really hard oh stop it I
know what you thought was far the trust
game yeah no let's play the tickle game
forget the trust game I just want to
tickle you look Angie you look like a
giant green bean right now so warping
into the night it's bedtime it's bedtime
but what to do to me
it was so lucky to have these little
boogers I am the luckiest guy in the
world man have these little boys ah
they're monsters they're so lost in
technology so lost in technology all
right now please know it's bedtime you
know I'm gonna say it in it's time get
in bed
3 2 1
why cause my fingers too short let me
see your fingers too short maybe we can
lengthen it he's getting bed okay let's
go one of the greatest things about my
kids is how why they listen okay let's
go no in bed no one bit Cain let's go
she's guys thanks for hanging out with
us today thank you for being a part of
our family thanks for watcing patch
thanks for doing everything with us
today and just most of all thanks for
helping us get to ten million I see you
guys sharing the vlogs like crazy I our
wishes away I could like reward you for
this I wish there was something I could
do what can I do it ten million guys
look at these things man
what do you think of that flat what do
you think of that can it's another day
at home tell me in the comments today
what should I do for 10 million
subscribers because I truly believe it's
gonna happen and it's gonna happen
pretty soon hey buddy how are you how
are you know what should I do flash will
sit over 10 million so just should I
find you a new home I'm good and I'm
kidding thank you guys for absolutely
everything man we will see it tomorrow
the streak continues every day uploading
we love you your beautiful smile oh ma
you
