welcome to the vlog how are you doing
beautiful you look nice
yeah what's great army green what you
doing little dude
what are you y'all monster truck vlog
actually seen a lot of you guys say
Roman how do you get so many views on
your vlogs well this is it right here
King sits and watches our vlogs a couple
million times per day that's how we get
our views huh Haji you you look evil so
welcome to the vlog guys we are kind of
just getting our day started I really
don't know what we're doing today it's a
little bit of a mystery huh if I were
the king of the forest I feel like I
actually just need to wear you guys out
that's what I need to do is this you
wanna play how you guys wanna play yeah
that's what grabbing the ball means come
on okay you have to watch that blog
700,000 more times okay so we have more
views tomorrow what up I have shoes on
I'll tell you about having two dogs one
really big and one getting big you have
to wear them out big timer they turn
their house into their own wrestling
match so basically I'm gonna ride the
quad and the quad wears them out really
fast otherwise I would drive an RC truck
that really gets into but I'm gonna
cruise around for a minute let's go
crazy let's do it I wonder who did this
flash
go let's go let's go come on oh that was
so much air dude on whoa that's crazy
all right that ought to buy me uh at
least a few hours of tired dogs are you
guys ready yeah ready ready yeah you're
gonna fall asleep we're headed up to do
something right now that I can't even
tell you about Ferrando in one week less
than one week you'll know where we're
going right now
but it's secret so we kind of have to
skip around a little bit
not good for the blog not good for the
vlog this is just not good sometimes we
have to do things off camera there's no
way to get around it will ruin
everything it's not even that big you
know about want you it's a pretty big
deal yeah it is a big deal all right
first thing we got to do is eat because
we're humans and we're always hungry all
the time
Kane said he's starving so it's not all
on me today it's not all on me we got to
feed our boy let's go monster ready
we'll go after mommy hey mom can I push
it push it push it push it
mommy's holding it mommy's all right so
I can probably guess that we ordered way
too much food we're all really hungry we
got in appetizer which we almost never
get not an appetizer sampler it is an
appetizer it's a sampler cheese sticks
avocado spring rolls egg rolls one of
their hot ways chips after we are
friends ham and coral had their baby and
we have not logged them yes we're going
to try to go over there see the baby I'm
so excited to see this kids one of the
cutest kids I've ever seen in my life
Britney has been dying to go see it and
either I've been out of town and Carlos
wound or Carl's out of town and I'm home
so right now we're both home so we're
going to try to hook up after this and
you've got all kinds of fun stuff to do
so Cain and I will probably get into
some things mr. cheese sticker here
mr. cheese dick the Communists acoustic
just chillin with my stick you remember
our first date ever like the first date
we ever had we got up we got a sample
platter and we split it that's all we
got was a simple bottle you weren't even
born yet
oh it is almost officially hoodie
weather which is my favorite time of
year all the trees get beautiful and
colorful and orange and we get to bundle
up I love it
hope you guys loved yesterday's vlog the
drag race between me and my dad was so
much fun and believe me I know it is not
over we're gonna rent a quarter-mile
track next we're actually trying to find
a place now to let us come to a
quarter-mile track and I think that is
going to be a blast too maybe you should
have wore some pants we are gonna head
over to Carl's place they're home
they're ready for us when you'll see
this baby Britt don't get no crazy ideas
oh it's gonna bring my fever back baby
back that baby fever what are you doing
I cannot wait until you're out of this
car seat I don't know if I've ever told
you guys how much I hate car seats you
have kids and once you have kids you
agree with me they're brutal
you remember living in LA at our
apartment smells like water
hey what up Carl's e somebody Oh just
besides like Caine I think you see kids
maybe everything besides game perfect
beautiful man this is Carl and Tam's boy
Zane and he is out out cold it's been
three days do you think you should wake
him up you took my blanket hey buddy
hey buddy you don't have to wake
otherwise they'll stay up on that hits
ooh
oh that's true what's it like dude it
like real unreal right really wait till
they're climbing on your back like this
come on let's check out some cool stuff
game Carl has like the coolest stuff mr.
hit ever
wait are you serious oh my gosh dude
well it actually has a joystick and
everything look how little does it try
to play it yeah it's our deceiving how
small - and here try say
the smallest arcade ever oh my gosh it's
hilarious dude dude I told you that he
would have crazy toys who has this
nobody I don't know anybody with that
what's it like being a mom damn you're a
mom now congratulations awesomely crazy
yeah yeah I see you guys have a baby
baby proof the place I think I've shown
these in the blog before but these are
Carl's micro machine sets and him and I
are the same age so we kind of grew up
on the same toys and micro machines were
awesome dude I don't know how many of
you guys actually had micro machines but
they were so cool like these the army
ones were always my favorite
Jeremy hinted ones of Lights - well yeah
you know like little batteries and
lights I have them but not obviously did
cuz it's like 20 years old yeah look at
those oh these are like Micro Micro
Machines I remember my favorite one I
traded this dude like ten cars for one
car and I was like my first is like
really loving it and then I was like oh
I just give up like ten my cars like
pogs dude multi-ball oh alright it's
been a good solid hour since my last
clip and you're still holding Zane yes I
just said it insane in the membrane wait
how did you feed him it's actually
surprising yeah
look hey he's got a mohawk Kane and Zane
it's like I'm out are you sure we can't
have one he's like nothing still not
like no oh my gosh dude I remember these
days so uh except I was off like filming
some crappy video while Britney was
doing this so we are jumping out of car
hands place we did he got baby huh
that's pretty amazing
he was amazing why you gotta move Oh
y-yeah bubala
I miss him I get on a well-baby now
what does that mean
anyways we are headed to go get my man
Noah I'm so excited to go get Noah and
we're just gonna head home it's already
burn up a lot of time today and yeah
sure stood that rooster whatever I wish
you did oh what's up dude how are you
huh help you out here
Oh knees let's go home
you don't like mommy's new shoes well I
think they're free yeah when I stay news
we are back home and flash did not poop
or feed and or poop I can verify pee
maybe get somewhere hiding I don't know
nothing upstairs I know and as I pop
down here doggy take flash on the rides
is that's exactly what he would do to
him - so back home there was really
nothing going on we we are we burn a lot
of time today it's already late already
cut I heard a bear in the living room
do what happened to this upstairs
Noah what did you do to this upstairs
what did really happen
well Jane and the kids had a little
party last night up here and I think
Kane and I also has a dinosaur suit on
we may have we may have influenced some
bad activity up here
you always know which one is close to
bedtime when Kane is super hyper in the
car he was sleek I know but now it's
bedtime and he's jumpy Jamboree Oh what
you're going down really hurts
what I'll suggest trying it many times
you have to put both your arms straight
up all the way up and then we won't
touch you okay
and you have to see if you can make it I
cannot do that
my brother used to do that to me now
died yeah I knew and every time he would
of course tickle me as hard as it could
me no my brother oh we played that when
we were kids
no I want to try arms straight up
remember can you can't actually touch
him okay all right let's tickle it
let's sing a live oh I want to check a
little silver oh man I'm already
ticklish your little fingers are like
demons
whoa okay I'm good now I'm good hey that
game you try that with your brother your
sister your family members the first
time you do it is terrible you truly
think they're gonna tickle you and it
only works if they actually play
properly because as the tickler it's so
easy to just go in I did not in my vlog
last night so we are its current debt it
is current day right now thank you so
much for watching more of a laid-back
vlog today thank you for helping us get
to 10 million subscribers we are so
close we're climbing climbing climbing
you guys are sharing the vlogs you're
liking the voice you're doing everything
so thank you so much um the street goes
on we are still uploading every single
day I think this is like 20 20 something
but thank you for being here man uh
we're just hanging out right now yeah
yeah we love you it is current day so I
got to get started on today's vlog we
will see you tomorrow
you are beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
