let me see it whoa he did an
unbelievable job no wow in Rupp the ears
around the wrists and everything Kagura
how do you feel I've never I woke up
with the biggest smile on my yes happy
yeah I feel like an absolute zombie
right now Lucy what time did you get
done with that tattoo just took us all
night man you were like you text me like
two sup in the morning and said I'm done
DJ's like let's go let's go he's a
walking DJ's when we call him DJ look
haha I am gonna miss Toronto guys we
have had a wonderful time you're
absolutely perfect time Bob Lowe my man
you ready get out of here man good
merica I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready
Pablo Berger welcome here we go guys we
are out of here Britney actually left
back home this morning at like 9 a.m. or
something so she's already out of
country good morning my man
Britney flew home back to the family
today I'm extremely excited for her to
get home and the hug the boys and the
dogs and just we're packing up and now
the Toronto like I said we are heading
to Orlando Florida today for we don't
have a show tonight do it it's a lot
tomorrow night Orlando by the time
you're watching this it's tonight so
let's do it
there we go guys we're out of here thank
you sir but
so much check out these rocks over here
what is this like rock people
that's pretty cool it's this one it is
our big rock people we're leaving guys
Thank You Toronto and for everybody's
Hospitality's I am I'm gonna miss this
place man I really am no doubt in my
mind I will be back like I had so much
fun here and I didn't get to do enough
there's just so much to do but let's go
Orlando baby Florida back to the States
no rollerblading they don't allow okay
hey you got it security sir it's just
police's after 7lc you're not telling me
to stop give me five girl yeah
probably gonna get told to get off this
thing but for now I'm gonna use except
no idea where I'm going it's quicker
where did they go I lost my groove so
you guys thought I lost you guys man I
starting to panic yeah I never seen your
eyes so big probably just said where's
my passport stop I have mine now I got
mine I started getting nickname passport
but I have mine oh my god Pablo where
would it be if you leave in the safe
it looks like Pablo staying in Canada
with you guys oh you found it got it
moral of the story is always put it back
where you're used to having it scared
redid your your face is the color your
hat right now we're all going home guys
we're all going mosted Wars boosted Wars
I like are you laughing you said boosted
wars he's right to protect like that oh
well thanks dude DJ just got us all
right through Global Entry I've never
been in this line look that's what we
would have been in DJ aka the man just
got us in this long
I have no idea if we're allowed to take
these booster bores through here either
we might lose them right now
big global he did he did
Wow look at the line we just I know I
almost feel it's such a big line I feel
guilty when I was right right huh
put your boosting board remote in the
tray cuz last time it look like a
detonator and she looked at me I swear
she was like seen your backpack she was
like what is that don't do it
alright you know me and my boy Noah
collect magnets we're in to run up and
get one in every city although I have
been on tow before and I have brought
them back at magnet I'm just gonna keep
doing it if I'm in the city I'm gonna
get one this one's kind of cool if I get
one for Kane - yeah I'll do that one for
Kane ha ha so here we go this is
officially goodbye to Toronto hello to
Orlando we are off excuse me sir I think
you're in my seat on 3a are you in I
think you're in my Sun hot in your seat
dude man man he's in the wrong seat I'm
an exposure no no everybody's gonna know
you don't know you know this is my scene
what seat is you this one which one I
don't I don't want to say the wrong
thing do you know this man there yeah
he's my cousin Oh see you taking his
side
Hey Dude what's up guys
no I miss you so bad - I want you met
only a few more days man I'm gonna be
home yeah
are you happy mommy's home oh I'm not
gonna lie I'm a little jealous of mommy
right now a lot of jealous love you guys
I'll see you soon I love you so much ah
all right here we go we made it to our
land Oh guys Hecky and I got some plans
I got some things that are gonna be fun
for this vlog we only have a few hours
for gets dark we're gonna make the best
of it most of it I'm ready is that us
follow right there boost in war boost
again headed off gonna drop a bunch of
stuff off at the hotel and then we're
gonna go play
alright guys just dropping my bag and
head out hope you are having a wonderful
day the best day man I hope you're being
positive and staying positive I say this
so much I feel like it's so repetitious
but I feel like part of my job is to
remind you of what you already can do
every day you can already do when I'm
asking you to do but you need a little
reminder a little push we all need
reminders we all need push from behind a
little bit
get up Go Go so if I'm repetitive it's
because I want to remind you every day
to stay positive I know that the
negativity is heavy it's thick it's
everywhere it surrounds us you got to
push it away man you got to turn
anything negative into a positive and
keep pushing forward let's go have some
fun
I'm in Orlando just got my room let's go
so our only real issue right now is the
Sun light is going down and we need
sunlight we're losing light it's already
about 7:30 I think we got about a half
hour light ah yeah right where those
cars are okay we're gonna do something
like a legal transaction real quick is
that cool yeah it won't it won't take
long man we just get the bag and get
back in your car is that cool I'm
messing with you man I'm messing what up
dude yo okay you guys been hit me up for
a while to meet up with Adam LZ what's
up man hey really awesome meet you
what's up guys Congrats on the the
marriage that's amazing how was your
trip it was really stood at BMX bikes on
cruise ship like everything I saw those
pictures I'm like you good
what now super sleaze are your Drifters
yes how does this work
this is mine this is Nicole's this is
yours
yeah but uh I don't trip to it that's my
friend Taylor he like got me into
drifting it so man in case you guys
don't know who Adam is he's like
phenomenal BMX like when I see his
videos I'm like I want to hang out with
this dude buddy also drifts cars like
this right here uh so I think we're
gonna do a little bit of both yeah I'm
soaked
yeah I'm excited man like this is look
at this drift car phone would be a
maxilla it's like a toy machine
this is it yeah well we're gonna we've
never drifted this back before this will
be the first time I love it let's do it
his car's broken oh my gosh this is
awesome
here we go it's gonna be real comfy what
size waist are you it's a 32 seat you
look like a 32 yeah I'm like a 30 30
okay sorry
then my pants are 30s right I'm grown
I'm still growing if you want to use the
lap belt you can you probably should yo
I'm a painter just get any comfortable
I'm comfortable there it's nice to meet
you and I like surreal this is like
super we're trying to everything really
quick before it gets dark
yes I already pre one time we run out of
light so oh yeah we're totally gonna get
kicked out of here like this is like I
would go in the middle I would go in the
middle Nicole oh he's totally
dude he's good give me five okay
I don't even know what just happened I
tell you do a 360 of n but it never
works
I wonder your tires last uh not very
long these are like new tires will
probably get like a cup
but right - are you kidding me that was
the first time my friend Taylor and I've
ever done doing it together
here's always you guys make it look easy
do this so fun you guys you know you
want to learn right now but I don't
understand it I mean like I'm like ah
I'm steve-o oh my god did her quarters
are black from the tires woo is
Lightning McQueen
yo you guys are maniacs
you guys are add fire okay what I got
all the way down there I secured he's
competent I know it would happens so
fast
that was absolutely ridiculous now that
was insane
I'm gonna keep it red I'll see you in a
minute I'll see you in a minute okay
they have to get out of here because the
police are definitely coming
they are crazy adrenaline like my
reaction I don't know if you can see it
but it was so genuinely shocked I never
done that before ever that was amazing
it's unbelievable he's not happy until I
do this so I'm not either I'm excited
yeah a little bit a little bit okay so
if you crash it I don't care okay so
basically I'm just gonna try to do it
done that very simple is just drop the
flood turn the wheel and go and then
next time we'll work out a little bit
more aggressive okay you want to take
this if you want to get in with me get
in with me get in with me you want to
try to capture this I'm gonna try my
first donut you ready no
oh no that was an amazing doughnut
you
hahahaha
Oh
yeah let's get out of here oh yeah
so now that was freaking amazing guys
like straight-up amazing Thank You Adam
for letting me do that
we are headed now we're headed to the
skate park there's a lit State Park for
another couple hours we're gonna go get
some shot to him killing it on a BMX
bike you guys know I like bike stuff so
this is going to be a real treat - so
although we have run out of light
there's a skate park that's open till
11:00 that has lights it is only for
skateboards but Adam called the places
and you can come in get some shots super
ups on those guys and we're headed there
right now let's do that whatever you
want to do and whatever you want to do
this one's for you all right now to the
quarter wall ride off that wall yeah
I'll go off the corner to the wall and
then like do chickens border all right
let's see it and then you're calling out
the next thing I don't know I don't know
you know bike you don't can we goes do
we do some kind of crazy wall run Oh
but you make it look so easy look like
you did that with no effort at all I
can't breathe ha ha ha
I have never fully understood the whole
skate only thing like I did look how
beautiful this Park is it's technically
for skateboards and they're letting him
ride his bike tonight but like I know
everyone's really cool but I think part
of in Florida just like they've had
separate sessions for so long that
there's a lot of animosity between
everyone and until I ruins a lot
together just no one's going to get
along it's crazy it's like you're all
doing the same thing everybody wants to
have fun it's tough to if you're like
working or if you're in school and only
sessions when you're busy yeah
you do a 360 of this I got you off this
yeah I'm gonna throw a song a little
special for you okay cuz that's not
enough
the 367 on I won't do what you did when
you went in the pool okay I'm still the
head face the head sweat I didn't know
you rode until I saw that oh really
yeah well I don't like compared to you I
don't ride I goof on I goof on oh nice
now this isn't like an edit where I'm
only showing you his good stuff I've
showed you everything he's done like you
have not ready to actually land so
everybody wrecks dude I get it but you
haven't yet
you're gonna take it's gonna be bad
Pez de pez dog dude I'm Jin genuinely
impressed it was great man I love it woo
beautiful dude get it back-to-back
killing it killing it hahahaha yeah he's
doing he's doing so good it's crazy
alright guys don't forget how amazing
you are you were beautiful you're one of
a kind smile more oh you were up there
alright we're headed to dinner we are
how are you sure your goodness oh my god
did you guys do it to people back there
before it's average there I want to
thank you guys for hanging out man
having fun maybe for Nsight you can see
you're enjoying it so we're gonna go get
some dinner
umm place we go to all the time smoky
bones and just
leave this thing yo country do you care
if I have some of your wings
we ordered so much Bo order actually you
guys were pretty modest you want to come
no fries coming oh I did order run Emma
nachos and we already had an entire
plate of nachos thank you guys thank you
so much man thank you screaming it's for
all the fun uh you guys are awesome
where do they check you out at
youtube.com for /lz BMX there it is
awesome why do you guys have been
requesting the Hangout so uh there we go
we did it there's definitely gonna be
more videos for sure we got he's got to
teach me how to do the cool stuff now I
did the little donut guys guys it is
it's currently 421 in the morning 421
a.m. I'm coming to you very embarrassed
I'm coming to you I feel like just an
idiot and I'm gonna share this story
with you I could easily have just hid it
from you and not told you but I feel
like there's a big lesson here and maybe
it'll help even just one person so here
we go um it's 4:20 in the morning we
just got back from the hospital about
three nights ago this is where the
stupidity comes in I punched uh
something that looks like that right
there very similar to that I punched it
boom stupid bad idea
um it's dumb don't don't don't do that
don't do what I just told you about
don't do it I didn't think anything of
it I was like oh it hurts but it's fine
the next day um it was sore but I'm like
of course it's sore I just punched like
a wooden cabinet the second day I was
tender but I'm like you know it's
probably in that like stubbing phase
where like I stub something today it was
like day three and I'm like um it's
getting tight it's getting sore it's
hard to move um let's check it out so
we've been at the hospital and
Pablo have you ever broken a bone I
broke my thumb in sixth grade what'd you
do how'd you do it I was running around
in my friends basement and I tripped and
fell like oh then my parents for three
days didn't believe it was broken right
finally went to the doctor exactly what
just happened to me you ever broken a
bone have you ever broken your bones
that's what I should ask yes yes I have
broken many bones in my hands as you can
see trying to get the x-rays I did the
x-rays I actually got an IV because
they're going to rebrand it is broken
un-frickin'-believable that my hand is
broken it took me three days to realize
it uh-huh
so here's the thing long story short
they will not they won't be break-in and
put it in a cast because I told them I
they told me I won't be able to edit my
videos with this hand I told my half to
edit so they told me they can't read
break it if I won't allow them to put it
in a splint or a cast so we are going
rogue tonight I am probably going to go
to the doctors when I get back to Ohio
and we'll just see what happens that's
literally the only thing I can do right
now because I have to edit actually been
laying you're editing the vlog trying to
get it done because they said they're
gonna put me under Tory break up my hand
Oh Oh God the doctors here oh my god get
away from me dude so long story short
guys I went to the hospital we spent
many many hours at the hospital and they
told me that they were gonna re break my
hand this hand right here they have to
rewrite this bone or pop it back into
place I'm completely confused on what
they said but they said it's broke
there's a fracture the bone is 35
percent sideways which is crazy man what
the heck but here's the thing I told
them I can't be in a cast I can't be
explained I'm still on tour and I have
to edit they told me the way the splint
is there's no way to edit this fan would
be like this my wrists would be up and
my fingers straight up so I'd have to
somehow edit like a DJ or something like
there's no way
basically they said they won't rebake it
until it goes into a cast so because I
wouldn't put in a cast they won't read
break it so we let even had the IV we
were all ready to go like so basically
as soon as I get back to Ohio I have to
go get this repo c'n and put on a cast
which is terrible news and I feel like
the biggest idiot on the planet I'm
sharing you this story very embarrassed
I'm a completely ashamed of myself
to do something so stupid I'm really
sharing this story to it maybe just help
even one of you guys don't punch things
don't like punch up be a pillow punch or
punch pillows like that's punch a pillow
man so yeah instead of hiding this
stupidity I figured I would share it
with you maybe it'll help one of you
guys man I got to tell you man like you
guys hear me preach positivity every day
I push you to be positive I push you to
smile more I push you guys to be
motivated and and tell you the truth
even I have to live by these I'm truly
living by what I talk to you guys about
every day I fight just like you do
against negativity I work every day on
it somedays Manny gets the best of me
man I made a mistake I got angry anger
is so powerful and I just punched a
stupid wooden cabinet guess my best
advice about anger right now because we
all fight with a and there's natural
we're humans like it's okay to get angry
but to handle it is something else don't
let it don't let it win man don't let it
win now I gotta get my hand we broke
it's just so embarrassing man I hate
even sharing the story I hate sharing
the story for two reasons one I only
like to share positive things with you
guys so at the end of these vlogs you
feel so lifted and ready to take on the
world
- I hate sharing the story because I'm
embarrassed because everything that I
teach you guys I messed up and I went I
went backwards I want to talk about
that's embarrassing to me so um if
you're wondering what I was angry about
is all business stuff man is it's
there's a lot of things going on I'll be
able to share with you guys soon it
wasn't nothing to punch a cabinet about
I'll tell you that it was very stupid on
my part
so a lot of business things going on
that uh frustrating man they just pile
up one thing leads to another I get
angry and I don't always get it just it
got me that time so thank you guys for
hearing me out man don't do that don't
do it be happy baby there's so many
great things uh I just you know we all
slip up we're humans I love you guys
you're beautiful keep your head up man
stay positive thanks for hearing me I
know this part is so different than
anything I've ever done but I was either
just gonna hide it from you guys not
include it my vlog which I easily could
I still could I love you guys more than
you ever know man like honestly um
that's the only reason I'm really
shyness so thank you guys I'm gonna
isolate up this ice pack I'm gonna lay
on ice I'm gonna somehow edit this vlog
and it's Showtime I literally have a
live show in 12 hours so I'm gonna sleep
for a few hours and head to my show the
show must go on if you have made it
through this entire vlog hit the thumbs
up button I know it's it's a little
different the block was going so good
until this it was so fun the drifting
the bikes it was so good and now this
tell me in the comments day right now
tell me in the comments what have you
broke have you ever broke a bone I have
currently broken both bones in both arms
a thumb and now my hand so tell me your
stories I'd love to hear them we've all
done stupid things uh to hurt ourselves
on accident I love you guys you are
beautiful you are one of a kind smile
more
oh you okay
are you alright
