all right so this is one of the coolest
places in Toronto that I remember is
this big BMX park all these dirt jumps
man I just want to go play man I was
ahead of white you'd do that no you
wouldn't I would I can go find you a
bike I had a heavy-duty shock storm but
you're sitting right here on Lake
Ontario right here this place is
beautiful and the reason I'm so excited
is a lot of you guys make us a lot of
cool things a lot of you guys bring us
cool things you're always presenting us
with look what we made you and it's
always amazing but today today something
special man something special it just
went by and I've out flip bringing out
flip it's like the 100 only I'm like
here I come you see it
oh my god
what is
what up nerds yo you guys just straight
blew my mind like for real just blew my
mind
oh my god what up hi nice to meet you
all yours
what up you guys were all like
incredible man like what the hair
different right we didn't think we're
gonna see you guys we weren't sure we
tried to call Pablo I saw these pictures
like a while back oh you did somebody
set them to me from some random Facebook
and I was like I have to find those cars
I didn't know what city you guys went
yeah from Ottawa for hours with what hey
what's up man I want you everything no
way nice to meet you whatever man how
you doing nice to meet you we are uh
whoo that's a German Shepherd all right
guys so here is two guys tell me about
you Farrar's
well it's a 488 660 horsepower it's a
California Azure blue it's only the one
in the world it's 2016 the 5a
oh my god you do they're gonna look so
good in my garage thank you guys
holy crap yeah yeah I do all right guys
so how how amazing like honestly is this
these guys wrapped their Ferraris smile
more doubt or VF whoo I don't know which
one I like better I can't pick yeah yeah
take yeah take a ride for sure you don't
want to drive it he said you can drive
it back hmm it's one thing driving your
car but all right let's hear this beast
here goes Brit this is ridiculous
I know a lot of you guys are car lovers
like I am I don't know a whole lot about
Ferraris but I can tell you this this
car is absolutely beautiful whoo
see you guys Ben Ben nice meeting you
I'll see you uh back in Ohio I guess
let's start this beast oh my god you
just purrs oh I just makes me laugh
there's Britt haha I wasn't gonna do
this but I have to I have to see you
guys
ha ha ha oh man it's so sporty I feel
like I'm in like a race car like a
go-kart the different feeling than the
GTR the GTR has more of a luxury feel
almost like a soft suspension this feels
like you're in a racecar for sure and
maybe that's cuz I am a barista sound
like an idiot
stop stop stop it
yo it's a smile maker it's a smile maker
for sure thank you guys so much
beautiful cars
absolutely beautiful from the bottom of
my heart thank you guys so much we will
see all of you at the show meet whatever
you want to do like you're there we're
gonna hang out or in Toronto tomorrow
too so we're gonna go play we're gonna
go play he's saying tattoos all right
all right he want me to sign his wrists
he's gonna tattoo I said hold off hold
on all right that's how you start dang a
day right there what you thinking in
cars man beautiful beautiful that's our
that's our logo that's our slogan that's
our company is smile Morris and I just
showed up with a smile our cars driving
into the beautiful Toronto I am more
than ready now tonight like I am pumped
I already knew like I called it way
ahead the Toronto was gonna be wow like
crazy wild and that is just a sure sign
you guys are going way above and beyond
the normal for the show tonight like
this Wow how was your ride what is
amazing I'm sorry I still love your new
yard good you don't love GTR don't
perfect timing just enough time came
back got a shower all cleaned up feeling
way way too good today you gonna meet me
at the venue yeah uh give me hug I gotta
go give me a hug I gotta go give me like
I gotta go oh that for huh yeah it's
pretty much already
It's Showtime almost not quite still got
meet-and-greet still gotta go to venue
still get a I'll see you in two hours
yeah about two hours away love you guys
I love you we both love you so here we
are on a way to the video what's this
place called man Massey Hall Massey Hall
and it's supposed to be absolutely
beautiful I'm so looking for you guys
know I'm excited about this how's the
venue so far it's awesome they're taking
great care of us there's tons of kids
there they've been there all morning
well we've
loading in yeah they're ready for us for
sure and how was your trip in from
Detroit last night I just have to swim
across a couple of oceans I think I
reached that land taken down here so we
good the on tier it make Ontario Ontario
came through yeah we we so let me slice
all the players getting shot up last
night oh man I was screaming I'm glad I
didn't make what time did you arrive to
Toronto 7n oh my god yeah I'm glad
you're here man it would have been the
same show without you like it would have
been a good show but it would have been
the same forces Roman versus blue sea
and it only be twenty minutes long yeah
- his speech that's it here we go
Toronto this is how it starts every
night zero zero
Oh whoo huh we can own this all this is
gonna be a blast
dude are you kidding me three tears turn
off his meeting greet out buddy
you ready muffin is in the hospital
right now what happened she's been
throwing up in his diarrhea and her
energy is low
Mayu I know you've already told me this
but you were just telling my viewers for
the first time I saw what did I say I
mean it's it's like waiting in the
waiting room I don't suppose I have a
waiting room yeah man they're babies I
know they're not as strong as Zeus these
are little one-pound babies no I get it
I know they're like your kids wait yeah
I get it I get it
I don't care all right ma'am thank you
hit your meat drink gonna knock this out
I am I'm ready tonight and I feel so
good I just feel like me like it's been
a while on tour since I felt like me I
got sleep I just had some food I feel
good I feel like I got energy so I hope
you guys are feeling the same hope
you're feeling great let's do this who's
he's talking about how he doesn't
necessarily feel like he looks the best
and he's just not feeling his beards not
the best and I'm sitting here saying he
just didn't sleep all night but you had
a very rough night it's okay to not feel
at your best it's not because my looks
but that's what you say inside how I
feel inside
Oh Miley more though
oh hey you left on your show tonight or
is nice meeting you bingo is it Julian
Julian Julian fair one of your biggest
fan
awesome you guys are in the vlog
shout-out to Steven and Michael and all
my family don't forget small more new
shout out to my friend Jacob and don't
forget to smile more mmm shout out to my
girlfriend lily and don't forget to
smile more yo you walking like you have
to pee that lad hurt I never heard a guy
have to pee so bad you're like runny oh
boy we've been going right way okay so
we got a few awesome special guests
coming in tonight
first one Matt sent or what's up what up
dude we're in your town yeah that's my
city last time I was in Toronto we hung
out your amazing apartment you
everything but would you bring me I know
you brought well I brought you a little
something something uh because do they
know the story they don't and I wanna
told him I have not shown you yet so
matt has a book out he has a book out
everyone's excited about it and he sent
me his book and I was very honored to
see this book and receive this book I
gotta show you this I'm gonna show you
guys this is the same X I'm gonna show
you guys first then I'm gonna show Matt
this right here is Matt's new book and
did I just want to tell you man my dog
flash loved your new book oh my god you
really went at it I loved it yo real
happy though it doesn't it dude he's
winking he's winking tastiness he's
winking at a camera like loved it loved
it so you brought me a new well listen I
brought you a new excited Bunch extra
and I awesome dude let's just keep that
one away from the pooch so that
hopefully you can read it this is Matt's
new book I'm not I'm not a huge reader
but these are like quick facts and stuff
so it's like it's not something you have
to read from start to finish yeah it's
just order wait facts a little bit of my
life still
but if you don't like to read it there's
an audible version there's an uber
equalize so you're killing it the most
importantly last thing I want to say
most importantly that you're not just
killing it you're killing it in the
right way and I think that's really
important to say because we live in a
time right now with a lot of crazy stuff
happening on YouTube and I just want to
say each of the Roman soldiers that are
out there that you know support Roman
and you know to the boroughs and all
that you guys are supporting some of the
most positive people on YouTube and
these guys stand for what's right and
they do you know positive stuff and
that's what matters now we need more
than ever so on always they think it
should we do we do my man Pete what up
bro welcome back to I feel like
customers in Toronto I was with me and
and that that's it all right perfect
I'm never you about you either nice to
see you guys man thanks for coming
we're gonna we're gonna jump off the
seat our descent humble if I like I can
land on you we've been taking our tinder
guys for you I love this shirt Vilas
well I got one for you so don't nice you
got you got you I can't wear a book on
my shirt no you should drill a hole
through it and wear it like a necklace
yeah we got a we got a hold the show
rolling everyone's calling out our
boxing gear with our UFC gloves guys no
we have to hold the show I haven't done
my nervous boos yet I have to do my
nervous business
time a dude I have to we're already late
I hope it won't suck it up suck it up
coupons day literally suck it up coupons
they shock me hug I'm getting a hug and
I this this isn't it
we're backstage right now this is behind
this is directly on stage right here
excited
 so nervous look at him look at him
whoo see show time my friends here we go
Toronto I'm so good
some kind of love they got for me
Oh
what a knight Teron I can rats on the
wind what a mortar can girls any wind
man I thought it was close hi dental lab
we ended it with 2020 to kill every time
we walk off stage we have the same
feeling best show ever Toronto I will
say this loudest show ever like you guys
were piercing my ears are ringing Roman
cut off the end music because he said he
couldn't walk off I could it I cut the
music I said guys I just can't say
goodbye so thank you Toronto and thank
you for everybody that's always
supporting so you guys have a good time
that was so cool man that was so the
Adrenaline's pumping that your rat is
crazy
your fans are just out of Louisville
just amazing the support they give you
it's so I was the loudest show we never
had hands down they are one son allow
this show we know how to do we know what
to do issued DJ handed me this and we
should hide it from 50 buddy Cindy would
you guys think of the show thank you
guys for coming out man you like the
speeches and say awesome we have another
special guest here six-foot-four ha no
uh-uh
this guy's always massive support and
his lovely lady yeah we're getting
married in ten days no way ten days why
you tell her that she was talks to be be
sure to mention I should have known you
wearing a team Pablo sure that we're
gonna start some crap yeah
it's good to have thanks for coming
thank you so much Rachel so these guys
just got tickets on both their Ferraris
oh it's terrible news both their
Ferraris got tickets on them I'm gonna
feel bad I'm not gonna feel I'm not
gonna feel bad for you guys getting
tickets you drive Ferraris and you got
them smile more doubt no grubber out
okay that take I got you I got you I got
some girls the amount of boxes that come
home from short buy time to get home
they'll be cases in cases in cases of
torment because all of this stuff you
guys bring to all the shows and this is
it this isn't just it look how cool
these are the most busters we've ever
gotten
Toronto it's crazy doesn't surprise me
this is beautiful pile so many and then
you guys bring gifts and paintings you
guys make artwork after artwork tons of
our the craziest gift I got all night
was this box right here you're a gift
that I get every night but tonight
somebody brings me this box it's a watch
a Ferrari watch I can't even make
yourself as beautiful I love it
dang warping over to a little place
called Earl's hey I promise whatever
I've left is coming to you I promise you
we are getting
we're getting some food with some good
friends hanging out you jump right onto
my plate
help yourself like legit this is some
type of potato salad food vlog for my
boy Noah got the barbecue today say the
salad that looks at me this chili
chicken
oh it's dry rub yeah amazing
we just left this beautiful restaurant
walking down the cities I was guest
trying to sauce mix tape ah sir I got I
got fire makes paper what you put your I
got I got I got Meek Mill on the track
uh-huh I got meat meal okay I got DJ
Kali DJ college yeah momma I'm up are
you I got you just give me give me duh
dum duh you got duh all right good you
guys are coming with us
yeah I'll see the mom Ann yeah brother
thanks for coming out I see you again
well guys we are working into the night
and that is our day we are done it is
time to edit this video call it a night
get some sleep start all over tomorrow
we have a day off in Toronto which I'm
very excited about um I don't know what
we're gonna do
I love you guys so much as you can tell
I'm exhausted I I pretty much have no
energy left I hope that you enjoyed
today's vlog this friggin Ferraris were
unbelievable huge thumbs up to those
guys for bringing them out uh super cool
we will see you tomorrow you are
beautiful you are one of a kind smile
more into Canada right now
you were laughing when you found out you
know why you want to be here the Roman
tour it is the road you know why because
everybody for the last three days you
said you got your passports right you
got your passports right and everybody
said yes no one has asked Euler's and I
am exactly you have Brittany I have
Pablo
