double check triple check everything is
gone you ready you ready you ready you
ready we're matching you go that's our
outside we're like brother and sister
welcome to the vlog we were off to
Toronto Canada today I'm very very
excited to hit Toronto a big city big
show we're off today
Canada Brittany I'm just waiting on you
baby just wait uh no pressure I'm
waiting on you
how much you want to bet they're waiting
to ready no not on time how much you
wanna bet there wait a minute
peekaboo as came out ah beat him
I'm out I'm out yo it's Brit it's pret
not me
this is riveted I have an excuse now
it's pretty you can't buy you can't buy
him with pizza how's that you can lose e
you're late no you're I thought about
this you have Britney to help pack help
yeah only reason why is kiss her see you
had heard of oh she did not help me she
helped me be late that's it your room is
crazy
ya know I got super stars the bed and
you get tattoos or you really want to do
this yeah I don't know if I've told my
vlog oh yeah I mean let's do it right
now so long story short foo scene I
thought that maybe it was a good idea to
get tattoos while we're on tour I have
you guys know I have tons of tattoos and
I haven't had one for a long time I've
been itching for one don't you have one
you want more well I got one
and I started removing it it was a big
part of my life and now Roman helped
talk me into thinking of maybe getting
it covered by a nice piece well here's
my thought and I'll just tell you this
it's there and it's bad because he's
been trying to remove it and it's there
like you're not getting rid of that mhm
he might as well put something beautiful
about some nice did yeah I already sent
it to the artist and everything
so there may may or may not happen but
we may be getting tattoos
for and um I mean it wouldn't be my
first tattoo so it's kind of easy yeah
so here we go st. Louis we are going to
miss you I always enjoy coming to your
city you guys are beautiful it's a great
town and we had it we had a heck of a
show it really was good
yeah I'll take the back with you I'll go
anywhere with you girl oh yeah now I
feel so much better today I actually I'm
not gonna lie I sleep like a lot of
sleep
yesterday I was throwing up I was a
wreck so that means said I'm gonna try
to vlog as much as I can for you guys
today and make up lost days you got it
thank you so much the ones the ones with
the beans in it she got me the memory
foam yeah I'm just trying to fit DJ your
pillow is cheetah print yeah did you get
the only one that matched your underwear
in my we've been worn 20 times you need
a passport to get swear to God I don't
have a passport come on we got read his
face is getting that's a you know I said
we're to God see me did not pack my
passport Lucy I swear to God cuz I
thought here's the thing you can get
into Canada without it but you can't get
back into the u.s. can you get into it
or no yeah yes you can you can you can
get in you can't get back out no you
can't a Sim Sim Sim we didn't pack my
passport did we
she said no yeah I'm not gonna get into
Canada right now you were laughing when
you found out you know why you want to
be here the Roman tour it is the road
you know why because everybody for the
last three days you said you got your
passports right you got your passports
right and everybody said yes no one has
asked Euler's and I am exactly you have
Brittany I have Pablo and Simmi yeah she
didn't we're gonna oh you have a talk oh
all visitors arriving to Canada need a
passport keep reading please be sure to
have your passport when we go through
customs
keep reading technically Canada Border
Services does not require US citizens to
present a passport to enter Canada
however Americans must have a passport
to get back so have her next day air
your passport to our hotel tonight okay
girls I have to do hopefully um is it
just me is it very clear this dinosaur
stole his ice cream
I mean look how unhappy he is 100% he
took it and he's happy about it but for
cargo guys I hope you're having such a
good freaking day man I want to tell you
something right now we're all going
through problems we all deal with our
own circumstances and you can sit back
and you can mope about them and you can
complain about them all you want but if
you don't get up and make the changes
that you want to make it's never going
to change man so get up laughs smile go
hang out with some friends do what it is
you want to do like go get your passport
that's something you need to do this is
goodbye are you really not I'm really
can't go on this play we just don't know
I started stop I swear I'll take an uber
I'll meet you guys there
bye guys this is terrible that's
terrible news guys I'll meet you guys
there
uber we really don't know what's one on
fousey right now but there's a chance
that his passport card won't allow him
to air travel into Canada if he was on
our bus he could get into Canada with
what he has but our bus just went
through Ohio we're currently in Saint
Louis
oh yeah things happen it wouldn't be
tour if this stuff gonna happen but like
Romy says I could sit here and I can
mope about it or I can smile and start
jogging there survives see you kid
anybody this is it man no this is it go
get on look good so I can sweet-talk
hella good you look great
100% there's no way the only way would
be to go possibly to fly to Buffalo and
then ya know we keep the flag on oh he's
crying now he's crying it's alright for
the scene yeah straight up not as a joke
at all
 can not fly to Canada that is
unbelievable dude no I messed up has the
option to fly to Buffalo and take a car
up Indiana he can get into Canada by car
you can't get him from airplane and so
I'd rather fly to Detroit and have the
tour bus pick me up and go that's your
second option right there
I'll see you Canada I'll see you I'll
meet you guys there
Brett's getting her massage she's
getting that massage on
you didn't want a free massage man
they're free here feel better yeah feel
good after that we are officially
through security and and is legit
not coming with us right now he has to
fly to Detroit Michigan hop on our tour
bus which will be coming through almost
the same time pick him up take him
across the border on the bus is crazy
all right Noah buddy if you're watching
this parks for you every time we eat no
always says aren't you gonna do a food
blog so here we are food blog I got a
Reuben with fries Brittany got uh some
kind of salad what kind of salad is that
Khalid got on a Delta flight to
Chicago Detroit Michigan all right and
you got a little side salad onion rings
hot wings how did I guess if it gets hot
wings everywhere we go and Pablo
it must have ran out of bowls yeah we
donated a high man
yo I'll see you in Toronto I'll see you
in Toronto but here he goes running off
again I'm just gonna go ahead and say
this right now thanks for bringing my
passport
another day another flight I'm extra
excited for Toronto I don't know why I
think it's because we had like four or
five five cities in Canada on this tour
and for some reason they all got pulled
not by our choice management whoever
they pulled him in the last one left was
Toronto so Toronto is the only place in
Canada we're doing a show oh it just
makes it more special
whoa
feels so good out cool really cool
and now the fun part customs dude
psyches a DJ and Pablo are stuck man
we're good we're out of here
well oh right through I know why didn't
you have to go through I didn't have any
of this paperwork ah I'm just gonna
table so there no if he Steve or pop I
wish I would have told him something
about Oliver I should tip my guy off and
told him something about Pablo man Pablo
his face would be blood red yes if I was
doing the show with you and he goes uh I
said yeah and he goes I'm sorry I've
heard of him but I haven't heard of you
see how this he didn't he didn't say
anything to me about knowing me he was
very very stern the border patrol in
Brittany and I came up here to hang out
with Pete was so intimidating scary like
we didn't do nothing wrong but he made
us feel like we were like breaking the
law yeah but it was terrifying
they have like it's a heart go get it
this never happens first ones to get
their bags
there's Brits there's mine I'll just get
it
okay
oh here come here come all the heat
fixed problem solved only your bag we
just stopped getting what we've arrived
in Canada what's up guys what's up thank
you guys so much woman you're so thank
you guys for being respectful man thank
you
all right we made it I'm feel so good
out - it's amazing here we've been in
like the last hottest state so it feels
good to come up here
no guys although we have eaten up just
about most of our day it is we're here
we're in Toronto I'm excited remember we
went up to CN Tower yeah it's 10 o'clock
it's 10 p.m. already X we lost an hour
ah didn't like me yeah well then we got
delayed and then we love
now we're on top of it
there it is right there
it looks small until you get up there we
have made it to our hotel guys and we
have just had our day eaten right in
front of us man I'm telling you it just
goes so fast we just woke up we got up
late man
I i legit slept I needed it so bad I
don't know if I I didn't even tell you
guys but I was throwing up last night I
was so sick and it just ah so what's up
guys let's chat we don't have much of a
vlog today so let's chat it up you want
to talk with me oh you already I'm not
gonna lie the tour blogs have been like
I mean they're tough on me and I tell
you guys this all the time is that like
even yesterday like I didn't feel the
best but that wasn't why I didn't upload
I did not blonde because I said it's the
same vlog over and over I'm just showing
you guys the same we get up we go to the
venue we do our show and we go back and
I just I couldn't do it I was like
that's so repetitive like I'm doing yeah
so let's so let's catch up on some
things how are the kids how are the kids
great you know let's tell them so let's
just catch up a little bit the kids are
awesome Cain is growing at ridiculous
speeds Noah is so good and everybody's
happy and the Flash's getting big
splashes freegans gonna be huge by the
time I get home I stopped like a week
and a half out before I get to go home I
get to go home for like a week right
yeah and then we're off to Europe and
Europe is gonna be amazing I already
know that vlogs gonna be fun though in
Europe because it's so different from
what we do every day yeah I think I
always just try to give you guys
something to excite you you know like
something cool something unique or
something I haven't seen or I don't know
like motivating and pushing you guys a
little bit more so when I'm just showing
you guys what I do I just don't feel
like that's my job
you know it's what I want to remember in
the future but I also like to include
what you guys would like I don't know
blah blah blah here's the thing I got
sleep last night I got sleep I needed
sleep so bad like I need my hair back
all right I needed it so bad I was
crashing I was
and to be honest when I didn't upload I
felt so good I know you guys hate me
when I don't upload but it felt like I
needed this well think they hate you
when you don't oh they're nice nice and
sweet now I see the truth
most people understand 100% okay so how
is um how smile more don't smile more is
running falsely actually how close are
we to being like on top of our orders
like we're only a week right week out a
week out so if you order takes a week to
get to your order right now like it is
it's been insane but that's actually
good for us like it's it's not like
Amazon or some huge company where you
order your order goes out like that it's
just us and our and our family and
friends shipping this stuff so but right
now it's up to we guess not that bad
yeah so we're we're trying we're trying
we catch up on what else can we catch up
on the family oh it's my dad's birthday
right now you better call him right now
it's my dad's birthday oh my gosh holy
crap it's 20 minutes until it's not his
birthday see this is this is why I got
in the Corvette Safari got in the
Corvette because every year on his
birthday either I'm out of town or he's
out of town and it's just
ah you've gotta answer pups you've got
an answer okay we're gonna try call mom
mama mommy mom mommy
okay so dad I know you watch the vlog so
I just want to say we both want to say
we love you so much thank you for
absolutely everything you know that I
don't have the right words to explain
you how much you mean to me
and Brittany and my kids in the full
family you have done more than anybody
could ever imagine for all of us thank
you for everything pops we love you so
much and uh ah I love you man
I'll see you soon I hope that Corvette I
know I can smell that new Corvette from
here so I hope you're able to join it I
know you've been out of town but I think
you got home today so I know you're
dying to drive that bad boy get in and
have some fun we love you and everybody
watching please say happy birthday to my
dad in the comment section because I
know one of his favorite parts is to
read the comments thanks dad
I love you that's the vlog guys I know
that's that is our vlog and you guys
wonder why I skip some days along you
wonder I am still quality over quantity
mentally I can't get over it but I'm
trying man I'm trying the tour's just it
it's just I know I know you have to tell
me I know all the comments gonna be like
dude it's fine just don't I know I get
it I'm trying I promise you that I'm
trying I love you guys so much thanks
for all the support thanks for like even
when we miss these friggin vlogs I only
see it's it's really not that many but
you guys do come to Twitter and let me
know how you feel for sure what are you
doing don't get one sit at the zoo with
a monkey right
we love you guys so much we will see you
tomorrow in Toronto we have lots of
special guests coming to Toronto a lot
of other youtubers it's just gonna be a
lot of fun
thank you guys we've see tomorrow
beautiful you're one of a kind get up
and make them changes you are dying to
make you keep talking about it but
you're not doing it I always know when
somebody wants something because they're
doing it people always say I want to do
this I want to do that but guess what
they're just sitting there saying they
want to do it you got to get up you got
to do it man I heard this quote a long
time ago I've actually put on a vlog and
it stuck with me life has no remote get
up and change it yourself I love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow
beautiful smart building announcement
all right all right all right here and
we're doing loadout it got dangerous it
got dangerous for some people I saw they
must fall off the balcony oh that's
crazy do you guys give me permission
he's shaking his head hey I got one I
know I do
I'm right up there with you okay come on
DJ I just need one more yes
