yeah over here little man I was a little
baby hug bye hey have fun okay have fun
above us you got so many people here to
play with all week honey
gotta miss our flight you ready ready oh
yeah right hey I'll be back I'll be back
flash I see you used to love me when I
leaves just get so upset
I'm sorry Zeus give me five buddy come
on as my man yeah I didn't wallet I have
everything a hundred percent two hundred
percent laptops go charter just got vlog
cameras got batteries got everything
flash I got it yeah underwear I got
socks it's a little hectic here the
swanee oh how much is it
I said 49 49 let me let me feel Oh feels
like 52 to me I'm balling for humans no
let it go to you sister stop it all
right baby I love you do this thing just
went right off the steps I feel like I'm
forgetting everything like I feel like
I'm not taking anything bye buddy I love
you you're the best dude I'll see you
soon
all right guys we are leaving the
beautiful Ohio today and I know we've
been just just we've been hanging out at
home a lot we've been doing a lot of
home things and really doing family
vlogs which I love they're my favorite
but this week Brittany and I are headed
out for some very special guests and
some very wild vlogs like you like
exciting if you like maybe blowing
things up shooting maybe a little bit
this is gonna be yeah and family but our
kids aren't coming on this trip we
wanted to bring them but with school and
everything it's just getting really
complicated right now so we're just
gonna head out hopefully you guys have a
blast with us so here we go we're headed
the airport right now back to where we
go on start we're going
I should it maybe they'll figure it out
if I tell them where we're going you
know what I just realized forget about
all that we have no kids for a few days
like what is that gonna be like
I'm happy your hammies are tight what
does it even mean my hand my hamstrings
right here
ready I see oh geez you supported seven
what did I say Oh what did I oh I broke
the ice and 48 I think don't add weight
this is what happens when everyone gets
TSA PreCheck then the lines are longer
than this the regular standard passenger
me and you I'm excited to get away with
you I am so excited get away with grit
for a little bit we used to take little
trips all the time remember especially
for the vlogs we just go and we just
look wait do you mean were the last ones
at the gate what
hi good last ones as always we were
waiting when AMA here I can't hey check
it but I can't okay off to Georgia we go
off to Georgia we go or why did you do
that whoo we have a layover in Georgia
it's not our final destination but
that's where we have to go first
I apologize for my hairs your hair looks
awesome look like a jungle cat
we made it where we headed
we are headed to the airport
auditors yeah but you know what I feel
like it's just the thing here in Georgia
I'm getting excited to get to our final
destination where I got the itch I'm
ready
Mackel is a sweater for you thing lose a
sweater hoody a vest some is for d8d
epidemis V gate we're headed for the
deep
all right so we had about an hour and a
half we grabbed a little snacks
quesadillas chips and salsa guac in
yesterday's ball I told you guys about
the drag racing this Saturday with my
dad and everything's awesome thank you
told you guys that me and my dad will
finally be drag racing Saturday it's
going to happen at 12 noon like
lunchtime 12:00 Eastern Time 9 a.m. west
coast like California time last stream
was late this one's gonna be early
I mean Nunes good for me but it's early
west coast so please please come to the
live stream I'm putting the link in the
top of this description click it join me
on live got me come crush it we are um
we're really trying to make big fun live
streams if you guys have tuned in to my
last couple they have been really fun
and they're like they're basically
extremely raw of logs that's what it is
just a raw blog so if you like the
lengthy vlogs come watch a live stream
plus we're going to be drag racing and
we have dragsters on top
thank you so much after we race our cars
we're gonna race dragsters come join me
join me on live got me it's the app I
know it's available almost everywhere
now they keep adding new countries to
check again click my link in the top of
the description to come join me in
passing car one more flight then
you
Thanks
we made it actually fell asleep I took a
nap which mess me up yeah but now I'm
like I gotta wake up yeah I got a
restart guy every start my engine
oh all right guys we have made it to our
destination and I've been trying to
think of this really cool way to intro
who were staying with this week and I
haven't been no no no no who is that
who's that am I gonna show your face yet
we're gonna start with this quick clip
then you're gonna know exactly who we're
with great idea
Bobby I'm a doctor
yes Matt from demolition rash she was
wrecked vet ranch
you've got a vlog channel Meredith his
wife what is this is that your sidearm
welcome to Texas guys we are about to
have a really fun week I've been talking
about how we've been at home and doing
the family stuff but this week it's time
to blow some stuff up have some fun and
just uh I don't know so before we do
anything we got to do something not that
exciting we got to eat but while we eat
we're going to figure out exactly what
we're doing this week because we flew
all the way down here without any plan
whatsoever kind of our style honestly
like that's what we do a little taco
door soon as we sit down I'm already
being made fun I never had ever and
Britney hasn't either this seems
impossible to me but Matt looked at me I
can't believe it it is hard to believe
we've never so we in Our Lives had a
margarita and you put salt around the
room we have a margarita like once a
week
good for you guys that's what you have
it on them babies a hat
man hey I might rub it out the soul
yes good much better without good time I
throw a couple ideas out here and you
just you just shoot them down what if we
get like an old semi-truck and do some
with that I'd blow down so much
yeah let's say negative on that one oh
if we did I did just talk to somebody
they're shipping over some grenades a
grenade launcher you're me you're not
like legit grenades they're like you
have to have like special licenses but
there's no fire out of a gun and pop and
it's basically a big snap pop I think
Joe wouldn't we get hit by one but I've
never shot it I just got a grenade
launcher so what of course you did by a
good timing good done that's why we need
two semi truck no I think that's one
thing I don't think I could do how about
this how about this idea
how about this you've seen the movies
like westerns right can we reenact a
Western can we get somebody with forces
trained horses to let us shoot guns off
the horses our neighbor has a horse we
can just go take it deal she's a horse
girl she can ride horses you can get the
horse can you ride a horse good I've
done it I wouldn't say I'm good at it I
would I'm scared of death horses like
they dirt there how do I explain it's
like driving a nice car that can explode
at any minute right we still be in the
car and you ride in it but in any minute
that karmic splode that's my thought on
horses because they can just kick you
off at any minute and you stomp on you
to get I have never ever in my life been
to a posse oh you haven't either
that's the Costco card I have one with
my name on it but I've never been here
Brittany got it for me
oh gosh Brittany how y'all a few days
ago I came up with this crazy crazy idea
I don't know if it's actually crazy but
I've never seen it done before and I
thought Matt would be just over got to
do it with so if Costco has what we need
we're gonna do this are you doing how is
there already Christmas trees oh it's
not even Halloween it's not a month ago
Walmart had a mare a month ago are you
serious
hates that that is a pet peeve of hers
it's not even Thanksgiving it
Thanksgivings your favorite Halloween
yet it's not even all the way it's not
even my kid's birthday here all right
it's the first thing you need with every
Roman Atwood vlog fire extinguishers man
gonna have to have them we have any in
our house so this is I would like to
supply you with some of these and then
if we don't use them you got fire
extinguishers you can't even lift it I'm
gonna get it yeah you can't even get in
the car to get it off if they call an
uber just for that no that is that's
insane that's pretty awesome dude Nile I
know put him in here I'm gonna I'm gonna
Stone Cold Steve Austin I'm ready
all right we're moving on I actually
failed with my little project limit
failed we're actually gonna figure this
out
hopefully tonight
not with the order the stuff but we want
to wha I'm Matt Meredith you're gonna
show us how to get texif ID thanks texif
um check hot Texan bud sexified hats see
my problem with that hat how do I get at
home yeah you can't carry actually wear
it I don't know is this what I'm gonna
look like is that Bret I think you can
pull that off look that is Brit
yo this is legit I like that I think
that works
wait is that it really do you put a top
on that is that for real no that's it
there's no top yeah I kind of like it
golfing days even my voice changes when
I walk in here hey you should get these
jeans are became look like yellow you
fight even know I didn't cuz you've been
hiding on these my pants are designed to
go inside the boot well you can do that
too
look man you can't pick the boot boot
has to pick you you have to feel you
have to size you want the boot but what
is it the hard whoa oh I actually like
your mod oh yeah yeah hey look at that
see what do you think I like knees
another hair tight not you're tight too
tight first no stretch out but not too
tight yeah but I've already lost all
feeling in my toes
what do you mean they look funky with
the skinny jeans bro come on man sure
you do Brit yo these are pretty mean I
think I'll have fan of the other ones
honestly um we're just trying to let the
boot pick its pick it down or you don't
think what's your honest what do you do
about those boots they're piece of work
you didn't like it
you don't like him I want like a boot I
could like stomp a fire out if I got a
fire I gotta stomp it out
I need a boot is it easy I can pull
those long see when you wear jeans over
him no one even know yeah what's the
point of the design if you cover them up
well if your skinny jeans on no problem
I'm actually I figured it out this is
like a commitment when you buy a boot
the very
expensive they're very unique man it's
an investment you want to kick out a
fire you need the right boot oh let me
see where is it I need to pick out mine
bread baby we can match it means when we
go to the honky-tonk I'm cheaper too we
can we can honky-tonk it up what are you
thinking right now
I like we're foreign boots you're in the
kids Department
I know that it's this shelf that's all
you can choose they don't make Brittany
sighs apparently um tiny person sighs I
like that I'm dick oh my god girl you
look good
pointy it's meant to be it's religious
so I got the boots guys these are M
these are now mine oh I think they're
pretty cool and she's stretching them
get that leather stretchy you stick the
whole boot in a bucket of water of water
and they don't stay up of course they
stink if you've been warrior wearing
them but you wear it soaking wet you
wear in a form your foot and then how do
you get this thing to go with that
doesn't stink
what wet leather no it doesn't stink
you're fine
I love Texas well I learned a lot
tonight guys I really did I got some new
boots shout out the billy's western wear
for hooking it up charge us full price
but still my first pair of official
boots you know they're really slick does
that wear off for now okay well this is
a good start actually look oh my gosh oh
no no this isn't a bad price dude that's
pretty good but they only have a
thousand
I want a thousand lighters these are
buck apiece those are expensive ones all
right here's my crazy idea we need 1,000
lighter technically we don't need a
thousand lighters we technically need
one I hate a thousand - sure I'm gonna
do it do it right yeah so they have
packs but it's bulk and we could order
these online but they won't get here
until Thursday and I kind of really want
to do it today don't you do that tonight
yeah yeah I think it so the goal the
goal is this girl just took a pack she
was like I'll be back she took it and
she left and we're hoping that she went
to the back and maybe they have cases of
these lighters Cora awesome man by the
way you found him you got him
yes okay so we need how many 24 24 boxes
of six six packages the you have seven
liners so glad you went to school okay
all right
so you just want to walk home with a
thousand lighters wait wait is that
really felt decimals in there I have
never seen so many people trying to help
us get lighters and this is awesome the
struggle is real they do not have 1,000
ladders and I really thought they had on
but everybody helped us out big time
all right guys this has been a serious
challenge night we just left with 750
lighters 750 lighters bags and bags of
lighters I want a thousand there's
something about that number I want you
know thousand one last story I promise
and we will go back and we will do this
experiment we need 50 pass 50 more packs
of five yeah that's good math dude how
are we doing how many things I've got
five three 28 28 okay all right
one at a time I just want to say we've
got it 1000 total lighters and we're
getting ready to do this and we're
finally going back to Matt's to see his
house we've never been there I'm excited
for this week this is a good start dude
this is a good start for this week I'm
tellin ya all right so we just got to
get this fire started should be pretty
easy we can do that all right the girls
are shelling over a thousand lot I think
we're just over a thousand lighters Matt
stoking the fire we're doing it now and
I think you're gonna light it right now
get back some bad girls won't even like
do something lighter boys do you got the
wrong lighter fluid I'm guessing by now
you guys can figure out what my idea is
and that is lighters verse fire yo
that's high flame dude that trees gone
coughing good bro we didn't prepare so
hot this is probably good time to tell
you guys do not ever try this let us do
it this is uh this is going to be insane
honestly and then as you can tell
probably by this video we're gonna dump
all 1,000 lighters into that fire this
fight took a while but look at this
thing it is nasty no matter how this
bucket goes in its going so just me and
you huh just me and you mayor Wright
we'll hear some hear she's not there
anymore all right guys we've got 1,000
thick and mixed lighters we are going
into that fire I think we should go now
all right I got an extra camera here I
have a feeling my camera's gonna get hit
all right you ready this is so dumb what
do you mean
oh there's 100
it's almost done it's like The Wizard of
Oz dude I can hear hitting the barn oh
look they're flying at us that was
beautiful
it was amazing oh geez you know that was
magical dude this oh no way
I can't believe they're stolen some that
have it pop it's amazing it's been going
for five minutes the only thing we can
do is just sit here I'm crying dude I
was like I was just dying it's still
going we're going on over three minutes
here I'm gonna get a selfie with one of
the back that was awesome dude Oh
everywhere are you glad I came second I
was like I totally regret this is such a
bad idea but it was so good lighters
everywhere yeah they're all I'm pretty
sure we're good would you think of that
you loved it I loved it but I was a
little can't even plan it better than
for long it just keeps going at least 15
minutes later I'm sure I did look at
that this is only the start of our
technically today wasn't even supposed
to be a film day like we don't even
start film until tomorrow so today this
is just extras this is just bonus this
is one of a bad idea look at that
wait is this one still on at all bottoms
on you're gonna have so many lighters in
your yard so these are went flying let
me see that one
oh yeah so the back spot they turn into
Rockets lighter rocket oh oh right guys
we are working to that time where we say
goodbye for the day thank you
little yani tired
thank you guys for coming to Texas with
us um it's already off to a great start
if you liked today's vlog give it a
thumbs up please share this vlog share
it with some friends and family we are
on that road to 10 million guys so every
single thing helps from you guys you're
everything to us thanks for watching
we're gonna have more fun tomorrow and
the next day and it's just going to be a
really fun week so thank you thank you
thank you for being here if you have any
ideas throw it in the comments section
would love to hear it we are still open
on
Thursday we have some free time that we
have no plan so please give us some
ideas let's make them happen we will see
you tomorrow I'm so tired right now
and I stopped to edit all this thank you
guys for everything
we love you you are beautiful you're one
of a kind smile more I think you went a
little flat baby haha two ways you
didn't get any air let me try again
happened he's just really in my way
again let me try him he blows up as soon
as I stop or as soon as I start riding
all the air goes out these goobie
