you ready let's do it I can't find it
there we go let's do this boy
boom get out of the way flash I cannot
shut the door you see the crazy dog
welcome to the vlog guys welcome it is a
beautiful day feeling good got my boy
which makes me feel better
figured today while Brittany is getting
all worked on a swamp or so you guys
know we're up to like 12 full-time
employees and the swamp horse torn out
he's gotten absolutely insane thank you
guys for all the support on that but
while she is working today I figured I
would take Kane and my boy to go get our
hair cut
I told Kane I will get whatever he gets
so if he wants lightning bolts in his
hair
I'll get lightning bolts he wants
flashes but shaving the side of his head
I'm not doing that one so boy am I gonna
come back Wow looks like I've been
winning looks like I demand it up hope
you're having an awesome day let's get
today's vlog started we are on a streak
baby I think it's like 17 uploads in a
row I know it's not crazy but to me I'm
happy about it I feel good about it I'm
like back on track that's basically how
I feel so let's go let's put a smile on
our face and enjoy our day ready to do
this
I think we've made our decision on our
haircut
I'm excited are you excited that's it
hey dude it is good to see you man the
last time I had hair that was on tour oh
my god yeah I seen that haircut
got on tour dude is crazy they're
talking about tapers and all these crazy
terms and words I never heard of that
it's still I still want to take some
eyebrows off of somebody yeah well it's
not over all right my little man wants a
mohawk and we have decided on matching
smiley faces on the side can we do that
yeah we do that what's the big spawn
decide you want on this side yeah so
sure yeah I get my boy back here it's
looking so awesome King I love it what
about the haircuts I got a smiley face
Kane got a smiley face and I promised
him last night
oh let me see let me see whoo I promised
Kane last night if he would go get his
hair cut with me then he could get ice
cream how is it good so we did it and I
always tell Kane that I will get
whatever he gets in his hair if he wants
lightning bolt
I'll get lightening bolts if he wants a
smiley face I'll get a smiley face I
think it's fun and it encourages came to
get his hair cut and I liked it
hey guys what's up dude easy easy
I know we're home like his hair cut
flush oh hi baby
here sit good boy that's a good boy
we're home Britney is in the shower she
got all her work done Kane wants to try
this crazy out dude it's really big I
know it's it's hits me it's made for
like me and mommy Oh what the hell I'll
try it all right let's do it
pick one up at a time I go all right huh
what are you guys doing all right dude I
think it's gonna work it's awesome come
here hey let me see yeah
don't kill the ostrich flash it looks so
funny dude I think you just had a blow
your legs looks funny hey mom come on
out we have our own zoo now it's a burnt
stuff on I think Cain and I just came up
with the greatest idea ever come on
bring you a little birdie out are you
hungry
it looks so ridiculous all right little
birdie let's do it yeah oh my gosh dude
your dick
it looks like your legs all the way up
here it really looks like your foots up
here dude should I do it mm-hmm okay I
am so glad not alone we came up with
that idea but you did that I can't wait
to watch that in the future dude that
was so funny
do you think you should have seen Kane
oh my gosh she just wrote his dirtbike
yeah I think I should hit these ramps
with it on what do you think Kane
so funny when ice roads kneel down he's
nice enough to let me sit on him while I
fix my life honey huh that looks pretty
ridiculous
hi I don't know what to say there's a
flaw with this bike straight up what
guys there's an ostrich riding a bike I
think you went a little flat baby haha
to waste you didn't get any air me try
again
happen he's just really in my way again
let me fight him he blows up as soon as
I stop as soon as I start riding all the
air goes out knees go B it just looks
like this wow he run yacht
it looks funny no matter what are you
trying to get me you know your boy I'm
it's such a good day with you man huh
see you may have noticed a lot of today
we kind of skipped through we have I had
so many things that I have finalized on
today I'm going to share something with
you that's really cool this Saturday we
have finalized and approved our drag
strip we have our own drag strip for me
and my dad you guys know I've been
hyping up Corvette verse GTR it is
happening this Saturday I'll share all
the details with you throughout the week
but I just wanted to let you know it is
happening and I'm so excited about it
and we have something super special and
I'll let you know if this falls through
but I think we have two full-sized
dragsters that we are going to drag race
after we race our GTR and the Corvette
so basically this weekend's going to be
amazing and it took a lot of time to get
it all completed and finalized and it
actually has been done and we've been
planning it but today was like the final
you're in everything's good get the word
out guys the drag race is happening it
is this Saturday I think around 11 a.m.
Eastern Time so I will keep you posted
all week on this I'll be tweeting about
it I'll be posting about it but just
know that it's happening I'm so excited
about it and that is where a lot of my
day went today but it was worth it I
think it was definitely worth it do you
ordered this thinking it was big enough
to put in the driveway what what part
did you think was so big it just for the
picture looked huge like a traffic light
like you could like oh really one race
down the driveway ha ha ha approaches
brush you gonna go who's gonna take home
I can't no electorate I can't like that
makes me it tickles so bad smell bad
all right all this crazy like clown
stuff you have to have seen it right
oh yeah it's like going viral scary
clowns well scary I don't know if
they're all scared but they're just
clowns everywhere yeah I think in cheese
and crackers with mustard I don't I
don't really get or understand I know
it's hot like it's October so there's
like but I think they were doing it
before October's just like people start
dressing as clowns and I know I think
it's harmless to just dressing like
clowns now other people are imitating
clowns right mine's like a super happy
fun if you guys watched uh was at the
Shorty Awards yeah okay I won like a
comedian award and I walked up on stage
as a clown it's like a happy clown but I
bet it still looks scary
yeah I'm sure okay here's what I'm gonna
do here's what I'm gonna do you know
what's even scarier security cameras
right when you see a security camera it
looks scary right so here's what I want
to do I'm gonna put the clown costume on
all right and you're gonna film one of
our security cameras and I'm just gonna
walk to the camera you have to turn all
the lights off just like the happy clown
like you can't look hey guys
this is like what's going on all right
this one - oh no I like the one you're
in wait which one you like yeah it's a
bit the hair is so terrible you better
get some better hair would be more like
take a brush yellow seals the deal
this is literally like what are you
doing dude no see you make everything
look better you should put a clown suit
on all I'm gonna do is walk outside you
film the screen and then you tell me how
mad would you been if I pulled a prank
like if this was a prank on you all
right okay let me see it and then I'll
let you know
I don't do pranks anymore guys okay can
you wear that uh red hair to bed
oh my gosh yeah yeah this scary thing
I've ever seen in my entire life
oh my god I got to scare you really
freaking kick his off huh
they like the redder here's the point of
this whole thing had I done that as a
prank
it would have been dude you got shot in
face I'm not kidding girlfriend kills
Roman Atwood and prank gone wrong in the
hood that's so scary
no but you guys saw our flamethrower
vlog where we talked about whether a
zombie apocalypse is scarier than a
clown apocalypse and I think everybody
agreed that the clown apocalypse would
be 10 times more scarier than zombies I
don't know what it is people freak out
over clowns like legit and we went to
the Halloween store yesterday in the
hole like there was more clowns than
anything else so I think think there's a
big clown push right now like
something's going on if you made it this
far on the vlog guys I'm excited to tell
you that we are packing up and we are
headed out for a big clap all week gonna
be fun exciting vlogs I know I've been
making just home vlogs in what we do
which is great but we're gonna turn it
up a notch and hit it hard all week with
some crazy stuff so get ready I love you
thanks for being here we are gonna pack
our stuff get ready to head out and tell
me in today's comment zombies or clowns
you tell me which one you would be more
scared of zombies or clowns because
that's the two big like popular things
right now we love you guys
you are beautiful you're one of a kind
don't forget when you're down stare to
clown smile
she's still on the frame yeah you gotta
go you gotta do it no you get it out you
got experience that bird
