guys welcome to the vlog we are in the
beautiful Dallas Texas we are ready to
go but today what the heck is that if
Britney had a dream she was on top of a
giant pepperoni pizza that is what that
is oh oh
doing it this come here you said a
chicken giant pepperoni
oh so guys welcome to Dallas today's an
exciting day and I'm about to show you
why it's gonna be very exciting and
you're gonna see why I'm so excited
today's the day for it to be your day it
really is this really is
it's like mark okay so we'll leave our
stuff yeah let's go I left myself you
left it
I left it I don't leaving my stuff here
we go oh I even left my key inside hey
guys hey guys if you know me which most
of you do then you know I'm gonna bow to
flip out where we're going right now
we're in Dallas Texas but you're even
excited and you don't even ever do these
things I like to crash this thing you
like to crash you do like yes this is
one vehicle fousey can crash in
everybody's okay with it so let's go
today I was invited to a very special
place look at the gate boom you got semi
trucks with our C's on them holy crap hi
guys quick story this is damron and you
are this is the reason I have so many
RCS this guy no matter where I'm at I'll
be like yo I need an RC next-day air
boom next there there
carry Narcisse fun that's what we're all
about so we wanna make sure you keep
having fun with it look at these yeah
yeah we have them yup - and stop it out
come on back - - in stock right now look
this is a truck going across water no
I'm so excited sure I have to get one
picture
I'm going to freak out let's do it
so these are actual RC parts these
aren't like this isn't art like this is
actually RC parts and the floor this
right there that's good they're all
different
that's hilarious all right so we're
warping out of what I didn't realize was
such a massive warehouse they have a
huge building they got toys set up for
us they got ramps look at this what up
guys I think I know what I got to get
for the house now we do this every
weekend it like an HRA demos for crowds
but we want to teach you how to jump
like this today let's do it
they set us up today look at this you
guys know I have this and put it through
day I mean I put kids on this thing dude
are you ready for fousey to break every
single are crashing amazing everything I
thought everything so honest guys
usually on tour we don't get a lot of us
time like we don't get a lot of time to
go do something fun so this is huge guys
thank you so much for letting us happen
and being here thank you for coming up
this is a blast
now I'm gonna I'm gonna ease into it
who's that that person look at that that
was a pretty good trick man well it's
like floppy so when you go up yeah break
is gonna bring the nose down and
throttles gonna bring the nose off got
it yeah it's just like a dirt bike got
it got it
I got it Roma check me out I love you so
like I said I was excited and now you
guys probably know why I'm excited I
love our seas and this is like the
biggest playground you could ever come
to oh my god oh oh oh he still lands on
his wheels this is four seas right idea
here okay you don't made a landing so
good is that the body blue on you blew
the body off I got too excited
what no purple to Hainan they go just as
fast and you go to show how fast you go
oh my god ding that makes DJ ice sports
balls with like tile
that is insane
it is literally painful that we have
less than an hour here on this location
but we are going to do what we really
came here to do and that is hydroplane a
truck and RC that goes so fast that it
doesn't sink
what's the kayak for that's for a /
retrieval we get doesn't quite make it
all the way across the pond
we've got floaties though so hopefully
that won't have awesome whoa look in the
water just in case
guys this is something I've always
wanted to try for you in the vlogs but
I've never understood actually how to do
it so they're gonna do it right now for
us they're gonna take this truck and
drive it across that pond it really
doesn't make much sense
but I love the idea going going across
and he's gonna turn it around and get a
bond of water water he's gonna shout out
that's awesome daddy I'm so excited
about this I don't even know if kids get
this excited about RC stuff as I do but
I am living it right now this is like
the highlight of my day we're ready
first attempt no way I'm just driving it
like it oh she's down look what did you
do I broke my toy make sure you have a
good head of speed but right when you
hit the water
just punch full wood does it look like
you were popping up a lot of water yeah
it's my time they're gonna let me almost
you gotta be little you gotta you too
much throttle will pull a wheelie you
can't turn cuz your front tires right so
you got to kind of lock chuck it all
means about that assume you guys don't
trust me to do it hey you can be you can
give it a try is it still going guys
ready to do it Roman
back that out oh my god let's back up
how great is it nowadays that you can
sink a truck in the water and it's still
good that's his his was underwater
okay let's even get further yeah I'm
gonna get further than Roman Roman
didn't do anything easy
why easy there's a huge part of me that
has so much relief right now that I'm
sorry Thomas I was already to like guys
what I was showing you is what not to do
is going do it again can I go again
don't do that I got this I know what I
did wrong come on Roman you got this Oh
God hey you say in it oh you're going
now turn Danny turn sant√© keep turning
keep turning keep turning Roman keep
turning yeah
yeah off the bank I am so happy that
just gotta try one more time I got to
try one more time that was incredible
the first guy that's ever done that
whole circuit No Wow
Oman it was so fun you drove it back out
I don't think we've ever driven it back
out here before this first time what
what do you mean nobody's ever drove it
back out what's what what are you
supposed to do with it people just go
out the car hits it like looks over
nobody's ever just driven it out yeah
that's awesome thank you so satisfying
to do something that's not supposed to
happen you're supposed to be I'll Drive
a truck across the water so it's fun -
see all you have to do is hit the water
and you beat your last record here we go
more speed more speed more speed there
you go there you go come back come back
come on back oh he's going baby you
still did awesome like really good I
thought I was going on
thank you guys so friggin much thank you
for coming out dude
amazing thanks for that hydroplane
lesson hopefully you guys are able to
try the trick definitely is the paddle
tires they put floaties inside the body
but they still work even if they go
underwater that's just what they do so
that I'll have to fetch it underwater
yeah we're all about having fun
I couldn't needed that more man that's
like the break because we don't have a
day off three three shows in a row so
this is like a day off all in one thank
you guys well there you have it guys
nice and fun break from the typical tour
vlog into just fun and that dude I
really am like a kid when it comes to
toys like that I genuinely love my
reactions are genuine mind like I'm just
having fun I forgot everyone was like
it's so hot and for a minute I forgot it
was even hot out I was having so much
fun okay so before I left on tour I
actually got this right here you guys
have seen it in the vlogs I got it for
tour so I have something to play around
and swamp fits in a bag and I could take
it on tour but as you've seen in the
blogs cane fill so much in love with it
that I couldn't take it I left it with
cane so they are gifting me a brand new
on no way that is sick dude thank you so
much so we got more toys for tour toys
for tour yeah I think this tonight's a
great night just start a fight with a
man we don't like most of you know miss
Roman and that little torches right here
all night what whoo Showtime guys you
ready
nope oh here we go today you know we
should have probably offer
thank you sir thank you so much let's do
it let's do it
yeah
hey how are you my friend
alright nice to meet you in case you
don't know we are in Dallas Texas
completely sold-out show packed even our
guest list is packed it is full to the
rim very excite look at this the barber
so somehow Lucy got out of soundcheck
because he's doing his beard like I need
a beard trim wah ha ha
do a quick sound check here in and
continue oh I get some house light so I
can see this beautiful place right 3
stories so that well this is crazy
totally sold out we saw that who's who's
this that's your baby
Oh what I'm so angry
fine you could hear me how you get out
of going to sound check every night he
makes up some weird excuse every night
like I can't be there
should I get my beard trimmed up though
for real what do you think I'm not gonna
like Jenna I got you you got it yeah
cool come on make sure I get that done
we have a nice little taper yeah you'll
be good just not in the taper what would
I tape is you guys are talking about
fixing there's a lot yeah it'll be your
eighth note LLL make you'll give you
such a good look yeah ah you can't
polish a turd guys as I'm just gonna
tell you that I'm tightening it I'm
keeping it really happy with the cut
yeah three minutes still meet-and-greet
roaming the block is not better you're
tripping itit is better I just think it
looks better how many times you gonna
try them on until I see you tones better
me you're black it's your choice tonight
y'all I love that man that's beautiful
why are there different colors those
happen to be the colors that I'm using
during your talk oh cool
but I can make them white I'd make him
anything you want John he's got to go
sorry you know one day we're gonna get a
full conversation in I don't be in rush
all right every day John not having a
conversation let's go we gotta go
I wasn't talking crap dude I forgive me
please don't hurt me don't hurt me
that's too much
you know I'm going to accept this only
because I know you're just joking around
speciously I already forgot what I was
gonna tell you well you can't you crown
me dude you crown me you know what I'm a
con you is the king of my fans
this guy's got a pretty cool story so
you came from the hospital yes your
labor into tomorrow your wife's about to
have a baby and I'm here today just to
be y'all I'm skipping the show but I'm
getting to meet you on fresh manna to
mate yeah you got to pull it together
though can I do a shout-out to my cousin
Kendall are you in love with Texas and
also my daughter Serena I love you very
much without you I would never smile
more Oh
rock tonight man CBO class big girls
don't cry it's a dream to meet you so
this is the door at the vignettes like
this famous door where people come
through have sign and this one look at
this it's a real signature from Johnny
Cash apparently he's played here twice I
made sure to sign clearly over here on
my own lane right thank you guys for
letting us do that man Thank You Shelli
all right guys we just blazed through
this meet greet I didn't film a whole
lot of it today we were running a little
behind now they have convinced me to do
something what are you gonna do like to
me like as an outside I don't know much
about hair and I understand what else
you can do you're getting your first
your first taper let's go ahead and
taper get the taper guys how many of you
actually know what a taker is there we
go so here we are getting tapered
getting a taper paint job don't they
tell you shimmer are you sitting there
brushing your little beard we're losing
our minds guys were losing our minds
thanks for hanging out with us man
seriously I just showed I just showed
her the 1,000 block she's the first one
to ever see it did you like it hmm we
are I don't know if it self yeah by the
time you watch this I don't know if I've
uploaded it yet but uh the new 1000
video is coming so I look different I'm
sure you did a great job I mean huh oh
yes McLemore in the bed that's it
got my taper I'm uh it looks so much
better from the back it looks better
much better
here let me show you the back so you
understand what he did it's like blended
now sorry Brittany but this is this is a
taper right here I'm still gonna throw
this up oh you looking fresh now oh I
see what you mean though yeah it's just
clean it cleans the corners and the
edges yeah I get it I get it alright
guys so here we are getting ready for
the show I have a very very set of
special guests here that showed up in
Dallas just for the show my man
Alex Andrea what's up how are you give
me a hug bro nicely so good yeah I don't
like it you you enough and not not gonna
Dallas just to see I know
thank you sure one day yeah for one day
one day one day one day one day haha
very happy to see my man Alex it has
been too long yeah like it has like a
really long time oh I want to give a
special shout out to a man that was in a
meet and greet today and he came to me
with his son and he said the only thing
he asked for for Father's Day was
tickets to our show so him and his boy
could come to the show so thank you guys
so much for coming I absolutely love
that man we need more family love in
this world
so fathers and son I hope you had a good
time event
okay here we go here we go
Showtime Dallas let's have some fun
tonight to roll
I don't never be able to show you guys
how good this works what was the score
score I believe it was like I want to
say like 12 - 5 12 - 5 was killing
me 12 to 5 right at intermission he
yells all right Houston and we're in
Dallas all his points got deducted I'm
in the lead I will take it in Dallas you
know that meme that says that that
moment he knew he messed up my life just
shatters threw it out we do anything to
have it on film I dropped to my knees
all your points gone real all of them
she left you one boy oh oh the crowd
went crazy
they're so mad and they cheered for you
like crazy you milk that you were like
let's go Dali's yeah then it's mistakes
like that
when you're on stage come here that make
you wonder every time you're about to
shop the city whether you're in the
right city like it happens on the
monitor for the never had that happen we
just finished up our bathroom break and
we're in the port of LA we're in Dallas
uh-huh did you listen
there's a lot of people out there and
I'm really nervous you just took a big
you know number too soon as you yeah
that's it I'm good let's go let's go you
ready Dallas here we go
open that door
you ready you're going now
this is not part of the show and you're
next in the show are you guys alright
with that
all the kids okay so we don't normally
do this but if alex is up for the
challenge I would love for you to take
off that hat
here's the deal I don't want to cut your
hair
it's not long thank you yeah I know it's
a disappointment but I think I know
someone that does should I do it
do it
Oh
I'm gonna flip the screen up you ready
Oh
oh this is what I get for being friends
with Roman and
that's a wrap on Dallas gave my hat away
again
you destroyed on that one oh that was
bad no not the whole show the host
Navajo jump like mom you don't last bit
yeah I'm right there with a magazine in
the light whoa hey which winds get a job
look at that whoa oh you are getting
mean and clean and even the same human
being yeah I think maybe many people
think undercover now a lie good you look
good you probably feel the way I felt
when everyone was telling me this look
good big loved a pillow here man he came
out just to do everyone's hair and what
a convenience how convenient that you
needed a little touch-up tonight yeah uh
Andrea I can't believe I still can't
believe you guys did that why would you
do that Lucy's family everybody you know
you know what this means
that's the way there's gonna be a lot
more Bush pushing my spicy show is
wrapping up we're gonna go find some
dinner we really haven't eaten much
today and I got to start eating better
man on this roads especially traveling
so much I have no energy like I get weak
I need food here we go all right go
ahead Robin you ready this is about to
be crazy we were driving by the tour bus
whatever noisy as we are by the door
my god
Oh
like slow no we have grooves on the back
if you would like I would like to pay
for a car wash for you know it's hard
guys welcome to the tour have you ever
seen anything like that that was amazing
that was they were lit looked like a
zombie apocalypse yeah
lick your finger that the windows are
trying to open the toy and then when we
start driving off they're holding onto
the collar yeah that's crazy
da I'm sorry yo goodbye Dallas you have
been beautiful you ever stop what do you
mean just stop vlogging why I just
thought that's what I do
always vlogging she's done it I'm gonna
be 1000% with you guys I am so exhausted
my eyes everything is drain I am so beat
want to try to get this video done I
have a obviously the big special 1000
video going up today as you're watching
this it may be
now we're leaving Dallas right now
here's our bus about the leave man
I really I have really enjoyed today
like so much the RC stuff the show
everything was really good really really
good all right guys here is my little
bunk I guess you call it I got some ear
foam ear buds for tonight I don't know
why it just helps me sleep we got
outlets we got lights and this is my
spot man this is what is that dude
there's a TV remote in here my bunk is
the only bunk without a TV this is it
man this is my night I'm gonna sit in
here I'm gonna edit edit away it's 2
a.m. I got to get on a better eating
schedule I gotta get like sleep a couple
things real quick thank you guys so much
for being here especially during the
tour vlogs I always say this I know it's
not my typical being at home with the
family and the kids and doing what we
always do but this part of my life is
incredible man the thing I wish I wish I
could capture they're really teaching me
how powerful these vlogs are man and
then hoping you guys a lot and I will
never ever use my blogs for anything but
good man I'll always try to lift you
guys up always push you forward I will
always try to motivate you so get out
there and go get it man I love you guys
thanks for being here the 1000 block
celebration video is going up any time
keep your eye out and please give us
some love watch it tell me what you
think and
I love you guys double uploaded today
baby I'm not stopping I love you you're
beautiful
we were truly one-of-a-kind smile
we got word that there was going to be
some kind of crazy police thing
happening down here and it is crazy
there's cops everywhere
there is a guy with a gun like it is
legit crazy I gotta try to film it for
you i ice gun shots
are you kidding me you guys hear that
