welcome to the vlog guys today for the
first time ever we're gonna attempt
something that's never been done in this
family Noah versus vlog camera I love it
now here's all the starter note is going
out to a thing tonight with his best
friend own you guys know Owen and they
are gonna go out on their own
and they're gonna vlog yes I love it
I was actually nervous to ask you that's
this I don't want to say pressure but
like you're gonna be filming on your own
without me so it's just you that is
going to be happening tonight no is
gonna take a camera and just roll with
it and we just see what we get I have no
idea I'm not gonna be able to coach him
I'm not gonna be able to say film this
film that you're just gonna be on your
own what is that that's hilarious
yeah no it'll fit him or add you I got a
dude hey that's last man good boy boy
yeah you cook boy he does it by himself
huh yeah he knows how to get dressed
haha yeah rock and roll flash you don't
he's not smile and he's like what is
this you did all of me you look good
dude it has just been gloom and doom
here raining consistently for like two
days on and off that gloom and doom
gloom and doom my eyes warm I saw shapes
like this what so what if I always want
my sort shirts like this I'll be cool
right so you guys remember when we built
this building you were like what are we
gonna do with the upstairs we're talking
about may-maybe we put in like a guest
house or your guest apartment for people
to stay workout room a workout room we
were talking about all this cool stuff
like put some pinball machines up here
maybe the break rooms up here but now
I've never showed you guys this this is
what it looks like it is completely
packed to the rim with inventory this is
now where we house all our inventory for
small more and we thought this was gonna
be like this cool open area where we
could play goof off and it's just turned
into merch it's crazy not organized it
looks no it looks really good last time
I came up here you could barely walk
through here so this is nice good job
I actually feel like a business owner I
mean look we got our boxes these are for
our shipments we've got all our stuff
our folders our merch it's like legit
all right bugs I just can't believe like
where we've come from like we used to
have like a couple plastic containers
sitting in our kitchen of our old house
handwriting like one or two orders so
cool boxes it's cool I don't know
sometimes I film things that I want to
just see in the future and this is like
that moment where just creating a memory
of what we what we've got complex over
the time Oh get it Oh stack em high and
let them fly so yeah we didn't get the
bowling alley we talked about or the
arcade or the break room or the gym it's
just turned into our inventory which is
great but not as this fun
other than that welcome to the vlog guys
I am gonna go pick up something that I
have ordered and it's in so I can go get
it because tomorrow we're gonna go use
it yeah I guess I'm gonna take off it's
been nothing but rain so gotta make the
best of it gotta make the best of it
it's a frog hey guys
Oh what I'm spider-man did rain rain go
away come back another day next time I
see you yeah I gotta go I'm gonna go
pick up my stuff and have fun have fun
you all set all locked and loaded charge
battery SD card no Atwood vlogs excited
what some pointers that I could give you
right now um a nice intro definitely a
nice intro that's to start of your vlog
like hey hey guys you know what I mean
like that and then some type of path so
don't try to work like I do so much just
like a nice path you're in the car then
you're here then you're planning you you
just you know what you do your vlog all
right you do your blog but I love you
have fun tonight have fun with the Owen
in the camera it's gonna be cool I'm
excited I'm excited to see what you do
it I love it w buddy I'll see you later
I see hope I see hope and sunshine it's
gonna happen we're gonna get Sun look at
it over here the Independence Day stuff
guys we are up up she's yawning every
time there it is
we're on 15 vlogs in a row 15 vlogs in a
row why am I so excited about this
pathetic
it's nothing to be it's nothing to be
proud of like why am I so proud of that
I'm proud of you
that's the trailer we need right there
that that thing's Hugh right though it's
huge
I've never driven with a trailer do you
think I can handle it wait you mean
you'd actually drive put my seatbelt on
I just wait for the comments timecode
timecode put your seatbelt on you only
say hey I'm hiding my junk food yeah I'm
trying I'm trying to be better
this is good this is healthy snacks this
is good stuff party why didn't you ask
to share with me in it because I knew
you wouldn't want it not a bag of
broccoli thank you thank you thank you
guys for being here today we are on it's
Saturday for you it's Friday for us it's
just so so many phone calls they always
have to mean Lucky Charms all day I was
tryna show can't you're gone again all
day was trying to show Keane a rainbow
now I'm not with Cain and there's a
rainbow I looks like we're in close the
end you can never get to the rainbow
honey I hate to burst your bubble all
right so I'll make this next part quick
cuz I have been showing a lot of guns
and my last people are someone make this
part quick but I did order something I
want to show you guys but I'll make it
quick
I promise I promise like ramen make
quickie we'll make it a quickie first
things first this is a drum for that
semi-automatic shotgun you guys saw in
yesterday's vlog that we did the
slow-motion with imagine that full that
is ridiculous
this looks so ridiculous this is mine a
308 guys I was so excited so what we did
was we with my force ring so that it'll
be able to take the recoil okay optic is
probably better than me you the gun
everything put together you'll never be
able to shoot a little the optical out
but it'll do anything and everything
that you want to do with it I'm sure and
more came out very well
alright that tommy gun oh my awesome
that's insane I just I really can't
imagine like for the rest of the world
that watches these vlogs
honestly like 50% of my audience is in
the US the rest is all over the world
work
no guns there is no like I can't imagine
what you guys must think about our
lifestyle what we do is just you know I
don't know no no you sure you don't want
to go no I got your positive you know
this dinner even if I get your pizza
they'll just called me
my brother Dale just told me last minute
he's like yo I'm going up and you want
to go with me and I said yes so Brittany
is actually gonna drop me off and we're
gonna meet up and we're gonna go all
right Dale's here baby this is our
goodbye my I love you
sure picked a nice day for a picnic
well so much for seeing the light and
our beautiful rainbow is gone guys it is
just disgusting what's up brother can
actually say that with you what's up bro
bro what's up boys I heard you're
getting something fun tonight
you put on your head you walk into walls
dale has fallen head over heels he's
been suckered in are you really gonna
pull the trigger today it's been a while
since I've been this excited I have not
seen you want to just go buy something
like this ever
oh yeah like I'm between a rock and a
hard place but I got to do it don't just
carry socks in their pockets Conrad you
know he's what are you doing you told me
you've always wanted a pet mouse what
color do you want
they got red mice got black mice they
got blue mice you know what you really
need kids I know you're not gonna be
into it but a 10-foot power cable what
you think what do you think ten foot
power cable it's on me on the house that
is cool but you know what you need check
this out here it is this is what you
need a calculator what do you think you
have a calculator it's dark out away you
you need to pack a triple-a batteries
you already have batteries okay all
right all right uncle run the knows what
you need oh hello Munoz come here come
here you guys need some printer ink what
do you think for that new printer huh
working me
you can make ink well you don't need
your own ink if you can make your own e
great I follow me I know what you guys
need
come on now all about your very own
blank CD's huh make your own music
tracks maybe something fun for the movie
night yeah
Conrad's it you need them I knew it I
don't know who kids you are and you've
been following me around the store but I
like you you're alright alright look I
like both of you I'll find your parents
eventually okay I'll take you to your
parents oh are you satisfied
I'm Barry says hi your new man David it
was it was so it was such a big purchase
the credit card company just called me
to verify purchases the bottom line is
I'm slaving your house tonight and we're
just gonna play okay
Cleveland's lay okay better work is a
big investment it's more than just a toy
editing computer to run the gaming eye
gets kinda like this double-edged blade
it is you guys hear me preach us all the
time it takes money to make money
sometimes you gotta make
make more money Dale just upgraded his
editing computer first of all it just so
happens to run the new HTC Bob it was a
great coincidence it was just a
fantastic coincidence you needed it I
had that that's the thing I had to have
it I I can't make this whole because the
computer won't even edit the footage
that that's the thing the bottom line is
he didn't wanted he needed the guy so
there you go ma man what's up dude
nah mommy's here that's perfect time we
literally got here three minutes ago
five minutes maybe I could catch up from
the flies over I can what do you mean
man Gators are sitting watching vlogs
the entire time that's how we actually
get views on our Channel guys just the
kids watch the vlogs mandatory five
nights a week seven days we share our
old chair that your mom bought me when I
was about to deliver Kate that's right
to rock our little baby to sleep man let
me rock you one more time
come on let's relive those days listen
now we just beat you huh wait a second
you wouldn't let me rock you but you're
gonna let daddy almost sleep mommy you
know you can go back to reading your
novel
look at his pacifier yeah he's even got
a binky it's binky baby that binky dude
the truth is daddy rocks
paintin rock and pearl dude
it's my booboo baby you know I'm making
lights kind of hard to sit back and
watch you on up them you know just open
all this look at me look at this guy's
they'll did it no hesitation - I I was
so close to buying it last night I know
I know you were texting he was texting
me he's like we're going we're going in
last minute he stayed and edited one of
his video so I'm proud of you for that
that takes
I forgot I even had a video that I like
I was so excited to leave yeah I'm like
I got my shoes on my kids come on let's
go and then like I know crap I got I got
a video to edit up but we got it
patients this is really cool and I know
Noah went with Owen tonight which he
took the vlog camera
I hope he's getting some but I have no
idea what he's for if he even filmed I
still have no idea so he's having fun
but I know you have no noah idea I have
no idea what he's doing
once he finds out you got this he is
gonna live don't tell him
no he's gonna be here all day don't tell
me today I got the vibe and honestly
I'll probably never see him again even
dude even if I got one of these which my
kids are begging me for I'd have to have
you come set it all up anyway I might as
well just have him come over here and
play you're gonna have to visit me in
virtual space you got the VR and the
pool and my kids are never gonna come
home we didn't we doing in there honey
I'm sure you can Betty Kane's very first
VR experience can imagine the games when
he's my age can you see these they won't
be games they'll be different life yeah
you'll just live different people yeah I
know it's like I know I know that's how
you look at this button right here
yeah that's your laser I know he's doing
not cool
is itcool make a balloon
alrighty ke we are at the party sorry I
didn't film the car ride is no hard for
you to dark
yeah like nothing cuz up yeah it was a
to exciting um what the party we're
trying to find the laser tag that we
can't find it but we're quite awake of
course the first thing we come to is a
playset or it's surrounded in water
where our feet are so feminine yes that
grass it just looks like super green
grass but it's really wet soaked so yeah
if we find the laser tagging utley film
that ok guys I got a I got nachos I
think I just got nacho cheese on the
camera nacho cheese camera the laser
tags almost tears are setting it up
they're blowing up all the stuff that's
needed favorite piece of grass found it
we found another one it's so nice look
at Timmy's oh you need he's hooking his
hairstyle I mean like no one else can be
Bally okay we just realized that there's
a huge slide at this playset that we
were just at huge something like build
action yes look at this ah oh it's my
favorite oh man look at that let's go
down no okay
thanks so much fun time of my life and
we just thought I'd drop my iPod in the
water oh my gosh look at all that corn
eggs okay we made it we're line yeah
what a couple
yes I win I'm so out of breath oh my
gosh you wanna get yeah we have five
minutes left
all right guys its current day I
actually had to extend this vlog because
Noah spent the night at Owens and I had
to wait to get his footage this morning
so here's the thing
you know you're addicted to your iPhone
or your phone when you're in the shower
with your phone this is insane
are you seriously on your phone it's
sometimes I talk to you guys about maybe
just ten minutes a day setting your
phone down and doing something with your
family your friend you don't supposed to
have your cell phone in the shower it
should be though this would be the
perfect time this would be the perfect
time to not be on your phone it's like
it wouldn't you get the toaster you want
the toaster ridiculous hey mom hey how
are you nice to see ya yeah how's
everything on yes some new shades you
just got to say good job buddy you
really logged you did it and you did
good
really was it fun did you like it yeah
definitely I found your favorite piece
of grass you found a huge slide yes you
won Laser Tag huge shout out to Noah for
taking his camera and vlogging for the
first time ever that's exciting to me I
don't know why I liked it I I had fun
watching it
everybody please show some love to Noah
and I've seen actually for a while a lot
of people saying let Noah take a camera
so it was a fun experiment and I think
we both enjoyed it he had a good time so
maybe we'll do that again sometime thank
you guys so much for being here today
thank you for watching a little bit
longer vlog for you today a big please
please smash that like button for for my
boy for giving that a try as cool we
will see you tomorrow we love you you're
beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
second okay really wanted to fill his
car but it's all metal on it
