welcome to the vlog guys we are all
packed up I'm headed to tour I'm trying
to take this thing but I have no bag for
it so hopefully the airport just checks
I've absolutely no idea what to do with
doesn't fit in any bags it's huge
weight I feel like you can't take it I'm
taking it I'm taking it it's coming with
me anyway guys what's up I hope you're
having a great day I'm leaving in case
you don't know I'm leaving for tour
today it is a long trip I'm gone for a
long time for me it's a long time away
from home we're pretty much packed up
here I give away hats during the shows
I've got the drone and all my gadgets in
their little getaway bag and this has to
go someone's not happy with you I know I
hate that he knows he's too smart he's
too smart
I love the zhuzh I love you baby that's
freaking sad dude I hate that my kids
don't even look at me like that when I
leave like he knows so here we go guys
I'm on the move in his tour time round 2
round 3 kind of what are you doing dude
playing cars yeah I love you so much
buddy I'll see you soon okay all right
I actually have an idea I think the
booster board will fit in this boat box
just in case you know let me check I'm
gonna take this out let's put this
somewhere these guys sent me this board
just for tour and if I don't get it on
tour I'm gonna freak
Wow so check this out
oh my gosh is meant to be it's like so
perfect detail perfect this is
okay RC lingo operon
yeah okay I'm out of here the stores
running even when I'm not home
everybody's working everything running
good you sure
Oh catching up everything's I just be
honest with me
hey see you guys I love you baby okay
you hold this fort down all right you
have to you is Zeus you gotta protect
mommy if I take care of Mommy
well buchen over here hi you know your
little rock
bye keV thanks dude Bobo's it's Bobo's
my bad
Bubba's cane picks names for people and
then it's it's for life oh it's Ryan put
all this stuff in the back
Oh booster boring nothing but problems I
really can't complain Ohio has been love
me like some of the best weather we've
had in a long time let's try this again
I'll just pile it on yeah yeah did you
bring your camera no you're so smart
I'll cover it I'll cover it I got you I
got you guys I told you you're set you
said you better let that battery charge
Morrison will you better remind me to
grab it oh no my fault
Jimmy's my fault he's my fault this
relationship
and now it's done raining just like that
goodbye Columbus we out of here have a
feeling Texas is going to teach me what
it's really like to be hot outside like
I've been complaining all week how hot
it is here and then I think Texas is
gonna make realize it's not that high I
am such a freakin idiot I did not pack
my laptop charger that means no vlogs
for this entire tour I did not bring
what I'm trying to get you can't just go
buy one no I can't
I seriously if we gotta left I have a
checklist of everything I need I don't
know how I forgot I brought everything I
brought things that I'll never use on
this entire trip but I forgot one thing
I have to have mercy busy just text me
and since I didn't bring my drone I
don't feel so bad now Brittany's gonna
actually come in the airport thanks for
bringing me up Brittany's gonna help me
carry stuff and whoa what's going on
here
you got it there baby
good I'll get the RC boat oh I feel like
you're going with me right now this is
terrible so many emotions right now
leaving my home without anybody just me
little old me headed to the airport
traveling with my RC boat box it always
really kicks in when I'm on my flight I
got my earbuds in I'm just listening to
my music I get real like soft I turned
into a softy
drama need you drop that what's up did
thought you'd already be here no nice
hat yeah no just this this nice little
she's about this tall little chick you
know you might know her like Britt or
something like little Brit yes Amy dis
oh yeah
I like her I like her she gave me one
dude yeah yeah
where'd she go Britt even checking me in
and everything seemed lost but that you
guys have no idea how lost and without
hell she's always helping me everything
I do on a daily basis I'm so lost
yeah oh man yeah pretty cool DJ is my
security on this tour and he is from
Columbus - so we get to fly out together
which is great thanks for doing security
while I was gone til you got him to me
yes she took care of me man everything's
been great gonna bust a couple people up
okay
I love you so much
I love you so much I will be thinking
about you too much you are our patron
arms
it's not like this girl is such a
distraction to my mind she overrides my
brain and no matter where I'm at no
matter what I'm doing she's taking over
my mind so please stop it I love you so
much
purple Save
love you I love you oh hi guys hi hi
babe
bye baby bye baby
all right man let the journey begin
Houston Texas
it's been a good run guys I honestly
feel like I was just settling in at home
man between the monster trucks the the
GTR stuff get my dad the court that I
was just starting to settle in it was a
heck of a break man
heck of a break now it is time for a new
adventure another adventure and that is
travel lots of travel what do you guys
want to see man what do you want to see
I know that these tour blogs get a
little repetitious Brittany will be
vlogging like crazy so that will help
but what do you guys want to see the
most up Columbus I will see you soon
that right there equals follow screwed
that's what that does is it and I just
follow
bleep moly we have made it to Houston
Texas guys dang it's warm my board made
it which is awesome it looks like it
almost didn't make it like the board's
getting frosty DJ it's getting soon we
go for it alright got to bounce over to
up Best Buy to get two things one a
charger for my phone like a mopey
charger because I can't live without it
my phone is dead so fast into a power
charger for my laptop how do you know
which one
nice a big one right they all the same
price different ah
it's to find out the small ones
this is mine for sure ah makes me so
bummed never forgot this it was this guy
always that nice here yeah oh my gosh
are you are you on a red side of the
blue side you want team red or Team Blue
welcome to my hotel we just split we've
been waiting on the car to bring my
vlogging right back cuz I left him in
the car and the DJ was like did you
check all your bags I love the hats guys
thank you thank you copy me it was in my
best buy bag the entire time so welcome
back and I was like a split second for
you guys but I was in pancha my heart
was pounding I am like my head is not
mentally here today I'm gonna be
completely honest with you I just I was
opening my boosted board RC boat box and
I just realized I didn't bring my power
cable for it I did not bring the charger
for the freakin booster board it's just
one of the days when you want to catch
some rays now I got this awesome board
that's charged with no charger ah
that being said before we go out to
dinner and meet up with the crew I want
to show you guys something that my son
Noah sent to me on the airplane today I
was flying I had my music on I mean just
look just look at me I mean I'm really
into it I'm like really into it here
right with a map like my emotional point
where I got like my music on and I'm
like I'm being so thankful looking out
these clouds I get a text from my son
Noah this text this text floored me man
like it hit me so hard and I felt so
just to read this text just spend one
second read this text please so so I
actually posted this to Twitter but this
is a text from my son Noah and honestly
just read it
first of all that could be the greatest
text I've ever received in my entire
life and at the time that I received it
it was just like overwhelming like it
was too much for me to handle and I just
felt so proud as a father and to have a
son that's 11 years old and he's he's
texting me like that it's just I feel so
blessed and thankful to have my sons and
Noah you might hear out the addition
that is you leave me speechless man
thank you so much buddy what if I prank
phousi by taking his charger make him
believe he forgot his that's evil I
could even do that Pablo hey what's up
dude
you miss us oh yeah I missed you I mean
every day I was like oh not most of the
day
hi we brought our board guess what I
just got to my room and realized I
didn't bring my charger for this don't
lie I swear I get everything I'm gonna
need your charger too man oh whoa these
are gonna make tore fun because I can
actually show you guys the new cities
and different places we go and just
cruise around watch out no you all right
look at him have you ever skateboarding
in your life are you ready let's do it
you ready ready he's safe though please
his new wrecks everything he touches
yeah but I don't want to wreck this I
have a wreck all right red light let's
go let's go let's go let's go let's go
green light red light
hope you guys are having a truly amazing
day man pick yourself up things can
always get so much worse we were so
fortunate to have what you have right
now man people that love you people that
care about you always outweighs the
negativity man
we've been driving this holds on I
haven't looked at my phone once I have
no idea where we're at what why is there
not a path
why is there no bad what are we going
dude I got it this is so weird
waiting like sitting in the middle the
road yeah what's up that's good
come on us hey are they really going to
test this battery out tonight man for
real this is crazy
just like catch cars
I will a jet lost my I'm lost
don't drop my phone dude flan drop my
phone I just bought a case at best fired
for that phone and it's not on the phone
right now I'm kind of kicking myself my
head's been really off today my mind my
thinking everything's been off today
I've forgotten a lot of things I've just
been a little weird today so let's keep
pushing forward just keep swimming now I
think it's back that way now yeah what
if it doesn't work we'll call it all
right
we're fishing guys really failing here
maybe because I haven't eaten in like a
day can do it no you don't have the
biking sitting on that app I've never
seen two adults this lost in a city with
a phone right here it's saying turn
there's no turn now there's no turn
yeah you're not allowed to go there oh
it might be oh they're so mad they were
mad
like an experienced writer
are you dying it's dead no how far do we
have to point to Milo no it's not our
night bro it's just not our night what'd
you just call Coughlin uber let me hold
your left hand and then you ride you
drag yeah is it a little bit we go you
got in yes I go man
I guess we got called over dude I found
me you got where's my phone where's my
phone yeah you can skate there I get a
name it
Roman all right thanks for getting us
man and then you'll push that you know
your pond - yeah you're fine
we made it here Mediterranean Grill
Mediterranean this is all you you have
this right here is called the laughing
Oh laughing and that is falafel falafel
yeah what is it
just try it
okay don't make that me it's like a
brownie little movies they like them
hey it's Dre maybe depends on how much
so somewhat a mas home oh yeah how much
yeah oh yeah
so here's a crazy thing do you see their
door last night in the middle of the
night somebody busted it's all glass
they broke the door and tried to break
in here so now it's like 100 degrees in
here
I hate thieves man I'm just gonna say
this right now
good call amazing Wow look at that
it looks like art doesn't even look like
food that's art yo you got to say the
prayer before you start eating you gonna
do it you're gonna do it so if you don't
know what to say I'm gonna tell you we
can after me clear my catarrh on you
okay say drama tequila nama tequila
malacara Barca Targa auricle King Balak
coochie al-ameen bother me my king got a
yi ching chong ching chong kham you just
got pranked alright guys I am back in my
hotel room thank you for even being here
right now today has been a weird vlog it
really has it's been weird I do feel
better I have eaten a lot of food too
much food I feel I got energy though I
feel a lot better so I want to in this
vlog with some fun I want I'm gonna lift
it up because I know today's vlog has
been weird it's been strange so I want
to lift it up on a put a smile on your
face I want to challenge you you guys
may remember a game that me Brittany
knowing Kane played we actually played
his team's it was me and Noah and
Brittany and Kane and that game was
piano tiles Brittany and Kane beat me I
know and they got to pie us in the face
they are back they wanted to sponsor us
again and show you piano tiles 2 not
just piano tiles 2 but all the new stuff
you can do so here we go I'm gonna
challenge you you better send me your
screenshots and see if you can beat me I
completely know that you can beat me but
I wish Noah and Kate cane is so good at
this game and Noah is even better they
are crazy at this game I'm not that
great I've been sitting practicing this
should be nothing right you guys can
beat me I'm playing blue stone alley
which is one of the new songs I've only
got five seventy that's my best score
are you ready let's do this
boom
I wish Cain and Noah was here because
they would stomp the score I'm gonna
skip him through I want to see who's the
best at Vienna tiles dear dude I know
one person's watching right now with the
biggest score I want to see the
screenshots tweet them to me
I will be favoriting them I think these
are like crazy hard I get so crazy I
made it oh dude okay I did beat myself
you guys gonna beat this so bad 6:19
super fun game super fun game to kill
time to sit in my hotel room like trying
to think of what's a vlog trying to get
a good enough score that I'm not
embarrassed to show you guys you know
the drill I will put the link for this
game in the top of the description you
guys must have really liked it the first
time I put it in the vlogs because they
have come back and they want to do it
again so please go check out the game
play the game show me your screenshots I
want to see the highest number like I
know you're gonna beat me
maybe I want to see like the biggest
screenshot I want to see you holding
your I want to see like your face with
the phone with the points not like a
Google image I want to see you with your
score I think that would be amazing
thank you guys in advance for checking
out the game and I just having fun with
them and just have fun it's all about
having fun that's what this is about I
think it's time to sign off man I really
had a weird day crazy day
I'm here safe though my family safe
everybody's happy and they feel good so
I am very thankful right now no matter
how weird today was it is ending with
everyone feeling good and happy so I
hope you were happy I hope you are
feeling good keep your head up stay
positive keep pushing forward I was
flying today and I left it was gray it
was rainy and then I just thought as
long as you keep pushing forward as long
as you keep moving up you will hit the
sunshine man that is you right now keep
moving up I love you guys so much we'll
see you tomorrow let's get on track
let's make some fun vlogs
I'm not even talking about today let's
see movin up
thank you guys you're beautiful you're
one of a kind tell me in the comments
also today what do you want to see on
these tour vlogs because I know they get
repetitious give me some advice I love
you guys we'll see you tomorrow semana
all right guys here we go first time
ever driving a real RC boat like this is
legit oh my god see that look at that
little duck over there
