I know wait on you dude
waiting on you let's go you're ready to
go e flash is ready to get off my couch
ah
you ready ride with us
yeah we're riding with you everybody's
riding together every buddy's riding
together my driving are you driving
I brought the try so I'm driving three
perfect
I'm good I can drive Oh No I have been
drinking today
water ha ha I love you buddy
I'll be right back
bye bye sure I'll be back ok I love you
we have just jumped out of our house
weird one ever since last week or so I
put the HTC the VR headset in the vlog
these guys have been freaking out no are
you excited
he has been like literally since last
night he's at 3 o'clock yet is it 3
o'clock it is it cuz we're gonna leave
it three o'clock Dale actually got off
work a little early today dude which is
amazing I told the boss I said Roman
needs me I'm going and I just walked out
or the boss I walked out Dale is the
ball I walked out on my job look at
yourself in the mirror and you're like I
gotta go I am gonna show these guys the
VR I know that's not credibly exciting
for you guys cuz it's way fun when you
have it on but that's what we're doing
right now and it's beautiful look at
this nothing but raining taillights guys
ready to have some fun guys are so
exciting so happy the future is gonna be
awesome the best hey future has arrived
What's Up Kids these are these are gonna
be your test subjects you like it any
pace definitely not good to have any
kids reach right there is this stuff
glued together
oh you guys are in heaven you guys are
in heaven right go to your right just
wait just a little bit give it a hurry
it's kind of down pick that button you
got it I guarantee you got it whoa took
a dinner he needs one Oh our trainers
place and he has I mean just the coolest
stuff this is like every console ever
made a lot of you guys probably won't
even know what some of these all are the
Sega Master System I'm not gonna lie I
don't even know what that is I'm seeing
that I remember Sega Saturn Dale and I
played Tomb Raider and was that fighting
a Virtua Fighter and the desk the dragon
II play around with Crazy Taxi I
remember that game this really tests our
age here guys what's the NeoGeo you guys
remember that one regular playstation
panasonic real I don't remember that
here's the real bad boy right there man
so much time spent on such a simple
system you know games in here the goal
this was so good there it is right there
probably the most time spent right there
Goldeneye multiplayer look at the
facility level I'll do - these are like
become collectors items now guys like
just the empty boxes cost a lot of money
you get like 40 50 bucks out of an empty
box Super Bowl
Kraig there's a classic and sit down
there this is all dentist equipment I'm
gonna take take one of them teeth out
which one you want which one you don't
want just in case you hate going to the
dentist and nowadays imagine going to
the dentist back in the day this looks
so scary all of this stuff imagine this
is where you weren't like how do you get
any work done here that you can there's
too many toys there's too many fun
things there was a part of me that was
like can I bring the kids here now that
I have two kids you I realize it's set
up for kids it's it's just a big
playground you going in buddy
does that fit I'll see you on the other
side
so this is what Noah's looking at right
now I never done this before he's so
excited you're gonna all right sue
teleport what you doing do what you what
you doing what do you think so far but
you can teleport just oh I got a new
game you gotta wear the headset and then
I get to push you from behind
oh that's the new game cuz you're you're
literally you're really on the edge of a
real cliff guys like for real look at
that look look look look his feet are
like they're this is insane guys guys
good did you have fun yes you did
turn that frown upside down they're mad
about leaving they didn't want to leave
nobody wanted to leave in fact how much
time we just ate up in there what did
you think dude this is that the future
or what my days after summer really
narrowed it down there I was like
where's he going with this
let's do cover yeah even we don't get
you just want to look around yeah every
time I use a box on the show probably
Naugle around but I man if you guys are
in what is that what you want to do yes
please go to the store yeah my weight
tell him something I was holding my iPod
trying to like hold the little thing to
pick it up oh it's like I'm in the game
still oh my gosh say goodbye to the
beautiful city
goodbye City
alright boys pay attention pay attention
there's cars there's traffic there's
police it has almost rained a solid day
completely all day well yeah to Ohio
Ohio Ohio wait this is the flat like the
silver wait that's the old one no I know
in the cameras is different all right
guys you can't you can't get the VR
headset but you can get a new
refrigerator I'm out of here you're on
your own survival
Zuse it's me okay hi Zeus ah baby it
really fits carry over you scared me but
I didn't get it on film Kane I got the
solution to all our problems guys I've
almost switched my house to an xbox only
house because of their dag on
controllers PS fortresses they're always
dead our controllers are always dead so
Kane look what I got us a charging
station open it open it Hey look man did
you really miss me
battered he's easy easy easy easy
oh my god
sit sit good boy good boy hi Suze I see
you too so once again guys here we are
following day current day how are you
hope you're great we are um last night
we notice Seuss uh was licking his leg
like he wouldn't stop licking his foot
on let me show them this is nasty so
Zeus Scott it looks like just a collar
straight right yeah get that neo juice
we're putting you under surgery okay
you're going under surgery
doesn't seem to mind too much but last
night he was definitely feeling it and
uh we've had it wrapped and we've kept
like basically like a neosporin or some
type of like healing Aid on it that's a
good boy good boys these country dogs
man they play hard this get Zeus I
almost call him Kane cuz he's crazy he's
like you crazy Kane scissors
what did scissors I'm just running with
the whole roll come here come here Zeus
I need you oh oh he doesn't care about
his foot problem with big dogs like they
don't care like Zeus has been injured
before he just doesn't stop buddy how
are you
that's a good boy we gonna get you fixed
you got three days of rest no work we're
gonna give you a doctor's excuse no more
working Zeus I think he's gonna be all
right buddy poor doggy
you're all right tough guy pain you're
lonely girl oh my girl
hey get it muscle man Randy Savage
come on Limpy come on lips tur guys I am
going to wrap up once again another
short vlog for you I'm gonna be honest
the more I'm on track with uploading
every day I don't know if this is 13
months 13 12 the more that I do that the
less content I am having so when I take
off a day or something like I want to
ask you a serious question right now
this is me being very serious when I
usually take off a day a week I usually
use that day to prepare my next six days
of like what are we going to do like yes
we're going to vlog normally but we're
going to add something that spices up
the vlog so not saying I can't do that
uploading every day my goal is to upload
every day plus spice it up but I have
noticed right now that my content isn't
very exciting but I am uploading every
day would you rather me take a little
time to make the vlogs funner and more
spicy or do you not care and you just
want me to upload every day because my
goal is regardless to upload every day I
mean that is my ultimate goal
sometimes I need a day to just like make
them better like what can we do tomorrow
that's gonna enhance them make them fun
make them gonna make them great you know
a little bit of family a little bit of
fun a little bit of excitement you guys
know who I am and how I work you know I
don't have to explain it but it is a
question do you guys even mind should
probably ask this at the beginning of
the vlog because a lot of people that
watch only the first half may have a
different opinion than you watching
right now because I know you're here no
matter what and you're gonna be like
just stop blood just stop love how you
feelin buddy huh I think you're gonna be
all right you're gonna live look at my
yard plane throwing napalm action we
love you guys we gotta go we'll see you
tomorrow we love you so much thank you
for watching thank you for everything we
will see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
we will now attempt the impossible the
perfect couples photo are you ready are
you ready for this challenge that's it
the doclet you're on dark I don't know
about that
all caught on camera
