look at me look at me oh yes yes yes yes
yes look at this drift it's like up see
the back it's amazing
hey guys welcome to the vlog we're
starting today exactly where we left off
yesterday and yesterday's current day
vlog and Brit is about well I just want
to say bye actually I don't really need
to explain but she's going to get Berger
to make a bunch of chili tonight Oh
homemade chili after playing in the snow
all day love it but that's it just you
bring bring you back I love you see in
like 10 minutes
I need something so wait in the back of
this no you're good keeping that full
wheel okay we got the driveway all
plowed today look at this look at these
drifts come from the driveway so fun we
should dig a tunnel through that you
just got a ramp over this whoa whoa what
did he do plow it boom Go Go I love you
dude look at this one no look at this
one back here you should try that you
should try to dig through it like start
at the bottom and dig through a cane
probably good no you can come on HAMP
yeah I don't know what to do out here
this is weird
oh you know what I want to do real bad
these drifts are sitting right in front
of that garage the x3 is right there so
we just plow through it blushy he is
this dog has had so much fun today in
these drifts so donkey and flash when
they're outside they have a heated
bucket they have two of them one of them
is up at the house and it's so cold out
that the top is actually frozen and the
water staying warm it's crazy
how's it fly okay yeah are you jumping
in do it oh okay oh yeah he's gonna just
gonna roll off just roll off this roll
oh you got a run in parkour over the
rail you got it
yeah there you go Kane I don't know
where they get this crate this kind of
actions from I just don't know it's not
like you
alright Kane let Noah jump bond you mean
how you get over it like jumping a fence
like you're running you're running from
three dogs right now and they can't get
over the fence you got it that's your
only safe
/ the fit here they come those are
coming the dogs are coming Oh dogs ate
you you're dead dead dead dead let me
show you how to survive three dogs all
right
you come back here here's a funny true
story if I think I've said it in the
vlog before actually this dish was on
this house when we bought the house
we've actually never had cable here so
this has just been sitting here this
whole time huh
true story do it King all right I'm
gonna get the x3 out and I'm gonna plow
these drifts looks fun up on our Hills
we have these giant drifts I'm gonna
take you guys out there fine I try to
just film our day today man everything
like I usually just record kind of the
highlights of what we're doing as a
family but today I try just picked this
camera which is hard because my
batteries die fast tired and I get phone
calls so let's just see let's just see
what's so important I'm number don't
answer this country just pulled up hope
you brought them swimming trunks get
that snow dance on Barbie hanging out
kids are digging tunnels you really wish
me everything man I wish for snow we got
it ask for a Spanish friend I got one
okay so it's a bundle up damn we're
gonna pretty much play outside all day
gonna get her look at it's ready for
that snow I talk about like it's a
living thing you know everyone's show up
my brother just got here with his kids
hooking wraps up tubes up to the quads
and we're just gonna we're gonna play
Wow here we go here we go boys there we
go get that drift
just pull out through it I love it
the snow dog the snow we still have
named it shouldn't a name be by the way
Dale's here my brother finally up coming
to play little Keys hater
Conrad's ready to party little canes
hopping in he brought his quad yeah
let's go
everybody get snowballs Chase is coming
oh yeah get ready to destroy kids he's a
maniac get him get him get him
welcome to the house I totally just had
this watch detailed it we got to uh
gonna fall out our sleds to blow up the
zippers they can get to thumb fill them
up Oh
can't even add air to these that's just
what you want to start with right now
that's it I do a string boarding you
know the kids are on inner tubes you
just want to get on inner tube because
this have you ever been on a snowboard
no perfect let's strap him up dude yeah
I got some snow skis at home we could oh
that would be fun yeah you were
snowboarders you skier like me huh I
know the whole ski inverse snowboarding
thing I like both on I actually do both
I'm way better skier but we're gonna go
soon and I'm gonna try snowboarding for
the whole trip and just see what happens
come on em em we're over here oh my gosh
come on already on my second battery
today and this one's already half gone
dude it's gonna be hard to film out here
all day I need like a little jacket for
it lithium-ion batteries aren't even
rated under 60 degrees if you want to
like wrap it that might help actually
he's gonna eat it I believe you're right
oh yeah
I'm seriously so happy right now look at
this there's some like random ice I have
no idea it's just a peep oh yeah hey
welcome back I can't see anything when I
take these goggles off it's so bright my
ears are cold I need ya okay what we
plan Chile's on yes
I'll be ready soon I got it on the stove
country's gonna try snowboarding over
here how chases best advice snowboard
you got it yeah we're off to a good
start
we're off to a good start I don't try to
steer then he trips me jump forward yes
yo damn jail you might want to just push
you in the grass Park busy yeah why
don't you start up on top of the hill
and come down he's got it he's got it
first ever attempt good luck buddy hey
you're already doing good use your hips
use the hips it's all up oh yeah you're
doing good
that's great there you go there you go
it's doing good actually
nice and slow steady oh you got it no
boarding is like the whole concept of
you have to crawl before you walk it's
like it's definitely a learning curve I
hopped on skis and learned skis
instantly I was like you know I can ski
snowboarding I've been many many times I
still don't feel super comfortable like
I couldn't just hit any Hill I want on a
snowboard it's definitely to me harder
of the two but I don't know everybody
has different abilities and skills y'all
playing with fire right now well I guess
it's ice I know it's only like an inch
deep or two inches deep but it's not
very thick I guess it is that's what
everyone says before they go through
there's a kid I used to love breaking
ice and with waterproof boots it's only
two inches deep you just break through
and get your boots wet it's so fun oh I
just came in to smell it I just want to
smell the chili oh it's the witch's
still reeling that you're in here
hanging out I see all my cameras awful
right now wait what is that
and you're in here killing those chips
his camo drone let's throw it up
all right you ready all right slide in
three 6180
you're gonna make some tricks I mean
that's hard I wouldn't land even if I
had to live
yeah yeah just watch the trick you got
this
let's see it boy off the hot tub down
the steps is like a scene from home
alone right here
see yeah that's awesome
so I'm not even making this stuff in the
last clip to this clip has been about
two hours and I have been pulling these
monsters the whole time
oh my gosh you guys having fun I said
are you guys having fun that's a little
better
Noah's been airborne twice like full-on
did you went way up so flat
so obviously it's been a great snowed oh
we must have just popped it cuz it was
just fine well it took a beating here
I'll pull you up to the garage before it
gets too flat look at this thing it is
packed full of snow holy crap you can't
even see the toho look look at the
inside look at the - holy smokes
our pond looks like some weird like I
don't know our hole where we cut in is
just gone there's nothing there we have
no idea if it's even it's pretty thick
though am I ready to get in it sure does
look inviting doesn't it it's the
hottest pond in the world right yeah
it's pretty strong ice chunks go
everything's got Brian get off oh you're
about to go through there yep melted
gone actually yeah you were about oh
that's just the top layer no it ain't
that's the whole pawn row no that's the
top layer oh yeah this is where we
drilled yeah oh we still got our square
yeah I can just kick it out yeah he said
he wanted to don't be backing out now
yeah you need to just hop off the ice
I'm telling you it's not thick oh my
well it's 20 feet of water under you 20
feet of water we should drill it oh my
god how many likes does it take to get
you to dip in the pond 2 billion that's
doable it's in range we already did it
you'll put your finger in it well you're
ahead of mommy that's more than she's
done no country has decided that today
because of you guys letting him know
that he didn't do it the night we did it
he's gonna do it right now prove
everybody wrong he can do it I bet that
ponds way colder tonight oh really
ice is ice for it it's about 30 degrees
where's the where's the turkey cooker
what are you trying to say my ice wasn't
cold is that what you're trying to say
why even bring that subject up if you
think that much but ice we started to
change salt ice we'd have to change all
ice today we just kicked it so we're
racing daylight it's starting to get
dark out which stinks for camera but we
did it at night the other night was fine
we just use flashlights but I think we
can beat it
we can do this oh man yo it doesn't
count the Frodo thing all the way in so
hope in the front you to say because you
know when a water hits this problem it
just speaks it's gonna be me you could
turn into afro sickle get that hot tub
ready flash do not do this at home class
well the best thing for climbing out of
ice is knowing that you can run up and
get go a hot
oh no we making that snow trail to the
pond
getting ready to climb into one of the
most inviting looking items I've ever
seen
it makes me run faster you got that snow
fro girl y'all have you should get that
wet man well if you get the fro wet any
final words thoughts you don't want
standing in shorts it's intimidating up
here is dating you guys weren't on one
of the hottest days why you talk you
going now
are you wearing the fro or the fro gotta
go with the fro you know hey it's got to
be all the way under that's how we all
the way under I can hear your heartbeat
boom boo-boom boo-boom boo-boom is there
a solid hole that you can get down it's
nothing like hit his head on some ice
come up like yeah break all that out all
that water looks cold that water looks
so cool what truth is yo this water is
85 degrees that's whack that's hot
that's wax that looks like ice it's
pretty cool pretty cool little ya know
on uragan when you're ready your feet
are gonna stick to the dock no they
won't
this right here is the cannonball path
anything in that way could get knocked
over or hit when he shoots out can you
take care of my shorts dude I can't even
see you that froze so big well you need
a haircut
no this is cold
your hair well I told you that ice is
colder you're gonna be a man and go down
all slow the whole time don't be a man
today Roman soldier any any last words
look at me look at me like this shake ya
like you gotta save the fro was it
frozen look at all the smoke from his
body Oh flash come on flash touch yo
your face was the greatest thing I ever
seen dude you look like you couldn't
find the ladder doing yo you're missing
your doom man it's already frozen he
heard the greatest part of the whole
thing was when he went under and he
comes up telling me that is no joke on
under ice it is crazy
so the ice reads 32 point three degrees
today the day we got in was thirty-one
point four so technically it was colder
when we got in the water but it was
warmer in the air
today's colder in the air does he make
sense honestly but yeah that's it okay
so we're coming back inside
oh look she got onto the carpet she's
getting four-wheel drive my princess you
won't go in here
see DD she's starting to be able to get
on the carpet but not really so if you
watched yesterday's vlog you may have
noticed that we forgot literally forgot
to do our push-ups not because we don't
want to we we forgot I saw the comments
I was like so
I got my team here whoever is ready to
do 18 push-ups get down on the floor
I see everybody rushing we just ate up a
bunch of chilies so everybody's like I
don't want to do it come on Princess
come on you gonna you gonna run into
country you're gonna run into she's
getting the turning down she's starting
to back up there you go baby
flash is knocked out down there Cora
Cora Cora she will not look at me
slow down boy you're gonna blow
something out this boy's on it man yeah
what spitting that by weight ship him
off to Kane we're gonna send him to send
me back to the heat Kane why did you rip
it all right on your back no all my
knees wow you actually can yeah okay
first of all you guys better get down
and do them with us 18 tomorrow's 19 and
we add one a day so let's do if I got to
do it you gotta do it here we go Kane
there's no way can you lay on my back
and still sit okay ready 18 Hey three
yeah that's pretty good 4 5 6 7 8 10 11
12 13 14 15
she's like what are they decided me 18
yeah that's it for today good job I
filmed you the whole time and no one
else that's beautiful
guys do them with us do what you can if
you can do one pushup start with that
tomorrow you do to just add one a day
that's all we're doing tomorrow is 19 we
just did 19 20
I've lost track I just did 8 I knew that
it's mas night all right guys we are
going to end our vlog right there for
today thank you so much for hanging out
not bad for two videos today we shot a
current day vlog which was yesterday's
vlog and now today's vlog so I'm pretty
happy about that we kept the streak
going thanks for hanging out whoo thanks
for hanging out with us guys we will see
you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're a one-of-a-kind smile more don't
forget
you
