welcome to the floor guys today is the
demo I mean we've been doing this a
couple times but today's a day today's
the day we promise to get the flames
around burn some stuff light some stuff
up have some fun do the live stream all
today I got to get a bunch of gas I
guess to start we just need to fill a
bunch of these hope you're having such a
good day man we've got such a beautiful
day every time I do a live stream I'm a
little worried because maybe it's gonna
rain outside then I can't even do the
live stream so it's always odds it's
good to have sunshine man you know why
we enjoy the Sun because of the rain
just like we take good days for granted
if we never had a bad day bad days are
what make good days so special let's do
this I don't even really know what I'm
doing today like I had all this time to
prep it and I tried to get all these
cool things a lot of things fell through
my manager said they're illegal so we're
gonna make the best we're gonna still
make this a lot of fun and we got a
couple experiments that should be cool
and let's just roll let's go let's let's
do this this looks like an appropriate
place to start
it is almost Halloween already guys this
year is burning up so fast I hope you're
using your time wisely I figure maybe we
can find some like zombies scarecrows
something cool to roast is it bad that
I'm coming in here just to burn things
these are great look at this it's like a
life-size clown yeah another famous idea
though univille army as long as ever
she's thinking like some life-sized some
lifes does he get it done guys Halloween
is changing man what is this why why is
there a zombie baby sucking a human hand
Oh what is going on with these babies no
I can only assume that he stole this off
a human right you ought imagine imagine
this guy on fire like this is terrible
I read a bunch of your comments you guys
to do helium balloons like apparently
those will combust are there big
explosions what about this clown holding
the balloons out my yard that's pretty
creepy this is good I love this guy
ah it's a big dude thank you to those
guys hooked us up with those two
we got a clown and a zombie you guys
scene is gonna be so ridiculous the
craziest part is that a flamethrower
only lasts like a minute like you fill
it up takes a little while to fill up
because the nozzle is so small and it
lasts like a minute so it's you know it
is what it is getting some helium and
balloons I think we should like dress
the clown up did you like a party hat
needs a party we all need party hats
kazoo kazoo do you know what we're using
this for just I said we're gonna suck
the healing we're gonna actually blow
balloons
completely opposite of both of those
things we have a flamethrower and we're
gonna shoot the balloons I'm only glad
my 17 year old doesn't know where you're
doing that misses Swamigal danger
caution warning choking has it's got it
all this contains gas under pressure may
explode if heated we're gonna heat it
alright let's try this again man I'm not
gonna make a mess this time I promise I
got this I got this somebody bigger well
there's no fast way to do this man like
the nozzle doesn't fit in the jug this
hole is too small for this you have to
drizzle it in if you go too fast this
fills up
so you have to you just have to be so
patient wait
patience my friend patience dude you got
the ground all wet you're covered
you're soaked in diesel dude well it's
kind of good I can't make it when I came
here this week I did the same exact
thing my sneakers are served somebody's
gotta be able to answer why a gas can
why is the nozzle fitnah gas cannon not
a diesel can it's still a mystery to me
I never understood it right I just
answered my own question I feel like
such an idiot these diesel pumps over
here have smaller nozzles those
apparently over there are for semi
trucks which have bigger holes I feel so
dumb but I learned something today I
never have to do that again alright we
got tons and tons of fuel dude yes time
is ticking guys we're getting close we
I'm going to pick up my little man my
boy Noah and if we're gonna do this
we're going home we're setting up all
the props we're going to light up the
sky I'm excited man I'm nervous too
because I don't I don't know what to
expect especially since I'm trying to do
it live on my livestream so it's like
how entertaining is it going to be live
versus you know vlog where I have a
chance to cut it make it more exciting
make it more fun when I'm live it's like
it's just raw and uncut so there's dead
spots there's especially since you're
used to my vlogs I cut quicker than I
wouldn't like why there's no cutting so
it's just raw so it's always interesting
it's always fun it's it's experimental
it's you know just try new stuff oh I
like it too
I like it I got no time for these
Hollywood people I'd rather give time to
my face
rather chill with these women that like
you for money but I rather chill with my
fam yeah em we gotta run him over you
better move it y'all ready to see some
fire Big John what's up baby
how'd your your grilling out how'd you
know we were cooking how'd you know what
is this uh I need some steaks to hang
stuff on the bird wait you said there
mistakes this is not what I thought it
was for Halloween we're slaying vampires
here uh we think pretty cool if you
don't like him that's good cuz we're
gonna torch him you don't like him Oh
any moves around Kane he moves around
like he shakes his body my brother
already came and hooked up the routers
and everything we need out here in the
yard this is probably where we should do
it like right here I'll just tear down
everything I've done back and then we'll
get started
no problem this is great maybe we torch
the router at the end
yeah just it kills the feed we must
torch the whole thing oh my god
Oh whoo whoo Eddie it is so a heavy
little man you wanna try to pick it up
come here I never seen a flame were you
about to we were all sick everybody's
been sick this week are you ready to
shoot this thing today are you yeah it's
up to them it's up to you guys we she
gave you a deal we're setting up we got
tons of cool stuff that dude is creepy
that's enough that looks like my prom
date though I mean I haven't seen her in
years she looks better than before me
she looks she's taller do ya I mean
you've done well Bernice Bernice burn of
coursing burn you boys are going inside
tonight I'm sorry you gotta go you got
to look at them they're like I'm ready
though I'm ready oh I'll just lay your
and watch I'll just lay here watch bus
you are so dirty flash what are you
doing now it actually does look like
your prom dude all right yeah Bernice
his dad came along more than that
not clever agree who agrees zombie
versus clown I would take a zombie
apocalypse over a clown Epoque likes any
day yeah how come
is not clown epochal is like well there
was that movie killer clowns from outer
space couldn't watch it as a kid they
killed people turned him into cotton
candy and suck their blood
oh my as a kid I was like why do they
need to be cotton candy I wish we could
say this Emily is deathly afraid they
have more yeah I know it's not the last
one this is worth it yeah that's not
worth it
he's laughing he's having a good time
brett-brett
we got a we got a pervert over here hey
you said I could come no okay
looks like a birthday party man fly whoo
so we really only have enough to do this
about three times I got one two three
those are safe okay
one for you you get whatever's left over
long as I get a pizza I don't care dude
I think I just came up with an idea
flamethrower verse GoPro like just hit
it like it'll be fine it will be fine
but it'll look cool that's fireproof
play and then you can hold it I'll just
write chest mount as long as you have
plastic goggles for my eyes I'm fine
your glasses are fun there's a glass
right better than plastic buh-buh-buh
FULFILLER up maybe um everyone range is
going hot
we're going hot wait that means dogs are
going oh yeah did she go going baby he
ain't gonna leave he ain't gonna leave
me come on that's loyalty
all right how we doing Noah we still
streaming okay we are live streaming and
vlogging at the same time this is where
it gets tricky for me because I can't
always remember which one that I'm
talking to and hanging out with
placement first we're done playing cam
flame cam I love it all right we're
fully ready to go Dale had the idea to
light our little bonfire pit to kind of
one things up out here it's a little
chilly so yeah yeah down if you're down
down with the clown on you yes Mercer
Sharon you don't want to do it no you're
really not gonna shoot it you have to
the world is waiting you ever still use
deals are meant to be broken there we go
oh that's not bonfire oh man all the
light in the camp
oh this black hammer just goes black I
know it's so bright
Oh what are you guys doing in here did
you see it yeah are you doing glow
sticks and balloons
sounds like a party to me so at 700,000
viewers right now shoot it that's not
eight just kidding really at 200 the
other night I was live-streaming and one
of you guys gave me this idea I think
your name was Brian Sorel Sorrell I hope
I hope that's it Brian you came up with
an idea to fill a trash can full of
popcorn right oh yeah that's a ton of
popcorn dude what the whole store is all
they have so the idea here is just raw
popcorn kernels that we're gonna try to
heat the can up I think that's too deep
though is the problem right or we need
to raise this off the ground I don't
think it's a problem at all yeah just
nuke it up uh yeah I think we are gonna
pick it up off the ground but I don't
think it's an issue I think just pop now
we're gonna empty it all into the I
ain't sure what it is yeah close yeah
this is a big fail he missed it
oh I think you heard him he's hurt he's
hurt dude I think you went through his
fate yeah real deftly went through his
face dude he should be dead he should be
but here he's a zombie you can't kill
him get in the head though not but it
nap you guys got a stand come on Zeus
come on these dogs just want to hang out
with us so bad what is that here
hey gotta go out of you know we are now
gonna attempt to fill a dumpster
trashcan aluminum trashcan with popcorn
kernels light the can with the
flamethrower and see if popcorn will
actually pop out of the can I have no
idea if it'll work it probably takes an
extreme amount of heat to get through
that can but we got all this popcorn
we've got an aluminum trashcan which is
just I think this is it mama good news
I'm also gonna plant thumb so next
season you'll be able to harvest your
own pot that's real nice dude nice
alright we ready I'm ready ready for
this
all right let's start chucking so this
guys this will be 80 pounds III 2 pounds
each
80 pounds of popcorn in this trash can I
cannot wait to see if this works we're
like sick jump 1 1 6 John get it boy get
it
hey just toss it we'll get it guys don't
think this idsq
corny didn't get again if this works I'm
gonna be blown away open up our own
movie theater if this works
guys let's clean it look you don't want
to this oil ready we're gonna fill it
with some oil cholesterol free to buy
the world thank goodness today watching
my figure watching to get bigger you got
it you got it I'm filming a little
little corny shower now I definitely
want to eat it yeah
all right look out let's do it we're
dumping or watching oh it's so heavy oh
yeah oh oh I thought he was knocking it
over it's not reading you're funny
though honestly I think this I think
we're gonna make some popcorn
I think it I hope so today we're gonna
make some pop I really want to see some
popcorn tonight I wanted to be like
popping the lid off yeah yeah like oh
yeah we're gonna attempt to make popcorn
hey John come this way cuz the winds
going that way there we go what popcorn
2.0
dang
I think I hear it popping
to the left a little Roman alright this
way just a hair
clapping is flopping
you can hear it
it's working
and our game
it's were no it's on fire we've made
popcorn and now it's burning look at
that can its glowing red look at that
touch it dude touch it knowing it close
to it I have no hair on my face so do we
have we have a stick or something what
beep is here oh no or popcorn
oh well that can is glowing red light
here on my phone
ahh alright so I think the oil is
actually gonna boil down and start to
make popcorn we need more heat yeah it
started maybe get some firewood oh it
smells so good it's popping look you can
see kernels popping right there on top
we need more heat no there's one right
now there's more than one they're
popping right now we need another refill
I could not physically hold the
flamethrower another second my face I'm
pretty sure all the hair on my face is
gone you look great
it's so hot you should hit there's no
hair to begin with
Dale wants to attempt to continue
cooking popcorn he already started a
fire over here we're gonna attempt to
just set that right on top I mean we've
gone so far and the fact that there's 80
pounds of popcorn sitting in here on top
yeah you can sit well with me can't
waste it no we're gonna eat we need a
pop we eat in the night boys I got
hungry kids to feed
alright all man that's almost meant to
be on three it's meant to be three okay
I love it
you know you might need a little more
air in there in a pot it's gonna pop oh
that's a good idea man we got show off
it like it's hot pop it like it's hot oh
that light looks good keep that light on
ya got it I like that that's it done hey
my like that to the back of it I like
that
I can't we actually did pop some you
guys see it in there it almost smells
like it's burning though I know much not
enough will
young time to take other trash what this
is during the attempt to roast the
popcorn originally my yard is gone I
mean gone
it is ghost time I'm gonna let John take
out these two ghosts I think we should
John I think you should come over here
can't believe you ever shot this thing I
don't want to shoot I know you don't
know is ready not to you twelve son I
turned 12 in 20 days
haha not to use bows
it's from Willy Wonka the original Willy
Wonka you've said that before I'm out of
here but it locks the flame on so right
here
silver button in you look like a beach
now I won't do I'm not doing I'm not
doing it push and hold the silver button
up here and that'll lock it to finger
operation so we are live-streaming this
whole thing hold what okay so push the
when you push the red in uh-huh and
you'll hold this down and let go okay
yeah is this camera setup good cuz I did
hit it on X I don't know you're rolling
I think there's a lot switcher yeah we
got lazy we're here we go
gone let it go alright I get a second
one
do it how about a light but
huh what do you oh yeah you want to do
it you should take out the Cologne you
should take out the clown seriously you
don't have to put it on your back you
can set it down just pull the trigger
okay you'll do it
she's gonna do it no no hurt him don't
hurt him he's my friend
this thing's been going off and scaring
everybody all night it just goes off
Brits gonna take out the clown get him
get him get him
you went from not shooting it's and now
you want to shoot it with it on your bag
I mean let's just see if you can support
it all right let's see it I give you so
much credit where everyone on the
livestream is giving you hard saying you
can do it you got this oh she's got it
dad baby to him now that was awesome
keep keep going
that's so hard I shall just hard you did
so good
okay just push the red button you're off
completely off yeah she did interview
how'd that feel
ha ha eyebrows I mean you don't have any
eyebrows there's no eyebrows left not a
little makeup can't fix I'm kicking it
away did that make you feel like
incredibly powerful is that the head I
kicked your way into the light you just
got out you just got fired Ronnie Yasu
he lives it was less his I yeah I don't
hear you laughing now you punk you did
it even though we didn't even come close
to our 800 she did it I'm proud of you
good of you yeah
by the way we are also just about to hit
320,000 we've picked up 20,000 people in
the last 10 minutes and we're still not
done
we're not done what's the big deal we
got the big zombie oh and Clifford
Clifford's going down oh yeah no more
truck no more chop all right let's get
it John dude is it wait wait wait
there's a door here you have to kick
down got it you got to kick down the
door you gotta get in you gotta save the
little girl ready yeah go yeah let the
girl go more John she's geez all through
the leg oh it's no look no look no scope
it wasn't no scope actually what he said
is if you send another disco party he'll
rip his shirt off into a disco boy yes
what I heard 5 seconds 5 hold on wait
this compartment disco party
hey there was totally no disco I would
another one John his pants are down oh
yeah he's gotta have his pants up this
is a family show
Emily hey uh this goes on me just shake
a bunch of you want us to burn you ha ha
ha that was great he wants he does he
told me yesterday you shot your first
gun ever machine gun today you'll be
shooting your first flamethrower nice
let's get the GoPro on the zombie he's
got like a metal frame uh-huh I shut him
out this GoPro okay well I don't know
how to tell you this but this zombies
from the future dude he's got a GoPro
and he's mad I'm not gonna burn it might
computer chip survives help we come on
here's the deal if John holds the
flamethrower down there's a slim chance
we're gonna lose the GoPro what if he
just if you just torch torch torch it's
gonna be fine give it we want to kill
the zombie we don't they saw me without
killing the GoPro and you win the game
okay that's the game no game you kill
the zombie no you stand right next to it
to make sure everything's good have you
seen the movie aliens where ripley's
going oh I don't see going down to
destroy the ha that part - yeah alien is
that that's the best one ready destroy
the hive yeah hey wait I can hurt you
let me get the live stream in the
Perdition oh oh he's alive he's alive
he's a lot
keep it going Oh
look at his body wait wait wait stop
he's falling he's dying that's it no
he's government oh we got to get the
GoPro son plug where's my GoPro where is
it
dude it's still recording I'm not
kidding the light is on more keep it
keep it going here we go so hot it's
still recording dude oh dude that
thing's hot it's probably molten I know
I need to get my card up kick it out oh
it broke yeah you're picking my way oh
my god I think it's so good no it
stopped it's not recording anymore
you need a glove and you need to detach
the top looks likely that's
polycarbonate with a melting point of
roughly 500 we go here we go here we go
he looks /
problems oh my god it's like a bluing
memory card memory card looks good but
I'm saying your GoPro is done pull the
battery it's hot as fire hold the
battery maybe the battery cell burn up I
have to go proto-man he looks good I
mean you know what whoa the lens is on
fire it's not that hot inside here it is
we'll see if the footage is on there hey
she shut off it was recording in the
fire but I was still recording
it's like when I kicked it maybe I
stopped it that's what I'm hoping that'd
be great is that I killed it
extinguisher quick quick my GoPro good
it's still recording I'm not kidding the
light is on more MORE keep it keep it
going here look it's still recording
dude oh do that thing ha well this is
what's left that's what if you ever
wanted to know what's inside a zombie
that's it Oh holes oh you really got to
do is take out the support system and
they fall so no I asked if he could
shoot something so have at it boy
pull the bullet level you can get
old-school ones filled with water and
the best movies ever all the way oh it's
high pressure having a fun project we
should do it awesome it's already out so
nails got a crazy idea like most of his
ideas we're gonna dump the popcorn out
onto the ground and use the last of our
torch the very last bit of our torch and
see if we get any popcorn I'm ready I
want to make this a real video where we
actually try to do it over a fire you're
just gonna put it in the rubble yeah
you're gonna do all of it yeah I'll eat
it
John will take care I got it Oh doesn't
look like that much try the light in
here today well you made a little
popcorn oh it's awesome let's make some
popcorn boys
you wanted popcorn you got popcorn dude
you're just killing the crew here
popping but I don't have the cord my
camera is so dead it's a splashing red
forever
it's almost out it's almost out there is
it now we're all done you can hang out
again with me this dog has to be like
give me anywhere as long as his eyes are
on me if I'm around the corner he has to
come around the corner I think I just
blew a bubble up my nose it's really
strange like he can go out all the way
out in the yard as long as he can
visually see me he's fine as soon as I
go around the corner he flies he's like
full speed and then if you got food I
make friends guys thank you so much for
hanging out today man I had a good like
I don't know how it translates because I
was live-streaming my brother Dale
helped me out so much if you watch a
stream you know he took it a lot was
talking to guys too that I couldn't
block so hopefully it's a nice mix
between the live and the vlog and I
didn't take too much away from either
one thank you guys for being here thank
you for watching the stream and we will
see you tomorrow for another day I don't
know what we're doing I just really got
tired I'm gonna add this stuff and say
goodnight thank you we love you your
beautiful smile mwah yeah girl get it
yeah
