welcome to the vlog Brittany call
Guinness World Records column why you
don't know she don't know she you don't
know eating in today 8 blogs guys this
is our a vlog and a raw we are going for
a record
whoo I did I didn't you know I I think
no I don't know like 9 10 maybe at the
best I didn't think I could ever do this
I want to thank you know my parents my
family my kids I want to thank what was
my ultimate in a big be my best well
you're part of this so like we're
thanking worth day like you know I mean
my ultimate record was like 550 vlogs
right 550 without mr. today 550 blogs
that's that's pretty crazy now we're at
eight eight and I'm proud of that I'm
actually proud of it guys um Todd out
here for vlogger anyway we got a fun day
planned today my manager John is in town
this week and John has never ever ever
shot a gun of any kind never shot a gun
see you guys know when I have friends in
town that I've never shot guns I like to
take them to the range that's like a
very fun place to go it's educational
it's safe it's a fun place to shoot your
first gun ever so I'm taking and we're
meeting him there right now to shoot his
first gun and you guys know I'm not just
gonna let him shoot a gun like it's
gonna be like fully automatic machine
gun let's get the app does out yeah he's
gonna be ready yeah yeah know if I have
a pointy hat got your which outfit on
are you not supposed to put the barrel
on your hand or when eyes words when I
pull these out of the case just behind
at this yes this shows that this is
cleared okay so that means no round
chambers no John have you ever held have
you ever held a gun in your life never
not even touched one no I don't even
think I've ever been this close to a gun
before
let alone yes it's Eddie Jon just held
his very first gun and he's gonna do
some shooting today which is gonna be
awesome and apparently he has another
surprise for us that he didn't even tell
me about I don't know what I'm starting
uh let's start something a little
smaller what do you mean it's just small
look
Brittney's is like stylish glasses look
at those how you feelin like good you
feel you are you nervous no I'm excited
awesome she brought her own gun that she
owns and she just wants to poke around
says you're gonna be just doing the
thing if you are uncomfortable with guns
in general I highly recommend going to
one of your local gun ranges and getting
comfortable holding it and shooting it
and this is the best place to do it safe
you've got good people helping you and
teaching you about the weapons it's just
it helps you understand and get
comfortable with it not be so scared of
it so and then if you're still scared
you
you yeah
line up your site so your sites between
line them up but among center and target
sweet
whoo you hit the red dude now I'm going
to go on all right so you can hold on
the trigger hold on the trigger just a
little bit you can burst
hold it down let me go I do all right
hi baby we got a trespasser get him the
more they have like drums magazines news
so fast it's time for the m16 oh this
war
yeah the big dog
yeah girl get it
yeah that thing was throwing you
everywhere so good
whoo all right man be honest with me
how's it feel I think I'm hooked
I seen you eyeballing like I want it
that was really fun
John John just had such a good job I
loved getting to see people experience
that like your first time is really a
something like I don't know
there's my little buddy he sees me he's
giving up their fun where's my little
dude check him out
thanks so happy ratio hey hey Zeus
what's up dude come on you found my salt
gun is in your room
I shouldn't uh I've been looking for
this for days good job man here you go
you just beat your score you got this oh
man the concentration oh I want to try
mommy you got to get in on this how'd
that can can beat you okay you got 16
and I have played this alright so don't
be mad if I beat you area you'll be
happy I played this level so I know a
little bit about it huh oh yeah whoo
yeah well you know this level I know I
know I've played it
that's cheating not cheating it's
preparation huh we go oh I just went to
the trees okay I've never been this far
I don't think I've ever been this far oh
oh oh this I'm a futuristic mode OOP 71
huh kami my meat it 79 said I don't know
what to do oh you got it you got it 87
boom-boom-boom-boom
yes good job this my victory hug this is
my victory a little monkey moon thing
yeah what did you're doing awesome oh
you know where to go what you're chewing
it oh I just took a piece out of it you
just choked the table oh you this is the
easy one that that's the one I just be
all right let's give Kayne another shot
all right I got a hundred because I've
played the game you gotta beat it I
never played this you you got to set the
bar for Caine right now what do I do
touch it there you go whoa that's it
Jing do eight percent
there you go
hoppity hoppity huh you go there you go
you got it you got it oh you're killing
it you're gonna beat your score can keep
going you just beat you just beat your
score there you go
stay on the track step aah 27:27
if you guys have played rolling schedule
probably already know all this but if
you haven't get the game it's totally
free it's extremely addictive in front
what is that one whoa super simple
controls tons of levels so many cool
features and settings it's like a it's
like a reflex Challenge game like it
will challenge you to the fullest speed
your reflexes you're just like a brain
builder whoa it's like butter bars or
those bars of butter getting you go to
the link in the top of the description
get this game it's for iPhone it's for
Android check it out see if you can be
actually what level can you be most of
you may have this game if you don't
check the game out and tell me what
level can you be 100% cuz it gets hard
fast I have only done the first level
completely if you want to fun sit down
fun actually
check this out guys and remember it's
totally free so it's just a fun game to
play
rolling sky baby alright that's your
first ever try this is guacamole go for
it it's so good go for it Hey nervous
dude you don't like it
know what we got going on here we said a
killer killer spaghetti Oh what you
think you get leftovers here oh yes
broccoli this dog will eat anything he
ate a frog earlier alive
like he was hopping and flash what a
cruel world we live in imagine you're
just a frog and you're hopping your
little way through the grass and all of
a sudden what is that against it a
broccoli leaf you know flash is a
garbage disposal and more but is there
we going to school tomorrow what what is
this meal prep meal prep do you hear
that part
yeah flasher just put four frogs in
there as we here's the next four meals
my name's clean I like play with Barbie
dolls my name is Pete and I like play
with little ponies so see my baby my big
old baby he's my Barbie boom bum bum bum
bum bum bum bum bum Smasher how did it
go
was it she's having a boy girl yeah pink
gun
Jeff's having a girl a girl her name's
Kira ah they already named her yeah I
extended this vlog just to go to this
baby shower this morning my best buddy
Jeff is having a friggin girl I thought
he's gonna have a boy I thought for sure
he was gonna have a boy like when you
went to Jordan you know she was having a
girl but you wore pink ahead of time
yeah we didn't make it to a reveal party
but you got a hot pocket
I actually planned on extending this
vlog way more and I was gonna go and
hang out with a bunch of people downtown
but I got to end this vlog guys to get
today started today's a big fun crazy
day I'm trying to get a car here so that
I can torch it with the uh the
flamethrower I'm trying to like get all
kinds of big stuff for you guys for
tomorrow's one so tomorrow will be fun
hopefully I don't even say that maybe
you guys I think it's boring I love you
guys I can't believe they're having a
girl Kira here are Kira Kira
Jeff's gonna be here tonight so we'll
talk to him about his new baby girl and
stuff I'm so excited for him wow you
guys know Jeff once you see him you'll
know exactly who I'm talking about I go
to kiss him he goes to bite me ready oh
I think he's successful too flash what
are you doing come on man he's so bad
he's crazy he's crazy you bit my lip we
love you guys if you have any
last-minute ideas for the flame thrower
hit me in the comments we will see you
tomorrow you are beautiful you're one of
a kind smile more yeah real life so
warrior
like there's a dog John here you gotta
do this dude y'all do there's something
coming at you what
