hey guys welcome to the vlog gotta start
today off with a a dude what's up
boom whoa gonna start today's vlog off
with a little love to some new friends
of mine I'm just gonna show it to you
many to talk about it let's go outside
hey you want to come with me ah I know
you just came in poopy but hey it's the
same star as yesterday's hahaha this
part we didn't do yesterday
oh you're Josh okay so I really want to
show you guys some we're just hanging
out goofing off you can go out with me
or not Oh nobody kicks my camera gets
away with it look at these two
it's a feisty house man anybody come out
with me you can hold me outside I'm
gonna show them this the new thing the
new thing okay you're gonna go so high
this time ready three two one hahaha
okay everyone go dirty this door is dude
okay so we got to show you guys this you
guys know I've wanted this for a long
time but I never got one because I never
go in because a lot of big vloggers have
them and I always try to stay in my own
you know my own thing my own lane but
these are too cool it's kind of like the
drunk thing you know I didn't get a drum
because all the vloggers were using
drones but I got a drum had some fun
with it I used a little bit more more
off camera than on camera but this is
another toy that I really really wanted
I'm sure it will add fun to our vlogs
into the kids into our life come on boy
flash is getting fast dude going down
the driveway fossils on festy could is
like left or right foot went bad his
face is starting look ha ha ha
yo nice art garden looks by the way man
so it's a good year burger boom there it
is man I'm so pumped I'll pick it up my
man what do you think ok quick story
behind this while we were on tour Lucy
and I were on tour we were talking about
getting something that we could we could
have bench around the cities and show
you guys give you an experience of the
places we visit we didn't have anything
so I got to give a huge warm thank you
for boosted they literally got us these
boards for tour and although we didn't
have them for the first set of tour
dates we now have them for the rest of
the tour so huge shout out to you guys
over at boost and forgetting these
boards and I also got to give another
thank you to KC nice that for making it
happen
KC really was the guy that connected me
to the emails and was like boom the
boards were here so big shout to boost
it in KC Tura making this happen man
this is another another huge thing for
our homes and our family pretty cool
push the trigger pull it forward and it
goes backwards a little to try and try
check this out man oh hey oh this is so
awesome
see ya
oh so fun guys there this thing is
awesome you'll give a shot
heck yeah it's it's that like real slow
right now so you not to worry about
going too fast
yeah Kane I think you could rock it yeah
cool I was getting it he's getting it do
it imagine a tennis ball are see almost
like the little bb-8 thing that was out
that you could drive around RC imagine a
tennis ball dude Zeus would go crazy you
ready come cheese sure sounds like
something start that's what you put on
for shoes okay here you go buddy
you skate on it like a skateboard it's
good practice for turning gain you can
right try it like that
dude that's a great looking outfit dude
there you go give it a little more juice
you got it oh he's flying he's fly
alright here's my next project I don't
hopefully I have the parts I got whole
bag of parts for this guy if you guys
don't remember
I completely trashed this car holy crap
that's so fast
you
oh dang the wheels go ah I think we're
still good
no you're not good at all you're not
good at all oh yeah at all I mean I blew
the back wheel off I smashed the wall
it's got holes in it he's gonna be busy
for a while so my goal today is to put
it back together I really want to put it
back together the reason I want to put
back together is because now I have
giant ramps to hit yeah look at this pin
oh my gosh they're not supposed to look
like that they're supposed to look like
they're supposed to look like this
to be perfectly honest man what I did to
this car is not that much is broken this
is bent this piece has been bent down
the shot suspension is snapped that
baby's hosed
this is snapped right here broke the
aluminum straight off right there it's
not that bad for what we did you
remember hitting out walking Hey Sears
when we got up I skip past a lot of this
cuz I know it's boring to just repair an
RC on the vlog but look at all my parts
I mean literally have everything that I
could ever need for this car every piece
of plastic foam this car actually has a
lip on the front which actually did the
stuff without the lip because during
rehearsal before I was filming I wrecked
and broke that thing in half so maybe
I'll put the new one on this they're
dead to ten
as we see if this works do it
alright guys here goes nothing I have
completely redone the entire back end
this is all brand new everything back
here just earring uh no joke does over a
hundred miles per hour not at 100 miles
per hour for an hour seat a hundred
miles per hour for real like you get in
a car you go 100 miles per hour its back
dude it is back all that ticking noise I
won't worry about that
what seemed like a few seconds took me
two solid hours took me two hours which
I'm proud to say I've rebuilt the car
like legit you guys know anything about
me I suck at that kind of stuff so I'm
proud of this I'm doing better I fix the
pinball machine this week my RC car I
cleaned the garage wait what was good
I'm doing good
why don't you fix a panel yes Fred yeah
Hoss today we all say two things in a
row I know dude I got to be completely
honest with you guys now I just spent
all that time fixing it I don't
necessarily want to rap it's almost
impossible for me to show you how fast
this car is so I'm just gonna do a
little Drive real quick
I want you to keep in mind there is no
this is not fast forward this is real
flat this you crazy something happened
it just stopped super super hot all the
wires are hot I'm sure this has nothing
to do with me touching this thing okay
well I'm figuring out the RC thing
yesterday I told you guys I was gonna
follow everybody to shared the blog
that's exactly what Noah's doing he's
sitting on my Twitter keep going that's
all okay so those are all the people we
just followed okay let's see if we can
refresh it okay so I'm literally trying
to show you guys it won't let us do any
more they're all blue that means we're
following all of them let's try a
different tweet see this one click on
retweets boom you just go down the list
literally there you go we just go down
the list we click every single one of
them and you know what I love you know
what I really love is when we go through
the list and there's already people that
I follow that you still share the videos
that is dedication man if you already
share the videos and I follow you that's
amazing okay keep following everybody on
that post just follow it to won't let
you follow any more be cool I'll be
right back buggies I'm sure a lot of you
guys are like where's Brittany why has
it Brittany been in the vlog during the
week Brittany works all day every single
day money out here in this la Warr store
even my mother who probably worked all
day today
did your work today like kittens exactly
all I came over here my mom even is here
to do orders uh every year these guys
are killing it yes stop for one second
and say hi they're trying to set a
record today they're trying to set how
many orders will you get done today
already
a thousand if you have ordered anything
from the small store everybody's working
all day even night they're working all
night tonight to try to get caught up
it's like a full exercise for you
running back and forth you gotta get the
air you remember when we see the orders
with the upper boards yeah this dude
with homewards you'd be so fast
unbelievable
she's the best you're good - you're good
- amber you mom you're great - thank you
guys for everything you have really
blown this place up I mean it's
next-level I don't even know how we keep
yeah just so you know the kids have been
perfect when you running away from you
the whole time
you gotta stop for a second hey keep up
this is the process man smile more what
is going on you guys look awesome
it's my trigger look at that guy what
are you guys doing I leave you alone for
my phone for one minute
oh my gosh see ya guys most of you
aren't new to this you know this is our
home this is our life this is what we do
we run the small more store all day we
run the blogs we run the family we just
really do our thing guys I hate to come
on here and in this vlog so abruptly I
know we were just hanging out out there
and now it's night time it is bedtime we
are beat 100% honest with you I'm lucky
I had any vlog today we have so much to
do here at the house that I'm just so
fortunate that I even have the footage I
have today and got to play around a
little bit with the kids on camera we
are booked we are overwhelmed here at
the house between not like you see the
smile more stuff you see the vlogs but
there's so much as business owners as
things we are doing behind the scenes it
is so hard sometimes to get a vlog out
so today I really thought there was
gonna be no vlog it wasn't until like
4:00
clock when I started filming so it was
very rough thank you as always for
always like I don't even need to explain
to you guys you're just always here
you're always awesome you're always
supportive thanks for all the smile more
orders man you guys are working so many
people there's so many people have jobs
because of you guys my mom came that I
Britney's big hustling I've been in
there's so much he's been in all day all
day didn't come in till tonight no I
literally came in like an hour going to
shower so thank you in advance
as always guys I know I don't have to
explain to you guys but sometimes I just
like to get it out in plus in 20 years
when I rewatched these vlogs I might be
like man do you remember when we used to
have a store where we were busy all day
and it's just crazy thank you guys for
everything we will see you tomorrow um I
know you rather of logged in no vlog so
that's what today is man I hope you
enjoyed it we will see you tomorrow your
B we do have a big day tomorrow a date
but also business there's a lot of
things we have to meet with the
accountant there's a lot of stuff but
yeah we'll have a vlog that's that's a
good thing so you guys are beautiful
you're one of a kind I hope that you use
us as motivation man you guys can do
whatever you want to do just do it the
best place to start is at the beginning
just start it and go don't expect it
overnight just do it do it because you
love it it'll happen any final words I
think you said it I mean I was gonna say
that exact same thing so tell me in the
comments right now what is it you want
to start what is it you want to start
doing right now today's gonna be your
start I love you guys you're beautiful
in one-of-a-kind smile
