rambamboo
are you ready to go bowling haha you
blue shoe you blew a
welcome to the vlog guys today is
incredible asking to go bowling for
weeks and weeks probably I'm getting
lightheaded probably before I even went
on tour he's been asking us to go
bowling almost every single day so today
we're taking a bowling he is excited
love it I'm so good at bowling push in
push push push there you go you got it
put day are you gonna beat me I think
you beat mommy last time you did beat me
last time you baby daddy may I beat you
that's true he remembers so we are off
the first half of this vlog is dedicated
to my boy Kane who's been asking us to
go bowling over and over and over and
every day we're like we can't today or
we can't and we just been making excuses
so today's it we going let's go let's go
first of all these are the actual shoes
I'm wearing today right here these
converse these are the bowling shoes
they just gave me if I bought bowling
shoes this is probably exactly what they
look like
like oh you style really mine see oh you
got the 70s classic guess what you get
to go first
you ready alright
every drop we go oh that's a good one
a little bump in it that's it come for
good ha ha you don't forget all right
let's get them this time clean them up
do it so are you gonna get a bumpy ball
oh I still turn bowling balls are
seriously the coolest look at that
that's a seven that's not having it you
don't even think about my hand it's
pretty sore
oh it's mommy's turn
I see you think she's gonna get them all
oh she goes huh you got the same as Cain
first ball always a strike you ready
yeah
it does count
same thing you guys got second ball
spare every time every single time never
mess up a near the sweetest nothing more
satisfying to spare the strike doesn't
matter it's the hug it's the hug you get
shoe okay not bad not bad
but these two here and your thumb in
there can you pick it up yes pain turn
thank goodness for them gutters huh oh
she got it uh
you earned it he did just like that
you just got it I missed it on camera
get over here I am so mad I was standing
there like if he gets this right now ah
you did it that's how you know I'm a bad
vlogger right there good blogger
captures the moments he wants to
remember and I just missed it Kane Kane
got a spare look okay there it is seven
spare we're gonna try for the first time
to bullet out the you got this you swing
it back real light and swing it in
there you go you just you just bull dude
what are you gonna do if you knock them
all over right now it's crawling oh oh
oh oh you managed to get a gutter even
with the bumpers congratulation got it
there you go
way better that time maybe two maybe
eight - there you go there you go oh you
did a little backspin how many think
you're gonna get
one I think you got more than one maybe
I think you're doing good
you got four hey go to the one it's all
about practice dude the more you
practice the better you get this makes
perfect right the person you didn't you
got zero now you got four
let's sit there you go back there you go
so much better
dude yesterday scores are in first game
Cain got a sixty one mommy got a hundred
that's good for you yeah even with
bumpers got a 115 I'll take it I'll take
it
we started two games we only got halfway
Cain was ready to call it it's the first
time he bowled without ramps I'm proud
of them
we're off now to get our truck which was
in for many things getting new tires for
the winter getting tuned up whatever
it's called all cheap where's Clifford I
don't see him
there's Clifford the Big Red truck had
the truck dropped off earlier I got
brand new tires on him look at this
everything good I got totaled out what
we got everything good you sure what's
fantastic I love you be careful that big
game what bye buddy I love
I'll miss you
by how do I say how do I explain how I'm
feeling right now guys like I guess the
best way for me to talk about it is no
matter how cool or exciting of a day I'm
having no matter what we're blowing up
no matter what we're doing nothing beats
this right here that peacefulness me and
my boy stopped and got some really good
healthy food huh
hey you want to see if these ducks want
some fries come here let's see them all
they do you see yeah the one mama ducks
smart she brought right over so yeah
guys welcome to my happiness here it is
you're witnessing it this is it this is
the moments right here when I was a
little kid my grandfather used to tell
me I often like not just one time he
told me that if you want to be
successful in life have children and the
more children you have the more
successful you'll be and as a kid I
never understood what he meant I never
understood how I would make more money
with more children I never understood
that it wasn't until I had my own
children that I realized success has
nothing to do with money Brett hey
like you can touch here there mommy
daddy give it to mama
that's a beautiful sunset cane whoo
there's the crazies there's the crazies
we are back home guys and I got to be
honest with you I just spent probably
the last three hours I'm not even making
this up probably two three hours give or
take either on a phone call or
livestream I did a live stream tonight
which was great and fun but it takes
away from what I do every day and that
is vlogging when I have meetings on
phone calls it is so difficult
I gotta have to explain to you guys when
anything I have to do outside of the
vlog he takes away from the vlog so I'm
coming to you right now we skip some
time it's completely dark out now and
Kane and I are gonna step this vlog up
into a monster truck
battle mayhem Derby right it's a battle
to the death Kane is silver I am blue
we're gonna tear this place apart
time for a little father-son challenge
we have a little advantage disadvantage
I'm like 50 and he's only four so my
experience level should be oh dude I
love this he just built this by himself
like completely haven't touched it so
what is this the first challenge you got
to go across all of that
oh well no you can't go that way you
have to start on the ground climb up on
that pillow and then go across run oh oh
good good so Kennedy's you got some
penalties we're working on yours daddy
so let's bonus slowness yes
this one's called and we're just making
these up as we go a tabletop challenge
here Eddie this is the drag table mommy
you have to film before you escape to
the bedroom you don't want to just draw
slow because you're frying those foam
yeah right at the end
you've got a lot of pockets and then let
go quick Oh we'll go that way yeah so
you don't the wall yeah cuz that walls
too close you should have just turned it
this way and then you can went into the
carpet
we need rag power okay go hey much of a
pop fall land it on your butt looks good
look awesome set go
I was looking at yours let's do it again
look at the wrong job okay level one is
the four stepper right there you got
land on your wheels do it oh yes
what are you supposed to go down um it
was that was perfect oh you're going for
the fast style
alright you landed on your feet that was
pretty awesome the first one to push
whoever onto the carpet when if you hit
the carpet you lose okay
I'm playing silver this time canes blue
today's set go
I did it I hit the carpet you rapped
over me
okay I have so much fun with you today
man I really needed that dude so much
well I think it's kind of late we will
oh my gosh she's lost his mind guys he's
lost his mind
we will see you guys tomorrow thank you
for everything you guys are everything
to us we love you we will see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
mommy's already better than me dude
she's already got it no no honey oh boy
back up go back
