I'm headed right now last minute this is
not how I wanted to start the vlog
actually I waited all day for this to
come I've been sitting I've been waitin
ups came nothing FedEx came nothing USPS
came nothing it is like eight minutes
before the post office closes and they
say hey we have it it's here which never
happens so luckily if I make it we're
getting the flamethrower today okay do
you know what a flamethrower is oh yeah
I have not been here forever guys you
remember when I used to hand deliver
every smile war package now they come to
our house every day yeah you get out
come on let's go dude oh that's a good
sign right
knock knock
Etha hey it's me what's up how are you
long time no see oh this is it yeah baby
what is it do you really want to know
yes what is it it's a flamethrower oh
you good bond we got so much mail look
at this so is a good thing we can so the
post office stayed open just for us
think like literally I called I'm like
what's going on like this never happens
why on today so we got it everything's
good we got lots of cool mail we should
open all this up tonight Kane do you
want to open all this today yeah tonight
not win today okay we can open it all
but is in this how much must all this on
my back oh you got it
whip dude cane this is crazy man
it's literally crazy eyes ass Hey look
canes already got his protective gear on
why did you get that what do you mean
why they sent it to me
well you can't turn down a gift like
this you don't say no you don't say no
to a gift like this yeah oh my gosh this
is like what oh uh there's a return
label I'm not even gonna have it near
the house okay take it like in the woods
that is some serious gear dude oh just
in case you don't know what's going on
right now a company has sent me a
flamethrower like a legit flamethrower
that shoots plane I don't know what that
is
that's it Oh napalm makes fuel thickener
you need some help muscles I'd like to
see ways Wow oh my gosh hmm
this might be a problem if these fill
today uh-oh run if you see all these
weights over here with me away friends
do like a workout class in the morning
oh my gosh
and even with it I can lift it girl
yes see now it's starting to look
complicated like what is all that number
pressure eh oh so because they can't
ship co2 tanks full we have to go try to
find a place that has the ability to
fill these with the time we have it's
getting late in the day
ah so you're calling rather right way
ahead of you he's already been called
yeah you're crazy if you think I'm doing
the summer and bright Brook my brother
is the only one it can figure this out
for me like I know it got my brother
Dale what's up buddy
dude as if you weren't cool enough you
had to go and get a flamethrower
hey you know on it's like the more bad
ideas I do the more companies reach out
they're like here's more about into the
Sun you can't compete without a
flamethrower
well that's next level I'm glad you're
doing it with me and we are racing time
we're racing the Sun we thought we did
find a place that hopefully will fill
these tanks then we got to get diesel
fuel a flame suit something flame proof
active protected we don't wanna burn our
hides off ice trust would say safety
first my kids still say safety
number-one priority like all the time
toy truck we're trying so bad for you
guys to get this thing up and just to
see it like I just want to see a shoe
obviously oh this is the worst news ever
I swear SATs 7 p.m. at 6:33 in my
clothes lately no
says 7 right there 10 to 7 it done
column not good not good guys no 10 to 7
right there
wait it's Monday I didn't close on
Monday Saturday Monday close yeah yeah
hurts that hurts that really hurts I
don't uh I'm on it
we gotta go to Google I'm on it alright
we've just hit in about 25 minutes in
another direction while they're open are
they really they're open it's a dive
shop though isn't it it's a dive
paintball skate shop they got an old man
skate cafe
yeah it's like everything skate paint
dive discover okay guys I think we're in
we might have hit the jackpot
we found a scuba shop they actually have
a skate shop they have all kinds of
stuff paintball-gun they were closed but
they actually are filling our tanks so
huge shout out to them guys man what's
this place called this is guys covered
I've discovered I've you could have
filled them all day but you fill them
while you were closed so thank you for
that we're not gonna know we got the
tanks full we got to go to one more
store and get supplies with things we
actually need to make this thing swerve
we are racing the sunshine guys I guess
if you're shooting fire though you want
it to be dark right anything goes
anything goes you can shoot in the
nighttime any hood anytime is a good
time to shoot a flamethrower
Karp diesel gas can funnels just feel
like this is the right thing to do yeah
yeah yeah lots of fire extinguishers
right lots of ice that's it right there
so on it's a nice one too I think we're
doing pretty good now like Ronald oh
we're moving what did you call me like
noon you're working oh I think I did
call you I don't know I don't know if a
fire see it's happening we just told out
nobody has where do you get a fart dumb
and dumber this thing doesn't even fit
in the diesel gas can doesn't even fit
hold it tight that thing really blows
out oh dude it's alright dude I told you
hold it tight I catch on fire oh my gosh
that's never gonna work aha don't want
it comes out as fat as that hole it
comes out everywhere how about a funnel
hope you guys are having an awesome day
I'm so excited to get home and make this
thing happen that that's not a bad idea
that's just gonna spray everywhere cram
it in the crayon hole
nope since when diesel look like fresh
lemonade
I know what the problem is this is the
bubble bath pump it is bubble bath dude
the kids would have a blast
lemon bubble bath in here terrible every
time I pull up to a pump and there's
fuel everywhere I'm like what were they
doing how do you spill pop yeah exactly
we just answered it every time it's this
that's exactly how idiot trying to fill
a diesel tank
all right I'm back we've got everything
I think that we need right he has been
living on that bike fill er up we're
gonna do two and a half gallons diesel
should we make a mark on the tank so we
know where we're at
yeah that's it looks like jelly
none of them have done that
oh no it's leaking bull oh he has never
fall for my chick actually I fall for
most of all it's the way you said it
nicely game even came to do it
I don't even want you to do it it's a
flamethrower it's been tested yeah these
things have been around since World War
one am i right all right now I'm
assuming we've done everything correct
is not much to it you plug it in you
screw it on you turn it on all that's
left is to pull that trigger I think I
think we're there oh that here cook the
deer tonight dude you're never gonna
shoot a dancing deer jerky we ready I'm
ready watch the gauge here we go
I'm gonna turn the cylinder and uh-oh
800 psi you guys imagine me out here
doing this without my brother Dale here
it never happened I've never done this
ever according to the instruction sheet
we're limited on hand so I'm gonna set
you guys down back here give this a try
I don't know it's expect
whoa that it's a mushroom car oh my yeah
it looks like there's a fire
I like the fireballs look that's sweet
shoot the ground spell your name what's
your kid's name already oh oh dude it's
amazing Wow insane well there it is look
at the camera dude that's insane insane
like one of the greatest things that is
one of the greatest things it's it's so
like satisfying now we just need to
build a dragon suit right yeah goes up
through the mouth yeah we chase the kids
to the are you sure you don't want to
try it okay peace out bow guys for the
time we had and we had one tank of gas
that's it eats about three gallons and
he said sixty seconds but I feel like we
got more than that yeah I think he meant
like it's like you just hold it
I think the co2 tank is out completely
and the fuels out we burned up
everything one tank one kill oh man oh
what that is they'll make a stop don't
breathe fully disconnected look at our
co2 tank oh my god it is insane it's
only frozen snow cones anyone haha
awesome like I don't even know what to
say help me
it's amazing how can you make a
flamethrower out of that very impressed
hmm unfortunately just keeps blowing out
our camera so I think daytime is gonna
look so much better we thought maybe
nighttime would look great because it's
fire not blows our cameras out you can't
see anything we didn't have to use a
fire extinguisher success dude thank you
I want to say goodbye you're gonna have
to bring it over my house that was
something fun and original I'd never
done before thank you for helping me I
would have never happened actually I
would have chickened out run away when I
was I was so nervous that thing just
blew my mind is awesome all right bye
see you tomorrow okay think of something
cool will it burn baby do something
crazy
and try to come up with something guys
that pretty much concludes our video for
today man thanks for hanging out with us
I'm so glad that went as smooth as I
hoped it would go the flamethrower was
amazing and I can't wait to actually get
it out in the daytime tomorrow I feel
like it's gonna look better it's going
to we're gonna actually get me to see it
on camera better and I don't know I
haven't even looked at the footage yet
from what I could see it wasn't what I
had envisioned for you guys so hopefully
I can make some real fun stuff I think
I'm gonna do some livestream with it
Saturday I'll let you guys now we
absolutely love you guys from the bottom
of my heart man I almost continued this
vlog into tomorrow morning because I
really didn't feel like I have the
energy that I want to give you guys
right now I want you to take my energy
and push through your day and I just I
feel really friggin drained for some
reason so I'm gonna push through it I'm
gonna give you what I have left I love
you guys so much thanks for being here
and watching that you yeah let me show
it looks just like you
it's like a thumb you just came out of
nowhere pink and purple people eater
ready for that why are we so tired I've
still I can't reset from Europe like
every times like 10 o'clock at night I
feel like it's 3:00 in the morning we're
gonna get out of here I love you we'll
see you tomorrow
tell me if I do this thing Saturday what
can we do I'm not just gonna sit and
spray it like we need something to do so
hit me up tell me in the comments I love
you guys will see them all smama it's
beautiful I think this little guy wants
to race I think this little guy wants to
race we race for slips
only you lose you lose your car that's
the deal
that would hurt
