you take your net I can't even see we're
gonna use the camera mouth today what is
up guys hope you're having an awesome
day Noah my buddy and I are headed out
to get a couple things we need actually
we're already here working on a fun
little project today and we need some
stuff so we're hitting the store we got
a cup actually I need underwear I left I
don't know where my underwears I
seriously don't know where my underwears
this walks not about that boring stuff
man we're gonna get some cool supplies
now school supplies cool supplies fun
right are you looking at me like that
schools for fools just kidding guys
just kidding parents where you going
come back it's nice and they're here to
perform Oh
over the last week you guys noticed Noah
started a game called find the dab and
that's in each vlog he does some dab
somewhere yesterday was under the pool
in the water which they found so fast so
we've been talking how do we make this
harder how do we hide the dabs today's
gonna be tricky and thank you guys for
playing the game it's been a lot of fun
for both of us I should say it already
has it happened has it did I even miss
it did you want some wookie boxers way
short sauce I need short socks guys all
I have is long socks and I pull them
down up that's right today knee socks
this is just add water okay let's get a
couple get that yeah yeah and that I
should do it right I have no idea dude
what we're doing why we even buy now
this probably weirdest cart we've ever
had socks underwear pancake mix t-shirts
in tea you brought your wallet right you
brought money right it's an ugly day in
the neighborhood an ugly day in the
neighborhood
would you be mine what mission complete
kind of I think it's complete we don't
even know what we're doing every sorry
we need gas ourselves and we need a
propane tanks
what if your car only drove to the sound
of music right the sound of music so if
you wanted to go fast yet and put on
like a heavy metal death metal to go
fast and to go slow you'd have to put on
some really slow music and it would hold
it controlled by the sound of your music
here you definitely have the steering
been break still but like the speedier
cars you don't have a gas pedal you have
using the dumbest thing I've ever
discussed but imagine like it would
force people to listen to all types of
music while they're in here hey Zeus a
flash some guys oh boy
yep come on down God don't let us in
just so me and Noah are getting back
home and this little guy right here are
you feeling better
you sure listen to this as soon as we
woke up this morning the first thing
Cain did he slept with us last night he
wasn't feeling good he slept with us he
woke up this morning what did he do
threw up on our bed no joke at all he
sat up and threw up on the bed now
luckily it was just like water it was
like liquid it wasn't like you know glad
you're feeling better
no yesterday I told Britt I was like she
got Brittany got up yesterday early and
went plate stuff I was like vlogging cuz
I don't want to get up so she vlog that
she was so uncomfortable vlogging it and
then I didn't even put it in yesterday's
vlog so I felt terrible she did vlog it
and I have the footage do you want me do
you want me do you want me to put it in
this vlog I mean again you don't use it
you yeah here's Brittany's vlog it's
just a little bit but I was so proud of
her she was song come before she even
called me she's like I'm embarrassed of
Belle so she did good she did any broken
now so here's a quick clip of Brittany
softball game I don't want to do that
can we just go home no dude we're
already here I'm laying softball today I
literally haven't played since middle
school and I have some major butterflies
in my stomach
why am i nervous really nervous hmm no I
feel like I'm just gonna come home with
a black eye
okay so playing I hit the ball I already
broke a nail it's really weird like
being a vlogger and going somewhere new
in front of like a ton of people and
pulling out a camera I don't know I'm
still not used to it and it's I don't
makes me really nervous and everyone
stares at you like what is that for like
right now everyone behind this kind of
rows just staring at me
so I'm trying to film as much as I can
I'm also playing the game which is
really fun I don't know if any of you
guys vlog or not but I'm sure you know
the first few times in front of people
it's really awkward so I know I'm just
feeling really awkward today so I don't
know anyone or and everyone just stares
so yeah and I also didn't include me and
my dad's rivalry that's right I mean my
dad are fighting we're about to fight
for real I've got a GTR he's got a
Corvette we've read your comments guys
we've seen the comments we know what you
want to do with it
so I filmed this yesterday too and get
put it now I think this little guy wants
to race I think this little guy wants to
race we race for slips only you lose you
lose your car that's the deal
that would hurt I think you got a little
driving experience on me
okay well with willful flip will flip
block you get a year on me
alright guys so there has been lots of
comments Roman and your dad got a race
we have to race our cars right so we
have been working on a race we're gonna
do a drag race drag strip drag strip add
a drag strip we're not gonna do it on
the open roads cuz that's stupid
um I mean I want to do it on the open
but it's not safe so here's here's what
we're thinking here's the wager here's
the wager
if my dad loses I get his car if I list
not my mom so here's Andy the title no
no I here's what we would do
Oh guys can't can people go somewhere
and play some valve you guys can help oh
my gosh what if we did like it open no
we set we hook up with Vegas city you
can I just play run it through a betting
thing no no buddy no betting okay no the
idea was that we drag racing we could
swap so I race to my car verse you in
your car and then we swap I'll race in
your car you racing yeah it's just for
fun sounds cool so we're gonna build
some hype on this we want to do this
next week or the week after it's coming
up maybe livestream definitely for the
vlog just a big little practice time
yeah you need some practice time and
you're gonna do it and they told me a
new set of tires is gonna come well
we'll have fun watching you smoke them
off it's a fight to the finish we're
gonna race these two cars guys here's
the funnest part that you guys get to do
right now vote vote right now yeah gonna
take it I've been practicing between
stop lights and stop signs gt-r vers vet
man that thing looks mean holy cow
so make your votes GTR 4:06
whoo and this is a corporate battle
right here even the companies right now
are like off-road ATV vers cane on
barefoot
we didn't race but we are racing like
that is coming a drag race
it'll be fun right so me know we're
gonna go do our thing these two are in
sickness recovery repair mode things are
looking good things are looking good
they're playing games you ready I'm
gonna need your help dude you know I'm
not good at this stuff you know you got
your screwdriver banana hmm are you
coming you feel up to it well I will
show you it's gonna be cool you hook it
up we've been cane and I've been talking
about hooking a kite to the back of his
dirtbike and we've been talking about it
for a while we're gonna have to do that
too
really really soon okay check this out
ready Wow oh you serious right now
you serious right now well this is
working okay sure so they show up and
they're like we got you a griddle
skittle stainless steel griddle thing
now this is what I seen over at my
brother's house which now they all have
one my mom and dad got one my brother
got one and then they brought me this I
gotta build this thing doesn't sound
that exciting but what we're gonna do
with it is gonna be fun yeah maybe
yeah good job yeah oh oh here we go
round two carpark frisbee
whoa Oh oh yeah she would try to catch
up boys you know what this looks like to
me a nightmare a nightmare that looks
like Grandma and Grandpa are pranking me
that's what that looks like that looks
like the end of the world that looks
like death that looks like I have to
call my brother that looks like only
Dale could do this oh my gosh there's
like an inch thick it's not that bad I
think I can do it for sure
should I call Dale no you shouldn't call
Dale
I got it look it's not that bad it
almost came assembled I put a couple
knobs a couple screws a couple pieces of
duct tape on it we're done oh you got it
no nothing says Oh got it
whoo
yes 95 hours later and this baby's
complete a lot of people have these
built into their countertops at home
this is like a standalone but imagine
bacon pancakes eggs sausage all at the
same time I'm out of breath I'm out of
breath
the sky is insane it's so crazy so now
and I are just finishing this finally
getting it up on the deck and now it
really looks like it's about to storm no
joke just has that windy cold breeze
coming in we'll see who knows probably
not oh maybe so to break this thing in
today instead of making breakfast no one
I thought it would be fun to get pancake
mix and attempt a little father-son
pancake art challenge I've seen this
done a lot of times on the internet but
we have never ever attempted it so maybe
in someone called Dale Atwood did it my
brother
you've heard of it yeah so we're gonna
try I've never done it I don't even know
what my terrible already knows how many
turns
I already know all right shake that bad
boy hold on hit 30 seconds Wow go you
got this 30 seconds we're keeping it
accurate it's turning into mud butter
pancakes you know we go first
heck yeah you can't can't you undo it
yeah oh yeah so it got dark on us we
brought a light out hopefully yeah this
is great okay
oh she's on you don't I'm actually
really worried about and I actually see
it
this lights bringing in bugs and they're
landing on this I don't think I'm gonna
eat these pancakes
ha ha hi Noah's going first number one I
would test the squirter over here before
you make your pancake because I don't
know how it's gonna come out of there oh
okay
oh okay that's up that is a mighty
pancake Oh perfect
oh I like what you got okay he's got
like a Bluetooth headset on yeah hair
tweeze oh no that's okay that's okay you
can't really go over I try to flip it
hurry
I think you're done oh no that's why
there's an art it's an art you you
better get it off or maybe we didn't put
enough spray down all right fail I think
it's my fault I should have sprayed it
more okay two things we learned one you
need a good spatula like this and two
you need cooking oil not a little spray
that crap just burnt right on us we're
gonna remix try again Kane wants to try
what's your I in my name
it's a little tough yeah but I think
that's good for design you got better
look I see the K the a the N and the
ease perfect yeah okay
so Cain just did it and it stuck even
with cooking oil and a good spatula it
will not flip it gets stuck to that I
don't know what to do I'm not a cooking
expert but I've seen this done many
times
hey is that cool it's starting to cool
down
that was a rock-solid fail guys that was
failure it's funny you know what wasn't
failure we just learned how not to do it
but we still don't know what the problem
is we better off cooking pegs on that it
is a beautiful night man it is so nice I
feel so good I don't feel sick I'm a
little stuffy a hair I'm always a hair
stuffy the feet are wet from walking
around in your guys's splash party you
hanging out with me boy
yeah he knows I'm still upset about
eating a Lego book while the rain left
us alone while we failed at the pancakes
but it's starting now drip drip drip
drip hey Keynes you leave anything else
on oh yeah
did you alright guys so as you can see
I'm just waking up did not in the vlog
last night but today I kind of wanted to
end the vlog like this I didn't want to
end it last night because today we get a
flamethrower I'm not talking about like
a little thing like a lighter that
shoots a little fire I'm talking about a
backpack wearing flame throwing machine
like a full-on flamethrower so
tomorrow's blogs gonna be lit love you
guys so much thanks for hanging out I've
had so much good family time the last
few days just from everybody from my
parents to my brother and his family and
to my family and it's just been uh it's
been amazing I hope you're getting some
family time and I love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow tell me what some
things we can set up for the
flamethrower also who's gonna take the
race the GTR or the Corvette zo6 we'll
see you tomorrow you're beautiful you're
one of a kind
thanks for the thumbs up and shares we
love you smile
