oh geez
then down work as a weird way to start
the whole thing today is January 1st
2018 in the family is really not doing
it we're not doing anything the January
1st we're hanging out we've been
building Legos we've been goofing off
this little girls screaming like a
monster hey Cora Cora what's up baby
it's like TV anyway guys welcome to the
vlog welcome to the new year I hope it
is starting off so good if you've hit a
couple of bumps already let's push it
aside let's start brush right now with
this blog set the problems aside take a
deep breath and let's hang out as a
family all of us you me the kids the
family my brother's here we're all going
outside to goof off Cora also got her
own ball pit last night she missed out
on the first giant ball pit so aunt Jess
Jess my brother's wife got her little
ball pit last night so fun on New Year's
I you know video any of that last she's
like I want to get in you wanna get in
huh no oh those are smoked wieners right
there mm-hmm
kids are out playing on this slide
honestly I never would have guessed that
the drop in for the BMX stunts into the
pond would turn into such a fun winter
slide it is great it's fun but we're
gonna re-up with some hot water we need
that ice got to get that ice I'm gonna
have to get two jugs
why does hot water freeze faster than
cold water in the winter why and
somebody answer that why does hot water
freeze faster than cold water in the
winter makes no sense to me my brain
doesn't work that way it might freeze it
so fast and now you have ice and they
can fly across half water oh nice dude
yeah throw that 360 in there here you go
it's my brother
so it is like the perfect laid back
first start to the year kind of just
bringing it in soaking it in it's the
kids the family what more could I ask
for a little Noah basically my version
of a perfect day really it's just
hanging out with the family and the kids
and not having any room boy anyway what
I was saying is it's like the perfect
day when you don't have any plans like
when you get to just do whatever you
want for the day that's what I'm saying
let's do it but we're gonna double ready
I want to go fast oh geez so each day we
measure the pond using this giant bit
and then we drill off the ice and we see
how thick it is yesterday we were over 4
inches so let's see what is that today
it's on a walk out a little ways get
more into the middle of the pond here
and just pick a spot and then run a hole
through it something pretty cool
like the blade and the blade fills look
diamonds we're already almost at the
depth of the blades you can see it's
still super solid but he's gonna keep
cutting almost super-impressed how hard
it is to actually cut ice is it takes a
while and you can see it's already
finger lengths deep that's crazy man
it's so much deeper than you'd think
let's keep cutting the upper glove just
either circle you kinda just go back and
forth clear the blade out and then just
apply pressure like down so clearly the
pond is finally getting super thick
thick enough that we have big plans this
week maybe a race of some sort out here
on the phone it's gonna be a lot of fun
very just fun would you think buddy
what'd you think of all this snow this
is like your first real winter is a real
dog he was just a pup last year we are
we are climbing on six inches well we're
about five and a quarter I'd say close
to five and a half that's crazy
Wow and then I want you to imagine put
your whole body under it like you did oh
you just come in to save the day oh go
oh my gosh I can't even explain out here
like no and I were just trying to fish
in the pond
ice fishing trying to hunt its core
asleep you like it you don't like a
country stops bar saves the day with
steak tater salad wings coconut shrimp
you killed it man
that's the order right there the bloomin
onion paint canes favourite the bloomin
onion Cara look at you girl you got your
own ball pit this is awesome
holy cow oh man she's growing so fast
you never believe it yeah maybe purple
just the fact that she's sitting like
just chillin sittin in here by herself
it's blowing my mind like it's like soon
yeah it doesn't like she's like how much
concentration work does it take to just
sit imagine if we had the ball pit that
we used to have upstairs before flash
decided to bomb it you guys remember
that
you don't remember Cora look
like nah nah not cutting it pops not
cutting it dad he's so concentrated
she's like I don't know if I'm ready to
grow up I don't I don't know what this
is I don't know what this means but I
want your face is she's just like it's
like color over my hands Cora Cora what
is going on girl all right what is this
she likes the noise you made flashes
like you humans funnier is just because
it's my little girl but these little
caters doing okay if you had to compete
but compete competition
all right Kane listen if you had to
compete in an eating contest what food
would you choose to consume well poop oh
my gosh all right well you would win
that contest your pizza Cora's milk even
grapes grapes I think I would go
cheesecake just cuz I love cheesecake
and I just want cheesecake not to win
not even to win I just want it coconut
water no coconut ah coconuts
Cora's like where's that milk you were
talking about you guys gotta help me
here who is the moodiest
in your family
who is the that is a tough one I mean
core is a baby so it's easy to point the
fingers cuz she's up and down like a
roller coaster
you think flash I'm glad nobody said
daddy that's good I feel good about that
you're pretty moody boy you're a little
mood swinger right there
yeah alright we'll say we'll say we'll
say flash for the sake of our friendship
what car what car would be most fun for
a family wrote like we took a road trip
what would be your what would be the car
of your choice to take Zeus's ride zoos
ok well that's impossible in RV how
about a stretch how about a stretch
Lamborghini let's stretch X Mac limo ok
Cora would be the milk train what would
you rather live in New York Los Angeles
Chicago or San Francisco LA ok that's
not on the list
but I'm with you on that I would pick LA
because of the weather if I had to live
in a major city always got that
weatherman oh it's got that way oh
here's a really good one feel free to
leave your comments too on all of these
do you believe in UFOs aliens
you don't think I'm gonna be straight up
I believe wholeheartedly that we're not
the only ones in this vast Oh 100% we're
not I want you to think of this concept
No all right imagine me and you imagine
me and you right we're to fish in this
pond this great big pond we can't see
out of that pond but we say do you think
there's anything I was out there not
knowing that there's minds upon but
there's millions of ponds lakes rivers
streams but to us to us as two little
fish in this pond you gotta imagine it
any other life out there maybe life
we're not I don't know about the
technology to build UFOs Italy UFO a
little one okay well tell me what you
guys think that's it that's it I mean I
just I don't believe her it can't be
it's just too much out there I I just I
have a hard time believing where the
okay what is the most amazing thing
you've seen from your car window like
you're driving down the road and you see
you know something I don't believe it
you saw zombies okay this conversations
getting weird Brett just say it when you
pulled up it was me pulling up in my
white work van on our first date take
Cora sing it to the world she's like
she's like I'm the moodiest and I'm
gonna prove it right now if you can talk
to everybody on earth for 30 seconds
what would you say tomorrow you've got
the whole just smile more throw your
hands up peace you know what I have a
feeling somebody would get you conscious
no I really don't know you say UFOs are
real is that what you would say I would
probably do some inspirational speech
and try to inspire at least one flashes
puh okay boy when you have a discussion
after this cameras pencil if your mom
had a baby
would you prefer a brother or sister if
you'd want another brother what would
you want another another female Mouse it
would make it an even household three
boys three girls what you think mommy
oh oh oh what do you miss the most when
you are away from home like when we're
not home what do you miss the most like
like you're gone we're in the Bahamas or
one of us not your computer okay Kate
what do you miss most while we're gone
poop the cat's chacha mommy but then
you're wishing the kids are home yeah
house just the whole house just being
here oh yeah all right well all good
answers when I'm not at home yeah
there's something about just being home
like no just said that it's kind of an
all-around miss I just want to be home
you know depends on while you're away
vacation you know you get you can swing
it
you can get through the day would you
rather be a police officer or a
firefighter firefighter yeah you did I'd
love to see you out there lifting
equipment you'd be a firefighter
um Wow okay hmm yeah what would you be
flash yeah I just want to pee on fire
hydrants you could only pick one holiday
for the whole year which one would you
pick
you don't have one holiday birthdays
Easter Christmas Thanksgiving fourth of
July
New Year's I don't think that is no that
would be Christmas some flesh food I
would say Christmas not for the gifts
just because that it seems to be such a
such a genuine Holi everybody's so like
in that mood just because it's cold I
like it outside yeah great okay
you're sorry Thanksgiving it's like the
whole family's together it's so much fun
it's like not all about like gifts and
yeah I mean gifts gifts aside yeah yeah
that is a fun one fourth of July so good
okay all right no speaking of being the
two fish in the pond what kind of fish
would you like to be and where would you
live
what kind of fish goldfish okay what
fish would you be game so swordfish
swordfish I would be I straight up being
a flying fish one of the ones that come
out of the water in a flat ass you'd be
uh yeah fish would you be
yeah that's an option sit on him flash
well guys I'm super laid back for you
today just hanging out together we also
filmed from yesterday so we had to
finish that get started today a little
late we were excited we keep in the
street go home around 50 plus vlogs in a
row you are so cold right now from
coming in and we're excited to get this
year started out right and that is gonna
happen
you started activation crazy
I can't focus on my water so to say guys
we love you so much I know we had a lot
of crazy ups and downs through 17 so
thank you so much for sticking by us
here is to 2018
you better start it off right we love
you guys we'll see you tomorrow you're
beautiful
you are one of a kind smile more
you
