hey guys guys haha welcome to the vlog
what is up I'm feeling so much better
today no is hacking my computer right
now probably Kane is watching baby
Clifford what's up what
oh you messes the best you die like the
rest I spent probably 80 75 80 percent
of my day laying on that couch yesterday
sick it's got soul and Wow do some flash
for feeling good live in a well I can
see you do me a big favor catch this
hope you guys are feeling right usually
I start the vlogs once we're already up
and we're out and about maybe we start
in the car but today I want to start a
little early we're getting breakfast
started with your sausage eggs Britney's
in the room getting ready and today I'm
actually kind of dreading today because
today's the day I go see my hand
specialist for my broken hand I'm not
gonna lie I feel pretty good in fact I'm
not even wearing my cast right now the
bone looks funky but my hand feels
pretty good I almost have my entire grip
back yeah my pinky does go really suck
my thinking goes like really good good
it feels pretty good I've met a lot of
people on tours I've done the exact same
thing like a lot of you guys and you
never got it fixed in you're fine so if
he tells me that I need surgery on this
I may put like some thought into it I
don't think I'm just gonna jump into
that alright now what are you really
doing on my computer why you I'm not you
have your own computer
well I can't open files
well I can't open that's hackers hot so
that's hacker talk you're doing hacker
stuff on my computer back Britney's
computer so what have we been lacking
guys we have been lacking some more raw
vlogs oh the last few have been actually
short just over 10 minutes or even less
so I'm gonna try today to just hang out
on camera hang out with you guys cook a
lot of sausage look at that I'm gonna
put my camera in the slow nothing it
looks a little foggy
put it up so bad so we're gonna hang out
today oh I need another battery on
charge why do i Dan I thought I had 30
20 minutes ago
wait is that what you're wearing today
that's what you're wearing I love this
shirt though that's funny no I'm totally
kidding
wear it every what okay okay I need the
green and the shoes matches the green in
the pants and the black and the shoes in
the black in this pants matches it's one
sock boy it's one sock boy still always
wearing one sock I I still gotta laughs
uh-oh Oh flats just coming to your
defense okay
I'm kidding I didn't mean it I take it
back oh she okay honest opinion we got
new samples in honest opinion the logos
bigger I personally love it because the
last one the sample we actually gave
away to one of you guys was smaller this
seems more legit play that oh my gosh I
actually love this bag this is my bag
tell me what you think this is another
sample this is it uh the actual event
like we don't have these yet it's like
two borders like usually if you'd see
like a picture of a product it'd be all
stopped and nice this is like destroyed
wrinkled crushed I love it so yeah we're
doing breakfast together and we're out
of here I gotta go figure out this hand
situation and uh maybe go see some
friends and yeah I think sausage is not
I think I may have overcooked it let's
dust this old dog off this thing hasn't
been driven for like ever
it's surprisingly clean oh I can
definitely tell you drove this last cuz
the seats all the way up you're busted
busted Brett's get a little too
comfortable with the car guys she's
getting a little too comfortable with
the car maybe we should try to track
down one of them like cool racing car
seats for Cain if he's gonna have a car
seat in here oh my gosh I forgot that
was in here I couldn't find it what are
you doing what is it what's wrong are
you laughs like 12 we have a picture
we've shown a picture hi my name is
Britney is playing softball tomorrow
what's up sounds like a class slope it's
up others different versions of
something
other than that we're hitting up right
now it's beautiful outside one of our
nicest days of the year I would say it's
not hot it's not cold and one of the
doctors about my alright so here we go
we're here I'm so actually nervous
because my hand feels a lot better than
well hopefully they'll be able to see
they'll be like oh it's fine or it's not
fine yeah let me get that door for you
let me get that door for you baby let me
get that for you
third floor how difficult is it for me
to wash my back one through five I can
answer that I've even tried to wash my
back well it's hard to wash your back at
a good hand
how you gonna wash it with a bath I'm
not answer that how hard is it once in
five to open a tight or new jar into our
pickles I haven't tried that either
what cuz I always open it using a knife
no difficulty no difficulty I'm your
doctor move your hand here fix it fix it
you see that bound by my pinky easy
we're gonna have to cut this out right
here uh-huh and then you'll just have
four fingers on the fan that's not bad
see you okay this is the ball this is
the bone that you wrote right here and
you broke it and it snapped off and came
out of the skin so we just have to cut
it off you can't do this anymore you'll
never be able to hold a ball again or if
we don't take it with put this rotten oh
my yeah terminator but that's it right
there that's how I did it yeah I hit a
little blue stacker correct my Smith's
fracture that's like wrecking falling oh
no not one force goes backwards it can
always be worse it can always be where
this isn't even that bad like honestly
it's not that bad like it could be worse
if they tell me today that they're
putting this screws and stuff in my hand
I'm gonna be pretty upset I think I
think I'm gonna fight that I'm gonna
fight against it
I think the only reason they want to do
that is because you are right-handed and
it could be different for those your
left hand I can I'll become left-handed
I've learned I'll learn the ways imagine
travel right nowhere so I'm here with
dr. Ghul and he is a beautiful artwork
by the way that's an exact replica of my
hand over here so he's trying to explain
to me exactly what I have going on with
my hand and how he's he says he's very
rarely ever operated on the type of
fracture I have which is great good news
thank you for that yeah no so where we
at so it's a it's what we call a boxer's
fracture it happens when we punch things
when we probably shouldn't punch them I
agree with that one okay here's your
metacarpal you have three foul G's after
that we'll call P 1 P 2 P 3 and this
joint is called the mCP joint metacarpal
phalangeal joint and you likely without
having seen the fracture as you likely
broken right there based on the story
you told me yeah and on the side view if
this were the number one on the side and
here is that Felix says p1 and this
metacarpal you broke it here and after
you break it usually this metacarpal
head goes like this and the that's why
you can see the you can see it my hand I
asked you the yeah but that bump in time
make it better okay okay
like I said yeah the hand feels like
really good yes best it has so what
happens is if you if this flexes you as
a compensatory mechanism you can hyper
extend at that joint so even my knuckle
hyper extends and this joint also has
the ability temporaries you can
compensate for this injury what you're
seeing on hand right now is the callus
that has formed in time that will
remodel smooth it out that's awesome
thank you for that appreciate it no
problem so for now the best thing to do
is just for now if anything you can
buddy tape it buddy tape it yes you take
this you wrap it around the two condors
two fingers here and then middle or the
ring finger rather
we'll do the therapy I'm a small finger
I'll just kind of work it together yeah
I love it so you do that for maybe
another three four weeks until the end
Oh some for so long and you're all set
yes awesome huh so I've been wearing a
full like cast splint that I can unwrap
every day you don't need any more don't
need it yeah and if it's really been
three to four weeks has again I don't
have x-rays but if it's been three to
four weeks I think buddy taping alone is
a good way to transition
fan-freaking-tastic huh thank you so
much thanks for being on camera I know
that's weird
it is a little piece that ISA what do
you mean you do YouTube like what's up
this is it I record my life and we it's
like reality TV for you to basically but
it's real reality
awesome awesome freaking news guys I am
so happy right now I was I was worried
I don't usually worry about crap because
it doesn't change the outcome you can
worry all day it doesn't change anything
but I was worried about this hand I knew
that stupidity was gonna bite me that's
why I was worried my stupid mistake was
gonna bite me but it ended up being as
of now okay
I'm gonna wrap this tape around my
finger I don't have to wear my cast
anymore what are you doing back here no
I just got hot um okay we have to go get
a gloves or look at glove rubber glove
Noah catching blow don't erase them
Reysol let's race um let's race um okay
so their difference between a softball
mitt and a baseball mitt bigger right
yeah are you sure you answered like you
don't know I'm pretty sure 10 to 12
that's about my handling right I have no
idea I don't even know if that means 10
to 12 was that
what is this day they put it they put
her glove in like a steamer did it help
a little bit
yeah cuz it's you and you get them
they're there so uh like uh Fred yeah
son Walter big so what were you doing
left-handed headed home gonna get some
use out of this beautiful day celebrate
celebration I don't get a cast them
let's celebrate let's pray on something
Oh
cast off means vodka
we need to ran a bulldozer or a bobcat
because something I can build with
how do we make that happen wait again
yeah there is no funny ways you calling
you to read I bet they're reasonable
first you do it on everything he does me
up the funniest vlog is me getting a
bobcat for the first day I've never ever
satin like never driven one I've sat in
one but never like I don't know how to
work it so why do you want to get it cuz
I want to build and dig I want to build
like a plank track for the kids for the
bikes the dirt bikes I just get you a
sandbox sandbox how would you do it I
don't even get you that good I did Oh
gimme whoa crazy with that gun oh hey
what do you know hi guys I got to share
something with you that I'm so excited
about I usually wait on these type of
things I make them a surprise or I just
don't say anything about it until the
day of but Monday Monday I have this
coming check this out I've got an actual
flamethrower coming to my house dude
look at this thing
three days for three days ago probably
like three days ago I get an email it's
like hey we make a completely legal
flamethrowers in your state we'd love to
ship you one and you can have it and
test it in and do a vlog with it and
literally they shipped it today so I
will have it Monday I'm so excited I
don't know what we're gonna do I need a
list guys give me a list of things I can
do with the flamethrower
I'm so excited about it my brother and
his family are on their way over and I
just I don't know what we're doing
she's one crazy she's never driven one
before this is Brittany's mom Brittany's
mom's driving a quad for the first time
ever oh geez hey guys both dogs oh she
just went the ditch oh I heard a loud
scream literally my heart dropped this
was down for a count Sue's nose like
with us he jumps right in front of odd
he knows to stay clear right now he's
like uh okay guys I'm gonna warn you
Roman just had some expresso he's never
had he's over there making his own ice
ice baby song he's never had expresso
look like I'm taking up the camera and
showing me I'm just gonna say this I
you guys know I drink redbull I drink
pop I haven't had redbull for a couple
days and I just had this eye lit lit
they got my brother here we're playing
some old-school black ops which we
haven't done together for a long time I
have three so here we are with an
old-fashioned game night flashes crashed
on my brothers but he really likes me I
don't know I don't know what's going on
you got in your pocket boy ah nothing I
have never had more issues playing
together every time we join together it
crashes which by the way I'm number one
now MVP 17 empty kills dog we're just
hanging out goofing off can Ishrat
you've got 4 kills dude that's good you
guys playing call of duty sometimes when
you die it could be a 4 year old that
killed you like he's decent it's crazy
to think about that
get up though that's your guy oh nice
good job get away from the take you know
it's a boy shoot a yo it if uncle Dale
farts right now it's game over for flash
what's up Oh would you would you always
rather be cold or would you always be
hot like like I could only be cold or I
can only be hot forever yeah oh I hate
being cold well I'd always be cold but I
hate being hot - yeah wait you'd always
be cold mm-hmm and I can't even answer
that I hate being hot
maybe being both which one would you
guys rather be hot all the time or cold
all the time I feel like I'm always cold
all the time already I'm always
comfortable I feel like oh man that's a
good on we are warping into the bedtime
mode - help yourself to the trash what
you have yeah good dude
dose yeah you better walk away I didn't
mean it buddy
all the dog food in the world were all
the food in the world and I want to see
when he'd stop eating Zeus would stop
eating when he exploded like a physical
import well guys we actually didn't in
the vlog last night I left Noah's room
and I don't know what happened I just
disappeared into thin air
just thin air go on this in dreamland
I'm so happy that such good news guys
this really was the best news the day no
surgery no cast I do need to wrap these
fingers apparently though just to kind
of this finger is going to teach this
vineyard how to work again so it's a
little buddy system thank you guys for
being here through the exciting through
the boring you're here we can never
thank you enough thanks for sharing the
vlogs given these vlogs likes and loved
let's continue the Twitter spree broke
both blue both Britney and I will be
doing our biggest follow spree today get
ready oh yeah everybody that retweets
favorites our tweets we're following so
we're gonna hit it hard today
big follow spree from both of us go to
our Twitter give it some love and we
will hopefully be following you
we'll see you soon you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile mwah oh it's
awesome okay ready yeah ready
