guys welcome to the vlog years when you
try this again oh it's Barbie Barbie
yeah we were try for round two today
first of all welcome to the vlog guys
hope you're having an awesome day we are
trying round two to get Barbies we've
been pretty much dodging rain all day
it's pretty cool though I had the RFC
truck I should have filmed it but we
were like hydroplaning across the
puddles in the driveway I brought my
cast in full green today you guys like
the green yeah this place is like
completely packed come happy noise here
I don't what's it say on the door closed
for cleaning no are you kidding me to
closed again I don't myself nose mouth
car for this you really own the park in
the handicap spot yeah
I'm not in it am I on the line I'm
pretty sure you're in it you're
definitely over the line baby you've
crossed the line today no help no help
from dad no more I miss helping you
little man that's better right there now
mama could Park here if she came you
know thanks cuz your leg what's been
doing this insane work I'm at the
caption at the vlog I have a cleaner all
the girls from smile more store all they
all get together every morning like a
crazy pack of females in the driveway
and they do these crazy workouts yeah we
have a really intense pair of shoes she
said I said we're gonna hate you by the
Indus she said hey me now love me later
good one but now I can barely like
barely walk don't try and catch me why
imagine living like in a place where
those are in your backyard
y'all fat cat can't oh man oh drop bag
of meat throw it in line I just kick you
down and run hmm
oh I got pink ones red that's pretty
awesome
well these are excessive crossbows oh
that's too nice right blow in air like
oh yeah yeah those are like to kill a
deer Oh what are we doing with him oh
I'm kidding
first shot okay well that's good for
Caine I think we should go a little one
up like these are cool Noah you got to
get a Hawkeye suit though you're only
allowed to shoot it in a Hawkeye suit
see back for more info yeah I gotta get
a backhaul stir I won't be like Robin
Hood okay all right you get a picture
but you gotta help us with bow and
arrows cuz we don't know what we're
buying is this like cool for him could
he shoot that why do they like the it we
just these are the single yeah you only
pull this one okay in case you guys
don't know we know nothing about
shooting bows and arrows but when I went
to London we stopped at a girl's house
and she let me shoot her bow and I
thought it would be really fun for my
family to do so hey nice to meet you man
you were serious about hunting oh my
gosh you took it right off anyway I
could make a cane you want that target
yes yeah no when you're done you can
mount the head in the small more store
oh wait I can do with this yeah you know
if you're in Ian's hey thanks man
this is so goofy huh tip of this one do
our regular target okay so we looked at
all the normal target oh now you gonna
mount it now I know you should wear this
oh geez I'm so terrible guys you haven't
found the Barbies yet you guys need any
help I got this extra hand up in the
bathroom for one minute jello man we
lucked out hopefully the rain stays away
it's like little clouds and it's
beautiful
you know my keen Ted we're not hunting
why cuz there was this dinosaurs like
you're going deer hunting boy yeah like
real old man really raspy voice he's
like coming from a guy that literally
has a hard problem killing a fly like I
can't kill anything I could never hunt
I'm the guy that cannot shoot it I could
never ever shoot a deer I would feel bad
if I accidentally hit my idea with a car
like I would feel so guilty so bad I
know a lot of you guys hunt like it's
it's it's part of what we do I just have
never been able to do it I cannot kill
animals never tell my dad deer hunts
like like every year yeah I love it so
he would always take us kids not until I
got older my stepmom had told me she
like every time he has taken one of you
she said I don't care if the biggest
buck runs in front of you you are not
allowed to shoot a deer in front of this
kid mother Monica product I'm not a
killer
was with your parking today you're in
the bush girl
somebody's gonna need a park in our
little tiny driveway I tried a little
tiny driveway
well the trash man comes and he's just
like that person house smooth when
you're really not in my way but you're
gonna there's my boy
what's up what's up you really need help
hey I can't get out you look like you're
a hundred years old trying to get in
that door you're crazy
did you even see the name of this bo
flash huh all right so you're gonna get
dinner ready tacos tip-top she's good
oh it's Wednesday can I talk over do
this talk is about it completely I don't
have time to prepare
that's what tacos me tacos no time no
time tacos all right man the boys gonna
set up this reindeer Rudolph oh we put
like a red nose on him I don't know I
did yeah we go on hon well I'm so
excited about this I think it's just me
my boys my girl with a bow flash come
here how we build this guy I think he
just slides right on shoo
this has been broken since he took it
down oh I think I'll still stay it'll
still stay just be careful I feel like
it's is gonna fall over these bigger
stakes yours kick yours came with two
arrows awesome so the legs are just
terrible we had to put it in a brick
down here and then I don't know if it's
even gonna stay up whoo you ready
Hawkeye wait in the palette are you
hyung are you really that hungry huh huh
look at him he said I wasn't doing
anything I was I wasn't come on come on
hair oh you hit him in the head a little
you got a little look at this dude I
love this one
this is cool oh oh in the neck up more
shoot oh this is single most hardest
shot ever done ever never been done
oh no is back got it you got this keep
it on the black part there you go there
you go all the way back up
holy cow
alright we're gonna eat a little bit of
Britney's famous tacos John's here with
somebody we are um and then I have a
good idea it's probably a bad idea but
that's most of my ideas we're going to
take and I'm just gonna let's just
continue let's just continue softer
hearts softer heart oh that's a good
idea
come on do that you've just inspired a
masterpiece so in the movies you always
see flaming arrows like in the movies
they shoot the arrows catches the little
catches the little like village on fire
Sue's what are you doing huh way too
much gasps oh my gosh are you drinking
this oh my gosh yes I could see gasoline
carrot but don't shake me don't you
don't shit you like gravimon trying to
rip it out alright alright
I don't the best way to do this is cuz
I've never done it with wills oral I'm
gonna sacrifice a sock Oh having burlap
is small you should at least got one
with a hole in it
what do you mean like a hole already in
the toe oh well I thought they were I
thought they're really old he had the
straightest face forever
ladies and gentlemen don't try this at
home
let me do it for you that's what an
Alaia shrine in my eye I think and I
just dip it let in light it kill someone
hard it smell I like it while you shoot
it I'll shoot it oh I was gonna say oh
it's awesome ok ready ready oh it's
where did it go
way out there I just stops flaming here
as soon as the way as soon as the wind
hit it was gone I thought I got fucking
phone
so yesterday I told you guys I was going
live on my Kickstarter page because
there is a crazy amount of confusion
about our new game coming out so I'm
going live to help understand what we're
doing with the game and I guess we're
gonna shoot some arrows live on the
livestream it's gonna be funny they're
not gonna expect this oh that's a good
one something awesome yeah yeah
I am currently live-streaming on my
Kickstarter page we've got thousands and
thousands of you guys I'm going to show
the comments section rolling through
jade has just become an owner of the
game thank you so much jade JC has just
became an owner of this game you guys
are buying the game live as we speak
this is so fun I came out here to
clarify there's so many questions going
on about this game right now and I just
didn't do a good job in yesterday's vlog
explaining why we put this game on
Kickstarter why is it cost so much why
are we funding your game Roman you have
plenty of money why don't you pay for
your own game I'm here to help clarify
that on the livestream I want to clarify
it for you guys too right after I'm done
with the livestream Seir Poteau heads
your proto head you are now an owner of
the game thank you guys so much
this is amazing Sammy you are now an
owner in the game this is so fun so
as soon as I'm done with my livestream
I'm gonna come on and help you guys
understand why this is so fun on
Kickstarter and and what everything
means oh my gosh guys so I was
completely fun like I did feel like some
sinus pressure even yesterday but like I
got a sneeze uh I was completely like
okay and then I started the stream I did
like an hour-long livestream and I
actually stopped the stream I was
crashing so hard I'm going to finish
this vlog in the morning I'm gonna go to
sleep and uh flash flash look good you
just want my marker yes not autograph
for me we signed something called me
flash but I'm gonna take some really old
cold and sinus that I took on tour with
me and never opened Britney won't let me
she's like don't take it oh but I can't
breathe I will see you guys a little
like one second and we're back guys
what's up I feel like crap I don't feel
as bad as I did last night I feel a
little better but you can hear I am
completely stuffed up I am on here right
now I have to I have to come on here and
clarify so many things about my new game
that I released yesterday there's so
much confusion and I'm gonna take all
the blame for that I spent the entire
vlog yesterday explaining to you guys
how fun the game would be for your
family and I really didn't get into the
details of the actual game so forgive me
for that I'm gonna take all the heat for
it I do want to take literally a minute
to help you guys understand what we're
doing and I want to start with the most
common question actually I got this from
all angles man and I hear you guys loud
and clear I hear so many people the
first thing was Roman either like how
dare you ask us to fund your game or
Roman how do you expect us to fund your
game you make so much money why are you
asking us to fund your game guys I wish
I would have clarified you are not
funding this game guys you are actually
just buying a copy of the game I don't
know what the actual confusion is
whether it's because I did it on
Kickstarter and Kickstarter is known for
funding things guys you're not funding
the game I promise you you're actually
buying the game like when you bought the
game yesterday it's yours and you're
getting more stuff I want to actually
apologize for making that so confusing
trust me I felt like crap yesterday
reading them comments guys you're not
funding the game yes there was a goal of
$50,000 that we had to reach but we know
we're gonna reach that that's not even
close to funding this game I personally
out of pocket have way more than $50,000
already in this game so I promise you
you're not fun in the game guys you're
actually just buying a copy of the game
I'm truly sorry for everybody that was
confused about that and I saw a lot of
other youtubers like why would we fund
your game guys you're not fun in the
game let's move on the next obvious
comment that I got all day yesterday is
this game is so expensive yes the game
is expensive the shipping on this game
is very expensive when I didn't tell you
guys is that shipping his inside that
price when you see fifty five dollars
for the game we've already put the
shipping in there and that was bad on my
part we shouldn't included the shipping
the price should have been lower on the
game it would have been way less
confusion about that and once again
apologize for that also I really truly
thought in my head that everybody really
understood how kick started working
Kickstarter's a fun place to release
things for many reasons let's say let's
say you bought the game for $55 guys
throughout the 30 days of Kickstarter
that's how Kickstarter works you have 30
days for your project while your game is
up for 30 days we constantly add new
things to the game let's say you spent
55 dollars on the game you never spend
another dollar in everything we add in
them 30 days you also get that's why we
did it on Kickstarter we wanted to
develop a game that grows within 30 days
and everything that you've let's say you
bought the game today and in 28 days
we've added five new things to the game
you also get all those new things for no
extra cost so I was so friggin excited
to release this game and I talked about
how fun it was for your family and I
just didn't go over those details guys
you're not funding the game I promise
you that we have way more in this game
than the $50,000 we start with and
that's how Kickstarter works you have
goals and that's that's just what it is
I it is what it is and I think people
were confused because originally and you
still can't on Kickstarter have things
fully funded we're not asking you to
fund the game 50 thousand was our goal
fifty thousand is incredibly far from
funding this game so thank you guys for
everybody that understood it and I
apologize for everybody that didn't
understand it
lack on my part of explaining that we
have now right now if you go to the
Kickstarter page toppling in the
description we have added super cheap
versions of this game you don't get all
the the stuff that the other ones have
but you still get the game the catapult
blocks so that's it guys I hope I have
helped clarify a little bit I really
just wanted to release a game yes I
could have released this game on the
smile Moore store just as easily but
then there would've been upgrades that
you get you would have just bought the
game and that's it
Kickstarter offers 30 days worth of
upgrades so as you upgrade you get those
upgrades so the game becomes a lot more
than what you see right now and I
promise you it's going to be cool it's
gonna be fun please please if you're
interested in this game at all please go
to the page again we've we've redone it
we've added a lot of cheaper
alternatives to the game so you can get
the game a lot cheaper now like 25 bucks
everybody every single person that
bought the game yesterday I will be
signing every single box as an apology
on my behalf I just didn't explain this
well and you guys still supported this
so I'm gonna I know it's not a lot but I
am going to personally sign every single
box of this game from yesterday thank
you guys for being here if you're not
interested in the game that is
completely fine if you went to the site
yesterday and you were just I can't
afford this there is now cheaper
versions of the game so please click the
link it's my Kickstarter page go check
it out and again enjoy this man I'm not
trying to steal money from you guys
people are like how dare you take
advantage of us guys it was it was just
bad it was bad on my part it was a bad
explanation on my part guys I apologize
for that so guys thank you from the
bottom of my heart for just being here
whether you like the game or not thank
you for just being a part of these vlogs
man we have had such a good time doing
this I hope I have helped clarify so
many things for you guys go to the page
if you missed out yesterday and you just
truly wanted the game and it was too
expensive I have added two awesome new
sets for the game that is way cheaper a
lot cheaper I want you and your family
to play this game man so bad I want to
see it I love you guys either way no
matter what thank you we will see you
tomorrow please come over to my
Kickstarter page right now stop the vlog
click on it
get you one of these games man I made
cheaper versions for you guys and
everybody that bought yesterday I'm
signing your box thank you I love you
we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
