hey guys welcome to the war hey Brit
would you sure say what's that pizza
party who is it
wait we have connecting doors we have
connecting stalkers timid haha hey quick
question and be honest with you uh-huh
have you ever heard of this oh you ready
for today are you ready for our day off
so basically we have a day off we did
two shows in a row we have a day off and
then tomorrow we have a live show in
Philly if you're watching this vlog that
means it's today our shows today so
weird after our show in Philly we have
Pittsburgh and then Columbus Ohio my
hometown baby I want all of you guys
there Roman soldiers there better not be
one bruh bruh one fouseytube fan oh
what's the matter
I'm having a real conversation with my
viewers right now I appreciate if you
just stay in your room why would they
give you guys enjoy
so Columbus guys top lake in this
description go smash it get a ticket
come hang out with us in Columbus we're
all gonna be there
everyone Columbus is like everybody
everybody from the vlogs will be in
Columbus man it's gonna be a blast you
think you're gonna get booed they're
gonna boo my life away like they're
gonna suck the soul out I'm gonna walk
right off stage and enjoy the Roman tour
Columbus is gonna be awesome I'm cool
what I Pablo guess we have some fun
today oh yeah what up buddy
so guys whoo
feels so good in here so just about
everything in these buses like change
and move and turn and you can turn them
into beds to catch up octets it yeah oh
it is the out right here
Oh
hi-yah
it is good to
you live and be great to live and be
free pack take some time to
laughs maybe it's been uh
while but even tribe smile even try to
smile
hey baby oh this is so awesome guys we
have just arrived two pussies brothers
beautiful home his new pool his family
they've been cooking for us they've been
treating us like kings so I'm not gonna
do it so this is like basically the best
day off we could have had here in Jersey
we came in from Philly but came in from
Philly and we drove into Jersey just to
hang out man thanks for having us is so
beautiful this is four C's brother
it's like ketchup relax up eat it fed us
so much food off the grill burgers hot
dogs hot wings fries you name it we had
it man we're starting to get rejuvenated
more energy got some sleep last night so
next stop Philly
we're gonna be ready to rock man I'm a
little flower
kill me a little flower
all right what's up little dude he's
scared of me you won't talk to me either
what's your dad cuz he goes I've shown
you sings I'm tendering last I said were
you on tinder ooh hey buddy
are you playing with you on tinder right
now what are you on tinder right now
good to see you
yes soon beautiful place and we have
enjoyed it so much so nice is my house
okay let's go don't mind okay so what is
changes home thank you thank you coming
tomorrow we had such a loss thank you so
much thank you so much you ready you
just like my mom yeah dude I did what so
I almost what's up well your dad's on
tinder your mom's just hanging
definitely awesome that we got the
entire bus in the yard ha ha that's
awesome Jeff um beautiful I did that was
as great alright guys we just walked
over to foo C's new place I got it for
my parents not mine okay well I love
what you've done with the place so far
it's under construction United I love it
under control Wow right this looks
exactly like my brother's house you walk
in Wow look come in and just start on
the walls down that's what you did
hahaha is anything I can lock down
Lucy's new house no I'm knock something
down oh dude this is amazing
your editing suite this is the Sundays
know the basement is the editing
she has a huge basement this is my
favorite part you don't have this in LA
I have a big backyard now yeah you got a
little place at the play on when you're
born from on a tree kid where's the UH
where's the lion gonna sleep that's my
dad where we put in the pet lions dude
let's check this out it's really nice
fouseytube
wow this is huge up here you know what's
so scary to me dude I'm walking into my
brother he even has the same sliding
door no deck you just open it to nothing
hey Dale it literally is it's so cool
proud of you dude like super super told
me to be near family so not just family
but like your money is now invested its
invested definitely been throwing it
away
motor sighs open it away in LA well
motorcycle you own so that's okay yeah
the rent the rent an apartment you
stolen your money when it's not going
it's just you car's gone
you loyal bad million subscribers are
you kidding me so I can smell your
birthday we just crossed eight million
in climbing on the vlog Channel guys
honestly ridiculous numbers man you guys
have been blowin this channel through
the roof I'm just watching this live
count just scroll up and up and up and
it's all because of you guys always
sharing and showing so much love to
these blogs these daily videos almost
daily almost
and it's because of you guys men so
thank you so very much you're so loyal
and so ridiculously awesome and I was
kind of speechless right I want to say
it needs a sleep I said I need to stop
at them on everybody's like oh yeah
that's a little more special Pablo oh
you need Starbucks yes I need underwear
I'm not making that up happy makes me
happy that's right uh okay I'm gonna go
in here what about that place Hot Topic
you left that on your high school days
hey just so you know the underwears
non-refundable fine sure yeah after I
stayed on my chrome away from it what is
format card me and I just formatted your
card oh that means I start fresh with
the blog today shit one of these for
each one of your toes yeah like five of
them
mission complete we got everything we
needed and we got I'm going to show you
guys these Italy I know you are we made
it we made it by dark you guys said my
daughter really did one of those just
move us like right ah that was a big
good idea what do you do that but can
you actually hide the boss that's the
thing I don't thinks we can get a spot
like Wham okay so jewel true of our
girls are still in the mall we said be
back by darkness not back maybe we hide
the bus can we hide the bus I'm gay okay
when they get close you're gonna drive
away okay this is a good old-fashioned
tour bus removal
go ahead Moses you're headed tourism you
got your tape come on towards the door
yeah man what was that that was a pickup
was that that's what that was
it's all right man we'll get a nice
truck
20 minutes late for bus call nine unit
is better than 33 good night sir does
that even mean
Oh because we were late yesterday my
women be shopping time to eat a little
bit you know it wouldn't be a dinner
though me and brick stopping at an
Outback with the whole crew sir this
guy's been drinking we need to wish for
him to run ship him out it's the whole
reason we came right here pussies down
there saying like a restaurant took
bloomin onions off their menu because
they were unhealthy and then Pablo was
like well you know what how did they
loaded theirs with cheese and bacon and
fries
thanks guys
I don't even know I didn't tell you his
mother there you know you know that only
ordered this so he could eat it I'm not
mad you are right well here we go we're
off to Philly back to Philly we're in
Jersey right now okay so here we go
let's do it it's the shaggin wagon baby
shagging why did you know that yours
just taking people search know they
found it in the room yes treasure
we'll just take
and I just got I gotta share this with
everybody so on this tour you guys every
night
bring me Swedish fish lots a swedish
fish pussy is now becoming addicted to
swedish fish as well he's been eating
all the swedish fish and out of nowhere
he just looked over at britney and said
you want to eat you want to eat swedish
fish you just said like i didn't want to
be the only one like i imagine you're a
complete stranger to each other and just
look over and say i reenact me how it
happened this how it happened you out
already
ah guys thank you we are working into
the night we are saying goodbye for
today we love you so much i hope you
realize how freaking awesome you are how
important you are you are one-of-a-kind
i'm not just saying that everyday i'm
saying it because you don't listen to me
you don't believe me yet you are
absolutely beautiful i hope you guys
understand what i'm saying to you you
are so important in this world we need
to all work together we all need to be
one team we're all in this together i
love you guys so much man that's all I
got for today thank you for eight
million subscribers today that was it
completely caught me off guard
honestly it's always because of your
tweets that I seen it I was like nah nah
nah Photoshop photos maybe it's real
eight million friggin so so so so for I
love you guys man keep your head up keep
pushing through everything I promise you
these little problems you're dealing
with will become little in the future
and you'll probably end up just laughing
at them I love you your beautiful smile
come on out here
