be wrong with no doubt good mommy yo yo
you'll roll your weed inna row your with
it up you know one excuse me do you know
how to get to the Royal Convention
Center no idea I'm not from the Saviour
I'm not messed up - you lost yes I'm
here come here
see have no idea what's up much how are
you
what oh my god oh my god yeah you are
definitely you oh my god I gonna see the
theater oh my god you tonight that was
unbelievable oh man he's cheering in the
air
tor officially starts what up Pablo
ready to do this today's the day man
hates the day what's up guys how are you
sure you guys are awesome y'all coming
tonight no no you're not
did you hear that what he said tour
tickets are too much Pablo guys welcome
to the vlog today's a dude you all right
wait that's my dance it's official it is
time today
this place will be filling with
beautiful people that we will entertain
and I will beat foo see we have the
tickets we did this during the MVP tour
and I had a blast doing it basically we
go around the city at every show and we
hide tickets on snapchat
really fun people come out this is a
weird thing to just have to sitting
around we know who they were for alright
so when I say like you know they want to
vote for their winner Oh
we will wait so these light up these
light up all their RV dude that is
awesome
Roman you hold up the red side or busi
red side Roman blue side see yo you see
that alright we got our tickets we got
ten tickets to get out to wish we go
like hard my hotel room when I did this
before
it only took ten minutes no matter where
we went minutes there was people running
from every direction so I feel like it's
so dangerous though so it's like playing
Pokemon go yeah go right out on the
streets all right how about that place
we were yesterday where we flew the dry
the river by the river started under a
rock anyways we got 10 tickets we're
looking for places to hide them
somewhere fun somewhere you know I guess
it's all the same we can put them
anywhere and just see what happens just
put these tickets in this brick in the
brick at berwick let's go we don't
always have the option to sit and wait
but we're gonna wait for this one and
see if anybody shows up at Berwick
then then you made it so hard that I
wanted to start hard because it was too
easy before he didn't even show the band
haha
time is it right now - 50 - 250 - let's
see how long it takes
oh guys only off each other what time is
a hard each other
- 54 2 minutes yes who there's a little
oh he's jumping they hugged each other
see you guys at the show ok let's go
hide some more Romain was 100% right no
a minute a minute and we're in the
middle no even more impressive the snap
had only been up four minutes which only
a certain amount of people see that a
couple minutes all right we're gonna
drop the next ones at Peter W Reilly
elementary school oh here we go
already though you're gonna come where
they where they where they take it right
there
he dropped his phone he dropped his
phone look in the bush we showed him
what bush put it in there is he's
looking oh because they don't know
what's on dioxide it is sauce guys
people found them right there he's gonna
find it in two seconds he thinks they're
gone oh yeah alright we just put four
tickets under the Gold's Gym sign let's
see how long it takes I feel like you've
just casted you throw your bait out in
the water and you're waiting for a human
like we're we're fishing for humans it's
a live version of Pokemon yeah this is
what Pokemon is Pokemon go oh it's a
girl yeah she's gonna find it
a that is it for today on tickets pussy
actually gave away the last pack to a
couple fans in Starbucks so they're gone
that's it but we're going to do it in
every city hopefully we have time to do
it in every city some days maybe two
tickets for tickets 10 tickets 20
tickets it's going to be fun so stay
tuned on our snapchats for that bound go
where
hey guys welcome back to Ohio this is my
outfit don't make fun of me until you
realize why I have to wear this outfit
t-shirt shorts and really muddy boots
hey what are you boys doing huh Oh
Zeus easy hey cane down chicka wow wow
you got shorts and boots on - all right
I'm not sure what I got myself into
today what are we doing amber we're
slinging - we're a sling and poo
we're clean in horse stalls so I'm
probably sure most of you don't know but
my mom and my sister have a horse um and
they have it at somebody else's barn and
to help board or like you know pay for
your horse to stay in their barn they
clean saws so they talked me into coming
today I don't know how but I'm here
Steve donkeys bring them right here Oh
donkey so this is there horse evening ja
my ninja looks like I'm in jail I'm in
jail let me see great
hey I'm say hi better get my arm out of
this cage hi I am bite me so they've had
this force for 18 years which is crazy
huh come here come see me what you guys
doing why don't you taste it it's gonna
taste like here oh I would be so mad hi
kiddies we always have to have kitties
and barns chase away the mic just keep
your mouth closed
all in just how we put it up there
waitwhat
how you put it up there
I think I'm about
Oh
Oh Oh that lifts up that's pretty cool
oh he's awesome
are you jealous come here I'll put you
to hi oh hi buddy
you want to come home with me I think
he'd fit in the back of the track huh oh
I didn't come home and say hi he's
playing with balls yeah what oh just
some bug close your mouth I got watching
from over here oh my gosh look at this
horse I'm playing at the ball he's
playing soccer cane
we're seeing that eat that heck know how
much to eat it
1 million um for me to eat it this
happen snow yeah should I eat it I
should I goes you'll give me $5 if I eat
it yeah I'm giving you your own I'm
giving you $2 I almost hit the lights on
they threw it high I knew now I horse
poop everybody bye say bye everybody
hey so we just got home from the barn I
am beat tired and I have to pack at the
pack my goose I will see you guys
tomorrow
ba team foo see oh wait just kidding
alright I guess you got a blog something
real quick cuz I see all these smile
more shirts guys what's up
you guys always proved me this isn't
just merch this is a message this is a
movement that we are creating all you
guys out in public wearing these shirts
Oh what is that get out of here look at
this it's amazing you guys are awesome
look I always tell you guys to smile
more but you guys actually make me smile
more
oh alright this is the very last guy on
the meet-and-greet tell me what you just
said alright so you know how Cain
dropped in on one what yeah it wasn't on
a real skateboard I wanted to get him
real - that is so amazing you tricks on
it and you had to ride it he's doing so
good like I'm so proud of him he's gonna
do a backflip because of this cuz he's
actually on my team no no right guys
here we go we're getting ready
he's almost Showtime our first show I am
it's kind of personal but before every
show I get what's called the nervous
poops this is true dude I it's not it's
not a fake thing like you actually get
nervous you be like you gotta go number
two do you get that no my shirt by the
way you're so thank you so more don't
forget I definitely smell yours when
that happens it doesn't I don't go
that's the thing I just my mind says I
have to go I'm probably just don't feel
it 10 minutes gentlemen any minute stop
that
see now - now my heart's racing at five
I'm gonna faint
all right we're ten minutes so go time
I'm getting dressed check this out I
figured this would be great for the show
so I got these just for tour Oh foo see
like these Li like I've never even worn
on the first day my size guys I'm ready
I feel good man feel nervous when both
your arms go too long I say you know you
read I said this to you last tour I'm
very proud of you I'm excited to share
this stage with you and I'm really happy
to have you as a brother
thanks man we're going up right now yeah
right now
yeah I'm not I got poop no they already
said it's time you're going you're going
this way you're coming say from oh I see
right
you love
can we go - I'm nervous on my own
so many people
jump in thanks man they're ready they're
ready that's a good crowd out there my
heart is pounding
just a bad idea see it was good it was a
major this is
every everybody cover your heads lose
those yeah
go you can have them on
Oh
it was awesome unbelievable
dude that's a wrap her first completely
success Roy
yo that crowd was insane man everybody
other city has a lot to live up dude
there was no empty seats no man it was a
hassle and you know what they loved it
loved it there's a light bars oh my god
was that so it looked fun too was that
great do we are proud I'm proud of the
whole team yeah sound lighting effect
everything oh my god
pom pom pom Annabella is amazing thank
you guys so much after the show we kind
of go through everything you guys
prepared and sent us and was it Oh see
that's awesome Wow oh we broke a little
bit what is this you're frowning allowed
no frowning allowed did I love that
I'm adverse Lucy oh my god okay so we
not even technically supposed to go
outside right now cuz it is nuts
but there's police outside moving
everybody unfortunately at this point
it's becoming a safety issue with the
crowd so I have police out there and
they're going to clear the street for us
we need to jump in the van and go okay
it's not yours again say hi to anybody
they're gonna rush the bike ride you can
weigh you on the way out but we need to
get out of here we got PD sitting there
and there if they call more units in
it'll be worse than it is okay let's go
I just want to take a moment to thank
every single one of you for the support
daily and you understand what we're
doing on this vlog and that is pushing
positive messages man that's what it's
all about
oh boy I see I see police lights
okay
Oh
um believable unbelievable you see in
this I'm shocked I'm so sorry
oh man bingo
I've never had a police escort before
holy smokes he's doing some oh my fast
and furious driving my they said it's a
safety hazard I feel I don't want
anybody getting hurt
speechless you know that's the most
intense this is gonna get it all the
police oh yeah this is Joe one bro show
one warm brown bra show one said I say
bro soldier Russell Russell the Romans
yeah
alright we have made it to haven't eaten
like all they had eggs and bacon for
breakfast and that is it I'm sorry we
found one blaze here that is open and
we're gonna eat and I call it a night
like I'm dude I went so high up with
adrenaline and now I crashed
oh dude are you guys ready for the
crashes yeah it's bad as hard as the
gentleman other before you walk out on
the stage you have like an adrenaline
that you like a little evening do you
feel like you'll be reeled through a
wall like you feel like you could just
run through a wall if you need to lay
that massage
I might actually take you up on the bed
I think that the only thing that I can
do at the end of this vlog right now is
thank you guys from the bottom of my
heart tonight was such an eye-opener for
me
unbelievable dude I don't even know what
to say I'm probably like extra emotional
because the excitement and the the
amount of support that we saw tonight
what do you think of this dude how's
that chicken unbelievable man the love
and admiration that they have for you
the love and admiration that they have
for me is just it's unbelievable thank
you guys so much you guys are very very
very kind and I'm glad that we have two
amazing families who just spread love
and positivity is amazing yeah I love
you in that shirt tomorrow more baby
thank you guys for absolutely everything
we love you I will thank you in every
single vlog it is just as much needed
thank you guys for everything we love
you we will see you tomorrow in New York
City your beautiful smile more oh stop
stop
don't panic Roman where are we while
Spiros right here I don't know what that
is I mean what's a while spear oh man
here are you cereal in the camera on the
counter I'm gonna record you in it go
what do you mean just go stand there
