alright here we go go ahead baby
welcome to Birmingham guys we're just
I'm just starting my blog it is very
late in the day we all crashed
incredibly hard I think we slept that
into hard drive nice shirt man oh thank
you not good friend where is it all I'm
jealous because I don't have insurance
I'm wearing the same exact outfit I wore
yesterday I left all my clothes in the
hotel I left all my clothes in Scotland
so I'm still running with a hill clothes
I had no time to go to the store no BGR
I'll live I just smell fun to our small
pond is that is that good or bad I don't
know what that means
oh they say that a man's body odor is
like a natural aphrodisiac for women did
you know that that is not true yeah I
didn't say it's true I said that's what
then he said oh yeah I don't know it's
in the dictionary so welcome to logs
guys this tour definitely got the best
of us today we were really struggling
really struggling really strong I'm not
talking with you I'll help you up I lay
down I go back to sleep I can't go back
to sleep it's time to play it's time to
go it's time to lift people up you guys
oh god let me lift you up he's showering
sure is can't get in it's in the green
doors a lot okay awesome
I need ice i spices Antartica dude
there's a curtain are you go to five we
have more time to that yeah oh nice just
finish oh I'm literally right we're so
behind and I just compressed yesterday's
vlog I'm about to upload it backstage
I'm wrapping my cast tonight in this
blue camel I'm team Buddha so I should
rock some blue right here's your only
blue I have fortunately you got it do
you need help no I wrap this thing so
many times I'm like a pro like people
come to me now when they heard their
hands if I wrap it for him oh yeah hey
if you ever punched pillow or something
I can help you you're gonna real good
job of that
I've never done that before
ten minutes who I need is blowing up
alright guys were kind of working around
today we're about to walk out for our
show in Birmingham England right now I'm
very excited it's a small show but it's
very important show because it's
intimate personal it's only a thousand
seats and she got sold it out at your
house house house beautiful preset his
handheld whoa whoa pop table what do you
know this is have some fun yo ready
bring it like they don't
we pretended all day not to know it was
his birthday so can we sing happy
birthday to DJ right now
guys welcome to London we have made it
here and is a shame that we haven't
really got to adventure out into any of
these cities I literally haven't wanted
to vlog much because it's so repetitive
it's it's us in a van it's us at the
show it's us in our hotel for the past
like five days look how many times have
we done the scene we're legit like
asleep or tired the store got us man I
got the best me a show every single
night just starts eating at your brain
like I'm exhausted you can see it you
can hear it I'm tired I gotta head to
the show Brittany's gonna get some sleep
it's like I'm gonna get ready I'm having
like deja vu you're gonna get ready so
we did get to make one stop today on the
way to London there was a family that
reached out to us and we knew we
coordinated it all we were able to stop
at her home where she actually lives and
surprise her so I got a little footage
that I would like to show we're excited
too
did you know we were coming is a
surprise there's Brittany a big white
always says nay imperfect just rabbit
food this is all my stuff they're
straining to doesn't like coming out oh
really
weird yeah boy what'd you do that hello
buddy it's not real what do you have to
do that did you help him do that
come on ray we always Frank's me that's
awesome I'm really really sure you
should Pablo with it oh my god run back
and forth Oh we'll see you again okay
next time next time we're here we'll
come say hi alright see you guys soon
and don't forget so that was absolutely
wonderful not only for the family but
for us when we get to do things like
that it is it man it really feels good
subrip I love you but I gotta go gotta
go so I'm ready I'm ready to go
completely ready is it oh my god yeah if
4:45 you're stalling him you have to
look at you night just lost three
seconds off our time what happened dude
i legit thought i was really late like I
thought I was really late running really
late so to see you like this makes me
feel better about Who I am as a person
London might be more rainy than Ohio
like I think we're set a new record out
here yo what's up baby how you doing
Roman how how was your life going let me
explain something miss Kane I miss Kane
meet greet started at 5 o'clock yes I
miss Kane yeah it's 5:12 I tried to
derail the subject or something we're so
late yo whose fault is it I dare you to
say me I'm not saying you but I dare you
to say me 100% you 100% Pablo
hundred percent and I'll say it to his
face okay for those of you who don't
know earlier today we did something
super special which you will see during
the documentary and we were on a time
crunch we had to go and Pablo's our tour
manager he's supposed to be responsible
and I said Pablo like four times let's
go he goes all right let me round up the
troops ten minutes later I look in the
back yard he's shooting bow and arrows
yo we are in London
oh my god very last show very excited it
is gonna be big it's our biggest show
we've ever done you know the shows are
big when we don't get out in front and
we have to drive back to like the
private dock look at this
selfie queen selfie queen right there
there's no way we have this place filled
up sold out my man alright warping it
over to the meet-ups freak out I say
more like use it a lot warping warping I
show me oh that looks new yo that's a
good one huh give me five thank you guys
so much
alright you guys are killing me you're
killing me because everybody's beat as
soon as I get home she'll be one
something of that let me see that
Oh Dody that's beautiful man
thank you inspiration that's maja you
know those two words can live with you
forever man it's always I wanted to
shout out
Victoria who said it was bad push them
in my members I have no idea what you
said but I'm gonna put in the law thank
you for coming yeah let's do this go go
go go go go go go I never seen you run
that fast are you guys ready are you
ready it's time for your close-ups come
here I just told my zit Oh give me a hug
don't cry don't you cry don't you cry on
me ah we just what is they string down
sister we just straighten up right past
meet green we are headed back saying we
have a little time we have some guests
coming tonight it should be really
exciting Britney should be here by now
at this point
all right we're passing the
meet-and-greet we're here we got a
special guest Alfie what's up why you
laughing I'm your biggest fan
I'm going out like this should I
go out like this night do it do it when
I went there like years ago and they
stand at the gate they go it's so silly
song yeah like a mad cat you've been
like you can come up to them and be like
this and they're not other will will
move they won't move they're just like
Buckingham Palace right yeah that's me I
just think it was it of us we whoa have
you seen what it was
all right off I'm just gonna ask
straight up I'm just gonna ask you
straight up do you want a really big
blog tomorrow yeah you want a really big
blogspot yeah I've got a good idea as
well I brought something with me really
yeah because I have an idea
but how they knew that that's happened
in many of our show I know that's like
that open it I just saw really text you
today being like by the way there's no
chance machine are gonna shave your head
no chance though you've got wishes we've
all shoot through ha ha let me see your
hair let me see your hair I'm done my
hat I don't care it ever nobody can oh
you got lots of hair long I would feel
bad coming with you these two man oh my
gosh ok we're ready ready walk out I'll
be ready
it's got some fun day we're gonna bring
you about 100% Brit so all in the same
log you guys had the smallest show we've
ever done tonight we'll be looking
biggest show me I've ever done one of
these giant is hmm you're good
shows about to start shows about to
start
so we won tonight me and Finley we took
oh this is never been done before I've
got a very special guest here tonight
what about friendly drops double ran on
his head so you're going to go you're
going to jump in balloon on Alfie
Finley's we got we got Susie up here
such a fun first half oh my god you see
it land on out he is in pot like this
never having we brought people but the
kid landed on a healthy Finley good job
buddy it was awesome just but for
someone too white
I know these venues they're like
scooby-doo hundreds of stairs hundreds
of always hundreds of toys I can't read
it it's crazy yo you're a star no it's
never happened no it is okay okay boozy
yeah swoozie what's up
what did you enjoy that look at me
you're so I'm so you one really kind of
young super good first half that was the
best so far yeah
Suzy the photos - Oh what is this I
don't know how easy or how hard this is
I'm assuming it's pretty difficult but
girls there's nobody I'd rather be on
tour so fun so filete finito did you not
I didn't okay watch the head Megan all
right we're walking out for the second
half you ready let's do it maybe we're
getting oh we wearing the flag out I got
my flag shirt check these out you know I
love these converse so much I'm going to
give away at the end of the show I've
never worn them except for tonight I
ordered a little pretty order two months
ago and I saved them only for tonight so
here we go No thank you for giving me
credit I was going to take all the
credit to put it inside I was like way
to say it Cooper I know Freddie got on
hombre little grit underscore little
underscore bread underscore that
no or videos playing hi that's what they
were saying but I got a piece o young
show I got Imani dude you got to hold
the show London I'm ready if you're
ready
that's our show for tonight
yeah
you
right now thank you
ah
I want Alfie to do it come on come on
check that off Augy okay I'll do one you
do one alright same time last show in
London are you ready let's go you shake
it you guys may remember back in Miami I
promised a special lady that I was gonna
fly her London it wasn't me but you're
here
she made it all the way to yo when I saw
her in the crowd I wasn't even like boo
I was just like oh there she is six
shows we got each other we had fun I
never saw her yeah six Romina
shows which was the best one this one
it was wild London was I can't I can't
deny it was insane I'm so much yeah it
was it fun oh it was so much fun I loved
it
tell me that story we got James in a
Hollyer these are the guys actually the
first time I came to London they gave me
my entire trip painfully took me to
Stonehenge yeah we talked about yeah it
was insane this guy's always treated me
so good when I cut the line so welcome
what did you think of the show it was
incredible ever know what to expect it
was like it's so much energy and passion
in life and like just screaming it's so
awesome to see you guys both it's a
blast show baby we got you yeah yeah BAM
we had no not me I'm worried covered all
right I'm like flipping all over you
already got me
we're belonging right now to guys we are
on being told to stop the live stream I
live streaming right now because the
crowds aren't from are going so crazy
stop stop stop
alright alright alright guys we are live
backstage at our final show our final
show in London England
we got Alfie we've got Jake we've got
all kinds of guest fouseytube I don't
you guys know fussen two ladies here
tonight thank you for coming out with me
tonight I don't play that
I got yes what do you mean you don't I
want to challenge you now in Australia
because I don't play that I drop your
country and take a central gentleman
such a Justin you're so far beyond
security and swoozie earn thanks for
coming out thanks for coming up logging
is the best prize the first time I met
you with cream con your student
government might have been the first
VidCon I was like usual scouting some
wine it goes like 300 K cave at his big
dog you had the longest line out of
everybody now this dude stands in the
longest lines to meet you on this so
it's yes our subscribers are number one
they're the box period there you go
London let's go there the only reason
why
let Brad London's legit I came LA to
here because I chose for the show
because I knew go to the hypest crowd
every year it was insane what's this she
got teary-eyed after your speech okay
are you serious oh the way so much hi
just got to Shiva said this was good
food honest did she get Tia for her she
was like y'all ever heard mad inspired
right here on mine yours was good haha
 against your head she said he
killed bro thank you solving what I
can't say goodbye I want to think about
you buddy
Oh going to the airport you guys yeah DJ
Hubie I'm glad there's no way to say
goodbye
there's no bike rack out there it's not
safe morning best family on we got to
breathe on the turnaround ah even a
venue right now we were not able to say
goodbye to you London I'm sorry juicy
how do you feel about that what he's
like I'm just tweeting it doesn't matter
no I felt very upset
Wow so we arrived at the hotel
welcome to England welcome
okay so we've left our show we've lost a
few people fousey actually bailed on us
not not saying that's bad like ya wanna
he's won our Britney has never been to
London so I know it's really late it's
actually 1217 a.m. we're gonna go show
her a couple common places in London
like Big Ben the London Eye
we're DK baby it's tough so we're out
and about we're gonna check it out and
you guys gonna come along so it should
be fun
I don't know what to expect actually
it's late I'm tired I want pizza that's
Big Ben Big Ben look a little oh yeah
that's it almost midnight
it's past midnight that's the London Eye
right what are you moving ever no way I
don't think you can carry a so I've
never pavement I'm gonna add our spot
here on the London streets looking for
food at 1 a.m. in the morning it's not
that easy to find actually they stopped
a fun you need to make a call baby
should make a call your call home see
all cane and Nora well it looks like
chicken Valley is open Mon country
yo look at that you get the whole
chicken for $7.99
we don't care see here this is ok so
this is your can see well I'm okay with
that I'm okay with that
I love Cassie let's do it Bret yo you've
never been the chicken Valley you never
live oh oh look at that 10 spicy wing me
oh yah man
my in the blog you watch it is in my
windy block if do you watch it is yeah
what's that guy called he shaved
you hand again yeah can't stand that guy
man he just keeps coming come on in here
help he wants to fries yeah is that is
that popular yeah I can get big portions
of fries what movie from the house and
I'm not gonna charge him I'm gonna show
you that so fast
Oh Chevy it's been an honor man no
problem I'm so much I'm so happy man
there's so much that you have you have
mine up next time I come I'm coming back
no problem hey yo country how come
McDonald's has more security than we do
look at that line what did give them
burgers up because their hot wings are
better all right guys this is where the
vlog has to end thank you for hanging
out with us thanks for traveling with us
tomorrow I get to go home and just
tackle my kids to the floor and squeeze
them until they can't breathe no more
I'm so excited man thanks again for
being here for travelling like I just
said it means the world to us standing
on top of that stage tonight learnin was
you know I'll never forget it my whole
life guys so without you I wouldn't be
here I love you we are on the road to 9
million subscribers right now if you can
take one minute and share your favorite
vlog get people to come check out the
channel we are almost there after that
it is 10 million so let's get to 9 first
thank you guys for everything we love
you we will see you back in Ohio with
the family two kids and uh sit we're
gonna pass out I love you you're
beautiful
you're one of a kind smama ha ha i just
opened the screen up for the first time
ha ha ha oh this is me I sure had this
last night
