why
you
when you are
alright guys let's do this welcome I
made it this is uh we're in Boston
I mean Boston Massachusetts dude I
haven't been here since I was a little
kid I actually came with my family uh
mom and dad when I was really little I
remember old I was but we came here to
go whale watching it's like so formal
man just about all you guys are aware
that I am on tour as of now today starts
tour we are on two days of tech
rehearsal and rehearsal and actually as
new parts of the show that we haven't
even rehearsed yet so it's a little
Shady
so yeah just getting settled in thank
you guys for coming and watching today
and that just being a part of this new
journey man this is a new chapter in my
life going out on the road and doing
these big venues these videos are huge
is like 2,800 people here in Boston at
the show which to me is big it's not a
stadium with things like that but it's
big like it's big to me it's a big crowd
I try to try sit down in this room dude
I want to sit here you want to sit at
the couch do you want to sit there there
you wanna sit at the desk maybe you want
to sit on the bed I love it man don't
lay down don't lay down don't lay down
don't do room service hey baby what out
there you ready
welcome to the are you ready the foo
seat or oh you bathroom oh my god really
like that Joseph it up with Lucy we're
about to head out actually I think
they've been waiting like a half hour
downstairs you sure yes I feel horrible
is which you have to shave all day I
know
Rose will take that raise you have to do
it another 10 minutes all right guys we
got Jim we got Pablo's body unleash man
so good you guys are on this on this leg
of the tour I wasn't sure actually
you're gonna leave us yeah I've got a
couple of days we got this get this
condor could you we still have the
projectile launching I've got bigger
better this time
III didn't take the look lessons like
today can I work mortars that go off
yeah well they say they won't burn kids
they won't I don't think so
the halls there I didn't hear them yeah
I know after it gets down you know the
intensity of the heat is diminished and
we're safe but fine plus all the kids
like when you come into the show you you
get put one of them flame retardant well
just just for the first six rows it is
the six row six rows is cool who are you
buddy that's with the insurers I was
gonna ask you can I do stand-up the
stand-up comedy yeah let's go guys
really oh I just wanna do 5 min you
should 5 5 minutes that's like 20
percent of the show this part wait is
this you think this will be good is this
open this was all in the 60s what's not
breakfast food but it's proud dude I
never had money's gyro genre it's great
euro euro gyro hero gyros like a
something keeps balance right yeah dude
the restaurant had red ball it wasn't me
Red Bull renew it move it she said red
boot
you see what see what it does you get on
the road you to start doing bad habit
together I've went so long without
cranking this now here we go
there we go now it's just starts from
here that'd be sick for the drum go up
in a lightning storm yeah right we might
roll don't be a baby fly that drone
right up in that thunder slay my
question is why do you have a Joan why
do you even know how to operate a drone
barely it does it for you don't act like
you're some problem why it lifts off it
lands it does everything yeah but to
give a static of the shot oh yeah I suck
at that I'm pretty much I'm good at
going up and down nope what are you
doing but on the wrong way what are you
doing home in lots of time there's a put
them on your Machado are we really gonna
do this should I get it yeah come on we
gotta go whoo I got a wonderful come on
here's what I haven't got it
because I'm a sucker for that kind of
stuff and I'll get addicted to it and we
won't have a show okay sugars no show
there's a showers are Zaher Zaher in
here get it let's get up all right shut
the door shut the door problem here we
go again
whoo what's up buddy
no so far gone how are you handed good
to see ya
how you gonna do who's gonna be here put
it all on there oh we know what's gonna
happen here yeah right
tomorrow is bother Pokemon are you
serious right now
there's actually one on the stage yes
what if during our show everybody's just
playing Toby won't know there's my plan
here's my plan
I'm gonna tell everybody in the audience
to drop a lure that means all the rare
Pokemon come out in our during our show
yeah everyone is gonna drop a lure at
one point in time all the rare Pokemon
are gonna be in here we're gonna leave
with like the best of the best every
show
and we're gonna all ladders Tala back
around for four steps with a little
railing at the top yeah that'd be good
yeah those are easy to handle and really
easy to try and dude as long as the
mortars go off on time like I'm good see
you guys just yeah yeah totally dude
you've had a lot of like bad ideas like
I'm not alive oh this is not one this is
genius
I love check this out on fire hahaha
that's genius
he's gonna fly out into the crowd during
our shows is that liability issue that
so much control what if I shoot it with
the confetti cannons hey these
propellers I got stitches from they can
go straight on somebody's head
you got stitches from that tiny little
boo-boo tiny little glue if I fly this
on you right now stop it's going on it's
honest boy now you're doing that I swear
I'm not look my hands aren't under this
and I did you got so lucky what is it
man so I don't know if you guys know
this but Roman has to use a bathroom all
the time they even brought a porta potty
on stage for him to use the bathroom
where do you think he is right now the
bathroom so in Massachusetts two days
early for tech rehearsal and rehearsing
our tour and actually making it better
last five shows was awesome but we've
added things that we've taken out things
we didn't like we've added things that
we like and they're having a little tech
issue right now so we're walking around
it's beautiful out here
Luci you seriously how you gonna tell me
you never play it it's all you've done
that's a lie
just got it so we're just hanging out
man goofing off playing games waiting on
tech to finish up and dude I'm excite
about that drone stuff inside we
do that every show have the drone war
he's talking alone thinking about his
Pokemon comment on Romans blog with the
best Pokemon you pot was oh that's a
good idea
I don't even know all I know is the red
and white ball that's it that's the only
thing I know cuz you see that every
journal a sketch on ashen future yeah
okay there you go
yeah
we can do in a funny way where I put on
my shoulder
look what just come across my vlog
what's up guys look at that t-shirt how
are you guys let me keep down let me
come down say hi it's a little far down
hi guys what's up man
and it's oh no are you how are you give
me five I love your shirt
welcome back to the house where we are
not doing much now I worked all day in
the Sun where store came and I just had
dinner and I just grabbed the camera
like I'm gonna try and vlog for a little
while and I guess just see what we do
this is it playtime okay I think we've
had a little bit of playtime already so
yeah usually the first few days of me
vlogging I feel like it's a bit rocky
but I'll get the hang of it and I'm
trying just remember I'm not at all us
everyday bloggers like Ronan who's not
the bottom of that skateboard like your
dad let me see oh I'll go is that good I
love this skateboard do you love it
flash let me see that again then again
you know what oh my gosh dude I can't
leave your skateboarding my baby
skateboarding like makes me so sad but
so excited I'm so excited you're like oh
my gosh you're so good we are headed to
I need to go to electronics so we're
going to Best Buy I think snow
dude you said it was closer than driving
for like an hour we're actually about to
go into New Hampshire are you serious
Wow mini dude were you taking us dude
he's taking us to go Pokemon smile a
little bit
smile mother you look like a trucker
down in Ohio dude welcome to it are you
kidding me
welcome to new head are you laughing
about Apollo are you going on the best
bye oh we're going I'm getting to get
one of them wide-angle clips because I'm
live two hours on live streaming in to
our just just the best hat in the world
this is yeah I'm not just trying to sell
it I know I'm not either going live in
two hours I'm gonna get one in wide
flips is when I do the what uh live
slowdown room when I do the live stream
it's always so close I'm gonna try I
don't know if it's actually gonna where
I get a you should let me do you
mind what if I were this I brought three
of them I'm gonna give one to away it
tomorrow show and if you take one and
then I got one for me
boom Yosh I get a mobile photography kit
I know I got one I think look at this
that's like livestream City right there
damn you need it right now by every is
for live streams right now I think so
and Bobbi this one
uh-oh find me this while you're at it is
you need that yeah we are so blasted
with choices on and so many choice right
there's 20 different wide-angle Clips I
can't pick one how do you know which is
the best I just want the best yo is
beautiful out here
look at that
Pablo will stayed away in now back in
thinking alright guys working back to my
room bout to go live in ten minutes and
I'm gonna try I'm gonna try something
stupid I've never done it see if there's
enough room in here
yeah there is we're gonna fly the drum
live in here yeah I know it's a good
idea I know
don't tell me to fly this drum this is
bad this is a bad idea
this isn't even the bad part wait till
we go down the hallway we gotta do it's
me solo
a recording yeah
my case I got did you oh oh oh my god I
had you oh my god - Han is my turn my
turn fly the drone ah dude I'm nervous
have some fun when I get out I'm not
good outside why never inside go over
here like an obstacle go around the bed
and come back just like that yeah is
easy easy so easy
well Lucy rector drone on the livestream
I didn't get it the block
it's the Falkland this is bad
got to gog you in it i love on his
profile says crazy dad it makes me smile
i've got to take a quick second give
some love to one of our sponsors on this
channel you guys know we have many
sponsors on this channel one of them is
audible.com about him about every other
month and they're just really good to us
they're always hooking you guys up this
is the audio book website it's a genius
website it's it's a think about it now
how do you guys like to read a lot you
like to read but there's a lot of places
you can't read right like you can't read
you can't read in the shower you can't
you could always say this in the balls
for anything like me i'm just not that
good comprehending what i read i read I
can read fine I read
but it just goes in and out I just can't
uh focus on what I'm reading when I
listen to it it's great it's it's it's
definitely where it's at check it out a
lot of you guys schools coming back up
you guys can listen to your books in
school a lot of you guys are allowed to
you don't have to read anymore you just
listen to it
check it out put in the top of the
description audible.com forward slash
Roman just check it out it's audible.com
forward slash Roman for the deal on the
discount just use forward slash Roman to
get the deal man they're hooking it up
always always big shout out to those
guys go you dressed you dressed yeah you
just wreck my drone and leave you just
wrecked the drone and leave or did you a
propeller it'll it'll be here in ordered
one propeller yeah it'll be here now you
should have got me to do yeah but the
one is coming in three years oh sorry
I'm trying to call my mom
why
wait wait wait don't do that Romans Oh
Oh is rape more huh oh my god you think
I had it look it was recording dude oh I
was trying to run from it
I got cornered anything I held up the
chair just like as a joke and then you
actually came right at us it's fine it's
fine but you broke up Rafael a dinner
yeah - I actually break it you dinged it
alright guys thank you for hanging out
with me today thanks for coming on this
trip with me we're gonna have a fun time
and I hope to show you a little bit of
what it's like to be on a tour I know
every tour is different and that is all
I got for you guys please give Brittany
a little love she she wants to vlog
she's just a little discouraged give her
some love today guys tell this flood the
comments with Brittany should vlog and
hit that thumbs up for her and hopefully
we get a lot more family action in these
vlogs cuz that's a big part that I love
to see as well and when she sends me the
footage it's just like that feeling you
guys probably have when you watch it for
the first time I get to watch it for the
residence it's very cool I love you guys
hit me in the comments we'll see you
tomorrow
hope to see see hope to see alive
Wednesday and Massachusetts and York
Thursday and it's just gonna be so much
fun we love you you're beautiful smart
dude this is Chris blocks nothing by the
way I can see right through it are you
gonna like it here watch me
look no I'm leaving I'm leaving I'm just
saying it looks so shady back here in
this corner like you've got like towels
and
