alright guys welcome to the vlog we are
back in Ohio and I pretty much was just
gonna skip the entire flight and just
start the vlog here in Ohio what's going
on what's up an inch off but I made it I
know that feeling
mommy almost hit a car so guys we're
back home or three for three it's sunny
again this is our third time flying home
to the sunshine beautiful day in Ohio
gorgeous kind of like I'm just gonna
skip the whole flight I was like let's
just start the vlog in Ohio how many
times can I show the same flight over
and over in the vlogs my side of the
pillow music montage the coolest thing
is we're at the airport we're sitting
we're waiting for our flight and I saw
not a smile more shirt a new smile more
shirt
mine is blue I just saw my own shirt and
bubbly yes dude give me five he just got
it the other day dude I couldn't believe
it
and the kid lives in LA los angeles that
means it's already gotten floss Angela
mine was blonde so we are alone we've
spent most of our day flying it's
already 552 p.m. let's make the best of
it let's start fresh hope you're having
a great day if you're not let's start
right now whatever problems you're
having push them aside for the next 10
minutes or however long this hug is
let's have a good day man slap a smile
on your face
dude our little Bush our little our
little tree bloom dude those flowers
everywhere let's go see our puppies
let's go see our puppies oh my my mom
how are you hi so sizes you're still be
here hmm
yeah look how tall he is he's as tall as
you came oh yeah oh this is all you care
about right here that's it that's it so
he cares about you missed you more than
me yeah Oh flash he's got the little
alligator teeth hey boy
ah it feels good to be home mama
I get to be home for one day oh goodness
ask her she want me to go tomorrow
Horsham season oh she do it so if your
clothes rings she done it she did it why
they already been shrunken no naughty or
nice keep working man now hey so flat I
think flash miss me do you miss me flash
huh
easy easy easy boy not wasting no time
we are starving we have not eaten today
like I had to I did I just bought it
breakfast no she had two bites of it and
I had a few drinks of water and I had a
few little hard pretzel things making
tacos uh Neal making tacos
uh will you drink this milk Brittany I'm
Noah my juice water flash that's really
nice you two hook flash up with some
water just giving him water how's the
fishies doing let's see oh it's so blue
wow that looks a little better still
pretty blue Wow oh yeah big snail
sucking on the glass everyone's still
rocking everyone's still here and then
on this side of the tank it's got a
little port hole inside Caine's bedroom
that you can see into the tank love it
looks so pretty from inside here Hey
look at you that is awesome game daddy
can't even do that
do it again do it again dude you're so
fast at it that's crazy
it was almost here yeah
think he's here yeah I think Noah's here
I think Noah's here huh huh see anybody
out there see
you see anybody out there flash you see
anybody huh damn that's not Rory
you came was just chanting your name no
no pretty much gonna go check on
everything make sure everything's good
we're gonna go check on the store check
on the the aquarium in the store
whoa 360 so much I want to do in so
little time to do it man I just want to
play in goof-off boots cold in here okay
there's the e oh he's kind out he
doesn't really come out that much you
just kind of like oh sorry bud huh Oh
cuz I just turned the lights on they're
all hiding back in the reef
this tank is uh it's not glass it's
acrylic it's so clear that it almost
looks like there's no glass like it
almost looks like there's nothing there
it's crazy
I wishes eel would just come out and say
hi you see him moving what would you do
if he came out holding a sign odd prime
all the time I look at him look out he's
coming out that's his face right there
he never did that before
there's my little clown trigger dude
that's Noah's favorite the Harlequin
tusk he's got like these uh bright blue
teeth
he's an animal like eyes this looks like
Kingsley Kaymer from her old take he
died oh your old favorite fish seven
years old all right guys here's the goal
daddy has to go over both ramps on this
Oh didn't make it it's so bumpy looks
like I need a soft seat this seats what
you're worried about
yeah you're gonna try it okay
welcome to the club kid all right now
let's sit
you ain't even got back wheels you got
swivels us out there I think you could
make it try again you gotta go over the
second ramp here he comes ladies and
gentlemen round two go pedal pedal ah
sidewalk turn into your guys's play area
darn right it's our player yeah it's the
best play of the house now
no it's not how is that that's scary
you gonna join it let's do it Oh put
that back on that's awesome
G all right fun little family project
anybody can do this and I'm not gonna
sell an expert at this I haven't
probably done it since I was in school
but we're gonna do a paper airplane
contest
dude that's where you wear a helmet
always look doesn't fit good after mama
shrinks them alright let's do this
here's what I thought would make this
fun markers everybody color your plant
do you want to build the plane first
then color it or do you want to color
paper and then build a plane no you're
not gonna know where the designs go
that's true
alright let's do it you're not making a
paper airplane what do you mean no
daddy's hobby no straight up I'm no
paper airplane expert I know there's a
million ways to make a paper airplane
but this is how I used to do it as a kid
this is exactly what I would do so oh
that's good I think the main objectives
get that point it's all about that point
but then these don't line up you know
I'm all about that point about that
point we're just gonna keep we're just
gonna keep folding it man I literally
keep folding it no yours done
flatten it down squish it down make it
real fast oh okay
how's that how's that look did you like
it
okay you can have this one you got color
it was good I think we got some stiff
competition out here you just did all
that oh my gosh whoa I just did a big
turn
have you seen there's people that take
like they make a paper airplane they go
up on top of like a skyscraper and they
throw the paper airplane it goes so far
yeah somebody high I guess for that
matter people also take watermelons and
bowling balls and throw them off so we
don't we don't influence that we're
doing little living room activities okay
I think if you did that like what you
just said like that I'll turn it no stop
playing but we're going for distance
here speed so now so now you want to
take and continue to bend like that make
it narrow sleek fast how you doing mr.
concentration this is fun I love it
every planes different I gotta cover my
I mean come on yet all right
I slowly drew everything upside down all
right we got team Noah we got th
everything upside down - Brit speed Brit
speed em all right Kane fell in love
with my planes so now that's his and I
am now team Kane all right throwers get
up to the line we don't have a line
where you guys wanna throw from how
about we start back here okay one two
three
Oh
okay
Noah's with the furthest this way much
gone yeah I open the back door look mine
turn this way oh look where it is came
look two three oh god like this have you
let them go late we see you know what I
knew it stunk so I made the artwork cool
so that I could have your place okay
alright now it's you to me and Kane are
out our plane our planes keep turning
your guys are going nice and straight so
this is for the finale
Oh
Brit speed how is it that I taught you
both how to make the plane and both of
the ones I made sticky I need a good
blame let me throw it let me let me see
what it feels like just throwing them
all right ready here we go whoa this is
so good all right I think Brit takes it
Brit takes it tonight she takes she
takes the paper airplane distance
competition flashes like I knew you were
the winner all the time
dude does not even look like a puppy
anymore look at it his head's almost
bigger than yours already alright guys
that was fun it was really fun I can't
believe how different I can't believe
all different every plane is even though
we designed we did it all the same but
they all fly totally different so weird
so weird to hear that he's asking if
he's 32 or 33 you're 33 33 10-minute
talk if he's Tony 32 or 33 have no
recollection of how old I am
that is so weird I thought but you had
me going you said 32 and I honestly
believed you from when I was like whoa I
just gave a year we had to do the math
cuz you in 2000 he was 17 so crazy I
never thought that can happen where you
actually lose track of your age remember
 you did I know we had the whole
argument with Shay - you didn't know how
old he was
wow that's so weird it just happened to
me Wow well unfortunately we spent a lot
of time today traveling got in late and
didn't leave us much time for a vlog but
it is did I change
yeah took up my hoodie and change my
shirt cuz i stunk like an airplane but
okay it's okay cuz you're laying on my
bed poor I don't want airport
yeah just sleep so good like just
perfect just sleep great you know what I
mean you know I mean your lights on or
lights off tonight I know you're kind of
like I love you buddy
Saudis
well how'd you get pain to pass out what
kind of magic spell did you cast our boy
actually I just told him goodnight
anyone any cheese we're wrapping the
vlog up that's exactly we're doing we're
saying goodbye
thanks for coming home with us back to
Ohio again I'm only here for well about
time you're watching this unpacking to
leave for tour so it's gonna be great
it's gonna be fun I get to come hang out
with you guys lots of you guys man these
are big shows there's only two three
thousand Cedars like this big for me I'm
not you I don't perform I'm not
performing on stage to me when I walk
out today Brit is gonna be joining me
for a lot of shows not all of them Oh
anyways we gotta go guys thank you again
for being here man I I don't know what
to say about today's but I don't you
know what I filmed like literally we got
home I walked around with the camera we
goofed off we play we made paper
airplanes and that's it we love you guys
so much thank you we will see you
tomorrow if you watch this entire blog
this one I'm curious about is like on
the days that we're not doing anything
exciting I'm curious to see who watches
to the end of these videos so tell me
leave a comment tell me if you watch
this whole video like up to this point
right now love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow you're beautiful you're one of
a kind
stay positive man smile more try to
swing try to swing them whoa get John
get John King
look
