okay so Rama just left to go in film at
the factory and somehow the keys were
playing over here and all these boxes
just caught on fire
um I mean should we call a fire
department welcome to the vlog guys
today at holy cow okay okay how do we
explain today how do I explain it in the
background here Pro I mean we're gonna
show him but how do I explain it like
what the heck
one of the most random things we've done
guys um in about a week and a half
actually when I get home from tour I'm
about to announce one of my biggest
projects that I've ever done I've ever
worked on um they don't know they have
no idea I mean this is this is a huge
secret like I've never even talked about
it one time it's just a huge project and
today we are shooting we're shooting
something we're shooting something for
this project and it is is very uh it's
personal it's a personal project it has
nothing to do with companies it is it is
me is my family it is Noah it is Kane
it's Britney it's my parents it's my
brother is a big family project very fun
and unique so you think the best place
to start is to just show you around show
you what we're doing you're gonna see
everything today but it's really not
gonna make sense for about a week and a
half I guess that's a weekend offs not
bad that's not that long
usually projects you wait a long time
but I've already done all the work
already done it all
so you only have about a week and half
the way so it's a little insight this is
uh and by the way this project is
designed for the world and I know that
sounds weird but it is a project I've
been working on for the world like this
is a big cool thing this is not a
YouTube video this isn't a video at all
like we are shooting stuff but I don't
know how to explain really confusing I'm
probably just messing this whole vlog up
Brittany I love you what the heck are we
doing would be really cool if you put
them like really close to each other
have a nerf battle Oh that'd be cool
yeah so the best I can do right now is
take you on a little adventure we are oh
by the way I wrap my
cast in blue camo today I may actually
have to take this off for today's video
which I'm okay with
I can't want to take it off any chance I
get but let me just show you what's
going on this has been these guys have
been working through the night to make
this happen and of course we're having
troubles like we always have problems
when you've never done this before this
is trial and error how we looking guys
how we looking is this gonna happen yeah
I think so your dad's on it even my
dad's here helping yeah but now as your
angle drops so does your lift quit the
higher this is the better you're asking
okay so they're building what appears to
be a medieval catapult this isn't like
something order in or you buy like he's
been out here building the stuff through
the night to make this happen and it
look at you're making it look cool I
love that like nautical ropes and the
only real issue we're having right now
is the catapult won't actually shoot
it's really hard to see how big it is
unless you're standing there oh wow
that's cool what's up man very good
looks cool so it's pretty easy to see we
got a catapult and we got two castles
red and blue it's pretty easy to see
what we're gonna do but it really
doesn't make sense of why we're doing it
look at this you can actually walk
around on it I know that's like that's
what I'm most excited this part really
is no secret like we're shooting out
we're building two castles blue and red
and we're shooting a different objects
at the castles and it's gonna be when
you're doing things that people at least
around me have never done before it's
all trial and error like you don't fail
you just figure out how to not do it so
they are working on it and they are
gonna get it to work like I'm confident
that this thing is going to shoot
whatever we want over there at that
castle it's gonna happen hey mom what's
up it's it's always interesting over
here it is just number one bar no oh
well it did shoot so it seemed like you
got a little resistance up here yeah the
bag actually
and I think it's way better so there's a
burlap sack that holds the ball right
now we're gonna try to switch it up
maybe yeah we could always cut the one
side off Oh
trial and error guys that's what this is
all about we are learning right now how
to build a catapult like this is we're
all like throwing in our two cents half
of us are wrong all of us are wrong
actually just trying to make it work
it's gonna stick in the bucket no no
we're talking about cutting the top half
of the bucket off
oh it just holds it I like that I love
that hey little buddy
you wanna go up there let's go come on
Oh cover hey yo well you got a jungle
gym until they get this all set up
that's cool mmm I actually wasn't gonna
film any of this stuff guys I was gonna
wait till it's all fun and exciting and
start the vlog then but I thought you
know for singing maybe you guys want to
see us fail a little bit maybe you want
to see what it actually takes to get
this thing working so I just I started
the vlog and here we are not the most
exciting but we're trying we're trying
not only that we're losing sunlight it's
like a real reality show will they beat
the Sun will they make the time I don't
know next best cat dude a 2-liter bottle
that's hilarious can we shoot that no
yeah yeah that's for the rallies all
right well load it up you wanna do the
honors yeah is it shoot it shoots
oh she goes oh here she goes oh oh I
didn't go very far here we go okay okay
that's the one that we tested he went
got the truck hey Laurie what's up we're
gonna we got to drag this cannon port
over there cuz we're losing lights we
need sunshine
see ya
I'm actually really happy I started
vlogging cuz these are like the behind
the scenes that you guys would never get
to see like this the weird crap that we
do this is reminisce from the cop car
still here it's like a little graveyard
for everything we like you've done
I just want to fire this thing so bad
into that castle hope you guys are
having an awesome day man I hope you're
feeling good he's fell this looks
awesome man
it looks so fun okay so the rest of this
we're like shooting this um this
cinematic like they're got all these big
cameras out there and I think it looks
really weird so I have to be really
careful to take my cast off again I'm
writing really careful at all yeah but
does it look weird if I have a cast on
yeah probably yeah later you guys will
see this it'll be like why would he have
like the cast just throws everything off
so I'm gonna take this off actually
which it makes is just beep this is my
last blue right ah feel like you got
pretty lucky
using a tearaway cast oh dude it's the
best I'm able to reuse this actually
when you guys see this video on people
like wait didn't have a broken arm you
guys know I just actually pulled this
off for the video so I have to be really
really careful yeah everything we're
doing is not careful oh that's good good
luck haha you better run I can just pull
this you be dead you be dead
yeah action the best I'm loading the
cannon right now you guys are looking at
me okay look look at me
ready that's perfect let him do that let
him do that all right I'm loading the
cannon I'm loading the cannon I just
shot the cannon run run run run go go
this is straight behind the scenes are
you having fun buddy that's cool right
you like running around action hero
flips this is cool you saved your little
boy Kane you saved him from disaster is
it just them or does he catch up they're
both in it and it's not him it's they're
all three well I I cannot wait you got I
know it looks so weird you guys are so
confused right now when it's all said
and done you guys gonna be like this is
so cool man this is something that we've
been working on a long time as a family
not just something that I've done but as
a whole family we've all developed and
put this together so I'm really excited
and you don't have to wait long it's
like a week and a half it's awesome dude
we should keep this thing what you want
to do with it put in your bedroom so our
launcher doesn't shoot as far as we like
so we have to trick it we did all our
video with it at the castle but now
we're gonna hit this castle with it up
against this castle
we filmed in slow motion totally cool
shows I wasn't really trying to time it
oh I get to really slow down and then
speed up look at that that looks awesome
oh nice good job this thing's a beast
kid did this one that's probably it
that's probably it
all right the work is done we get to
play now Oh huh can I take the camera
and show these people something yeah
these people young man swagger so here's
the front door just walk in not much but
we got the full house well no roof cuz
you know
wait okay here's our favorite piece of
grass yes right there hey - one pawpaw
has a good shot fruit punch got to open
it load it up you're so conservative
with that we're done we can just goof
off Oh
one pawpaw
yeah you can still drink it you can
still drink it it's Auto I won last idea
it wouldn't be a complete vlog without a
little fire we're gonna try to shoot
something on fire as well right we stick
we have to this is like medieval stuff
right here well this is exactly how they
did it they have the pump and everything
they had the little gasoline pump three
two one I don't want all the guests
I think that's official we're done let's
fuck your job guys hey I'll film it you
want to ramp your car through boxes you
guys having fun oh my gosh is this the
front door how do I get in
it's like kid heaven man they could play
all day and niece's whoa it's like
Minecraft you need a roof what if it
rains in the hallway
where's the bathroom in that corner yeah
do I don't worry it's the olden days I
love you baby I'll be right back
that's what love looks like bro that's
what love looks like
okay so Rana just left to go in film at
the factory and somehow the keys were
playing over here and all these boxes
just caught on fire um I mean should we
call a fire department no it's fine they
got the fire department here and we just
determined that not gonna any dead I'm
gonna go out what the hose would be
helpful doing the hose will not reach
out here well no how did that happen
guys I know what happened nerves are
smoking huh
I know what happened I saw a burn mark
in one of those boxes are you mental oh
yeah I didn't know it was good catch on
catch on fire Dale hey um all that huge
sack of blue boxes just caught lit
completely on fire
yeah like huge fire like I almost called
the fire department oh that was that oh
look that was oh wait is that only hope
see the boxes really were all on fire
basically just showed back up it really
did catch on fire I thought you were
kidding
I thought you were joking really that's
awesome
i won I don't want to edit tonight you
gotta edit taught me on this Saturday I
should have no was gonna start editing
vlogs guys I am he's confident I love
that okay all right we're gonna do it
we're gonna do a class what'd you guys
think you know it that would be awesome
job for you
just start editing and I can just sleep
haha we did some crazy crap around here
guys uh boxes caught on fire absolutely
just ridiculous sometimes what we do I
unfortunately part of the secret today
the video that we were doing was not the
secret the cannon pole though castles
that that's not the secret but what
we're working on guys is so massively
amazing for you guys for us it's going
to be great and it's a huge project that
us as a family have been working on a
keep saying it but
they do not know what it is they know
what we did today but they have no idea
why we did it that video that we made
was for what we're doing okay when's
that what do you want to go oh boy oh
yeah okay oh hey you said it like you're
not gonna have any way to find out what
it what I'm delirious no I forgive me I
am out of my mind right now guys uh we
filmed a ton of stuff tonight we worked
all night it is after midnight is way
past bedtime we worked really hard for
this tonight guys and I couldn't film
any of it cuz it really would give up
the secret I promise you it's gonna be
really cool and fun and uh tomorrow we
wake up and we go to Scotland Scotland
you I go to Scotland it's gonna be
awesome guys thanks for hanging out
today thanks for all the fun man we have
been having fun on this channel like
we're having a lot of fun with you guys
thank you for that if you've made it to
this part of the vlog hit that thumbs up
button if you're not subscribed hit the
subscribe button man like fast food it's
free fast and furious that we see in the
analytics like who subscribe to the
channel and who isn't subscribers now
and believe it or not we have more
viewers that aren't subscribed that are
it's crazy like I didn't even understand
that we have more people watch us every
day that are not subscribed than we do
that or subscribe
so more non-subscribed watches more than
subscribe that's right ah it doesn't
even seem right yeah so guys if you
enjoy what we do take a second hit that
subscribe button and hang out with us
man it is so fun and be a part of our
family we will see you tomorrow tell me
in the comments today are you subscribed
put I'm subscribed I'm subscribed like
ah cuz it's just great there's no way
that can be true like it's just blowing
my mind
we love you you're beautiful you're one
of a kind smile more guys
I'll see in Europe because this is it
like we're walking to the plane right
now
this isn't like us driving here being
like we're gonna sky that we're like
this is it alright it's great okay
I'm gonna pass you off to John we're
gonna cut over to their cameras which
are way nicer than this camera and we
will see you right now let's go I'm
nervous I'm like
