are you ready no you're not ready guys
what's up today is the day Brittany is
nervous I'm actually I've been excited
for you like I've been wanting to do
this forever but right now I'm feeling
it I'm feeling a little nervous oh my
stomach
that's the nervous booze the poos are
hitting you that's a real thing the poos
are real I don't think it's a poo I
think it's who the other end
don't you feel like you're gonna throw
up what happens like if I throw up on
skydiving oh my the person that's behind
me I don't think it's just gonna go over
like nice and easy it's just gonna be
like Oh talk about it oh you're not
gonna throw up stop if you're new and
you don't know what's going on Brittany
and I have promised you guys for about I
don't even know maybe a year now that we
would skydive today's the day we're
headed up right now to go skydiving if
you are not subscribed to this channel
please hit the subscribe button I
noticed in the last month so many people
watch our videos but they don't
subscribe so guys hit the subscribe
button let's hang out let's have some
fun hope you're having a great day let's
not waste time like let's go straight
there like I'm just gonna let's just get
there let's go I think you driving
doesn't help either shut up
are you motion sickness and then this
little plane we're gonna be going up
wrapping paper patty-pan through that
yeah it's gonna be backfire baby let's
go you ready
give me five easy gently
there's no turning back now you ready my
knee hurts I don't think I can jump oh
yeah my pinky my pinky hurts too yeah oh
this is legit this is real deal this is
a parachutes I know I know you're doing
it thank you for doing it because like
you didn't have to do it first of all I
know you don't want to do it but there's
nobody I'd rather fall out of a plane
with than you yeah and of course the
people will be tandem too because
they're gonna get us there safe look at
this what's up guys
this is all for our livestream holy cow
this is this is like professional yes I
wouldn't go that far
we go that far what's your name man gila
gila yeah nice to meet you me as well
you're helping with the live stuff I
knew it was going on I just came out to
pop my head in here and see what the
heck was going on how sick is this that
is ridiculous man this will be the life
you guys will be able to watch it live
there yeah for a rig that's just under
the way being set up here it's very
complicated he's the expert with but
you're living in my name's Stefan Stefan
that's right so all these guys here to
make this happen guys it's not as easy
as just like holding a camera and
streaming it like this is a big setup
look at the equipment all this stuff
time to son or wife away here we go
you're signing you're ready now you're
ready
I can't talk right now I'm just like you
know it's about the admin oh this is
actually I'm signing this is Daffy Duck
nothing says love like throwing you out
of a plane baby you just stole that one
climber yeah
next up video waiver how you doing good
yourself how many jumps this guy have so
got watch your video safety video learn
the run on the jump on the ropes come on
in dude you're gonna be doing this to
eventually I started to malfunction
failure to perform as expected or
required or all right sir gene is uh
giving us a little behind the scenes
this is this must be the repair shop
this is where Paris now just initially I
would say that the parachutes don't get
repaired you get a new parachute but
that's not true you repair shoes they're
expensive we have to fix them we have to
repack them every 180 days so this is
where we do all the maintenance at the
parish mom like this is a parachute had
a malfunction yesterday so now we're
putting it back together and get back on
line so we can jump a good thing we're
here today not yesterday one guys be
using today perfect so I get the girl a
pair of the girls never packed on before
teaching this is the video room some of
you guys are gonna appreciate this look
at the rigs on these helmets that is
awesome that's like a new vlogging right
there you just wear this drink we're
gonna have some of those out there for
us today yeah that's awesome dang
yeah I was just gonna say how do we get
like the the flares and stuff the smoke
yeah we basically have a whole rig honor
look at these I wear fireworks mortars
dude and their feet y'all would do that
that's crazy man you got to really trust
the guy touching your shoot oh that's
right gene has done 15,000 jumps 15,000
that I'm sure walking 15,000 consider
event
up on you oh yeah you'll hear stories
about that you might have a new one
today yeah I don't know but that's gonna
be us really soon baby I'm gonna come
back on the airplane here in the we
are here and it's about to get very
serious like look at this
there's the planes or going up it is the
real deal now there's no turning back
there's no like talking about skydiving
anymore this is it we're skydiving today
actual place is going to film all our
video hopefully for us because it's
gonna be hard to vlog and then they're
going to be live-streaming too since
it's a mess of video and audio and my
man Ryan just kidding he just came up to
me and he like spotted me out and he's
actually one of the cops in our old
shake weight prank that we did years ago
I was like mm that is awesome new things
being such a good sport by the way it's
good stuff is funny a lot of people
uptight but it was funny yeah I enjoyed
it so and you're doing your first job
yep doing my first job guys have fun
buddies man can't wait all right guys
the live stream is finally rolling we
had a little error we actually started
live I was talking to you guys and then
it was actually just his face
that's all good Brittany's getting
suited up look good in that can we
borrow that suit hey yes come for you oh
we're gonna get suited up and uh we're
gonna jump like we're gonna jump so this
is the tandem chute weighs about 50
pounds which brick could barely lift
right half your body weight right and
then it basically has a this this comes
out first you down there and I suppose
this down so we'll have like 40 seconds
of freefall before they pull the chute
which is way longer than I thought
that's awesome so we're gonna do it's
like some aerial stunts yeah I'm gonna
do some spins might do a flip outlet
point or not but we got to we got to do
and I'm gonna slip this on like a jacket
Becky huh yeah yes perfect man
and so we get suited up so you're not
wearing you're not I'm not wearing what
I have to
well unless they cut the sleeve off for
my suit which I don't think they want to
know they're gonna take care of us
they're actually filming a bunch of
stuff for us to which to make the vlog
way funner than it was gonna be because
you know all I have is that and I'm in
this so this is gonna be great
I don't know I think it of course I know
you're gonna wear this if you watch a
lot of Scott baby you gotta wear the
route this will this is the limit
I don't know push the hell you're ready
Scott how to do a push-up and and the
best part about this always be on the
ground cheering you on
- yo so come on oh you got so Larry's
gonna be with Brit today turn around
right let me see that thing
oh that's the size of you you could get
in there you don't want to do it this
way this time no you're not this time
all right we'll go with Plan B yeah I'm
sure you'll be fine Larry Lucky's got
plans tonight yeah okay we don't get
puked on no way
all right guys we're about to walk to
the plane right now we got our guys
these guys are filming this all for us
thank them because they're the ones that
are getting us the sweet footage and
we're gonna walk over jump on this plane
and then jump out of the plane
beside it because this is it like we're
walking to the plane right now
this isn't like us driving here being
like we're gonna skydive we're like this
is it this is it all right Lou it's
great okay
I'm gonna pass you off to John we're
gonna cut over to their cameras which
are way nicer than this camera and we
will see you
now let's go I'm nervous I'm like
Oh
you
oh my god okay oh my god next up one
speechless
think about that oh my god awesome job
right on you'll find parachute now we
just chill how's this work all right put
your hands all the way up so this is
full flight right here if we want to go
right you pull down the right one oh you
want to go left
hold on the left one oh the harder you
pull the harder we turn so take this
right one hold all the way down whoa
oh my goodness
put your left hand right there well -
which is gone to the
Haley che gopi like the girl yesterday
whose favorite part freefall parachute
um
parachute purchase that was way better
oh yeah it was awesome you know your
face oh wow
who's your favorite part Roman uh
definitely the exit the exit it was
surreal man like I don't even know what
happened going on there yeah
unbelievable
I probably I told her my price to do a
few times even realize what happens what
happened what you think yeah your face
when you left I was just in full
laughter that was so scary
but the parachute was awesome so you can
see me waving the only way I can explain
trying to explain how I felt when we
exit the plane in that moment I hope
Brittany's face is out there but your
face just said it all like your brain
just went no there's there's no way to
say no like you're just talking invol
and they go and how nossas did you get
really guys I felt like a super whoops
because I was I know towards the end
he's doing the spirals and stuff I was
like feeling a little nauseous yeah
that's what every time he would turn I'm
like but he was giving us a show they
were giving us a rod and I like they
were giving us the full rod and uh how
awesome and how awesome is that
whoa I'm not gonna lie without the
comfort of having that guy behind me
like this is fine how hard it would be
to jump out of that plane on my own is
next level yeah like it takes somebody
pushing you out cuz your brain it just
knows that you're not supposed to fall
like your brain is smart it knows I was
awesome man
the best way I can describe I've been
trying to think of how I explain when
you exit the plane and the only way I've
been able to say it I've been saying it
off-camera many times but I'm I'm like
it's the freest I've ever felt for about
a split second like for that split
second your mind your body goes into
nothingness like you're not thinking
about anything you're not you just you
disappear for a second you like
disappear from the world for a second
you just start falling and then you
realize then your brain starts going
you're falling you're falling what's
happening oh my gosh that like wore me
out like I'm like yeah you ready for a
nap cuz your adrenaline is through the
roof whoa good job guys
thanks for everything thanks for all the
help thank you guys so much
really really fun man yes you guys give
yourself a shout-out because I know you
didn't ask but go ahead a man starts
skydiving calm and Team fast-tracks uh
America skydiving team awesome hey
thanks for having us Oh
yosh the adrenaline is gone
she got a hotel for a plastic ovens
I've been staying at a wall for five
minutes I am net did it takes you up so
high like with the most high there's no
drug that makes you that high it's like
a best feeling
and then you just crash like I'm so
tired right now like legit buy tell me I
won't be I'm gonna be awake but right
now I'm just crash I need some good food
I'm time we go until 10:00 hope you guys
enjoy that man I know we did we are we
are friggin beat we're gonna sit back
put our seats back roll our windows down
cruise home it's about a two-hour drive
roughly and then we're working on a big
project for tomorrow that I told you
about yesterday it's kind of the big
secret here so uh a lot of good guesses
but nobody got it nobody got it not a
single wall let's go a super beautiful
way to end the day look at that
all right we're warping home I don't
want to give away what's going on in the
backyard Noah has no idea dev any idea
what that is
no how could you look oh it's not a tree
house it's not a tree on Kane you know
what that is out there
survive guys we survived skydiving and
we're back home we're working on a big
project for tomorrow which is gonna be
like this I don't I don't even know how
to really explain it it's it's it's
crazy ya know I said what the heck ha ha
another weird thing for us to do I don't
want to show everything but it's all
gonna happen tomorrow like a slingshot I
don't know
so those are the two towers right so
these guys are gonna be out here all
night building
nobody has guessed what this is it is
going to be a blast with the family the
kids this is like you guys have never
seen somebody do this in their back here
my backyard is getting known for crazy
things this is going to be one of them
things you guys are like why did you do
this you want to let Susan flash out
Zeus is like sideways and flashes came
running jumped right over Zeus does
anybody out there have a husky our dog
is creeping me out here this is the most
his brain is like he's not like a dog
Zeus is like ball food Master Flash is
like I can't get into oh yeah looking
legit looking through curtains right now
look at him he's creeping me out there
I've never in my life experienced a dog
that thinks like he's like a little
human he legit is up to something all
the time only dogged if you ever did
anything to like wrong him I feel like
he would get you back no like he could
hurt someone yesterday I put flash out
cuz he chewed up a bunch of stuff I put
him outside right I look over at him
he's facing outside of you're like this
what a human would he's scary it he's up
to something
well he's like shark right now you got
your baby - then you were growing up -
on both sides Wow forget him he's
thinking he's the you know way yeah get
some Hassan get this oh here's the ball
stay Hey come he's getting there in
another year he'll be telling Britney to
sit until your brain trees guys thank
you for coming along with us today on
this crazy sky that dude you're gonna do
that one day oh yes you will I promise
you're gonna do when a couple years ago
I was like some day my dad and me are
gonna go skydiving together yeah hundred
percent we will that was uh you guys
already know I don't really know how to
explain how it was but it was a soap fun
it was awesome so thanks for coming
along with this guys hope you enjoyed
the live stream it didn't go as smoothly
as we thought it would and uh
everything's gonna work out with that
whole thing but it was fun it was a lot
of fun so we love you guys we will see
you tomorrow for a really fun never done
before action-packed vlog in my backyard
we're gonna have a blast
canes over there playing just cause we
love you guys we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
don't forget how important you are man
you are awesome smile more oh my god
honey I really just went off the back
Olmo hi thanks baby that was really
really fun man you see what I miss when
I'm not home John
it loses a twent none of this was going
to have
