yeah I was but why aren't you gonna sit
why are you gonna say it again no say it
again oh you're not gonna do it now
because I pulled the camera all right
tough guys I peace out
this is the beach this is the beastmode
driver oh this is the be smug
yeah the beach driver she says you're
not gonna see it over like this he says
his massagers TVs iPads I'm just waking
up I'm just waking up see your full
energy lifted me up I wasn't gonna film
you up this guy's got so much energy and
life I was like I'm gonna pull on my
camera right now I've like shells on the
bottom 200 and when you want to watch a
movie Suicide Squad
oh I mean scenery is awesome right is it
hawk it's on Hey and I got a disco ball
look at that guy's hope you are having
an awesome day I'm getting out of Los
Angeles today I'm flying home you know
tomorrow is the big day I'm skydiving
all live it's gonna be a blast I'm
excited Britney is terrified she's going
to have you ever been skydiving I have
been at one time you have and it was
fine it was fine sir
black car have a TVs for a customer no
you got the best it's the best in this
little massager yeah that's just good
list and you have free Wi-Fi for watch
it iPad hey can I beat that huh you got
it oh I'm surprised this thing doesn't
fly I wish you could and this clothes
and flips disclose green a night off the
most important the most important the
reverse camera baby oh
what else ki garage buddy what a ski I'm
this guy what was your name Dave Dave
it was seriously an honor dude I hope
that I get to ride with you again I hope
so
zero all right guys running late as
always what a great guy Dave just
completely started my day off so good I
wasn't even on vlog so I got back to
Ohio but I just felt like he just lifted
me up he just really lifted me up so
thanks dad
let's do this hope you guys are ready
hope you lifted you up too let's go all
right guys let's do this let's get
homeless see the kids let's see Britain
the dogs in the house I get to be home
for like two days
so no sir I'm skydiving Sunday I'm doing
something really cool for you guys
Monday I'm home with the kids
Tuesday we go to hero
it does not matter if I've been gone one
day or 20 days I miss my kids I miss my
home just as he like I'm dining I've
been in traffic we're moving now excited
to get home guys when it's gonna be a
busy weekend when I get home there
should be should be people there
building I don't want to give up the
surprise but Sunday we're doing
something big at the house and they're
building all this stuff in my backyard
so let's go home let's see what's going
on they're supposed to be delivering all
this lumber and I really don't know the
situation at all so I'm just getting
home let's check it out
hope you guys are feeling hopeful pop
pop you're having a great day
let's go traffic traffic looking for my
chapstick knock knock
sous-sous that's my gosh yeah yeah
welcome home he planned that the whole
time Oh can't you get him cane he's a
thief he's the bun thief he's getting
big oh I miss my boy look at this hunter
oh there should have called him hunter
what's up Zeus you don't even act like
you care I left for one day I left for
one day Zeus don't give me attitude he
is hey are you really - oh my gosh I
think you got bigger gain you did oh he
did get bigger oh my gosh you're too few
up ahh
flash hey he's even like got that old
bandit mask on hey he just dropped he
just dropped kicked them they're like
having toddlers
we're so nobody's here nobody's here yet
they're supposed to be people here
building all that stuff for Sunday oh my
gosh I cannot wait so you'll never guess
they're building all this stuff for our
backyard you can take guesses in the
comments please take guesses but
nobody's gonna guess this cuz it's
ridiculous
how long can you excited oh it's a big
surprise oh man we got such a huge
weekend lined up huge weekend I don't
even need to move anything or do
anything they're gonna show up build all
this stuff and then we just have fun
okay guys we burnt up a lot of our day
traveling always coming back to Ohio
from LA is terrible because you lose
three hours plus the flight you eat up a
lot of day
Brittany made if you guys watched
yesterday's work she made some bath
bombs apparently their stomach don't she
said 24 hours you have to wait they're
still soft so maybe you're missing an
ingredient that hardens it mmm
we are going to go over my mom and dad
over at my brother's house and they're
like grilling out steak and rice and all
this stuff so we're gonna go join them I
am going to rewrap in wash my cast off
cuz this thing is just terrible and uh
oh my gosh you always complain about
your nose hair don't know if I've ever
shared this with you guys I hate nose
hair I'm always trimming it plucking
it's the worst thing ever so I was like
Britt get me a waxing kit I've never
done this it looks terribly painful the
last up to four weeks
what's your busy bear I take it but I
hurry well my dad's here oh what's up
you little hooligans I got my loose
paper head hammer head sucks
well Britt made it hey mom good yeah
she's gonna ramp it in the pool ramp in
the pool baby show what you got
should-should she ramp in the pool yeah
hey welcome back welcome welcome my man
what's up pops
I love that oh hey you know well just
coming to see you guys rolling
that's the coolest helmet whoa girls
helmet right this is the new this is
awesome wish I could pick for our school
supplies it's a ruler
oh that legit got me that is awesome
this is here too so this takes a month
and a half oh that's okay
it's cool that you're making them though
dammit my dad are making you guys know
they make all the plastics that they're
making Jesus for our store yeah that's
cool I love it
John's just got here how was your flight
in it it was good economy was nice Dan
dude let's get some swimming in before
it gets dark
all right once shirt on off oh okay
you're ready you've been waiting all
game I've been waiting on came to my man
you're gonna you guys swimming those
socks that's weird you know we got you
gotta learn how to swim without this
thing you can do it you can already go
underwater
you can jump then you flip you've gotta
take this off you hug I love you have
fun okay she's gonna get you
I want to ride I want a ride oh I can't
drive it very good
don't hurt me though let me take in the
right that's a tree stump that's a tree
turn turn turn
so weird not being in control I'm
holding on I'm good I'm good I'm good
oh I'm singing beaming let's work him
right let's work it baby let's work it
all night oh my god honey I really just
went off the back Olmo hi thanks baby
that was really really fun
man you see what I miss when I'm not
home John Italy this I went no this was
gonna happen I was like wait Romans
coming over we got it
he probably hadn't eaten for days he
needs some nutrition pop-tarts are
wearing off back up man dude this is
amazing when you back to LA I can smell
the washer siren whoops forgot
where's your shirt puts them on there
put them on there something's on there
yeah doing swimming no on the rise
here's the idea we're gonna reverse the
video make it look like Dale solved one
of the most wicked Rubik's cubes I've
ever seen look at this
boom okay so here's what you're gonna do
it's just gonna be your hands you're
gonna just mess it all up and I'll
reverse the video it's perfect easy but
wait we're not gonna tell them that I
actually solve it for real elegant we do
have it and finish it now like ah as
long as you just mess it up I can just
reverse the video and in there we're
done we're just being goofy we're gonna
make it look like he solves the river
cube by reversing the footage at the
camera you guys are really making this
legit oh it's pretty good perfect
okay I'll hold perfectly still before I
move it how about your mouths not in the
shot ready like that yeah
like that was so easy and then go down
yeah ready big guys like you did it that
was so easy
wait you want to move it and then you're
gonna move no no that was so easy and
then drop it on struggle up
I'm on a hearse on it already like you
really solve it yeah I got it
ready go
that was so easy that's plenty that's
plenty anyways we destroyed this it's
broke forever alright wait man if you
get this back together right I'll give
you $100 yeah you have video proof if
you just rewind the video forward you
would know there it is the reverse film
I love Caine just walk straight by Dale
you did good we are taking off how you
like that car pops listen to this 30
whoo be safe out there all right we're
back home you guys didn't you didn't
read no books huh what are you trying to
say just tell me just tell me you back
off now we were back home guys it's all
about getting ready for tomorrow I know
this vlog is short I'm sorry I've
actually just taken my cast off look at
this look at this
took it off it feels amazing this bone
is so sore from being in this cast I saw
some you guys say wrap it like caught in
and wrap your wrist and you know all
these things I'm gonna try that Britney
got me a whole bag of supplies so anyway
the rest of the night is first of all I
get to shower I'm going to shower put my
cast back on
edit this vlog and get ready to skydive
guys before I go I want well look how
weird this is like with no cast like it
just even feels weird cuz it's been in
there so it's like all like stiff in my
pinky man before I do go guys I just
wanna I want to first of all thank
everyone for supporting me on the idea
of skydiving and the cost of it listen I
went I really like opened up to you guys
and shared a part of my life that I
don't share and that is what certain
things cost and there is a lesson with
all this and I want to kind of as
quickly as possible share it with you I
want you guys to imagine a scenario
where I just did the livestream I
skydived and you guys saw the video and
you were like that was awesome and I
never ever explained to you guys about
cost
I never explained you guys would only
assume that it was awesome right and
that's what I always do I never talk to
you guys about how much things cost
because it is sometimes overwhelming I
don't expect you guys to understand
sometimes how much things cost things
are expensive in the entertainment world
so I want to say thank you for everybody
that's like do it do it do it because
I'm doing it tomorrow by the time you're
watching this vlog I'm already skydive
like I or I'm skydiving right now live I
wanted to share the budget with you guys
to let you guys in on my personal life I
want to bring you guys on my life that
is part of my life that's another piece
of what I do behind the scenes and I
wanted to bring you guys out and I saw a
lot a lot of positive feedback I also
saw a lot of negative I mean most of you
guys said don't do it or donate the
money or and I get it like if I heard
that number for the first time I would
be shocked but if I told you guys how
much it costs to do some of the things I
do you will poop your pants you guys
remember when I filled my house with the
plastic balls do you have any idea how
much I cost me out of pocket but the
reward of what I did
got me still paying off I got a brand
new GTR out of that deal I got I've got
awards for that video a lot of my career
came from just that video so sometimes
guys it takes money to make money you've
got to use your money to make more money
that's a big part of success you have to
do it so will tomorrow make me a ton of
money
no but it's setting a new standard for
what live streaming can be and it's it's
it's just what I want to do so thank you
guys for the support if anybody wants to
know those plastic balls cost me forty
thousand dollars forty thousand that up
I can show you the bill it was forty
thousand dollars for those balls and had
I came out and told you guys should I do
this
it cost 40 grand every comment would
have said don't do it it's not always
what it seems like things are like I
don't just get to do these things they
cost a ton of money so thank you guys
let's do the skydive if you're watching
this video right when I uploaded it that
means I'm live right now so jump over to
live not me watch it live sunday will be
the skydive vlog so you're not going to
miss anything thanks for listening to
some of my personal stuff I've never
shared with you guys so let's go I'm
gonna get this
back on after I shower edit wake up go
skydiving love you guys you are
beautiful
you're one of a kind thanks for
everything smile the serious question do
you wanna make some bombs with me
some bath bombs yeah are you trying to
get that hell mounds this your silly
okay so I saw this really cool idea to
make your home
