guys welcome to the vlog it's a
beautiful day I'm about to traffic right
as we speak it's not even my exit
setting my exit go around
nice car dude I like those new vets hope
you are having an absolute perfect day
if it's not perfect as I always say
let's start fresh with this vlog man
let's start right now close it push it
aside let's watch this video and just
relax man that's what I want you to do
first of all thank you for everybody who
supported my day off yesterday usually I
just don't upload but yesterday actually
until my yesterday before I actually
told you I was taking a day off we were
out of town and I didn't get caught up
on a bunch of things and let's keep
moving this is gonna be a long
introduction today two things number one
Roman first few see I'm going on tour
this is my last week home I leave I'm on
tour guys come see me on tour I will put
the link for the tour on the top of this
description click on it has um every
city that I'm going to be in it is
coming up like literally I start tour
next week so I'm so pumped for you guys
to be there I'm so pumped to hang out
this is uh this is unlike a two-hour
live show this isn't like a Q&A where I
sit on stage it's a live show where I
try to entertain you it's very clean it
is very family-oriented cheap and bring
your kids or kids you don't have to have
a parent to go it's very clean it's a
fun show and it's a it's like a hangout
it's like one big hangout we all have
together if I'm coming to a city near
you give some tickets come hang out it's
gonna be a blast and it literally starts
next week so don't wait last but not
least I was out of town last week but
the whole family went out to the shaders
we had a blast but I missed a shipment
that was supposed to come to the house
something very cool for the house so I'm
going there right now to pick it up
let's go let's get this vlog stirred all
right I think I'm in the right place I
have no idea actually it's like I am in
the right place sup man good good is
this it
oh cool I'll sit it's a total mystery
box isn't it
that's perfect right thank you man from
second we are loaded what is that what
is in that box right there and why is
there still silly string in this truck
I'll give you a hit it's 800 pounds dude
800 pounds is inside there dude are you
ready it's gonna be fun
you follow man it's the mystery box Ton
Ton Ton it's the newest addition to the
house cane are you ready oh boy it looks
like we gotta build it holy Sh
now I'm really screwed because I didn't
realize you actually had to build all
this stuff I thought it was all just
folded up into a pot see it folds up
like this after it's been built so just
always thinking man like how do I get my
kids out the house more do more be more
active get more hospital bills and I
think this is it right here tell me a
blasted it's gonna be a blast
so you gotta build this stuff why me
have to build this um are you awake
Gail's coming over tonight Oh oh my gosh
you can do just know it just knowing
that my brother's don't ever just like I
this will be done tonight oh you know
here's one things about daily life stuff
is when you're when you start doing it
you forget that you are your vlog in
your life so it's important to pull out
the camera show you guys that I'm just
working on the very first bit here it's
not that bad it's only a few pieces the
obviously the legs just screw in it's
super easy and then uh I mean if I'm
doing this right but and it's gonna work
it's gonna work
so ya almost got one launch done and
then there's a box that attaches to this
and another launch so it's like a fun
box basically all right we're making
some progress got Britney's cousin over
here so what's up Cameron he's helping
me put this together we got more than
half done we just got to build this side
over here now dude this is awesome
you gonna drop in you are a daredevil
boy
maybe you can just ride off of it oh
yeah tell me this wasn't meant to be
look at that dude it's the exact we got
our own runway it's awesome oh that's
way easier than digging dude I took
forever test number one
okay you know these came at perfect time
because yesterday Kane was trying to
drop in actually he did drop in on this
little dirt he'll check it out you're
definitely ready for something bigger
whoo
we are moving inside it's been four to
three hours three hours we've been
building look at this we've uh we've
made a nice mess awesome we've got this
which is super sick and the downside of
this is actually straight like that
that's gonna be fun and we got this box
bill what up bro hey my brother's here
we got the park complete look at this
look at this nice nice Park Rome a nice
little addition to the property I'm
gonna have a real tough time get my kids
home now more speed Oh nailed it
now you just need the big quarter pipe
at the end you can go back backwards and
then the pool to ride into Oh boom boom
pull Shh Oh splish Splash that do we
should get a little kid pool that you go
into at the end
nice there you have it folks is how I'm
gonna get my exercise over the next
whatever is less than the sums of
whatever is left at the summer dude
totally with you getting a baby pool
though at the end one not a baby pool
like a medium pool like a medium baby
like a medium like a big baby just got
me a quick shower my brother his
beautiful family are here and they
brought the best food dude deviled eggs
the eggs Thanksgiving is this Eastern
I'm bringing the heat shower yeah I
really did I know that's crazy I didn't
wash my hair though we got going on here
boys huh oh I love your idea I want in
on this I do let's do some RC doubles
see it
dang with everything in my heart you
want me to try to hit the first ramp
clear the second round hi that's so far
and now Seuss's out he's gonna eat it
it's not just that I want you to it's
that I don't think you can do it I don't
think
oh dude not only that I do like a 50/50
just you see that there's not like a
half throttle yeah it looks like gonna
punch it at the end
dang it's fun this can catch it
see how to smile more fish tank is doing
look at this thing man so happy with it
what are you doing down here everybody's
cruisin around
these guys these guys hidin down it Zeus
how did I guess she'd be in here Anders
pub ah I should have known I should have
known you would poop in the bathroom
got some fireworks we're gonna light
them up boom-boom boom-boom boom-boom
come on soon as you come with me
exciting you must these fireworks I know
we're only gonna do all these at once
we're not gonna do it all ones right
you're only home two days a month
dig this celebrate what's the new motto
Dale fire more fire more more ready to
light it up like the fourth of July hope
hope you guys are ready I said are you
ready light it up like fourth of July
that's better that's pretty good
look at your yard fire you got a clean
you got a clean Akane oh my god they
show gotta go crap
hey let's like the smile more one here's
some Smiley's whoo upside down
how's good one great
all right kids time to clean up yeah
no you what's the light I didn't hit my
ear in my ear
how's he doing it oh it's really in
there
Oh got it jump it back in hey ready
ready ready I mean this is a harness the
hardest one to do ah I did it I
practiced some Sun great you hear it on
this side
oh it's on that's all
this has never been done before - lights
huh we are going over tour schedule and
it's it's it's a little torturous when
you think about I'm not used to being
away from my family that much lately I
can't really think about like we're a
big team aren't we that's right we as a
family or a team we do things together
we have you know it's we're fortunate
enough to be able to do that now when I
first started youtube I had to travel so
much by myself we could never afford a
plane ticket or a company would pay for
my plane ticket so I did everything
alone
then I every trip to LA everything was
just me and now we have been blessed
with this ability to get to do it as a
family so tomorrow morning uh we all
good la so me yes that's right you so
many meetings so I am going to be buried
alive in Los Angeles hopefully you guys
up you may have to vlog a little bit
yeah that's right I said it
we love you guys thanks for hanging out
today I love the new ramps and I cannot
wait to do more stuff I do see me jump
DRC I hit the little one landed
I could never do that twice it's
completely that it was fun though really
you saw me right racking it around
next week is tour I will be actually in
rehearsal coming up but next week is
tour so please please come see me it is
Roman verse foo see and I do not want
the whole crowd to be team I need
you there I need your support we will be
hanging out having lots of fun and I
just cannot wait to see you man so we
will see you there we love you thanks
well the daily sport thanks for the
likes on these vlogs thanks for always
sharing your favorite vlogs it means the
world to all of us we will see them all
in LA your beautiful smile more
