are you miss other thing oh my my name
is rocky I wasn't into Isola screaming
dad guys welcome to the vlog today is
the official day I am finally going to
get my hand fixed we're headed to the
hospital right now and whether they have
to rebuy kit or put me to sleep it's
gonna be interesting and I honestly
don't know what to expect
I really don't it's been healing up for
over a week now right so I don't know
what the condition is to probably have
to re x ray tell me what they're gonna
do and whether it's a splint or a cast I
think it's gonna be kind of tough to do
a lot of things after today so dumb my
hand hurts it's like not getting better
like there was a part of me that was
like let's just let it heal up
it'll be fine it's a hand like hands go
through a lot nah it's not better it's
actually feels a little worse pulling in
we're in the ambulance go go get some
french fries and a wham burger hope you
guys are having an awesome day man I
hope you are having a good fun day were
you out doing things and as price school
day right and school a lot of people
maybe homework just just make the best
hey at least you're not going to get
your hammer up just always remember it
can always be worse this is something
I've been dreading man you guys know I
don't want to do this oh my sweatshirt
it's gonna be freezing run Brittany run
I think the worst part about all this is
I just don't have a cool story when you
break a bone usually have a cool story
like oh yeah I was trying to do a triple
backflip BAM broke my back me I didn't
do anything I just did stupidity stupid
alright guys we're getting settled in
here bad news looks like they have to
amputate my arm from the shoulder down
what it's funny to you terrible that you
said that no it's all good they're just
doing the check and everything and uh my
have to x-ray again or I don't have that
answer
I'll go chance that you will they're
probably three x-ray just because it's
been a week or so so they were not
checking idea why didn't bring it with
him
you clean my fingernails out why they do
this hand okay so as soon as we walked
in the hospital a police officer pulled
me aside and he said hey I
that you've got your camera but we don't
allow any filming here and I just
explained to him that no problem I
definitely won't show anybody first of
all I would only show myself in Brittany
and then he actually just pulled
Brittany out to say what he said tell
house everybody can film whatever he
wants he's cool you're like Sakuya so
anyways I definitely don't to be
disrespected I don't film any of the
nurses or doctors so it may be a little
awkward vlog but we'll definitely try to
film as much as possible he said
definitely none of the if I have surgery
or anything that you can't film that
stuff so yeah maybe maybe close-ups I
think you're close like in zoom way way
way in so yeah I hope I'm excited to get
it fixed but I'm not excited to do it
like nobody's excited to like I'm never
broken about I give so much props for
people that work in the hospitals man
just even walking through them like I
don't I don't mentally think I could do
it like I'll just put this bone back in
place I don't think I could do it and
that's minor compared to what they have
to do it's Wow alright guys so I got
choices here on cast colors going uh
bright you know came like bright but I
think you know I wear all black so maybe
black is my black cast or blue you do
well I didn't realize I would be in a
cast past my elbow that is terrible I
was thinking this is gonna be so easy
man so guys some time has passed and uh
I'm gonna cast like legit Oh looks
painful I just think it it's not painful
that's that's good that's the thing it's
not painful there's no pain I'm not on
any painkillers it's just is what it is
okay
here's the drill probably not as
exciting as you guys probably wanted it
to be oh I got this baby I got this you
know what I got no no probably not like
look how awkward this is hang on
hey oh okay
like I said pry naughty I'm sure you
guys want to see me go under and be all
crazy and talk crazy here's the deal
they have casted me we have to go to
specialists they want me to go see a
doctor for just hands so they said I
could be as much as surgery they
straight up said that I could legit have
surgery on this hand like pins and bolts
ah that's like worst case scenario this
is temporary this is not done this sucks
that it's just not done like I just want
to be done with it yeah I hope we all
learned a valuable lesson I know I did
oh man
hashtag pillow punchers so ya know crazy
sedation vlog today I'm not gonna lie
I'm a little disappointed I would just
want to see what I say like what would I
do what would I say you want to get
sedate in I want to get sedated only for
the vlog there's no part of me wants to
get sedated for fun like I want to tell
you guys you have a lot of cavities that
need done that's true that's true I do
neat I do need to get my teeth repaired
okay let's continue the vlog it's gonna
be a little awkward I'm not you're like
look I can't do anything poor I could
write a gap night before I got the cast
I am a baby take me home let me get a
milkshake ice cream I get ice cream you
know I'm sorry but I think I gotta lose
the sling I don't leave I'm gonna do the
sling I don't think yeah you help me oh
it's cool that I need a help you you
can't no I'm silly
I'll help oh I think it's fun all right
yeah let's just like take the weight off
I'm so strong you can't do you can't
hold this camera now I can't with my
left
I got fingertips do anything oh it's so
like I'm trying to hold it actually I
can grip it grip it with this and it's
not that bad it's like a little tripod
they let me actually go with a half they
were gonna elbow it up and no way way
Jose yeah so we're really going to get
ice cream it just I lucked out because
Britney has to get an ice cream cake for
a birthday tomorrow so yeah it just
worked out now we were gonna stop anyway
we were gonna stop in ice cream you look
at the size of the Oreos what how do you
so baby
does that make you feel better more than
my left hand I just went to the
restaurant
beep over one am I gonna do you got to
help me
no I am NOT I've been your but no
no anyway I only wash one hand
I'd have to wash truly the worst part to
me is that it's not done like I would be
just so happy if it was all done when I
take this cast off I'm all better but
I'm not talking to Mike I have to go get
it checked out don't look at the x-rays
tell me if I have to get surgery pins
whatever it takes to get this thing
better but for now it's just not there
for now I'm just in a cast
they're so drawn out yeah it's a drawn
out process it's not something to
happens today which sucks because I
really thought I truly I truly believed
all week that today was the day I was
getting this bit so it was gonna be all
done rather than just emergency room and
maybe maybe just maybe it actually is
all done you know what I mean like this
could be it
if it heals
dude I'm like Iron Man now oh yes pretty
much my same feeling buddy I don't like
it either dodging is hard you made it
oh baby in a head yeah
oh you know you're hard hey
too close yes Cupid yay maybe yeah
really uh-huh
good job oh so you'll stay let see oh oh
good way to like hit your face oh my
gosh that's the funniest thing that's it
let's see if I try to miss this one sit
stay dad
suddenly everything looks more fun now
that I can't do it
what you got what is that that whip you
don't whip us yeah who's that
get your bubble sticks bubble sticks oh
yeah yeah awesome
I gotta get I had button the mix to it
always always make the best out of your
situation you guys it can always be
worse this cannot stop you this cannot
slow me down like it yeah
I can't do everything I want to do but
it can be so much work and we can sit
back work worse we can sit back and we
can be gloomy and we can be sad or you
feel sorry for ourselves or we can get
up and keep going like don't stop just
keep going do what you can do hey I got
an idea
ready let you do it I'll film it hey you
see this you see this you gotta get it
okay you gotta get it he's so ready it's
a bubble
get a game girl boy gokane Yago no he's
carrying the whole thing off he's taking
the whole car oh there you go this this
oh he's not having it
it's our severs dog right now ladies go
go go go
no not into the wall drop it good boy go
Kate go go
whoa I think I missed that bubble wars
whoa no way that's so cool okay nice
sticks broke and bubbles I love it
nice cane those are amazing and their
colorful bouquet if you put like just
red food coloring or the bubbles be more
red they'd have to be I don't know oh
I'm talking about
all right for the longest bubble of all
time cane oh man oh it's still connected
whoa cool oh all right
slippery when wet coming at you whoa oh
man I don't even know what to say I uh I
gotta be honest with you guys I came in
I was like I'm gonna go ahead and put my
footage in and see what it's like to
edit it's a nightmare
like it is an absolute nightmare I keep
bumping things with my hand and I lost
my timeline like my video disappeared
all I had was audio I was what usually
would take me about 40 minutes to edit
like what I have took me 2 hours 2 hours
with this hand because I keep hitting
and bumping things like I don't function
so editing is a little freaky I'll get
used to it - love me it's not gonna stop
me I promise you I'm gonna keep up I'm a
hustler you guys know that I move and I
groove and I make it happen you guys
know I'm like one anywhere so well I am
gonna I am gonna go somewhere right now
I gotta go I'm gonna finish this
miss hands ridiculous dude this is
ridiculous okay yeah but you're gonna
get used to this dude I know it's been a
few days since I featured this in the
blogs guys but listen anybody that
favorites and retweets any of my tweets
throughout the days I go there's my
brother throughout the days I go and I
click on them there's retweets and I go
down the line and I follow every single
person while I pick up my phone like
this is like my bathroom breaks this is
why I'm flying on planes this is where
I'm driving in the car I just do this
can't really see it because my cast
there we go
Kaz is the cast and I just literally
just click everybody's follow now
eventually I'll get to the bottom and
Twitter won't allow me to do any more so
I will back out and I will go to likes
and I'll just hit everybody to liked it
boom boom boom boom boom I've been doing
this like crazy it's been a lot of fun
you guys have been really loving it so
anybody that retweets and likes my tweet
is getting followed at least 100 few
hundred at a time and then I'll sit down
to a few hundred I'll do a few hundred
like a few hundred everyday so keep it
up thank you guys um I'm not going to
stop vlogging because my hand I will
work through it you guys know I'll push
I'll keep working and uh thank you guys
for absolutely everything not just the
support during this little pan problem
but just through everything man you guys
are amazing support to family smile more
my vlogs everything so thank you guys
you're one of a kind you are beautiful
and tell me who's wearing a cast right
now I know there's so many of you that's
like dude I got a cast on - so I'm on
your team this week or next week in the
neck after and probably for like six
weeks so you're beautiful you're one of
a kind
smile more scoop it out
and we're just gonna smear it all over
this watermelon Oh
Papi's want to do this there you go our
team Ellen prevention Vaseline actually
make it slick though yeah
