what can see there's a bird in not in it
come closer I think there's a bird in it
I think she hit a bird dude you gotta
look in the grill in there yeah you look
in there honey
how you doing baby
if you missed yesterday's vlog we are at
the Shaytards and it is absolutely
breathtaking here he wants to be in the
vlog I think you're in the vlog you got
it you did it man these guys are
next-level attention man look they're
missing 100 Scooby Doo mama Duke oh man
what's up dudes
oh I don't taste good does it that's
crabapple do you like it can you watch I
want what up buddy you got it huh oh you
look adorable
all right let's do it let's do it let's
do it oh man it piled up up you guys
ready to see the awesomest rope ring in
the world there's a rule when you go to
this rope swing you have to wear your
owl hat as you're flying through the
truck I don't know I wear my ring in
this place man how about the males
where the heck we go on dude a rope
swing this place is so beautiful I know
the camera does no justice to it alright
alright this is pretty cool I know I
feel like I'm I'm escaping prison old
man Johnson's problem let's go he's just
gonna see an owl poking up over there
first of all your property is beautiful
dude what are we doing right now what is
this say okay now what are we doing all
right so it's epic rope swing time we
found this rope swing when we first
moved into this house was just this old
rope so it's kind of sketchy I was
actually gonna say we should test it
before we actually swing on it but we
got a little trail hike we got to do
here we're gonna come around the bend
here oh man we're going to see a nice
little tree with the rope in it
oh here's one right here look how big it
is check that out
you wanna she's gone for this is like
every kid's dream right here
every dolts dream right here now go the
other way so you don't get tangled
that's pretty awesome
you you'll go up Thanks whoa
good again do it again ready hold on Wow
I got it hold on tight tight as you can
let strangulation that's Tarzan daddy
right they're not that tight Caine go
big do go big whoa that's awesome Bret
you gettin up here you gotta do it one
time you got no wheels you're good you
just kind of go out that way a little
bit yeah a little bit just get a feel
for it do it do a little one and then do
a big one yeah there you go you got it
nah all right hold on tight oh my gosh
dude that was well well done landing
though maybe she doubled it and he went
though you went the wrong way
hey good job good job on the swing
everyone got to do it three two one go
go go you guys know my mom collects
rocks from well pretty much everywhere I
travel I try to get her a rock these got
some really pretty rocks man
oh you like that one
let me see oh that's a good one you
wanna take that home to Grandma with the
sound of hay fever this is unbelievable
ready go uh well that was fun I have
been I have been saying I want to buy
like property I want to own more
property after coming here um I guess
the OP like the opportunities the things
you can do with the property is so funny
he's got a bobcat down there build a
dirtbike try man take what can see
there's bird enough in it I think
there's a bird in it I think she hit a
bird dude you got a look in the grill in
there yeah you look in there see who's
longer
let's see who's longer dude his hands
are the same size that's for sure dude
he's got you beat he's got you beat he's
happy about it all right let's go eat
let's go eat she's never gonna be able
to get out he's trapping you Hey all
right let's go let's go get some food
come on Zeek what you want to drive you
won't drive Zeke Zeke wants to drive
guys oh my god he's actually trying to
turn the truck off
okay Zeke's gonna give you guys a ride
to dinner sake he's driving she got the
little place called the Sandpiper and
you tell me that again you just threw
your first job ever dude when I was 15
years old my very first job picking
cigarette butts up in this parking lot
first day I showed up the manager having
me this big white bucket because I want
you to walk around the parking lot
pick up all the cigarette bucks it took
me like three hours don't smoke it's a
disgusting habit
well that's back when smoking was so
common yeah it sounds like yeah you
don't see us a lot of smokers and then I
got moved up to the lofty position of
dishwasher whoo whoo driving us to our
seats
you guys are doing almost two knots
which one is going to be tipped over
first so that actually actually didn't
put any of this love why I don't like to
like bring you guys down at all but I
haven't been feeling that good like I've
been like last night had crashed after
the blog I crashed it fell asleep three
times editing the vlog I'd wake up I'd
do a couple clips I'll fall back to
sleep I had a fever I was freezing I
slept in this hoodie that Shay gave me
your head dude it was like I was like in
a nightmare alone I was freaking out all
night I have an elevation too and we
will not miss that elevation so I've
been a little off today my energy level
is really low so these guys brought us
to a steak house bringing some killing
dude that'll bring me back to steak and
lobster State lobsters families you stop
awesome up in your your what's that
called yeah cave I'll fall out of there
dude give the P in the middle the night
you will untighten your Clementi this is
calamari calamari and this is artichoke
you gotta try that you'll like that for
sure yeah this is a great way to
secretly eat but ladies freaks you want
they call it cross off weirdos
you guys want to race for slips you guys
want race for pink slips beat us so bad
going down next time take like a man
without a loser there is no where I
don't even know what just happened we
came in here for like one little thing
and we're all shopping cart full of
stuff we just need to grab some advil
real quick Lilly Kane just walked out
with shoes that video games on the side
how'd you get new shirt just one shirt
oh just one I only got one thing no
shirt I brung no she belongs
I mean oh not the important part is
I was asking I've no idea hope you guys
are feeling so good man I got a snap out
of this I'm so like a little off well
you're the one getting in there women be
shopping you can't stop a woman from be
shopping yeah this is chaos man the
challenge he actually looks a little
embarrassed you got that's that let's do
it we're gonna shut this fateful day do
you guys have a fun day
it was awesome that's right man I wish I
felt better
kind of cutting our night early for my
sickness I'm gonna get some sleep and
not even edit the vlog tonight which is
super rare I edit every night so I start
my day fresh but tonight actually gonna
sleep I wish I had 10% of my boys energy
Joe good Demoman
is so rare like it's hard to explain but
as a vlog or daily vlogger you well
I even miss days but as a lawyer you
don't even get to go to bed together
really excited it it's just part of the
routine you know night buddy
I love you I'll see you tomorrow no I
got up early did they do what's called a
hill run I was obviously still asleep
you didn't do it tomorrow so they
basically all these hills out here they
run its 1.7 miles but it's up a hill do
you want to vlog it slow cuz I have to
edit I have to had it sleep great bud
brushin uh-huh
you have toothpaste on there it's all
though our days being cut a little shy
because of me being extremely weak man
I'm like dead I didn't like to bring
this stuff into the vlog actually I like
played it off all morning like I was
really not feeling good so either way we
had a great day it was a lot of fun the
kids got to play their little hearts out
dude you guys played so hard huh he's
still ready to go Brett hey I need you
come to bed love you guys thanks for all
the support I'm gonna feel good too I'm
gonna feel I'm not feeling hundred
percent that's what I feel thanks for
everything thank you for all the support
the channel is insane because you guys
keep liking and sharing the vlogs what's
up dude and I really never be able to
thank you honestly you know say
goodnight Busey tomorrow guys you are
beautiful you're one of a kind don't
forget how important you are you're
awesome and smile more guys you're
beautiful somebody hide hide hide hide I
got it somebody's here
