are you ready cuz I'll start the vlog if
you're ready you're not ready oh yeah
you may need to know he that even though
I was filming guys welcome to the vlog
we are headed out this is today is our
last day in Ohio for one of the family
uh we're all taking off route of here
we're gone yeah I oh so we got to go out
right now get some errands get some
things done that need done before we
leave sounds easy
sounds easy enough but it's not gonna be
easy it's gonna be the challenge of a
lifetime are you putting the TV show
narration what Roman and Brittany don't
know they're about to get a flat tire Oh
all right here's oh here we go here we
go look grace look gloomy but it's
beautiful I got my girl everything's
great everything's great do you think we
should stop by Tiffany's what is - I
don't even know Tiffany why would just
show up at a stranger's play yeah she's
a very nice stranger Brittany and a
makeup store means just run away from me
it's like a kid when you get close to
the toy store they just start speeding
up you can't even let yeah that's
Brittany and a makeup store here I think
I don't really envy you girls man I mean
how do you even know like all this just
to try to make your face look better
than it already is
oh you guys know my feeling on the whole
makeup thing I mean really look look I
get it just just a big fan of your face
honey just a big for any your face yeah
if you ever want to become a rapper I
got your name right here
while he's playing around yeah I found
your pillow
she's in heaven he's got pizza sit
inside smell it by the way this is where
Tiffany lives right here oh that's her
place yeah I don't know Tiffany yeah
stay away from that girl
I've never been in there really Oh will
Roman and Brittany make it to the gas
station in time uh-huh even look in Oh
are you eyeing it out
nobody freaks out like I freaked out
when you parked seriously gonna hit the
car I'm not shut up and get out
good job baby good job seriously by so
many suitcases like so many suitcases
that is kind of cool but it's huge one
of our suitcase it was it just one or
two broke on our Bahama trip right when
we left the wheels stop did you just
dragging it just just try to get in it
and you know it's big enough you can get
in it and plus we save airfare Kane will
definitely fit in this one no problem
like he's good game boy advance he's
good game babe yes
ha ha okay like this guy honestly it's
like a bag bag with wheels decisions
have been made
yeah let's go I like this look at the
pattern do you never get a suitcase that
you think looks cool they get destroyed
one flight and it's like beat to death
huh okay all right long story short long
story short Brittany was like hey they
have wrinkled really we're getting a
bunch of little things to travel with
she's like they got wrinkled release her
I was like that crap don't work and I
said I we should get someone try and
he's like no he's like what should we
give it to mom all and I was like what
he thought it was for your face
how do you have to put your baby in
there I don't even know how you just
pulled that on we were in target and now
she's walking out with pizza
it's the pillow the pot it's triggered
it boom I need pizza and here she is
with pizza I'm Awful's like crazy this
could be one of the weirdest situations
that I've ever come across come here
don't be nervous
you see the cute little puppy yeah and a
Louis Vuitton bag in the back of this
truck look at this cute puppy oh that is
so strange I feel like they're trying to
set somebody up
no yeah look there's a cop right there
waiting if you've been following the
vlogs I've been building a travel Kate
the travel case and I need like a little
container this is kind of cool oh you're
just trying to get out of here fast yeah
yeah that's good get that get that well
nobody nobody's went for the purse yet
for grabs Oh such an ugly day I'm just
glad I spent with you we were back on
the move going to pick up Noah right now
and then it's home to pack for our trip
it is so gross awesome can't forget our
skis no other snow skis or water skis
question Picabo what's up dude haha are
you good
and we got some space back here for you
this is all my bag of waste little I'm
so excited yes me so awesome pump we
gotta go pack though the boring part
made it Oh mr. tough guy um that was
mine cane got the exact same one and
you're up next
that's the that's the one I ramped in
the pond yeah oh the attack dogs out
little monkeys you meet say hi to me
just go straight for Noah oh oh yeah we
just got this today it's a and you can
print pictures little Polaroid printer
can we got two we got two hundred
pictures you can we should take that
with us on our trip you fun we should
make this our fridge our fridge printer
yeah
yeah man about to be caught our fridge
like we need to update these pictures
anymore mama up and Omar here come out
with me and Sean what with me let's do
it
oh my god flourish will you be in
camera-shy today I'm even seeing you Oh
hmm
he's such a puppy oh my gosh really hey
if I go the keys a good boy so excited
to show you where's the light there we
go super excited and this is something
we've been working on actually on my day
off that I took this week
we have been working we did a whole
photo shoot we're so excited to show you
may have already seen it the vlogs our
very first ever new limited-edition
smile more shirts that's right they are
the splatter the splatter smile I don't
know what we're calling them yet
and we have toddler women men's boys use
everything pink yellow white they're
sparkly yeah you can yeah you can kind
of see it the paint has sparkles in it
and it's really cool so guys this is
actually a big deal for us because we've
never really added a new smile more
shirt we've always had the classic tee
the one that I designed years ago and
we've just never ever steered away from
that was always about just that message
in the in that in that logo you know and
we literally have had a million requests
to come out with some new smile more
shirts we came up this splatter art and
I just love it man I think it's so fun
so yeah guys we're trying it it's a
limited run so if you want one get one
now that one's your favorite yeah for
sure
Kayne which one's your favorite white
pink yellow yellow you like you both
like yellow which is I really like white
kill yeah this one's my favorite just
cuz I like this a simple black and white
but the pink is super sweet she's
whipping me while I'm tryna oh yes so
lucky so guys I'm super excited about
this they will not stick around so if
you want one just get one they're on the
website right now top of the description
hit the link they'll be on the front
page and check them out we have them in
everybody sighs I'm almost positive that
they're available in every size all the
way from all the way down to little
youth all the way to kid punk slash
youth women's men's and men's goes up to
5x okay there you have it so if you want
get it I'm really excited to see you
guys in these because it's our first
ever like smile more logo change this is
our so we're going to test it
tres tell me what you guys think tell me
how you feel about it oh boy Oh flash
likes it Oh t-shirts are up too and the
dog tip we got small more dog tease so
it's on the day I missed this week we
were working we were hustling out here
getting everything ready everything
should be up right now on the website so
please go check it out this is super
cool and I'm so excited to see what you
guys think about this this could be a
new beginning for new logos because you
guys really do request that a lot and
I've always been like let's just keep
the the brand super simple like so
simple - this is a test man
hope you guys like it I know I do and
even though we're not here this week the
orders are going out yeah we're crushing
it man fully five full time man five six
six full time now guys now you're
changing the story they're not full time
but yes we have six employees four
full-time to part-time and not counting
you
that's not Kevin you're out your all the
time and flash just thank you guys in
advance for any support that you are you
bring to this family it's absolutely
insane look at this how we get how we
gonna cane did oh here is the absolute
beautiful smile more tank addition man
look at this guy he's so social I mean
he really is social he loves coming up
to the glass and checking us out what
oh so you like the lanyards you like
Oka's why because it's convenient and it
holds things maybe like a fanny pack
and you love it
I've been joking around with the fanny
bags for you guys honestly in the
comments are like we need small our
fanny bags I saw so we're just goofing
on me we're having a lot of fun with
smile more and it's just such a movement
it's way more than merch it's way more
than a brand it's a lifestyle and it's a
movement and you guys have absolutely
been living it and that's makes me so
happy
check it out on my hand feeding this
trigger dude oh he's getting it my
finger do you can feel it it's feeding
time this is sha like uh see the shrimps
oh baby shrimps this is frozen baby
shrimp right here and the trigger just
loves it look how cool that fish is dude
so space alien are we gonna pack dude we
gotta pack alright guys we are preparing
for vlog battle look at this this is
what I got so far and I just bought this
case and just sunk it in there got all
my little accessories I'm trying to
figure out exactly what I'm gonna forget
because 100,000% I will forget something
even though I have this awesome box that
I could take everything I need I will
forget cyber Zeus how you gonna fit in
the box
I made a mess data trying to make this
work I'm supposed to be packing clothes
when I'm packing equipment this is gonna
be the greatest vlog week man tells me
so much fun winning so many activities
yeah
can you pack in you look pretty busy man
I'm not gonna bother ya
we think here I am complaining about
your size suitcases and here you are
gonna have to this is important this is
way more important than clothes not
shoes
well guys forgive us we have pretty much
just packed the whole evening it is now
time for bed
are you excited or what very very very
very canary we're gonna have a blast no
doubt we are gonna have some fun this
week it should be
maybe not it's really terrible man it's
gonna be boring and we're just gonna sit
all week no vlog all right I'll see you
bright and early when that Sun comes up
we're out all right guys so straight up
we're gonna spend the rest of the night
packing and you need sleep battery I
have to edit and get ready to go over
get up super early and we were out of
here and I'm just ready to have some
serious fun and take you guys along with
us and sorry it is a surprise mystery
where we're going I think that makes it
more fun than other than just you know
saying we're going to Africa like that
won't be as exciting a couple of quick
things real quick Wednesday this
Wednesday we will be on live dot me
don't forget to follow us on live dummy
we're doing in fact you guys we've been
doing giveaways on there and they live
dot me actually said they will supply
anything for a giveaway really so tell
us today in the comments what um what
can we give away they will literally
supply and she yeah that's gone so maybe
it maybe it's a freaking fan I'm drawing
something insane like you guys know I
like giveaway so there's like 20 things
I want to talk about one is Britain's
yawning probably lastly guys um if you
want one of the new brand new
limited-edition smile more shirts I
don't know how many we have you should
know how many we have
many I mean we have a lot but not we
have a lot of sizes that's what they add
up and like you can't like it's crazy if
you want one just get it I'm telling you
just get it now don't wait up because I
don't know you know hey unless they do
really good and then maybe we'll get
them back
no we'll see that's really it guys smile
more stuff we'll be in the toppling the
description we will be live Wednesday on
live dot me and we will be live with our
special guests that we're going now
we're going to live with that's a big
surprise that is a big surprise we love
you guys we will see you tomorrow you're
beautiful you're one of a kind
tell us what shave away check out the
March we love you smile more are you
ready to dump
are you ready came ok teller said gummin
oh whoa keep going that is awesome you
were right
