we are one day guys one day away from
going home I am one day away from seeing
my kids seeing Brittany my dogs my home
I am so excited we are in Lana Georgia
right now getting ready to do our last
live show for this leg of the tour
before we go to Europe I am very excited
for tonight in Atlanta but in my mind
all I can think about is home so we're
going home tomorrow let's hang out today
let's get this vlog started thank you
for being here I hope you're having a
wonderful day I hope you're feeling
great I hope you're being positive I
hope you're out wearing any negative
things that are coming into your life
let's push through all of it let's kick
its butt and move on let's go let's
start the vlog I'm in trouble I know I'm
in trouble I'm not ready but I'm gonna
try to help ya too bossy you're
still in the shower yeah
why you leave your door open in the
bathroom door in case you know I wanted
my dreams aside to come in yeah hurry up
where's the ice machine
I'll see you in a minute what is wrong
with you legit all right guys before we
move on any further in this vlog you
gotta give a big shout out to one of my
favorite sponsors you guys know I've
been sponsored by Harry's for a long
time Harry's raisers here is the new kit
they're hooking you guys up with a new
deal this month it is free completely
free all you have to do is pay three
dollars shipping and you get check this
out now this one is actually my very
favorite one it's like a flat orange it
is my favorite razor they have every
single time to talk about these guys
it's always been about the same thing
it's like a ten dollar kit and they ship
it to you this month it's free all you
do is pay three dollars shipping and you
get even more stuff they're sending you
five five razor packs the shave cream
and the razor you get this whole box
free frickin awesome company guys you
guys know I always talk about these guys
they have been one of our biggest
sponsors on this channel and they're
always showing love to you guys I know
that you guys really have always enjoyed
this stuff and they make great gifts you
get them for your dad's your
grandparents your you know anybody it's
a great gift box so check them out
Harry's com4 / Roman and use promo code
when you're checking out Roman and they
send you these free um shave balms
so check it out get you a good razor get
you a nice kit it's free $3 shipping
check it out my link in the description
go show him some love
so what fousey said be out in 20 seconds
yeah it's been to treatment this can I
just say I don't think I'd laugh that
what he said that's the best laugh on
the entire tour he was dying glad you
guys enjoyed
I'm suffering and so what's up for a
good house are you so water because I
have my eyes closed enjoying my shower
and when I get hit with ice what did I
do to deserve that
Pablo there's a perfectly good
explanation while we're late
this guy haha one more day you guys
ready call it quits
whoa not to call it quits but I'm ready
to be home to my puppies I'm ready to be
home to my puppies - yeah Club puppies
no one came
you have flashes full on howling now
like a howl what he does that like
crazies you're right are like wolves
don't you probably got a dog no dog no
dog hey one day kids no kids maybe one
day maybe one backup I'm sure you don't
want me to bring this up but we got
400,000 likes bro you going shark that's
cool I'm happy for you guys we're going
shark no actually got a picture of what
it may look like while you short dive
this is uh is his fousey shark diving
chile he's cold I'm sorry to break it to
you guys but we're going home tomorrow
so we don't have time oh we make her
supposed to do it today
maybe we fly back out whoa
maybe if you go I'll go they got it they
got it what have we learned about a
deal's a deal yeah yeah that's a deal's
a deal okay if you go I'll go there it
is I'm gonna ice not gonna happen today
yes it's like I'm gonna day but we're
gonna do it 100% ah yes what is this foo
C's wearing what is that what is he
wearing what is that called
Oh
don't worry hi Oh what's up man what's
that call like what is that Shiki
dashiki yeah
are you lying to him no that's DJ he
said he didn't know DJ he didn't know
and then greenroom is just there this
would be the very last time we get to
look out for a while oh look how high
that goes oh my god we are gonna go
knock out our meet and greet um we do it
every 950 people you guys already know
all this I'm gonna kind of skip past it
brittany has sent me which I haven't
even seen yet it's kind of weird that
you will see it I don't know how to
explain I stuff to edit it but I'm seen
as of right now I have not seen it so
we're sending you back to a howl for her
big surprise what she has not even told
me about enjoy welcome to Ohio today is
a big day I am going to get my surprise
tattoo for Roman I'm so excited
we have to go them super late come on
Emily bye flash I'll be back I'll be
back I'll be back
oh all right I love you have fun
okay we just got we just got to the
Patsy place and I met this guy through
Kayla her boyfriend comes here so he
said he would do it for me husband
boyfriend dev same thing right look how
realistically these hands look it's
really creepy okay guys we're at the
tattoo place getting ready to get it
really awesome really excited and I
don't know what something I want to do
for like three years now and today's the
day I'm gonna done Roman comes home
tomorrow so it's gonna be big surprise
for him
actually he's gonna see it in this oh
yeah that's ascended in this
yeah okay I'm done and I am in love with
it so I got an R and then I also got a
heart
um the heart is something I added today
but I love it
so that's it
I just wanted to come on here that's
kind of like a message for Roman more
than anything because you know we do
these vlogs we don't for you guys but
also as a side note we do them for us as
a memory for like in our lives so we can
always look back and see what we were
doing or what the kids were doing or how
little the kids was or anything we do in
our life we can look back to and watch
which is amazing I got a tattoo today of
Romans signature are on my finger
with a heart beside it and it's
something I wanted to do for a long time
and finally got done and I'm so excited
um it's something I wanted to do I
really didn't care what anybody thought
I cared about Roman thought um but I
really didn't care what anybody thought
about it or what anybody thinks about it
because it's something I wanted to do
and something I was gonna do on my own
um but I'm bringing you guys into my
life I'm opening up and sharing what I'm
doing and that's something I did that's
something I wanted to get done and I
loved it I'm so happy how it turned out
so to Roman I love you so much and I
know we've been together almost eight
years now and we're not married and I
don't care if we get married or not like
to me it's not about a wedding
certificate or a wedding ring or
anything like that it's about the bond
that we have together and that we both
know we want to like about to tear up we
both know we want to spend forever
together like we want to be with each
other forever as long as as long as
we're both alive living on this earth I
want to be with you and I wanted to get
your initial on this finger just to show
you and tell you that it's yours if you
want to put a ring on it you can but
it's yours and it's saved for you and
hard for me to open up on camera I'm not
Romans really good at opening up to you
guys and knowing it's not a camera that
it's it's you know it's people it's you
guys that we meet every day and we get
to change your life or you get to sit
and eat
watch up like and watch us um it's a
little hard for me sometimes
um I guess I just miss Roman a lot like
I seen him up I saw him a few days ago
when I'm excited he's coming home and I
just I don't know I feel like I feel
like we were made for to be with one
person and I know Romans my person and I
know he knows he thinks the same thing
about me so I don't know that's that
that's all I have for you guys I don't
know what else to say hey hey baby
what's up I know it is it so everyone
it's so weird because I haven't seen it
yet but I've already showed the footage
on the vlog that's so weird
yeah right
oh my god you got a heart in or on your
hand are you sure you should have R
stands for Roman how did you get my
signature our signature oh my god I love
it I don't even what to say I'm
speechless
wow I'm really really really surprised
and I'm really really shocked
I get I guess I knew you were getting a
tattoo but I didn't expect it on your
fingers and I didn't know that it was
gonna be me yeah so does this mean you
love me yours forever
and it's written in blood so um I'm
going to come home tomorrow super
excited and I can't wait to kiss your
hand make it feel better
bye bye love you
so I I have the best girl in the world
Britney has been a gift to my life she
has been a blessing to me she has I mean
I put so much blame on her
for saving my life like I really truly
believe that when I met her I was in a
place of no return and Britney came in
she was like I was like this old rusty
beat-up truck in the middle of a field
with grass ground around me and she came
in and she started cutting that grass
and polishing the truck and she just
worked on me night and day so uh Britney
really has saved my life guys and
obviously it's more than I thought it
would be I didn't think that she's gonna
put yr on her finger but I absolutely
love it and I think it looks Endor wanna
I can't wait to see it person it sucks
that we're so far away from each other
right now who is it
come on in
I'm good yeah so I just want to say um
just want to say thank you all for
watching our life like it's so weird to
put such intimate and personal details
on camera I hope that you guys are able
to take something from it love each
other
um family first man there's a big lack
of family things going on in this world
and we have to get
back to that we have to we have to learn
who who to love the most and that's our
families um one more show Lana Georgia
you are our last show tonight we're
about 40 minutes away from going onstage
and once again I'm going home so let's
do it baby
Brittany I love you you guys I love you
let's continue and let's not forget I
already got a letter B for Brittany a
while back who remembers that I'll write
Atlanta this is our very last show on
this leg of the tour
hi guys warping past a little bit of
time have a seat bro
ring around the Rosie what guys we have
officially wrapped our final show in the
United States Lucy
great job buddy you so much brother
these guys are the man no matter how
much we eat somebody in the restaurant
the owner the manager of every
restaurant we ever go to people send us
desserts and I always show it but
tonight look at this
these are huge huge dude look it you
know is being when it's almost the size
you're I'm gone you fall away I might
have I might have a cheese gate right
there at least a few bucks baby he's a
big cheese thing yeah I love cheese good
he's kept the shot bracelet on he keeps
shocking himself when he was eatin food
no no no you had the nachos
I didn't wanna shock myself for the
cheese cake totally different uh-huh you
have to tell you something in the
chakras of you I'm allowed right okay
I'm with you enjoy the way baby Ben Wang
all right guys it's almost 1:00 and I'm
done I'm not done not even close
I mean even edit this vlog yes I gotta
go through all this footage I still yeah
I know that you guys have seen it but I
haven't even downloaded all Britney's
footage yet from her tattoo technically
I still haven't seen it up till now but
I have seen it by the time you've seen
edited it's so strange I don't get it
let's move on I always thank you guys
but I'm gonna give you a special thank
you for everybody that has stuck around
during the tour vlogs I know every time
I start tour I get so many comments it's
like yo let me know when you're off tour
like I get it it is different it's not
me and my family and my home with my you
know my home life and that's some of my
favorite blogs as well so if you have
been here on this road this journey of
tour thank you guys man
it's unbelievable and obviously there
are so many of you that watch every day
so thank you for that I'm assuming that
home vlogs still win in the fight of
home blogs and travel vlogs so we're
just gonna leave it at that I just want
to give you a big thank you
for being here whether I'm at home or on
tour you guys are amazing I am gonna end
you guys can hear my voice I am gone
like I'm spent so I'm gonna edit I'm
gonna get this done and I'm gonna pass
out so that I can get home to my family
man that is all I'm thinking about right
now
thank you guys I love you you're one of
a kind don't forget how important you
are
smile more you're beautiful what I can't
be a yes-man and pretend that I like it
it's good for Brittney waitress doesn't
work we mean look at Halloween
trick-or-treat yeah smell my feet oh you
look so different with a chain on it's
crazies a good thing yo you're not the
humble boy from Ohio no more
