oh my god dude what's up but you look
exactly how I feel
yeah you know you look great but you
just you got that comfortable look and
look I don't want to do anything
welcome to the welcome welcome welcome
what are we doing up here boys
huh going on what is this it was so
clean up here moments ago what happened
card boy okay so this is what you're
aching triple-layer quad lair
you got the handguns oh my gosh you guys
are making all kind of stuff up here
Caine
oh wait I gotta wait to eat ready so
today I've been you know sometimes
before I pick up this camera I start
thinking about like what we're not only
what are we gonna vlog today but what's
that one thing that's you know gonna be
the entertaining part of the magnet
entertaining part of the vlog and then
you know obviously we do all the family
stuff but what's that one thing and
usually I have like some ideas sometimes
they're a little off sometimes they're
funny sometimes they're just ridiculous
and instead of like trying to come up
with it all day like I'm walking around
like what do we get out like what's that
one thing today we're gonna do this that
you guys are like entertained with and I
got nothing all right that's the honest
truth I don't have anything today I mean
I have some ideas but I was like I don't
know if I can pursue them today ha ha ha
so I decided let's just grab the camera
and film she's you made a sword to get
out of control is that bacon tape so
that is where I'm just going to bring
this camera along for today ting ting
ting ting ting by the way you want what
did he do today by himself
no squatters or something no but I mean
you weren't helping them no yeah
he won in fortnight I've never won
around and fortnight no I don't I don't
play it but I did play it I never once a
good job you took it you got you got two
kills in that game two or three that's
so yeah if if you lost the game a
fortnight yesterday there's a good
chance maybe King was it what took you
out gonna walk out and check Wow it is
absolutely beautiful unfortunately
weren't you coming out let's do it
unfortunately our snow is almost
completely almost completely gone it's
melting it's wet the pond looks like a
half pond half frozen pond right now oh
it's actually kind of depressing I I
love the snow so much so what you doing
getting on trampoline this is mud all
right how's it going how's the how's the
hat craze it's going crazy or sold out
yeah right yesterday actually for us
today so weird we literally just
launched $10 camo and pink smile more
hats I have no I can't I can't imagine
us selling out of them today so I'm
gonna go ahead and say it today again we
have $10 camo and paint smile more hats
which is super cool super awesome and we
are just selling them until they're gone
and then they're back yeah well they're
a little different they're not our usual
if you bought in a camo hat before and
they were like 20 bucks it's not that
hat they are a little different they're
kind of second some of them have flaws
some they're like a little bent and the
font is actually see you can tell this
one's like bent a little it's nothing
like some of these are flawless you all
came out out girl so yeah those are
still available at the time I'm filming
this if you want to hat ten bucks right
now hey I don't have anything like quota
foam today like it's just me in this
camera should we do today like like man
I'm just being real like we're gonna do
the family like we always do but what's
the one thing we could do like something
just like you know captivates the
audience brings them into this journey
this excitement what are you looking at
pranks the big cockroach on our way out
yeah trying to think it's up we do to
the guys the guys are downstairs work
and she's like creepy crawly bugs yes
yeah never prank them with that stuff
though there's got to be like a cannon
that goes off and shoots dinosaur parts
okay whatever it is I'm gonna keep
rolling I'm gonna go downstairs are you
coming in or you stay down here you're
coming downstairs that's perfect
all right I'm a wreck now you know why I
started with tux just laying now so I
don't want to lay we've done a lot today
a lot off-camera we've been to the gym
we we went to lunch we just I didn't
start the blog at all so here we are
oh yeah it's coming along down here boys
woo so I look like country's prison gym
though man so what we doing today I
would ask everybody what do we do today
what maybe that's the vlog today is that
we just will do anything we just set the
camera down and and just let it roll
from 2530 minutes anywhere I can drywall
and drywall that's the blog today guys
welcome to the vlog we are hanging
drywall with brian and country down here
you know what's funny is chase chase was
like I know I'm gonna do your drywall
and then he just disappears it seems
like he's going we can't do a drywall
blog come on guys we got step it up step
it up there's a lot of bloggers in the
game we got it we got it
what do we got you have something so
yeah here comes the girls but are you
serious like you're working dude off
camera no they come with me everywhere
these guys yeah what we're just warming
we're a team so whatever you got to say
to me you can say to them
bro my workmen's comp
fawful yo what all can we do today I
need some help you know as a daily vlog
you start running out ideas
nothing Oh see there be excited you guys
welcome to the vlog we are mocking this
floor today so I hope you're ready for
something exciting all right what is it
what is it yes I swear don't you knock
it I really thought about this all right
I'm not gonna you haven't given my
birthday wish
yeah because the pandu they wish uh-huh
I think you feel it better
uh-huh I think you have a chainsaw here
I I think we need to change so and it's
time to go get the dip in I'll do it
today cut on the eyes if you cut the
eyes I will dip into it it's warm out
dude I'd like the water still ice it's
like but at least yeah take that you
take it
everybody chainsaw let's go get some
real love if if we go get a chainsaw and
cut this ice are you gonna dip in what
yeah and that's the other thing the ice
dip it's all rocks right now I'm not
getting in that ranch dog in right now
you're making bad deals today that I
have nothing to do with me once we got a
storm coming look at this no well this
is all things against us right now
that's just dark clouds you know don't
look at me like that it's nice and warm
out the chemicals just disappeared it's
like we don't use it for a week we come
on it's just gone it just disappears
all right yes you don't take care of it
they just go away and start growing the
green stuff no let's just drain it drain
it all out put new water and it looks it
looks like the pond looks better what
you say Brit you ready go dipping
Veronica you got a dip in the pond you
got a dip in the pond really Jase you
going with me
you go go okay oh god yeah you gotta
hurt each other sisters so it's gonna be
a night dive it will be a night dive my
tongue we go get a chainsaw all right
I'm gonna get it let's do it okay you
got a chainsaw yeah I got one
okay so about 30 it'll be dark when you
get back so we're doing that night dive
it's all right he might go get it it
takes 30 minutes I'll see you and you
back
seeing 2504 bread everything's still
frozen it's just got a top layer of
water no flashes flash is so helpful
look at he knows you're not actually in
danger Cora
aah hi baby daddy's going in the ice
Brian's gonna go get a chainsaw we're
gonna basically be drilling through the
ice at night we're gonna need light and
we're gonna be doing night diving so
it's gonna be oh we are actually just
below freezing 31.5 34 31 point four
degrees Fahrenheit what would that be
Celsius negative 3 negative 7 negative 3
so other than this up melted snow on top
of this ice we are just sitting on thick
frozen pond and died it's actually
really thick still you know I'm so happy
you don't have nothing to think of today
I come up with the idea so that I get to
do what I want this is your idea I'm
just first time this is cold day right
now it's getting colder and it's getting
colder and Brian just send me a text he
goes should I take my time I said yes
thank you so this is beginning to freeze
already it's getting the temperatures
dropping it's turning more into ice and
water so Brian's gotta go get a chainsaw
we're kind of just wait and and she put
put my converse yes oh you remember the
story behind these before I knew if I
was having a boy or a girl I tweeted out
if I have a girl and I was holding these
shoes
and we had a girl you can rock them now
they fit perfect like I guess I got a
rock whatever you put on me you got it
you got to put yours on I know I have
the same one let's do it baby let's do
it baby I cannot wait till she's
cruising around on a little toes to
doom-doom doom-doom to do dude alright
chainsaw has arrived are you going in
bro so I just cut a big cube around here
no no we got to do it off the ladder you
can climb down the ladder now you can
stand on the ladder
yeah yeah
oh my did it stick really deep
it's a big-block dude here get that out
it looks so cold
that is so cold looking looks terrible
how thick is that ice how oh my it dude
it's thick ice what it's so deep I don't
realize how thick the ice 100 sorry look
how thick that ice is so this is the
depth this is how thick the ice is
dude that's what dude that looks amazing
holy crap look at the chunks look you're
deep that's how the depth of the ice
right there that is how deep the ice is
hard to tell here's a flashlight crazy
it's already freezing dude that is
unreal so clear yo we need to mount this
flashlight right there
well we don't have a hot tub but we do
have a tub pice back ready are you ready
look that that's how deep the ice is
isn't that crazy
Brian those big muscles see besides you
don't go in so swim trunks are on strip
down basically get there why am i I'm
ten times more nervous right now
to get in that I indicate climb all the
way up that mega ramp and attempt to
back up a nitro circus Oh
there's just no like I have anxiety
right now my heart is like beating over
this stupid birthday wish he knew those
only birthday wish Plus this is
redemption this is my yeah during the
Ice Plus this is redemption from Finland
when I was the only one that couldn't
get in the ice water you have to go that
I go quickly yes you can do it dude it
stops me from breathing is that normal
you win today I hold your breath hold
your breath and go alright dude you
do it do it now do it then deepen if we
got the deep your head this could be my
chance maybe I could fail right now or I
can do it plus you're gonna go with me I
don't wanna go so just tell you how how
loyal my viewers are how much faith they
have in me let me read you some comments
I posted a picture of the hole from the
pawn right now Roman we all know you
won't do this let's throw him come from
my girl club Chloe she's always got my
back she's saying I won't do it do it
you won't all right you'll be out like
at the last moment as you always do when
it comes to icy water
oh hey so once this finally make sure
country goes in first he's got to test
the water all right good day they got no
faith to me is this Finland all over
again
are you it are you finally gonna do it
how many likes for country to do it
there we go
how many likes for country to do it if
he doesn't do it it's chasing Brian are
in I'll do it I'll do it
you pick the lights and be be real about
it but what I would say is this I have
faith in you go herping there's no way
you were doing it at that twenty bucks
hang they don't even believe in me I'm
gonna go these guys tell them I put the
ice up here than just here hope you
actually go under this time man
well I think it's time thinking time for
you to really redeem myself this is
redemption meliorn
this is you need them to get this done
you need to prove to the viewers yeah
yeah you got this this is for them this
is for me this is for you
let's do it Ryan you said you want to go
first let's go okay so this is it this
is it guys we are about to go in this
ice let me brightness okay so it's a
little better
you can see dude the pond is freezing as
we speak this is turning into ice so is
wicked cold the hole is cut and ready
Brian wants to go first now here's the
real challenge like you can get in and
experience it or your entire head can
dip underwater and that's how you
actually do the challenge dunker your
head has to go under so you can go
headfirst if you want make it easy no I
will go pee first foot first
this is get this done hey I like it
country don't you finally get to sit
back and just watch okay number one I'm
gonna do it because you know you're
doing good he's out you know that
freaking polar bear I'm out you're gonna
like literally well there's the hot tub
up that's gonna feel so hot yo I'm out
here struggling so hard to get in this
water and he just did it is it that
wasn't even cold you see that I did see
that this makes me upset but when he got
out that's all the reaction you need
like he literally had to run immediately
because this brain is smart and saying
take cover mayday mayday something's
wrong do it me or you how was it did
your heart like did your breath go away
no I felt like I was in the shower like
it was warm oh just looking at it gives
me a little bit of heart rush like yeah
it's traumatic Oh
once you get that you got it come on
papa bear are you you'll do it again
what's wrong with you I'm cold just with
no shirt on oh you're wearing socks do
right now but my heart's racing
why can I do certain things no problem
but this is terrifying I'm pretty
terrified as well I'm with you
good there you go just go in
just get it everywhere it disappears oh
my god nice try what's wrong with you
you got like polar fur underneath that
dude it's it's the gut that's what it is
he's got a gut you just got it going
there's a flashlight bro
I'm so happy you did it Finland Finland
trained me oh that's the trick you
cannot think Jason have to fall under
yeah look at you Steven bro
do that don't dad then two down one to
go
two to go actually two more what do you
mean oh I'm good all right my man Gilly
Gill is about to dive into the Arctic
tomb that's probably a bad name for it I
should probably change the name Jo not
like a like Showtime you will complete
this challenge Gil in your Arctic bubble
bath that's a good name for it or big
bubble bath here he goes here he goes
well you can't think about it you can't
think about it whoa there it is
the poncho it's complete and everybody
that doubted me I want to thank you
because if you didn't doubt me I may not
have done it I wanted to prove you wrong
so I'm not gonna lie so much of me was
like I got to prove some of my viewers
wrong because I know a lot of you were
like he won't do it and it's something
actually so simple like I just something
I'm not good at that's all
you won't do the ice challenge put your
shoes on look at this it's the Arctic
Arctic tub the cult in that crazy
it is cool I can assure you very cool we
all did I already did it yeah it is
pretty cold yeah nothing bad I don't
know country there's still time if
you're thinking about it if you don't
want to be you know the only one that
didn't do it I'm just bringing in this
birthday wish I've been waiting so long
it was a birthday wish wasn't it but I'm
telling you this day is all about you
and you did it Wow it's a whole
different world inside here spaghetti
noodles chicken salad nice
nails are you proud of me are you proud
of yet I climb over this wire Billy
that's what I look like your t-shirt
when I climbed up I didn't see your back
but in mine okay
it's watching the footage and I'm like
something looks ridiculously wrong with
my back like crazy like I'm a dinosaur
it's not back fat they said to you you
want to see my back don't touch me don't
touch me cue everybody get away Brett
you got Phil my back so they know I'm
normal I'm a normal not a strike sorry
Sara Soros all right tell me if I look
like I have like bumps and lumps come
back you know what it was your swimming
trunks were too tight and you were bent
like a certain way no I was up here you
had like a yeah great I'm telling you
see the footage okay
lumps going down my back I almost almost
did it again because I didn't like it I
see I got my trophy
look what I got I got a trophy trophy
girl she's not she doesn't seem too
convinced that's food okay put shirt on
the family show what you got what you
got and my camera's really bright let me
help me adjust this a little bit here we
go
eaten them up well the girls are over
here doing their new little aspirin wait
what is in here acetone hundred percent
pure acetone
what the small things when does its acid
dude this that's alien stuff it's all
gonna disappear where does it go yeah
but where does the Peugeot know Peyton
oh all right hey y'all showered up he
just did sixteen push-ups and I missed
it because right now we have to do
sixteen push-ups that's our daily number
and we're adding one a day you did 30
today not on camera doesn't count so if
you follow the channel once a day we add
one push-ups a day so we're at 16 right
now and it's adding up quick we started
it just 10
30:16 let's get along like it's gonna
take a while to film these what do we do
when we're at like 500 the videos will
be 60 minutes long so you gonna fill
them again you've been the cameraman for
all these two guys this kids killing
push-ups he does them all and then he
says so that I can film so alright you
don't have to this little birdie can
film yeah here we go mommy you joining
no that's what a lot of these guys are
saying no I don't want to do it come on
get up let's do it alright here we go
just sixteen we can knock this out go at
your own pace go at your own pace
Mazz will do sixteen now because that's
more insanity
well she's cheap right mono didn't all
right ready nice and straight here we go
three four five six seven eight 13 14
you little faker
oh that was your doing are you trying to
make it she's like this is how I get you
guys to come over to me not this you
want it great job flash great job buddy
we love you guys so much thanks for
joining us today I'm super pumped that I
did the ice challenge because you guys
know I was not so good at that years ago
we love you
pretty cool day consider we had no plans
and oh now you're happy
we will see you too
ma 64 vlogs in a row 60 consider you
challenged me to just go to Christmas
were still going baby love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow you're beautiful
one-of-a-kind smile more
you
