alright guys we can do this what's up
good morning welcome to the vlog good
afternoon good night whatever time it is
we are leaving the beautiful South Beach
Miami Florida right now headed to
Atlanta Georgia I finished editing
yesterday's vlog at 4:30 a.m. it's
currently 9:00 a.m. let's go let's get
started I'm a little zombified bear with
me
whoo just keep moving baby just keep
moving one more show in Georgia and I am
home Pablo okay
what up DJ man it's always a party in
your room down here how did I beat
out Susie oh I'm gonna say nothing do
what he wearing oh don't ask
woah up and felt the vibe that I got it
yesterday so dear to me in yummy yummy
it's a it's the Kanye the Kanye line he
overcharges people for these sweaters so
when you where you supposed to feel like
on yet oh do you feel like Kanye yeah
he's almost ready Pablo I'm kidding he's
not even close I guess while we wait
months we'll make a phone call here
operator give me the police who actually
knows what this is who remembers a
rotary phone who remembers this this
guess I'm crazy I guess this is not
really this is a digital rotary but I
think it I actually remember having the
phone where you you turn it you push and
let go
pretty sure they were way before my time
but I actually had on
number yeah what grandmother had one in
her house it's crazy
even a phone on the wall with a
corny-ass crazy yeah that's crazy
but yeah there are reasons this is a
$200 coming in cat this sells for two
hundred two hundred dollars you can
reset I can sell it right down the
streets for two hundred oh I know I
don't agree with it get it boo see early
morning raps get it boosts the early
morning rats chillin in the elevator
like where are we going we're headed to
Atlanta where homies are snow and
shoveling working every single day
making their paper so they don't gotta
go it's too early it's too early for
that
- I one more show guys and we are off to
our regular lives you said you home to
your puppies of course I'm excited all
of them my new tattoo do you think you
think your puppies will recognize your
tattoo well I got smart dogs I got smart
they're smart the side thing they will I
know you they are they're small actually
at a gym yesterday about dollar and he
was so upset that I kept leaving for
tour he had a dollar and a dream for
real no one more show guys I get to go
home to my beautiful kids
Britney my home I'm excited for Lana but
I'm excited to go home - you excited to
get home to regular life now I love
being up here that's what you love this
is your thing
that's great we need a boat we need a
boat always around all this water we
never have a boat I want to vote
I wanna bow I'm on a boat you're scared
of the water though I am Lucy is dead
like that's his thing you're like that
you're like a cat cats are scared of
water
yeah but a hundred times worse legit but
you know what likes water lions so you
more like a little cat why do you
always need in his jokes nobody she
laughing sorry I sorry for what I said
when I was hungry whatever it's
officially goodbye c'est la vie hope you
guys enjoyed yesterday's wrong like I
tried to vlog as much as possible over
30 minute vlog for me is really really
long they love me
c'est la vie what does they love you
goodbye sir adios Futterman are you
hungry if it does mean that I feel like
an idiot
I will pay for your breakfast right now
if you go up and kisses good fun you
gotta kiss it
how many people live in your kisser
nobody your kisser I got your breakfast
yo you know what Kanye in case you guys
don't know this is Kanye's merch line
it's very expensive it's very it's a
Gildan hoodie which means you can make
this thing in your basement you know
that you should come out with it he
should come out with Kanye should come
up with survival blankets that you use
when you're out of money because you
bought all his Mirage invention and you
can sleep on the streets and stay warm
I'm not saying I'm with it but people
lined up for hours yesterday five
thousand people sold out across the
world they're a guild in hoodie and sure
can't say anything you can't I don't
people aren't lining up for smile more
yeah because they have it they have a
full supply run that's good so you're
telling me that I need to make limited
he needs to make limited he needs to
sell them out of your local Bob Evans
people show up for pancakes and a shirt
credible man absolutely code we're gonna
get some food Iowa Pablo I gotta pay for
Pablo because you kiss the the 3d girl
guys we just warp to Georgia man I just
wanted to skip how many I got a trivia
for you right now
Pablo do you think any one of my viewers
can tell me this question
this answer all right how many flights
have I been on this year how many do you
think I bet that one of your viewers
will be able to go back there maybe
someone already knows like you guys keep
like spreadsheets of things that I do
somebody might already know how many
flights I've been on it's ridiculous
right now so we're in Atlanta Georgia
we're gonna look for something to do I
can already tell you this right now
there's a giant aquarium here you guys
know I like aquariums the only issue
with the aquarium is it's something I've
always wanted to do with my family like
I literally thought let's take the
family to Atlanta to the aquarium so if
I do it by myself I may feel a little
greedy like I may feel a little out of
place too and I may just miss my family
too much so I don't know yet I don't
know yeah I got my tour family with me
but that's just not the same table I
don't know what to say it's just not the
same all right so when we're talking
about flights is it individual flights
or connecting like how how many planes
have identified connected that's two
planes I would say I'm going with 120 oh
that's too much too much yeah because
world we're halfway through the year so
that would be like 150 days let's just
say give or take 200 things I would be
on a flight at least once a day but lots
of connection there's a lots of
connections this conversation is getting
too deep for nobody necessarily plates
have been on somebody will so I hope
somebody does once money it's gonna be
close just in case somebody does know
how many flights have I been on since I
started vlogging as a good DJ y'all one
of my bags is going one of my bags is
over there there ya go grab that bag
I'll be honest when you have one day and
the city you want to do as much as part
I don't know what to do Boosie what do
you want to do King of Diamonds or Magic
City
ain't doing that uh it's not healthy bro
it's not healthy I have the best chicken
wings I promise you huh huh all right I
just Google best things to do in Atlanta
you know the first thing that pops up is
what do you think the first thing is
still dangles Magic City
pinkie back actor the world of coca-cola
what the world cup me museum showcasing
the popular subject alright number two
Georgia Aquarium marine world to over a
hundred and twenty thousand animals to
is that playschool have you been very
nice I ain't got a shirt on so we just
went from like going and doing crazy
stuff to what what now what now I don't
have shirt on
I'm not I'm not showing your boobs dude
what are you showing what what are we
doing oh we're gonna go to like you know
those hip-hop jewelry stores oh yeah
because I need I need some new hip-hop
jewelry it's just for fun he's coming to
the show tomorrow and he said he's
making him a team Pablo what yeah full
of jewellery store so we can go and try
on jewelry for fun you want to go I'm
down for whatever I just yeah look at
Jordan okay how much let you guys know
I'm a jewelry buffle you know I always
have good we'll get like one of the
giant gold mister tea sets yeah I think
it fit me it's more me than nothing and
we could upgrade the Pablo chain instead
of being plastic that I wear yeah who's
this you wanted to see these oh shut up
how much Oh cheap flip-flops how much
love huh don't worry about that my whole
outfit costs about 19 bucks is that oh
no are they a bit small they might fit
me bro
are they small be honest okay I like
hanging out with Lucy lockers he's got
we got totally different styles totally
different taste in things first of all
he paints his toenails I don't do that
where's the paint well not right now
they're not painted I have logs of you
with glitter under to understand you did
it I'm not saying it's not wrong with it
but Gucci flip-flop yeah that's a real
thing I am I honestly might know yo but
that's true mean Roman do have
completely different personalities I
think that's why we key would never like
buy something like this like it's just
not him but I enjoy the finer things in
life
Gucci flip-flops Rolex watches chains uh
tavern I'm sure you're still taking a
shower a half dude you wanna smell me I
can't smoke Oh their new challenge is
called the smell food Oh
like I smell bad you know I smell great
smell me Pablo you know I'll be honest
oh yeah you look like when you ever seen
a dog get near skunk all right guys
we're on the move we're headed out we're
going to uh jewelry blowjob jewelers hip
hop jewels aim yeah finally gonna go
from Roman to a hybrid of MGK Macklemore
and Eminem whoo won't be my rapper name
guys if I was a rapper would be my
rapper name being honest I think it
would be slim hot-fire slim slim fire no
slim FIFA vanilla
no slams let's let's been taking them
Shady's been taking okay you don't ever
mess with that whole thing okay
leave it alone you'll never understand
so we just showed up at an interesting
place like a little malt looks like in a
horror mall like just a little normal oh
you forgot your phone that's five stars
for you that was just a test
why you always leave your stuff is the
uber experiment already this your gold
sputtering Oh better now says we buy
gold you can sell some stop was this the
place you took a spoon now it's my fault
Pablo you want to earn a free dinner
today you gotta go down on this stage
and perform for anybody to sit around
you got to take your top shirt off and
swing up around like this yeah free
dinner dude no because you have another
shirt on that's good so you're not us we
just got this store and these guys
invited us in first of all thank you for
bringing us here and I think I think I
know what this is all about
Britany college addiction yeah
Brittany suck this up then Jesus ah
students raised right here and I know
what this is all about now you guys are
setting me up
no sighs and everything oh okay don't
tell it don't tell them um don't tell
her I'm here I've never worn jewelry
guys could you see me in jewelry could
you see me no fat chance maybe just
something small with a little yeah
I just don't think I can pull it off I
mean I could pull it off I don't slow me
I can wear it
what yeah but you got all these crosses
right here right here to pull it on I
think so not a huge rod like a small
tiny honey with like a black chain yeah
black started at the bottom now we're
here you know why you don't this is how
you know you shouldn't own a chain is
when you can't clip it yourself you have
somebody like that longer right yeah
moon up it doesn't work it doesn't work
for me yeah you look good in it I think
I don't know why cuz you got you got
breasts is that why I hold in them yeah
like sticks mine's like stuck over here
on left or right I got be real be real
be real this is for my girl oh it's for
my girl right hey what you guys think
you know what I can't be a yes-man and
pretend that I like
it's good for Brittany wages doesn't
work what do you mean I got Halloween
trick-or-treat
yeah smell my feet oh you look so
different with a chain on it's crazy
good thing yo you're not the humble boy
from Ohio no more DJ if you were gonna
pick out a ring for a woman that you
love what would it be
which one I mean this is your selection
Holly that one a big circle the square
would be Family Circle oh my god if I
got that for my girlfriend she'd be
dragging it like this way when she goes
out with her girlfriend she's like see
whatever yo let me see um Cassie she
lookin this what a ring feels like huh
how much is this ring miss what does
what does one karat look like one game
what's a carat like if if we were
searching for carats but here's what
four carats look like yes fortune yeah
that's a carat
oh but it's lots of them right I don't
give me oh no like one carat diamond do
you have on solid okay yeah guys I know
this is in the vlog and you're gonna rat
me out but don't tell Brittany I would
ever looked at rings like don't ever say
serious hashtag don't hunger ah yes sir
you're gonna have to pull fousey out we
have to pull no I'm only going with
these Shh all of that no you're not and
this you think you're a mr. t he's got
the beard started exactly how we use a
mobile I'm glad I don't look good in
hurry like I'm glad cuz I said my name
just rack it up and so much god I
probably shouldn't be putting this in
the vlog but if I was to get Brittany a
ring I should rephrase that when I man
up and get Brittany a ring it's gonna be
a ring that blows her mind like if I
don't even know where you get rings like
the kind of ring that I would get from
Brittany if I was gonna win Brittany's
super light right yeah I'm not talking
my weight like she's just like she's a
petite girl yeah you should get a ring
that weighs half her size that's what is
that is that the rule of thumb the rule
for size you never met I told her it's
Drake
that's meeting you miss do you like his
music I love is I didn't get a picture
with her people tell me this all time
was your favorite song of mine the one
room I just got her believing that Lucy
is great she really believed in it I saw
you walking from that escalator black
carbon opinion yeah great and then one
of you left your phone or something in
the car Seiko I was watching it oh yeah
picture let me get a picture this is you
or him I'm gonna give him one day
uh-huh everybody say Drake
he is so talented so very talented um so
basically what do you do you caused that
to happen and I felt so bad for the poor
woman Oh what do you mean
Oh bet it was the time of her life
whether she thinks you're not on our
Facebook page insane just met drape she
a hundred percent she goes I love the
song he did with Rihanna oh my god
here's my thought whether she thinks she
just met Drake or she did meet Drake she
was equally as happy so uh you know we
wanted a but her jokes a joke
warping on to the next location we're
gonna grab some food and we just warped
actually over to a bigger mall was this
called Cumberland mall to Lucy says you
guys ready yeah what do you think so
good - books going please do it for the
show tomorrow I'll get it just for the
show
yeah anywhere else okay no we're that's
fine all right we'll add that one we're
good Oh I would not lie to you it looks
really good
what do you guys think well what's going
on here though that's just the messed up
high you got gonna defer the Hat style
looks really good on you ISIL I feel
like you're pranking me I'm gonna buy it
you guys keep you back there no look I
find me let's find one that fits I'll
try it I'll let these guys tell me
whether it's good or not that's what I
do with my first half we they um that's
more deal back at Ohio or your brother
Dale backing on my m4 do all right so we
had a little time to wait we had a
40-minute wait 40-minute wait on our
stuff so I got me an all-black hat and I
didn't get the one said look good
I don't know it's not
I don't know I liked it but it's not I
don't know I don't know it's funny I
don't know if Brittany saw you wearing
that hat she would have flew here
tomorrow cuz she missed you so much
because I how good you look too shot ah
okay so walk in this restaurant and I
see this hat on the table and he's
rockin ass mama hat thank you guys so
much son and father drove in from DC
right to see the show tomorrow nice
thank you guys so much and that's
amazing
we're gonna have fun it's my broken hand
that's my brother all right we just have
we all got deep into our food I don't my
camera at one time so I'm pulling it up
for dessert you guys please take some of
this this is DJ's lovely family what's
up we are all enjoying amazing dinner
and I ordered this thinking that I
wanted a little dessert but it's the
size of like in all of us please please
take as much as you'd like and we got
another one down here yo DJ you got an
amazing family man I don't know how you
moved away from them I had to be near my
kids there you go case closed
we just ate some of the greatest food we
eat so much on this tour so much we eat
so little but when we eat it's like too
much I feel like I'm just gonna go back
and pass out and skip the vlog not gonna
edit this what's been the best meal on
this tour chicken and waffles it was
this one and chicken a wall chicken and
waffles was a memory I'm never cooking
it so special like hot when I tell my
kids that story was gonna be true or not
I'm like one time I had these chicken
waffles
okay we are back acted guys I hope you
have had an incredible what is going on
with these lots hope you have had such a
good day man I'm ending my night I am
wrapping up I'm gonna edit this so I can
actually sleep tonight been a wonderful
day off it wasn't as exciting as I
thought it would be but I want to do
this I want to do this aquarium thing so
bad they actually tweeted me today and
invited me I don't know if it's gonna be
able to happen because I was show
tomorrow then I fly home to my kids my
family but I am gonna make this happen
I'm gonna make Lucy dive to
so whether I end up flying down with my
family eventually for a little vacay I'm
gonna take fousey make him dive with
them shark so I love you guys
um tonight was pretty cool man dinner
was awesome and the the father and the
son I don't know if you guys remember a
while back I was sitting at a restaurant
and this mother and daughter ended up
paying for my meal like without saying
anything they never even said anything
they just paid for my meal so tonight I
paid for the father and sons meal and I
know it's not a big deal like but it
just felt awesome man and they they were
just so happy about it and they will be
at my show tomorrow somebody get to meet
them and hang out with them again
somebody am i doing ain't nobody at my
door nobody's at my door hey too much I
was happening all aware anyway guys
thank you for absolutely everything you
are beautiful you are one-of-a-kind
please fight the negativity be positive
you can do whatever it is you want to do
and not only that you can do it the best
whatever happened today use it to become
the better version of who you are
tomorrow baby make it better tomorrow
I promise you learn from your mistakes
we all screw up we all make mistakes
we're humans but use the mistakes to
better yourself be the better version of
who you are to mom am Telling You guys
rock dude I love you we will see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
you gotta get it up
