guys welcome to the vlog welcome to our
extremely messy house thumbs up to the
viewers hmm hey what's up hmm today is a
huge freaking day man I don't even know
how to explain today's the day we
finally get to reveal to you our new
aquarium this is something we've been
waiting for actually it's been months
since I first talked about the hole in
the wall and what was gonna be there so
today is finally the day that we get to
show you our butts you ready go see the
tank huh why are you getting so big so
fast
you're growing rapidly so I honestly was
gonna get like a cover I was gonna make
this vlog all about the reveal of this
tank and I just figured well first why
didn't get the covers let that blue that
out but honestly you guys waited forever
to see this tank chances are you've
already seen it on Animal Planet last
night and if you did it here it is our
brand new custom smile more aquarium
here we go guys like I couldn't be more
excited to show you this really is a
dream come true to me
here's the tag
we've really waited so long to show you
this it's finally here it's absolutely
beautiful
comes my favorite fish in the entire
world guys the clown trigger sorry to
see him he's gonna chicken guys to help
here's the alleles back here this is
where they all that time right there
they came from he hides right s is
always back and wraps himself around the
s it's his body right there
you
so guys here it is is it I hope you guys
enjoyed as much as I do it is absolutely
insane as breathtaking is more than I
could have ever imagined having long
story short it just really is a dream
come true to have this tank man
especially custom-built with art with
our company logo on it it's just too
much man
I'm beside myself I'll try to give you
the shortest version forgive me I am
shooting on a fisheye lens because it's
the only way to show the whole smile
more logo on the screen because the I'll
explain that later
basically years and years and years ago
before I had much of anything you know
before YouTube I loved saltwater
aquariums and I would collect from fish
tank todd you guys know todd from the
vlogs I would go and I would hustle he
had like these these $10 pieces of coral
they were little pieces of coral and I
just I wanted it so bad and I would just
hustle 10 bucks at a time these little
corals it's all I could get and even
that was like I shouldn't be buying this
I shouldn't be using this money to buy
little coral so basically I had this
little little aquarium in my old house
and I would just add these little corals
as I would come up with a little money
here and there as years went by and as
my youtube channel started to grow a
little bit I reached out to Animal
Planet and I was like yo I'm this
youtuber with and I didn't have like
anything that a TV show would be like oh
yeah we need to bellman tank I didn't
have any big numbers I was just like I
wanted a tank so that built for me so I
sent this email
nothing ever happens in fact I did get
an email back but it was like it was
like an automated like we will forward
this to the I don't know I don't know
where it went and the guys from tanks
and nobody ever saw the email so they
didn't even know I sent the email years
later now this year Animal Planet
reaches out to me and asks if they can
build me an aquarium it's just like an
impossible story to me and I really
can't explain to you how crazy it all
worked and how crazy it all was it's
like the whole it really is like the law
of attraction man it really works that
way and I'm telling you this tank is
surreal me it really is a dream come
true so thank you guys for being here
thanks for being so patient and thanks
for dealing with this crazy fish laughs
I'm gonna go to my vlog camera now this
is what I was explaining about you can't
get the logo in the shop you see how the
creases are right here so it always
pushes a letter wonder
you can never see the logo no matter how
far back you go you can never see the
logo it's also hard to see the size of
the tank unless somebody's really
standing beside it he's trying to kiss
you
I don't think you guys know how good it
feels to just be able to film in the
store without hiding like I can only
shoot this direction for the last month
is like walking around I have to watch
reflections you guys would catch
reflections and uh it's crazy did it did
it did it did it you this is the
craziest thing it is absolutely
beautiful here man we're running out get
a couple supplies and things we need for
tomorrow you know what's so crazy is by
the time I'm filming this like right now
the tank episode hasn't even aired yet
it's still like two hours away so I
haven't even got to see the show but
I've already seen in tweets and you guys
live in different parts of the world
where you can't even watch the show or
in the UK it doesn't come out for like
another like week or so or two weeks or
something till the 13th or so yeah so
Animal Planet sent me a quick like two
three-minute clip of the show it's
pretty funny check it out
ready to shank hey guys you need help
with anything I could get in here
mumbles for that stand out yeah he could
I don't believe it he wants to get in
the tank dude put him in take those off
Yeah right gonna level it out is this
all you do all day walk around this
thing a film people yeah I could really
get into this man you should do it hey
what's up everybody its Brett Raymer
tank come on boy roll man working today
say what's up Rome yo what's up I'm a
boy wait up des it was subway what's up
guys you know what the only problem is
your fingers over the mic
there's a reason why he's a pro and I'm
not the best damn coming boys like I'm
cleaning a litter box it's good we're
almost there I think we're done 20 more
bags honey yeah it's a lot hard work huh
Kane you coming come on in
I need some help come on buddy we got
you what are you gonna get well sandy
check it out it's definitely a first
you got more Shane coming hold on oh
there you go here it goes no high five
if I didn't get in here what were you
gonna do is on the sand itself level
soon as you put the water in Oh
you're done I'm done someone keep
putting the switch on I think we're
ready all right time to get out of the
tank
you were pretty harsh too are you trying
to waterboard the guy next time I see
you be when the tanks done we hope so
all right here we go guys
you still down you fast though it's just
about that time guys where is time to
blow up some fireworks have some fun
with them friends there's some stuff on
the grill here we are this is what I'm
getting - look at that look at that
that's awesome
people think of everything is this what
you're going with I'm see Rockstar Oh No
I've seen it all now dude look at this
apron are you kidding me what do that
thing with your head creep
it's like the new purge purge hey ready
get a picture together hmm oh dude you
can be Batman
huh you don't be Batman you sure
Batman's pretty cool and that's not that
safe of the store to go in man you just
start buying stuff wow that is cool in
the Sun man look at the roof I love it
man good choice put it on let me see
I think you made a good choice dude one
more store cane is in the spirit of
things mom he's ready he is baby I think
you just saw my whole outfit for
tomorrow are you kidding me you like it
oh my god I love it
you want it I want some more of it oh
yeah I have to have it well really on it
oh my blogging supplies all my things I
mean wait seriously yeah I'm a firework
lighter cool that's just one zipper with
she Pam I'm just being dead serious I
need it I don't want it I need it are
you together - oh you need these be
really good yeah you think I can do it
yeah I love his confidence in his father
not bad right yeah
try for soccer balls ready oh okay okay
now try isn't there not even in my am I
ready oh my god like watches tongue
watches time sir I know what's up dude
yeah how you doing good are you I'm sure
I'm trying to do joke over sorry balls
it's impossible I can't do it oh yeah
you can do for those all right we're out
of here
I just want everyone to know that this
trip was totally successful
that's scary
big clam up in the truck oh you hit the
truck I'm up in the truck yeah you gotta
ride back here on the way home oh oh you
have to head up Baker yeah dude only 20
minutes into our our show comes on I
know we're gonna carry all this stuff in
get settled our show comes on and we're
gonna actually watch a TV show - gotcha
TV show crazy thing is we never ever
ever had cable TV we don't cable TV she
logged in on her laptop and we can watch
it yeah hey flash what's up dude
you know it's crazy we've actually had
cable TV since we like literally had the
internet came with it like a package but
we've never hooked it up that means like
two years worth of cable we've never
hooked up is that pee or water what is
that I don't think it's has to be pee
if you gotta use the restroom you gotta
go in the bathroom I'm not on the floor
all right guys so here's what we're
gonna do tonight we got 13 minutes until
our show comes on we were gonna get
here's a quick story
so King got his new BMX bikes as you
guys know if you watch the vlogs huh
Zeus got his new body for his big RC
truck so looking at BMX bikes for Kane
made me think hey I kind of want a new
BMX bike - so you're not even gonna
believe this there's a frog why not make
shoes on it so we're looking at new
bikes and you guys know there's hundreds
of bikes there's so many bikes that I
could have gotten but they happen to
make Kane's exact byte in my size I wish
so bad you could have seen Kane's face
when I showed him that I could get the
same bike he has so now we're gonna
match we're gonna match at the BMX park
aren't we
nice glasses dude you argue are you
trying to you try to tough-talking for a
hug don't somehow it's not that bad just
dragging it Zushi ready for the fourth
my man you ready to rock
he likes um I think it's a new look for
Zeus ah now you're talking now you got
it
hey I like how he has no care whatsoever
all he cares about is chewing on that
ball you want a fish tank for you guys
just a fish tank I want a tank there's a
little ritual in here yeah with house
dude you go eat yourself the guy you
good the reason I called today is I have
this friend Roman Affleck who's a
prankster yeah we know Rover my kids
love him
well I love them too and then he invaded
my home for the paper with a TV stand
for know it was their totem poles Oh
whoo
guys I can't even like we're watching
tank right who remembers vlogs long time
ago you guys could probably find them I
don't remember where they're at but it's
Brittany and I we literally just sit and
watch tank and we watched every episode
of tanked all the time there's a vlog of
you saying I want these guys in my house
I wonder if there is anyways dude I'm
like got a little bit of chills tonight
that I'm sitting here watching tank and
it's because we're on it it's a real man
I'm telling you guys it's crazy Kane's
trying to open my bike I know you
getting it with a fork
no wonder you had your back turn Chucky
turning around that music I don't know
what to say about this house right now
and Kane single-handedly open this but I
did not help him not even for one second
you did it with a fork and it back
chuckles this dude BMX father/son dude
how cool is it of a company to even make
a bike that matches I love it all right
gain the house is trashed but the bikes
are built we are ready to jam did I only
have one complaint about the entire bike
and that is not so much on mine but on
Kings by the seat I understand BMX bikes
you really don't use this seats but as a
kid we do use the seats we ended up
putting we had an old Hot Wheels bike we
ended up putting the seat on it because
it's so it sits like this so you can't
sit on it you just can't sit on it even
mine is pretty painful but you know it's
not really designed to sit on he's just
kind of learning how to stand up and
ride anyway so it's all good and a lot
of you guys said you need to put his
handlebars level with your Forks like I
ride but the bike isn't here too big so
they need to come back so that he can
reach but he's killing he's doing so
good on him so I'm so happy with it all
right buddy
hey you know how you tore all this open
now you get to put it all
I just you that's what's mommy doing you
baking that cake good night my man man I
love you buddy
nummy more no way there is no way you
could love me more
there's no way Oh guess what
what chicken boy hi I am gonna go get
all my work done
so we can wake up and ride bikes okay
say good night now that Cain's in bed
I'm gonna come out and surprise so he
knows I got him kegs he already seen
these he wants him on so bad ever
since I did that video where I'm hopping
on my back pegs that's all he wants to
learn how to do like it's all he talks
about with his bike so when he wakes up
in the morning he's gonna have pegs it
was so fun tonight to watch to watch
that show watch you guys live commentate
on Twitter just like step by step at the
shows just so fun and I are the best
viewers in the entire world
I truly believe on 100% that we have the
best viewers in the entire world you
guys are so incredible man I mean it's
it's it's next level I'll tell you what
man you have a serious commitment from
me and that is I will always try my
hardest to bring you up I will always
try to use my videos for good I will
never try to bring people down man I
can't stand bringing people down we
already have enough things to bring us
down I will always work to bring you up
man I'll always try to motivate you all
I will always try to bring you up that's
my goal man with all of this anyway Cain
is gonna wake up and do a backflip man
like that look look it looks so big on
that bike it's a suppor inch pay looks
like everybody passed out on me tonight
Britney's already in bed I am gonna edit
get this stuff wrapped up have a fresh
day tomorrow it's going to be a huge big
fun day I'm gonna try to attempt which I
have it done
a long time 360 on this new BMX bike so
see probably gonna get hurt but uh I
know you guys will be there laughs
either way thank you thank you thank you
guys for everything if you watch a show
thank you
either way I know you're here supporting
because you were watching the end of
this video I owe you guys so much and I
promise you I will always try to bring
you up man this is what it usually looks
like behind the camera when I'm on the
couch my gods is ghost he'll stare at it
for he'll stare at it until I throw it
he I think he thinks that the ball goes
by itself I don't know if he understands
if you like the new tank please smash
that thumbs up button and tell me in the
comments what you think of it man it's
just it's just a real man we will see
you tomorrow you're beautiful you are
one-of-a-kind
don't forget how important you are smile
more oh very nice I think we should keep
it for the summer I'm not dude I'm not
cleaning this up huh you did it
