hey guys today is my very last day with
all of these toilet paper tubes tomorrow
Scott - free is picking these all up to
be recycled and they are shipping them
out and I'm not gonna have them anymore
so it is my last day with all of these
tubes before they go they asked me
sceptic free asked me can you show your
viewers how many - how many toilet paper
tubes the state of Ohio the whole state
uses in just 30 seconds do you know how
many that is I asked them I didn't know
45 I'm serious
forty-five thousand tubes in 30 seconds
in just the state of Ohio it's just
great it's crazy to me I just can't get
over it you guys know me pretty well and
I'm always up for the challenge so yeah
I got my buddy Spence here we're
building a pullout back and we're gonna
fun how's the Pokemon it's getting there
you know normally on a nice hot summer
day like yes we'd fill this with water
right yeah typically that hot it out
here is my buddy Spence you may remember
Spence he actually has helped us out
with several videos the one where I
filled my house was snow he was here
helping with so many things when the
Dudesons was here he brought a bunch of
cool stuff for us this that snow blower
actually I guess a new one to add to our
list a swimming pool full of toilet
paper tubes who's ever nobody's done
that ever I don't think maybe maybe
somebody oh this is a good way to
remember Spence he's the one that caught
my jumper cables on fire all right man
if you're ready I'm ready
that's nothing yes we just go ahead we
just want to carry these yeah you got
all the muscles do don't go ready here's
the first box
oh boy this this is a take a la
minute
you ready have some fun every day for
this kid isn't so crazy are you gonna
jump off the deck you are alright I
think to speed things up a little bit
I'm gonna back the truck up we're gonna
haul them all out in the truck some of
them good you mean you don't want to
just individually take them out you know
I wanted to but I'm sore tomorrow
you need to grab a box carry the rest of
those out on my drive ease around you
right do some swimming oh my gosh
yeah every single box that we have you
got it whoo ah very nice I think we
should keep it for the summer I'm not
dude I'm not cleaning this up huh you
did it you helped that means you got to
help me
whoa huh what you gonna do
even Kayleigh there flip oh my gosh can
freakin drake's fortune
well now we're talking to ya
ready
you
do it for all the moms out there for it
you're representing Teen Mom that's
where you're gonna go from you got a
slip-and-fall right now ha ha ha
oh I do it all that was epic that's one
way to start your day right there
I'm so tired out naptime all seriousness
guys I got to give a serious shout-out
to Scott to free for letting me have so
much fun during this partnership to be
honest with you I'm gonna actually miss
having these things around now we've
done everything from Phil a Jeep I
filled the fridge we filled a whole pool
we've flown through a garage door with a
brand new BMW into these things we've
had a lot of fun so huge shout out huge
thank you to scout to free man I'm
really actually gonna miss this back I
got to show you what this is all about I
haven't done it on our entire part like
I don't know how many videos I've done
I've never showed you guys this so here
it is and this is cool and this is what
this is all about guys check it out you
know what this is came tube this toilet
paper dude I'm not kidding there's no
tubes that probably makes no sense to
you but we've always had tubes in our
toilet paper and then we unroll it and
then we throw the tube away this is it
right here Scott tube free that's what
I've been saying to free Scott to free
there's no more tubes it's awesome
removing the cardboard tube to make it
easy for people to make an impact man I
mean it is a big impact think about how
many of these tubes we put out there
it's crazy so they're shipping them off
they're recycling all the tubes and it
is goodbye for the tubes man it's been
fun except for when you put them in the
refrigerator wasn't fun I cleaned it
whatever I cleaned it up it was so you'd
have to do anything it's just funny as
always guys I'll put the links in the
description click on them check it out
you can learn more about the products
you can learn more about what they're
doing for the environment and you cannot
use a coupon on there for you to settle
on check it out you have to clean this
whole mess up
it's almost a shame the truck comes
tomorrow to pick all this up which means
the only reason I hate that is because I
have to clean it all now
dang that looks like so much fun
oh yeah yes you should come come join us
yeah try it off man look at all these -
we didn't put the liner in the pool so
we're lucky we'd have a leak Jewish
would've been all over the yard
I'm a mess forever to clean up pretty
much just kick my own butt man but now
we are ready Kane has been so patient
and it is here I promised him the
coolest bike ever we got it guys this is
a real BMX bike 16 inch for Kane so
let's do this we're gonna build Kane's
first BMX bike yesterday with Kings
first ramp and Rec and today's his first
bike sorry I am totally out of breath
that was like all of my exercise for a
month right there we're gonna need some
scissors some duct tape to hold the
handlebars on we got knee pads and elbow
pads for this little daredevil now you
know I've had these Allen wrenches for
months and I knew that one day just one
day I'd be able to open them up you got
a baby you got it yeah once you switch
me mm-hmm
there's no childproof baby there child
right it's so you really don't have to
put it together I mean no it's ready
like you don't have to hook the break up
or anything like that I'll sit look look
at that oh sweet you got you got rough
rice dude is it hard can you get it
he'll be able to do it you gotta grow
into this one this is this is gonna last
you a long time Kane yeah yep yep ah I
knew you could always have my handlebars
go
it flush with my Forks like that like
that but it used to be cool to have your
handlebars like that kids would ride
around like that but let's sit down
let's find out where you because this
might be a little you guys go into this
bike a little bit so you're probably too
far right how about like yeah is that
feel good why am I so excited I feel
like I'm the one getting the new bike
I'm so happy right now this is so fun
candy cane you got the new 360 seat dude
nobody's got that you've got a BMX bike
holy crap
let's go up put air in the tires they're
a little low from chipping oh my gosh
now gone we got space in our garage and
just less than a week you went from this
to this and you know what's cool you get
to grow into this bike dude as you get
bigger we can adjust the handlebars up
it's gonna be awesome
alright give it a whirl let's see it
your first ride there he goes he's gone
be back by dark he's got a free wheel
now so he only has his top brakes which
is pretty hard for him to push down so
he's used to just pushing down on the
pedals do you want it on air you want
your first sponsor I don't my sponsor
you boy this is your first sponsor you
get out there and you win I love it
well I'm pretty much exhausted today Oh
her and man coming to the house at 10
a.m. tomorrow to pick up all those tubes
which is gonna be connected a it's gonna
be crazy that is gonna wrap up today's
vlog I'm a little delirious right now I
feel a little delirious like I need I
need more water I need more of this I am
gonna get cracking on the edit this
video have a fresh start tomorrow and
and knows where tomorrow will take us
man I hope you guys had a great day hope
you guys enjoyed the little pool stunt
we did and we had a big like experiment
we wanted to do but we're gonna push it
to tomorrow we're just we're dead we're
exhausted I don't want to I don't want
to bring everyone down
with my tiredness I want to keep you
guys up lifted and inspired baby I love
you guys thanks for loving support we
will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile Oh go go go go ah
way to go dude it's your first bike
crash
