Oh
welcome to the vlogs guys we are
currently in Toronto Canada out and
about looking for something to eat we're
just getting our day started a little
later than I wanted to
and today's just weird already like
everybody wants to get tattoos today
like Pete hit me up this morning let's
get tattoos Matt said something about it
pussy is actually at the tattoo parlor
right now which I'm incredibly surprised
even Brit has an idea for a tattoo today
so I'm the only one that hasn't been
like let's go get a tattoo are you
getting one I don't know like it's not
really that big of a deal to me I have
lots of tattoos but I'm just surprised
foo sees like pussies on it like he's
there he didn't even wait or hesitate
like he's doing it as far as I know so
let's get this vlog started not really
sure how today is gonna end up but I can
tell you this it's absolutely beautiful
in Toronto it feels good to have a day
off here and we're just out and about so
let's go but we're definitely not in
Ohio anymore perfect thank you so much
alright start with a little food we've
not eaten today which is uh not that
smart you got to eat let's chat about
tattoos for a second first of all I know
a lot of people love tattoos a lot of
people have tattoos a lot of people are
completely against tattoos I truly
believe that tattoos are something that
you personally do for yourself
people always ask even if Lucy today
said what should I do here like what
should I do with this part and I just I
tell everybody to ask me that don't ask
anybody you want to tattoo you do it for
you
don't ask somebody what you should do
when it comes to a tattoo really get
what you want to give and that's what
makes your tattoo special never judge
somebody's tattoo because it means
something to them
so that's my take on tattoos so Brittany
has a tattoo that she wants to get today
and she still hasn't told me what it is
and it's kind of freaking me out a
little bit that you wouldn't tell me the
tattoo that you want to get this tattoo
is pretty big deal to have permanently
on you no I thought about it like 30
minutes like no nothing like three years
I've been wanting to do it and I just
feel like right now but you won't tell
me what it is I'm not a little nervous
about that you guys probably see it
before I've yet to see it okay do you
think you need to approve or something I
don't need to approve it I just usually
like when you don't know it's it could
be anything it can be a biggie picture
me with an X to his face big bird I mean
big big bird I don't I don't need to me
big bird oh he's moving right hope you
guys are having an awesome day I hope
you're feeling good I hope you're
staying positive I hope you guys were
able to just pounce on any negative
thoughts coming in your mind today turn
them into positive things and hope
you're feeling great now
I'm excited to have a day off all right
here we go this place is hoppin man all
filled up and ready to go
well I have totally underestimated how
busy Toronto is this place is jammin
like like a city see it sure is a city
baby
oh you okay
are you all right you okay for sure tell
me you're good you're going to jail that
is assault
Oh burn
you're harassing Holloway up the butcher
block you've been on his ass I tell you
at the last light I got you with the
last night
exactly thank you let's see the tag oh
yeah it's not you haven't even stopped
Oh were you you were serious
yeah text me is like I don't want to
start till you get death I didn't know
you were you won't believe what I just
captured on film what like watch this I
gotta show him oh whoa what happened
after that's fine everyone's funny
everybody was there to stop the guy that
hit him and everyone was fine but it's
just crazy that I have to film stuff
like since that is fake pt-r ones meetin
up mr. Ferraris what up mrs. so I gotta
go in there I just wanted to see you
before I do
all right it's a big piece all right
it's like it's a fighting it's not I
thought I was coming in to get
discovered
I'm getting a full half sleeve no way
you know this part the ditch is reaction
off you're done yeah awful you have that
consultation everything yeah he'd
already Julian up on the cross didn't
see me that was it yeah
oh that's a great all right we have just
entered the chat to shop and pussy is
somewhere back here thank you oh we
passed him yeah bring her to the right
where you going
I'm doing wash oh there he is there is
it's a big day for pussy man I can give
it up to them I think covering up
something that you regretted it's gonna
it's gonna country set something good or
it's a new start country set every time
I look down at this I remember that bad
memory bad time but now when I look down
at what I want to look down at me feel
good yeah wait so they will not do your
tattoo they refuse to do your tattoo are
you serious yeah I'm really bummed are
you gonna tell me what it is
no it's just the placement I want it
they won't do it okay
I don't even understand what's going on
right now Brittany I went up said I'm
here for a tattoo this is what I want
right that's what you did and they said
no I never heard that this is why we go
to the same guy every single time Mike
has done all my tattoos oh listen if I
had a sleeve they would do it but so you
have to have more tattoos you have to
graduate - that is some crap right there
I'm upset you were gonna surprise me
maybe it's not for the best it is for
the best
let's go to a different place hate
feeling dude Oh feeling good man oh I
want to show my beers but I'll save it
I'll save it I wanna look pretty sure
oh this is what he's working on that's a
big piece currently like six seven hours
you're here the rest of it BYE MOM
you know what I came to make you is
gonna be a tiny little miniature dollar
muffin but still look good dude listen
all right I'll come back to check on you
hey text me if you need anything I'll
bring it at it huh mr. Ferrari what are
you doing
check it out I don't even know I won't
film your cross no way
now I have to do it yeah are you gonna
no does it feel as guys I won't sleep
without so here's the thing pussy's
locked up they talking like 1:00 in the
morning he'll be done which is six seven
hours out yeah it's your town what
should we do yeah we just ain't though
we just ate oh man I'm so we can still
just hang out with you guys I'm down to
grab food yeah we'll still hang out
he's eating all our leftovers I knew and
we brought it you told me leftover is
like all right all right I'll do it
that's what you should get tattooed on
it let the leftovers just leftover fall
in this garbage can how does it feel
dude I am so behind oh it looks so nice
it's a pretty detailed it's good it
looks perfect
dang yeah swimming it wasn't enough to
wrap the Ferrari since mom where he just
got tattooed the smile more logo man
yeah alright guys we are gonna bounce it
I know this sounds really really boring
but I am desperately in need of tour
clothes just t-shirts pants I can never
find pants for sure so we're gonna run
over to quick that's your shirt I got
you got me a shirt where's that no
that's Brits where's your shirt lose
your shirt
there you go nice I got one shirt there
we go I'm not sure it up once you're not
once your black shirt you wanted them I
just want to see his face these are
yours but I don't know if you want to
carry them now I love these hey my tour
store right here you like this yo it's
your happy to dock look at well maybe
not
I hide long people is red oh my Uniqua
you ran across like downtown just so we
can meet Roman really how did you know I
was here our friend saw you right in
front of pervert 21 so we call she
called she ratted me out
yes you ratted you out hi guys thanks
man thank you
this Rako guys usually I run into like
an H&M you find shirts so she's like six
bucks sometimes 12 bucks sometimes 20
but this is like where I go when I'm on
tour man because it's so easy to kind of
like pitch a dirty shirt stained shirt
like Bo shirt sometimes sometimes when
your clothes sit in a suitcase they
start stinking no matter what so you
just kind of replace um six bucks a
shirt so this is where I'm at
I finally got clean underwear guys it's
been three weeks wearing the same pair
Under
don't you're the only one embarrassed
about that
well yeah thank you
sleep in the same bed with you yo Pete
what's the name of the small man this is
the in-center eating Center this is like
your eating stop but you buy stuff you
buy its massive yeah look look at this
small is massive he can give you Hey oh
I just missed Cain now I see a bike I
just miss my boy he would try to ride it
that's why all right we just got to the
craziest I got a flamin yawn with bacon
wrapped around it look at this twice
baked potato this is what is this Scouts
will make it scallops with bacon wrapped
around everyone got some bread we went
from talking about kids meal to this I
mean we all got more food and we can eat
these guys man thank you for everything
like these are the news that brought the
ferraris reference smile more and the
fam thank you guys for being out is
there anything you want to like shout
out plug oh you guys I'm trying to eat
but you like to shout on my friend Jaden
and my friend Zack my instagram is Sam
yeah what about you guys
Instagram grants alo so check it out
there's a lot of the Ferrari pictures
small mark
check it out the heck yeah you got
anything yeah it's going to get a
shout-out to my parents my friends back
home
give me a follow on Instagram espera 188
just want to thank Roman for everything
you've done
anyway just want to say hi to my
beautiful daughter
we are going to path with the sitter sit
back and enjoy it and I will put other
stuff in the description you guys go
check them out show them some love
making the blog so fun with the Ferraris
and the smiling to support so good to
have one giant family out there so know
what's the high mark I need a hug hug
hug I'll go home I need a hug I love
myself I've never felt safer you guys
are awesome we'll see you soon I hope
thanks for hanging out and of course
we'll see you soon for sure man I'm
gonna go out take your fairies now first
no stay away from my Ferraris Peter spin
you'll see well that's a night had a
good time that was fun it's like a long
time so much good company uh in Toronto
beautiful city had been a great time
definitely a good time we were there
three hours just getting food in took a
while but the food Chan tell me what
your tattoo was you not even tell me
it's a bronze I feel you didn't fail
they freaking rejected you I'm not happy
about it they rejected my tattoo - I
don't know what it is surprise yourself
I'm so anxious to hear about this are
you gonna do it I hope you'll love it
now it's like there's so much going up
to it like it's not a surprise anymore
it's the whoopee if you ever tell me
Britney Littleton we were attached to us
it was just the big feel is like here
something to surprise with oh wait wait
like a few weeks probably not still do
it though yeah how do percent a hundred
percent what is this freaking tattooing
obviously to find someone that will do
it I'm not getting my face tattooed guys
Wow no definitely not
I won't yeah that's not that would be a
surprise though I would be truly
surprised
what are you playing on me - mess you up
I'm not even I'm not even doing good
can't beat my score get out of my way
you get so mad when I try and like what
yeah I'm in the zone
you can't get in the zone everyone
online beats me oh no I mean sure I bet
I can so beat you not that you how much
you wanna bet
Oh what do you wanna bet first try no
first try 400 on how what do you want to
bet a KitKat bar you have a kit kat bar
whoever gets it gets to enjoy him oh
yeah us to uh to beat me online you guys
tweeted me all your photos most you guys
slaughtered me Brittany thinks she can
beat me right now I only got a 401 but
my best is like 618 so bring it bring it
past the hundred this is your legit
first time playing this level yeah
haha I can't wait to eat that KITT cart
bar right in your face right KITT cart
Rara they're not be 6:19 I'll just tell
you that right now
oh you see it's all it gets quick oh my
gosh oh my gosh you went for the present
and you got it why are you so good at
this you just be me you could've totally
sledder me I get too excited
six-two oh look I know you got gifts too
all right that cake at bar-ilan one oh
you ready easy oh maybe you better know
I'd really you try again let me try
again
oh yeah one more try alright while I eat
the cake out guys we're hanging out we
are uh we're we're back our night is
just about over Brittany just beat me on
my level let me see it destroyed you
with a new best that's blue stone alley
in case you guys want to try to
challenge us blue stone alley
send us your screenshots date you guys
are getting like in the thousands
they're sending me pictures on the
palace and I know a lot of them to
Google it because I made up I made you
guys send me pictures with your face
like this so some of them religious
someone who were maybe not so legit if
you guys want to play piano tiles 2 I
will leave the link in the description
for this video these guys are awesome
they are
it's one of our favorite games ever it's
just so much dude addicted though like
oh yes Kane is a little bit addicted to
this game like any time he's just in the
back like
so much challenge you guys again you
gotta beat Britney in this time it's not
that much more you got 74 I thought I
could do like a yeah right keep dreaming
dirt boy here's a common here's a rule
of thumb free vloggers out there don't
pick your problems right before you vlog
I I get I get in fights with myself in
the mirror I'm like I can fix that I can
fix that you only make it worse every
time you make it worse you don't fix it
inside me guys hope you had a wonderful
day our night is already over it's
already midnight ma'am we actually both
ended up not getting tattoos fousey
still at the tattoo parlor that's crazy
I remember doing eight-hour day sessions
on my on my sleeve and it took forever
so guys we are gonna leave with this uh
tell us about your tattoo stories or
your tattoo a lot of people have tattoos
a lot of you guys don't have tattoos
maybe you're too young navitat to do you
want a tattoo and if you do tell us what
it is
don't be embarrassed about a lot of
people are like I can't tell you mine
I'm sorry
in Brittany stores that told me her
tattoo which is kind of creeping me out
a little bit I'm creeped that way you
guys think it is what do you think
tattoo is I talked I'm trying to talk to
the guy that did all of your tattoos and
have him do it for a new come home
well guys I uh love you just in case you
are coming to our next few shows I gave
away my last smile more hat tonight I
gave it away my very last one more hat
so I have no more for the shows
Brittany's gonna try to mail me some but
I just don't see it happening by the
time we're at these shows so don't ask
for my hat I don't have any um less
things cuz I like I like doing one a
night I like doing that we love you guys
tell me about your tattoos we will see
you tomorrow you're absolutely beautiful
you were one of a kind don't forget it
don't forget important you are stay
strong stay positive and yeah we'll see
you tomorrow your beautiful smile Mon
it's like the 100 only I'm like here I
come you see it oh my god
what is
