hey guys I have to show you flash I just
grabbed the cameras under these blankets
hey mama
oh my goodness where you think you
love you David I look like flash yeah
you do
just like flash look at that little
monster oh you don't have a tail yet not
yet well oh yes I like it be very good
Jo she's good she's good at this flash I
am your father
welcome to the blog this is from we did
our second ever live stream today and
I'm Brittany painting me up basically
looks like flash was kind of a mystery
most people know what she was painting
could have been a panda ended up being
flash This Is It this is what did for
election and then I sprayed her with the
garden hose in return I got this baby
I'm on your team ready set go well you
have to come back you have to come back
you stand you have to stand no comeback
oh it's not even hitting you I watch
this crap off
how I washes off and you know me now
what do I use I don't want it to just
smear just regular soap come on baby
this is all the leftovers from our
camping trip yesterday if you watch
yesterday's vlog we can't our tents
still out there having toured down that
I don't know may leave it out there for
so let the kids move out stuff we'll
take it all off
seriously yeah oh it works really good
oh I'm gonna miss it needs a good job
thanks was definitely fun or footlong Oh
Philly oh yeah that's good that's a good
day I think you know are you there
yo what up you want to come watch my
band tonight huh
you want to come watch me before laughs
huh huh there's a chance I still have
makeup on my face yeah you got it in the
corner seriously yeah well you got what
you got what is that what is this it's
not a toy we have so many toys here take
that
hey big boy you just keep being good you
just keep being good you're no problem
you know you want attention huh
Oh your camera Hall we got a little
camera hog here are you serious uh-huh
why I lost my printed tickets so I came
to print more and it says we have been
notified that Christopher postponed date
no we were going tonight to see Chris
Tucker live like Chris Tucker from rush
hour and AH was so fun I've never seen
that happen
I know so I just got an email saying the
show is postponed it's not tonight
I'm serious
no joking we're all super bummed Jess
yeah the show's not gonna happen tonight
son of a gun we've been pumped all week
about this live show tonight and well I
mean something else to happen hopefully
everything's cool what I just shipped it
all our plan I don't stay in that now
stay in that you look nice yeah oh sorry
Zoo sorry buddy I'm sorry so our plans
our show got canceled so we're gonna I
guess we're just gonna go meet up for
dinner so it will still make a good
night out of it well have fun have a
good time good town great oldies look at
these two so kind of funny Dale and Jess
was taking their kids to our mom and
dad's house so they can babysit the kids
but now they're all downtown and our
show got canceled so they're gonna come
to dinner with us it's gonna be one
victim now we just don't work you
I feel bad they're hooking up being
again sure they would choose that going
to dinner right now but anyways we're
gonna go to dinner right now and then I
don't know man today's beer now hey why
don't we take advantage of this
opportunity go home and watch like 20
movies by literally we'll stay until
tomorrow watching movies we're so behind
in the movie world we haven't seen
movies for ever ever oh look how cute
look at the lovebirds singing in the
wind
you just want to touch my key you just
wanted to touch my keel so we all camp
last night you guys know how did you
sleep there because I don't know if I
even slept a minute with every leaf
every noise there was these beetles you
see the beetles I didn't see anything I
just heard one of them and I didn't know
if it was in the tent or out of ten
I just got between the fly yeah and the
netting I was just running at these bugs
around I had to do it outside the tent
so I just looked up Mike see shadows and
then I'd watch these useful around the
clinic
bringing out up around 6:00 a.m. and
ditched us which I'm surprised you made
it so sick I tried to take him then you
wouldn't go he's like no sleep in a tent
I'm like all right yeah yeah no daddy
you're the first person I've is Leeds
start
haha and a lighter ana lighter giveth
the liar
what's in there right wait you actually
thought I started it I your dad told me
you did with the cotton though I was
rubbing two sticks together and we got
it to smoke which blood castaways like
not smoke right but then my dad snuck a
lighter and lit it she actually believed
it told me he started it with the sticks
that kind of like wow it sure I told her
she bought a climbing sink I was just so
proud I know the beautiful night
beautiful night yeah where's my car that
you drove it where'd you park it Oh
follow me it wasn't me oh I thought for
saying why would we get pulled over and
then the car to school why what if he
stopped he is that what up dude we're
back that didn't take long did it
oh so you guys know I'm ridiculously out
of shape Brittany is always down here
crushing it so what you're doing on jump
rope yeah let's see it how many can you
do thousand like a minute
this is how you get in shape right here
it's all I have to do yeah yeah let that
like your socks buy the land order fall
now who remembers when Brittany got me
these shoes actually was I in LA because
out in LA go go
Tony the Tiger mm-hmm Chevy's shoes I
swear you shipped them in a box I was
out in my leg look this wants to smile
and this one says more you should have
got me shoes that said work out more can
you jump up on this what that's like
instant death let me see
you can hear my head I do need to get in
shape man how many you guys watching
right now I need to get in shape I'm
telling you I like everybody thinks cuz
I'm fella thinner person that I'm in
shape but it's totally opposite I am
sort of shape I will the trashcan down
to the end of the road I'm huffing ha
all right teach me show me what I need
to do to get in shape today I got I
don't want it to take 6 months I I don't
want it to take weeks or months I want
that be in shape today what is that mean
I can't do that man take today today
people that exercise are like by
laughing at us people that don't
exercise don't it's like me I don't know
what that is I have no idea what that is
do you go oh yeah ok I do not that is
that's it we do it side by side I'll do
one
push up chicken dough seriously I can't
I don't need any extra weight oh you're
gonna strap it in there just in case I
get crazy how much is a bit the extra
pounds no maybe like 15
this is pathetic
Oh J oh I did it
I'm ashamed are you gonna bad I need
oxygen
hey water I need ambulance good I am is
Om once I give you credit man I give you
guys are living at the gym when you do
exercise I give you credit you're
killing it definitely need to exercise
more so hard to get into that it's like
a habit thing I imagine exercising's
like I have it you have to get into the
habit of I'm exercising like nope I'm
exercising you want to do that nope I'm
exercise that's how it's got to be or
you'll never do it
you can't we just chase our C cars all
day isn't that a good way to workout huh
no he didn't
you guys are beautiful man you're one of
a kind item me in today's comments do
you work out be honest yes or no do you
exercise I know for me no a big no
Britney yes she does a lot she does a
lot of exercising Zeus probably yes he
could put yes in the comment section
tell me tell me what you guys do I love
you your beautiful smile more
