alright there's an open seat there's an
open seat I couldn't help but notice you
were getting up I was going to slide in
and just kind of finish up I was just
going to finish up here welcome to the
vlog guys welcome we are leaving the
beautiful San Antonio it is raining but
look at this look how beautiful this is
and you can take boats down this you got
this crazy Tower keep seeing elevators
going up and down Pablo you guys ready
oh you wrote me well know I know I know
housekeeping it's still dark in here
cozy wake up
are you not it's early in the morning oh
did you scream I didn't like throw there
was a hairball in there we were out of
San Antonio day headed to Chicago I got
I got to get better
I gotta get better figuring out how to
well that's one girl really yeah but
she's a bodybuilder if I go say hi to
her I'm sure she has a boyfriend who's
gonna beat me up
Pablo can I go say hi to that girl yeah
Pablo here here I'm gonna head her
you're gonna go say hi
all right now she's leaving look there's
people with her see she's like this is a
professional bodybuilder
Braman you missed your opportunity man
sure its price single ready to mingle
here we go here we go I don't never see
rain on Isis territory God it feels good
you know wow it's been a while it's my
first shower and a wash you know I'm not
going to back this dag on RC boat man I
got that thank you so much and double
another don't you single you can do it
ready what are you doing understand
right here you go honey oh my god you
care about the wait no no no go okay oh
we got this you gotta lean together
though so you pull it no it's like a
little bit we hit Oh aah
I got you I got you I did not you your
god oh my camera's broke oh hey cameras
broke oh I'm in a pink no more shirt -
and I have this lovely little fanny pack
kind of thing we are going and doing a
5k today but it's not just any 5k it's
you know I'll just show you when I get
there
it's kind of like I could show you can't
just tell you ok we are here oh you
can't see it very well very hot but we
are already in all of our look at all
the swag where take down we are the
smile more team we have to go register
and check in your home and then I'll
show you what we're doing there's one
little thing and there is the start this
is called an inflatable 5k I don't know
if I've ever run 3 miles total in one
set and I don't have a windscreen today
so bear with me guys
got my number looking Rubio got our
numbers on and our run time we saw like
I think an hour so it's pretty hot out
we're just gonna hang out until we're
ready to run but it looks really cool
just an inflatable 5k and then they're
just like a bunch obstacle so it's
really cool I feel like I'm just gonna
like go headfirst we're just waiting on
a race and hanging out on this big
inflatable house
we're getting in line right now for
first my first ever Saipan ever done so
wish me luck right now look at me did
you guys do the race yeah
did you finish yeah good job you got a
rock we're just watching this is normal
stretching
Oh
I hope I got that - I don't know I got
hit I think my camera hit my head your
neck I really hope it's not too windy um
but as you can tell there's no one
behind us
whoa that looks steep huh
Harry - Wow so we just hit two miles and
I'm ready to take a nap that was good
guys Brittany you HOT that thing okay
guys my hair looks like crazy I'm really
sweaty but this is second class one and
this is why I even signed up for this
ring so should be fun
come on guys don't wreck the place so
we're waiting in line a design for the
big green balls why fat we're doing it
landed with excellence
would I really get a medal for coming in
last
I made it guys I really didn't think I
would even finish but I did I got a
sweet headband cuz I'm really sweaty I
made it and I got a medal I'm proud of
myself so we just came out to grab
something to eat we're all starving and
look we're on TV our races on TV
good luck there's Oscar oh my god I love
you guys so much birthday
Chicago we made it we are here I feel
like I've been to Chicago a lot lately
what are you doing I'm getting to ride
it outside why outside like right
outside this alley alley
you are so rude you wouldn't let me do
that oh it would be this would be so fun
but they got to ruin the fun look they
put blockers in them imagine on the
booster board hitting those on introduce
you to deep-dish Chicago pizza that's
what we're here for
that's why we came he's happy I know
that's a deep-dish so where do we go um
Papa John's you go to Pizza Hut Domino's
Donatas get back on the plane
yeah but I'm kidding like you know a
spot yeah a real piano joint I'm not
about to tweet out like where's the mine
no one you know that's called Rita machi
Rijo machi he'll sounds like another
Mediterranean I know it sounds like a
prank where's the best deep-dish Chicago
pizza Lou Malnati's Oh Giordano's see
that is not what you said did told you
how did you believe I personally like
Lou Malnati's but a lot of people like
Giordano's too so we are in the
beautiful Chicago we're looking for the
best pizza deep-dish pizza and I'm just
really enjoying a little free time
three presses dot dot oh now I'm ready
to write on three now you're doing roll
and I'll follow you I'll call you go
yoga my own pace yeah
mastered a little faster okay last time
we did this we got lost our batteries
died it was a wreck not tonight we're
going to find the best pizza place we're
gonna eat it we're gonna get there safe
maybe what up see you what up man you
see it hey guys what up dudes what up
nice to meet you whoa this is pretty
cool
are you getting better dude you're
getting faster for sure you're getting
better
ha ha I love getting to see the city
yo how much to ride full-speed into this
mountain you guys know it's actually
pretty rare for us to be able to get
into the city and actually get to
venture around and see a little bit of
it for me I've been to Chicago a lot and
I never get to see the city I never go
out I never get to see things like this
and this and so I'm very fortunate right
now to just be out and about and see
this place it's beautiful - everything's
off ten ten ten ten ten ten ten ten time
time time time time time time time time
ground everything all right this is a
new one for me just a bunch of birds
hanging out with their own personal fire
I mean literally you can't get in
somebody actually has the nerves to just
take the laces off these shoes guys I'm
a bomb
you oughta got a GPS yeah where we going
what's up man what's up man how are you
doing good everybody be safe out there
man all right this is the Holi we've
been told by many many many people here
in Chicago that this is the place to go
where Dino's were Adena Bernie knows all
the lines incredibly long we have
ordered but you have to wait to be
seated all the seats are full definitely
a hot spot here in Chicago that's for
sure every seats cool oh my god these
are huge this is the small no these are
huge dude this is barbecue uh chicken
barbecue chicken
alright here's my take on the pizza the
pizza was unbelievable phenomenal I
didn't try the barbecue you think it
beats amazing a lot of amazing
you're ready to fall asleep hahahaha
what do you think man
he's still eating Rhea Maki always be a
doctor
so we are look we are looking for that
chrome beam we're looking for that that
chrome beam you know the famous bean
I've never seen it ever it's got to be
close
we're going down the road a whole like
bus stops gives fousey a shot it was
girls celebrating a bachelorette party
yellow no look at this reflective holy
crap you can't even see it what's up man
we've been waiting here she's warning
tonight in the morning why don't meet
you guys how'd you know we'd be here
you snatcher we kind of figured what you
tell me guess there isn't elegant like
the penis and we'll famous for homeroom
y'all I didn't see it cause it's like
camouflage basically a giant chrome
jelly bean but it looks amazing in the
lights
are you going side this thing what hey
this is so weird
whoa forget Pablo's head go looks weird
it looks like I'm looking straight it's
awesome
I love it I am truly enjoying this all
right guys I'm back in my room and I
actually ended my vlog I did this I did
the thing that I always do a talk to you
guys and say goodbye and I ended my vlog
and then foo see foo see pounds on my
door I open it his his camera in my face
and he's like I got two girls we're
gonna prank Pablo and I was like what
okay so basically I'm telling exactly
what the prank is I got two girls right
here hi ladies hi beautiful girls and
you know girls have been all over Pablo
this whole tour Italy out of nowhere
he's like I got two girls we're gonna
we're gonna put we're gonna put on in
Pablo's room we're gonna get Pablo out
of his room somehow he got Pablo's room
key and it's like this whole thing that
he did and he's like I need you I need
your help and I'm like what do you -
long story short I helped him I set up
the cameras were set up so bad Pablo
actually ended up finding my camera
which I thought I hid decent I'm
literally going to hide this camera in
here yeah when you think this or like
that we're becoming Pablo's room my
vlogs are on TV so here's a quick clip
of what we tried to do
oh my god
yeah the crazy currents bed it'll go
fine you work so hard and come to take
some stuff off Roman it was Roman no
Roman scammer
God it actually ended up being hilarious
in Pablo's reaction was so genuine and
just so funny his laugh everything it
was just so caught off guard he actually
said he thought he was in the wrong room
when he turned the corner so anyway guys
thank you so much for all the support
level on his channel man thank you give
it up for Brit for filming um she
actually has been vlogging but honestly
it just became like stressful to get her
footage I was just like don't even let's
just not even worry about it like I'll
do what I can so thank you guys big
shout out to Brittany first sending her
footage and it looked like so much fun
like I would have loved to do that
thank you guys for everything man we
will see you tomorrow you were beautiful
you are one of a kind smile more can I
go again
don't do that I got this I know what I
did wrong
come on Roman you got this oh hey Anna
stay in it
keep going now turn yeah you turn sanic
keep turning keep turning keep turning
Roman
