guys I uh I don't even know where to
start I really don't I pulled out my
camera I said I want to put an intro on
this video and I don't know where to
start we have passed 1000 uploads on
this channel today thank you guys from
the bottom of my heart there is no way
for me to express exactly how I feel
about this there's no way that I have
the words to tell you guys how grateful
and how thankful I am for you each and
every day thank you guys so much we put
together a fun little video for you I
hope you enjoy it here's to another
thousand vlogs
you
what's up guys I'm from Atwood look at
you
is that your cheese face it's my girl
Britt we've been together almost five
years
Suzu hey baby
but before these vlogs you guys thought
I was like some single crazy guy okay
live this crazy life hack you know you
find out when I'm not filming editing on
building blocks my livers are with kids
good job Kane all right guys you know
what time it is it is time to release
everyday vlogs we're gonna trap it
Oh
huh
three
be honest with me what do you think woo
I don't even know what to say man look
at this that right there that's like a
dream come true
America's Got Talent Roman Atwood has
talent I have a man pitkannan yeah sorry
boy baby young the back just rolled up
and zeros up
stop it what's up buddy when we would
have Roman soldiers yellow marbles
Lily you ready Freddy I like that FAT
FAT FAT all you try and do it Noah with
you on this is going to be the official
smile more store guys another sign right
here says it all for me like this is
like everything from start to finish
this this is like really important
hey you like my hair you like it says
Maya what my yeah you really love it
yeah g5 in 11 you were just this be here
is the little peanut happy birthday
baby suppose
I can't just grab this and pull this
together what's up Stephen oh my yeah
this Bella she's the toughest little
girl on the planet amazing thank you for
the invite
so after about a two-hour wait they
showed up how are you girls you guys are
the most amazing are you speechless we
got our flack from you cheese we're
hitting a hundred thousand subs on our
vlogs that is a massive number
a billion views million subscribers
tonight subscribe
so our movie ladies and gentlemen what
is that
awesome don't worry about what people
say don't worry about what they say
behind your back there's a reason
they're behind you just keep being you
your beautiful smile har-har-har-har or
set apart
Toby be thankful for me yeah
thankful for you
so you know I think you're my beautiful
this would have so much fun with him
this you're being very very patient
um honestly ah I've never done this on
camera but there's no one I'd rather
share my life and my memories with in
you guys
you guys are absolutely the reason I do
this and Wow
I am I truly love you guys man I will
always push you every day to become the
better versions of who you are today man
love your family love you bu we will see
you guys tomorrow thank you honestly for
all the support thank you for a thousand
videos and a million memories we will
see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
