you're set up you ready to go okay I got
a question I got a question for yourself
this is for everybody I'm gonna ask for
it first would you rather have $1,000 in
cash
$1,000 cat I could hand this to you it
would be you're not or would you rather
have $1,000 worth of scratch off lottery
tickets
I'm gonna take the cash just the
guarantee but there could be hundreds
thousands of dollars in here yeah could
be so you'd rather have just the
guarantee of a flat 1,000 then the
potential of hundreds of thousands of
dollars what we scratch off first okay
yeah let me I want to ask everybody
would you rather have $1,000 cash or
$1,000 worth of scratch off the scratch
off it could be all losers it could be
hundreds of thousands of dollars for
sure cash cash Veronica
what would you rather have just straight
cash hard cash or $1,000 with the
scratch offs and look just this one you
can win
fifteen thousand okay so you can all
right so we'll see how much we get in
these scratch offs Emily scratch our
money I go scratch scratch oh let's do
that we will skip over there my back
yeah cash for scratch-offs
I don't know you won't scratch offs I'll
do scratch jobs okay that's a lot
prescribe it's risk what it's risk and
reward that's my spot yeah there you go
okay guys welcome to today's video is
gonna be a little strange first of all
remember that tattoo video we just
didn't like I knew my burnt mirrors it's
like she won't first of all it's hard to
get off so it's probably just like
rubbed it too hard
to think I thought you run the cool spot
even bring my two things one we did this
way back when maybe in the summer of I
don't even remember when okay we done
this before and it was kind of a theory
of like is buying lottery worth it
because for the most part I've we've
never played in our lives the only time
I've ever played ever was to make that
video and today we're gonna do it again
also I've been trying to come up with
ideas to do that I can sit down and do
because my back is just so like I get
all hyper and I go out there and I
filming them like oh so we're trying to
do some sit down things over the last
couple days and here we go so here's the
theory guys and I've always had this
mindset my dad taught me young he said
you can you can earn a million dollars
before you could win a million dollars
now there's a lot of luck out there
people randomly win a ton of money but
for the most part there's a lot of
losers like there's a lot of people that
lose a lot of money so that being said
let's see if one thousand dollars let's
see if we can get our one thousand
dollars back like yeah we need to
break-even that's the goal yeah if you
win more that's that's the one but
there's a lot of chances here look at
this okay so I guess the first thing we
got to do is just start scratching so we
have all of these tickets they're all
different they're from different they're
also purchased at different places some
are twenty these are ten we went with
some bigger ones so they don't take this
long like this is $30 a ticket play this
$30 for one of these now for me the
lottery is two things one is like if you
play because you you thoroughly enjoy it
and it's fun and you don't mind like if
I was gonna buy a $30 ticket I would
have to go in there with the mindset
that I'm losing $30 but I'm playing but
the game is costing me $30 basically is
how I would do it even I've never heard
of someone winning a billion dollars
first of all there we go maybe we're
just completely amateur
lottery players scratch off players Bob
I mean the line things like you have to
read and see like what well these ones
are easy you scratch all those and you
scratch all those did you scratch them
also yeah let's just do one here we'll
do one together then we can we can speed
up the process from there yeah so these
are your we're winning numbers you
scratch them and then you try to match
them scratch and imagine it's hot hot
symbol and you in all 25 prizes shown
okay let's see that gold Charlie right
now before you've seen if we've lost the
bunch or we won what would you take the
thousand cash for the stack a lot of
tickets like there's a lot of risk here
you could end up with a $300 you can end
up with 10,000 you can into a billion
dollar survey let's start someone win
the price in automatic no I already have
$5 ticket you're not even even yeah take
anymore you need more Oh was that my
numbers are too complicated if any one
or more of your numbers match any of the
winning numbers you win the prize shown
vacuum so I've already won $2 Oh big
money rolling yeah they're gonna let you
win on the first numbers 31 I got
another five I broke even on my first
round
okay so long each card so this is kind
of an experiment to five million five
bill you guys do with the honestly a
buddy no even do it that baby $90 ah are
you serious of the first card 110 110
off the first are yeah okay so so that
card was $20
she won a hundred and ten dollars well
just so you know I am I haven't won a
single thing off this $30 card so that's
gonna put us way down so you match one
of the numbers I didn't match a single
number no it's a dud you don't have any
of the numbers there's not a single
match
thank you there whatever so that puts us
30 under that's a $30 card that's goes
into the check again loser pile zero on
that oh that's - that's 30 and 20 that's
50 in the hole on two cards - cards that
win anything so right now that one card
is the only thing holding us above water
passive now all right
another $30 card with zero payout
another loser yeah okay so that's a
sixty seventy eighty ninety a hundred
bucks we're only up $10 now on oh oh
yeah because that one cost 20s were
negative ten already oh it's a little um
it's a little bit kind of hard to film
like all of this but we have a lot
looser cards I just scratched my first
one that actually has a payout because
the cards $30 and I won 20 40 60 goes 5
bucks 20 on 5 okay all right we're
slowly creeping up that ladder that's
their case we're gonna get this mug back
scratch and scratch in church and
stretch in scratch I mean it's good it's
kind of like fidgety you know cigars
okay so right now we have we're at we've
been scratching like maniacs in here we
have spent off six hundred and five
dollars and we have won four hundred and
forty that's not terrible it's still
lost but we stuck all these all these
tickets so we're gonna be floating right
around that that yeah right
crap 5 10 15 20 hmm
what's a 6 2500 yeah just keep
scratching oh yeah just keep scratching
just nothing effort no try again
Oh 10 bucks 10 bucks we're coming back
baby how the card was 10 bucks no profit
and we need one more
we need one more for bean to 21 25 49
exhaust one two three four five six
seven eight dollars so far is a dollar
every single winner every time
one dollar oh my god at that rate baby
at a dollar at a time we're gonna be
back I'm gonna be back on top so I have
so many loser cards they can't I only
scratch the number and then if I see the
number then you scratch what you want
I'm not winning someone who can scratch
although imagine just stretching every
time I get a number and then scratch
below it's like three dollars bottle
there's some you skirts like five
hundred thousand dollars like 15 bucks
on pause that's profit baby
flash flash we should called you scratch
mister he's so into everything we're
doing but he there's no idea why we do
it
oh that's what do you want this is all
about the serves amber a thousand
dollars cash or a thousand dollars with
a lot of tickets which one you want I
said lottery tech you going lotto well
team lotto it might be in the hole baby
Britney's got a scratch on this Oh minds
like there's more on the back okay girl
look at this table we're in the floor oh
ma look at my fingers I got that I got
that work work fingers is 49
yeah it's 30 uh 32 on this side and 17
on that side Oh
pull it out sixteen sixty mom that's
what rush okay hey we stretched all up
guys I feel pretty defeated I'm not a
lot I feel like I knew exactly coming
into this game that I was gonna well
that's a 12 hey these are no good we
want to refund
Britney's doing the math she's adding up
the winnings we already know that total
we have a thousand dollars
out so let's see what's gonna come back
in not looking good I mean it's actually
it's really bad really bad this one we
did this a while back we did this
experiment of fun actually like it win
or lose it's kind of fun I get it I'm
not one to die like making my money make
more money this is kind of what went
opposite of my 676 just 60 60 70 % 67%
yeah um we did this last time when we
end up with six hundred and something
Wow
oh so I guess if you want to lose 40% of
your money
throw it in the scratch-off lottery
tickets you know I wonder how okay so we
played a thousand we played a thousand
we got six no no we got six on I wonder
how many times you got a play before you
get that one card that one card and
that's what the things all about that's
the addiction right because you think
you're gonna get that was the whole roll
of something like that doesn't mean you
wait is that rawest every stage oh I'm
the same like so you yeah I wonder how
much you actually the winnings is out of
the whole brain out of the whole roll
there it is I'm like I'm gonna keep my
theory you gonna make a million before
you win a million bran no it's the heart
about it's the hard round
I know it's hard so what was this all
about what was this all about is fun
right we lost money but you lose money
doing all kinds of things right
foolish thing knowing you ain't gonna
win no and you're not gonna win okay
it would just be yeah you want that one
yeah like a $500 winner would at least
be like you spent a thousand yet BAM you
got something but now that's the game
that's the game this is genius for those
that create it those that play it
there's a lot of risk you want all these
big time he had to take it's all out
first day yeah well I think oh yeah it
went much now you got to buy me stakes
so if we want it was stakes we lost so
it's it's subs yo I just want you to
know if you pick lottery tickets
you'd end up with six hundred and sixty
bucks
660 sure took the cash I take the cash
bubbles took the cash you may lose box
maman maman do it yeah okay so that's
our video for today guys super quick
little IIIi don't think it's a challenge
video it's like how do you lose a
thousand bucks fastest challenge I think
it's really weird we did this before and
we ended up with almost the exact same
dollar figure like the exact same dollar
like that is sounds pretty because I
dropped some on my pants and now he's
trying to shorten sweet free today guys
uh all we have time for it we love you
thanks for the support thanks for
supporting share your smile yesterday I
had a lot of fun with that sharing you
guys's pictures favoriting them and dot
those great and I'm hoping by tomorrow
my back does feel a lot better today
it's only one I like move wrong so like
I feel okay and then that's when I get
like cocky and I jump and I'm like uh so
but it's better like it's so much better
so hopefully we get back to normal and
oh we have I'm talking to them we'll see
you tomorrow guys I stink i stink any
deodorant we'll see you tomorrow guys
you beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
you
