do it just get up just get up get up get
up get up
some days I swear you got to drag your
body physically by force out of bed do
it get up start your day it's tough some
days man some days that don't matter
exciting your days it doesn't matter how
much sleep you got it's hard to get up
some days let's start this vlog - our
life has officially begun guys let me
show you what's going on in let me show
you what my typical day looks like first
of all I sleep on Britney side of the
bed this is where Britney would normally
sleep I know I know this is what my
hotel bed always looks like all my crap
being charged all the time and I never
take it off the bed like that's where I
sleep there and this is all there all
night my little box fan that I can't
live without amazing today's up today's
the first day of our first show on this
leg of the tour like this is the first
where's a tab today we're in Houston
Texas it's our first show on the second
I guess it would be called our third leg
of the tour we call them legs so a
chumpy take a break that's a new leg I
don't I don't let me started that but so
yeah guys we are in the beautiful
Houston Texas manage guys gotta be hot
out I finished editing last night's vlog
at 5 a.m.
not like finished editing that's when I
hit upload like I uploaded the vlog
privately and a 5 a.m. saw a little
dragon this morning bear with me I got
fou C's charger for my booster board
huge shout-out to him Brittany has next
day Aaron my charger that will land in
Dallas tomorrow so I'll be all set on
yeah yeah hi can i order the grilled
ribeye do you hit um medium well
I'm sure time
music we want to know a really good
trick I do this on twirl what is it I do
this in hotels a lot of you don't have
an iron hang your shirt up while you
take a shower and the steam will just
rot it'll take the wrinkles out do you
have any idea how long shampoo last now
like forever like a bottle will last
forever my entire life probably oh my -
two things you always need guys sleep
and food I didn't get one of those
things today
I'm definitely getting food and oh no
what are you yeah dude yeah do you know
this is pinky in the brain what's going
on dude he's ready for each town tonight
you ready so sup dude you ready or what
recio's oh I already know text I know
texted a big I bet there will be in our
top shows all the whole tour
100% they'll do it big it's gonna be one
of those seat nights oh boo hear me yo
remember when you're on stage should I
do this h-town
h-town h-town yo I just literally
blocked myself on my room right now
coming to foo sees I locked myself
responsible
I'm terrible did I de Barros do I forgot
you guys remember yesterday I forgot all
my stuff I had to borrow his deodorant
today hmm
losing my mind baby I'm excited for
tonight man I'm really really excited
it's extremely rare for us to have a
hotel that were actually at for 24 hours
has that happen
are you guys going from first already on
a stick and move stick and move that's
pretty much what I feel like we're in
and out hey could you open the microwave
we hate we're gonna get pulled over
getting into our own videos the country
open the bike rack all right make it
right the God doesn't know it is the
room because it's mama but I'm not gonna
be a hundred I'ma be honest I've already
said this Texas is going to be wild
before we get into the show tonight I
just want to give a huge thank you guys
for always being so supportive and being
here especially on the tour vlogs there
are a lot different than me being at
home and blowing stuff up and smashing
stuff and playing with the kids thank
you so much for being here let's get
this started we're about to hit the
venue fuzzy yeah I love your hat thank
you ladies bright thank you you ready
holy moly
what is this whoa this is the venue this
is awesome
what up guys this is awesome I'm gonna
let y'all find a pussy tombs got the
best videos of all time let me just say
how thankful I am to be looking at this
venue right here completely sold out and
packed what a beautiful place
did you ever think that this is possible
ever yeah really yeah I believe my whole
life of course but like I don't know
like I've always had some believed that
this would happen I used to have many
many many dreams of performing upon
stage many dreams but they never made
any sense cuz I don't play an instrument
so why would I ever be on stage that's a
lot of attraction though you believed in
it and now now I'm standing up on stage
at a sold-out show in Houston Texas
buta this place is huge all right guys
we're gonna knock this sound check out
real fast Oh God
what's going on here young bald
I'm literally bald a little hair it's
the lighting oh yeah that's it's the
lighting
smile more Jeff Jeff Jeff whoa hello
what is ready what do we got going on
here what is this so see you there
oh that's beer I don't want beer I don't
fear oh yes yeah I saw the banana nose
the new one we've never had a what's
this call a bit it's not gonna bite you
dude we cook our own sandwiches
is that all you do yeah then you should
see the cheese Mountain pretty much just
sitting here eating a little bit of food
snacking drinking some water and we're
about to do the eatery that's where I'm
at right now moving of them or spinning
uh how more or something's that you
don't mean like I can show me real thing
can you show me not quick it not not not
enough time for you to me good okay all
right yo just do whatever you want we'll
just make it fun whatever you want wipe
them tears girl she says she's used to
seeing me on her phone every day when I
guess it yourself on the phone tomorrow
thank you so much you're not shut up
yeah go fuck my cousin kiddo
let me see this let me see this you made
this just for me
yeah Melissa Cooper awesome there cannot
wear on stage tonight
I'm not wear this tonight whoo Houston
Texas version do you want buy it off me
I don't know uh 150 cheers 150 I I got
kids to feed
I got kids fire water the water like
forty seven dollars no this ain't for
sale oh man this is mine I love it - you
brought me a ukulele so I gotta learn
how to play it out rock and write NES
except the drums thank you so where's it
from
oh you sure you want to give me this oh
thank you so much
my dad and my because they made this Oh
family first hmm here we go we're at
right here all right I just ruined your
shoes for life cannot be on the Block
come here let me see this what is this
what are you hold in here my mom wore
blush boss I love it we personalities in
it yeah of course this girl just taught
me what dummy I did not know what dummy
didn't teach you a dummy I thought you
were done but she brought it up
therefore I feel we don't want to do
this pussy you don't want to do this
Luzi all right so Deb is $20 because if
you don't know another $20 wait how did
you guys make that you just printed it
you saw my girlfriend man ah
I don't saw this bootleg cuz they made
this I know yeah let me get an 11 you
know I can make a charge my girlfriend
Kaitlin hey guy love you come on work
nice shirts very nice shirt all right
they ask to be in the vlog which you got
your shin this is awesome oh my gosh I
love this your whole family on it this
is beautiful there's a note on the back
what we you can read it I will
definitely read it thinking girls so
much Andre and you made these this is
amazing thank you hey yo who said all
its awesomely the Fletcher yes
Fletcher took and sowed two shirts down
the middle and mate let me see the back
that's creative right there ah alright
alright we just jump past and relay this
place dude I love this place this is so
fun here's our new kicks we gave him out
the last shot oh I hope that was in my
vlog no at the end of our last show on
our last run okay pussy decided give our
shoes away on stage we literally took
our shoes off we get one
so we're hanging out backstage we are
lately at least these shoes up they're
brand new and the level of excitement
right now it's just almost too much to
handle like I don't even know like like
it's just it's just it's just it's just
too it's just too exciting guys I tell
you like like the Tor blogs are the
hardest vlogs for me because I know a
ton of you guys just want me to film
everything like just film your life but
there's something about that that I
can't figure out like that is my lack of
vlogging like that is where I'm not like
I'm better off like having a project and
showing you guys that project not just
like I'm sitting backstage lacing up my
shoes like I'm not that good at it so
bear with me I'm practicing I I do want
to I do want to bring you guys into more
of my intimate life like what am i doing
all the time but uh just not that good
at it so bear with me
where's the camera
there's the camera where's the camera
I should break this I should break this
right now oh man oh I got a nice aw I've
been home for almost two weeks what's
the first line in the show we're 20
minutes from Showtime and both of us are
like do you remember the show
yeah I'm really forgetting pieces yeah I
forgot pieces we're gonna have to help
each other out yeah it'll be fun yeah a
fun thing about our show is there is a
it's a scripted show but a lot of it is
just playing around improvise so as long
as we stay on time we're fine we just
goof on it's not really improvised I
mean we improvise bit into it when yeah
yeah yeah I must say this right now from
see I am so thankful to have you on this
tour because one real reason is because
each night we go separate ways he goes
on one side of stage and I go on the
other and that at that moment I'm so
thankful I have fousey walking out with
me because I can't imagine going out as
a solo entertainer so thanks for being
as I got really really I don't know if I
could do it by myself like I feel good
how does it look at you from across and
I'm like Bono we always look at each
other like got you it is Showtime
ray go have some fun I'm gonna be honest
there's something about tonight's energy
that is bigger and stronger than normal
man I feel like my heart's about to jump
out of my chest
my my arms are tingling I mean they're
having a heart attack
I'm really excited I'm so excited
Houston Texas
this is the risky it always says I'm
gonna score
here we go make some noise use them
Houston I'm just going to say it now
thank you from the bottom of my heart
when the functions we've ever done and I
knew at a time that your energy was
going to be through the roof and it was
so high it is incredible it's say next
up Dallas tonight we drive to Dallas we
will be in Dallas tomorrow I'm ready man
Texas is so fun usually we stick around
and wake the crowd out a little bit
tonight we're not waiting we're actually
going to head straight out into our bus
we have to get to Dallas tonight which
is awesome here's some fun posters that
people have brought in to the shows
don't forget to smile more good morning
to the best family but here's a picture
I have never seen somebody bring look
that's me that's me right there you guys
always bring awesome artwork and this is
like a fraction of it we got tubs and
tubs of it just like that the place is
clearing out so fast okay you ready
ready we do it let's go let's go let's
go there we go guys
that's a laugh
Oh
Oh
oh my you know Texas oh how you doing
it's like a hundred thousand degrees
look at this bus how gives the airfield
how good is that airfield wall this is
the nicest boss we got a new boss guys
DJ and I are going on a secret mission
we've heard there's gonna be like a
police shoot out down the street what
does that even mean
they're like testing the testam for the
Superbowl
basically if basically there was a crazy
shooter at the Superbowl they are
preparing for it right now maybe I'll
catch it on camera which I would be
really surprised if we do oh my gosh
dude we just found the most crazy path
to get to the roof of this place Oh
we go see you oh my yeah this is awesome
vitamin-a hot we just made it up onto
the roof dude
whoa we got word that there was going to
be some kind of crazy police thing
happening down here and it is crazy
there's cops everywhere there is a guy
with a gun like it is legit crazy I
gotta try to film it for you i ice gun
shots
are you kidding me you guys hear that
you're what uh you see that holy crap in
oh that's it's like oh my god no way
my alignment that's pretty wild did
that's that's that's nuts
look at this up here yo never locked
security here at the venue said they're
running like imagine if there was a
shooter at the Super Bowl they're
running tests to see how quickly they
could stop a potential shooter we're off
to Dallas right now I can't wait to see
you Dallas thank you guys for hanging
out tell me in the comments today one to
ten one to ten what do you think of the
tour blogs like be honest I I know that
they're not me at home like with the
family and the kids and the dogs and the
house blowing it up and having fun but
we're on tour and this is my life on
tour so give me a one to ten rating in
the comments I love you guys so much you
will see you tomorrow in Dallas you're
beautiful
don't security while I was gone till you
got him to me yes she took care of me
man everything's been great you bust a
couple people up okay I love you so much
literally I love you so much I will be
thinking about you too much you are
