oh hey baby hey guys welcome to the vlog
we are getting a very late start we had
done our first ever most you guys
already know our first ever live stream
it was incredibly fun Britney ate it so
hard you have any marks let me see your
honor
oh let me see Oh your arms like bumped
out how's it look at this line and I
like my feet huh so we can actually show
you what happened to Britney I thought
it was a good idea to during the live
stream it's not like vlogging I can't
cut I can't fix mistakes I can't edit so
it's raw so I who's calling me here we
go this is really weird if you watch the
live stream because it's like everything
we were doing was cut off and now you
have to wait a day to watch the rest
it's so weird so one second hang on I'm
gonna get these on a little chef today
here we go that smells so good so this
is this is from our live stream I
thought it was a good idea to get a
skateboard out and try to read the
treadmill hang on let me focus alright
oh not too bad
wait what about the one I wrote on you
should try to do the skateboard do the
skateboard
I'm totally setting her up look she's
gonna eat it dude you can use the rails
yuria look okay look at your puppy came
right up for help so that is from our
livestream which we had guys it was my
first live stream ever if you watched it
thank you so much it was so much fun I
know for a fact we're going to do a lot
more of those if you want to watch a
live stream you can go to my life dummy
account live me account and and watch it
was fun it's raw it's a raw you guys
always ask for raw vlogs it's uncut it
was an hour and 24 minutes of Britney
and I just going raw so if you want to
join in on the live stream
join me on live dummy it was a lot of
fun I definitely enjoyed it Britney got
tore up hey need some Advil
they might have to sew that back on put
a new arm pluck so let's get this flux
soda actually ended the livestream with
if I don't get off here I'm not gonna
have a vlog so here we go we are
vlogging now and it's actually kind of
got me in the mood to just raw vlog like
after holding my phone for an hour and
almost a half it was like no cutting
yeah that's like the rawest vlog you can
get so I showed the stream this but I
showed you guys I bought a drone I got a
drone and I've been nervous to fly it
and it's gonna happen I'm gonna do
something fun probably I hook a rig of
hot dogs to it and go out and fly it
with Zeus but this is how I was
live-streaming all day the drone
controller remote holds the phone so
perfect that I was streaming the whole
time like this that's nice and straight
I just see you in here doing your thing
doesn't look like you're really what
what is it it's to war I just wanted you
talked about it I just don't know I'm
eating every one of those right now that
is not making it to Father's Day what's
your father Wow
that's right I kind of forget about that
when it's like Father's Day I think of
my dad your dad I don't even think of
myself that's crazy
I know that's weird I never think about
that no you know what we need to do and
I think we should keep this going from
the strain today is a stunt another stop
the treadmill was fun I had fun time I
had it great the epic nap challenge who
can sleep the longest while holding your
breath all I'm saying is you have never
jumped off the balcony
it's really fun look at these two it's
my ball no it's my ball oh you brave
soul taking Zeus's ball I know this
you're being the bigger man just walk
away take the bone there you go that's a
good trade I will jump first but you
have to jump it's a good deal and I'll
do something return I have to do
something you have to do something
that's my challenge to you today jump
the balcony who doesn't want to see it I
want to see it huh anything you have to
do it right after you jump not anything
you can't set me on fire now that's your
dream you just like that let's do it
just like that
what do you want to go just on the couch
like I did with the parachute or you
want me a wheel this uh loveSac over
soon as you love sack like over here I'm
just gonna say the couch has been tested
and works I've never jumped onto the
sack
not in her it was good it's solid it's a
zoo over here guys is it is a is a
petting zoo bar it's like 9 seconds to
air time you already know or no no you
don't have a challenge you're gonna wait
for like a week and be like remember
that time I jumped off now I want you to
are you going up now you know you want
me to do it why are you being so brave
we're one little trip
one little treadmill stunt now you're a
stunt woman yeah we're walking up to the
jump scene this is where it all happens
people just two golfers downstairs
fighting over a golf ball oh my god you
see what it looks like
oh it's tall I thought this was gonna
take me like an hour of convincing
you're just leaping right over oh man
you might be braver than me it took me a
while oh my gosh oh my gosh baby be
careful
we played true story we played hide and
go seek in the dark one night the whole
house was pitch black and you could you
have a flashlight you had to just crawl
around look for people that was my
hiding spot I went over the rail yeah
and I hung there I got found those weird
part come on come on you guys don't need
to be in the guest room
don't you go out doubt that though I
don't know this is worth what we can get
away from me I'm not gonna push you are
you crazy
I know it's what I have you do you
already know what you're gonna have me
do dude I've done you know it's safe
I've done this under the couch
yeah shoot oh come on we all know that
parachute was terrible terrace you okay
I'm gonna go down and you're gonna jump
or you'll end up from here you want me
to foam from here are you really gonna
jump I
think you're gonna actually jump easy
sub gross hmm all right you ready for
the jump are you ready for the jump
let's do this I'm gonna be really proud
of you if you do this I'm filming ready
when you are
what do you can't handful honey that
looks like you're gonna land bad ready
your all please you're already down like
God though Woody's oh my gosh oh come
come can he rescue oh he's probably
pooping on you right now it's the only
reason you got a bear you got a read
y'all know your leg was almost on the
couch by the time you fell you know what
you didn't even jump you fell from it
Suze tell her that was a robbery if I
fall off the federal tonight and I'm
item jump you got to redo it no you got
to read it you know what oh my god I
wasn't even filming you got to redo it
you karaoke nobody wants to even see
that country carrying country it's to
try and sing I'm never doing challenge
bet thing ever again all things that you
can ask me to do she challenges me to
not only karaoke which I suck at but to
sing a country song I listen to just
about any type of music like I like all
music I'm I'm up for just about anything
but there's something about the new
country and I know I'm gonna like step
on a million toes here people love it
nothing against it I just can't get into
the new country the words are just
ready I know you'll know so this is what
I'm doing yep
ready oh don't let your babies grow up
to be hey I'm gonna tell them make
darzee
and the Niners
I got this not big baby
matter did you a song here so she's she
only jumped half I shall have you half I
already did it I already did the
challenge know who just have hundreds of
hundreds of hits laying around karaoke
style
we don't even sing area hooky ever ever
it's the first time I ever used this
machine personally I thought it is fun
but already bad at it the first one oh
hey baby
I think the outward family
karaoke challenge has to happen let me
know in the comments or me everybody dad
mom brother hey penny you're not gonna
tell me what song it is you'll know boy
girl boy hi Barbie
do you want to go for a ride jump in
life is your creation oh let's go party
can it be kill me we've lost it no more
no more everyone's gonna leave this your
we can get that song down and then like
the walk into a karaoke bar like dressed
as Barbie and Ken oh I'd be funny like a
be good who wants to see that I know I
don't
we're leaving yeah we're leaving we're
gonna go get King yeah
and then we gotta come back here to drop
the puppy off and then go to your
brother's justice making soft boys you
had me at hello you thinking it up her
though hey look here's this you want me
help you here yep
climb up er I'm up here yeah Johnny's
big tree take the steps old I think we
have to definitely he used it for sure
so we were going over to Britney's mom's
house that's where Kane is he's been
there hanging out and we've got this
might as well be Noah and this mom's
will became because we don't see our
kids all summer there's play and hanging
out with everybody
see we're headed over the right now and
actually her mom got a floppy as well
which is crazy she got up she got a
little German Shepherd like Zeus girl oh
girl oh boy
so we decided Britt I think actually
Brittany decided that we were going to
bring our dogs
I said yeah I was like doing to go by my
it's just right by the door I was like
well let's leave without Zeus no that's
cuz her mom's dog beau is this his best
buddy like they grew up together so I'm
gonna go see beau yeah Reza who is a
zhuzhing buddy
Oh what cuz I don't get it
hi beau oh this is how's my boy I missed
you so much today
Brittany's mom's pretty much got a dog
park over here I can't even believe it
yeah you guys can be able to share back
here let's go next up we're going over
to my brother's to watch tonight's UFC
fights I'm not even sure who's fighting
to you I don't even know Dale just was
like you want to do you I've seen on my
yeah let's do it
it's right over there you ready play
with the balls yeah baseball stuff what
movie what movies are from you see the
deer cane boom purse dropping the dogs
off the other half of the fam all right
sirs you gotta start down here it's a
big dog get out of this truck man you
should see Matt hurt you just lead out
come on we gotta get out easily right
away got this extra mattress again they
just randomly have an extra mattress
look at Zeus to jump off the roof come
on this is our first sign that Zeus is
getting older
this is terrible he doesn't want to come
out we can take this one step further
one step further I'm on my build a whole
stair set for him hey you guys this look
I made your staircase here we go
maybe you just doesn't want us to leave
good boy good boy man maybe it really
had to do no you give him a wheelchair
hmm
burning out okay hey cane we got you a
new bed
yeah dude check it out you're my new bag
you like it so we're gonna go over to my
brother's a little bit we're going to
build in design somewhere is blessed as
possible for the puppy to stay if we
leave them alone in this house he's
gonna poop everywhere so they gave us
this thing so you good you good I'd I'll
see you in the morning come on are you
gonna put the little drop in there it's
already got a hole in it they actually
gave us this crepe for him to sleep in
we have not used it yet he's been
sleeping out here on the floors and our
room on the floor and tonight we're
leaving for like two hours so he's gonna
hang out here I think he's fine you
don't seem to mind when you step on
someone's shoe on the back of it and the
back comes off it's called a flat tire
you shouldn't know that
all right we've warped over to my
brother's house nice boots girl you
won't go clean up that hog dung because
I sing country today in it got you in
the mood I am true Angelus to this
little party pad you got going on here
boys you gonna join in you got a hold on
the new doggy the repeaters yeah yeah
holiday no this don't look like UFC bro
you tricked me me you tricked me
yeah way how you shoot up your laptop
with the fire I got this chip you bite
me over for UFC and it's nascar trucks
box for you got it this country music's
just changing me baby lead look it says
UFC fight right here I'm just kidding
328 you have smarter hair oh there you
go I'm a magician well that's cool guys
once again we did not in last night's
vlogging I'm kind of actually how did
you sleep last night buddy you sleep
good in there god I'm actually glad that
we didn't in last night's vlog because I
can actually come on here and say Happy
Father's Day it is Father's Day it feels
good I don't know it's about to happen
we're gonna start tomorrow's vlogging
exactly where this one is ending and
that is pretty much getting ready for
Father's Day here look at this thing
look at this thing yeah thank you guys
so much for hanging out with us today in
this vlog we will see you tomorrow you
are beautiful you are one-of-a-kind
don't forget to give your dad so much
love today not just today tomorrow and
the day after and so on and dad's happy
Father's Day to you we love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile boy you want
to explain what's going on right now oh
I got my girl we want dating today uh no
kids tonight no kids we're gonna glam
celebration time
