today is the day guys you have been
waiting forever for this day most of you
have been waiting a really really long
time I have been waiting forever let's
do it I'm so excited actually just got
here today if you don't know what we're
doing let me show you I have promised
you guys for so long that this was going
to happen so here we go I don't remember
when I made this deal but I promised you
guys I would destroy my cop car and
that's exactly what's happening today
here's something I didn't think of the
cop car is so dead hopefully we just
jump it and it runs because I do have to
drive it yeah I can't wait to show you
what's here guys like this is a super
SuperDuper awesome thing this is our
last day with the cop car guys please
start please start
you ready see this thing go yeah I'm
ready to get out of the driveway let's
like get it out of here this thing
starts up I'm gonna be so happy I'm not
gonna lie there's a part of me that's
gonna miss this it's so legit it's got
the cage everything in it it's all
let's be honest I haven't used this
thing one time since grandma's prank and
I made a bet with you guys and I lost so
so really in all actuality this is for
you Justin all these police uniforms are
all a jibber take them out wait a minute
wait wait wait a minute
how is the birthday balloons still blown
up what my dad just got here
you ready see it Noah's not seen my
dad's new car so he's gonna see that for
the first time you can look so sick or
what maybe instead of destroying the cop
car today we surprise papa and blow up
his car we did we've decided we're gonna
blow up grandpa's car instead the cop
car oh yeah all right guys so I wanted
to build a lot more hype to this and
build it up to the blog and not tell you
what we're doing I got the cop car out
there but I'm thinking you've waited
long enough and I should just tell you
right now what it is we're doing let's
go this is so much build up so much wait
I can't wait this is so awesome
dad's out here loving the Vette okay so
here's what we got we got lots of
friends lots of family here to witness
this these crazy dudes I don't know why
they're here you guys ready to do this
this is Emmy and Emmy is the reason all
of this has happened he was hitting me
up on Twitter how long ago has this been
like ten ten months probably and she was
like my dad or was it your dad
she's like my dad has a blank that I
haven't shown you guys yet and he will
bring it to your house to do something
cool with and we overtime we were like
what if we do it to the cop car so here
they are
Emmy thank you so much for being here
everyone give me some love
today is going to be so much fun
Dale's hooking up Wi-Fi because our live
stream is not working very well so
hopefully we get that word name leave it
to my brother to solve that problem all
right guys the police car is meeting its
final maker what's up dude thanks for
coming out with your name Mike butters
thanks for having us out here it's
awesome would you bring me man I brought
my toy over here this is my office just
overkill evolution I do 40 shows a year
with it
we've been world champion a Young Gun
champion and Rookie of the Year with
this truck you're a now let's go check
this out I got to hear it I'm so excited
right now
we got a frigging monster truck at my
house today guys you know it makes you
inside your ears tingle oh my ears are
tingling hey is that crazy or what I
don't know what was louder you were the
truck
how's your popsicle pops I said I didn't
want to tell you this but the new vet is
actually for the monster truck all
around hey the lights work good so
here's the issue right now if yours
tried to watch a stream yesterday you
guys crash the server's like to the
extreme they cannot get the service or
so we've been waiting two and a half
hours for this it's just sitting and
waiting for our live stream and we don't
know if we can get it up so the truck is
sitting the kids are waiting everybody's
waiting - what's gonna happen oh no man
it's waiting on the live stream may or
may not work at this point you laughing
at me yeah everyone's sitting now let's
say you know it's getting boring so you
know everybody's getting bored
all right so how long does it take for
that car to go a hundred to zero like
it's just gonna be gone instantly won't
be gone gonna crush into like a ramp
sort of piece of metal looking thing and
then the rumor is that I'm gonna get to
drive this truck which is like a dream
if I don't break it
you'll be the drivers don't break it I
gotta do a lap in that thing can I hit
the car oh we were just talking about
that on see he's gonna be like ass broke
sorry
whoops oh my god this is crazy all you
can see pretty good actually a hot foot
right there dude I am in the first time
in my life a monster truck we're all
these switches dude is that just for
looks those are just for looks aren't
they he's basically a robot by time he
gets dressed dude look at this I just
saw this you put that there
haha Roger this is turned into a real a
real event here oh my gosh yeah so you
got a pop all the tires yeah we got
popping because if we don't when he hits
it he can roll and stuff like that Oh
God Oh flatter things you would never
know is there any any other rules to
trucks what about the glass like I've
all wanted that we can usually pop them
sometimes we don't
infusion depends what we're doing for
this we won't know it's makes it a
little bit more effective for you get to
better yeah I mean let's shatter it we
have now probably two and a half three
hours later got the live stream working
we are just about to set up the stream
is rolling their eyes are on the cop car
and we are ready - you guys - you guys
it's still complete mystery what we're
doing so get ready welcome to the stream
let's go
oh all right you guys officially ready I
know I'm ready
this has been an all-day adventure I
know it seems quick on the vlog but we
were struggling so bad with the
livestream took two three hours to get
that working I think we're ready to hit
this thing if you're ready I'm ready
this will be the end of the cop car as
promised this is for you guys
are you kidding it oh he's going down
the ditch
you
Danny almost hit the fence
whoo he's good with that there
I feel like I'm in a clean
that's the cut card yeah
unbelievable hahahaha what just happened
in my backyard huh tell you this yeah
that dude that was amazing
sorry about your yard I thought you were
gonna destroy the fence like every house
the oh no fence fence see you guys asked
me destroy the cop car this is one of
the funnest ways that I could think of
and honestly I think even if I blew the
car up it won't have done this much
damage it is gone
grab your laptop out of there right oh
dude those are good cables there's a
good cables dude never know we're gonna
find it in where did that come from
there's gonna be pieces in my yard for
life dude literally you're know stuff
all the way over there we didn't turn on
the siren oh I wanna hear yo we're so
what'd you think of that I didn't
realize the speed that they could hit so
much power so much better I said 1,600
horsepower ha ha ha I realize how high
could go I know he wrote instantly 10
feet above the ground it was crazy off
just one car
what'd you think I thought it was
awesome at Kimble ago well he drove that
car at that speed i week like we were
saying i thought he was gonna like creep
override into stead just blam he went
hard do a good job man I love that not
gonna lie every time you went down I was
like there goes my friends that's gone
in a new coat everything I was like
sometimes I'm alone through the woods
I'm not for sure the fence there's brush
oh here we go
say I'm gonna drive my first-ever
monster truck and I'm excited about it
how hard could it be you're over looking
for more drivers you're looking for more
drivers hey maybe I'm gonna be on a farm
I love right here that's what it looks
like when she's boiling water but what
are you doing mom
you burnout Dale's got the right idea
everyone should back up and once you get
out like safe mode like a computer just
takes out like 1500 horsepower it just
barely moves turns into a Power Wheels I
gotta say the live stream took a long
time today guys but thank you so much
for being patient there's half a million
of you watching live right now which is
absolutely insane
30 seconds worth of training here we go
we're gonna get up in it up I gotta
climb in helmet nothing no you just grab
Shafi I like your style I like your
style for young and reckless he always
gives you a little bit of safety belt
there get there
we get buckled up strapped in to go so
we're gonna drive you for driving guys
I'm blogging sassy not my fault
you gotta give it like okay
awesome holy crap my ears are ringing
you back apart yes I am all my just pop
that dude that's too much power to have
in your hands yeah like I just want to
punch it as hard as I can but you know
wow
really it's not fun it felt so fun no
problem with the opposite you did good
man Thank You Man thank you for letting
me do that I promise I'm a good trainer
aggressive yeah that's 30 second
training a river right into the fire
what you think dude oh my god yo
honestly that felt so good being inside
that thing man I felt completely
comfortable too much power for one human
yeah I can see why you get addicted is a
dominating effect what did you guys win
what race did you in freestyle freestyle
2015 heck yeah you get out in Vegas
yep that's got to be huge pressure oh
yeah it is there's 32 of the best trucks
in the world that's amazing there we go
man I'm honored guys thank you so so
much I'm gonna give you guys some love
too cuz you came all the way from New
York from this last night over kill
evolution guys at your Facebook right is
that what you want to promote right now
Instagram lifestyle and guys please
please please go show them love Facebook
Instagram whatever you can do take a
minute and go up just just go show them
how thankful we are to have them you
guys made the vlog fun you made the
livestream fun we love you to blame and
uh Emmy is the real VIP cuz she really
made this happen man so thing out of you
guys will you come over and I'll sign
your names on the white car we're gonna
put it out in front of straight-line
tomorrow
how nice toe it over there and leave it
out thank you
thank you guys so much that is our
Monster Jam in my backyard today I never
thought that would happen that's kind of
crazy thanks for everybody that came to
livestream 1.2 million viewers on the
livestream which to me is a number way
above and beyond anything we ever
thought we could hit so thank you so
much and thanks for waiting and being
patient took us 2 3 hours to get the
stream to work so that's it hope you
enjoyed there she is okay
something pretty cool for you locals
this cop car will be sitting out front
of straight-line Auto as you're going
into Heath right in front of what 114 80
Hebron Road 1480 Hebron Road for
everyone local tomorrow it's gonna be
there yeah when this vlog goes up yeah
it'll be out front shop so you can go
get pictures with it you can go in this
is Charles the owners my uncle my aunt
told him there might be a lot of people
there he said bring it on so you can go
get pics with that car and maybe bring a
marker and sign it you start having
people to sign the car and every cool
happy great awesome yeah so this is what
you're doing up here oh good thank you
so much Zeus you almost died today you
almost lost your life he went right
under the monster truck tire and it
slipped off the car would have been over
game over it would have been on live
stream that's what my dog would have
been smashed live in front of the
million people always heart broke I'm so
glad you're here this is the last of the
energy right there I can still push that
car I can still we just had a record
show up and we have no idea if he knows
exactly what happened this car right now
he's probably like uh-oh what's up man
nothing
dag on meteorite came down right on top
of that car the light bar dude was
really happy really
I think ways like we gotta get this
trunk back in the car dude
there's gonna be pretty interesting
going up on that bad dude we're gonna
see oh my gosh whoa are they efficient
it's just crazy cuz it's a cop car you
driving down the road and you see a cop
car look like that it's just oh
intersection put a fake skeleton in
there I like you thinking here she goes
he's going home there she goes off to
straight-line autos front yard it's
going to go out in front of
straight-line autos place and then you
can take a marker and you can go sign it
like you guys can show up and just sign
the car yeah I really can't thank you
guys enough for being here man that live
stream was insane 1.2 million views I
speechless they loading it up oh it's
all blurry hablar - blurry Brett care
what you think these guys are loading up
their huge truck look at this thing holy
crap so to get the monster truck in the
trailer they have to take off the giant
wheels which then they put these on and
they have a school bus monster try how
cool is that
higher education they're low note we're
gonna start goodbyes and so fun guys
absolutely amazing thank you for let me
drive your truck problem dude we've
already talked about next time me
smashing a car it's gotta happen alright
well have a partner to this there's got
to be a participation yeah that's her
school bus
it's the cool bus it's a monster truck
school bus dude
here's my question for you guys today
what is the next live stream is really
weird doing the live stream and vlogging
actually I got to get better at it
because I was I was I was thinking that
I was blogging with this camera but I
was holding the live stream I was like
oh crap
I want that for the vlog so it's really
strange to tell me I I don't want to do
boring live strings I do live streams
live streams my streams I just don't
want to like sit and talk to you guys
like that's great it's just not for me
right now there's gonna be times where I
want to just hop on and say hi to you
guys but for like my live streams how do
we make them unbelievable or fun or
action-packed tell me in the comments
today what is the next live stream man
that is gonna do it today guys I have a
lot of fun I hope you enjoyed it
everyone that joined the live stream
thank you again it was uh it was really
hectic in fact John is kind of the one
that pulled the whole thing off because
I was ready to just start crushing the
car and he's like ten more minutes
ten more minutes ten more is and he must
have said that 20 times so he saved the
live stream we will see you guys
tomorrow thank you for everything tell
me in the comments today what is our
next live stream something big something
something unique help me think of that
you guys are amazing we'll see you
tomorrow smile more and you know I
thought they were all circled around to
see the new car turns out its popsicle
sticks
wow this is Dales we felt like five that
hadn't been added this looks uh
interesting that's a pretty that's a
wall
