hey guys - oh man here we go
rah-rah pom-pom ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum
you're getting bigger than mommy
ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum you're getting
bigger than daddy what was for us doing
this morning while we were all asleep
anybody have any guesses
oh my flash is losing his baby teeth so
he decided to go hard on the paper
towels this morning even looks silly
before I seen it
hmm welcome to our house everybody today
is going to be what's it gonna be not
father-son adventure father in son
Adventure day we got the toys we got
tripods GoPros cameras backpacks
chargers tools bases fit I'm ready if
you're ready
oh come on it's gonna be try to catch
them all you look good this your
good-looking dog hi baby
we're getting ready to leave Yeah right
you gonna be livin it up soaking it up
no craziness in the house today it's
just you okay
this smells like french fries you
smuggling buzzers have fun today I think
we're off to a good start here bite RC
drone might as well throw that in let's
do it you ready I'm ready push the start
button we begin our mission there we go
we're off there look at this train
sitting on that bridge dude it's so
heavy
should we go under should we go over
hope you guys are having such an awesome
day man I hope it's
good and I hope you realize how awesome
you have it right now ii i know that
everything is outweighing the positivity
in your life there's way more negative
to hit you every day you have to trick
your mind tell it you're having an
awesome date is a good day tell yourself
is a good friggin day you woke up this
morning your eyes open
it's a good day you know what every road
trip knees though snacks junk who's got
the best trick that's always asked go
for it
oh nice little 360 dude skin tall too
that's that's beautiful do good job
snack time snack time and we got about a
two-hour not quite a two-hour drive but
we need snacks that's what road trips
are for hey didn't even come out right
that's what road trips are for no snacks
are for road trips we a super junky
snack so do we get good snacks do we get
beef jerky do we get gummies like what
what's the best road trip food problems
in the seats I like your thinking those
are different to meet two of these
ladies get the bigger bigger is better
so today man I'm off today's like a
father-son getaway me no getaway
everyone said I want all just me and him
especially before I go on tour this week
we're getting a little just bonding time
and you need this you need some
one-on-one time and over the last time
last time we did this was ice skating a
go-karting we did and today is gonna be
more of an outdoor adventure and an x
man get out beautiful day it's sunny I
have no idea where we're at never been
down this road in my life but it's
beautiful like we're ever gonna see that
well I was wrong horse and buggy dude
the Oregon Trail
what is that there's more becomes more I
wanna ride with him I would love I would
love to spend an entire day with the
Amish or like on a weekend and just like
I would want to do this that's awesome
dude why do I like that so much just
seems so real like I want to experience
that I got died 12 hours with no
internet via my head was flung yeah well
you didn't vlog 3 days overall
like we're really gonna see that I have
never seen anything like this ever does
all baby cows oh that one lying down so
cute oh don't like little huts look at
them dude they got like little dog
houses little cow houses what in the
world
all right I think we have made it 1,000
feet ahead thousand feet many counting
snowy bears jelly yep
Yogi Bear is dude this place is wild
what is that what is that I never seen
one of those what those things are also
living round things I remember me too
that like Brittany's camp yeah look at
these little cabins dude these are sweet
all right so we've just hit the campsite
Conrad my nail crazy deal is that your
tent
I recognize that tent and the car my
mom's here dad get drugged the vet I
can't I didn't drive the new vet you
know what I wanted him to he said he
couldn't fit his bikes and his fishing
rods and his grill in it that's true
there's no lack of small more shirts in
the family loving it this is the out
woods right here
Oh trash what in the heck is this I
thought a broom by now and you know I
thought they were all circled around to
see the new car turns out it's popsicle
stick wow this is Dales we felt like
five that hadn't been added this looks
uh interesting that's a three that's a
wall a Norman built this one for you the
crusher you said it like this on top
this must be yours
so we'll break his real quick so he's
out of the competition this is awesome
and you pull down and break it now use
this far
so we'll get it's not gonna case you
don't know the Atwood family is
extremely competitive I mean there's
been some crazy competitions over the
year this is new one I've never seen
this right now
hey now I wish we would have done it I
think this is awesome
my uncle Austin built this just for this
bridge competition this is genius didn't
work we gonna test it with some sticks
strong tail you made a shield that's too
cool let me see oh you're gonna block
all the bridge shattered into 24 to 26
to 32 oh yes it's crazy
240 255 260 280 pounds these are awesome
weight and you can close it there's
somebody sleep in there really I
remember one time most of our cousins
wrong one oh damn it ha ha ha would you
sleep in there like avatar did you just
cuddle up before me and Noah go and do
our thing they are about to break all
these bridges so we got to see a little
bit of that everybody built one my dad
my brother you're the first one yeah
well I'm going out of the contest
because I used 300 and then they
switched rules but I didn't know so I'm
in a heavyweight class so you're
supposed to use 150 but there's more
than one bridge is 300 so this is a 300
I only have one contender against me
there goes Dale's steady 30 pulling this
way already so bad there go there go
that's what happens 20 tails
it's 22 pounds
blue is just to say hit 47 pounds
omma yeah yeah we we now you're talking
now you're talking over the top micro HR
this is mayhem this is just like some
underground stuff it will collapse it
person and finish always now it already
here goes my dad's bridge don't let us
down there no pressure
hate to see you go
30-40 this is gonna be tough 60 70 new
leader honey ready
forty fifty holy 50 70 80 90 Oh
yeah be you're the official winner you
get the Chaudry and you have that good
hanging rich building film sent you this
trophy all right the bridge building is
done we're headed up to get some food
and jump on this crazy thing do some
swimming just hanging out mom and dad's
with us super cool to have you guys and
we're just hanging out beautiful day so
how does this work
just get some ribs and uh ribs let me
see in there
Red's AM ribs anymore oh my gosh it
looks good you're gonna make these my
husband Ken really dude this thing's
insane what in the world
whoa what's this thing called what's
this thing called this jump hello a jump
pillow yeah I love it
let's try this balance pillow what oh my
god well you bounce so hard fast as we
can to the other side you got a weave in
and out of all these people ready I'll
fall are you ready set go go go go yo G
oh my god oh my gosh dude
there's no idea I'm right there oh yes
he's smiling I thought it was sneaking
up on you
I heard you idiot right now I'll meet
you back at the corn maze yes ma'am I'm
sir
no brakes on it just so you know oh gosh
supposedly this cornfield is caught into
a corn maze that looks like yogi the
bear so I'm gonna fly the drum perfect
time to have the drone and just see
exactly what it looks like I don't know
if it's here or down there there's not
much but you can walk straight
we were playing a game off my base we
ate some corn
well how easy would a corn maze be if
you flew your drum with you like you're
walking through the maze fun huh oh so
fun
well no sofa mm-hmm we're gonna find out
really what this maze looks like right
now there's too many rumors floating
around there are a lot of rooms I was in
there right now
things gone already here's what we got
dude that's a huge maze oh my gosh
definitely whisper something it's
nothing vaulted eagle look at the Eagle
did oops
wow the pine trees I'm a dude that's a
an eagle pine trees and says whispering
where's Yogi Bear I'll see no Yogi Bear
did huh cool there's a whole eagle in
the maze like cut out it's not Yogi Bear
though Dale Dale I honestly thought you
were gonna be lost in there dude
you me and Grandpa we're just thinking
like probably gonna get out no way to
know but there's a hole Eagle cut out of
the corn maze it's insane I'll show you
no I will I will I wouldn't be a full
day with our little RC action right all
right you gotta do it did you charge it
yet this one should be ready
i underscore my first contestant to ride
the RC truck I knew one
oh she's wrong okay ready
can you follow them you're awesome
she did it you think I can do it if you
/ if you make it like the logs are way
too big and we need more speed
I came out with a caution sorry amazing
it was meant to be
all right we are headed out and I was
stealing Thai from the campsite you sure
you want to leave the outlet camp out
you come home with us yes I'm totally
fine okay
we've stolen one Nevin I'll see you
tomorrow buddy we're gonna do something
so big
Nevins coming over for our big police
car thing so excited about yo-yo Lama yo
Lama hey Lama Lama did you have a good
time it was a fun day I wish I the
British thing is something I just never
seen before hope you guys enjoyed it huh
I definitely want to participate next
time like I think we can build a bridge
yeah
yeah teamwork makes the dream work
cut in half let's go slowpokes
let's go here's a sleeve oh I missed all
Zeus mommy and keen are asleep if he's
asleep I bet he won't be able to feel
this I had so much fun cuddling with you
all day a hot cocoa and heat our cocoa
what the heck happened here mush
get off the zoo still with me
what an awesome day guys what an awesome
day you ready for the red ears let's do
the red ears again everybody likes my
red ears look last time I sat here I had
a million screenshots you guys making
fun of my red here there there
I'll sit this way so I've read ears here
we go we are finally destroying the cop
car in a very fun unique way and we've
been working on this for I feel like
I've been working on this for a year
literally a year and not that I've been
working on it for a year that's when it
started we started talking about it like
a year ago and it's finally happening
tomorrow so if you're watching this blog
right when I uploaded I will be on live
stream you can watch me live I will put
the link in the top of description click
it now 3 no 4 p.m. Eastern 4 p.m.
Eastern I usually upload it 3 p.m. so if
you're watching this it's gonna be like
right now go to live dot me follow me
and watch the cop car live I will also
be vlogging it so if you don't go to the
live stream don't worry about it it will
be the whole vlog for Monday so thank
you guys for hanging out thanks for
being part of the family thanks for
hanging out with me in NOLA today it's
just so good just going out with no we
were with a ton of family but it was so
fun and it was just awesome and family
first baby we'll see you guys tomorrow
for the big day I'm so excited about all
my life streams gonna give it all the
way so so many of you are gonna know
about it way before the vlog is out so
it's whatever I think it's gonna be fun
you get a little bonus for going you see
tomorrow you are beautiful you are
one-of-a-kind don't let nobody tell you
you can't do something just because they
couldn't do it themselves
go get it man start now the best place
to start is the beginning I keep telling
you guys start it go go go love you
we'll see you tomorrow
smile mwah this is gonna be so bad dude
it's hard to drive I'm not gonna lie and
I've promised my viewers for a long time
you
