we cannot get rain today no rain today
we have a very special guest and very
special stunts that we've been wanting
to pull off for a long time it's finally
hopefully gonna happen today you know
what it is right yeah it's gonna be big
it's gonna be dangerous it's gonna be
perfect
it can't go wrong it cannot go wrong and
we cannot get rain it must not rain go
away rain should shave it all off like
me I forgot pulling back so fast the
packet we gotta cut I got like I shaved
off moment right now yet a little bit in
the back that's crazy so I headed home
let's get this vlog started alright guys
so our special guests are here already
playing video games what's up dude
this is Rocco and this kid has blown my
mind over time he actually came to my
movie premiere and like forgive me but
like I need so many people that when you
came to my movie pier I'm like oh yeah
cool take a picture I didn't know that
this dude was a professional scooter
rider
Oh Holly his mom is here and we are
trying today to perform a crazy stuff he
is not me what's up guys you've got to
be related to Rocco Emma Rebecca I've
actually met you at the premiere -
stepdad Bryan Bryan and Tanner I knew
that one I knew that one in your scooter
rider too
so these dudes are nuts this kid is
seven years old you know what I was play
with GI Joes and Legos only at seven
years old that was like the highlight of
my day
yeah you want to what is it patty made
only like the only people I know that
make them are down in California it's
tortoise paths a guy down at the local
skate park Oh awesome he found out that
everybody's yelling and screaming of how
it hurt your bottom when you fell so he
came up with what you put him on your
butt
yes oh it's chilly this you're like
little short
they're like little shorts and then they
have tailbone padding but they're
custom-made for everybody sighs like
that came yeah like a superhero in that
yeah who sketches this who drew this mom
drew this okay I kind of don't want to
give it up yet of what we're doing but
it's probably the thumbnail of this
video so here we go this is their sketch
of Rocko ramping my car because I asked
them how are we gonna ramp my car this
is what they sent me and I was like
that'll work
let's let's do that you guys know
on this channel we try to switch things
up and do something different you've
never seen before today I've decided to
load up the ramps go to the park I'm
gonna pull Rocco on the dirt bike with a
rope kind of like you get towed into a
ramp a pro surfer they get towed in I'm
gonna tow him in he's gonna hit the ramp
and jump my GTR maybe a backflip I don't
know we're gonna have fun let's do this
we're gonna load up this ramp head to
the park I'm so pumped kids crazy man he
wants to do without a downside so he's
telling me he can use just this part of
the ramp go over my car and just land on
concrete to me that sounds crazy like my
I can just feel my knees just going out
of my skin
this is a taste of what today is gonna
be like what the heck dude
they brought the kids he's great what
are these dude it's like a mini bike for
like adults and kids and stuff this is
so cool
holy cow you do tricks on yeah I bet you
can I got a bunch of extra cameras
GoPros a rope to pull rocky oh I think
you're ready dude you ready to do this
don't hit my car don't hit my car Rocco
you break it you buy it
ha ha ha look at this bike I love it do
you think that no just hanging up
backpack bike sure you cannot go today
this is something you don't want to miss
oh I'm sorry for yesterday and I had
yesterday pre-soviet today this place is
a zoo all right do your thing I'm gonna
do mine
okay um hey what's gonna come and hang
out - he's coming with us yeah okay
Cain's going with me yeah he's coming
and helping you okay you guys ready I'm
ready
you got doing some shopping like
everybody's like yeah you guys ready to
do this we got the cameras we got the
kids we've got we got a truck loaded
with toys dude dirt bike ramp bikes RC
I'm bringing the RC because I'm kind of
been promising you guys that I will hit
this ramp with it I think today's is
there so you get nervous and you're
feeling the but you're riding and the
car about the jump really nervous
you got this no problem baby nervous
I've seen you on a scooter dude you're
probably gonna land in the trees I mean
I'm not that nervous just like it I'm
kind of nervous about the speed I have
to do this one pony on the dirt bike bro
I can't you scary and you're then hold
on a dirt bike before a jump that's how
you know it's a good idea today we have
strew we have some very train pulled by
anything instead of a road well wait for
tea
you've never been pulled in you've never
jumped the GTR I'm not sure many people
have in the world has the GTR today is
all about new things man he wanted to
just jump in I said no we got to do it
from a dirt bike we got to change it up
we got to make things weird on this
channel I got the car clean just for
today it's never that clean this is this
is total play day right here dude how
often you just fill your truck full of
toys come to apart and unload it what
what if Tanner's the one actually
pulling you he would understand your
speed better right would you be better
at pulling him because he doesn't right
that's the problem okay honestly I feel
more cuts but you pull it okay I I just
think that Villa pissed I don't under I
don't understand the speed he needs so
we need to do a lot of practice right
see exactly how fast we need to go so
you okay with this one okay with this
yes I'm okay mom's okay I'm okay I'm
okay I mean I know this kid has it in
him I think he's just gonna be worried
about the car I'm worried about the car
too buddy hey it'll be fine man I know
you got this I wouldn't even come up
with this idea if I didn't know you
could do it these guys are ridiculous
smile more hat
this is Rocco practicing without the
dirt bike see if he's got the speed oh
you got it
he's trying someone's right now with the
car back so we can just see what it
looks like all right we took a test with
the bike in the rope he's company wants
to try over the hood of the car right
now he's cooling down on the truck it is
wicked humid it's like sticky wet here
hey break a leg
me and you dude mainly you haha seven
years old about the jump the gt-r
no pressure you ready let's do this
let's go I'm so ready let's get his
awesome man so talented brave too he's
brave
we go all cameras are rolling he
literally took like one practice round
you give me the thumbs up I go let's do
it
here we go guys
oh my gosh he was just sick
round two
did you're a champ man you were so high
in the air it's not it way hot you I
think I need to go back in second gear
okay we'll go back to second you told me
I'm just do what you tell me but you're
definitely flying huh
are you ready ready okay here we go guys
give it up for Rocko even his name's
cool here we go
give me a new that's amazing you jumped
it so easy heck yeah that's it he jumped
the GTR I'm so proud of him man that's
amazing
he really likes dirt bikes he will not
get off the dirt bike
I can't even vlog with him because he
just wants to present terrified he said
it's his victory lap he deserves it yeah
he said I get to take a victory lap mom
I have a feeling it's not gonna be long
before he's jumping dirt bikes I hope
next week you want to jump right leg
three yeah then we'll come back to the
dirt it's gonna be really good at it I
can already so the next time you come
you're jumping the GTR long ways on a
dirt bike ha ha ha
deal shake on it it's coming this is
vlog commitment it's in alright it's my
turn it's not as cool as Rocco but I'm
gonna hit the RC on the ramp let's do it
dude you want to do the RC
heck yeah oh yeah I'm gonna move my car
I don't want my car this is gonna be so
bad dude it's hard to drive I'm not
gonna lie and I've promised my viewers
for a long time I was gonna ramp this
thing so you want to film for me oh yeah
anybody want to make predictions where
it's gonna land where's he gonna land
eyes I want to pull past that tree ranch
over there probably it's like it just
gonna dive in the middle hit record on
the TV room
oh my god that went so much farther than
I thought holy counted awful that one
like maybe 50 feet far than I thought I
was gonna oh look out for did it came
down like a parachute how's the body
still on I know I don't think the wheels
or anything are bad because it landed
onto the back did I won't be surprised
if it still works
try seriously I mean the connectors are
pulled out but that was so worth it just
to watch it fell in slow motion it did
it really did legit in the air for like
10 seconds imagine if you put a
parachute on it'd be so cool
so that's crazy high boom
well that shocks completely gone even
the top the cap this is all we're
definitely sitting on the girl
for some reason I thought that it would
go that way I don't know why I was
thinking go that way so I won't wait
hired Nath I was gonna look at the gears
oh pretty what us honestly shocked top a
new mount plate and I knew all this is
is just shifted this way shift it that
way to the new gear I'll bet this thing
works
snow yeah you can fix it again to the
lung yeah we just but you just keep
repairing this thing and keep destroying
it see how many lifes have alright I'm
letting Tanner drive the GTR probably
bad idea just in the parking lot yeah
just limbering it I'm trying to eat here
was
what do you think making me so happy
have no idea it's like all the small
more God my god your little love give it
a little longer make you smile
oh my god this is the best again
everything okay that one rat poop yeah
go down here do it
i film that on my phone okay we packed
the whole squad up what a good day Rocco
I'm proud of you
dude you're killer - man I can't believe
you guys can do that stuff it's like a
whole nother world I like yeah when I
was your age there wasn't scooters the
shooters wasn't like a swore you guys
have like blown my mind but this is so
cool
so we have total squad packed up we're
headed to a famous ice cream shop that I
used to go to when I was a little kid
called Wheldon's and it's still around
it's still making ice cream and uh we're
gonna go right now
did you probably pick one of the hottest
days to do that star it's so hot
treacherous ice cream man this is so
good price oh yeah right there hey wait
we'll do some chocolate it looks so good
I don't know what I want man
I used to come in here as a kid the same
booths that are still here as a little
kid usually get a banana split over they
had these giant 50 cent popsicles that
were huge ever like that big around long
it then baked like a icy-pop
but they were like huge
what should I get out of what I want
wait a minute what's going on in here
that's fine I just leave you all an
effort oh my gosh you guys are all
trying what are you guys trying to do
wait to hear to the couch yeah Wallabies
yeah roughly I'm a major to make a
decision I don't know where they've seen
this done before I actually made it up
and my house i parachuted off my
Krathong nails fun idea nice dude that's
it's definitely original no I love your
originality myself thanks bro what are
you doing Katie what didn't labor he's
like trying to kill it we are saying our
goodbyes to rock on his beautiful family
thank you guys for coming out dude
thanks for jumping the car with no
scratches and crashing that's that's
good
you did great I'm gonna get one now
tomorrow what up what up
let's go play ball for a minute come on
oh yeah yeah come on outside Rocco and
his family is gone we are wrapping up
our fun day Zeus you need to play dude
ready you ready he can do this all day
they are see ten minutes he's done you
are on bikes I thought you got cookies
he's giving you a back massage dude such
a fun day guys how cool are they did
they can ride scooters soak I'd even
know that stuff existed really man like
I said when I was growing up it was it
was like BMX skateboard motocross
scooters were coming in and now they're
like they're insane
they're literally insanely like blew my
mind good good day I had a good day man
that's fun I love that stuff class just
want your bagel did look at him he's
like drop something drop one dang
anything all right guys it is finally
time to fill you in on something I've
been working on Rome and you're supposed
to blow up your cop car Roman you made
us a promise it is here for you guys
watching right now you get the top
secret information in case you're new to
this channel this is my cop car
had it for a long time I had it made and
shipped out here for the prank that I
pulled on grandma had her fake arrested
so that she thought she was speeding in
my car blah blah blah oh so you know
about it but this is the cop car I
promised you guys that I would destroy
this cop car and although I've had a
million inquiries for this cop car I
told everybody that I made a promise to
my viewers I'm going to destroy the cop
car so for you guys watching right now
since you've made it all the way through
this video here's what I'm doing I'm
gonna miss it man okay so you guys know
that I've been doing a lot of livestream
stuff a lot of live stream stuff live
dot me I told you about this site I
actually liked it so much I've had so
much fun you guys have enjoyed the live
streams I enjoy doing them it's like a
nice little bonus live vlog I don't
consider it a live stream I consider it
a live
vlog there's no there's no editing
there's no if I make a mistake I can't
cut it out like the vlogs I can cut cut
cut during the live stream it is raw
vlog at its finest so so this Sunday be
ready guys I don't have the exact time
yet but Sunday early late morning late
morning I'm aiming for it we were doing
something so freaking amazing now it
will be in the vlog but if you want to
see it first you want to watch it live
I'm teaming up with my sponsors over
live dot me to make this the most epic
live experience guys we are doing
something that is is gonna change the
live game I would be completely real
with you guys man when I started the
sponsorship with live dot me I was like
there's a lot of live stream stuff going
on but how do we change it how do we
take it to the next level did imagine
watching this epic adventure with this
cop car but you can change camera angles
live literally different camera angles
live that's my plan I want to change it
up I want to do something different I
want to do something so fun and when I
do live streams I want it to be I want
it to be almost like a an episode so
click on the top link download the app
follow me Matt we're gonna have so much
fun on this app I'm telling you it's a
fun time and just join me don't be
skeptical we're gonna have a blast
come show some love show some sport
let's let's do the biggest live stream
anybody's ever seen I just told him
about Sunday
I know no more cop car game are you
excited for Sunday yeah it's gonna be
crazy I really kind of just want to tell
you guys when I'm doing it that might
ruin the fun these bikes are so sick the
cop car thing you know what I'm talking
about his nuts isn't it haha super
awesome of rock on his family to bring
these bikes because the kids have been
on them all day like they're so cool
I'll just what we need chocolate chip
cookies I know you spent a lot of time
on these bad boys baby great I did I've
made them from scratch I made my own
flour I'll back this stuff along the
photo that's how you actually made it no
effort I brought away like that's a
ticket out of charge like Oh three
minutes I think right now is a good
place to say goodbye for today we are
we're gonna hang out as fam here goof
off
Zuse all day that's it he's steering
it's it no it takes it moves by itself
he doesn't realize that we pick it up
look he just stares yeah sure
so we're gonna say goodbye thank you
guys so much for all the daily support
this shares the likes we're going to
continue the Twitter spree actually we
need to do that I have already done
multiple sets of this but Noah has asked
if he can do it today so go ahead just
pick a tweet this is my Twitter click on
any tweet hit the retweets and then
follow every single person and just go
go go
we're gonna keep this going I absolutely
love it you guys are insane this house
is insane and thank you for the support
on yesterday's vlog my dad's birthday
vlog it was uh just still a little
mind-blowing and I'm so thankful I was
able to do it my family is just beside
themselves and your support was more
than I could ever ever imagine you guys
always surprise me so thank you for
everything we will see you tomorrow
don't forget about Sunday seriously
click the link follow me on live drop me
it is going to be the best livestream
you've ever seen I don't even want to
say that but I'm telling you it's gonna
be something you just can't expect I
love you guys see you tomorrow you're
one of a kind don't forget how beautiful
you are
smile more it froze so I need you to do
me a quick favor - um I'm not gonna be
here for your birthday I'm on tour again
so we're actually here for you to pick
out any Corvette you want ha ha
once again folks I'm not falling for
that boy
