welcome to the vlogs guys today is
something extremely important today is
something very special to me
my daughter I actually already know that
I don't have the words to explain to you
guys how special today is I already know
that I can't actually explain to you how
important today is I know that I don't
have the communication skills to tell
you guys what today means to me in my
family this is something that I've put a
lot of time a lot of thought in I've
never actually been able to pull it off
until now Wow long story short is today
is nothing more than trying to fulfill a
lifelong dream to my father man my
superhero the reason I exist on this
planet dad this is for you I guess the
hard part to explain to you guys is that
this is a dream of my father's to own
this car his whole life there is no way
for me to explain that I have seen this
car go down the street my whole life and
my dad be like man one day I'm gonna
have that car but he hasn't he has never
got the car he will never buy the car my
dad had all the money in the world he
still wouldn't buy the car he's just not
the guy to do that he's very low keys
very humble he drives a beat-up Honda
Civic which is fine but today it's gonna
change last but not least my dad is a
workaholic it is so hard to get him out
of work he works non-stop the
hardest-working man I've ever met in my
life he will work until he drops I
guarantee it my dad never stops working
so I had to come up with an excuse today
I couldn't even call him because I had
to lie to him I had to tell my dad
hey Dad I just found over 200 acres for
sale over in pataskala do you want to
come with me my dad my dad loves land he
loves property he loves for me to invest
in those things so I got my dad out of
work so I'm picking him up he believes
we're going to look at land we're gonna
tell him that we're actually picking up
Brittany's car at the car lot that's
being worked on let's do this guy's
thank you so much for being here
I don't expect dad to give much reaction
I think we'll see the reaction over time
like throughout the weeks I bet it I bet
it works pretty hard on his emotions
today yeah I bet it will because even me
you know you're our
and so we look at you like you know
you've become um you've you've always
been a very generous person and you've
always shown us great love I mean
there's there's no greater gift that we
can get as a parent more than love from
our child so I mean that's it's really
touching I know it's gonna touch now but
you know we love you and we're glad
you're successful oh well I'm nothing
without you guys so let's go do this
yeah let's go it's gonna be a blast
actually ready I am I'm thrilled that I
do get to see this yeah I'm nervous I've
never had to lie to dad before even he
thinks we're going to look at property
which he's so excited things gonna be
bummed head well he's gonna say you're
still gonna look for property right I'm
actually getting really nervous about
this my dad believes that we are going
to look at property which he's very
excited for me to invest in properties
in land and he he really likes that kind
of stuff and so do I so when I called
him today and told him that we're going
to look at property he was like yeah
let's go let's go I got him out of work
and and and we're using Brittany's white
Chevy Cruze to get to the Chevy lot
we're gonna tell him that it's there
getting work done so when we pull into
the Chevy lot there's no thought of
maybe maybe we're looking at cars I'm
nervous but why am i so dressed up to go
pick up a car I know no I'm still asking
why you're wearing that why are you
wearing that because I just got it okay
so we're gonna get my dad right now and
and he's gonna be really thrown off by
this and guys I will say straight out I
don't expect my dad to react like it's
gonna be very quiet
he's very thinks it's all mental it's
all mental
it'd just be like this with his arms
crossed and back like I don't know what
he's gonna do just really quiet but this
is a huge huge day so I'm honestly today
was a surprising day that you were
available like I didn't think when I
called you you would be like yeah let's
go yeah well I try to take time for
those I love truth is you haven't been
asking very much of me lately really
yeah just for the record I believe open
is you been doing it you've been doing
it so running out we are looking at
property like property lots of rock I
think it's over 200 200 acres Oh what
are you said two acres 200 all right
you woulda came for doing good we're
gonna continue our normal day of
vlogging Brit um are you going back to
the store uh you're not for sure 25
you're not ready to retire already
it's a Brit I don't know if it's gonna
look at the land with us we have to drop
her off get her car that has been
repaired if you guys really should you
can always follow it's not far from here
we can do it quick um make it in and out
oh come on right go along you got to go
you want to pick um I just three okay
we'll get your car right before we go
it's right there in there and it isn't
sound asleep really yep perfect
oh so I need you to do me a quick favor
- um I'm not gonna be here for your
birthday I'm on top again so we're
actually here for you to pick out any
Corvette you want uh-huh
once again folks I'm not falling for
that boy no really
get out it worked with your grandma but
it don't work for me you gotta let it
out
it's fancy like a spaceship so I'm not
kidding yeah you reach it don't don't
boy crap me man my car's not even here
well this is our man right there oh
you're here
you know what to pick out any Corvette
you want I was going to get you a car
and I decided to be way funner to let
you come pick anyone I swear I'm not
kidding everybody thinks I'm joking
it's for you and I want to do this more
than anything so she's on her way to
what mom's on her way now maybe I'll
believe that it shows but she ain't here
I can't even get him to believe me he
doesn't believe me
it's incredible was I here yesterday
absolutely he's trying he's trying to
plan everything out he just says you
know what I'm just gonna show up trying
to get a ton of red bows but we can get
him in and then you deliver the Honda
Civic talking about so did you freaking
me out I have wanted to do this for so
long
I finally had spotted are you where I
can do this
and nobody deserves it you don't have to
do this of course I don't have to I have
to do it for you all those you this is
really my way
this is for you and I'm not turning back
you're picking any car you want I
suggest a zo6 wide-body you're making me
really nervous like that dude that red
one right there is just like outer space
I told Britt you'd only pick red or blue
that was my thought I don't know them
good to drive something like that man
look just drive it you have wanted I'll
be in the entire life listen this isn't
a car that we see on the street my dad's
like wow nice car this is a car since I
could walk
he's been like look at that quarter net
if look at that Corvette it's your dream
car it is the truth the only like fancy
cool car I would ever imagine ever
buying and now I'm buying ever for you
you fit okay in there you can't really
wear work boots the pedals it took that
from work he never quits working I can't
even believe I got him how give it a
little Rev now Roman I've heard of I've
heard of celebrities doing this before
and they all wind up broke hey they buy
everything further parents and
grandparents and friends and than they
won if I go broke this will still be
worth it
well I'm going for it I'll Hawking for
you oh good for you little buddy so this
means we're really not going to look at
lamb I know that you'd actually be upset
we're not looking at land
oh well ironic is I like man two hundred
acres in pataskala has got to be a
heaping pile but we're still spending
money yeah that's crazy
that's hot and I love it I love that
oh wait a minute you guys are all in on
this crap when you guys came and told me
what was going on didn't know till this
morning honestly I had a really sick
feeling when he said that it's just like
I can't really be seen in that right
Dale didn't know at all
I had mom tell him today I just went
good I was like they didn't ask me to go
Sealand
oh they would have asked me man I'm like
yeah it's blue sick that's the one we're
looking at right now pulling up a red
one
whoo Wow worth power 650 whoo case you
forget right in front of the shippers a
little bad you remind you what you're
sitting there just before you get the
gas what do you think mom I don't know I
you're so uncomfortable with that sort
of thing I can't even I can't even
picture us in that car yeah we do you
know what I'll get plenty of pictures of
you guys my dad can read it I'll totally
put it in my garage wrap it up and see
what I think red with the black way
there you go he's gonna swap them out
right now is it common for people to
just show up that's the car and go is
that what happens you know
no no this is yours in the making you're
in it it is you see losses it is for us
to after it is for us regulations Robin
you gotta get men for this new car smell
ah man all right you got the red seats
the black wheels and we are going to
swap out for black wheels we're gonna
switch the chrome out which I I'm a big
fan of the black look at that
we just made them so look at my mom and
dad right now they don't even know what
to think good look at him he man you
guys look hot well you know I just start
to feel a little better yeah so funny
thing is when you kids were young like
me and Sue had to travel a lot
and I don't remember hardly any of my
birthday's I complained a lot about them
because we had a particular show always
fell on my birthday but one time we were
in Vegas on the birthday and whoever was
watching you hand me the phone
and you and Dale sang me happy birthday
and it's like the only real birthday I
really remember on that one was you guys
singing me happy birthday and I you know
I teared up like wow you know it was
still really meaningful to me and uh I'm
sure I'm not gonna forget this you
better not because you talked this thing
in one with this thing well and even
though we're not gonna be together on
the birthday this time you know we won't
be together on your birthday we get in
like it's 6:30 and once again I'm gonna
be traveling again I'm like we did it
well it's Skype and still sing yeah so I
expect you guys to call me and sing to
me this year I'm just gonna send you a
picture your new Corvette
alright alright so everyone's in there
doing paperwork and everything I thought
I better say a few things you know
everybody my thoughts run deep you just
never know
the seeds you plant and you know raising
families and things you you're always
questioning whether it's worth the
sacrifice of time to give to your kids
your wife keeping things together
fighting for you know your families and
is it worth it and you know I've always
heard that kids you know are like arrows
if you don't shoot them at the bull's
eye then they're never going to have a
chance of hitting the bull's eye and
although I wasn't a perfect father you
know I just stuck with the family and
tried to make it always work and I
sacrificed you know some of my own
personal glory and gains for that thing
but then later on you know kids grow up
and they start reflecting hopefully who
you tried to help him be and man Roman
and Dale just constantly amazed me of
being good people and what I say to you
is you know no matter what your
situation like Roman says be positive
but don't be afraid to sacrifice
personal fun and glory over top of
staying with your family and just giving
them love maybe lose a few nights out
being with them or a few good times when
you take them out personally and you
know it's not about the money I've
always said money is a byproduct of what
you do and what you love but you got to
love something because you can't love
money and get money you have to love
something and then there's a byproduct
there of
but uh it just proves it you know the
plan works and if you stick with it it's
worth it um hey peace out all right you
ready for the fun part we get to pay for
this thing so all dad's new car is
getting detailed and just dude it's
gonna look so good to put the black
wheels on it we're gonna grab a bite to
eat and then by the time we're done you
my friend are gonna be driving your new
car are you writing home with them and
then I'll take your chair I think we
have yeah we have to I got a ride with
dad you got a ride with daddy Oh mm-hmm
he'll feel the power 650
650 horsepower yeah which by the way is
by equal to all five cars take you that
I mine combine my truck has 340
horsepower how much does your smart car
have that has an old smart girl how much
like sexy horse it is one liter of the
some pathetic okay so um I just bought a
four vessel coming to me from pizza I
can't pay for the pizza we we had no
idea that the top pops off of this car
that's sick and we got the black wheels
oh that's awesome from your sir
that's nice man that they so clean dual
cameras it's got cameras on cam that's
it that's the cleanest car I've ever
seen in my life
wow that's a hot little machine man
worth a good you get my camera I'm gonna
get a picture of him in front of the car
woman everyone could have yarn dragons
on it
dude he got the red interior oh I sure
did I got to clean my pants out and tuck
my shirt in hey not many people go
straight from the factory to the vet
you're still in your work clothes and
when I started the day I thought I was
gonna be in dirt all day as every day
yeah now you're in a Corvette man it's
gonna take at least a week for it to
sink in I haven't had anything
physically ever given to me that nice
just for the record well I didn't within
the realm either yeah not even in the
room it's gonna take a little while to
grasp what what I have it's not even
mine I can't stop grinning look at that
thing body lines Allah so awesome it's
gonna give a little push and then secure
there's two two levers each visor that
is pushing forward I love the removable
especially a hard top yeah all right
we're all going our separate ways dad's
getting a crash course on the car it's
got so many options dude
there's buttons that no one's ever taken
appreciating you to school so you can
buy it for venus fly home but the auto
cooler on here is pretty cool good yeah
brittany is taking the gt-r home so that
I can ride with dad hey not completely
sure about it
tickets fine just don't
be careful I'm ready I'm ready I mean we
got in this seat yet
whoo so this is what it feels like man
it's deep seats baby all the way beautif
deep seats remember Kurt you're part of
a family now it's a Corvette that passes
you they're gonna be envious number one
because you have the zo6 but the thing
to do is either wait or just give him a
little thumbs up Neela that's like
motorcycles they all got that little
thing going on when they are live
welcome to the family buddy scheduling
welcome thanks bud thank you soon see
how these brakes are this is the first
time you've ever moved in over time
this sounds amazing bitches rumbles
knock knock crazy you outdid yourself
this time baby putting this thing in the
hands of the maniac like father like son
oh I was hoping to never get the fever
of power you got it I was always trying
to be humble and controlled and now
power
it's a smile maker that's for sure more
Garba
you need that power beautiful car man
I'm even like in all just sitting with
her
awesome
looks like somebody wants to raise pops
I'll give it to it how many first-time
sports car owners have got a ticket the
first day they buy them you know what
happens all the time we're gonna let
this go we're not trying to set a record
all right so I didn't get to have oh no
it's so dirty I didn't get to have a
ball on my dad's car but this is from
grandmas when we were fortunate enough
to get grandma on new car we had two
bows oh man it's so dirty fat on red it
is so ridiculous to be like a family
heroine this ribbon here let's stand
right here
hold the ball let's see if I can get a
good picture of you I might jump in with
you you look great in it man he looks so
good so what do you think so far
what's your first thoughts uh-huh um
man speechless I it's not the car ran
it's everything that gets to the car
it's it's everything from your whole
life you reflect on how things work out
to work out like this how many millions
away life can go I had a guy that not
too long ago told me he was getting the
divorce he was leaving his wife and his
kids and I said dude
you're just halfway there man you got to
make it to the end and he says well
there is no rainbow at the end and I I
said but there could be a rainbow at the
end and I don't know whether we grasp it
or not but there is you know and it's
all those things man that come together
and when you work together and people
love each other and yeah family and it's
good yeah it's all about you know
it's all about sacrifice lots of in it
up and getting it later I guess huh hey
man Cain you want to go see grandpa's
new car come on dude look at this is
that crazy how cool is that
I'll get guys oh my gosh it's like a
rocket it's unbelievable
well while I was driving you and your
GTR people were just throwing their
numbers in the car oh my gosh it looks
like cuz I had the windows down I got
some looks like holy cow that's too cool
garner nice you mean they're like whose
daughters driving me what girl is
driving a car so guys there it is we
have fulfilled my dad's dream to own a
new Corvette man and I I'm so emotional
today I am I'm so beside myself on how
this is all worked out I am so honored
to be able to do this for my father man
there's no amount of things that I can
do in my life to repay my dad for
everything he's done for me there's just
no item there is no amount of money
there is no real way to pay my dad back
but it felt so good to get this for my
dad man I honestly think it's gonna take
days it may take weeks for this all to
sink in even for myself to see my dad
with this and get to see him so you know
my mom today so my mom actually told her
off camera this morning I told her what
I was gonna do and I didn't film that
and I wish I did my mom's response was
so genuine she said my mom started to
tear up and the only thing she said was
I just can't wait to see your dad that
happy like that's what she thought like
all she cared about was seeing dad that
happy and that to me is just gold man
that is it's just it is so hard to find
people that fight for family man it
really is we have a lack of that in this
world right now we have to fight for our
family guys fight for them big or small
whether you are flat broke
or you are filthy rich family outweighs
ever
then keep your family so close to you
man it is all we have and I keep
reminding you guys this all the time but
look love your family man no matter who
you no matter who you got in your life
love them man because these are the
people are gonna be beside you in the
end man all your friends your best
friends it's so rare those people are
there in the end man when you're laying
on your final days
it's families all we got man I promise
you that it's a fight for them I'm gonna
leave you with that I am a little extra
emotional today this was something that
was not easy for me it was not easy for
any of us to pull this off this was a
big expense this was a big you know I
could have easily taken this money and
done a million things with it so to do
this for my dad was number one right now
I had to get I had to do that thank you
guys so much for the support not just to
me but to my family I bring you along
every day on my life I was there was a
huge part of me there was a huge part of
me that wasn't even in a film this
entire experience um but then there was
no way to explain why my dad has a
Corvette later in the vlogs and there
was other reasons too but thank you for
always showing you respect your support
your love to my family myself man I love
you guys thank you for everything what
is your dream car everybody has that car
like one day I'm gonna get that car man
and I promise you this you do what you
love and you will get that car you will
get that car do what you love first
though do what you love I freakin love
you guys man we will see you tomorrow we
have something against so cool planned I
don't even want to say a word about it
special guests will be at the house and
they are doing a massive stunt that's
all I'm gonna say thank you guys you're
beautiful smart also gotta say happy
birthday dad happy birthday man you are
just incredible I again I don't have
words to ever let you know how I really
feel and thank you for everything
Oh
Oh
three
