so welcome to the vlog guys we're
getting our day started literally right
now in this I got soaked in my eyes I'm
nah have you guys ever done this really
ready you gotta catch it
we're idiots let's start the wash
alright guys hope you are having a
phenomenal day man I hope it's great
time to shave Ollie do this uh not that
much actually too much but uh it's time
to bring oh geez I'm really not gonna
get used to this honestly it's it's just
and I have this crazy cowlick right here
look at the spiral mmm Tommy you ready
that made me beer dude oh look at that
hair ton of hair I'm thinking shaves and
you can never tell if you never know
when I shave and I was this hot wheel
explosion out here huh whoa what up dude
do you want to explain yourself to Zeus
do this did sous-sous you got some mix
did you do this Zeus all right I'll
catch up
come on go on ready hey flashy hey boy
how did how Biggie's getting guys I know
I see you mr. jealous ah all right guys
we got some plans that we're doing later
today but before we do there's something
that I really want to get done today it
requires doing stuff that I'm not good
at which is using tools to fix my
pinball machine if you watch this
channel that you know that this band has
broken again number two and apparently
that's not supposed to happen but it has
so the company sent me a bunch of bands
boom I'm gonna try to fix it now I know
that this doesn't interest probably
99.9% of you but I think this part will
you guys know I love my pinball machine
but this I'm not sure I've ever showed
you this
the brain of this pinball machine it's
absolutely insane
look at that look at that
all right this part makes me nervous
every time the sheet of glass jumped
into that Bank back it's the music it
takes for me to fix things bump pompe I
got to get into it all right guys this
say you know Todd's been over here while
I've been gone
where the rubber band is supposed to be
there's a reef systems coral farm
business card blocking it so that he
could still play that's what he's been
dying me cuz when you were outside or
something you know we're talking and he
was like don't tell your dad about I've
got the new one in here is the old one
out with the old in with the new baby I
played that last time you fixed this I
played with this for like an hour
Oh oh man if I drop this it would be so
bad all right guys a pinball machine is
fixed I will see in a few days it's been
a good hanging out with you I'll see you
soon Ricky's gonna run out with Jess and
get it we're having a birthday party
tonight for just his brother boom good
bye babe wait what kind do you want
wings
Zeus's had like an overwhelming amount
of energy the last couple days so today
I thought would be a good day come here
boy what I thought today would be a
great day to rig up the truck and go
horror with Zeus but with a GoPro so we
got just a little bit of time before we
got to go to the birthday party so I'm
gonna rig this up
dad will do it wait things new she's
ready huh you ready big go the batteries
flash still hasn't really caught on to
the RC think man he's really not with it
I love our seas what's the matter dude
you are warning did we just fill this up
to date already looks like a swamp he's
living the dream Michigan please this is
now gonna sleep for little days like
this will wear him out for days he'll be
ready in a couple days to go hard again
aren't you
alright we've survived another day look
at all these teeth marks dude look at
this a hole straight through the body
whoo
snap the GoPro right off no biggie
Kylie's bite marks - you got it I'll see
it yeah you you got it you got it more
speed more speed what you doing what you
doing boy huh whoa good job was perfect
oh you're getting good dude
look at curious flash he's getting into
it he's like that one's my size Oh
so guys while I'm home while I'm not on
tour I really am gonna be home I just
want to be home so expect a lot of home
things whatever we can do at home that's
probably what I'm gonna be trying to do
okay
got the help look I cleaned a little bit
while you were gone look at that what
the man of this house baby I'm the man
of this house you forgot to show my
breakfast that means you Britney's back
kids are ready we're headed out we're
going over to my brother's wife's
brother's birthday I said that purpose
whites brothers yeah Jessa's brother or
you could say my brother's
brother-in-law birthday that's three
bees in a row I can't do it brothers
brothers well I brothers
brother-in-law's birthday say that 25
hundred times fast oh boy oh boy my kids
have lost it
they've lost your minds be right back
okay you get some sleep I know you're
tired
all right see you guys in a minute give
me five she's getting really awesome and
brought me a smile more fanny pack on
tour I'm gonna try to rig it up on here
because I never have a place for my my
stuff oh my gosh that would be too
perfect that would be awesome right I
can do it we can get it there it's
almost too good and time this heading
over to my brother's house
hey what up dudes
well thank you guys doing yes fire
started guys
so Dallas what are you guys doing quick
question quick question what are you
gonna do if this all lights up you
didn't think of that did you you didn't
think of that did ya back here oh gosh
Oh some scratch me something bit me I'm
going down I'm going down tell my family
I love them
you guys gonna live out here tonight
just get to my brother's crazy place you
got this I showed you this in
yesterday's vlog is crazy parachute I
think it's crazy so here we are it is
just his brother's birthday his name's
Matt I don't know he's definitely been
in the vlogs but we don't see that side
of family too much so we will see him
tonight and we're just hanging out I
just got here Britt brought her giant
pink flamingos she's been ready to blow
up forever I thought it was bigger than
this it's gonna be big
there goes Kane with his sparklers so
where you're putting your sparkler what
you got going on here dude oh there goes
knowing the kids what's up dude happy
birthday give me five
boom how old are you now man before huh
killing for 34 yeah yeah you're older
than me how's the firework show coming
along here Matt he's lighting it up man
look at him
put it on did you do that
Oh Dan you squished his face well I know
what it said it said ma wait here we are
lighting fireworks Matt's birthday it's
his big day baby Wow
what's going on there I think the tip
went off and the rocket stayed in the
bottom I need it blow he made it yeah
man you are surviving out there actually
a sword but the thought of going down
made us work nice well let me know when
dinner's ready
we're all getting hungry out here sales
already made us proud cuz it's so big
hey you can sail the seas with that
thing yeah hold on we need our theme
first dad really wants us done the
million dollars come on right here
come here you go for it go for it go for
it you got you got 120 frames boy whoa
they're out of control guys everyone's
lost their mind wait are we gonna get
the flamingos
you distain she's gotta go across
without getting wet Oh going that way
where you go she's out here cut one she
see Brett hey you got a blowgun Oh
Amazon Queen blowgun oh that would be
awesome got one Oh what I would do to be
able to pop that from here oh I got a BB
gun you gotta throw it here you go whoa
that's amazing
Bret you gotta kill it oh they'll just
put off this ridiculous RC boat look at
this thing
it turned so fast ready here we go ready
here it goes oh I think awesome alright
if Kate Tom my man you guys ready all
ready here we go
alright Matt make a wish get it max good
doughnuts here we are hanging out at
Dale's it's Matt's birthday 34 man
that's me that's me next year you're
never hanging out a deal you are you
said that like - oh why don't you just
be my director Matt got to come as a
smile more sorta dance yeah anything you
want you took a whole bag dudes whole
bag there's no more inventory to service
thank you happy birthday buddy
nothing brings family together like a
big sugary cake but we got here Wow wait
it drops those out yeah I love these
things
you got the doubles cane
come here come spell something come out
here and swing them around whoo oh oh it
went out what is that I'm vlogging you
right now what point shoot ha ha there's
some funky camera that you light
hopefully don't come out of that little
lens yeah it sends you the digital
picture those are so cool yeah any
chance you get it close to my truck oh
you put it under it
alright guys long story short last night
I ended up losing my camera literally
losing my camera I looked for it forever
somehow it ended up under a box in the
garage I have no idea how it got there
but it's a mystery we never figured it
out I almost just didn't put an ending
on this vlog I was just gonna upload it
with the outro but I really can't
imagine these vlogs without my outro if
I just cut it off like randomly like
that's the end of the vlog what would
you guys say what would you guys do like
if it just cut off the end without an
outro it would be weird right
so here I am putting an outro on this
vlog I love you guys so much thank you
for all the shares yesterday you guys
put the vlogs everywhere and I am still
continuing to do follow spree it is
actually Twitter's weird now because I
have to click on your profile and then
hit follow it used to just have a follow
button on the side so now it takes
longer and I definitely didn't follow as
many people as I
want to so I will continue to just
follow people as I see these things
being shared you guys are amazing thank
you for everything don't feel like you
have to share these vlogs I just I
really appreciate when you do that all
being said I love you so much
thanks for hanging out you were
beautiful you're one of a kind stay
positive stay who you are be you don't
be them do it for you live for you you
guys are amazing man I will see you
tomorrow thanks for all the love and
support to me my family my friends thank
you I love you your beautiful smile
is that it yes okay I guess
