right there
hey guys welcome to the vlog first of
all the snow has finally melted off of
this thing I don't know my garage was so
cold the snow from the lake was still on
here look you can still see slush but
rinse across was like below freezing for
the last few days anyways I got this
planted I've been wanting to do
I mean wanted to do this for a long time
actually years and every time we get
snow there's never any on the roads we
don't get a whole lot of snow here and
last night it snowed just enough that I
think we got a parking lot for this if I
guess my door is open and dirty I think
this thing's probably dead oh my car is
completely dead nothing
the GTR has been sitting just about all
winter I haven't gotten out at all
except to jump it with this we might be
able to do this idea today let's get
this thing jumped up hey you got the
jumper box come on I like that you're
wearing your work attire today that's
great he's nice we need a jumper box
GTRs totally dead flat flat lining
should've bought a Chevy that's all we
need that's all we need one matter yeah
but we need one minutes that's plenty of
time
you ready let me do some tube dogging -
yeah we got buy goggles your size yeah
you got it that's fast but you ever seen
a motor like yeah yeah ain't no Chevy
ain't no Chevy boy
a scooter okay so if you've been
watching the channel for a long time
then you know I've been trying this for
years I've been wanting to get the GTR
into some snow just like a little bit of
a parking a lot it's all wheel drive and
yes you don't know so it's sure to have
pretty good
sliding potential I don't know I've
never done it but it is something I've
been wanting to do and I saw the parking
lot earlier this morning that was
completely snow so we're gonna go there
right now there's never anybody there
it's where we shoot a lot of things
actually yes there's Brian right there
it is perfect look at this whoo nobody
here not a single car it's like one
little ball watch just one little we
just spin instantly not the worst tires
for this honestly like you need some
little like treaded tires it's still fun
it's like being on ice fun yet scary you
couldn't pick the worst car to do this
in maybe the worst car I mean the car
it's amazing don't get me wrong but you
you're like sliding around and I ain't
closed parking lot with the GTR I mean
his trucks doing better than mine you
know cops will be called and I guarantee
it
cops caps like police five-oh it's it's
ice when I turn I just slow there's no
control I don't even know what to say
you know get the two out so the idea was
to not only test did you job I figure
out a way to put a tube on the back of
it there's zero hooks I mean zero hooks
the underneath is a straight skid plate
nothing to tie on to the trunk
we just tie it on the wing oh yeah
that's a good idea yeah just wrapping
around here done oh yeah these are these
are basically racing tire I mean they're
basically no traction at all which you
know I don't know how this is gonna come
about a lot of things we do we just
don't know what's gonna happen so just
go take it easy take it slow see what we
get just hop on in
just so we don't have a hook so
country's got to hold the rope and for
the sled you think you gonna really be
able to hold it all you give it to Brian
yeah so I don't know what kind of force
that's gonna be but it's gonna be pretty
yeah I mean I got one main goal and
that's to not hit anything it's a very
narrow narrow parking lot they got all
these like trees trimmed and like stuff
sticking out just stay right there
there's no air bag in the trunk but you
can just climb in and shut the doors
let's give this a shot all right guys
we're gonna give it my car so dad I'm
have to get a new battery
it's just sat for so long there we go
mr. slow see if I can even this says
trunk open I need it I need a camera
Mountain here that would be perfect okay
you guys ready nobody put an otter
I'm just guessing right now man you know
cuz I gotta fuck you ready back there
I think Britney just showed up
that's definitely Brit that's the truck
we need to pull right there hey what's
up what do you mean what am i doing
just a normal day huh it's safe
yo that's the truck we need to pull I
have zero traction literally zero yeah
here we go
okay see it's working
I need some run through the slightest
turn just throw this thing off Wheatley
it's crazy slick it does hook that I'm
in Auto and not manual the cars kind of
helped me think what try this done I
can't even get you sliding I'm in fourth
gear and I'm doing
Oh Oh
all right the tube the tubes not really
working it's super grippy so we just set
it aside actually it's like a bumper now
we're switching over to snow board which
Brian doesn't on a snowboard so he's
gonna sit on it I think he's just gonna
spin saw doors honestly like here we go
here we go oh this is gonna work a
little bit
Oh
right there oh I don't want to do this
huh I don't want to do this anymore oh
my heart stop dude if the camera is on
my face oh right there
we just slid all the way from that white
truck all the way from there to here
that was so scary a blue snow in here
dude I'm done no more with the GTR it's
scary
I'm backing down dude I can't I can't
hurt her there's no stopping it you just
slide even even when I prepare that last
one oh really like we got super close
but stop couldn't do anything I hate I
hit my brakes at Brian's truck and slid
all the way to that pile what's it look
like ridiculous yeah you wanna get in
okay dude my camera's all fogged out he
looked like you're canoeing mate that's
not a good thing
all right I'll see you in a few minutes
see that's the toy you need in the snow
right there that's that's built for fun
all right well the tubing was ok a
highlight for me going back to the house
we got our all washed up we actually
watched both of these Brian wash both
these today and then we got this trickle
charge and sofa lis we can revive that
battery the girls today are on a crazy
mission to get this basement we we
started this table we basically started
building our own gym in the basement and
that's what they have been working on
because the basement has been trashed oh
they got you on this they got you on
this they have me on I'm scared how
scared you come down here I'm really
it's here dude I'm die definitely don't
to feel it's kind of embarrassing how
destroyed our basement is what did you
just draw was that oh jeez Louise what
is this oh wait wait you Conrad Oh
screams my brother's kid always cried
when I looked at the tape Lego tape you
cry when I look at you I feel like
sometimes you just grab a measuring tape
and pretend like you're Lizzy like I
write this stuff down
but I'm putting in my phone wait what's
going on here so this company you had do
your furnace didn't even put your filter
beautiful I know they didn't even look
you up with a film it even finished so
we paid this company come out read you
all are you guys remember back this
summer our a see everything look they
didn't even close it all right here's
one opener that's why the upstairs is so
hot I don't like to complain or call you
know we make mistakes I don't like to
call anybody ah but that's a bad job and
that is a bad job she got here what is
it oh dude four push-ups for the
push-ups boy doesn't
I'm just gonna wear all day do it I dare
you see what how it looks like a
parachute so yeah that's what's going on
down here guys the base is still
unfinished we're gonna try hopefully
this week to actually get this finished
up right here this guy this guy all
roomed out alone until then it's just
mayhem you guys with me down here all
week aren't you work I know I already
tell by the way you're looking down huh
give me a blue bar my own blue bar that
is hole right there feel weak maybe
that's not me
it's pretty cool I like it very cool
yeah super cool okay so we've we've come
up from the basement and Britney found a
whole bunch of very old I mean most of
you probably I don't even know what
these tapes were what were these these
were these were like the big the cameras
filmed on these this is a Britney bday
party 1996 but look at this tape it goes
inside this VHS tape and then you can
watch it it's pretty cool I got a new
cameras probably new camera your parents
let's try it so we have come up and
everybody has left in my beautiful girls
awake baby what is that are you looking
at yourself Oh filming you who's that
that you that you baby flower flashy
y'all worn out come on let's watch these
movies come here Caine so be honest how
many of you honestly know what a VCR is
this is old-school this I mean this is
when we were kids this is all I had
right here well you'd borrow tapes from
my neighbor they had like walls
somewhere cuz you could just record off
TV right yeah met with a VCR used to be
able just like hit record I think that's
why they did away with it cuz you could
just steal everything anything on TV you
could just record on your VCR right I
remember something like that so people
would rent movies and then duplicate
them and then you could yeah I'm glad
she came to watch it sounds like it's
about to take off it's like
I know forehead forehead press blank be
kind rewind that's what you the tapes
used to say at the rental place
be kind where you want oh this looks
nice you got kickin that auto tracking
uh uh uh uh uh it's like some kind of
horror movie how's your mom it's
tracking you very watch a movie you were
to watch mommy when she's older than you
put in a different tape that one wasn't
working hopefully it's like Britney City
and hopefully it's not the adapter tape
that's the problem or maybe just the
really old VCR I don't play the other
one just fine so oh my god your backpack
is bigger than you are
you're so cute look Cora skills
look at that minivan there's mom oh
she's always hiding behind the camera
look at her oh my gosh it's Britt
playing in the road this is awesome did
you have a a bigger backpack you
couldn't take it's like you had your
sister
there's little britt is that a mole
you're so happy my parents had to
physically drag me to the bus stop I did
not like going to school you look so
happy you're like peace oh my god it
does look like it
I don't know Akane I don't know I can't
believe it's you cuz they were
hand-me-downs those are hand-me-downs
this is Veronica look close beyond your
oh well you guys know how you could
pinch like the skinny girl boy has no
feeling well Kane has just recently
discovered that and now can't feel that
it's crazy right you don't push-ups with
me you can't already did his today I
know he keeps doing before evens get to
him we're doing 14 today by the way so
we are about to knock out our push-up
challenge but first guys please please I
told you guys this last week that I was
gonna be posting trailers before these
vlogs go up each day a couple hours
before they go up I release a trailer
for that vlog so it's like a it's like a
it's it's a trailer you get to see a
little bit on the blog before it
actually goes up please go follow me on
my Chi's account I put these up every
single day I've been having a lot of fun
with it and those of you that have come
over and checked it out have really
really seemed to love it so I want to
keep this going I want to make it lots
of fun and also we record videos on
there that really aren't on the blog so
it's a little bit bonus really for those
of you that really want to see us each
day do more than just the vlog so that
being said this is my ale to show you
guys right now since you don't believe
me this is uh this is my cheese account
and I upload video
literally that aren't in the vlogs and
also vlog trailer so every single day
there's a new trailer
oh let me turn that oh god I turn it off
so imagine imagine the vlog hasn't went
up yet and it's like two hours before it
goes up but you get a trailer of what
the vlog might be so like boom you get
these cool trailers I don't know oh gosh
we just got blurry I want it to just be
a cool place the apps free it's totally
free go check it out I'll put the link
in the top of descriptions for iPhones
for Android and follow us tell me what
you think about the trailers around a
lot of fun with that so that being said
down live top link in my description and
let's go do our push-ups let's go 14
today you guys - you're coming with me
14 bring you in okay you're gonna film
it for us your camera guy during the
push ups cos can always does his
push-ups before we get our stuff there
you go here you go take a cam little man
yeah it's already recording in case you
guys don't know we add one push up a day
and we challenge you guys to do it with
us maybe it's not even a push up maybe
it's a sit-up and you don't have to
start where we started we started at two
n you can start it one if you want to
start today you have to do two tomorrow
then three then four but we're at 14
right now so join me let's go yeah 1 2 3
4 5
I didn't wanna find modified that's fine
do what you can join us on those guys
it's something that we want to do not
only as a family but with you and your
family maybe your friends whoever wants
to join in I think it's great gives you
a little bit of boost of energy you do
push-ups and then you're like I want to
go yeah and maybe maybe push-ups aren't
your thing just just add one thing to
something you can do it makes you feel a
little better so let's keep it going
boys
it's so weird watching looking at Cain
now after watching mommy when she was
your age 6
yeah nah I think all that being said
we're gonna call it a day guys thanks so
much for hanging out the tubing wasn't
as crazy as I thought it would be but it
was definitely fun to get the car out
play around a little bit get it washed
with her safely back in the cross I'm
not gonna lie I was terrified of that I
did not like sliding in that car because
it's there's nothing you when you're
sliding there's nothing you can do it's
out of your hands and I don't know I
don't I'm glad it's encouraged
we love you guys so much I can't even
believe the streak is really we really
have a true logging street right now
we're daily vloggers right now we're
daily vloggers right now this is 62
blogs in a row I believe which hey
that's huge for us so we love you guys
so much thanks for sticking out with us
thanks for being here during the boring
during the exciting during the whiny
during the cry during the poop we'll see
you guys tomorrow you are beautiful you
you are one-of-a-kind
you guys are too we love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow you're beautiful you
want to again
you
