guys welcome to the vlog hope you are
having a great day a perfect day the
best day your lives today both the kids
are watching all applause look at this
dude these are oh that was so fun
these are st. Thomas vlogs I haven't
seen oh my gosh look at Kane he's chubby
I don't know how you guys just came
across these laws that they're all vlogs
good morning beautiful girl Oh welcome
guys welcome to the vlog we are hanging
out right now the kids are watched
somehow watching really old vlogs those
are st. Thomas vlogs are out of here no
you come with me let's do it be right
back okay
ow dang it Cana hurts not so hard ah I'd
be mad if you left that muscle you Raven
are you done and he said no I mean I'm
leaving around for a week or two that's
like the thing we say at this house when
somebody leaves something out I mean no
one left our biscuits gravy out Brittany
says are you guys done that's like what
we say if you leave something on the
table are you done with that it's so
irritating when I hear it come out of
our little mouth
and then she wears that little sweet
shirt then I can't be mad at her tell me
all this a couple things we got to do
today right off the bat and here's
here's our tour stuff we have to go
through this today this is this is
things that people gave us on tour from
magnets to gifts for the dogs to this
awesome box that a family brought to
pictures paintings for the smile more so
we're gonna go through that today
another thing is my garages are just
destroyed guys let me give you a better
example this is the one that really
really needs it
this is the garage and the kind of
things that I would normally do off
camera but I always hear you guys say
just film your day so today I'm gonna do
a little bit of things that I wouldn't
do on camera and things that I would do
on camera so here we go this garage is
an absolute disaster all the business
things I've been doing with all the
travel with the tour everything I've
been doing I really haven't got to do
things that humans get to do like clean
their garage and take care of their
house so today I'm gonna do just that
so my man knowing I was gonna run out
get some things we need maybe some
tables maybe some organization I don't
know I think deep down inside every man
wants his garage look nice feel nice be
organized but it's just difficult every
garage I've ever owned usually just gets
filled with junk build to the roof with
that John so I'm gonna try to keep this
one nice but
other than a little bit of rain we have
had beautiful weather in Ohio man my
yard is finally not mud like all mud you
can walk in it you can ride in it it's
been fun lately ain't bad news guys this
this work it's serious um know what you
put Pokemon go on my phone that's right
on my phone
he put Pokemon girl still to this date
have not played it have not played it
ones I'm scared to like I will get I
don't want I don't like things that I
get it like hooked onto I I try to avoid
anything that's gonna take time from
what we already do like we don't already
have a limited time I like your type no
you're let's have a guy that gets
addicted on this type of game maybe if
you play on if I give it a try I've
avoided up to this point but you put it
on my phone now to be so easy to just
click on it go are you guys still
playing book is it still as popular as
it was is Pokemon yo still a worldwide
phenomenon I mean I walk around people
are literally everywhere playing it's
unbelievable good for them Wow okay
let's do this what do we leave we
definitely need a hose another hose to
leave this don't hurt them just squirt
them it's a sprinkler that turns on when
something gets near it
hello it's lace people think everything
and they think of everything dude I was
just literally going to explain to you
that when we were kids we used to take
these with the handles right here and we
fill it up with water and plant it but
you fill it with ice and then you see
how long you consider yeah this would be
perfect
sup man oh my gosh good little bathtub
we get a wicked dig a hole in the ground
have an inground in-ground pool hey
we'll do some kind of contest in this
thing fill it with ice water or
something I'm terrible at that stuff
when me and Dale we're kids do we had so
much fun in these I think they were a
little bigger than this stuff but we
feel it like ice or apples and then you
have to Bob for apples like go under and
fine
that's way easier to get around like
this tick whoa
take me to our 32
all right we got some tables we got some
shelves we got some buckets we got some
things that we need well awesome that
green is on that truck whoa
all right guys we're driving home I had
no intentions of doing this but Chinese
food hit my mind and it hit me like a
wall of bricks now all I want is Chinese
you're gonna join me in two weeks go sit
or should I get it to go I'm getting I'm
craving your hunger at all
I thought when you walk anybody hungry
I met Chinese for you guys in the
Chinese probably my favorite food the
Lana American Chinese food over in China
I realized I wasn't that big a fan of
Chinese our Chinese food is like
Americanized Chinese food it's just
sweet and we're in big trouble guys I
just caught a while piggy is it a Pidgey
Pidgey so I just asked no how do you
play this game I pulled it up and there
was a Pidgey here sit on the table and I
got it right there boom Oh
food coma we stood up we still got the
best part dude fortune cookie mine says
the work will teach you how to do it the
work will teach you how to do it
that's deep brother that's deep take
that luxury way what you spent will get
paid back let me say who write to you
yeah my one who comes up with these so
now I'm back and I actually got to do
something man this is the part you guys
thought it was just gonna be me cleaning
today this is a challenge video this is
kids get your room clean parents clean
them kitchen drawers out that you can't
even open or close I know you got that
drawer everybody's got that drawer go to
the pool I should know says get to the
photo sector y'all this is a challenge
video I challenge you to clean something
man we all got crap to clean man always
I got a giant bag of parts to fix my
ridiculously fast RC car in case you
missed that video I blew the back wheel
off completely I have the parts to fix
it now so that's gonna uh I'm not
running real fast
you coming let's do it what are you
doing organization clean and it's clean
and we have air protection what was that
I smell all right gang I got so much
candy
you want to help me clean ah whoa geez
Izu switch you got a little necklace
today all right I got my little team
with me knowing Kings gonna help me out
and instead of plan today like we all
want to do no one's gonna swim we're
gonna get some work done and it needs
done things need done I've been gone
I've been gone too long we just got to
get caught up a little bit so I'll start
I'll start pulling stuff out and then
you power wash it is that cool look at
shadows dude he caught a bird know what
kind of bird
we've been past a little bit of time
I've got the garage pretty much emptied
out sweeping it it's disgusting
we got Zeus's pool blown up yeah he's
even got his own raft is he using it
you're using it lay on it sit like a
bridge go crossed do it do it
all right huh sir Humby it's so hot I'm
beat
I told Britt she can spray me with the
power washer I can spray her so let's do
it
is it it okay I can't fucking what you
gotta spray me my camera's drenched
completely wet yeah it got so hot today
written about to spray me we always you
guys know us we always goof off man we
all on camera off camera we're always
being silly we're having fun we're being
kids I do challenge you as parents as
kids do it make it a family activity
clean it together make it a group effort
man it feels so good I promise you when
you're done cleaning whatever you've
been neglecting whatever you've been
procrastinating to clean whatever it is
clean it make it a fun make it a fun
thing to do together man crank some
music up have some fun challenging you
you have one week I'll give you a week
to clean it whatever it is your rooms
your basement your garage your car
whatever it is I'll give you a week
it burns who needs a pool and you got a
power washer holy cow this camera pool
hahaha you did better than I did good I
feel awake time to say goodbye to the
pool for today the swamp pool here's
where we're at guys I feel pretty
accomplished today to be honest we got a
little shelf up with some toys we got
the RCS we've got everything power
washed and cleaned we need to order your
bike big time
ever since fousey rolled this on its
side it is steering funny now it's
pulling to one direction I don't even
see how that's possible maybe maybe
something shifted I don't know so yeah
that needs fixed now so that is my work
today man I feel accomplished this thing
was so filthy ended up power washing the
whole floor it still looks filthy but
yeah because if you guys remember this
used to have a wall right here and they
had to pull it out
when they pulled it out they pushed all
the blocks onto this concrete scraping
it and breaking cracks and dents and
yeah it's whatever that's concrete what
are you gonna do we should have somebody
come airbrush a whole small more wall on
that back wall we're even fine something
like that there anybody in Columbus can
do a serious mural like a big smile more
marrow right there I would be I would
love that these guys you know mmm
your little your little muddy river okay
you guys are down we have some gifts
from tour that we could go through we've
kind of warped into the night a little
bit they've got showers they're all
cleaned up
you guys won't go through some tour
stuff yeah
can you wanna go through some tour stuff
banana man I would say the kids born out
today
it's official success chi-ching million
t2m torta do you want go to todo todo
quit ripping your nails off it's a heavy
one it's me Alan hey it's me Alan
somebody brought this for you now what
on your head this is like what the heck
black flashes like I got it
I like squid I like scuba it easy flash
easy this this whole box is from one
family and we haven't even opened it the
tapes almost open so we're gonna go
through some of the tour stuff guys this
is the stuff I have with me right now
usually Steve Pablo ships me everything
it takes a little time to get here so
this is what we have so far
you open up by yourself multi-ball
dude this is the whole box of treats no
I think it's cuz he said on the tour bus
with junk and they brought all this
alright let's open the Roman box now
this is stuff that's collected during
tour that fits in the box and we brought
home where do we go yeah I know
oh so this week everybody that made
paintings like this will be added to our
smile more store wall
he's like anything in there for me are
you digging here for me yeah a whole
pillow dude Wow look at that wow what is
that just what you need a thousand more
cars oh I know what that is let me see
it might have came out somebody gave
this to me on tour and you plug it into
your phone I don't think that was
supposed to come out but that's how you
get selfies with your dog so it sticks
into your phone and then they looked at
the ball just like that
look so you get them to look at the
camera click heading where you go that's
some t-bones oh yeah somebody brought
you that from Detroit
yeah that's some more artwork very cool
straight up your artwork is sometimes my
favorite things because we get to add it
to our smart store and eventually I
don't want to see any of the wall I want
it to be saw me to smile more artwork I
think it'd be so hard just like an
actual bag I know somebody made that or
via somebody put that whole book
together all our pictures and somebody
brought this check this out you guys
know how much Brittany likes pizza this
is an entire gummy pizza Tommy it's all
gummies is that awesome or what
that's awesome look at this Zeus a giant
ball let me open it are you gonna open
it all right lots of yeah lots of cities
brought lots of cities breath around oh
my gosh it is hilarious dude it's a
completely edible pizza gummy these are
magnets and it's smile more for our
refrigerators outside they're magnets
guys nice yeah so that's all I have with
me that's what was able to be brought in
home with us guys if you if you did
bring something to us on tour we will be
getting that in the mail shortly so
thank you guys so so very much this is
always amazing to see you guys brain
stuffing okay what would you rather have
I'm ask you this would you rather go to
bed early and be allowed to watch a
movie or go to bed later with nothing go
to bed later
really I mean like if it you all love
the nut job that is such a good man love
that no I'm saying like that's your two
options like you stay up later do you
but you go to bed lights off bedtime or
you go to your room early and you get to
watch a movie 100% every night I rather
stay up late all right where you go what
would you guys do to me I guess it
depends on my mood
oh good burger that's such a good such a
good movie good burger dance a classic
we are getting into that time and night
with kids going to bed and yeah yeah
yeah thanks for all your help today
buddy thank you I love fun mmm oh very
seen this one look at my little boy hi I
love you what if you lay down and watch
through the hole so I made the kids a
deal tonight that they go to bed early
but they can have a movie in their room
this is never happens so watching a
movie basically they're not actually
gone I know give me five little man we
got some tired pups so here is me and
little Britney's plan tonight we are
kids bed early not too bad they're just
in their rooms and we are gonna sit back
and watch a movie
oh come on no you guys are supposed to
be tired too is I'm trying to keep on
the wake-sleep drop it oh yeah up here
that being said it's the end of our vlog
and for the end of this vlog I have a
favor to ask you guys we are climbing on
this channel at a speed like no other
even my main channel that I've neglected
and not uploaded forever we are I think
we're going to pass it like literally in
the next few months we're gonna pass it
we may even beat it to 10 million at
this pace so I'm asking you today as a
favor you don't have to don't feel like
you have
to share your favorite blog post your
favorite vlog out there in the internet
world my dog's going crazy
post your favorite vlog say hey guys
check out this blog check out rolling
out with whatever you can do for me I
think we can beat the main channel of 10
million with your help and obviously
can't do it without you so thank you in
advance
anybody that's sharing it I see I'm
gonna be following you guys I'm gonna do
a follow spree tomorrow so hit it and I
will hit you think I hate asking that
question but please go Sheriff well go
share your favorite vlog I've ever made
share this vlog whatever you would like
just get the word out there let's get to
10 million that's what I'm asking for
thank you guys for everything we will
see you tomorrow thanks for hanging out
with my family
and the crazy dogs and the crazy girl
whoa we've seen mom your beautiful smile
mwah
summer is coming to an end that's right
I'm doing this good I went too far
forward that's so fun now here we go
Conrad's on Oh didn't even make the jump
