good morning to the best family on
YouTube I think that could be a new like
that's original you guys know I guess
could be our new thing guys welcome to
the vlog welcome back home we're home
they were in Ohio we are back and I have
like two weeks off to just be home it's
family time it's vlog time it's kid
playing games time it's it's it's
whatever we want to do man it's just us
so oh yeah I got you I'm sorry I left
you hanging what'd you say nothing I
surprised first of all guys thanks for
coming back home thanks for going on
tour with me and and thank you for the
overwhelming support on letting me take
two days off I asked you guys on Twitter
I shouldn't ask I told you guys I was
taking two days off and the support was
overwhelming
it was unbelievable you guys are
absolutely the best thank you so let's
get today started let's have some fun
we've had a tennis ball explosion in the
house are you sleepy flash are you
sleepy vision of what to say say it we
all know you can talk just do it so you
know when you like leave for vacation it
feels so nice to get like somewhere new
and it's nice to take a break but then
coming home feels so much better kind of
feel like that with the blogs like it
was icing in two days off but now I'm
like excited I'm I'm gonna take them and
I take them with me it feels good to be
back I think it's what I mean to say see
ya guys it's back home baby it's back
home it's family time
so where should we start I have a bunch
of things that I want to do today one is
just look at this just just open that up
just not just do it oh hey oh it kind of
looks like a monster it looks great a
monster it hasn't fallen off the bone
yet don't tell me what this is because
right now it looks like the brain of a
cow or something
it's pork roast pork roast so it'll be
pulled pork barbecued pulled pork I make
my own barbecue sauce hope you guys have
had an incredible week day morning night
whatever time it is if it hasn't been
great let's start fresh right now I
always say it lavage seriously set it
aside
for the next 10 15 minutes let's have
some fun together and hope look look
dude I think he's getting it slowly he's
either gonna uh he's either gonna eat
the machine or he's gonna figure it out
oh yeah it's dead
he's coming outside with me anybody
don't got anybody not me are you all
right hit me with the shorts oh yeah
soon as I'm done with lunch all right
all right see you out there I'm gonna
miss everybody lady I have two people
that want to go I do loosen foot Zeus
come on buddy I got you I know you'll
come with me flashes out it feels so
good to be back guys man I really miss
you I really miss blogging but it was
something that I needed so bad man I
need to shut down for a minute with my
kids and my family just felt so right
felt so good so one of the things I have
to do today this is a boner man you guys
know I just bought this a few days ago
two brand new see our f150 absolutely
love the bike but it won't run the bike
will not run we have tried everything we
have done everything we have researched
the bike we understand the bike it will
not run so Honda asked me to bring it
back in they're gonna take a look at it
I don't know what else to do it just
will not run we were able to do like
three laps around the yard and it just
keeps going how you suppose you and I
get that giant bike in that truck what
Zeus said oh yeah so we gotta get it we
pretty big good oh you think you could
do it
alright put it in the truck for me you
can get on it about that okay so how are
we gonna get in the truck we'll wait I
got it
if I can just get enough speed I can hit
the ramp land it in the bed of the truck
yeah I know you guys are like do it do
it do it
what if you move this one and move that
one over and back the truck up to that
ramp measure how tall on is to the bed
of the truck
oh that's a good idea actually I bet the
bed of the truck will go right up to it
Brits backing uh she's hit the
basketball OOP you got it watch the
basketball you got it straight back from
here straight Hey yeah you know you got
it straight back yeah head right
straight back right for the ramp
keep going you got she's good at this
thing there's a tree in the car
go forward just an inch like an inch
nailed it perfect you it running
that's great
no I don't think I can but I can get it
up the ramp I can get it up Caleb I need
your help on me I need your help
what's up guys how's everything going to
smile more store honey I need to steal
your boy we gotta get this dirt bike
left in the truck
look at this garage honey it's a mess
that's what I'm doing I'm gonna clean it
all up
good go on the ramp baby that's perfect
yeah all the slips like a glove I'm good
job guys
are you taking it back right now are you
taking the kids taking you you're eating
me yeah hey um do they have pink dirt
bikes cuz then maybe I might go have
what pink dirt bikes nope you yet you
guys would probably want to see me right
it hurt right but I will never ever hit
on underbite no be fun then I do try and
get on canes and I was ran into your car
something mission complete
let's get it I got the bike in the truck
dude I ramped it yeah I went full speed
and I hit it I ramped off the roof of
the building into the truck you totally
missed it
we're taking this bike back the kids
ended up wanting to stay back at the
store with everybody and we are you know
Britney sad like truce or she says your
hair doesn't look that bad
no she said that with your all it looks
bad bad I think so you know that's a you
know when you have a girl that loves you
and no matter what you look like she
says looks good
it's bad it's keyword like a changeup oh
you got the new room like the new model
I like the 2016 rotation you guys I do
need to fix it it's buzzing thing just
in case any of you missed it I got my
head shaved off on tour and I'm not that
not happy about it to be honest but it
will grow back it's not the end of the
world is fine there's more things to
worry about like I'm not mad about it I
just not happy that I will tell you this
I woke up late for tour one night my
hotel room was ringing I'm like oh my
god I'm so late I still got to do my
hair
I forgot that my head was shaved some
ahead of perk be ashamed night hey you
no longer have to do it everyone's gonna
make fun of me so bad right now because
you all like the are is the model to get
right but I don't race I don't rate dirt
bikes and then I see they see our F with
the kickstand and everyone's like why do
you need a kickstand he was like why do
you need a kick Center has the triangle
kickstand no dude I'm halfway in my yard
and my kids doing something I need to
help my kid you can't if you can't set
it like what do I do
do you like Jersey does just dump it ha
ha ha I bought the wrong bike dude this
is the CRF n has a push button start and
again state it's half the price and it's
half the price I should've known you
know I just got I just got my butt
kicked we should adopt more or should I
just jump the guy was like dude this is
the one I want to race bike no CRF
what you're talking about you should
never assume I know what I'm talking
about her you guys know that what I
would like be on this on the side like
with my leg under on the stop anything
right nope some guys might remember last
week or the week before Brittany had to
take her car in for a whole bunch of
maintenance something was kind of
falling apart weak it is done so I'm
taking her there right now to get that
you get your car back on my break so I'm
gonna drop her off there we are making
some type of exchange for the our race
bike into the F which is gonna be way
more logical for me I can just get on it
push your button it'll start and I'll
have fun that is what I need see you
soon baby girl all right should I just
come up with something new
no yeah here is the new dirt bike I got
the F it's got the kickstand it's got
the push button start this is what I
needed
boom boom sounds totally different than
that race bike but I don't care
this is more this is more for me right
here
yes
this feels right this feels so much
better man
hi buddy what's up dude fish
what up dudes you ready to chase me now
you guys are ready you ready
one button Wow that's better
so easy you ready read it I would crash
so hard and you need a helmet on
I bought a helmet at the store okay yeah
bring it all the way up bring it all the
way up hard oh dude it's not gonna be
long his feet are like that far from me
I don't ride this without training
wheels he can already ride it touch his
feet can't touch the ground you started
it you did it by yourself yeah and I
missed it I might have got it can't just
start his dirtbike by himself I'm so
happy I went with the F guys this is
totally me um not nearly as much power
as the are but I don't think I really
need that much Paris really just to play
with the kids cruise around the yard um
I don't know I just feel like this is my
bike I just got a helmet today too you
want to see it oh do you like it try it
on try it on it should be too big for
you yeah mr. bobblehead
so run over my brother's tonight we will
swimming a little eating eating this
port sounds oh my gosh I have some like
no can kick started his dirtbike by
himself really yeah hmm he's getting so
big on his mama hey wait for me wait for
me wait just one bite I have two can i
he's that
I'm taking all this bull ma'am
saving a spot for the dogs oh there it
is
you did it he can start it now let's go
I'll see you in a second
hahahaha now this this is pretty awesome
man
really it looks nice it's like all clean
so we're gonna bounce over a number
let's have some fun
hang out there oh you know what we need
she take that boogie board where's that
at
first pull we can go across run from the
ground
all right we're warping over to my bro's
house subdued pool looks nice knowing
kids are down there
he gets his concrete down this week or
you know I've decided against the
concrete I'm just going dirt just dirt
so helps the filters man it cleans the
filters up kids are about to go swimming
we're about to eat a bunch of food oh we
got here some baked potatoes Jess ready
for this pork hmm I gotta go out and
show you something Dale did should I
take them out strong so all right we go
before I take you down and show you this
thing Dale bill look at how nice this
pool is man that looks so fun you know
why I look so fun because it is we even
brought the boogie board which I thought
would be perfect is this pools level
with the ground so you can make a
running start and see how far who can
make it the furthest on the board we
gotta make a pass so you don't get dirt
in the pool though yeah
there you are crazy can you get up there
look look it okay look at this rig my
brother made that is a real parachute
like an army parachute of some sort he
tied it up all the way around the yard
look how many ropes is holding this
thing and you can get on it and you can
lay on it and jump on it and play on it
and then there's a rope going all the
way up the center to that tree okay here
we go
I don't know about this one I can just
jump up here we go oh I just hit the
ground Oliver
oh I'm really not entirely sure of the
purpose of it go go go that was pretty
cool though uncle Dale's crazy whoa
I'll give him the unique award that's
for sure I've never seen this done look
how many ropes dude he made an entire
video about it on his channel check it
out I think it's so cool I don't know
what you do with it or why you have it
but that's kind of what we do around
here so what's the main explanation
behind this I mean like if you had like
yeah dude put a parachute me backyard
what's the what's the cover in storms
fun for kids hammock for like 24 people
I just jumped out it was straight to my
back dude like all the way all the way
I haven't tightened it in a long time
how long did this take from start to
finish seriously hey so like I was like
it probably took me like an hour and a
half I'll go down there to start tying
stuff up and it was like two two full
days oh my god hi and he also said it's
a thousand feet of rope a thousand feet
of rope ah you crazy I thought it'd be
so much easier
dude uncle Dale's got some cool stuff in
his yard huh how fast you went up there
I feel like I remember when you could
even do it no no this is gonna be so
awesome when it's done man all this nice
concrete ahh everybody's making me wanna
have a pool guys this is terrible
terrible mind hey who wants to do the
boogie board challenge I'm getting in we
got to build a runway a runway
what you say my dirts not good enough I
don't want get dirt in the pool thanks
Robin
I'm just thinking at you bro give me
three purse scissors no no no hope you
guys are using your summer wisely it's
starting it dark early which means
summer is coming to an end that's right
I'm doing this I went too far forward
that's so fun now
oh here we go
Conrad's on Oh didn't even make the jump
forward a little forward put a little
weight forward there you go nice you
were surfing dude you were surfing okay
all right here I go the pool water is
warmer than the air right now just so
good that was your last blast whoa go
for it little buddy you trying to dance
on there for the record all the way
across ah rocket speed
come on let's go up the stairs it's
freaking freezing mr. bigglesworth hi I
like your purple are you talking about
Rick OS mom or board shorts smart board
shorts good yeah
so cold into that pool I can't see
going on a trip and our favorite rocket
ship oh that was awesome that was
awesome ah man about time you guys got
here
ha ha ha who's that alright guys we are
wrapping up our night it is absolutely
beautiful outside you guys need to go
potty guys we are completely wrapping up
our night we just warped home and you
have to drive the new dirt is so much
fun time I just got to give a huge
thanks to Detroit I know I didn't put
you in the vlogs I'm gonna do it right
now here is Detroit
absolutely wild night there in Detroit
man you guys are lit that's the word the
young people are using right now let
that's let that show is lit wow I feel
so old
yo that show is how I feed my eel that
was hot
thanks for hanging out with us that is
our day thanks for the support thanks
for the love thank you for letting us
take a couple days off without
hesitation you guys just filled it with
love man I tweeted and you guys just
just hit me with nothing but love so
thank you guys for that it means the
world we will see you back here tomorrow
and Saturday fun day sir that's the same
only one who's play oh oh oh flash is
getting faster I'll run wrong wrong
wrong wrong wrong that's so scary
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
don't forget how important you are guys
you can do anything you want to do don't
let nobody tell you you can't just
because they couldn't do it we love you
guys hey beautiful you're one of a kind
smile do exactly what my shirts
I'm the man
