that is a huge whoa guys welcome to the
vlog we are hours away from our live
show in Columbus but before we do that
we are ready to feed the eel whoa fire
if you are sensitive to nature and the
way they eat I would just get past this
part we're going to try to capture the
eel eating live on camera he is right
here you can see his body in it when's
the last time you ate a month ago yeah
he is easy listen we're only doing this
right now because we're gonna get him to
eat once we get him to eat we can fake
him out with other stuff like frozen
shrimp Oh God so the goal let's try to
get him to eat something oh he's out
Todd he's out no he's out he never comes
out you see him up here look all right
oh I just went back in there yes you see
him you know that's a dog toy right did
you wash it ah he's looking at it he's
about to strike dude
god he got it dang it is a vicious cycle
of life in this ocean oh that's cool
that a new hat I've even seen these yet
these are the brand-new ones they're not
out yet uh uh we have a little rule
around here we do not release those hats
until all our orders are caught up which
we are working night and day on
everybody's working when those are
caught up we will release these
brand-new hats
yeah oh my car is here
all right Zeus is almost Showtime man
it's almost Showtime buddy
you about ready yeah yeah yeah huh
tell me I'm not just like I'm from Ohio
like with the rip blue jeans the trucker
hat a tight shirt I don't know I mean
I'm from Ohio DJ just showed up to pick
us up take us to the venue Columbus here
we go I'm taking my big man Noah and his
buddy Owen you guys come with me you
ready yeah dude visit that's army toys
oh you kiss no soldier gets left behind
price you got all them toys right there
you're trying to eat our army guys hey
I'm crawling in it I'm crawling in I'm
gonna win Ohio today okay okay all right
words my honor
see that's why I asked you what what's
going on oh I have to do it we don't
have to do anything but I'm blue team
Roman he's red or Brittany's wearing
look I know she's always in red red
smile
yeah come on blue hot red hands got red
hair bra
I'll see you soon buddy love you
you guys ready so here we go we're on
the move there's downtown Columbus feels
good to be home and I actually just
found out that tonight after the show
we're not going straight to Detroit
we're going home and sleeping waking up
early and going to Detroit so that's
kind of a plus I think what you doing
Owen you got something to say pal it's
gonna be a fun night man I'm excited I'm
ready to beat you in your hometown
uh-huh I'm so confident tonight I'm
actually excited tonight because Noah
will be for the first time ever
experience what I do when I'm away and
you see in the vlogs you've seen you
watch the blogs but you don't get to
experience the feeling here's the cool
part you guys get to just chill and hang
out and have fun and play around this
venue try on our coats whatever you want
to do and that's Owen in on surgery and
when while you have a meeting great you
guys just get to plan your I policy
whatever you want goof off no just stop
dude food snacks fruit drinks Gatorade
waters whatever you want come in here
and get it I'm super super happy you're
here first of all second I got my meet
and greet so you guys hang out play your
games
there's food drinks these guys are
awesome they'll take care of you and
I'll be right back tonight is so special
not just because I got honesty too with
me my entire family's here everyone mom
dad brother sister kids my kids Brittney
grandma you name it fishtank todd
everyone from the blogs is here it's
nice no pressure on me no friends no
pressure on me no pretty pretty but it's
very special neither one of the
commercial guys are here so but
probably every time we learn huh you
guys know how late we are by the shade
of his face while you're so angry this
is gonna I'm used to holding my camera
in my face it's normal but it's always
weird for me when there's another camera
in my face
it's strange especially when you can't
see the person's face that's running the
camera it's strange
no matter right like I'm not an accurate
yeah I'm like yeah I'm always got to
turn it on
all right straight up my first man it
walks through the door brings the smile
more store a floor mat that he made
himself you know how much we actually
need something like this like this is
awesome dude thanks so much man I love
what's your name Robert Robert big time
long time viewer thank you man so much
so much love it's his birthday Mitch
happy birthday Jay it just keeps getting
better I'm from Colorado and it came out
of a just a friend
hey wait you came from Colorado yeah how
FAR's that right yeah you guys flew do
you know we'll be in Colorado in two
weeks
oh man kidding I'm kidding hahaha I want
to give a shout out to all my friends
who watch oh oh it's nice I'm keeping
track tonight because it's been already
crazy these guys just drove 13 hours to
get to this show so you guys hold the
record so far tonight that's a long way
man yes the longest we had a six-hour
was before you so come I want to shout
out my
nephew Colton and my friend Nathan Cody
and Kenny that's nice dude awesome ue5
Brandon Kimmel Brendan Kenny
Brandon Kimball happy birthday buddy
your friend hooked it up I graduated
early the whole reason I did it was
Kemal more ah awesome look at this hat
whoo yeah I didn't even know they came I
guys know I create I'm kidding all right
so you took a 13 hour flight from where
Singapore Singapore to Florida um Europe
to Europe yeah from Europe you flew to
Florida yeah from Florida you came here
yes for this yes you got the record
tonight I don't think anybody's gonna be
tattooed that's a long way I'd like to
give a shout out to my neighbor Matthew
and smile more booms I would like to
give a shout out to Lauren awesome I saw
how would your brother all right
my brother is 16 and I told him that I
didn't bring the picture that he made
for ruminant pussy and rumors about to
sign it right now so Julie or another
thing forgot this which is gonna break
his heart but really he brought it and
we're gonna sign it so this is for you
my man let me sign it
hi honey I'm gonna give a shout out to
Jeffrey my brother for introducing me to
Roman and my mom for letting me come
thank you so much I love you
I'm gonna take your brother too and
thanks mom to let me come let me tell
you a funny story about this I love this
picture so much money my parent my
family's like I look at this he blew it
up somebody swapped all of our faces at
the Christmas party dude look again dude
no wonder my mom and dad hate this
that's a wrap on a meet up and there is
no lack of love tonight look at all that
awesome what can I have some almost all
of what I got says please don't let foo
see touch oh serious what if I win
tonight but maybe Nate was waving at
everybody else there's my boy give me
five
you really blew in that's what you yo
mama how are you good awesome oh it's
hot up here is any air watch an awesome
picture man let me get it
daily Conner no and Owen yeah that's
awesome what's going on in here you guys
having fun oh hey buddy team blue I love
it whose team fuzzy team fuzzy tonight
better not be hey you still went out on
stage with me oh I love it man he's
brave it's me fun oh don't bother us in
the bathroom together oh no no it's show
time guys ready yep have fun out there
huh can you like my outfit all right
let's do it guys I love you buddy thank
you guys for coming
so tonight it's the part of the show
where I usually come out my gift I give
a speech and I do similar I try to
motivate you guys and push you to do
better in life when we come the better
version of yourself every single day but
tonight we're at home or in Columbus I'd
like to do something I've never done at
any show ever
and that's bring out one of my
superheroes
ah pretty cool huh this is what that is
doing while you're wondering what I'm
done
so what Mel was out here I thought it'd
only be fair if I bring out two of my
angels
you guys really come on eat shake it is
it yeah let's give it up
yeah he told me all night he was walking
out tonight you need any thanks what I
came up with literally backstage I put
my family through a lot of crap all the
time it's what I do
it's what I'm good at but tonight
backstage I said well working my family
due to me out here so I got some plies
man I got some high
we went all in shaving cream by the way
not pie and now you have to step down a
little bit what do you mean she's been
waiting for this
I can't hear anything
I'm just gonna keep your heads up before
the tour let me tell you a quick story
before this tour started I went over to
my man John's who cuts my hair and
that's real time through his illness
building right now and he said if that
guy touches your hair I'm going to pin
him down and wax his eyebrows sorry
I need many broad can you guys leave are
you okay
I gotta fix it now
oh my god
wait what wait wait you have a mohawk
inside of your head no it's gone that's
gone oh yeah he's got you guys closer
together that's a true connection of
love
we shaved it off
Noah you want to walk behind everybody
Kane you want to go out goodbye to
everybody
yeah
I can't believe you just hair yeah no
I'm not - I've already forgotten - yeah
you forgot what do you have it do you
like it see I got a teammate
you have won this war word still up yes
Columbus Ohio thank you so much for
tonight is absolute very function
you guys have a good time having my
family my kids Brittany here everyone
here has been just perfect guys having
you here in my town
thank you always get emotional after
that now I almost teared up really ah
it is emotional man when you see people
that love you it's just it's crazy good
job guys
go ahead baby you guys watch me back
show we've ever done yeah it was hot I
mean I think he's saying I can shave my
head no let me look Lucy your senior our
house tonight waves Wow look how are you
different that makes you look I look
like a different human being I know once
we fix any of you a ball free you're
gonna look claw Oh fate I never even
heard the head begin to look cock top
class I'm just putting out you guys
gonna deal with this for the next six
weeks
oh and just said what did you say it was
the best day of the summer the whole
summer
Noah's beat tonight yeah and that's it
you know what listen I'm gonna say it
like now just like I do with the meet
and greets when you're in front of all
them people they really do it takes your
energy it sucks it right out and you're
giving it to those people and we do mean
greets when we meet and your energy
you're sharing it with people and I
truly believe that after a show I
usually collapse for a while because of
the energy that we release and I think
Noah's having that effect right now I
just realized what I didn't do and it
hurts so bad I didn't do my stage photo
the only city I'd into a stage photo are
you kidding me ding well I got the vlog
but still Jiang Daniel I'm Lucy yeah I'm
ready to go down and meet the family now
did you cut my hair oh they're gonna
give me praise Yeah right blah
here we go
what up dude you take it off this year
puppet clothes ready y'all ready ah you
got balls to do that now you look like
one you know it looks way shorter from
where I was sitting it looked like shame
what do you mean wrong and it's pussy
yeah I know
fuck it did you like the show you had a
good time
of course you did how's the baby
whoa you're gonna fuck em you guys what
up Greg smell like sourdough I'm eatin
it all checks out it all checks out
hey see pussy over there he killed me I
want to get out seat so that I was like
am I supposed to sit here it's a part of
the show what am I supposed to do oh
it's almost like you stay and receive
will get pussy back Oh looks like I won
the job of really saying I was yelling
I'm like when here the crowd was full
looks like who's gonna be on my barber
he cuts my hair every time except for
one person his bad I thought he was
going to leave it like before I see it
was worthless worthless tonight hey did
you like the show is it good to see my
hair
you're welcome dude all right mom and
dad would you think guys blue
that was your leaving but we are taking
our boat he's getting no love for the
haircut but it was a good show yeah you
know everyone's gonna love it my battery
so nice this cardigan wall yeah we're
gonna grab the seat comes up loser me
here you take my bag yeah
drinks are there we're trying to get our
exit out of here can't you're gonna go
with me okay you're gonna you're gonna
come up here with me just throw it up
front
does it ready yep guys straight to the
truck okay straight in you're the last
one good job
Oh
you know everyone's being so respectful
take that up
I want to thank every single one of you
in Columbus guys you were so respectful
when we laughed
hey everybody was so respectful let us
leave with the kids and the fam and you
didn't even we didn't even have barrier
you guys just stayed right there was
just so thank you so much yeah
welcome back welcome to the crib baby
always feels good to get home even if
you've only been gone a little bit it
just feels good man I hope you guys had
a great time there's my boy there's my
boy sighs I'm home baby I took that bag
of beads and she put it in this bucket
of water today now look yeah just listen
to them this was a new bag really yeah
those things are awesome just keep a bit
bucket cause flash will swallow him so
here's here's the deal guys
um bong pretty much know so it's that no
though it grows back so fast look here's
the good part like you just said you
have the power to have a beautiful head
and hair grow back I don't you don't
know it faith in baby you look
appropriate some people look great like
this like how you talk like I used to
have this huge program really yeah I
have to picture thank you guys so much
for watching these vlogs man it means
the world when we go to these shows
it means the world you guys are so happy
to see us but we're so happy to see you
man and the bids were so respectful and
I I mean you guys are always awesome but
I don't know time with something else
man tonight was special I'm my family
with me - you guys are
family that's what I got ya he's your
third son he's mine so now we're just
hanging out we got to wrap our night up
first scene I have to get up early and
go to Detroit but here's a huge surprise
we were supposed to go straight from the
show to Detroit and they said we could
come home tonight
so we're I'm home again tonight man
we're home and then we're headed to
Detroit tomorrow and then I'm back home
for two weeks so easy crazy man that's
where life is going great how did you
like it and would you really care
yeah like what did you think walking out
on that stage I want for my memory in 20
years we watch these vlogs what'd you
say to yourself yeah so the first time I
lucked out I got a little emotional kids
those it was pretty crazy hearing all
those people yelling like yeah there's a
lot of people Oh Daniel um distractions
yeah they loved you man really when Noah
walked out it was so loud Lawson thank
you guys so so I'm gonna go ahead and
end this before they get a dogfight over
here hurry
I'm sorry ball yeah all right there
yeah I see it that feels like a big ol
yo Brit when she's cutting my hair she
ran out and whacked him with that light
bar it was a plastic the plastic part of
it oh I thought she hit me with a
microphone so I wait look at your head
but look at his yeah I think it's
alright going up on your head right
get out here thank you guys again and we
will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
Swami what what what dude I can't start
the Turnpike huh I literally can't start
it I got a bigger problem
what don't be mad at me come on
no I know you're kidding I'm not come
here just come what up god don't be mad
at me no
