hey guys welcome back home Columbus Ohio
we are here it's our day off what's up
dude I know you got a new skateboard
whoever brought this to the Meetup
I know you're in the vlog but the first
words out of his mouth this morning I
swear when he opened his eyes he said
thank you for bringing me the skateboard
that's exactly what he said so thank you
so much what what up dude
we got a bunch of hooligans over here
today Shh
Lucy's asleep I don't wake him up anyway
guys welcome back it is our day off we
get to spend one day at home before we
head to Detroit tomorrow is Columbus
Ohio actually today if you're watching
this and today is nothing but family and
fun that is it thanks for coming back
guys
we love you be such a puppy and has no
idea this wasn't here last time you were
here no what is it dude you know what so
hot out my lenses fogging up oh my god
smoke everything welcome to the smile
Moore store I just came to steal a hat
and a half and I can't find the keys I
can't find truck keys
don't visit right here ah I shoulda
known so you think this place mazie let
me see what you got this boy will not
get off the skateboard you're gonna be
all e'en soon I cannot wait another
second we need to go get Noah right now
you coming I'll be right back okay
keep practicing little man I love you
yeah I know how you like buying bikes
dude I want to show you my bike all
right yeah but it's a bike that you
could ride no I ride real motorcycles
now yeah this is a real motorcycle check
it out dude it's got training wheels
that's what you should put on your
motorbike huh Honda Grom knows this but
he's got training wheels do this you
have to worry about falling I don't fall
honey I missed you so much man geez
knowing I was just on this topic of like
when he used to go to preschool and like
kindergarten in one of the hardest days
of my life that I've never explained to
you guys the hardest day for me was the
first day I sent Noah off on the school
bus by himself that was one of the
hardest days for me I couldn't see him
off I just couldn't like it was
do you remember that not at all we're
sorry to see my little boy go off to
school I don't know so we got just
enough time to grab a little food before
everyone starts coming oh we're going to
one of my favorite spots that pussies
never been right now I'll meet him we're
all hungry yeah my camera so blurry the
hardest thing to do is to choose what oh
man like that every time I get here I
know what I want and then I come in I
look at them in restaurants are really
smart when they put pictures big
colorful pictures because then you're
confused
and then the pictures trigger you to be
more hungry and then you order more food
after 11:00 so we can order this big
basket of chicken we're gonna do it all
right so we ordered kind of modest
modest today I'm surprised I thought
we're gonna order like I mean it's a lot
right not that you're gonna split it
with me I can't eat all this it's gonna
eat some good food we're gonna start our
down right and then drop super-fun
that's what today is all about family
and fun are you okay with that this was
gonna be all right are you okay with the
day of just family and fun can you
handle it we go home and I know we only
have two more shows to I get a big break
I get to come home for like two weeks so
I thought maybe it would be a good time
to add a new toy to the outlet house
what do you guys think we'll get a new
toy
he's always like what are you up to dad
are you doing I think I think you'll
have fun today what is it I'm happy I'm
not the only person let's just let's
just let's just stop and see what
happens you know I know it's up here how
about something like this they're
getting a TV I don't know now I have one
idea I have one even Park no parking
this is get you something you can tip I
don't know ma'am the house is kind of in
need of a big boy toy big boys need big
toys what do you think huh
that was like that I can't even keep up
with your crazy ideas now do your thing
just do your thing so here's what we're
looking for a man like look this is what
we have now and it's great like we have
a blast takes us everywhere told me
anywhere fun
I need something wrong
what's a Grom come on you know what a
Grom is
this fam 125cc street-legal bike Debra
dots for the street I play in my yard
but we are selling a ton of these it's
actually the last one I have rat know it
is super cool but I don't I don't think
it's me look I'll pose for you tell me
why not because I'm like a dirt guy like
I want to play in the mud and dirt
that's your instinct Backstreet Boys
fuzz boy we're looking to like get dirty
and then you want to know like I'm gonna
tear the pipe right off at hang on when
I do that triple backflip I just don't
think that one alright so most you guys
gonna be like you got and get the fort
look at this 450 dude you know I wasn't
even gonna hold this thing physically
look at that look at that yo get a shot
of me standing beside this thing
he's like riding a Clydesdale huge crazy
fast point so I'm thinking like I don't
honestly thinking I'm thinking like
maybe what is this one this is one
computer a 150 that looks all right that
looks like something that we would have
fun on and entertain and play yeah well
try to be safe
come here alright alright no we've got
something I know is I that is sick I
found your bike for a lady boom yo these
are awesome
his new bike his new bike imagine how
cool is that I actually like it dude
it's so cool imagine like while we're on
tour we go to all these beautiful cities
we never get to see them we're always
kind of we don't have a way to get
around we have to jump in and over I
have a car take us but imagine us
whipping these out and just torn
everywhere
you know why this song was in san
andreas grand theft auto and you can
actually ride these in san andreas so
that's why the song does so well Wow
gonna dump bed thanks guys thank you so
much man
awesome look at that this could be a
nice addition right there cool oh you
have to use this got it well guys that
was pretty spontaneous I'm not gonna lie
you pulled a pussy today I pulled a
fousey today they call it listen hear me
out when I buy something when I buy a
toy like that I'm not just buying
something for me I'm buying something
for our home I'm buying a new addition
to our house and our friends and our
guests that come over it's always for
everybody so this is gonna be a new
family member
to our home and what would his name be
or her name be Lucy first of all you
wanna be a boy you want it to be a boy
or a girl maybe let's see how it sounds
when we start it okay dear
it's not even cool that wasn't cool
something was happening in my dream that
happened what up dude I flash I see you
too I see you boy you going under the
truck that's hilarious
no training wheels on this one baby we
gotta go full throttle baby bottle no
it's perfect it'll fit you dude
you're totally gonna be able to do this
soon try again that's it that's it
okay remember put down slide up put down
slide up
I know try again pop it dude you're
gonna be doing that in one week 95
degrees today and that's not really the
bad part when I say it's really hot in
Ohio people are like wow a big deal it's
110 here 95 is very hot person that's
not the worst part
yeah it's you go that way 95 is not even
the worst part
it's our humidity we have very high
humidity it's very wet and just sticky
so we're gonna fill the pool up for the
dogs let them have some fun and came a
little confusion in last night's vlog
when we came home everybody was like who
is that sitting on a couch in the
background that was Brittany's cousin
Caleb wait what does Kane call you Bubba
Bubba we all call him above us now but
that's who this is he's been helping out
a lot around here helping out even
packing orders and helping out with Kane
while we're gone he's just been a huge
help so this is Caleb or above us
whatever you'd like to call him welcome
to vlogs man Caleb I'll go it that's
what
what's going on in here man it's
starting to look like a little like
nobody's taking care of this place you
looking like you're playing in the hose
boy do it it's so hot we should blow up
the big slip-and-slide
you want to do that okay hey I'm gonna
go put swords and a tank top on like you
okay I'm so hot
King loves tank tops he's always got a
different tank top on and I told him
that I got a new take up that I've never
worn if I can find it
so my suitcase someone apparently when
you get it in the Sun it changes to red
it changes colors I had no idea when I
bought this it did this Brittany was
like you know that's gonna change colors
right whoa it just changed right in our
face
Oh in those turned blue ready all black
and white all black and white
ready go out there and I'll walk out
Oh more shirts that do that well I saw
it did not but I didn't want to tell you
tell me well you think of that Big Mike
did okay right here
right dad
you vlogging it yeah oh man okay I'm
like extremely disappointed there is no
kickstand on this bike doesn't even make
sense to me
pussy says you're supposed to just set
it down but I don't think that's right I
did research on alright so I'm pretty
much a complete idiot do you know how to
start this thing seriously okay on our
fifty there's a key the key turns the
bike on right this one I cannot find a
key anywhere I'm sitting there thinking
I have no business with this dirtbike if
I don't even know how to start it boy I
literally can't start it don't be mad at
me come on that's impossible
oh is it really bad I can't even believe
you repair any damages I promise I'm
used to this here's the thing I doubt
there's any damages on it I'm glad
you're alright first of all I'm it's
fine I just imply listen guys earlier
today I was like I gotta get something
you can wreck on I was totally kidding
oh okay that's not happening whoa I
can't believe you can actually tip that
thing by hand
whoa put in the garage pussy now what
you drive it to the garage no way you
know many times no one drives this
you've driven this dude here's my advice
let people drive you around sell your
bikes don't drive them anymore oh you're
staying cool hey mama
how are you buddy I love ya we got no
over here power washing the slide we got
a setup looks so fun you ready
my brother is here you guys can probably
tell I'm very happy right now I mean
this is where when they say home is
where the heart is some massive truth to
that guys I hope wherever you are right
now
you're enjoying your day some my dog is
crazy
my family is crazy that's why I love
them they're fighting right now who gets
to go first just go everybody go well
that's pretty good little front flip
action a belly flop what would you do to
be a kid again kids you better be using
your time wisely these are the moments
more I don't know if that's the moment
but as a kid you're like I can't wait to
get older or trust me when you're older
you want to be a kid so one down the
rest up hang on are you teaching pussy
how to ride this bike you know it's
brand new right yes
he said he normally only pedals you like
them awesome here's the thing pussy
crashes everything point proven be
careful hey do you want a helmet dude no
I just gotta smile more an element there
you go you moving on to the next step
dinner and you didn't hesitate we got
here some mac and cheese some delicious
looking steaks
watermelon potatoes beans huh
food from last time yeah we always think
good when people stand with us I was
hungry I couldn't wait on you
everybody just freaked out I'm talking
my actual family just freaked out if I
told him I'd done something my whole
life that they'd never heard of so here
it is
chips rough like regular just salt chips
like a regular chip with applesauce you
dip it amazing there's got to be one of
you that do this I've done it for ever
since school since I was in school more
applesauce and so it's for junk stirs
junkies dude you're about to live just
my first ever have an applesauce
what right drill it's like a salt sweet
okay it's so good it's like a snack what
you would expect like because the chips
are playing I like the salt mix good
yeah all right you know how many kids
are gonna cry that's good no you just I
I do a lot but start small Wow
alright we just finished dinner look at
the sunset
oh man that sunsets ridiculous so we're
just hanging out playing goofing off and
joining this beautiful sunset hanging
out with the kids look at these guys
whoa just hanging out as one big happy
family
whoa you hoppity hop we're having a
competition I just somehow made it to
tries from behind here if to go behind
the razor
I got it in two shots it's Dale's turn
he's already taking one shot oh this
will be three three right now four comes
five Hey how many shots is gonna take
you how many get in three three shot
all right Dale's on six here we go Oh
number eight how didn't nobody get my on
camera dang it we let you throw another
hundred maybe at one of them maybe we
need more proof do you yell like you got
it
it's up to Big Daddy oh it's up to Big
Daddy air to take me out basketballs not
really my thing I'm not that good at it
but I got that shot I know I got that
shot with luck and now they're trying to
beat me all right guys if Dad gets this
in one shot you beat me this it is far
here it is no pressure
one-handed Oh Romy you're really gonna
keep pretending that you got it into
that's right I get one more I get one
more fizzy got 3 I get 3 he's really
gonna pretend like you got into he did
though my dad had never rapped me out if
I get this on win like it's over game
over
because you get off you you can just do
it do what anything that's a good mom
and dad when they can just tell you you
can do anything that's what I tell my
boys you can do and be anything Noah so
the night is winding down we've had such
a good friggin day man so happy to be
home really that's look how big his dogs
get you don't really notice to see his
head to side Kane's head and you're like
alright he's turning into a dog who's
knows better he's like I'm gonna be back
here no it doesn't look real it doesn't
look right look how different we could
have looked like our dogs could have
just looked like this like one slight
change and I'll send ya big nosed dog no
he's completely humiliated he's
completely humiliated look at his face
he's looking at me like you post this on
my I'm a poop in your bed mm-hmm hey are
you gonna look at me look at me
yeah are you gonna walk out on stage
with me tomorrow you are tomorrow guys
actually today if you're watching this
is our Columbus show it's just my
hometown and Kane says he's gonna walk
out on stage with me are you
he's nervous but he's gonna do it once
upon a time
it was odd there was a chicken night and
I saw it once upon a time there was a
piece of ham and I saw the ham and I bit
the hand next on the list is my man know
uh how been tickling I was giving you
back scratch hey are you gonna walk out
on stage with me well you are you're not
gonna turn back it's a big crowd we have
fun so excited for Columbus man if
you're watching this as I'm uploading
it's tonight get up and go to the venue
it's gonna be so much fun
yeah yeah I want to go thanks for that
all right guys that is gonna wrap up
today's vlog crazy thing Brittany is out
we're doing night shifts now at the
small more so we have so many orders to
get caught up on if you have ordered
from the small more store thank you
first of all second please be patient I
know a lot of you guys were getting your
orders like that real fast and some of
you are waiting we are we are we
literally have six people working
full-time and we are even working
evenings now Brittany's out there doing
work it's been pretty chaotic so thank
you for being not only patient but
supporting this family and our March and
our move
of smile more that is gonna wrap up
today's vlog fousey do you have a good
day bye man that was fun and it was fun
these dogs are whooped
that's how you know it's a successful
day when both dogs will sleep
that's success we love you guys of
course we will see you tomorrow thank
you for everyone coming to Columbus
tonight if you're watching when I upload
it and thank you guys for everyone that
comes to all our tour dates hit me a big
thumbs up if you love the home vlogs the
best I know tour gets a little
repetitive but it is something very huge
for my life and in the meet so many of
you and hear your stories and be
inspiring it's just a big part of me
that it feels so good to do this so bear
with me we are on a two-week break after
two more dates we got Columbus Detroit
they want a big two week break so we'll
be back to the home blogs having fun we
will see you tomorrow
hit me in the comments whether you like
the home vlogs the tour vlogs what's
your favorite vlogs we'll see you then I
love you you're beautiful don't forget
it
last ones love to flash what
