Oh
guys welcome to the vlog we are in
Philly and today is the day for our show
and I'm super excited bringing stressing
out I don't know what to wear I just got
like that right there boom done that's
the butter that's the butter face look
just picks it looks like we've been here
for a month like this
Jose you ready what is it what are you a
bad my all got puffy what do you want me
to do woke up puffy yeah is that
something I should be aware of this
summer should be too so much me doing
during got bags guys my old and mine
I'm telling when you travel and you're
on tour with two girls that take forever
to get ready oh I got bags under my
fingers she bent a nine different outfit
she put on a nine okay already right on
bronze things like this tonight at you
yo first off and the click you claim it
source not right now we are headed to
the venue but before we get there we're
gonna do the scavenger hunt for tickets
there's limonade tick by talking well
let's go talking you're late I'm just
rolling this is raw vlog raw vlog though
I know I might cut it right about now my
baby
I love you I cry I love you so much I
love you so much baby you have no idea
how much I love you yeah
how long you been waiting well this dude
had to do is make up in his
manicure/pedicure your betta paint his
toenails you know the routine your first
I got huffy done to sober and he thought
we just walked there I think Philly's
looking good for teamroman look at this
are you guys just happy to be at this
hotel
yeah did you even know I was here yeah
whoa that is awesome
we got jump in this SUV and get some
tickets you're like yes it's a customs
you ready for tonight I'm ready baby I'm
for real listen we were in an uber right
now and I Romney we said we got a high
tickets all over the city he's like all
about it he's like let me take you
anywhere thanks for us awesome problem
we don't make a lot of people really
happy with this alright guys you know
the game we always take tickets we hide
them around town this is gonna be the
first location to play and learn are we
even in the city where our venue is yes
for sure alright someone drop these
tickets right I'm just gonna put it on
top of the Sun right there boom too late
all right we just chilling we're just
chilling no way
is there no way dude it was minute you
still can't find it's alright he got it
he's gonna get it buddy it's on top I
mean it's like in a minute one minute
there he goes let's go he's so happy
God I just hit two more tickets right
there at the CVS Pharmacy that last one
didn't even take one minute for you guys
to
I'm hoping this is a little harder oh we
got a bite we got a bite
get ready yank here we get oh I got the
tickets
he's very nonchalant her work on how
he's excited my CVS has been taken we're
going across the street to this park pin
Bryan Park pin Brian Park
I didn't take even 30 seconds dude nice
buddy let's say hi to him alone window
yo dude that was so fast ah a good job
brother
okay and he was there's more people
there is there anybody we gotta get you
hey come on lucky hold up guys all right
so uh hi how are you guys yo there's
like a traffic jam no see you guys at
the movie later yeah does anybody need
to be put on the guest list we just gave
them all the way Wow good stuff so we
were driving DJ salt an ice cream truck
me I mean I really wanted ice cream and
pussy says I have never seen a public
pool in my life oh here we go again but
did you say that I've never seen a
public pool ever ever I've seen raging
waters but not like a public pool it's
like the community gets together to swim
ah
don't hate me again guys there's no hate
there I just I mean I grew up at my
public crazy awesome I love saying it
awesome all my decisions decisions what
are you gonna get Oh
I'm gonna go with bomb pop that's always
my favorite yeah like one of the bat
turbo rocket nope
just like a double rocket pop man this
is huge a bite of your tongue don't bite
ice cream don't buy any rolling up on a
theater oh here we go we're rolling up
we'll run it's almost Showtime Philly
Billy's gotta be fun guys
you know what I'm really excited about
this because we've never usually there's
a balcony but everyone's on the same
floor tonight it's awesome a little bit
smaller 14 a hundred cedar 1,400 people
I want to talk about something so
everybody in my vlog thinks that because
the blue shows everybody's for Roman
that doesn't show in the light oh I've
heard it all now boy I'm a Nana Nana
Nana Nana Nana Nana member this be the
first time I've showed you guys this
this is our merch on this tour and they
actually just came today we did not have
these at the first two shows but we now
have Roman and fousey hoodies and the
World Tour hoodies and the reason they
say World Tour is because the first 20
cities that we're doing is not the
entire tour those are the first 20
cities we've announced so there's a lot
more cities coming we have not announced
them yet so check we hold on these up
for me oh yeah baby
so these are the Roman verse fousey tour
shirts obviously on blue boosie's red
turning around
look at that and there's all the cities
that we're doing on this leg of the tour
man oh oh no way no no I haven't seen
these oh I got to get one for my own
house
yes pussy we're pussy Oh pussy
they're fucking mini ice tray look that
was amazing I love that that was our
favorite picture I can't wait to them
bollocks rain
I am absolutely loving this venue look
at that
you know how awesome this is gonna look
with the drone tonight amazing cuz it's
all one floor one level can hold on over
all the way out no casualties now is
that time we're gonna knock out our meet
and greet and then it's show time and I
can't wait this venues beautiful
a favor Bolivia
welcome
I'm super excited about this what's your
name n Z Z like shave off his bug yeah
yeah he asked me to come up in beatbox
for me so let's hear it alright ready
smile more now what you are awesome oh
my gosh she's so decked out your shoes
are so awesome thanks because quite the
white the stirrup with guns and roses
look at this Guns and Roses squad up in
roses favorite man sweet child
oh this is the first show we can't show
Oh
alright guys we just finished the
meet-and-greet I need to take a second
to share something with you and if you
don't want to hear it just skip past if
you want to listen here we go these meet
and greets I kind of skip through it
today and I really usually only show you
the happiest fun parts and today every
night has become so emotional for me
I've got kids crying I've got moms
crying I've got dads with tears in their
eyes coming to me thanking me for saving
their children's lives and I realize
every single night why I'm doing what
I'm doing you guys come and you remind
me while I'm doing this the reason I'm
sharing this with you right now so that
I remember in the future man if I've
saved one kid's life out of all these
videos ever and I feel so successful man
I feel so good no amount of money no
amount of success will ever match the
feeling of helping one kid through their
life man and I just want to say thank
you guys so much I will never stop using
my videos for good I will never stop
trying to push you to do better I will
never stop trying to get you to be a
better version of who you are right now
today tomorrow you're going to be even
better we all make mistakes I make
mistakes but tomorrow we're gonna learn
and we're going to be better tomorrow I
love you guys I'm extremely emotional
right now that was that meet and greet
was I don't even know how to explain it
man I've got I've got it's very it's so
touching man that's all I can say it's
so touching and I always realized when
I'm done with that meet and greet why
I'm doing everything I'm doing it's for
you thank you for listening to me thank
you for being here
thank you for coming on these tour blogs
I know that you guys are dying for me to
get back home with my kids
believe me I'm dying home with my kids
too but this is awesome and things we're
doing for people it is it is worth every
second episode thank you guys from the
bottom of my heart thank you for
listening to me
let's continue this vlog Brittany is
almost here and I just love you not oh
just right yeah thanks for informing the
people in the lobby they're like yeah
Robyn Thomas you take a while to get
ready they waited in the hotel it's been
hours no I hadn't undone get like a
bottle water so I was like had just got
know there was so many people that hotel
how does that mean Gris bro I tell you
something you have some things but you
did something special like I can't even
explain it like I know I'm with you on
the meeting great but like it's just
something you can't even explain like
seeing what's smile more it does to
everybody of all ages it's just like I
stare at it and like one kid went off
five minutes I literally thanked him I
was like I know you're not talking to me
but that was so amazing I want to thank
you so whatever you did man
gradually thanks I was it up so many
people it means the world is that the
line for the show out the door
uh-uh
ah it's gonna be a fun night man so fun
to read better protected better meat oh
I loosened it for you
me too please
deliver him I can't we're about to walk
out on stage and it stops burning her
tracks when she sees I'm sorry I just
look yo best show ever let's do it
all right as always this is the part of
our gonna sue
ah
give it up a booty
no I allow complete control how is that
the score tonight happy time it never
happened
yo 1515 tie
all right guys that's a wrap on Philly
now what a great night what a fun night
RIT thanks for being here
that's such a like the audience is so
fun and you guys were so fun like I
honestly honestly could stay up there
all night and just hang out like just I
can't only walk up there for like a
minute I just want to say begging us
amazing show thank you guys for coming
out to Lucy is a tree man Lucy's brother
Lucy's beautiful mother awesome I got it
wrong okay I'm pretty sure
it always gets crazy for it man thank
you guys so so much for coming out okay
you like it since we have the bike racks
tonight is it possible when he's
recorded no pressure since we have the
bike racks is it safe for us like for
them out there that we go out and maybe
take pics with the people in the front
or say high fives or I don't think we
have enough security staff home the bike
rack doing you think they'll get pushed
if it's unsafe we don't do it if they
push the bar and over is definite unsafe
situation
yeah that's true there's no way to tell
them before like look they're going to
come out just the wave bush and we think
the best situation is why you are so low
weight to the crowd private Stephanie
SPECT you're not going to push
leave your bags when table back put it
right here where - over here Wow
well he say
Oh
Wow
ah this is cool and they said that has
glow-in-the-dark paint all over it every
night you guys send so many posters and
pictures look at this one sushi flash
you see that he's probably double the
size every night you guys being wrong in
swedish fish which quickly becomes mine
hey somebody brought you some tonight oh
no no last night on the bus but he said
did anybody bring me Twizzlers and today
a whole tub
Brittany found pete's out of nowhere
that was the one I told her about she
would find pizza in a dumpster of an
alley and heated a microwave mine what
you got for a weight you know hey don't
judge all right guys we're just getting
back to our crazy room which is
destroyed by the way it's 2:00 in the
morning 2:00 a.m. we have to pack our
room right now get back in the bus what
do you have behind your back
what is it chips yeah we got a pack up
head to Pittsburgh tonight which is what
seven hour drive six hour drive I
thought they said 12:00 but no it's not
that far
that's what matters either way we're
gonna get some sleep tonight on the bus
maybe some crazy dreams probably
sleeping on that thing yeah thank you
for hanging out during the tour vlogs um
I know most of you would rather me be at
home hang out with the family and kids
and believe me I'm so excited to do that
too so thanks for hanging out and just
being here and being part of everything
that we do and uh that's it man that's
all I got for you today so thank you for
being here I love you you're absolutely
beautiful smile mwah hey baby
oh this is so awesome guys we have just
arrived the pussies brothers beautiful
home his new pool his family they've
been cooking for us they've been
treating us like kings so
