guys welcome to the vlog we are in the
beautiful absolutely stunning New York
City I was so bad that I would have
filmed last night we got our tour bus
about 3:00 a.m. after we finished the
vlog after we uploaded the vlog we got
the tour bus headed to New York City in
what a night man good sleep like I
literally couldn't sleep the book since
there's only like five and a half hour
six hour drive everything takes a lot
longer in a tour bus cuz it's slower
it's bigger it's hard to get through the
city I don't know how they navigate
through the city dude anyway it was just
a crazy night literally the weirdest
sleep I've ever had when you're just
rocking like you're you're just shaking
in the bunk you're in a little bunk so I
was like I have no idea how to explain
this I just I couldn't sleep very well
when I did sleep I had like the craziest
dreams man I think like rocking around
in this little bunk
like I couldn't even sit up it's just I
can't make this up I was ramping
Lamborghinis off dirt jumps with Eminem
I kidding too
you can't make that crap up man okay
here's why I'm really excited Brittany
just landed in New York she is on her
way she's in her car I've got us some
food ready look at this she's gonna walk
into a nice little steak it's a nice
cold drinks oh man so I'm just really
excited to be in New York City man we
got a huge packed show tonight and I'm
just so happy Brittany's here I'm so
happy Brittany's here
I'm just gonna take you with me this is
what I needed right now I miss just so
much I wonder so easy it took me forever
gate I don't understand how I could be
we can be away from each other literally
two days if that and it feels like a
month like we're calling each other
we're FaceTime and we're text and it's
it's it's so crazy the connection we
have I know when we spend every day
let's just I know why I came here cuz
you're hungry eat up oh no no I love
y'all catch up to you in a minute
oh yeah see your head yeah I can't even
see you yo you ready yeah second day New
York City only to ask you what no idea
who this is I just grabbed it off a rack
but I always see people wearing it shot
ah I swear is it bad haha you don't know
who Guns'n'Roses is no I grabbed it
because I needed tore stuff and I just
grabbed it I put on right now I was like
wait this is like a famous things I was
wearing it to look at your view did you
see this
you owe me a hard time believing you're
serious right now I think I know huh
nirvan
do you think that is yeah sure
come on stop don't you mess wrong just
don't laugh I'm not gonna put it in the
vlog just tell me then this will be the
latest we have ever been to our only 15
minutes late Oh bull got to shave me yes
meat grease started at 5:30 it is 5:45
here we go man New York City is always
so crazy busy man it's a show to New
York I'm so pumped it is a packed show
we have four tickets we did not have
time to give out on snapchat so I'm
hoping we can give them out uh hoping we
can just give these out to a couple
people waiting outside the venue today
this is the venue here it is oh my
whoo oh yeah watch pussy get in now
watch
New York is ready Wow I got Pablo you're
late you see why we're late though do
you see why were they this time you know
they're it's crazy it's awesome well
this place is beautiful
yeah stepped on my easy uh-oh we're in
the venue we are ready to rock New York
is going to be crazy tonight dude I can
feel the energy Britney stayed back to
get ready and I'm really glad she did
because I honestly thought my bag was
being ripped off my back
coming in here doing imaginal Brit
walking through there all I would have
done I elated her there just figure up
she's meeting us here in a little bit
and I'm excited for tonight this is
gonna yeah it's gonna be night big night
oh and it's packed packed house New York
thank you guys so much I'm gonna I'm
gonna I'm gonna do something you got
tell me if you've ever heard this okay
huh yeah you know this is a basketball
game all right what is it who is it
he's got there it is
oh no idea oh man hey Paso Pablo's made
it really clear that we can never be
late again dude I'm so sorry but you say
that every time
no it's not how far you guys came on our
flight one six oh my all the way and
they brought me they brought me Hong
Kong magnet I've lost you so bad always
make entire calendar years old Wow Thank
You me grief is complain
what's up baby oh I love them shoes yeah
wait you got all access but what color
are you yes what do you mean I'm blue no
blue I like so what I read I shouldn't
work for me tonight I walked in and you
were like hey baby I was like who's
ruling calling baby okay so now I'm
gonna do my hair and I work all day so
it's super matted that's from Lucy I
didn't use it like that I didn't I
really did it cause you you were in it
for like 15 minutes after before alright
it was probably it was brick you were in
there before we got here oh this is a
disaster you there's no way say
happening
it doesn't look better yeah this bad
bitch what's up doc
how did that how did I do this imagine
before own ass I'm a wreck
it's all slimy cuz I know I gotta
hairspray on what all area he's silly
string me oh I'm so funny
alright guys it is about that time to go
out I'm ready yeah
you guys want some
come on out here
Hey
here we go
whoo that's too hot you should be doing
a war no reason I
he just rapped on our second live show
New York City was on fire you guys are
so pumped and look who showed up
Lily you're so supportive thank you so
much thank you thank you I was like if
there's no still going on gonna make it
I walked in right when you were doing
your own real talk
oh really yes when Britney came out I
almost came out crying I guess I think I
know something missing you cried I've
never been met her and got some girl
lover though let me ask you a serious
question okay do you know who Guns &
Roses is yeah
ah
whoo puppies guys love you how they're
gonna get out love you sorry my man
listen yeah is this a normal night for
you will be alright see you guys we love
you don't get her please it uh I thought
she said to hear like oh this guy's the
liquid Terminator over here oh my god
liquid are you remember in our show
Massachusetts last night there was no
food nothing to eat look at this place
almost midnight
everything's open we're going to eat
guys huh hello guys what is that never
had a hell out guys you laughed at me
about guns and roses watch how many
people are gonna laugh at you for not on
Rahel a guy's never heard of it alright
guys we'll run up to the room we packed
our bags and we were off to the tour bus
we're headed to Philly tonight which is
only about a two-hour drive I don't know
how long it takes on a big tour bus
though but we're out of here I just
checked into this room today it's
already time to say goodbye to this
beautiful city man
Wow ah here we go guys this is our bus
check it out this is what we took into
New York City last night it's our
trailer with all our tour stuff and
head to Philly tonight and what up guys
you're out out out for the rest of the
tour
I'll be back for the launch and EHT all
right buddy thanks for everything man so
this was my bed last night you were
bathroom
this is my bed last night this is where
I slept doesn't look that bad on camera
but it's tiny Manning did you even roll
over like side to side
pinin oh I don't even know how to
explain it
see that someone brought that for cane
no I showed so exact
we were out we're off to Philly we're
saying goodbye that is it for today I
got to edit before we whoa I'm gonna
barf
wait till you start trying to sleep we
are I'm gonna say goodbye now so I can
get all this stuff done we love you so
much thanks for hanging out our next
show will be in Philly and we're so
excited man and then we only have one
more show and don't forget I'm not there
yet oh shoot okay Billy Pittsburgh and
in Columbus Ohio guys I need my hometown
to go nuts I'm so excited I don't even
think I'm gonna show off for the
columbus show I think it's just gonna be
the Romans all right hey man I did San
Fran with you that was true it was a
disaster no LA was promotional a ila was
insane so we love you guys will see them
all thanks for all the love the support
your beautiful smile no you can't puke
on the bug in the brick at berwick let's
go we don't always have the option to
sit and wait but we're gonna wait for
this one and see anybody shows up at
Beaumont is oh there it is Oh guys
