hey guys welcome to the vlogging is
another absolute beautiful day here look
at this oh man I got a little behind
this morning on yesterday's vlog so I'd
stay back catching up with the family
now they are it looks like they're all
right here in the water my spirit is at
an all-time high
hey so how we doing today how we doing
mama mama green her Hey okay so I
showed this table in yesterday's vlog I
believe in last year's vlog this is a
full-size table and sunk into the beach
so here we are day two on this beautiful
island we I think once again we're going
to hang out just here at the beach today
I think we're going to start some
excursions like things outside the
resort over the next few days all kinds
of fun stuff crazy stuff maybe some
deep-sea fish and reef fish and
snorkeling scuba dive and shark diving
we're gonna have some fun man some real
fun stuff Kane and I are digging a
mountain you got the bulldozer I got the
shovel what mommy's in her typical
position tanning
the water here is like a bathtub can't
explain how warm the water especially
since it's so shallow it just heats up
becomes warm I can't lie I don't think
any of us were prepared for the Sun in
the heat yesterday so we're all just
beat I think everyone's out like a
level-3 four out of ten right now what's
up family look at this fish what's up
dude
give them fun yo what's the saying I
think everyone's a little tired today
hey how's your head is it good yesterday
little Dale poor little Dale busted his
head open pretty good well at least
you're swimming the salt will heal it
I'll fix it what did you find
eggs it looks like a big snotty booger
all right we're gonna bust up some some
snorkel gear jump in see if there's
anything out there around that curve you
going with us Noah wake up boy
every single day around three o'clock I
come back into this room and I get the
vlog up for you guys I don't use
everybody says why don't you just
schedule your blog because you can
upload and then it'll schedule
automatically go up I don't trust it I
never have I've never trusted the auto
schedule I don't know why I think it's
just a mental thing for me I like hittin
public myself so that is why that is why
some days it uploads at 3:00 p.m.
Eastern or 3:50 p.m. Eastern because I'm
like oh crap what time is it poolroom
run in upload so so that's exactly what
I just did vlog is up and um thank you
guys for being here I you know yesterday
I titled the video best place on earth
and a lot of people's like that's not
the best place on earth you got to go
here you look anywhere that I have my
whole family that is the best place on
earth so I guess what I met was just in
general to me it's the best place on
earth I love you guys let's go all right
my mom and dad my mom and dad are trying
to paddleboard
no pressure pops no pressure
Oh see you pop oh man I really thought
you had at that time it looks like a
blast
you wanna try it no I want to I want to
see you get it oh she's my baby get it
mom's got it oh man my mom is having no
struggles whatsoever she's gone she's
got it
all right Brits turn I think you're
gonna have it a couple more tries it's
yours so you'll be riding the waves dude
good job mom
I do want to try but this isn't
waterproof camera so I'm gonna I'm gonna
I want to trade off my more wait for
Brittany to bail nailed it
you got your glasses that is good stuff
Ricky's running man right off that board
yeah I was running on the water for I'm
not good at this mm-hmm member I said
she likes bad I know I think your
balance better spread that way
Oh do that mom oh my gosh why would you
do that someone she's bleeding maybe you
bottomed out oh oh I got string on there
it's a trap
I'm gonna take it now this is battleship
I got the camera
all right well that's pretty much a
blast come on baby
it's your fun I need a lot of sand she
has been eating a lot of you look like
you're covered in bird poop is that bird
poop on your head yeah hit a bird poop
on him are you sure you try those boards
I'm not my son settle you've got to get
out there and try tonight they're gonna
light this entire stack of pallets on
fire that's gonna be huge that's gonna
be awesome tonight that's a huge fire
yeah it's a huge stack of pallets bigger
than anything we've done at our house
there's mom and Brett they got it
you
you
we want me to the babies and even if
it's a girl
no if I have the boy
what about a little baby girl your
little sister
every time hey sleepy birds I had to
wake you up you sleep in a long time you
sleepy
when we'll see them like that big fire
are you I just keep sleeping with me
mm-hmm
a little time has passed I got caught up
on a whole bunch of crap I had to do
they got a nice nap like a long nap
did you guys reckon in it yeah two hours
you gonna be up all night party animals
ah so far this vlog to me has been a lot
of fun to make I'm adding the music a
little bit of snorkeling there wasn't
much to see out there today but we're
gonna go on a real trip there'll be all
kinds of cool stuff but uh not to each
other off the paddle boards and then
Brittany and I trying to do the
paddleboard together was freaking
hilarious was so fun anyways let's
continue this work it see going they're
probably like that fire soon I don't
want to miss that how much are we gonna
miss this place what's she doing mom
don't go don't go potty on the come on
you gotta get games and do anyone man I
energy no I bet watch out I'm so oh my
god it's the sharp
I'm completely envious of your little
nappy you know you love a place when
you're not even close to going home but
you already start to miss it that's how
I feel right now for a second turn
around take a picture of him Bogut is
crab Oh what is a good crab
I wasn't going to I already what it what
exactly is an edible bubble we don't
know that's what's wrong with you
you're a bubble eater just go up on your
mouth don't rag on to it
oh go back a little and get them in your
mouth you know everybody that doesn't
know these are edible bubbles things
were freaks right now what'd you guys do
on your Tuesday night me and my family
we ate bubbles we give my dad like Kirby
got one you can't they're too fast I
don't taste it though you're supposed to
put glow stick in modal's there's this
like a special bubble blowing moment
cool glass bottle yeah cut yup shake it
hose it shake it awesome look at the
other one how many that's what I was
gonna do say goodbye to another day this
this I'm very excited to see oh thank
you oh wow that's a ton of food dude
this fires gonna be huge
so mesmerizing yeah same here
oh we think that Ryan started the fire
you're red you got some Sun yeah it's
starting to go now oh my gosh look at
this look at the sky dude there it goes
that's wicked awesome
faster-faster-faster
you gotta take off like an airplane
faster went way down I've never been to
a beach that in the middle like it's
it's nighttime look how far out in the
ocean we are and it's only up to my
shins it's awesome
I've got his back let me see never seen
a beetle like that some beetle with glow
eyes luminescent that's not even his
eyes just his back turn it off look at
that that's a new one question of the
day what kind of beetle was that what
kind of bug was that I've never seen one
get him
it's my new eye yeah it is it really is
helps me see helps you see done it Cain
did you just drop your cheez-its no I
like to wander for week here we are once
again in our little family vlogs you
guys have fun today or what crazy I kept
fun today everyone's tired oh you even
got that nap well nappy-poo
me and Noah didn't sleep we're gonna end
the vlog get o work done we love you
guys thanks for hanging out with us on
this vacation we hope you've enjoyed so
far what we've done guys coming today in
the comments what's the best place in
the world to you like what would be the
greatest place ever to you that is what
I want to hear I love you guys thanks
for hanging out with me and my family we
love you you're beautiful you're one of
a kind smile more I've been waiting to
do this all week ready ready
she's faking the rock John
haha
