hey guys welcome to the vlog we are
currently sitting in Massachusetts Matt
you go yeah but I ate it first okay dude
I think you actually hurt my arm oh did
I gonna get mad at me now don't lie you
did he did to me he hit me hope you guys
are having an awesome day we're on day
two of rehearsal tomorrow is our first
official live show in Massachusetts
everyone said I said Massachusetts fine
I say that funny say Massachusetts
Massachusetts Massachusetts
Massachusetts you say cars are wrong
well I don't even know what that is
cars are let's go look for cars are
getting very late start today we've been
in rehearse wall day it's been really
boring for you guys and I just haven't
been filming you go ahead in front of me
okay car Oh get this way the wrong place
what is this
watch your noodle let's do something to
look at this cage oh look at the oh my
gosh dude you know they hide bodies in
here I'm going in there what I'm not
going in there I think I heard somebody
whistle you want five second vlog you
and I'll have the footage no wait what
is this dude OH
turn it on dude bro flashlights chopped
creepy stuff dude I'm not gonna lie
these old venues are fruity skin look at
this wall do not get the ceilings gonna
come down right now go run run day two
guys day two
I know we're here dude there's no secret
uh-oh we have a one-hour lunch break we
decide to come out for a little bit and
explore check this out this is so pretty
down here definitely one of the coolest
parts for me touring and traveling and
doing what I do is getting to see
different places in the world different
places the country I mean this is this
is really pretty here hope you guys are
having the best day of your life man and
you realizing how silly some problems
are and know that it always seems like
our problems are so big at the time and
then time passes which is the ultimate
healer is time those problems usually
turn into something that we end up
laughing about later in life it's crazy
how it works and our minds just they
trick us our mind can be an enemy to us
or it can be our best friend getting all
sentimental down here at this River man
emotions calling I love it
it's just rehearsals all day so we
thought we'd come out get some fresh air
we're in this building to like 10:00
p.m. tonight or something like that so
it's an all-day thing we're really stuck
inside Brittany's vlog and hope you're
enjoying that she's really saving
everything because she's run the smile
moist or she's taking care of the kids
the dogs the house and she's trying to
vlog for you guys so big thumbs up to
that girl man
love you bread Oh morning 10 to Angus
it is exactly nine o'clock the girls are
here working out we were supposed to
start at 8:00 just get in the light
start okay we're gonna try this flasher
and try it with me flash flash do and
try it with me okay this is the next one
that we're gonna try it's just old fart
all right Veronica can do it here you go
Oh watch out ready all right we can do
this we can do this ready
yeah it looks like the video oh it's
perfect
no oh boy yeah Walternate yeah I just
got out of the shower and I came out
also
what's moving over there on a carpet
it's a frog Oh flash must around Manny's
all oh my car it's like a tree frog oh
my gosh oh so I had the door open
yesterday because the air the air
finally got fixed but I had the door
opens I'm guessing he just found this
little way and he's like it don't smash
him I'm not smashing him oh I got him
it's our new little pad back you want to
give me put them in the bathtub
Lisa's not a snake kiss the hole okay I
dried my didn't completely dry my hair
um but I'm dressed now and we got the
Frog out of here there was a frog in
here this morning grandma oh there's no
inside in the carpet a little green one
did you leave it there dude
that's what I was thinking played with
them um so Roman ordered me something
before he left
bang so I'm gonna switch over I think I
just have to switched my battery and
card over um so yeah hang on one second
tell me if it looks any better or
different or worse or anything is it
better you see now I can see myself and
make sure but I think you guys get
annoyed if I look up at the screen
I had this little tripod on my other
camera
yeah just like screws on oh I had this
one on my old camera and I think I'm
gonna put on this one but I also ordered
one of these fun guys I don't know I
don't think I want a big thing hanging
off the camera
socially cuz I like stick it in my
persons oh so that's why I like this one
so much I just got her hey ray grandma's
here
kids are playing and I'm going to go out
to the store um Kayla which is who are
exploring came in she's like uh we have
a problem so I have to go I had to go to
work so let's go she's like oh hey I
guess it wasn't that much of a problem
we just have the women stickers now on
the bags are supposed to be like this
little em sticker whoa miss whoa
so the sticker is supposed to be pink
now for the woman's but I think while
they were switching over they were still
clear and whites of we were just look
kind of confused on which ones were the
women's and which ones were the men
so yeah this is the smile Moore store
there's Emily and Kayla and we have D an
and amber and you're leaving she came in
on her day off to help us get orders out
so that was awesome
thank you so much it's so I'm not sure
if you can hear me Oh with time to nd
I'm just taking my far over to get we're
gonna get fix this thing sounds so bad
it's like squeaking and going crazy I
hope they're something like really wrong
with it I really hope you can hear me if
you can see in the back seat it's like
complete dog hair because this is the
car that's easiest to take these places
really hard for him to get in the truck
there's no AC it's so hot in here ruined
my hairdo for the day and yeah so one
way they convicted nothing really like
really bad by little Carl see you when
you're all fixed up we're gonna stop and
look at this little boat thing here oh
that's so cute I mean if I was a kid I
would hang out in here so I got a little
picnic area and you can spy on the
people that serve up there are you
trying oh this is like whoa that's a
little slick but it's really nice you
guys could see my wrist row Roman never
puts the wrist strap on it
for sure yeah
I mean this is fun I don't know I like
this thing because it has the baby swing
on it and it has like the rubber handles
is off but you know here hahaha oh my
god heard the truck out of me what did
you just see the truck and saw us yeah I
even turned around came back that's
funny
sorry bye I don't think I'm buying
anything I just wanted to come look for
some prizes yeah they're expensive
oh they're Amish made that makes that I
guarantee Aaron I like how they have it
labeled lofty view you pull up Oh
your hair is dragging in the dirt right
now so my mom just came over she's gonna
grill out and we're gonna eat dinner
together and hang out for a little while
and I am going to end this vlog right
now and send the footage over to Roman
so when he gets done he can he can
download it and start editing when he's
done so I will vlog tomorrow for you
guys not sure what we're doing yet um
all right guys I am going to end this
vlog from Ohio but I will see you
tomorrow bye ah all day rehearsal when I
see smile more shirts I know that's
gonna be a good show Pablo's getting
love did I yelling for you doesn't it
yeah uh what's up hi how are you what's
up dude are you me hug are you guys what
I'll do
one mortgage instead of how long has she
left earlier came back to give you a
howl you're here for like two hours
right now and now you're here like wait
two hours early I just don't know I need
this how you they fight over who listens
to your blog's run and yell at each
other Patel yeah watch at the same time
we watch it on our TV sometimes thanks
guys
look if you wanted to buy you a pet gate
for your dog oh you know don't borrow me
nothing but you guys are all I need then
it's not even a question like how
awesome our fans like the best polite
very nice kind people I can see it's
such a good feeling in rehearsal like
they're calling our names what to do
where to step pussy has his phone in his
hand playing this game you did that okay
I can multitask I know exactly what I'm
doing I know exactly how to say it and I
was orchestrating everything
don't be mad just because I thought
we'll see tomorrow everyone stay Oh
strong sonic don't panic Roman where are
we while Spiros right here I don't know
what that is Roman
what's a while Spiro oh man here are you
cereal in the going the camera gonna
care are more doing it go what do you
mean just go stand there go stand on
there yes then she's right next to you
oh I miss she's right next to you Roman
don't kick her oh she's right next to
you I swear you're stepping on her
almost let me catch her I got her I got
her I got her
oh my god your foot almost stepped on it
oh I got you in there you were in hell
due to Pokemon see
not oh there he goes guys I am back in
my room I really don't have anything
else for you today we literally sat in
that place all day except for we ran
down the river to fly some drones and
that is it so I am I'm so sorry that it
wasn't very entertaining but that was my
day I hope you still were able to enjoy
it hope you're keeping your head up I
hope you're being positive and I hope
that no matter what's going on in your
life you're able to just keep pushing
forward that's the most important thing
you can do love you guys so much thanks
for all the support we will see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
wait-wait-wait
