guys welcome to the vlog we are getting
a very early start none of us are even
awake yet Brittany might be away I think
you're away
kids are everybody out everybody out
let's go to the beach oh can you look
like you're barely walking that bag one
two three food no way we don't have what
we need these things are packed to the
rim did come we'll be right back we'll
be back everyone will be here in a few
minutes okay oh I know I know
we'll be right back okay you got plenty
people here the whole time we're gone
help me sups I just got a look from Zeus
that made me feel so bad hey Dawg
literally gave me a look like and he
walked away from me while I was talking
to him
these dogs are bad manners he's really
excited so you can sleep all right guys
so here we go on our big family vacation
here off this is it and I was seatbelt
on I know usually up until last year we
would start driving 14 hours
I love the Caroline houses because the
whole family got to
house that was cool yeah we used to do
the Carolina's Outer Banks Emerald Isle
Cape Hatteras almost every year I feel
like our big one since I was a little
kid and just recently we've started
going to Islands we got on our way right
now to get my mom and dad they're gonna
pile in here with us
Dale and his wife and kids are meeting
us at the airport and we're all going
Rough Rider yeah there they are we're
ready to rock
you guys getting excited Keane doesn't
look oh there it is
dad you excited I'm getting there yeah I
know it's not gonna hit till we get
there mom I'm one step closer to the
beach oh are you pursues with you
okay can I get on can you pull me like
that uh-huh
you got the life did hurricane come here
dude stand up there see how much you
weigh 35 30 36
43 pounds whoa
you got to take your backpack off 79
last time Oh 70 point are 75 feet seven
70 and a half yeah you're like an ant
you can lift a house
okay everybody line up all right
everybody close their eyes everybody
hold out one hand keep your eyes closed
we are kind of buying some time they are
doing all the detailed stuff bags and
getting us on the plane we're just
hanging out yeah I think the patience is
wearing out quickly
you think he's late for his planner he's
got to go the bathroom let's go
slowpokes
yeah there's our plane right there
that's ours you see it climb up there
you're riding on the top but I'm not
winged you see the way that's where you
get to sit because they don't have any
more seats yeah do do do do do do do do
do do do do all just don't love the pink
Panther's car ten do do do do do this is
where we're going Rob I know
hey there is no direct flights where
we're going we have to make a stop in
Charlotte multiple planes with the kids
is like I might have hair I might have
hair
hey he said you can fly no you wanna sit
in the seat do it
thanks man that's awesome no was flying
the plane
say cheese pilot seat oh this is a plane
right here
I think we owe everybody on this plane a
policy got about 40 minutes to kill this
is how we're doing it we hit the wall
we got a turn your hands smell like
pickles is that what you just said that
guy's got a poop real bad teamwork makes
the dream work okay go straight there
you go you need to put one big shirt on
so it's just one of you
as you can
yeah all right one more flight little
man
over the last ones on the plane is
Britney lost her passport did you have
his back all right here we go
off the plane a picture with me
oh we're not in Ohio anymore
yeah it's hot baby melt be melty yeah
this is us taking the drone man I can't
believe it everybody pile up sorry about
the drone bro I can't believe it it was
so much work not only packing it by
carrying the lithium ions on like so
much prep work and the worst part is I
begged Dale to bring his drone cuz I'm
one of the shots for the vlog and they
just took it you'll get it back upon any
little girl okay now come back everybody
what's up buddy
we missed you man yeah I'm with you all
this here
it's really weird driving on the left
side of the road
laughs revived repeat alright guys so
here we are on a little Atwood family
getaway back in the tropics hey Cheers
our Bahama Mama's baby our Bahama Mama's
you got nothing - Cheers
the kids are already in the pool we are
waiting on a room we have no room yet so
we're gonna eat while we wait
kill two birds with one stone look at
that right no wow I'm dying to get in
that water man dying to get into that
right there one day I'm gonna have one
of those palm trees and sunshine rain
freedom Suns for mr. Islands baby it
always rains like yeah 10 20 minutes
every day I don't think these care no I
don't care it's beautiful are you that
know they'll want to know how many
coconut trees let's buy their room
me too we're gonna eat some coconut yeah
so we're getting settled in just got our
rooms and we're up there I'm gonna Beach
let's go yeah rain shine Sun let's go
it's raining
oh my gosh wait oh can you see him oh
maybe not
day
we are actually the exact same setup as
we were last year different room same
setup we're gonna spend a few days at
this location and then we're gonna spend
some time at a different location we've
never been to I'm very excited about
that so this is our exact room that we
had last year just in a different spot
of the resort yeah it is that's a little
different I guess that pesky little rain
shower just passed by we're gonna head
out to the beach or something like that
I might need to get more sense for you
what's up little dude the hummingbird
I tried to film it no but every time we
come to these places we can't believe
that there's places like Ohio exist
every day man palm trees coconuts
flowers Wow look at that little palm
tree look at that we just take it long
it'd be dead in a week
you got Little Britain little palm hair
it is my friends the absolute beautiful
ocean I've actually never seen the water
this like murky here it's like lots of
weird stuff in the water dirty but right
out here crystal clear this is what
makes me smile right here
sit down on that 12-footer come down off
that bear on boom landed in a shark's
mouth I pull him out with one arm I
draft and the others all I could do a
shark's mouth
this boy is sleepy I can't see you're
smiling now oh man guys our time is
going so fast we just snacked a little
bit Oh perfect way to end the night
right
my hat my GoPro that will not turn off
it's stuck on I don't know what to do
with this thing that's what brought the
underwater case I've been having so many
problems with that thing I love you guys
you're the best I'm so happy to have you
all right no what are you most whoa what
are you most excited for on this trip
anything well you don't have to answer
okay this is our first this is even a
full day here yet this is a half day you
have many days to think about it we can
do anything you want snorkeling diving
with sharks one thing that I'm most
excited for right now step limb family
but the two are doing
if you can rent a boat and get a boat
yes
I've told no I'm planning to get us a
boat or we can go out and adventure and
just jump out and snorkel and wrestle
sharks yeah so even though we got in
here with only a half a day it has been
so nice and just relaxing and fun for
the family and kids
my mom and dad everybody's here and
we're just having such a good time man
thanks for coming along with us
really my lens just got all foggy like
really foggy look look at the light why
am i so bright it's like let's get one
with the kids too and your face is
blocked
Hot Tamales Eddie
the ferry ride the hot tubs so hot the
kids decided to get in the pool how's it
feeling for that hot tub get your blood
flowing boy after all these trips mixed
with business trips I'm so happy that
I'm here with all my family man that it
means the world to me honey bunny
because I think this is where we gotta
say goodbye today thanks for coming
along with us if you are really into the
family vlogs adventure vlogs that's what
we're gonna do on this trip your eyes
are red from that chlorines
they're still watering right I feel like
last time we were here I had to edit
really early and upload every night
because it takes like hundreds and
hundreds of minutes that upload
hopefully it goes smooth and there's no
worries and these vlogs just go up
smoothly that would be the best thing
ever so I'm gonna go ahead and start now
it's 9:00 p.m.
gives me plenty of time to get it
editing upload so any last words my boys
not gonna tackle you question of the day
comment of the day is what do you like
to see about our family adventure blogs
is it a snorkelling the underwater stuff
the time-lapse the maybe beautiful shots
music shots just us as a family hit me
tell me what you like just tell me what
you like we're gonna have fun either way
and I hope you enjoy them we'll see you
tomorrow your beautiful smile
oh you wish
