why is it so scary why this kiss that's
what you're doing it cuz I don't want to
do it
jack-in-the-box boom you won't get in on
this yeah pressure thumbs into it here
yeah oh boy here we go
you gotta really you got to commit the
way we act is this the whole thing's and
explode the whole kitchen baby biscuits
right but it's really just gonna go pop
ah we really hate that one off yeah hmm
guys welcome to the vlog we are home in
Columbus Ohio we're home like we're at
home dude I'm home huh I don't have to
go anywhere today
oh I have to go anywhere today get a
flash get a flash no defend yourself oh
you're both gonna play dead talk to go
anywhere today today's my last day home
before tour today is our day it's our
it's our family day
I don't want and I'm not gonna do
anything but hang out with my amazing
little Rugrats ah
oh my gosh yeah my doggies and my fish
once they wake up wake up Nemo are they
still sleeping also I have with you
you please pinkies I know it's wonders a
what oh that's hilarious she get out of
my shop babe like doing my hair here you
see I'm filming today is like today is
like soak it up with the family the kids
the dogs the house before I leave it's
really like let's soak it up while your
tongue deodorant I'd know it but it
won't go in we're just gonna hang out
we're gonna do what we normally do off
camera on camera except I probably
wouldn't be doing my hair like this I'd
y'all get me good char so you gotta get
out of here hey let's turn the camera
off bring again in the shower you got it
boy yeah the second question really
wants to fill up this pool yeah we got
to this hot are we got a little surprise
for the dogs today well we really
tremendous all people like we're turning
there's people that just like do crazy
things for their dogs now we have to
plan and enter what is it Kane
what is it now what's difference between
a dog pool and a human boy they just put
a dog on it so that they can sell it to
dogs like dogs were cool instead of
keeps up I heard it all now
who are getting it there we go teamwork
baby juice loves water when we picked
him up as a little puppy he was in a
pond swimming and we should have known
right there that it was gonna be crazy
he loves water
loves it you got it muscle man that's
like Zeus is bad
oh you don't even need air in it so a
goose teamwork makes the dream work I
gotta say guys our garden looks nice
this year look at that Wow times n times
n times and Dad ready light it up so
take a little while wait we've got two
of the hottest most hairy dogs in the
world German Shepherd and a husky all
right it's gonna take this spike and
take a while I gonna take a little while
here
is there yeah oh they're gonna love that
soon as you're drinking it faster than
we can fill it yeah oh I'm just gonna do
it go go go go Zeus is the dog that in
the middle of the winner he'll find like
a creek with busted ice and he'll lay
down in the ice and just lay there we
probably have old vlogs of him doing
that at her old house and then he dunks
his head he's hilarious
all right guys what tech we gonna do now
we would maybe get a big bucket of cold
water and go out the other door Oh kings
yeah he's got us cornered I get Zeus
he's like you guys do your thing
ja kings officially lost his mind he's
the waterboy he won't let us out what we
gonna do flash what we gonna do look
yeah
look yeah he's a he's a water zombie you
guys are so good you know I never been
out to do that I can do it now a little
bit but I never I never on that we
negotiated with Kane we're gonna do some
water balloons in exchange for the hose
get out of here
you know you a wet dude pop plop plop
plop OH
what happened oh it's this
I love how afterwards you have this
crazy sprinkler Oh mommy's starting to
fight she don't want to start I'm on the
camera I don't give a rip Eddie what
that these are cool no would take so
many balloons to fill a pool oh yeah
disconnect the eggs from the embryo
breathing it's gonna limb disintegrate
interested you have to catch it uh-oh
it's going way over here whoa sit down
ready yeah okay straddle for me jump for
that one
what jeez you know that would be super
awesome in slow motion when I say stop I
mean stop you don't have to shut it hane
you don't just shut it
Betty it just shreds the balloon whoa
says you're not gonna throw him I'm
gonna get him myself oh my he's gonna
come hit him
- one here you go oh good jump in it huh
oh no guys I don't think the pools for
me yet they're just not for me yet yeah
that's a good boy singing nerdy voice
that was a did your voice I was you
alright taking a little break from a
little water pool thing I'll say hey
where are you
Keane watch oh my gosh oh that was a bad
idea
y'all is oh yeah hmm got him nailed it
we got lights in this cave or what oh
that goes whoa
a little blown all of them hey honey
we got any other big light bulbs down
there I need um baby gate jump oh I
actually still have to pack for thwart
it show you guys these shoes we check
these out this is what I plan to wear at
least a couple nights I'll take em oh
yeah I need this box what I got all
these lame up so we can play you coming
back hey no it's white oh now we got
light landing pad connect it build this
here or turns well are you going right
now yeah no yeah okay so see I need to
know everyone's gonna think I'm used
I've used I've never used it can you
welcome down with me come on my phone
crazy what's wrong I think my phone's
going crazy
all right cynics come down with me buddy
come on you will come soon everybody
come so next part of this vlog is like a
touchy subject to me cuz I've always
been like not a good idea to do this and
Brittany's like done it since I've met
her she only lives once you're gonna use
yellow okay so this isn't brand new she
said it is new you haven't added that
long a couple months
couple months maybe yeah look at this
look at this setup towels lotions this
little secret cave back here that
probably nobody's ever seen
she got a friggin tanning bed I'm not
even kidding
that's a tanning bed I don't you really
don't need to get there you ever still
like don't they like burnt like I have
never in my life except when we did the
movie and I came out smoking
have I been entertaining them I'm very
careful that I don't burn I don't stay
long and I'll use it every day like I'm
really care how often you use it twice a
week no I usually like once a week once
a week if that did you use it this week
no I mean used it but you brought a
towel down like you're gonna use it I am
right now I haven't used it in like oh
we gonna oh so now I don't know how you
guys feel about tanning beds but I feel
like right you know what it is I've seen
too many people overuse them and they
look not even orange but like your skin
changes like you you know you put ass
leather
yeah like leather I think leathers all
over no but it's like your skin looks
right rougher
from you just got to be careful you
seriously did get out no you should tell
him tell him where you got it
don't be embarrassed it's probably the
cheapest can read you can buy I got on
Amazon that's what that's part of my
fear what if it just thing just know it
is down there it's always on what only
when you're using this bike then oh I'm
sure I'm stood I'm sure that so many of
you watching tan lots of people do it
there's literally stores all over the
place you walk in you go tanning it's
not a big deal I've just never done it
so I'm a little freaked out about that
so sure if I did I'd go that's fine it's
good it looks like something nucular is
happening it's like are you taking off
in a ship I was are you really getting
right now dude this is creepy this
blocks nothing by the way I can see
right through it are you gonna like it
here watch me what no I'm leaving I'm
leaving I'm just saying it looks so
shady back here in this corner like
you've got like towels and to crawl in
this thing
look I'm tanning right now I'm gonna
leave you here how long do you do it 15
minutes
Oh 8 dang dang girl
Ida it hey Chuck your bed
he's huh I'm going come again oh I don't
know I think flush peed the flash pee no
way he's been doing so good it's a fresh
beat it was like pee don't worry I got
it fixed oh sure oh dude look at the
sunset tonight so pretty oh man that is
really really good really really good
guys all right daddy's gotta go get a
haircut right now right right now time
is going so fast guys I hope you're
holding onto a little bit of as much as
you can and using what you have left of
your summer so wisely it's just going
without us whether we like it or not
it's going I still got to pack tonight
which is something I don't want to do
and luckily thank goodness I have such
an awesome friend that will allow me to
come over at almost 10 p.m. to cut my
hair on a Sunday night man big props to
my man John he's always helping me out
so yeah this has been our day so far
guys thanks for hanging out I hope
you're ready for this tour it is going
to be awesome Britney will be vlogging
every day every single day sending me
videos so family life will still be next
with I hope to show you what tour life
is like I don't want to just we're
living in a bus we're literally busing
from city to city so it should be
interesting I don't know I have no idea
here we go what's another journey to
take I need I owe you big-time big-time
did all the love in the world for you
right now and I know the kid the kids
are asleep upstairs it's like Sunday
night give Johnson love guys he's really
helping me out big-time that usually
means that he's gonna give me a bad
haircut it's always payback guys do do
to the SRM stuff to sell travel due to
the crap that I have to do tonight as in
packing and getting ready for tour I'm
gonna in this vlog I gotta go it's so
late it's already 11:05 p.m. I have to
be out of this house at 5:00 a.m.
tomorrow that's really for me you know
it's too early for me get these things
do you have the pack that those came in
yeah you even sound weird hmm
okay this is what they started as look
they're these little beads thank you for
everything thank you for being here
thank you for those coming on tour and
thank you guys for watching
Daly man even through the boring vlogs
the exciting but I always say this cuz
it is it means the world man it means
the world does so thank you me why me
why your guys oh yeah you want to tell
her you're gonna so Brittney is going to
vlog every day and send me the footage
if for some reason she doesn't get me
the footage then I'll have to continue
the blog without it but I think we got
it down we can do it keep your heads up
I I hope that everything in your life is
going great and I hope you realize that
maybe some things that aren't going
perfect really don't matter a lot of
things just don't matter and it's going
to turn into something that you probably
laugh about later in the future so move
forward push forward I will see you guys
tomorrow I will see you on tour I love
you guys ma'am your beautiful smile muah
1 2 3
Oh one's a guitar okay
no one's with the furthest this way
mine's gone yeah I'd open the back door
