guys welcome to the vlog we have a very
rare dated a date - a date day Brittany
and I have a whole day like we don't
have to go back
no don't have to we have no schedule
so right now we're going to the pet
store we have to go pet store before we
go somewhere else
the pet store get a monkey okay so we
were preparing you guys know we're going
on our big outward trip that's all of us
the whole family mom dad brother sister
wife
everybody everybody and I'm a sister my
brother's wife would be my what step
sister sister step sister madness and so
we're kind of out and about doing things
that we need to do for that trip coming
up very soon and then we have a couple
things that we're doing today personally
and we need to go the pet store first
yeah I'm not gonna lie baby it looks
like you should be carrying a broomstick
what up yeah what's up buddy a
broomstick I don't know you look like a
wicked witch though the good witch no
just kidding honey you know I love you
more than anything hold up
hey they're hiring you should get a job
Oh either wants you to take him home or
he wants to eat your face that's a face
eater Zeus would accidentally inhale
that thing dogs gone oh I can cuddle
with this crazy this was just a cat but
he just turned it into a bunny that's my
stuff ha ha ha about a fill tree look at
this like a little waffle is this what I
think it is is it is that a chicken leg
there on the west side oh no no small
fingers doesn't this smell good you can
try one
yeah try Allah : if a dog can eat it you
can eat it walking and get a little
adjustment chiropractor adjustment my
back is like ya know that's what happens
me go now kids go here too right that's
nothing new with my age that's nothing
to do with your age oh oh my god we're
not getting in we're not getting in we
went to the pet store just for you Wow
it's Jackson told you get on with owner
oh I got some - good good
Oh what is this one bonus I got sprays
water in my back spray water I basically
just both came in for a quick adjustment
straighten our spines I got to keep that
spine straight big perfect alright we're
in and out it was really quick it just
got an adjustment basically he twists
and turns when cracks you in a million
pieces and you feel amazing I probably
said this in the vlog before I used to
think chiropractors were such a scam I
was like what how can I help you at all
that night she made me made me come in
here one day both problems I've ever had
our stomachs and I kept pinching nerves
in my back all gone after coming here a
couple times it's crazy it's crazy it is
crazy why you'd be free I used to work
at the dental office so I was always
like hunched over and like I came in
here for like two weeks straight and I
was like oh my gosh like my back doesn't
hurt all day long yeah
it's one of the things I guess I'm
telling you this because I know there's
a lot of people watching us like
chiropractors are scam I thought the
same thing i really did--now hook like i
won't feel good yeah that'll feel good
you guys uh you guys out of school or
what no you're already out for summer
yeah
dang dude that's awesome what's up dude
yeah they hunted us down you guys want
you picks yeah yeah who can do the best
trick that's what I want to know you the
guy
you two got you got to do it for the
vlog man okay all right there's no
pressure dues like a million half people
watching it ready go for it do one more
you got this you got it whoa that's cool
I like that that's confusing I don't
even know what you just did
what's going on here little girl just
getting wing no stupid dip in here
doesn't make you pee is it warm water I
just did my pants oh it's a pampered a
pamper us today bringing her nails let's
shake it mine done you know oh for
the guy is aligned now the V there's a
line let's see it lets see it
oh I love the palm trees and it's not
focused I can't for sucks there's little
palm trees on it I love it perfect
timing for a trip yeah that's great
this is what it's like driving the GTR
and parking it in public three different
notes three different notes on the
windshield hoping this is Roman Atwood
sorry if it's not love the GTR big fan
of the channel keep them coming this
note says I love you Roman if it's you
this one says if this is running out
with cars please DM me on Twitter you
guys are like my nails match that car
yeah dead-on I drive you want to drive
yeah I have regular shoes those are not
regular shoes yes they are there's
that's not like something you shovel
manure with I'll let you drive I'll let
you tow really no no no yes right now
wait really
yeah cuz we're not going for weight
really well yeah oh my gosh automatic
donut paddle shift I don't know how to
paddle exactly just give me the first
time I've ever rode passenger in this
car is it I think it is it's nice over
here
what's a space fee like so funny are you
up against the steering wheel like
Harry's with huddle if you get a
speeding ticket before I get a speeding
ticket in this car I'm gonna die
laughing I'm not gonna see you dig it
alright I'm just saying you had a red
light can I go not until turns green how
many before this blog continues how many
of you guys think it's a good idea to
let Brittany drive my car you like it
pareo
I think I was more secure than you heard
Gary I was like have very bad idea why
because now you want to drive it all the
time so we're headed now um and I'm nine
messenger it is so weird I'm not used to
in the car like oh I'm vlogging that's
why nice
we're head enough to get some dinner
real quick and I don't know what else
we're doing can I pass in this lane pass
in this place probably probably I mean
you could but I wouldn't recommend it
let me out oh yeah you did good push the
button push the little button but I feel
like when we left me at all these things
to do today and now we really don't have
anything huh
oh we got him on down already will you
meet me even talking to Kate yeah your
life we fed it we fed a dog we got dog
train tire oh we did get my license
renewed today I didn't show you guys
that I should show you the new we did
that this morning and we had to get some
fine
that was the probably the most important
thing yeah yeah I got you okay I get it
whoa whoa whoa let me get that for you
our weakness it doesn't matter how good
we're trying to eat it just doesn't it
doesn't matter we eat it no matter what
yeah it's good
everything you ever dreamed up you know
it's funny a lot of people have thought
in the past were sponsored by alpha
never never not a brand deal not a
sponsorship never we just enjoy the
because we used to come here all the
time in the vlogs but we've kind of
slowed down a little bit with it
what is your favorite restaurant of all
time where do you go you and your family
or your friends where do you go don't
say McDonald's like a restaurant ours is
definitely this or smoky buns Oh I mean
since since the seats all the way up
we're heading to the store not gonna
take long to get there I don't think
just letting the store get a couple of
things and then we're going home like I
I had a different day and I really did
but it's been just awesome hanging out I
guess that's been the highlight honey
just kidding hahaha what's where Sun in
your eyes were running into a wall cause
you can't see how about this one does
I'm the flop face oh it's good it's huge
mm-hmm Beach which one's for me oh yeah
I've still never seen that movie by the
way little memory didn't you freak out
cuz of that well I bet you haven't seen
the original Mutant Ninja Turtles No why
am I really gonna be child repelling
beach sand beach towels no we're good
ah no it didn't
here hit me oh I dropped it quit that's
gonna hurt really bad oh don't go home
yeah the store no come on we gotta go uh
I knew it I knew it all right let's go
let's go are you sorry I'm really tired
I just like I'm a little tired so I
can't lie when he gets home safe
me personally driving us push the bank
oh you want to push the button baby
those all right guys were warping back
home we're all settled in Zeus was uh
maybe maybe you guys noticed while we
were shooting on the TV show over the
last few days he has been at Britney's
mom's house with Bo his best friend Bo
and usually that means he comes home
really tired Caine azusa bo have a party
you don't know huh I bet they did I bet
they party I bet they party like animals
he smells clean sir guys we're getting
home we're settling Brittany is in
pajamas like boom cane is ready to knock
it everyone's beat I think I'm just
gonna edit oh it's a cute picture think
I'm gonna cut this off early tonight
guys get some sleep catch up with the
little one here excuses excuses right we
love you guys we will see you again at
the outlet house tomorrow we love you
your beautiful smile more
that's how you treat the guys I build
you the awesome fish tank wha ah do you
know we got a on a plane like this
