okay okay shot to Rome that would be
nice right brother I think I think you
guys ran over some people try to get
over here from that 150 nursery
these guys all I think I ever seen
anybody run over anywhere so fast in my
life I'm guys through their bikes ran
over here we just got out here welcome
to the vlog guys we've got Brittany's
cousin with us Lauri this is all he's
been talking about all night since we
came down here is coming to the Rings
and doing flips huh oh nice dude here
goes Lauri here goes Lauri there you're
gonna have to really jump how are you oh
oh my what do you want to do man how you
know huh no oh my god can I take a
picture with you of course yeah she did
it you're good at it now you can do it
you can do it you here you go hold
yourself straight up straight up okay
see if I can put my legs in the rings I
find a good idea
I like that huh she's all tangled up
she's all thing on her oh I knew that
was gonna happen I knew it I knew it I
was just laughing so hard so I have just
a little bit of time before I forget in
my first meeting and Kane just kept
saying he wants to come down the ring so
that's where we're at right now and it's
beautiful out absolutely beautiful out
Hey okay
so need it neither break no no I haven't
done it I've never tried this either
this would be a first who can make it
the furthest how do you even start it oh
there you go that's good oh she's got it
she's got it yeah you rolling out well
yeah man what's up how are you nice to
meet you Ali thanks so much but it was
good I can do it my hands with her so
bad I think if they're like Paul oh
chalk sell oh girl just taught us she
said find pieces of chalk on the ground
oh that guy's oh he's good he's done
this before
all right I don't want it you're gonna
have to try it feel
daddy makes it look easy oh my gosh I I
definitely hit a pole
hey yeah here you go
you almost made it keep going keep going
keep going no you can do it you can do
it nah she needs a lesson man she needs
a lesson it's just my hand they hurt so
bad
Oh baby you gonna be the biggest bliss
all baby this ice-cream a go you're not
like it unfortunately I got a go little
man okay you enjoy your ice cream give
me the gun oh oh I'll be back by Lori
have fun guys
thanks again
I saw you seen that this is the home of
my manager the swirls come these are the
guys that help me do just about
everything this is working right here
I've never got to do this want to it how
do you do it I want to do it every time
I come here it's not working are you
good you see come on over actually so
you can hit either black and white or
color and I'll take three photos oh cool
let's do a color yeah dude it's the
bluish steel
we shouldn't be talking about that
what's up buddy are you a man good to
see you does it come out of here it's
supposed to Christian what up homie good
to see ya oh you knew I was coming
didn't you no actually we're all the
time here we go here we go okay let's go
do you need help with your shoes we are
going to get Caine's haircut even though
I like it long I like it long - we're
gonna keep it long on top but just cut
the sides right yep ready this place is
cool
thank you some thank you got away yep
are you ready
you're not shy you're acting a little
specific everything pain is a little shy
you okay she got your question let's sit
down
you're me
no you are that way
Lori's wanted him to get apart with an L
and he said he would but I was like no
you're too young on Mars we get a heart
smiley face if you were going to smiley
face or sir we've got my cables and
stripes then you leave it aside
Laurie yeah this haircut there it goes
it was really long it's never been now
long
is on boy
he's like I'm not gonna move she told me
not to move up my enemy
I'm gonna have her shorten the top just
in case you won't let me but hairspray
or gel in it okay yeah
do you love it
that looks good thank you guys
you're so good bye thank ya finished up
the meetings for today I have two more
days of them all good stuff all big fun
stuff that should always bring more fun
to the table Brittany went got Kane's
haircut thank God he was starting to
look rough man like really rough did
people actually said that I could care
about my son because I didn't cut his
hair it is bad hey so I get this idea
tell me this is a good idea as my
manager you should have some good input
on this okay you know that the ring game
you throw the plastic rings on the glass
bottles that appeared I want to go as an
experiment I want to see how many rings
it takes how much money does it take to
win their $5 stuffed animal like I want
to throw as many rings getting it's
hundreds of dollars you think it's a bad
investment I'll make it better with you
how I bet you don't get even just
throwing until I win I don't think you
but $500 in the hole and I still I'm in
a closed
I don't know you'll be there till then
that's my dad I don't I can't even
disagree with you right now cuz we've
thrown since I was a kid I've played
that game on and off I don't even think
I've ever seen someone win including
myself nobody ever it's rigged hey dude
yeah you look like a new boy ready or
not here I come and smell one of them I
don't know who that is not under here
okay where did they go tell me the truth
that's it I think one of them just
farted huh not in there how about we go
ride the ferris wheel yeah we wanted to
do this forever
I say thought and watch you guys bring
your hair no deal
no deal all right so for the longest
time I've tried to get Kane and Britt to
ride that ferris wheel and they've never
done it but tonight is our night huh
Hurley oh you were so hoping that he was
just a little shorter no turning back
what's the deal I read the parasol and I
okay a funnel cake a fun okay that's
fine I'll split it with you
don't dunt dunt dunt downtime I used to
love this thing oh my gosh scrambler
dude as a kid we would ride that so much
huh yeah me too
cane is your heart pounding whoa
Jane I'm so proud of you thank you are
you sitting with Danny
up here
these are the memories right here that
I'm glad I captured right here this your
first time to do this a way
here you we're going up
awesome are you peeing in my pants right
now
pretty awesome up here that one is so
bad
honey there was fireworks going off
behind you I don't want anyone to ever
see this photo
oh that's when the shark jumped out at
us music he's an egg so we meet again
little ring toss game Ritz so against my
idea I have a little - yeah this is our
game eight eight buckets three questions
alright if we don't win on these eight
buckets that would be only $30 we've
spent including last night this is $20
you spent 10 last night
six to ten people in it I don't believe
it I did not believe it
three down two one
we're down to one Lord thank you okay
all right we're doing eight more we're
doing eight more we have to one of them
more it's only that would be $50 total
that we've spent 50 keep track
here we go here we go what's up man oh
yeah
somebody better away oh man it's not
looking good guys it's not the gate it's
alligator yeah come on game come on Jane
hit the bottles more money this is a
cane This Is It this is it cane oh um
Jose Alexis and scrub my pretties lookit
alright guys we are warping into the end
of the night we got a little sleepy bugs
mm-hmm
guess I'm gonna have to ask you in
advance to bear with us on these next
couple of days we are I am in so many
weird things that I just can't film and
offices and meetings and phone calls and
it's really boring for the vlog so
luckily Britney filmed a little bit
today and saved us a little bit and King
got his hair cut you look awesome buddy
I can't wait to see it all done to big
boy you do big is what a little baby the
baby came forever how about our new
little baby a little baby we love you so
much thanks for being here on all our
days not just our fun ones or exciting
ones are uh a lot of long thank you so
much we will see you tomorrow thanks for
all of the shares we love you your
beautiful smile more you see that giant
donut you know what that is that's
Randy's Donuts dude that's been in a lot
of famous movies Suzanne was the Iron
Man yeah and he's sitting in the hole of
the donut remember I'll show you and
I've had a donor there
you haven't aren't you pull let's go get
donut
