guys welcome to the vlog today is
incredibly sunny in here so slobber on
my face today is insanely exciting for
me and the family and the house and the
company and something that we've been
looking forward to for a long time it's
finally happening today and tomorrow
I've been telling you about this i'm
super hyped the wait is over i'm about
to show you exactly what we're doing
I don't even know where to start man so
much going on let's just do it
come on let's go Mike see I'm a mic on
you ray go out with me dude they're here
rock n roll let's do it
Brittany still getting ready so I'm
gonna take you out here now let's go you
get all this fixed and then some guy
shows up and destroys your yard what's
your name my bad bro hey no big deal oh
yeah gun do the whole yard yo are you
ready for this
what is this oh my god I didn't have any
I gotta run out here I'll be back ok
here Eric oh I just changed they
want me to change shirts
I bet I can't wear this why good for the
cameras cuz it might alright guys so
I've been telling you for a week that
something's going on in here what's up
guys what are you doing here dude you're
just like you look creepy that's nice
that's nice camera
that's my new vlog camera alright guys
so over the last couple weeks I have
been telling you to guess what we're
doing in this building and we have some
special guests with us today we've got
actually how should I reveal this what
should I do
I feel like this is a lot of like I'm so
excited right now we've got Brett and
Wayde from Animal Planet's tank here to
put this crazy tank in our smile more
store you guys don't even understand
mine you just on your phone like you
don't even most texting you yeah oh
thanks you guys have no idea how
I am like I've seen every episode of
your show and Brittany Nauta use delay
and watch the show before like we had a
tank or so yeah so for you guys to be
here as a super honor and we're suit
you're getting tanked tanked you're
gonna have a beautiful aquarium meows
are you sure I've seen the show dude oh
you're gonna have a tank so thank you
guys for coming
what's up dude this isn't a first timer
all right she was here when he's gotta
put a mic when she was here when how he
was here shooting so she knows the place
only thing that sucks and you guys gonna
be really mad at me I can't show you the
tank today or tomorrow but the show goes
up within five weeks right
five weeks if it doesn't let me network
it's not me guys it's not me I tried I
tried everything's been happening super
quick today it's hard to even keep up
with the vlog here because I'm on camera
for their show so it's kind of like
multitasking and uh just lots of people
working not what are you doing up there
dude you're not playing you're not
playing pinball Kobe sign later this is
more exciting man they're gonna lift the
aquarium withstand everything out with
this guy yo you should let Brittany
Drive
yeah I think Britt should pull the tank
out dude oh my god get out get out get
out get out no no uh-uh yeah you know to
drive into the ditch to snap
well yo come over here actually let's
come back here I'm gonna be honest with
you guys like I'm containing my
excitement on this vlog like it has been
equal to one like you're a kid and
you're waiting for Christmas morning
that's how I felt for about a month now
like every damn it's so excited for this
and I'm trying not to show it on the
mall too much but I'm going crazy you
know I'm going crazy I love how they're
actually like moving it I know the TV
shows yeah usually it's like oh yeah a
crew comes in do this shot and then the
crew comes in and does it yeah doing it
I'm not gonna lie that's how I thought
this was I really did I thought they
were gonna show up a crew is gonna come
bring the tank no it's Wayde Brett and
their team doing everything their hands
on holding the tank pulling out with a
forklift they are doing it all awesome I
love it
look it Todd looking like it acting like
he's doing something this is the stand
they're bringing out the stand
you like it you see the tank that's the
fish tank
talk to me Todd there's a lot of
plumbing there's a lot look at all the
products yeah Oh God
there's a lot of pieces to the puzzle
for a fish tank it's not that easy it's
not we got a lot of pieces we got to put
the puzzle together
my god is it crazy Oh hmm ain't Crazy's
a good word for it
alright look look at the this is
actually my tank this year right here
just for the catering this is this is
the real the real positive side look at
a key
that one the yellow one good and you
guys have to eat food to not just
cookies
is it good part me yeah the good thing
is Fischer in town
CGT glad dan yeah all right we're moving
along Wayde Brett I need you you guys
come on Phil without we're working let's
go you get you guys ready you guys ready
for this hey everybody everybody likes
this room this is the room of the house
right here I need I need you guys to hop
in yeah have some fun man you guys need
to take a load off this is one of the
most used rooms in the whole house and
then we sweep we cycle out the balls
shovel you know those are flat and flat
balls oh my god all right for real we
gotta work we got to film listen I
didn't receive there you go
are you guys ready I'm very comfortable
on there you got balls on your chin you
steal it from me
Oh where's the key that's not good you
had it last
we got a little downtime here they're
doing a bunch of interviews and things
on camera we are just goofing off
can you take a little ride we know you
had it while I was in China hot dog in
hot dog a hot dogging hey mommy's
looking bit key am i running here what
you got
no I'm putting my hand in a magnet yet
respect it Oh what inch that's nothing
well that so if you're go ahead and
shake your hand first you can put your
hand in here like right there oh there's
nothing okay yeah don't snap it just
don't snap it you wait you might want to
read this writes it use with extreme
caution
everything says that I'm just kidding it
was nothing
what do you mean it's dead I'll put the
charger on it the razors done this
thing's been having problems with that
battery where's that charger sorry I
don't know why I'm vlogging this sorry
Keener's daddy I'll charge it up that
charger needs that jumpstart these stars
I can go around the top look at you miss
mechanic yeah
hope this has some juice some Juicy
Juice Wow it is shocked oh it's supposed
to do that way sure yeah this may be the
last time I see you dude take care of
the picket have all take care of the
pinball machine okay hey I love you
when I
I'm a man a man
you think you can pull Noah you're gonna
try to pull no on that chair here we go
we're not bring your chair over oh you
got it dude that was awesome his weight
overpowers you look at my face it's
stuffy tell them what I just did got
inside the aquarium ha ha me Cain and
Noah got inside the aquarium all right
guys we're working past a little bit of
time tonight um today has been
incredibly insane I think more for us
then you I'm a little disappointed that
I haven't got to show you the tank and I
believe me I fought for it extremely
hard all day and it's just a no-go
so be patient the tank is unbelievable
like I can't like I was a little
speechless today how about you I was way
crazier than I expected it was literally
I expected something way kind of cheaper
cheesier but it was just like it was
insane honestly feel like such a letdown
today because of the buildup on this
tank and and I could have had to hide
this from you guys for months like I
couldn't say nothing they've been you
know redesigning the building and adding
walls and digging the concrete out and
there's so much build-up for this and
then today literally this morning you
can't film the tank until it airs that
part just crushed me like crushed to me
because like I vlog so you guys can see
what we're doing I couldn't show you the
tank so a few weeks it's not long at
least it's not like most TVs like oh
that's gonna air six months from now no
up til five weeks it could be in two
weeks I mean three weeks so it's not bad
thanks for understanding I fought for
you guys all day and it just can't have
it would ruin the show if I showed it to
you so
um other than that were exhausted beat I
got it way earlier than I'm used to
getting up and and then we worked all
day we were on TV all day we were miked
we were on cameras we were I was trying
to vlog and it's just it was uh let me
just tell you it's a dream for me to be
doing that today like that show we've
seen every episode of the show I know
and when we were getting miked up it
like hit me on like holy crap we're
gonna be on that show that we like sit
down watch all the time it's gonna be so
crazy even even harder hiding it from
you guys because it was like um man I
don't not explain it
life's awesome if you keep working and
just push forward man don't ever go back
where just feel like you're not been in
the shop sorry no it's my fault
I'm a little exhausted we're gonna edit
get some sleep and uh yeah we'll see you
tomorrow guys thanks so much for hanging
out and we love you so much I'm really
tired
you know get my little baby to bed then
start putting no to bed but keen even
now I'm going to put you to bed
Go Daddy to bed I love you guys you're
beautiful you're one of a kind small
more oh oh this thing's the great
I'd say another like 2-3 hours of this
