hey guys welcome to the vlog I am home
back in Ohio if you didn't watch this
week I've been in China if you did watch
thank you for coming along with me is a
lot of fun we are working on someone hey
nice come here I missed you so much all
this going on this ain't even a joke
well I wish you'd do much man to get
something funny to say we are working on
a million different things as you can
see by these couple cases here we are
probably going on a trips in family trip
we have huge special guests coming to
our house tomorrow that means we got to
rebuild this house mama what's up party
animal yeah I don't know not me I'm not
partying yet solo cup bag oh nice you
got me though you got me the right color
too awesome
this is sick
hello your guitar on your back yeah
Ornelas seven Easter egg sounds about
right
so we're home we're working on so many
things I don't even know where to start
the trip is happening soon whole family
all the Atwoods mom dad brother kids our
kids we do it every year things are
finally getting done around here check
this out it doesn't look well I mean it
still looks rough but it's all leveled
grass seeds laid what I want I know
still a bit of a wreck but it's coming
along and actually they filled all the
holes out here too and they finally
moving the propane tank probably doesn't
interest you guys at all but you know
this is our vlog yeah girl get it pick
something up
you're gonna accidentally start it and
drive right through this fence get out
get out you're definitely gonna break
something keys in it we should go take
grandma's car oh my gosh
boom let's go show in the store oh that
was awesome
the girls have started hanging the fan
art check it out I love it Wow what you
what's your favorite one come on what's
your favorite which one your girls are
fighting it right ah this is nice this
one's pretty awesome yeah the family
family band thank you
they're all great so they got to start
on that finally and it's great and then
we put Faneuil week here I don't think I
ever told you guys but we did a couple
sponsored softball teams this year this
is one of the teams um team smile more
check that out a t-ball team I mean
wouldn't uh might work so we have three
teams three three two three girls and
t-ball that's awesome man know you want
to go
then then dad and you still stuck no I
passed nice you don't go with me I can
see your excitement you ready to build
these I gotta go I gotta go
alright we love you we're out of here
we're gonna go hey we'll see you will
see in five days okay bye
what you wanted power washer a power
washer my girlfriend wants a power
washer all I hear that all right look at
this drawing Ray's power washing I need
to clean up backwards and down
here we go blue the rainbow nice
we are going out to do something so
exciting
like mine
you want to tell them what we're doing
it's one attack because I don't even
know if I have the ability to tell what
we're doing
beep oh we gotta get salt for a water
softener dude that's it's so exciting
we're out doing anything I've been gone
I I didn't get salt before I left you
guys know I was supposed to and now I
gotta go get it right now so that's what
we're doing maybe maybe go just once it
gonna play maybe get into a little
antics while we're there oh the famous
flowers to give it give you 60 seconds
car washes give us 90 seconds give us 90
second it was 30 more seconds on the
dryers you can't get the car drive you
cannot do it in 60 seconds look I'm
still soaked
it's just not enough and they know it
they know it they know what to give me
I'll pay one extra dollar
give me one extra minute that should be
an option
it's Diagon Alley back here man so green
on camera it's not a green light at all
what is going on with my camp though
it's super green on yeah
Oh weird they actually do have colored
bulbs dude have you ever seen a black
light they're like I don't know it makes
weird things glow like these white spots
will probably glow I guess I would be
fool that's really cool Oh red red makes
butterflies come out of your butt when I
was young they sold him like big strips
I'm sure they still haven't but big
black light strips they were crazy
well yeah yeah actually they were that
long but I don't know maybe like that
hmm it's not I would rope it's just not
out Woodrow
here's a little lesson for everybody if
you don't own one of these
just get one just get it just get a fire
extinguisher man think about think about
it think about it you know little Cain
run around with flame thrower catches
the couch on fire you got have these
type of items in your house and don't be
foolish
laughter that's true just for the record
we came for salt salt look at all this
that's the power of a properly designed
store right there well we left with a
whole bunch of stuff and we got two bags
of salt that is not enough salt Wow
I was super missed I've only been gone
for like an hour
are you ready to race my guy says hey
well it's pretty much perfect outside
and beautiful weather like perfect the
best temperature 75 degrees
so since I was a little kid my mom and
dad obviously you know they own their
own company I was there since I was a
little kid like you probably even
younger working if I wanted to make
money they always have things for me to
do so I always try to offer my kids
things they can do to earn money so this
is super simple dude super simple this
is how they come and this is how they
come to me all you got to do is package
them stack them where's the wrappings
happy
good question you were gonna ask that I
knew it wasn't gonna have the answer uh
uh where's the bubble wrap for the Pens
I might be out and because we just
ordered bags rather the bubble wrap and
the more serious question is what are we
going to name this I was going puppy the
pups
hey it's pops a man it's pops
I'm loving this wall guy seriously sin
more artwork send all the artwork we're
gonna do this whole wall with you guys
your art look how much room we have we
still do have a lot more to hang up
though so I don't know we're gonna have
hey you better let me in our house looks
like just me and users looks like just
you and me buddy had to come this way
cuz you keep locking me out what we're
gonna do with this kid he's the ruler Oh
Cain you have the best mommy in the
whole world
put it on put it on team
Oh Oh
this thing's a great
I'd say another like two three hours of
this oh you're the best
Thank You Nonie you want to do it I just
fired up the grill while heating up
Brittany's like massage time you came oh
you want me to do oh now you got me no
ma'am
will about to eat like kings Cain I'm on
your team you can't luck no I'm a I'm on
your team buddy I'm on your team what do
you say we could be best buds all you
gotta do is unlock that door I can't
believe you fell for that never lock me
out again
don't you ever lock me out again this is
my house you hear me
I'm wider and check out my food okay a
pretty special night at the Atwood house
when we're using real plates and real
silverware and real sweet corn thanks
for the corn baby doll how is it dude -
good
Wow no mellow here little mellow here
everybody tired sometime I know you're
tired to get me up late last night
I know you're tired ain't on let's show
let's just let's shut the door oh oh you
see I ain't on let's show let's just
let's shut the door oh oh oh you see
okay
all right yeah okay ready
Oh Turner
hey candy cane hey candy King ah
daddy's home ah guys got to take a
minute throw some love to our sponsors
audible.com you guys hear me talk about
these guys all the time
awesome company for audio books I mean
thousands and thousands and thousands
and thousands of books and if you're
like me I'm not making this up not a
very good reader man like I can read I
can read I can I can read really well
but I don't comprehend it everything I
read is like gone books make you smarter
straight up man look at the smartest
people who will read lots of books
that's a fact
like there's no denying but now we have
the ability to listen to the book so if
you're like me and even I know a lot of
you get to listen to books in school now
so go to audible.com for word slash
Roman you get 30 days free just try it
out man it's awesome it is it's the
future dude it's 2016 we're listening
the book in the shower in the car
anywhere pretty much you can now listen
to it so check it out links in the
description audible.com forward slash
Roman you're gonna love it
don't be skeptical I'm telling you
alright guys so one of the things we
have been doing at this house mainly
Britney I can't take any credit she has
been collecting and working out like
crazy look at her look at her I'm good
hey she's been collecting all these
little weights all these little things
just just use this
KZ you hang out was it a swing what do
you do with this
I'm not sick I don't even know how to
use this thing like you just hit it
that's what I do
hi this box of 101 folks she's a you
know the color pink makes me strike
harder OOP no I can entertain you
entertain you with that like are you
think Samia no do that all day no I
would do that for a minute not crash is
my wrist hurts I love that this is
turned into the old abandoned smile more
shop like this this is where it all used
to be it's so crazy and I worked a sweat
down there man
oh it's your sweaty huh guys we have
something so amazing for the next two
days here at the house I'm so excited I
mean it really is like surreal it's a
dream come true I cannot wait to bring
you along on this we have an incredibly
early start tomorrow way earlier than
I'm used to so I'm going to end this
vlog edit it get ready for tomorrow I'm
like I'm genuinely excited I can't wait
to show you so it's been a big secret
and it's happening tomorrow and just
finally it feels like tomorrow's
Christmas to me like it's crazy you
ready for tomorrow boy huh you ready I
love this dog man he's always got his
ball always you're sleepy we played hard
today we played hard today you're beat
you know I know when my dogs tired
doesn't talk doesn't say a word just
lays you know everybody wants you to
make a workout video right like what
Brittany does and the workout we see it
like they tweet you they I'll find it
that's crazy
maybe one day make her do it I think
it'd be great it could be
very influential you help people yeah
yeah why not we have to go guys can't
wait for tomorrow tell us in the
comments should Britney make workout
video on the ball I can work out what
what does Britney do bracelet is we're
giving you two we love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow you're beautiful you're
one of a kind smile ah so here is the
all day they were not so rattled
Oh
