hey guys welcome to the vlog we are
leaving the beautiful over in Utah right
now and it's beautiful you're out of
here is time to say goodbye let's do it
so I'm go home boy we've had a blast man
this whole area has been amazing you
guys ready to go home you just wanna
stay here forever I'm excited to go home
and see Zeus and see all the flashes
poop piles so small crates see you dudes
see dude glad we got let's hug it up
let's hug it up we'll do hugs all around
by Daxton hey girl that's so much fun
oh I like it here so much are you sure
we should just move out here family we
have to convince the whole family we're
we're not leaving without mom and dad
and brother they'd all have to come it
would be a big giant trip
all right we got about an hour and a
half ride to the airport
which should be a beautiful view and
then we're off baby 2 flights today all
right let me ask you guys a serious
question all right and take me seriously
Nessa
would you be would you be mad at your
puppy if when he pooped in your house he
could make little sculptures out of it
like what if you went out and it was
shaped like a little duck would you
still be mad
is that the dumbest question you've ever
been asked I got this way so yesterday
when we were at the trixin store they
didn't have this shirt and cane size but
they did have a girl's shirt on that
side so Keene is wearing a girl shirt
you can tell by the sleeves you know we
told him straight up never these four he
doesn't all right dude here's the I've
never seen one of these out in real
public so give me five dude that's
awesome
I saw you coming I looked at it probably
ten times I'm like is that really a
smile rat dude awesome oh you guys are
the best he's spying on the kitchen use
kitchen spies
what are you a policeman now what you
think I'm gonna tickle you
we got a little time we're eating real
quickly and then we're off we're getting
on our plane Hey
oh you're the chicken please you want it
look how much trust you got having me
I'm just you sometimes you got to open
it open it open it always going back for
it we just saw this guy drop luggage
he's going back for it good good good
think that one's ours
we're flying all the way to Michigan do
you know where Michigan is it's right
above Ohio tough decision although our
flight is boarding we almost forgot our
Utah magnet cuz we have never been here
you would find a cupcake lon
dude I'm digging the barrel now in the
tree although we saw a moose here but
that it would remind us of the moose
that jumped in front of our car yeah I'm
gonna moose in a bear get one for
downstairs no okay next stop is Michigan
let me see see you got a gold one man
you wanted to fly the plane I was like
they don't know Cain yeah just land it
in Michigan this is where you go this is
where you yell oh age yes I had a good
idea you know what's cool I always come
through this tunnel in the vlogs when
I'm traveling by myself you know good it
feels to have you mommy
Kane with me in this tunnel feels
awesome when you walk through here with
you guys
yes you walk well buddy
imagine being on a skateboard on this
Joe look who's in the airport
read this text over his whole face
35 minutes later as the quickest flight
I've ever been I've done that flight
before the shortest flight I remember
was LA to San Diego that was really
quick but maybe that was quicker you're
a genius I think you're some kind of
mastermind what is that
where's Clifford the Big Red truck the
other you gonna give them a tip give
them a tip see thanks guys you guys Rock
well just like that a whole day of
traveling we're home we are home feels
good - you gotta be Russian
I think car seats are so if you're a
parent if you're a parent and you cannot
wait to get your kids out of car seats
they are the worst best safety thing
ever it's the worst input car seats in
and out hate it hate it
hey beautiful night in Ohio it is
absolutely perfect outside and no rain
amen
I think last time we flew in it wasn't
rainin either so we're onto something
house let's go see the doggies let's go
huh huh are they gonna go crazy I'll
know who's more excited Zeus Jeezy got
bigger he definitely got bigger look at
that oh my gosh he is getting big fast
hey Zeus people husband boy huh
hey mama what's up woman oh yeah always
good to be home
yeah well man come on
saw dude all right you guys mom the size
of this dog when we left look he's a dog
now
flash flash oh man he's looking so cool
he's a big baby though no we need a
potty trainer that's what we need we
need someone that knows what they're
doing it's just giving him a treat each
time he goes I said he's not getting it
he's not getting guys he's still going
in our house he hasn't gotten Matty
here's what's here's the weird part we
take him out and he goes were like yeah
and then he comes in any gobbles okay
well he just need three different times
out there that's what I mean he goes he
goes then he comes in and goes it's like
he's he's got a non-stop go
he's a goer he's a doer he's a dude to
her that's gonna do yeah so
unfortunately we spent most of our day
traveling home and I think I just spit
everywhere get my shower cleaned up back
to your old self it's a little wild up
in the mountain
something he'll start living like a man
Ivan Ivan grew my beard out for that
yeah what was your favorite part of the
whole trip um look at me not your
octopus look at me boy of course is all
I always I say is hanging out with
everyone and being with everyone yeah
mmm your favorite part that we did we
did a lot we did a lot of just hanging
out like as a big family like we didn't
like go do a bunch of crazy stuff we
hung out on the property but the bobcat
that I'm dying to get now I liked
everybody's comments they're like well
Brittany got a puppy you can get a
bobcat huh
no the skid-steer it's a play on words
it's a play on words like a cat
like a bobcat like a little small Bobcat
you know anyways it is getting late
already and yeah good night buddy I love
you so much
I love you too you miss him already good
night so while we were gone this week we
had a bunch of people come in like
literally go through all I don't know if
you guys seen it up here before we left
but it was like piles of toys all the
way out here we literally let people go
through it and just pick toys because
they've just been sitting everything
from like toys we've bought to two piles
of fan mount years of sin it's just
collected and dope up and it's all gone
to good use now and other people are
playing with them I don't know it's
pretty cool
dude it's so different up there it's
like a whole new upstairs we can
actually play up there now my big furry
baby my big very wild animal he's so
tired oh they can't even hear me can't
even hear me this is if we didn't have
kids
this would be our this would be our
family right here is this is Noah and
and Kane you good you guys thank you for
going out west with us thank you for
coming home with us ah the shortages
Rashmi
what oh-oh here comes be on Brittany's
honor they may like make me all ties you
can come for you know they make you Jana
and you make them young thanks for
coming home with us and being a part of
our journey every single day we love you
so much I am NOT vlogging tomorrow I'm
taking the day off I'm gonna catch up on
many things that need to get done while
we've been gone and I just don't feel
like if I bought it it's either gonna
suck not upload or it's just you know
I'm gonna get a lot of excuses excuses
taking tomorrow off I love you guys so
much thumbs up if you're with me on that
and support me on that we will see you
the next day
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
do it again
