hey guys welcome to the vlog now before
this vlog get started I'm gonna tell you
a quick story I never expected to start
the vlog this way let me just get into
it che basically gets me up this morning
with this this big idea like the
craziest idea I've ever heard of I think
but after hearing the story which I'm
gonna let him explain because he'll do
it better than I I stand by him a
hundred percent on this so I want him to
take over this vlog for a minute and and
just hear him out on this uh you know
one of the craziest ideas that I think
you'll see on YouTube so give it away
you're lucky actually didn't come wake
you up at 3:00 in the morning last night
because I had this idea last night and I
tweeted just had an idea remind me of
this tweet but I think we should take
the rest of the vlog in here as I tell
the story you want to get inside when I
get in here
this thing is ridiculous Shay are you
kidding me come get in we can sit in the
back of the Friday show you that it's
amazing
hold on tight so this next piece is
gonna catch you off guard a little bit
okay so what's going on everybody
um last night I was going to bed and I
was reading Twitter I was reading the
events of Dallas Texas and just so many
did you see the poor girl who was live
streaming on Facebook and her boyfriend
was shot five times that brave brave
lady she kept it together and there's
just something going on right now we got
to stop what are we gonna do why are we
shooting each other and ever since like
the shooting in Orlando at the pulse
nightclub all of these things that are
happening I felt this like
responsibility to say something or to do
something like we all have Roman and I
were talking like what can we do what
can we say and so I want to tell you a
story of something that happened to me
in San Francisco about a month ago when
I was going to record the Tim Ferriss
podcast to keep this pretty short Tim
Ferriss it has one of the biggest
podcasts on the internet he's
interviewed Kevin Costner Jamie Foxx
Arnold Schwarzenegger Tony Robbins you
name it the who's who of success in the
world
has been on Tim Ferriss podcast luckily
by some stroke of pure who knows what he
was kind enough to ask me to come and be
on the podcast so a month ago I was in
San Francisco standing on a curb waiting
for an uber to show up as I was waiting
for this uber to show up I'm kind of
like introspectively thinking man
everything in this life happens for a
reason like how cool is it that I'm
going to be on this Tim Ferriss podcast
this girl pulls up is my uber driver I
get in and just start chatting this girl
up because that's just how I am I'm a
talkie guy turns out she is trying to
raise money to build a hospital in
Ethiopia it's a crazy story uh she
started about four years ago with a
friend of hers that friend in her
started building this hospital in
Ethiopia and they ended up getting a car
wreck and he died and she was sitting in
the passenger seat so now flash forward
to 2016 this hospital is half built her
friend who started building the hospital
with her has passed away and she feels
the responsibility of finishing this
hospital last night as I was watching
the third puce video as I was reading
the news about all these police officers
shot I'm like what can I do what can I
say and so I thought what if I helped
that uber driver that I met a month ago
build that hospital by auctioning off my
brand new Tesla Model X and then we
built that hospital just because we got
to do something like I don't know what
the solution is either we're shooting
each other people are dying and
everything like what do we do what do we
do I don't know either but here's what
I'm gonna do I'm gonna auction off this
car to one of you and then all of the
money that is raised from that auction
is going to go to build this hospital in
Ethiopia this has to happen so what I am
proposing to you internet to the
millions of people who are coming to the
roman atwood channel right now let's use
this influx for good let's let's do
something yeah this is the part that
gets tricky and this is the part that we
want to make sure is done perfectly
need to know how do you do this the
right way
how oxygen off such a vehicle how do you
how do you do this with proof and with
documents and with all the things needed
to make sure that this is 100% authentic
and that is the holdup right know what
people are going to say we know people
are going to think this is a scam but we
are just you know us we've been making
YouTube videos for eight years we want
to know so we're asking you guys to help
us what's the best way to raffle off a
car like this how do we get it to the
person is there a service that will help
us do that what do we do yeah yeah and
maybe maybe you or your parents own a
company that does this type of service
reach out to us please help us figure
this out because this is something huge
above our heads and we don't want to get
stuck in a position that we accidentally
got into we want to make sure this is
awesome we want to make sure this is
when it's done everybody is so happy and
it's cool and it's great and we did
something huge Shay gave away his Tesla
better hurry because I might change my
mind har I waited seven months hang on
let's just show them but with us first
of all I don't know how to get out of
the way here I'll get you out wait does
it for you yeah okay you can't even get
one of these hardly and look at this
look at that look at the door dude over
here close to the wall it is right yeah
I think this is gonna hit the wall I
think it will it doesn't oh it knows
keep it in look at that this car could
be yours this car could be yours for the
low low price of five dollars per Apple
ticket what do we what do we set the
raffle tickets at we exam we don't know
how this works but I'm telling you this
in the next ten days let's make a time
commitment in the next 10 days we're
gonna figure out exactly how to raffle
off this car and get the money to that
hospital in Ethiopia just to do
something to help this human species
that's really suffering right now this
is serious help us out and Shay is going
above and beyond I think I don't even
know how to express how I feel about it
it's pretty crazy I mean this car is
unbelievable
it so we got to figure it out we are
going to figure it out Shay is going to
do this these are more important than
things so like I said I did not expect
to start this vlog like this ever
Shay came to me this morning with this
idea he wanted to launch it on this
channel let's do it man I'm all about it
dude
I I hope you build that Hospital I
really do we're gonna make it happen I
mean I just I felt for so long that you
know I want to do something and we can
all do something and I think this is
what we should do because things happen
for a reason so I got in that lady's
uber that day and I'm gonna fulfill when
I told her that I was help why I would
help her build that Hospital so how how
do we do this let us know yeah please
help us it's it's a big thing look at
this car dude
it's from the future it makes zero noise
it's silent silent how many miles there
are 56 miles on the 56i you've really
enjoyed this thing really broken Wow
what's you doing buddy really oh my god
boy with my own heart they're doing the
sled and man you guys built hold forts
down here also know is obviously dead
you out how'd you die dude second salad
alley so now it's you you and them but
therefore it's so big there's nerf
battles it's sledding down the steps
it sounds like great time you're the
most comfortable dead person I've ever
seen she's got snacks she's got blankets
I'm fun so we're good at this now and I
still can't believe I did this in the
livestream I jumped I jumped from up
here I ran and jumped down to that love
sack it just looks so high wait what are
you doing oh my gosh dude you guys are
getting too brave oh you are crazy okay
hey you guys ready take a little trip I
think oh here we go
last one you ready for a road trip this
is bad you pop as you pop the movie
screen to him dude a bike store really
this is where we're stopping I spend all
day in here you got to take one home
with you I can't carry on you never
carry on as a bike right no more no more
bikes come on I'm gonna go browse so we
are going on a little road trip blue for
God we're going on a road trip we're
headed up we're all getting a hotel
together tonight which should be
interesting yo yo I like ten rooms one
for each of you suspect it's gonna it's
electric it's an electric bike now I
could do your 50 mile ride with that how
many miles can you go on this anyone
would take those it goes up steep hills
you just give it a little juice like
this and the motor kicks in is you just
paddle it dude oh you just pedal it
it'll go
can you feel it
that was our stomp around the theaters
by this is technology boys excuse us
Shanghai's her barely pedal pays off
yeah Wow here he goes
take you
I can't explain on camera how it works
you just the more you pedal the faster
it goes like a normal bike would but it
doesn't call you yeah
like boost its like power boost
you see these crazy mountains nein so
cool out here man
I absolutely I did fall in love with
this place a little bit it's like
breathtaking out here
we uh first of all really hope you've
enjoyed the time we've spent with the
Shaytards we are all we actually have
three vehicles with the Shaytards we're
heading uh I don't even know exactly
where we're going but we're all getting
a hotel together and this will be our
last night with and we're actually
flying home tomorrow morning which a
little bummed about but I'm also excited
to go home for a couple days so yeah I
hope you have enjoyed our time out here
with the beautiful shades man what a
great time we've had such a great
families and time with you know we've
had such we've had such a blast and I
think us together has been like the
ultimate like it just feels right man
it's like two families coming together
it feels like one big family I feel like
we've known forever
see ya we're just taking a little road
trip now
getting a hotel I think they have a
pools we're gonna play an act like that
just get a look at it
hey beautiful
shit
you can sleep in no never
that's easy honey
all right we've made it we've landed
where we at we are in Logan Utah Cache
Valley Mall is trixin place even open no
we're good after hours I know we
couldn't bring you guys to a mall you
guys we get mobbed so we have to go
after our guys are gonna get the Willy
Wonka experi nice that chocolate water
you better have that bubbly room I've
always wanted go inside a mall when it's
closed all right guys so you guys know
that we have our own smile more merch
and that we sell it you order it and we
ship it to you well imagine having a
smile more store a physical store in a
mall where you come that's what shea has
you can sell your smiles for stuff in
here what I would love what do you guys
think Emily cool what's up here it'd be
cool Wow
they got their whole thing up their own
store dude this is so inspiring to me
you every want it yet yours do you get
burning down if you want get out of here
super super inspiring to see the ability
to everyone store where you get actually
walk in and buy so cool olá do it again
go go you got it good job kick again
kick again oh he's getting it this is
what the malls like when it's closed
all right I've signed the wall a great
wall of signatures you want sign it you
should you should totally sign it
where's Britta I'm trying where is it
yeah I see I see there we go
we got Noah on there I've lost it I hope
you guys like dude gotta go to the pool
it's time to go swimming got one hour to
play in there ready I'm gonna sue it
make it count
got us a little hotel here ready have
some fun
hey one hour's better than nothing
yeah let's do it get change quick
this is nice oh yeah hey echoey hey
first start and hot tub is for sissies
oh yeah it's a little shocking going
from there there hey let's see that race
go go go go
No
loading in you get like serious distance
you grow out and then spin it's awesome
go for it you're halfway on the pool
it's time to say good don't cry stop
don't hurt no don't cry
stop it will built we'll build a little
hot in there on their Hill okay okay get
jealous he does good we event so much
fun guys
high five you guys Rock I think you made
some friends bread look at Kane he's
like your mind I know I'll see you next
year bye buddy
this has been so much fun hope you guys
have enjoyed us hanging out as one big
family I know we have had a blast thanks
for having us again dude love you dude
for the third time all right we're gonna
do a big group photo and then we're
gonna end this vlog so I'm still filming
everybody I'm gonna make the thing fix
my background let me see it let me show
them we just did a little family picture
together action came out so good I
should post this up I like the funny yes
is it no it's pretty good I think
everybody's smiling yeah where's the
funny one I'm going this this these two
oh there it is
that's pretty good choking hmm all right
we got our beds made ready to go it is
now time for us to say goodbye it's been
a great day it's been a great week but
all great days and grey weeks have to
end ha ha ha nobody's even paying
attention to me at all to tell you this
all right guys we love you thanks for
hanging out with us through the last few
days it's been amazing it's been so much
fun thanks for showing us not just us
with the Shaytards so much love you guys
blew their channel up and it's been
amazing to see us at 1 in 2 on the on
the on the chart it's been insane to
thank you guys for being so loyal and
showing everybody that we we bring into
our vlogs you give them
so much love so thank you for that we
love you yes we do we will see you
tomorrow we are headed home back to Ohio
dr. Wahby looks yeah we yeah I'm excited
me home I am but you said again the
flash Boop it's just gonna be like a
hole you have to crawl through it
tunnels oh there is obviously somebody
taken care of
yeah there's always people in our house
we love you guys will see them all
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
they have just built this morning this
dude you going over it no it's
definitely not ready hey no just dumb
it's not ready not ready I you know
there's not ready
