hey guys welcome to the vlog we are in
the well if you missed yesterday's for
we are in China we are in China right
now I've had about two hours of sleep I
did however figure out how to upload to
YouTube so there was a vlog yesterday
and hopefully this vlog goes up okay
we're moving baby moving and grooving
like two hundred US dollars turned into
eleven hundred and eighty eight UN's
you'ens
UN's thing I'm saying alright hopefully
let's do this
oh we get this again yeah we get this
again today you really get you
the weather is perfect
Zeus oh he heard me Zeus Zeus how'd you
get the chart I'm trying to figure out
the best way to explain to you guys what
we are doing today Joe maybe you can
help me stop playing that stop let me
let me play it let me play it this is me
singing in John snapchat you ready
filter I'm gonna do I help me out help
me out buddy what are we doing here man
what are we doing amazing when your
manager calls and says you have to go to
China I explained to him what am i doing
I just really wanted to see China you
want to go yes running a marathon on the
great wall you use me to get here yes
that's kind of right you're getting it
guys okay there's no way because
this is a fly oh my god don't stop plum
stop what up yeah here we are what ya do
what's going on here man red carpet is
our common what does this mean everyone
everyone everyone maitre everyone also
well these little guys The Wonderful
Wizard of Oz did it get it get it e
vanity anima crown I feel like uh
sprinkle let me try my best to explain
what I'm doing here in China imagine
there is no Facebook there is no Google
there is no Twitter no YouTube no
snapchat most of the things that we know
and love and use every day they don't
have in China they do have their own
social media so here's what happens
China has their own versions of social
media when the largest company in China
offers to fly me here to personally meet
with them that's why I'm here to be
completely honest I was hesitant about
it and I was like for weeks I was like
yeah I don't know I don't know I don't
know and in my manager was like straight
up like dude if you've ever listened to
me in your entire career I think you
should go on this so I'm here and I'm
checking it out I'm about to do a speech
on stage and then we are free to explore
China punk
we can do a hit we can pack it up now
you got the shot
we got the pic so we're good thanks for
having us and we will we will see you
later
goodbye goodbye yeah we got to go so you
guys know I'm pretty tired today I got
about two and a half hours of sleep so
they got me a Chinese Red Bull look at
this look at this this is awesome
Chinese write a bowl it's either a can
of motor oil or you're gonna let me they
have a climbing wall
yeah gif to get a plan I have to use a
blade for the top there is my sister
Bell today so I even better I think
this office is awesome
I say that it J oh yeah I don't know
nothing about that just just so I'm
clear this cat has his own office is
that what I'm looking at here an entire
office dedicated to this cat what's the
cat's name bitchy
you know some Red Bull Red Bull this cat
has 200,000 followers on their social
media alright red bow in China is not
Red Bull in the US there's no
carbonation it's almost like an apple
juice it's good but it's it's not the
Red Bull that we know well that one's
not me
so that one is you wait with me that's a
girl that's a girl that's a lady
oh it is me kind of you know you they
would know these are works of art look
at that and I bring this is what I do I
bring my viewers everywhere I go you
guys won't say I told lie
Sunkist I believe coca-cola sprite coke
Zero so of course they got an awesome
slide in their building I have to go do
that dude I got a dude I know we're
doing it we can we go right now I'm
gonna make a fool out of myself you
ready
I tried to push him anything happen all
right we are in in our dummy did a
little speech on stage in front of some
not exactly sure who they were all with
but uh it was pretty fun but for me to
take a photo you have to take a photo
with me everybody say everybody say
cheese okay wait for the flash make it
make it face make your face yep we have
did it flash it did no I do this eh oh
oh it's video this is a mall this is a
mall look like that lamb is so massive I
can't explain sure doesn't look as big
on camera but
I want to go like underground Chinese
stores like I'm here really okay yeah
that discipline anything guys Chinese
border like where's the Chinese workers
I want to get you gonna hurt over here
guys well I've never seen this what is
that are you gonna ride that that looks
so fun oh my god there it is I'll just
find your just sat down at H on it looks
like to me this is where we go is called
a Japanese Steakhouse where I live
because they cook food in front of you
then oh my god my song right so here we
are grabbing a quick bite to eat
I suck with chopsticks straight up
lettuce I really wish I get it you're
better than that I know it's going bad I
don't want to say the state is the state
we're gonna try this this is a look I
mean it's really cool it's an egg cooked
inside and then this is caviar
that's pretty interesting I don't really
know what to expect
for the salty egg like very salty why do
I go 5k Bueller's per scoop actually the
caviar is really good yeah it pops in
your mouth right Fawlty oh the kefir is
really good
that is I like that you're sleeping on
it oh that's good
what you drinking trying to get a better
shot here we got octopus what's the big
one
this squid let me get screwed yeah
cooking that octopus here's all the
stores in this mall oh my god just being
honest here we want Jimmy and I have
this we want to go get how about Google
how do I say this this mall is very
Americanized pretty much all the stores
that we have in America Calvin Klein
Apple polyster want to walk down a
sketchy Chinese alley where you don't
feel that comfortable and everyone's
looking at weird food and I'm hoping
that you just protect me the whole time
and I'm gonna protect you
I want to walk into a sketchy
underground club where this kind of user
planet everyone is just living and
they're drinking Chinese drinks I'm
looking for like the fake Rolex watches
this is the kind of stuff this is a base
for Navi that's pretty cool after
Chinese so I'm going to take you on an
adventure I don't want to go where
everything is Americanized I want to
take you to the real China how do I get
a Vespa or moped or what is this
how do I get one of these we have
officially just left all our translators
we no longer have any way to communicate
bringing it man
everybody this guy just like gonna wanna
go home not elope with your babies last
words bye guys
oh my god
oh they're telling the driver where to
go and we're just gonna go we're just
gonna do it way we're winging it baby I
don't see how long
we go
I
my
but I might say holy beep aah
me you okay buddy you okay buddy Oh son
my gig movie we have officially made
after about an hour and 20 minute car
rod This Is It this is real
look at this building this is what we
were looking for everything still look
dude these are pumps you remember these
oh my gosh the actual pumps I've been
you want to rock some serious style
tonight dude
I feel like they're 9s they're my size
just get so much respectively okay you
told me which ones do I read one yeah
Oh Nike watch eh yeah and we'll there's
squirrels
oh he's awesome where's this damn that's
a bunny the bunny rabbit did is they
don't look at all the squirrels just
chillin good list
I don't like it looks at this yo just
found the coolest store do all right
play this this is my type of place
look Legos and I'm so yeah did good you
don't want to get lost back here for you
or do you some Scooby you
you're about to live whoa
that's nice hahaha Oh check these guys
out
they got it Oh wanna play or not you
wanna play a local likeness they look
like they're good come on I'll help you
out how they're giving us our pictures
come on come on it's extremely difficult
to get anywhere because we can't speak
the language there's a huge barrier
let's go yeah so dude in the cab just
try to rip us off so bad that he pulled
over when we got out of the car dude
what even just happen I'm so confused
right I'm so compute we just got out
like so shady he has to rely to
illustrate American s-300s the 305
and it's not even we're not even going
for US dollars u.s. dollars were cousin
cuz it's worth way more so the cab
driver was so slick he kept he kept
letting he kept asking to show us the
money but he would put it in his hand
and he was slight of hand we just found
out he took one of my 50s and did he get
one from you only he got pity so he just
he just snatched a hundred bucks right
in front of our eyes I do it right side
that's only like $18 yeah cuz it was
Chinese so but he got us but he got he
Yanis man look how easy that was for him
picked up feeling it out like feeling
the money and then taking it yeah
switching it he's like I got a Chinese
when he's no good I think what makes new
six come out is he like tried to get it
to stay so like he was begging us to
know if he was going to keep taking
money
three three miles ah we're just kidding
we December bride whoa
don't effort either he doesn't like
forget about it
- all right cab number two here we go
we're giving in you should do again
wrong
yeah
key word thing we're on the move my
friends up all right
I'm danger of my life worst series don't
what he will be cover it up her Senate
seat belts with one fuck to 1 mile per
hour it's like the Mercedes earlier I
don't know if anything with beeping I am
reaching a point of exhaustion when
Sonny little Billy
a little giggling you know we start
giggling when you're tired yeah I don't
be that guy we're livin la vida loca
it's hot outside
Jimmy hey Jimmy this traffic is insane
I'm having a ball
all I wanted was a fake Rolex you're
nothing like don't get me wrong where we
went was cool not worth probably total
three hours of travel three hours of
travel for just no fake rolling all the
way
no fake really mild again three hours of
travel uh for anybody that thinks you
have bad traffic there's what third
twenty thirty million people in Beijing
so this is what traffic really looks
like
you know I'm trying so hard for this
face swap to works right now I've been
trying to Face Swap other people it just
ain't working go girl go crew he's not
looking it's not like Hindi oh he's all
this bad dude he's on his phone yeah oh
this would be such a good face whoa holy
crap guys I'm crashing so hard I hate to
do this to you ah it's been about two
days on very very little sleep so it's
gonna happen so I think the best thing
to do right now is Brittany actually
vlog today at the house and she sent the
footage I'm gonna put that in let you
guys catch up on what's going on at home
I have no idea what she's sent me yet so
I'm gonna start editing that probably
grab like an hour nap maybe a hot bath
and we will continue to squash thanks
guys here's a little bit of home hi guys
I thought I would vlog for a little bit
for you guys to see what we're doing
back at the house there is a bird stuck
in our garage did you get out
you don't know did you see them up there
is oh he made it
okay so this is how we wear zoos out
what daddy's not home
so when you don't wear Zeus out at night
he just brings you his ball for like an
hour like he just sits it in front of
you and then looks at you it's there to
you till you throw it like in the house
this is good how to wear zeus out and
pay no the same
lay down there you go he gets he gets so
fluffy like once winners over and he
like still has his winter coat look at
that so I really need to sit here for
like an hour to brush him out but I'm
not gonna do that are you tired
you want some water come on let's go get
some water big boy huh this did I wear
you out oh my gosh is old his whole nose
in there
I love how his bowls in his food bowl -
you only put mine on with you alright
I got coral or pink as you call it
Heather they look they look silly yeah
we love you and can't wait to see Roman
he'll be home really really soon and we
have a really big surprise next week so
it should be really fun so I'll see you
guys soon
bye guys I think I got a call today hope
you guys don't mind I'm gonna call it a
day man I'm exhausted I want to keep
fighting it I want to keep going but by
the time I get this edited get it up
upload it it's just gonna be like I'm
gonna be a zombie so I want to have fun
tomorrow we are taking a three-hour
drive
early morning well at least they said
it's three hours up to the Great Wall of
China which is something I've always
dreamed to see so I'm pumped about that
and of course I'll be bringing you guys
along you guys have been incredible
absolutely insane I have been putting a
stuff on snapchat so if you want to
check those out do it I've been kind of
live vlogging during the day so I love
you forgive my zombified voice in my my
lack of energy
be thank you for everything man this
trip has been really cool for me and
definitely an eye-opener and I hope you
guys use what I am doing as inspiration
because I had nothing before all of this
and this is all been because of my
efforts and just keep pushing maybe just
keep pushing I love you we'll see you
tomorrow give a big old smile on your
face your beautiful smile mine we have
made it to shine look at this building
we have no idea what's going you her to
go
