get on a big airplane yeah let's do it
but yeah you're already up oh my gosh I
don't ask you
did you even go to bed heavy yeah we go
it's good day to be getting out here hey
yucky out you ready
yeah yeah ah are you gonna drive I can
drive
we are pretty fast huh double jack ID
got it check Keane check no check
luggage check get ready for some fun huh
here we go let the journey begin
all right guys we have made it late of
course very very very late let's do it
let's do it we're actually so late that
Brittany just ran in to check us in we
were running in late go go go
is he out with tradition how we doing
good Kane just ate it I didn't catch it
on film a bagman he went flying we got
tickets we got a flight all we gotta do
is get through security which is it all
online we're good we got this Thank You
mr. Atwood what time did I fly start
boarding um
8:30 and it's 855 oh my gosh there you
go well somehow we're here okay but guys
are good to go
thank you so much beautiful okay our
seats are everywhere man like the
weirdest seats are next like we have two
flights today on our next play I don't
think any of us are scheduled to sit
beside each other
anyway you want to sit with you next
white really out of everything I've got
my charger
oh I brought an extra one flight down
one to go
look at my hair here what's going on so
we are in what Minneapolis meeting
Annapolis for Minneapolis Minneapolis
many many I've heard it both ways out of
my my own mouth we're gonna go with
Minneapolis we are in Minneapolis we
have a quick layover here
it's although we were super late out we
landed super early so we're good that's
great
we have definitely never been to
Minnesota so we're gonna add it to our
magnet wall
I don't think of Minnesota what's that
well guy this year Minnesota has 11,000
lakes with 90,000 miles of shoreline
that's more than Hawaii California and
Florida combined that's pretty crazy
started at the bottom now we're here
started up the pot of him shut up dad
shut up dad quit me too dad there we go
now right
first time I touched uh-huh you mean the
one I wasn't filming
can you just stepped in gum dude like
the longest strip of gum I've ever seen
in my life okay here here here step down
step down step down walk that way
walk that way walk keep walking keep on
my gosh - yeah Bri that's bad as of now
we are all sitting away from each other
we don't have a single seat together so
Brittany's up here doing her thing it's
always an adventure man look at these
two wild animals we're off good work
mommy he's got two of us together 29b
man you might as well just sit outside
this is all us right here one this one
grab it grab it
oh here's the good stuff did you fall
you want the very back seat yeah all
right you can have the back seat you
help me load this up I can't lift this
stuff in my own dude I need your muscles
there it is there it is our 2d2 weighs a
lot the next step for us is we've got a
minivan with a sweet booster seat for
Britt we're taking a big old road trip
hopping in this van y'all pack up has a
DVD player yes sweet well I think it's
the latter factory and something else is
sitting on the table I just shoved it
maybe just think hey did I do with this
key you really want to drive you don't
the keys
I can take that bottom piece off and
just spark it together
jump it I'm using the force
really don't nothing I'm seriously about
to go to a minivan like there's so much
more realistic
all the way back here let the journey
begin
doctor I was trying to move my skin I do
a family picture each other we got it
I'm sure she's gonna honk at me every
single time
aah I can't fucking this ah oh you think
it's funny Punk Oh Oh like my house back
here I got light to it see you're like
advanced now see come to the dark side
do we can rock fanny packs and drunk
minivans all summer
oh really keys looks like you're driving
one right now
honey they drive on different side of
road here absolutely beautiful covered
in mountains it's 90 degrees Wow
look at this guy look at this guy
what do you think he's going what the
heck is a buffalo turbine
what is that thing did we get old movie
on the red box dude oh my gosh let's see
if they got oh let's see if they got
movies in here we look oh they do come
on will it play blu-ray I have no idea
look these are for movies
go ahead alien alright tell me if this
is a good idea you guys tell me if this
is a good idea they make these phones
this is basically a burner phone you get
it and then you you buy minutes you buy
minutes on it what do you think about us
getting a burner phone giving out the
phone number on the vlog and then we
just randomly turn it on now and then
answer calls it'd be kinda cool it'd be
crazy so just randomly like one day we
just turn on the phone and we answer
calls well you guys hit that jackpot out
of all the move it is pretty bad movie
selection you guys nailed it look we got
the only good Willy Wonka aunt bully
Yogi Bear spit what a weird like that is
a weird that's all they had sit back
relax enjoy the ride and shut up I am so
glad we got movies not moving
good thing we got the fort back huh dude
that's a frigging moose dude are they
aggressive I never stop I never seen him
most before before look how big that
thing is my camera sucks it gets blurry
okay guys this is the part of the vlog
that's a little hard to explain and I
don't actually I've been trying to like
prepare on how we tell them but I
haven't been able to just you can tell
them go for it we we moved or we're
moving this is our house
long story short this trip is actually
about us getting a new house we are
moving like we are no longer going to be
living in Ohio and we have gotten this
could be our brand-new house well we
haven't we haven't bought it yet
apparently the owners it's still in
their name
I guess it still belongs to the original
owners so if we like it we have to like
we have to put a bid in and we have to I
know it's really like fresh too
yeah and there's like you know there's
like adorable pictures on the wall they
must have kids right wait somebody hide
hide hide hide hide hide hide it
somebody's here
what what's up buddy we're trying to
think of a fun way to introduce the two
families coming together this week
for a crazy week of fun vlogs and Family
Values the most important thing about
this whole week coming together becoming
one giant family and we hope you like
the house thing this is definitely not
our house this house is gorgeous new
hangout khakhra so good to see you guys
the Shaytards get out of here where are
we where are we this looks cool man
thanks forget the door my man this your
spot this is our spot we're talking
wings we're talking burgers we're
talking they have water all kinds of
stay up they got water you're in love
Fred never said that for every what food
blog that's what we used to say every
time we go ahead whoo dog food blog okay
we've been eating so much so fast that
I've even pulled off the camera you guys
were right about the wings are
unbelievable they're the best and how's
yours fed cane is it good last year
going down these two they're definitely
burn something down this week look at
that face look at that face
yeah that's a burn down face we've
ordered more insurance life insurance
pains coming to town I need a hundred
thousand at wheelies you know we call
him hurricane her here that's his name
the hurricane girl went through yes feel
better you fool yeah I'm ready to run
good these kids have so much energy
bottled up from this trip it's already
11:15 p.m. at home
fish midnight you like it's the morning
yeah right you're gonna crash and burn
boy all right so we're gonna do he
doesn't just come out with abandon
s'mores in my Papi's falls in my fire
pad take a grand Packer and the marshal
a little rolling Oh hard you got the
fire I did a roasted meadow and a graham
cracker in my fire pit we are doing the
classic we're gonna get some sports more
supplies Hey look these hot chicks over
here what so when he gets more stuff
that is in case you don't know everybody
knows the graham cracker marshmallow and
chocolaty now can you do different
colors it like classic Hershey
chocolates the only one doom what if you
did a Twix or more normally let's live a
little bit do I live a little bit soon
throwing at what you're a genius you
came up with it no you see I never
thought of trying a different chocolate
what if we did like uh yeah let's spin a
bunch of chocolates right again
tickle em tick illan tickling get him
kid hit him
oh you're so on his team get him no what
was that look your dad is looking for
all the s'more stuff and it's right here
look it comes in kids
dude look oh my god
look how they're trying to micromanage
our smallness by introducing this
Hershey's chocolate we need different
time different let's put a Ricci cup in
the middle of the home yeah
is like such an obvious idea but I'm
like blown away like this is it this is
it right here let's just try it what is
the best force more other than a regular
Hershey's chocolate
we're gonna go mr. good people are you
to say what's s'more well I explained it
I did graham cracker chocolate
marshmallows everyone yeah
Kit Kat I don't like smart oh we're
gonna try everything what about her
she's white chocolate white chocolate
variety yeah yeah we're gonna get Kit
Kat mr. good unload we need these two
you're just throwing it overboard Hey
trick or treat
oh yeah let's get them let's get the
kids bed at a reasonable time tonight
let's go spend $100 on shops
I think we're buying a cart full of
candy in a box of advil and about 10
tons of office all right John Paul
whoops
is this a responsible parent actually go
how I can hey man Sarge I mean I'm not
doing it you're wanting up you're one of
me
you vlog this I'll give him the part
okay truck children they're not oh you
did in your hand are scared I thought
you were gonna do it I was right
you guys are from around here dude where
did they go we got to catch them okay
we're going to get firewood we're
putting a firewood bar s'mores alright
here we are that's fun isn't it he's
awesome and we put the kitchen do you
wanna drive down no you watch up there
we go it's definitely no wood shortage
around here
oh gosh did I want to help you so badly
who's gonna vlog yeah I always tell I'm
running the camera you do George I got
this oh this is up this is a burner
right here you see that kindling okay oh
look at this beautiful beast what's up
Zeke come here boy
come here you're huge it's like a baby
horse Oh like I'm actually a medium
sized horse get him can't explain how
Big E is it's hard to tell a biggie is
look at that oh hey you forget about you
oh my gosh that's a horse oh I love it
oh my gosh she's right on us he's oh
he's right on us
thank you this is real deal hey yep
sound like Cain yep real deal is the
real deal
dude I'm excited eating s'mores all
right it's it's about to get really
creative up in here we've got a lot of
choices a lot of different chocolates
I like your your cracker idea it's a
cracker deck I'm gonna do with that dude
the kids are putting starbursts on there
I'm gonna go with the white chalk a
little KitKat I think that's a smart
move definitely it's on so nice we're on
you saved it you saved it my camera all
right so we thought the rice fix the
camera luckily this is why you travel if
you guys are vlogging try to get an
extra backup camera because I've already
had to use one that was right there so
the camera came on just fine it actually
recorded I think now it won't turn off
it's just stuck on so I don't know I'm
gonna leave it in there for the night
hopefully it lives so a huge huge thank
you to Shay his beautiful family for
letting us stay in this amazing oh my
gosh
Kayne you're crazy they have this really
cool studio that's attached to their
house and it's unbelievable look at this
we got our own bed no I'll show them
your bed show them your bed boy look at
this here give me the camera there you
go all right
your cave you should totally put the you
should totally put the big lead bean bag
love sack down here in case you roll off
but I can just okay did you guys have a
fun day oh yeah good first day man it
was a blast we got here safe two flights
a road trip is just so good man I know
we got lots of days to come I have to
clear one thing up before I end this
vlog and that is yesterday I told you I
would be live-streaming on live dot me
on Wednesday it is actually Thursday it
is Thursday not Wednesday please spread
the word I will put the link in the
description live dot me check it out it
is so much fun we're gonna do live with
the Shaytards with our kids with Brit
download live dot me link in the top of
the description it's for your mobile
phones and I believe I don't never know
if I'm supposed to say this but the app
is going to be worldwide very soon so if
you can't get it yet it is coming be
patient we will be live-streaming with
you soo versine so go follow me alive
stop me I'm I'm tired man did he draw
that one under this Wow
so we love you guys so much thanks for
coming along with us look thank you guys
for coming along with us we have have to
get these kids to bed I have a feeling
we're gonna burn a lot of energy
tomorrow if there's anything you want to
see us do as two big families we're
coming down as one this week anything
you want to see us do here in this
crease like there in the mountains it's
beautiful boating skiing climbing you
name it we're gonna do it so uh if
there's anything you want to see us do
leave it in the comments we will see it
a while you're beautiful keep your head
up you're one of a kind don't forget how
important you are
smile more you get my finger do you can
feel it
what is that it's feeding time this is
sha like uh see the shrimps Oh
