hey guys welcome to our house welcome to
the blab hello beautiful
hello beautiful mama hello beautiful
your Grundy's at least your has shown
the pink ones I'm Livia here's the thing
we got a serious
we got a serious topic mama what's up
dude came what's up dude hey it's
pinball Todd
fish tank top what's up what's the
matter
come on bring him into my life you have
salt ounces your water softener yeah but
I got you this Cup when you're down
stare to clown
I don't am I out of salt yes what was
that okay we'll get that taken care of
there's a bigger look you get y'all okay
I'm gonna get salt I'm gonna get salt
mama we have a problem do you see the
pants and I'm wearing very loose very
baggy because about five or six pairs of
my pants as of yesterday have been
shrunken no to the size of like Noah
could wear have that happen how'd that
happen
how did how they got little fun maybe I
gained weight that's what happens what
happened
I know Britney is is queen of shrinking
clothes but you've been doing the
laundry lately and my clothes don't fit
so here's the issue Rhonda do you want
to take her laundry laundry duty cuz
Britney shrinks them I'll mess
everything up mom I'll shrink some and
now I hear she's shrunk all over your
piece all my pants and I have to leave
tomorrow I have nothing look this is my
last pair I'm not even kidding you wore
those yesterday
are you going to look at me like you're
washing your face bottom bears
okay I'm not embarrassed I'm not mind
embarrassed I don't know I don't know
how else I can do your laundry I don't
hit wart I won't new dry your pants but
I would you'd ride on yeah we always
hang on my hand no she told me that I
had to do never listen to Britney when
it comes laundry
I had to ever I had to hang all the
shirts and all the sweatshirts and
everything I can't bring them I was like
hey this is a cool new shirt cane guy it
was my old shirt
it's a shirt I used to wear I let her
wash one time oh sorry
that's all right I'm not mad at ya I
love you all here's the issue I have to
leave tomorrow when I'm very crazy trip
yeah those used to be my pants right
there a small pants right yeah so so
this is what I used to wear long story
short Noah and I are gonna go take off
and try to find some it's not going to
be that exciting maybe it'll be exciting
with my boy hmm
yeah he's got me just to go shopping you
want to go
I don't know sure are you going with you
to buy clothes if you're gonna buy me
some Mongo of course I'll buy you some
I'm moving nuts all it's a shopping
spree so no one are taking off me and my
man
high five we're out of here we'll see
you guys on the other side we're gonna
leave in five cars so we got another one
all right maybe I love you
by Zeus I'll see you soon I'll see you
soon baby we got some beautiful weather
today it's finally where it's supposed
to be in a very last minute crazy trip
I've been on the phone all day trying to
figure this stuff out we are headed up
to get some clothes hopefully with my
man Noah so where am I going it's a it's
up maybe we should play a little game
out of this I'll give you a hint I
believe if I'm correct there is no
Facebook here there is no Twitter there
is not even YouTube where I'm going does
this sound crazy it sounds like another
planet right like who doesn't have those
I don't know will make you a little fun
I'll tell you of course where I'm going
but let's make a little fun out of it
try to guess where I'm going
hope you're hungry we don't eat eating
your hands up we're gonna grab some
quick food real quick and then we're
gonna go find some clothes this is this
is a storyline vlog man we have a
mission get clothes you need clothes too
let's close up what are these called
no but uh hey girls it goes cheese
cheese burger eggrolls cheeseburger
April it's smooth watchful room I never
heard of this please I guess I think
ketchup would be good right
it's cheeseburger I'll give them an hey
na that's good it's only the cheese hey
too much cheese I know that's what I was
gonna say too much cheese but I love
cheese I love cheese
yeah you could drink this thing for a
strong Pacific alright let's skip the
eating thing we always do and get to the
mission we have one mission today you
guys know what it is get pudding
we need pudding we are at the Polaris
Fashion Mall so what do I do when I need
clothes believe it or not a lot of
people you guys asked like where do you
get your clothes where you get I only
wear black usually black clothes I'll
show you where I get my clothes usually
it's all very very cheap extremely cheap
I am guilty of a couple nice things
these shoes are kind of nice I haven't
like a nice belt and these I got for my
movie premiere so that was like an
excuse most my clothes like $20 pants
$10 sure I'll show you yeah $10 for sure
look $9.99 t-shirts baby black t-shirts
I actually have the sweater but it's the
green version yeah so yeah I usually
come to these stores like hmm look
$12.99 did I just buy shirts cuz I know
I'm gonna destroy them or Mama's gonna
shrink on like I just moved too quick
and do too much to like care I don't
know I'm just never really cared about
my clothes too much I like to look good
I think I get serious get serious
should I go crazy and get something like
this I don't know man I don't know if I
would maybe maybe for some weird thing
you like to nose my stylist nah what's
up yeah wouldn't Isis black v-neck $6.99
that's what I'm talking about this is
like how many black me looks do I have
to I don't even need any more lip here's
my biggest problem straight up I hate
shopping for clothes hate it like I
dread it I don't want to try anything on
I hate going into a dressing room I just
I'm so bad at it
so I left with pretty much everything
that you don't have to try on although I
did get a pair of pants one pair I just
guessed that they'll fit I got socks and
things you ought to try what is it
squishy hi girls thank you
oh you want some shoes right see if we
can find you some shoes it's a little
big I were getting distracted we're
getting distracted we're officially
fully distracted no we need a lady with
us it's the only magnet shopping done
which ones you want man which ones you
think in these right paint you'd be fast
as lightning he is if I don't find
anything oh these are nice
hmm hi this is why I miss you being
little look at that look at that oh my
gosh we should get a pair for Zeus okay
no we got his shoes I got one outfit
that's not bad that's not bad I don't
know if it's mission complete it's not
bad I have the best friends in the world
man like I'm supposed to leave early
morning and John the guy that does my
hair every single time I just called him
out of like literally last minute and
he's like come over do don't cut your
hair so huge should have to be like guy
John man always hooking me up I want to
give you guys another hand on where I'm
going where am I going but I feel like
no matter what I say it's just gonna
give it up right away like in my head
you're just gonna know if you don't
already know cuz the first thing I said
was huge huge huge most of your going to
know as soon as I say this but if you
watch this channel a long time you'll
know what one of my favorite types of
foods are that's a huge head of where
not all superheroes wear capes but you
definitely have a cave you're just lucky
you gonna put a hex on you I'm lucky you
have been humans I'm so sorry I feel so
bad well sir my god he's dead
yeah you had those pants on dude don't
don't treat me don't make me get
guilt-trip me well I guess all rise for
you for me yeah what does that mean
everybody we're gonna keep us here
yeah dude come we're all right John has
a crazy head Priya what you say the
other world's largest dam the world's
largest dam world's largest dam how do
you know that he studied it's gone
forever we don't really need to discuss
here it is did it come off my head dude
I don't know guys that is a solid white
that's a cat hair is that come on my
head
no he'll of man I would say it's yours
but it's too long to be yours today
am I going gray is it that time already
times flying me bro
how would you surprise I can see me I
think DARS I've seen some oh oh stop
stop right there oh I'm glad you're
happy but I'm just joining the club
didn't do a good lie hey it Elise's hair
they did give us a man bomb go back haha
go back actually I think I do did Eileen
like sixth grade I had it's almost like
flattening out like a flattop hold on
really oh look Wolverine oh nice dude
hey no suit yes pant pant it's not
plural just one pant all right what's up
oh I was giving you a bug I was giving
you hug oh did you miss me
I mean fef hope you guys are having an
awesome day I know we've been running
around a little rambley today and a
little sporadic we have this is this
trip I'm gonna kind
last second hey what's a hit I could
give them of where I'm going that won't
give it away there's a big something
there
you like that stinky stink stir to go
that's funny I like it I love it the
leaving don't leave daddy photo tonight
I gotta put my little rascals to bed I
had to put myself to bed
Oh No Oh No it is that stinking time
when you have to shut your eyes get a
little sleep so you feel good tomorrow
right on time mr. Xu's oh he knows I'm
leaving he knows he he does that face
kiss that one where he doesn't look at
you at all I didn't film it today but I
did the big RC truck in the yard he ran
for 20 solid minutes he almost killed
the battery on the truck he he went full
speed so he's been dead all day he was
panting for like an I was so high yeah
the time of his life I love you like a
son my best buddy did love you so much
have fun while I'm gone I'm only gone
for 300 days what if you this way oh
I'll make it as quick as possible yes
here's the thing
if you sleep the entire time it won't
even seem like I was gone every day just
to speed time up times won't fast enough
enjoy it
daddy's oh yeah always with you
this is she's sleeping under the bed oh
he's upset that I'm leaving Zeus Zeus
look at me Zeus I'm sorry I'm sorry why
you playing hard to get I I gotta get
back in and everything finished up I
love you cry club let's go Zeus come on
rub one come on it's good to be missed
did I love you so much
you the man can you roast some potatoes
in my bed he is definitely not going to
bed Hey Wow I love you oh so hard dude
you know pow blow mom off I love you so
so much you be super good for mommy okay
okay guys that is gonna do it for this
vlog and something funny yesterday you
guys know I missed yesterday's vlog I
did film something funny Britt had made
all these chocolate-covered strawberries
for her cousin's birthday party that we
went to yesterday and spent the entire
day there uh so she had me get him out
of the fridge outside and I played this
little prank on her where I pretended to
drop one of the trooper simple super
silly but I filmed it here it is
no way hopefully one of them the reason
I'm telling you this is because I know
if you're watching at this point you're
you really watch the vlogs and you
actually care about what my - um we
spent the whole day at Laurie's families
and you know it's just a place that I
didn't film it was it was all family
that never been in the vlogs and it's
just something that I didn't film so
here's the other hard part I am
traveling to a very far place it's like
a 20-hour flight so there's another
chance that I will miss more vlogs over
the next couple days so bear with me
I am trying is no I'm trying to vlog
just know that I do miss a blog I am
filming all of it and it will go up it
just may be delayed or maybe you know
where I'm at is totally opposite
timezone where I am now so it's just
different weird and a lot of flight
travel and we'll make it happen guys I
love you thanks for all of the support
we will see you tomorrow hopefully smama
oh and where am I going tell me in
comments hmm
haha look at me here is it with your
friend Jean
