welcome to the vlog I am making an
incredible mess as usual I'm building my
super to go travel check on case that's
what this is right here you wanna help
me or what
you just wanna play ball I love this dog
dude I love this dog we got one shot
Zeus we got one shot to impress him
there's my fault bad throw as a terrible
throw I'm sorry does it made you look
bad we are getting ready to go on a big
trip me Kane Noah Brittany to a very
special location and I want it to be a
surprise that it's kind of an overdue
trip that's been not planned for a long
time and actually does anyone know what
I'm talking about this is something
that's been said in the vlogs it's been
something we've hinted for a long time
it's a big family trip so I thought what
better time to build this box I've been
working on you guys solve a little one
and this is my actual like taking
everything trip Brittany is on her way
to get me she has been over her mother's
it's her 50th birthday her 50th birthday
and of course I was buried in vlog stuff
this morning so she is coming to get me
right now and uh yeah come on let's
redeem let's redeem it drop it
let's redeem that was my fault I made
you look bad um ready
there's my boy that's my boy
all right guys so let's start this vlog
let's have a great day I hope you're
able to put a big smile on your face and
any problems you're having I hope you
can put them to the side for this vlog
let's start fresh let's have a good day
put that big beautiful smile on your
face let's do it
who's that Zeus who's that Hey he called
you out hey
this science I was talking about I do I
was cutting some lumber out back maybe
that's what it is the man since that's
not so real quickly I cut the top off of
this box huh and sunk it into this foam
so I can travel now cool hey I can't
self that's like uh that's really cool
isn't like no or his laughs no it's
awesome I don't think you guys know this
one ah but Brittany's mom is like a
karaoke fanatics we are gonna take and I
think give it to her you think I mean
she wants it so bad yeah she's been
asking for this thing and to be honest
we don't use that much and I'm sure if
we want to use it
she'll let us borrow this vehicle there
should be a in the phone prank yeah dude
this is gonna make your mom's birthday
so awesome it is awkward
we got this baby it's the dream team
we're going on a little bit of a
surprise trip we leave Tuesday I was
telling these guys that's big it's a big
deal like we've been wanting to do this
for a long time it's will over to there
has been lots of hints throughout the
months in these vlogs where we're going
and who we're going with and it's just
super exciting cannot wait to do it
sucks that this weather's bad
it's like right now we're just headed
over to hang out with her mom and I
enjoy her birthday for a little bit and
then we have we were doing this
experiment that we wanted to do all week
and we never did it should be really
funny Lee that car was a cool little
campsite oh that's our 1000 I see my
little man where'd he go whirring can
noise around here somewhere hey little
girl this is what you want is this what
you want do this dog is awesome watch
how fast this dog is you ready hang on
ma'am
ready set go get it oh my god hope
you're ready to party see what we
brought you
no karaoke machine
good okay she's got me did you tell her
it's just tomorrow for the night no okay
I guess something now we said we're
gonna give it to you no way yeah do you
want it that's why I should explain if
anybody likes karaoke it's Brittany's
mom maybe we can find happy birthday and
all karaoke it you got so many choices
7000 kids party karaoke active over will
Strutter hits oh my gosh I got all my
karaoke at home I know we want to go to
your house and get it all this is
camping in 2016 huh this is this is nice
and that's how we the karaoke machine
adds a lot how we gonna come inside of
me you see this trailer
you're like yeah hey Kane when you were
a baby you rolled off this bed down
these steps that's crazy
bigger than an airplane bathroom yeah
whoa this is so cool back pack and pay
everybody hold on we're gonna go to
woods oh my god this is a pad oh this is
awesome
oh it's all in this game oh we got it
dude we gotta wait does that mean we
went to phone we got a golf cart with
mud tires oh gosh ah I can't block and
drive I get a flogging I can't love for
you Oh mud should we go through that no
stop no no if we go fast your saw a frog
yeah I wasn't a frog as a ninja turtle
Oh Oh what's up somebody somebody been
drinking kool-aid tonight are you guys
ready to see the grossest thing you've
ever seen in your life
ha ha ha why it's not that gross human
that is
think it's alright it's fine it sings a
piece I really hope I got that
you guys are about to hear straight fire
hope you guys are having such a good day
man the karaoke machine is quite I'll
hit the head Kate and I are getting a
fire going looks good noon you're
getting started well now there's a
little karaoke sessions over how you
having a good birthday mm-hmm
Brit why don't you get a parent saying
your stuff huh I didn't have enough
orange juice I've had any orange juice
we are back on the move look at this dog
is beat he partied the hardest hi buddy
we are going home to do a really
interesting experience so excite we
would want to do this whole week but we
never did it pours ooh we try to take
those poor dog he can't even get in the
truck anymore so I need to find I need
to find like if anybody knows of any
good like literally a ramp to go in our
truck the dog my dog zoos can't get in
the truck
last time was Shawn I tried to get him
in today but let's go get soos there's
my boy
there's my boy I think he missed you
more
he smells all the puppies on you yeah
yeah hi
are we still gonna do this really wanna
do this you do okay so here's the idea
so I've never seen this done maybe you
guys have I have not done any research
maybe it's been done before but the
other day Britney got those bath bombs
have you seen him they're like circle
balls you put them in the bath oh they
can be squared it could be any shape you
put them in the back up and then they
fizz eyeball the kids love them what
would happen if we put like a hundred of
these in the bathtub here's here's okay
yeah let me show him that okay so this
is I said let's order a hundred bath
bombs right look at this thing this
thing's huge
look what showed up should we try it on
out
let's try one out whoo it is toxic they
are like the whole room smells
incredibly like oh there's a hundred and
two in there
Kayne throw one in let's see what
happens ready Oh
dude that's pretty cool yeah what do you
think a hundred is gonna do what color
do you think the water is gonna be when
we're done all right how should we do it
just dump the whole bucket in yes
do you wanna stand in with mommy all
right here we go 100 bath bombs dude
we've been waiting all week on you've
been wanting to do this all week Kayne
every single days I could be doing the
bath bombs with I'm like ah we can't
today let's do it so we're gonna head on
to mommy
Oh - just fellas
hang on okay hi are you ready to DOM are
you ready came ok teller sit dumb bird
oh whoa keep going that is awesome you
were right
oh my you are really slippery yeah that
would be king you should get in there
what it feels like oh my gosh the whole
bottom dip your hand in oh it's like a
song others there's still half size look
how much current
oh it is turning brown one of those
right - it's mixing in it it's almost
like blackish look at that that's cool
yeah it sounds amazing just there are
different in cooler whoa many ones are
left look look at the color of the tub
it's turning black all the green ones
are left a hundred bath bombs will turn
your tub black staring at like
everything on the ball one hopper purple
yeah but the green ones were the ones
that were left this yeah they lasted the
longest and we've created some type of
toxicity
you sure idea dude my hands got like a
thick film on him yeah it's like gonna
clog our drain well it was pretty cool
huh I can't imagine the big bath
sighs yeah
breather what do you guys think if you
guys want to see the big ones I will
order them I can't believe they're so
small order oh well anyway it's cool
experiment I'm glad you did it was it is
crazy as I thought it is cool it's
something different I've never seen
before
all right climb up mr. awesome water hey
wait did you go key yeah I want I want
bad that I get to climb up steps into on
the backwards man backwards man
backwards man backwards man no kisses
all right bye
I just want you to know that mommy and
daddy love you so much oh you know I'm
so mad you get to sleep with Daddy he
was so freaked out I think this is
supposed to be King wasn't it it was
supposed to be Kane but he was so
freaked out over it we just said it was
daddy it is daddy it is time to call it
a night is time to end this vlog I hope
you guys had just a perfect day man I
hope it really was good maybe it's early
morning and you're just starting your
day I hope it is perfect think positive
positive things will happen
as always guys thank you so much so much
for being here every day I don't I don't
know if you guys know this but over the
last 7 day like the last week we have
been in the top like 5 or like in in the
10 most subscribed channels of the whole
week like it it is absolutely crazy so
thank you guys for being here and always
thank you at the end because I know that
if you're watching at the end you
actually do watch the vlogs and you're
not just clicking on it because of that
thumbnail or that title caught your eye
you guys actually watch the vlog so
thank you for that one more day into our
big family trip is going to be so much
fun and definitely really fun for the
vlogs we're gonna we're just gonna do so
much cool stuff so I'm excited about it
thanks again for being here thank you
for always liking and sharing the vlogs
you guys have really blown this channel
up man is not me I can't
I'm not sitting you're taking credit for
this man it is you guys you are always
working
and liking and just and just spreading
the message of smile more and it's
awesome I don't know what to say it's
awesome we will see you guys tomorrow
thank you for everything and tell me in
the comments where are we going where
are we going what are we doing there has
been hints you're beautiful you're one
of a kind smile
