you guys ready to go home hey guys
welcome to the vlog we are up and out of
New York City headed home can you pick
up r2d2 do it let's see it
oh are you so strong we have truly had
an awesome time in New York City if
you've been watching thanks for coming
along with us but as always I'm super
excited to get home be home in our home
in our little hanging in the enjoying
the beautiful day so yes sir we are
headed to the airport
jet fun in New York dude give me five
man you were a champ
another beautiful airport I love flying
I love going the airports but I hate
security check it's always the longest
Friday plan on a Friday fine
my house is it just me or airports
turning into malls spend as much as you
possibly can before you leave he's got
so much energy oh my gosh let's look at
this man whoa do you want one of these
can are you sure look
oh yeah all right this is Asti we barely
had a little window over here you can't
even see
hey you ready to go home you will go to
Ohio where it's probably raining just
like this
we got lucky it was so sunny the last
two days in New York at flat helicopter
ride a bokor Central Park that's right
powered by Kane's energy only boy
go right now
by the car ready
oh we are off the plane we have made it
back in it's sunny it's not raining I
was dead wrong
dead frigging wrong
what are you doing we were going
straight to get Noah and actually I'm
gonna try to surprise him it's not much
of a surprise because yesterday I said
yo your new games coming out and he's so
excited about I was like let's get it so
tell me much of a surprise I'm gonna get
it now before I pick up Noah as a
surprise what do you think Zeus is gonna
do when he sees us I think he's gonna
jump up and bite me why'd you leave
why'd you leave
he misses whoever can throws ball the
farthest hey where you going
some one of Noah's favorite games ever
came out recently I'm gonna try to
surprise him with it hopefully they have
it oh look at the little shadows oh yes
they have it so crazy every game I've
bought lately you get online and use
download it so we were coming to the
store why are you download because our
Playstations are full there's no more
space we buy the discs cuz it's full
like my Playstations are full and it'll
hold that much they don't know much all
right they have the game Noah once
what's the best game ever made ever
is there any system what is it you guys
already know what I played the most
upright so calm - I used to literally
take off work to buy the game came look
it's new p3 grand adventure mission
complete
that's awesome
what are you doing
toothpaste and stickers you're gonna sit
up here
up here so no we got suitcases all in
the back oh yeah I missed you no are you
man canes just looking at the dog dude I
stopped it every store on the way home
nobody has that game yeah we checked
everywhere
Best Buy GameStop Walmart are you sure
it's out maybe oh thanks you excited
I know we are home and I immediately
lost both my kids to electronics cane
ran to this PlayStation no ran upstairs
looks like all I got you boy come here
you look a little happier than you did
when I left yeah you know what Zeus you
know what I got something for you too
what is this what is it what is it he
knows for him he knows he is so ready
all right Zeus come here hang on King
come here come here McMahon oh I got you
all's attention honey can you keep oh
can you look your hair he's going crazy
can you keep Zeus right here oh yeah
that'll be so easy how about you keep oh
oh he'll stay with me okay okay you take
it hang on hang on hang on who's this
from this is actually from one of our
viewers and it came in Oh perfect it's
from Erica so this is from Erica it's a
gift she said she didn't know what to
send us should she sent it for Zeus Zeus
you're about to have the time of your
life
multi-ball ready
multi-ball honest ed what are you gonna
do this what are you gonna do dose what
are you gonna do with all these balls
idea what do I do
that's why you should are you glad we're
home you know he wants to collect all of
these and put them somewhere right like
Erica thank you for sending this this is
this is really fun and obviously Zeus
loves tennis balls this just doesn't
attack me you better
keep it going what so cool I got the
next thing for our house that we have to
have this could be custom I think it has
to be custom-built just could have his
water bowl his dog bowl and a tennis
ball ball three I said water bulldog
whole tennis ball ball he should have
three balls one for food one for water
one for kiss balls warping over to Taco
Tuesday baby I love Tuesday's to funny
because they're playing Legos game
that's it Taco Tuesdays in the game
really well it's Friday it's not Tuesday
every day is Tuesday when are you tacos
dirty eat where the heck have I been at
the end of the movie they say taco
Friday Friday in or having talking are
you serious yeah
what the heck where the link the part of
the vlogs you guys never get to see is
me on the telephone that's alright I
don't ever want you guys to wait for me
on dinner and you guys eat daddy will be
here we're gonna eat and then tear up a
new project what yes spinning top that's
awesome
Zeus you're so happy right now
just throw it just all one time just
don't one time
are you guys ready oh all right that's a
yes that's a definite yes let's do this
dragon the dragon the giant bags first
hang on that goes with the yellow one I
get in drag it in go go go go go go
doo doo doo doo grab it grab it
got it those are your motorcycles all
right so I've been told there's a
serious trick to this you got to open it
up and you got to beat the heck out of
the bag inside yep you guys are good at
that look at that that's crazy
come on tough guys get it out of there
ribbit ribbit
there's probably instructions beat it up
beat it up yabai is awesome it's
actually way bigger than I thought it
would be you don't get that one out that
looks like a real project right there
imagine trying to get this back in that
bag yeah what what do you guys think
these are awesome
he said so the guys said that this one
could take like two days to fill out
like this is a bigger one maybe you guys
can help with that
Wow this isn't even the best part
did you see this giant bags of fur
thought the cover was gonna be really
miserable to get on it's super easy this
is gonna be next level movie night now
Wow
that's your favorite yeah they sent us
um these are blankets and if they're
like the most ridiculously soft but they
have a they have pockets in them for
your feet so your feet on the pockets
okay give me those scissors please huge
shoot ha ha ha
huge huge shout out the love sack for
sending us these this is definitely
awesome for our family and this is
awesome for anybody's family or maybe
just live by yourself maybe you're in
college and you want a nice little sect
lay on sleep you could easily you might
I think you are gonna sleep in that yeah
gosh okay
huge shout out love sack for sending
this to uh my family obviously they love
it so thank you so much this was really
really really nice if you guys want to
check him out my gosh if you guys want
to check him out I have to show him some
love the link will be in the top
description of this video check these
things out Zeus that's not your bed you
know you look good on it though please
go show these guys some love off for
looking family out this is really - nice
- awesome and this one apparently gets
really big with time like it takes a
couple days any product this is open it
up and let your kids beat the crap out
of it first I'm in one two three nice so
so awesome you're not getting up get up
you gotta fall asleep like this he's
found his spot
i oh my gosh you know when we leave
where he's gonna sleep now
yeah hundred percent he's gonna climb up
on that oh well I think I know what
we're doing for the rest of the night
Noah's got his new game awesome you need
to bring your big beanbag up here dude I
want to put it right I don't even fit
bet they're moving bad we put it
sideways if you put in the corner oh
yeah so guys we're gonna call it a day
such a good feeling to just be home and
uh with my kids and everything's just
back to normal and you big food
Dino giant we love you guys thanks for
traveling with us as always New York and
back home and just hanging out with the
string of normal vlogs we will we will
see you guys tomorrow
thanks for everything my gosh we love
you you're beautiful you're one of a
kind small go here we go
