guys welcome to the vlog today we were
doing something very fun very special we
are building canes very first ever bike
ramp is that what you're gonna use to
build the ramp with spoon that's what I
used to dig with when I was a kid let's
do it we're gonna build around you guys
no over the last few months we have been
trying to go grass here since we've
constructed our smile more building and
it's just not happening after searching
the entire yard for hey what's the best
spot for canes first bike ramp I figured
hey right here let's do it screw the
grass it's never grown anyway plus you
can get more speed off the driveway you
know what I mean
this is gonna be our spot whoa I got a
pretty good idea for the down ramp you
need a down side so you go up and then
you go down you know what I mean
yeah you guys probably remember the day
I filled my house with snow half snow
half fake snow we had a ramp in the
kitchen that the kids slid down I went
down on the dirt bike this is it right
here and it actually has a little down
side I figured I'll just pile dirt here
and make his first ramp we had to put
these lips on the ramp to hold the real
snow to the ramp to keep it from sliding
down so now we're gonna knock them all
off ready you don't want that in your
tire yeah yeah you're on it muscle man
we got them all knocked off looks like a
nice little downside to me are you
vlogging what you're doing good
don't you worry I got this we're gonna
turn it around here to come this way
this way
wait what am i doing I had it the right
way I'm an idiot
yeah all right guys we got our downside
typically back in the day when I built
ramps it was dirt double one up no
middle downside this is gonna be kind of
a hill so let's start digging starting
to think this is a little too high to
start with I don't know this is like
what I started with right here we'd have
to go up another double maybe I just cut
a hole for the legs and drop it down all
right we dug a hole we dropped it in a
couple inches oh yeah that's better
this is X game stuff game oh we're
getting somewhere
we're getting somewhere now you tested
we got ourselves a ramp buddy all right
you made it up we just got to flatten
all this out dude it's a mess so bumpy
that's it that's it I'm not gonna lie
this is kicking my butt you're gonna do
keep practicing go go go go go
aah
let it go dude it's your first bike
crash you know what
you know what I knew these edges were
gonna be a problem
that's from there yep oh man welcome to
the club kid you know what these edges
are gonna be bad we're probably better
off just taking that away and building a
little Hill oh it's coming along it's
coming along you just totally miss
Cain's first wreck ever he wrecked him
because of these sides his daddy's fault
there you go it's all about speed dude
it's all about speed this is gonna get
pretty permanent pretty quick start
doing the sides I made it so it was like
portable you could just remove it you
got it baby you got it you should have
this done by nighttime give me some I'm
seriously so proud you fell and you
laughed and you just rubbed it off and
you got back up that's what bikes are
all about man sometimes it's gonna hurt
worse than others daddy broke both bones
in this arm you're the man with the plan
will it love it I wish so bad I had all
the video my brother has all the videos
of me and all my BMX stuff like I think
I built my dad had a big tractor with a
scoop on it I built 22 doubles outside
his house three table tops it was like a
whole BMX park that all I did every day
after school was rode my bike built
ramps and I was learning 360s over
doubles like full 360 doubles and I
bailed once and I was a good bail or I
could bail come down on my knees slide
just about every time that's exactly
what I did this time when I stood up the
bow
in this arm was down here like this and
it went up disgusting they even feel it
I stood up didn't even known and it all
hit me
let's hear some broken bones stories
because I know you guys have some hit me
in the comments with your broken bones
stories or even just crashes in general
they're they're terrible that for some
reason we keep going what do you think's
going through his head I'm just gonna
dig right here
I'm just gonna huh what are you doing
you destroying a hard work he knows he's
in trouble
yeah you better on tough guy okay no get
yeah whoa oh my gosh hmm we got our
hands full I can't even lie sometimes
I'm working on my cane can you play a
video game or something he won't he just
won't sit at once last time he played a
video game it's been Rolly two or three
months yeah he doesn't play no more we
need to hoverboards now we only got one
what are you doing dragster oh man what
are you even on that thing like you know
you shouldn't be on wheels oh my gosh
you're just doing burnouts these are the
memories right here that I want to have
Wow
- - did you do hope you guys are having
an awesome day man those are memories
right there that I am just so excited to
capture on film how does he do it he's
Dane on this house he's too short too
short so why we're having all this fun
outside you guys got to see flash here
my knees look at flash it's so creepy
hmm mommy's really good we got such a
late start today and now we're warping
past a little bit of time Britney just
did a little makeup I got to be
completely honest with you man like when
you get to a certain level on YouTube
actually I've never had it until really
this year um I sit on phone calls all
day long for hours made when you and you
have multiple projects going you just
sit on telephones and there's nothing
you can do for the vlog it's like it's
all business and because I live in Ohio
and I'm not out in LA and I can't run to
a meeting or it's always phone calls or
Skype or like I'm always on the phone is
truly been a little overwhelming over
the last few days and and as far as the
vlogs goes it's amazing that I even up
like I'm even able to upload because by
the time I'm off these calls and
Britney's running a smile more store all
day and it's like she's done I'm daring
let's start vlogging in it's really
crazy so if the vlogs are a little off
or they're short or you know they're not
as exciting I just man we're really
really jammed next week it's gonna be
awesome and we're only a couple days
from tanked our episode we can finally
show you the aquarium Friday so soon we
got to fly where's flash
he's going party or is he gonna wait
from in to go come on dude did you go I
feel like we don't watch and we don't
know yeah come on you don't have to go
you got like once every two days but
when he goes he goes so we got the
watermelon you do a watermelon helmet
for cane you guys wanna do that or was
that just a joke
he's so much energy man ah so guys
that's really all I have for you today I
know it's short and uh but you know what
amazing memory to catch on film man I'm
so dude literally canes for bike ramp
first bike crash all on camera which is
huge for us imagine when he's my age
he's able to watch things like that I
mean that's I would do anything to be
able to see Maya yeah I can't even
remember the first time like I remember
the first time I rode a bike I rode it
right off a porch our old house yeah I
was really young - nothing like three
months old or something uh-huh
so guys we will be back bigger than ever
starting tomorrow we have a big day
we're doing a really really cool
experiment I don't think I've ever seen
in my life and also we're doing a big
stunt here at the house then we are
flying to New York City we will be there
for a couple days and um and then the
crazy firework stuff fourth of July is
coming up actually there's something
before that there's a lot there's a lot
going on so pretty much once we get past
today we are ready to rock man so thanks
for being here thanks for supporting I'm
not getting attacked under here these
two are getting pretty you guys are
unbelievable man give some love to Kane
today thumbs up for this dude he is such
a champion he's learning bike so well
tell me some of your broken bones
stories are some of your crash stories
cuz we've all wiped out on something or
uh you know from hoverboards the
skateboards the bikes they're just the
stories are hilarious - man I've had my
own share but that's it we love you
we'll see you tomorrow you were
beautiful
you're one of a kind smile on
good
