hey guys I need a new intro so badly
haha I can't I can't I can't even
explain how many times I do my intro now
used to just do it one time and that was
it now I don't know what it is I just
can't sit I don't know what to say I
said hey guys welcome to vlogger guys
welcome to the vlogger they had they
have a change throughout the time though
but oh you know what I could do I could
do um good morning
oh wait that one's taken isn't it that
oh what's that guy's food Lucy you need
a good morning Internet morning Internet
oh oh let's Charles dang it I've open
taken maybe robot welcome to the block
space alien Dom where maybe I'll just
start the vlog without ever saying
anything like this where we going today
baby we are going to bike shop just in
case you haven't watched the last maybe
week of vlogs cane has become absolutely
excellent on a bicycle no training
wheels he has completely graduated into
riding a bike dude and I'm so proud of
you I'm so happy
um he started on a little push bike and
then I put him on I took his training
wheels off his little bike took off on
that now he's on a bigger bite which we
have borrowed so today we were going to
the bike shop to look for canes very own
big bike dude I love it man
whoa you are excited hey let me tell you
a cool story it's true story ever since
I was a kid this is where I came to get
my bike stuff right here this bike store
so I thought it'd be cool to bring cane
here you ready yeah you can lower the
seat for sure
hundred percent I like the others the
other one better though do look how
awesome that frigging bike is why are
the girl's bike so much cooler I know
they're awesome that one's too small are
you allowed not a minute
they say that that's a big no I should
not be in a bike store like I just love
bikes like I would collect bikes look at
this one fork bike look at that you see
this one fork that's ridiculous I would
be I would be so freaked out right in
that thought I think I'm in love dude
okay gimme we kind of struck out a
little bit in there I mean really struck
out but that's okay cuz I'm gonna get
you and make sure you have the coolest
bike you've ever seen in your life they
had some cool bikes but they're kind of
more design like almost like cruiser
mountain bike style rather than BMX and
King sees me on my bike and he wants to
do that stuff so we're gonna find you a
BMX bike for sure helmet gloves safety
first
once I was four years old and I wanted a
bike in I couldn't get a bike we cannot
eat here we cannot eat here unattended
children will be given unlimited Red
Bull and a free puppy oh my gosh I love
that and have a pinball machine we're
screwed you should go up in again those
girls red ball
what do you draw is this mommy and is
this mommy's eyes
her boobies so these are her eyes I
thought was that your ex yeah I'm
circles oh oh I see what you're trying
to do here is oh what your circles yeah
why'd you put an X there
can you beat him pain
oh you monster this game's rigged good
job so we're gonna play pinball driving
a little bit of food never been here
before but they have Mexican Mondays and
I have been craving Mexican food for a
while I was like let's go get my son but
we haven't done it so yeah how's your
grilled cheese they just happen to have
ice cream across the street your
weakness pizza ice creams maybe number
two no doughnuts or number two ice cream
oh my gosh look look at that Oh
done sold dude you can put anything in
your ice cream you want super good oh
I'm too good to be true
yep too good to be true yeah yep
yep nope kinga Oreo ice cream with ricci
pieces in it country music welcome to
Home Depot where we get lots of soul for
ourself in are you with me okay come on
we'll be right back
I usually remember you're gonna pick us
up pick us up at that door we got to get
all the boring stuff we got to get salt
for a water softener suit signing so fun
what we don't need that we don't need it
wait wait for me wait for me hold on
mommy think she's funny huh she driving
the truck ahead
better stop that truck Oh your mommy
thinks she's funny huh
laughs oh he was laughing like crazy
we're kind of working back home and we
got something so cool to show you what
because work is so much more than I've
been driving like happen and both of
them were warping time passes or your
eyes yeah well I was like at work passes
conversation look how beautiful this
sunset is dude hang on hang on stop I
want to show them without the the tent
all right it's it's still nice but look
at this no pee or poop from this little
monster minim Zeus don't put up with
that get him that's right hit him with
the right I know I got this awesome
thing to show you guys tonight I'm super
excited about it but we're gonna ride
bikes for a few minutes before it gets
dark
you're so fast life just got even funner
now that he's riding a bike man I'm so
excited about this great job little man
set your new tattoo I like it yeah man
you're gonna turn it into romance aren't
you love romance I'm love room what do
it do it whoa got a pause for a minute
give a little love to one of our
favorite sponsors on this entire channel
which is Harry's razors this is
literally my razor I'm not even kidding
how long have I had this a long time
well I think they need to send you one
huge benefit with me is razors last a
long time
this one has lasted a long time the real
truth is even if they were sponsors to
us and they weren't so good to us I'd
still talk so highly of this company the
razors are phenomenal I know you guys
like them I've seen you guys get them as
gifts for your family your dad or your
grandpa you've got them for yourselves
and they're always coming back hooking
you guys with killer deals um just make
sure when you go to their site you use
the promo code Roman my name are OMA in
you get the whole kit for ten bucks and
free shipping no
you put to you for free like that's like
companies don't do that anymore so
that's that's huge just use the promo
code Roman it's a huge discount and to
be honest you get a bunch of stuff like
you get to raise you get extra blades
you get ah like gel and you get it's a
whole box of stuff like this is just my
razor but they send you a whole box and
stuff so check it out I will put them in
the description top link hit their
website up just check it out man don't
be skeptical on if you shave or even a
little bit like I use a electric razor
for all this but this all razor hello oh
hi I have the orange one and it looks a
little less hairier than Perry's get it
you guys know the drill
check them out toppling the descriptions
harrys.com use promo code roman roa man
are you mocking me okay are you ready to
show them the coolest thing yeah hope
you guys are having an awesome day man
we're about to show you something super
super cool I'm really excited I canes
excited about it flash are you excited
you look excited too oh yeah oh yeah
so here it is guys here it is an old
dirty hoverboard pretty cool right old
dirty hoverboard I knew you guys be
excited about it so this is gonna be so
fun and I'm really excited about this I
think you guys are gonna really really
enjoy it did you like it no he thinks
everything's for him oh my god
to my knowledge this is extremely
original and I'm not sure you've ever
seen one before maybe you have I haven't
let's see it oh dude do it do it
ha ha that's awesome you're so good on
it I can't believe you already gave it
up can that you would hog this thing all
night oh my gosh take your time he's got
power you gotta like ease into it ease
into it more power more power I'm dying
to try this yes
um no it's really easy just go really
fast
since the seats adjust what if you put
the seat up really so easy that is
next-level fun right there Oh mom on the
dragsters line up three two oh my gosh
Jane you show mommy on tried to sing let
the flitter four-year-old show mommy how
high it show mommy how it's done I don't
have any problem you're the own wrecking
this thing brick here you are out of
control
Kane's fun I'm fun not good I fell off a
bike when we were on vacation I'm not
gonna like anything like that
Kane is so natural this to me is awesome
like III don't know what else to say
it's like a hoverboard to me was already
fun I like hoverboards and then you add
this to it
I'll tell you a quick story how this all
happened like uh maybe a month or two
ago two months ago a guy named Tyler
reached out to me to heal I got this
product I want to send to your family
maybe you guys would like it he any link
the video I watched like 20 seconds the
video I was like yes I need it now
Sinnott Jimmy I don't know I give him
credit for coming up with this it's
awesome
I just suck at anything ride it makes
you feel better how many epic hoverboard
fales have we seen online
alright this year at least sitting on it
check out what else they sent this is so
cool it's a 3d printed smile more logo
so cool this is the difference between a
good tennis ball and a bad tennis ball
yeah if you got a dog I'm telling you
this because it's the honest truth Penn
and Wilson tennis balls he cannot show
up they don't pop in the middle they
don't break every other tennis ball that
we bought and break in the middle like
this and then you have a dead ball guys
that's gonna do it for the vlog today
thank you so much for hanging out with
us and always goofing off with us having
fun finding new toys to play with look
at my dog man he's so tired the new
puppy's wearing him out so much cuz they
just play all days not used to like that
action of a dog jumping up on a vine
he's having a good time now the future
is going to be awesome and all the new
toys and people are getting so creative
with so many cool things man your
challenge video who can spend the
longest so anyway guys we love you so
much thanks for hanging out with us as
always and that's all I gots we'll see
you tomorrow
let's dance baby I want to dance with
you that's exactly how he talks about I
want to dance with you little lady like
a vampire is that vampire
my name is flesh I'll do the Monster
Mash my name is mash I would sleep in
Zeus's bed
so today tell me guys what is the
coolest toy in your opinion it's out
right now like what is the coolest toy I
know you guys like electronics ipads
puppies we look you guys so much we will
see you tomorrow thanks for everything
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
don't forget how important you are man
you are awesome smile more
