hey guys welcome to the vlog welcome
back to our little house here in Ohio
I've got two boys here's one here's two
I have a girlfriend named Brittany oh oh
well stage name I got two dogs Zeus and
flash and we are ready to start our day
you ready
yeah baby let's go so today we were
headed to my brother's house you know
what my brother got my brother got a
pool like a pool like a real pool and
it's done and it's in and I'm just dying
to play in it so we're gonna take the
kids it's scolding I was like 93 today
and an Ohio 93 is hot man that's like
our that's like I'm not that's super
heat for us dude you're already on a
bigger bike you are crazy
let me see I gotta see it to believe it
look at you dude
you're blowing Daddy's mind we got to
take the training wheels off the dirt
bike now so last night flash was nice
enough to pee on my Wizard of Oz rug
this really good dog man such a good dog
love having that guy around what do you
like more swimming or your bikes money
you have my swimming bike
really really got like you're actually
scared he's best prank ever did they did
I was not expecting that at all would
you get that big red boy what I do get
is from our big red challenge we did oh
my gosh whoa look at this this is so
awesome
Wow dude this is incredible it's huge
it's so big you had to get the biggest
pool huh
yet you had to have the bigger pool all
right okay this looks awesome too I mean
imagine this is this is gonna be
concreted it dude this is this is where
we were ramping the RC trucks now look
at it
no of that that's actually what they
built the whole pool with a good time
Tatom 25 cents an hour nice four grand
your pool is so freakin awesome hey Dale
why is there no slide going from here to
the pool dude you got to step it up bro
at least it can we do a zipline at least
maybe well that'd be cool yeah
yeah man let's do it totally like one of
those trees from well I couldn't bring
you concrete but I can bring your
cardboard thanks it's gonna save me all
summer this is nice cardboard and duct
tape I got you covered man we can put a
little paint on that waterproof make it
look like flooring yeah oh yeah we could
paint block or
when we were down in the Bahamas on our
scuba trip when we were diving with the
sharks our dive instructor was doing
these crazy airings which Dale is really
good at blowing the air rings underwater
but he did a type we've never seen
before and it's basically where you blow
airings straight uh in front of you you
think you can do it I think I can do it
bana bana a NAT and you're going like
that as fast as you can
but I don't get what you're blowing air
out of your mouth and then you're just
grabbing it just like no it's just like
you just pull it tight like a tiny
amount of air and when you go like this
it's sucking the air into that vacuum
and pulling it it's true crazy cool
really really hope you guys are having a
phenomenal day man I hope it's perfect
man if it's not I hope you always reset
a little bit with this vlog and these
vlogs that I do I hope that it's a good
reset for you I was trying to inspire
and lift you guys up just know that you
know everyone's struggling man you're
not the only one trust me
today's really just our Sunday Sunday
Funday hang out with the kids the family
mom and dad are coming over we're just
gonna goof off mansoor hope hope hope
you guys are having a great day if not
make it a great day it's up to you man
not gonna lie I actually have fallen in
love with this thing and I can smell
that grill all the way out there
yeah good what you en you know spoil
your appetite little girl chips and
cheese I'm just jealous give me some
okay you could buy eat more watermelon
than anyone I know I'm gonna make a
watermelon helmet he's gonna wear while
you rides his dirt bike no I'm not put
some eye holes you safe are you gonna
eat it okay I got a usual one strip in
the front it's my card two teeth out
like a jack-o'-lantern
I got a drone now guys I got to do drone
stuff I can't lie I've been driving this
thing off the vlog like not putting it
in the vlogs I've been flying it I
absolutely fallen in love with it it's
said that one of the coolest toys I've
ever owned I'm not good with a drone it
just does it for you it's so simple so
uh yeah
you have been doing your nails for like
10 hours Kate nail hey no I came to say
that I clipped on this new clean
wondered out what's going on in there
nothing no it is warping back home
oh my god he's so big smells good
that smells like flesh turns what's up
little man he pooped oh are you sure
Kane didn't do that that little chicken
nugget right there oh how about you pick
it up I'll give you 100 pieces of candy
oh you want to pick it up I'll give you
a hundred and five pieces of key hello
boys sleepy man d actually go out here
you pee I know I saw him pee but no you
travel he changed his name to pooper
come on there you go the light the
lightening over here is insane have you
seen it
Zeus you need to talk to this little guy
about not pooping in the house so over
the last few weeks maybe even months you
guys have been sending me these ideas
for Zeus like he loves his tennis ball
he all he wants to do is chase his ball
huh that's all he does he wants to play
with his boss so we found I don't it's
not actually the one you guys sent us we
couldn't get that one but we found this
cool thing I'm gonna open this thing up
is it over here yeah he's brought it in
today huh sturckow let's fun we'll do it
in here well dunno
tired yet is all this is gonna be
awesome
I think about if I do it inside then
while I'm editing you can just be doing
this thing like I break a window or a
lamp oh snap I think it's already
charged oh yeah
Zeus come here look your wildest dreams
have just come true put the ball here oh
snap
we got an auto tennis ball shooter for
Zeus man and in flash but flush doesn't
even know yet
Zeus is the tennis ball boom whoa told
you it was an inside toy awesome okay
come here soos big slap put it here drop
it there you have to put your ball here
the day that I walked in my house and
Zeus is playing fetch all by himself I'm
gonna lose it man
can you imagine just walking in senior
dog plan macho Kane whoa Brittany got
Zeus and flashed something uh well I
haven't even seen these why they put
packing peanuts in a in a wooden object
I don't even have plates that look that
nice this coming perfect right now yeah
it's perfect height it like keeps the
spine straight yes it goes wrong what do
you have it man the dogs got a nice
nicer table than we do you now have a
nicer kitchen table than we do guys we
need a little um wooden thing it's a
Zeus and flash
I can paint all the fronts like their
news it is jammy time comfy time cuddle
time family time this is like just load
that thing up with balls guys we love
you so much we are gonna take off and
call it a night this little bugger needs
sleep guess thanks for hanging out with
us on our our Sunday family day it was
just great man really really great hope
you guys were getting some family time
hanging out with you know any family
that you can moms dads brothers anybody
you got in your life make sure that you
hold tight to those people they're
everything they're all you're going to
have in the end all you're gonna have
your family man so hold on to them tight
we love you you are beautiful you're one
of a kind smile more
