here we go we got this ready up the
sausage mouth
hey guys walking to the vlog today is
gonna be a little different than the
last five crazy days of science and
explosion because today is my brother's
birthday happy birthday dude we've all
wanted to go here but we never went so
we're gonna check it out today should be
yeah should be fun I think I'm totally
out of shape so I don't know how good
I'm gonna be at it but I am tired my
arms are here we are I don't know what
to expect
you can do the Sylvester Stallone upside
down hang from cliffhanger I'm gonna try
I was gonna drop some some heat on us
I've had them hand grips I've been
practicing for like 14 minutes before we
got here how much to get in there with
my shoes favorite shoes mm-hmm how much
to take one cup full and drink it Wow I
can follow my shoes you should check
yours up
first and then do that same thing when
you come back down you know make sure
you stay locked in and then as you down
lock in and then unlock from yourself
he's a spider monkey doing good dude
get on get go it's your left foot move
your left foot up there you go
I bet from up it looks so how was it
be nervous you did good you made it red
one dude how cool is this oh my yeah you
ready for a super hard expert level
10,000 join the club this is by far the
most challenging we've blown yet and you
have to like we just learning you stay
on color so black is an actual line it's
a good challenge yeah I barely made it
I'm gonna be honest and then like if you
did the purple line look at this one you
can only use purple all right we got a
little atwood competition going here my
brother this is a 12 this is the highest
rating you can go there's barely
anything to get we're gonna see who can
make the longest got my brother here
both my cousins Nathan and Travis are
you guys allowed to try twelve yes both
of them alright then we're all in we're
all in if anybody can make it past that
one I'll be surprised try again try
again try again I'm sure I camera this
is like oh I could do that no problem
but these are really difficult alright
one more try just got a bigger tips you
have to like
Nathan's loving it hold on from a dishes
different situation
you're better off sticking your fingers
in these holes dude okay got it
yeah all right there's nothing there now
that's just gonna blow your fingertips
out come on somebody I feel I got I feel
like I did pretty good already done I
figured that much you got right here no
go use your right hand where everyone is
yeah
oh you're screwed
I didn't see this one I think that's a
big play he got hired me I know what I'm
I know you got this bro just so you know
there is no grip like you're literally
just grabbing whatever you can you know
what happened is right before this I ate
hot porn ah Greece you shouldn't have
that popcorn on it by the chalk bag so I
you know it just gets you every time two
and three if somebody touches this grip
they win I made it all the way to there
oh oh oh
there's a tie we got it we got a tie ha
oh oh oh
touch it yeah good job you can tie it or
you can take the lead but you got to
touch that one the big jelly beans I get
a grip on it that's a win he all he did
was talk - all right we hear you get up
here Big Bear nice so hard there you go
nice nice that's looking good oh the
wall is winning all right kick him kick
him out of here he's out he's done this
is probably the coolest part of the
whole building no ropes no harnesses
just free climbing that black ID wish me
luck and you just go up yeah black only
to God like you're good once you go come
on the right moment there you go there
you go Oh
you have to start yeah it's not how high
you can reach it's practice you know now
a good school hair you got a lot there
you go
hello I want that white one right there
no ropes no harness six miles to the top
that was awesome if you have a rock
climbing place do it so did like I've
never done it was five it was so fun
yeah I mean I can't believe we waited so
long to try is to write one of them
things you don't think you don't need a
mountain nope everybody better thank
Dale because he's the reason the vlog
went up today he did all the driving so
that I could upload and get that done
you ready next time I was three to me
machine guns you're the best dude love
to smell a fresh gunpowder in the
morning gonna head over do just a little
bit of shooting got a couple of fully
auto machine guns to shoot they don't
have have you done this I have you did
alright and it's hey you can do it every
day
and it's pretty exciting it's the heart
pumping yeah I think it's good stress
release and everything Wow look at that
how many bullets 100 150 gonna be plugs
this guys been talking mad crap about
your birthday dude he's like his
birthday sucks hope you guys are having
a great day we are just hanging out
goofing off for my brother's birthday
hanging out with my boy that's 50
busting up all right originally it's
just a flat in barrel dude
there you go that's single shot nice got
the clip good job
shot tap it you like two three bullets
that's awesome that is awesome so much
brass flying everywhere that's pretty
interesting I didn't know that's how are
you let it hit fire I'd rather you not
I've had too many ceiling Wow you could
honestly just hold it down for days no
wait wait what's a drum cost 35 bucks
yep let's see how long it takes to blow
35 bucks ready Oh
home off in three seconds
thirty-five dollars in three seconds
totally worth it Waldo dollars a second
hey where's balls is where's your ball
Zeus huh is it outside look at this
I literally just came home grabbed
little cane and we passed out for like
45 minutes
I went hard this week guys like to get
these vlogs up every day I tried to make
them longer closer to 20 minutes I was
going to bed at like 3:00 4:00 a.m.
every night and then getting up as early
as possible to make the vlogs even
longer and I just crash
but it feels so good to be putting out
content for you guys thanks so much for
being here I'm just soos get your ball
dude that's what we came out no I can't
reach that
oh you making me work for no meet
halfway if you didn't watch yesterday's
vlog we blew up a bunch of light bulbs
out here and now there's little
fragments of glass everywhere so I
personally made a nice safety net look
at that lets legit
nothing crossing that hey little girl
are you ready oh I wish that you
understood how attracted I tracted I am
to you when you do nothing to this guy's
back me up no no no no back me up guys
how good does your grow up with no
makeup I think it's a thing like we like
sometimes with no me I do I'm a big fan
of it online and I like a little too it
looks amazing horrible days awesome
ready when you are
are we guys serious question and be
honest with me is there anything behind
me anything at all is there anything
behind me
you said you I don't think so is that
your new outfit headphones on that yeah
game hey who's that can i something's
got me something's got a hold of me
who's that
ha ha ha oh boy did you give me a
piggyback ride ready
there is nothing we turn it all into ice
cream and we frozen it's beautiful out
okay I'll meet you over there
Oh take Dale's truck
okay birthday happy birthday happy
birthday that's awesome just I can't
believe you're 15 dude what a platter
that is the coolest idea ever that's a
real fruitcake as a healthy bird yep
in the shape yum-yum-yum-yum-yum they
flip it
how is it with it good all right guys
let's see if we can scare some kids
maybe if I lay this down I can get up
here here's what we got going on knowing
I are outside all she got up she'll be
back there's no steps there's no way to
get there but Brittany Brittany's been
sitting right there so she sits back
down I gotta get up there something
touch my finger Shh oh you should with
the metal part in the ground so it like
sticks to the round
that's super smart I know
oh that's so oh that's so steep I can do
it wait for her to sit back down
okay no way did it go hey oh my gosh
he's so freaked out I know I won if you
should go inside in film mmm yeah really
jagged rock climbing okay I saw you with
the camera and I was like what she being
in it
you got up right when I was about to get
you I was going for Britney oh but she
moved
all right guys warping back home hey
Zeus just sleep all night
now you gonna be hyper all night ham
JEP fun tonight buddy you were good
today you're so good you're always good
how does it even get like that wait is
tag there's a tail hold very still I'm
going left-handed no kidding what is
that time every day must come to an end
did your fun today dude anything okay
what just happened yes was the best
Saturday we are wrapping up our night
time flies baby it won't stop it won't
slow down guys we're working through the
night we are we're gonna call it a day
we had a great day my brother had an
awesome birthday happy happy birthday
Dale we love you so much
um imma let you finish hmm to mother
tomorrow Mother's it is late isn't it
we're beat guys we are honestly tired
doing it I don't wanna bring it me down
but I am I'm tired I'm stuttering I'm
not talking right um I'm off so I'm
gonna edit this vlog start fresh
tomorrow
we freaking love you thanks for
everything we need a new special guest
so tell us in the comments who the next
special guests should be see you
tomorrow
smile more dang that's it oh my god
ending that still they didn't even go
out no way I gotta save them no way the
fire
