hey guys welcome to the vlog already a
super really interesting morning we are
out of gas the truck is when it's out of
gas you got to get to the gas station to
eat gas really quickly it's thirsty huh
here's why the mornings already
interesting we get to one gas station
while she's pumping soon as she starts
power goes out your gas station will
power
everything's out so weird I've never
ever in my life seen now our actual main
go right now to get Kane into his ear
appointment to see if all this sand and
all the stuff is out of his ear it's
been it's been crazy dude Lisa's not
sticking stuff in his ears like other
like I've seen kids like stick corn and
peas and like food down in there it's
stuck don't get any ideas
when Noah was little he stuck out he was
piece of corn up in his nose so far the
head yeah you hear the doctors yeah is
it working come on
break it put your fist to it Brett
Marty ten minutes late so we're in a
hurry ah
anybody else notice when you're in a
hurry everybody drives extra slow oh
yeah or when your honor her you drive
extra fast making it look like
everyone's driving slow all day hunting
for you baby day huntin are you gonna
purposely hit every red light that's
okay I've gas on my new shoes you got
gas any shoes oh man what a day that was
just like no and stop didn't pulled it
out and it was like gasps I'm just like
oh we're hitting like every speed bump
today we need Aloe extra boost of
positivity I can see it I can sense it
and I walk in that gas station we were
too sad she's like you better take
shelter we're about to get the craziest
storm in seven years we haven't had a
storm like this in seven years I'm like
I didn't mean oh yeah meteorologists
worked on a gas station to top it off
right now you can't see if a both I
brought two batteries and both of them
are flashing red I did bring my charger
I'll plug it in at the doctor's office
but what Wow Wow
what is going on today we're gonna have
a great day you got
you'll be perfect just get the pizza
pixs everything when you're in a hurry
this is your ultimate enemy right here
trash trucks and red lights hang in
there baby
glasses Hey oh that's the kids you have
to make stops all right guys we have
made it to the office oh it's my chair
charge up close charge up
what do you mean it's Dutch with that
I'd rather have this anywhere Kane's got
the best chair Bob we ready to do this
let's get it done man you're getting as
big as mommy look at that that's scary
look like it did Oh
batteries so dead I know I can't leave
it still working you don't do haircuts
do you know maybe we could do a
two-for-one deal yeah good yeah good job
little buddy we are out of there so kind
of good news and bad news his ears not
fixed last time we were here he had a
little ear infection so the ones cleared
up and then ones not cleared up which
try one more time to clear it up
if not they want to put him under and
put tubes in his ears which I'm not a
fan of I'm not a fan of putting
especially putting him under you have to
go to sleep for that I actually had
tubes when I was little so there's a
good chance that he has my chance that
sucks
he's got the cowlick I may need the
tubes
I thought the cowlick was gonna be
enough punishment man I really did
oh he's got him cornered hit him with
the right
it already jumps with you oh oh you
better run you in trouble now
oh he's got a speed Oh easy Zeus watch
the right hook watch the right hook and
get you every time
BAM so I wasn't going to do this at
all in the vlog like at all I was gonna
do it off camera and just show you guys
the final piece but then I thought why
do you guys are youtubers a lot of you
are trying to be vloggers a lot of you
may this may actually interest some of
you so let's start from scratch let me
explain to you what I'm doing first of
all you guys know I travel a lot I have
to travel a lot and I'm about to go on
tour it's a pretty big towards like a 20
city tour where I need equipment and I
learned from vacation with the family
that I did not have everything I needed
to make the greatest vlogs I could I was
always shy a piece where my brother had
it I had to borrow from my brother so
today I am going to attempt to build the
ultimate survival kit for a vlogger
that's cool right survival vlogger kit
you wouldn't want me to flash of bath
vlogger survival kit what all and you
guys can help me out on this this isn't
something that I've perfected this isn't
something that I'm like good at I want
to create a survival kit so here's what
I got this is a check on case this
you're allowed to carry on a plane this
is the proper dimensions to carry onto a
plane this is a checkbox which means it
has to go under the plane so there's two
cases one holds a lot more but a lot of
you guys and me when you get on a plane
sometimes you don't want to put your
valuable equipment and your laptop and
stuff under the plane so you want to
pack it into one case here's the hard
part
this is pluck foam pluck foam so that
means you only got one attempt to cut
out the exact mold that you want let's
start with this one
now you give in flesh Abed hey little
man hey little chicken man Noah you're
building a survival kit as a vlogger as
a filmer you have one item to put in
this box right away what's the first
item wall camera vlog camera good idea
I'm gonna go and say vlog cameras too
you should always travel with to vlog
camp I know I'm adding to it that's okay
you're not wrong here you're not wrong
too full of cameras at all time in that
and in my opinion is two plus the one
you have it's always a backup you never
know before I get too deep into this I
want to explain to you how this all came
about as a youtuber we get paid by our
views the ads however where there's no
there's no real algorithm that shows you
what you're getting paid you get paid
differently every month but here's what
happens as youtubers we don't have a lot
of right offs as a business owner you
need write offs otherwise you're gonna
pay it all in taxes I know that's kind
of complicated if you're young but as
you get older and you start a business
you need write-offs tax exemptions that
is right so the reason this project all
came about is my accountant said ramen
you need more write-ups
so I started thinking about what I could
write off a blonde it's always like
travels my biggest write off but he's
like can't you buy any more equipment
and I'm like okay I've got an idea
brings me to my second point if you guys
are trying to start a business you're
you know you want to take that step
start the business get in LLC that
allows you to write off things when I
buy this camera I'm allowed to write
that off in taxes it saves me a lot of
money in the end so it's really
interesting it's really you know Oh Matt
explain it why don't you open these pull
out the pieces let's figure out how
we're gonna cut this foam out and again
guys I was gonna do this all off-camera
and just show you hey check out my
survival box but I don't know this this
may actually interest you guys in this
is the extreme version of this you can
obviously throw all your crap in a bag
or you don't need three cameras this is
like the ultimate survival box
k-much foot watch producing the bathtub
too I have developed kind of a pretty
heavy OCD so everything needs to be
symmetrical and I feel like if I pluck
the wrong foam it's just gonna throw me
off like if one cameras here and then
one cameras here it's just gonna be
weird I'm gonna add to this GoPros
GoPros gotta have a GoPro GoPros are
great for not only underwater but time
lapses and other things so let's add I'm
gonna say two GoPros now I bought two
brand-new GoPros just for this box but I
gave one of them away in my livestream
so now I only have one I do however have
a lot of old GoPros that I sneeze in my
prank videos all the time so I'm just
gonna use one of those oh you got into
this right here is my original GoPro
case with all of my prank GoPros and
I've said this in the past GoPro has
never ever sent me a single item I've
actually bought in every single camera
including my vlog cameras and gophers
nobody's ever sponsor me with any of
this stuff so this is my own collection
that I have collected over the years and
I actually have a ton of broken ones too
these are the ones that actually work
all right under the couch whoo Lacey's
clean he's wet dog yeah he's like all
your clean don't touch me
so basically the way this works is you
pluck the foam out and you design your
case and once you've plucked it that's
it there's really no going backwards did
you - hey buddy if you could put
anything in this case for vlogging what
would you put you getting it
I cannot imagine what he's grabbing
this for my case I don't know kind of
takes up a lot of space dude well we'll
see if we can make him fit all right so
here's my guest this really isn't that
interesting to a lot of people so I'm
gonna skip ahead a little bit I'm gonna
I'm gonna keep designing cutting this
thing out and just seeing what I come up
with here I'm already stuck because I
don't know do I do I do it with the
bottom on do I do it with it off do I
make it do I make a jump a junk hole
where I just throw stuff that's I'm
confused
hey buddy I need a I need some expert
advice here I figure you're the guy I am
building let me show you here I am
building the ultimate vlogger survival
kit this is like everything you need as
a daily vlogger net obviously you're
more extreme than I am but I just I want
one piece give me one piece you have to
have in your case you gotta have the
vendee tripod and the little bendy
tripod okay the little ones
Roma they fit on your camera remember
when I got it okay anywhere all right I
got one I'm gonna add it in all right
thanks buddy
all right this actually my case of all
mounts tripod stands GoPro accessories
you name it it's all here we've got
choices medium large and and small this
is like GoPro this is like DSLR and this
is probably vlog camera we're gonna go
with that one Casey's edition was the
little Joby tripod so we're gonna add
that in somewhere around here okay so
Dale just stopped by what would you add
to my survival kit all right I would add
GoPro to tripod adapters because you
can't find them anywhere like in stores
that's true and there's extra USB cables
and not even necessarily the ones you
have like the old-style
when we're on vacation that's the one we
didn't haven't yeah
our son didn't have it it's a lots of
cables or USB cables adapters got it got
it okay cool I'm gonna get everyone's
advice on this thing
all right guys Dale says cables lots of
cables USB cables chargers
perfect - I probably forgot him but I
need something to put them in like a
little box so I can cut a hole out with
a be good idea I want you guys to weigh
in on this - because I there's no way
I'm gonna get this done today this is
not gonna happen I'm gonna eat up my
whole day trying to design this box so
tell me in the comments what would you
add to the box what's up dude hey I got
a question for you I am building a the
ultimate survival kit for a vlogger my
question to you what is one piece of
vlogging equipment that you can't live
without if you were traveling what would
it be
nope doesn't count battery holder
alright buddy it's been nice talking t
that came in dude I can't even
physically lifted the SLR I like it I
think I can fit one I think I'll have
room okay good suggestion buddy all that
or it's all for tour dude alright don't
be on be on Romans hop cases calm all
right thanks buddy I'll talk soon I'm
gonna smash this guy on tour I can't
wait
my little pop-tart ninja Wow
suppose he says DSLR now here's the deal
I have never blogged with the DSLR I'm
still the old fashion blogger that runs
around
with my little camera but I will say for
traveling DSLRs are pretty awesome for
more than just vlogging they're great
for photos there's no I'm pretty picky
with photos I like a good photo so this
could be a nice addition pull it pull it
pull it you got it you got the wiggle
wiggle wiggle wiggle you want to take a
little break and ride some bikes yeah
come on flash come on oh man every time
I think we're about to get grass growing
somebody comes the electrician's were
here today and they just dug a hole oh
you guys missed yesterday's vlog it was
a huge day for us here at the outlet
house Kane learn how to ride a bike with
no training wheels man so exciting he's
a natural man no training wheels buddy
oh you got it man you are rockin jeez
guys these storms are bad today if you
look close you can almost see a cloud
you got them foam lips girl fantastic
it just needs work yeah canon DSLR vlog
cameras kept the batteries in them so
there's more space time to get those
mouths water and at that today we're
back here with dads grilling rail huh I
didn't do that your mother did that she
cooked the whole rail Brittany's mom
crank this thing up left it against the
realm cooked it oh yeah and you were
here where were we you early on a beach
gross if this ain't all-american dinner
right here I don't know what is mac and
cheese and barbecue chicken how is it
guys
I like chicken is it the best you've
ever had I think it is the best Jana
I've had yet yep he's earning his might
give him five bucks to say that so
you're you only owe me
49 bucks not good job sorry mom I'm
going upstairs I came the upstairs you
don't get paid for doing work you
started be doing Wow honey look at the
wind you can almost see the leaves movie
miles per hour I can almost see the leaf
moving dang the wind is blowing so
Brittany's like we got to take the
basketball hoop in in case it storms
there's no it's honey it's the calm
before the set now maybe maybe you're
right
are you kidding me he thinks it's Kane
it's not gonna rain come here this
morning at the gas station the lady
working there's like you better find
shelter you better find shelter the
biggest storm since 2011 s coming
through guys it is to call miss night
I'm convinced if you watch The Weather
Channel here in Ohio they'll have you
like living inside your house don't go
outside don't go outside there's me
there's nothing going on man all right
guys we're gonna do something incredibly
rare probably what two months month and
a half probably since we well we don't
know if we're gonna watch a whole movie
yet but I know it's not even working
probably been about two months since
Britney and I actually the family will
watch a movie together so we're gonna do
that you ready cuddle up you love you
good huh we will see you guys tomorrow
you were beautiful you are one of a kind
smile more go straight pedal pedal pedal
pedal pedal pedal you're riding a bike
cane you're riding a bike yes
stop you did it dude so happens you go
fast now starts blowing out of your nose
yeah
