hey guys welcome to the vlog we've got
an absolutely beautiful sunny day got my
boy Noah with me what's up buddy
hello start our day with two things one
very boring I am finally going to get my
hair cut look at this because didn't
even told me how bad it looks topping
wearing this hat to cover it up you guys
know the second things very exciting for
Noah because he has been saving up his
money for a new iPod which he finally
has actually a $20 shy and I told him
now I will cover the 20 bucks let him
work it off this week so you ready hope
you guys are having a wonderful day man
no matter what time it is let's start
fresh right now on this blog no matter
what problems you're having let's just
let's close it like a book and start
fresh right now let's have a good day I
know everybody's saying Roman you can
buy know a thousand iPods that's not the
point
my dad taught me how to work something
school never teaches you how to do guess
what when you graduate you got to go to
work
they don't teach you how to work it's
the most important thing on this planet
man you've got to know how to work those
are the ethics I try to put into my
voice too and also when you work for you
take care of it you want to respect it
- you were gonna put it in the safest
case my point exactly if it was just
Hannity may not take care of heartbroken
we're here we're here we're here you
sure you don't get your hair cut Mohawk
fuck we can just buzz it all off little
shave job yeah some lightning bolts tell
him tell him what you what's up Big Dawg
been a fan of you missing you I started
look like you let that thing bro out I
can't come there's no letting it would
take like all summer to get like stubble
we think no no one's gonna have facial
hair before me besides nothing left
there's nothing no you don't wanna do
one half I think we went light or not
maybe we do I think after this one we
need a new hairstyle guys wait what can
we do for my hair it's starting to go
gray I'm starting to get old man I can't
pull this off much longer
no it's boo-boo face just I'm not
getting that old yet buddy one down one
to go you ready you know how you look
excited like you're holding it in I know
your palm but I'm very excited get a nap
I will drive you to our destination you
sleep relax
movie on the flight will be
hey dude like four 20s you really did
save your money
Tony gift cards and a picture of damn
alright this your hard-earned money you
ready give it up if you're ready I'm
ready to look at all this stuff you
could buy with that money
look at it so what color blue is that
red or pink pink silver gold black go
okay so then we have black and blue
which means
this good point good point
ah okay different store difference
though no one's looking for the gold
iPod which they didn't have so we're
gonna move to the next store we're gonna
try there's either like Target Walmart
more huh just tell me where to go I'll
Drive you
well you had to pick the one that
everybody wants everybody must want goes
nobody has vote or nobody wants golden
over to stock school please I don't know
my theory is you're gonna put it in a
case anyway but that's the difference
when you save your money for something
one exactly what you want it was a gift
you don't care what Helen alright man
thank you alright
no gold no God don't don't don't don't
same time same time ready what no no
here we go we get it oh we're terrible
there we go there we go yeah
alright buddy this is it this is it the
moment of truth wait those are phones uh
uh I see blue ah
let's go right that's the one that's the
one right I did it
let's get somebody open that glass just
made this kid's day man been lookin
huntin searching really alright we're
gonna start with that gift card how much
could you have won I think it's 25
fishers 60 70 80
he's been earning it man he's been
earning it there you go thank you so
much sir
good job buddy video to men so you won't
be in what's up I'm a really big
handsome no big fan of them socks ha hey
so we're seeing my wallet empty and
light it's totally draining back you
were $54 and 11 cents shy fit before you
set me up
you saw my accountant you know why could
you count in the gift card which was
like $40 now onset 280 no this is
confusing man all right well you just
got more work to do that's all yeah
we're looking for baby gates two reasons
one we want to keep flash from going
upstairs um for now because he's still
being potty training we don't want to
find landmines upstairs too
we need a new one for the ball pit room
because the one in the ball pit room is
totally totally destroyed I don't know I
like this requires tools doing oh you're
the knight nope no not true no tools
required perfect
we're just knocking it out today man
left and right we got it all done like a
home party with the fam you mean my iPod
yeah yeah I see you for another month
beyond that iPod all day you know God's
it well you've earned it almost all of
it
wait do you see what you have to do for
that rest of that money dude
every pile of poop that dog lays yours
well no training wheels dude it's
awesome
no training wheels at all I gotta see it
do it again yeah welcome home the puppy
life this is the puppy life yeah ant
repellent welcome huh he's licking me
inviting me it's so easy to have a puppy
let's get more it's get a dozen puppies
guess what Cain just did he just rode
his little scoop bike without feet
without scooting what do you want to
take your training wheels off your big
bike
dogs got something I think it's safe to
say no is gonna be busy for a while yeah
I'm gonna go help Kane out stickers Oh
Kane thought it would be a good idea to
decorate the camera so this is how far
we made it yeah why not just bring the
whole bike in come on perfect nice and
cool let me take them bad boys off you
don't need them completely unexpected
thing to do today because Kent he's been
working on a little bit but I think he's
got it
you don't need training wheels no wanna
pull up to the pit stop beep beep me I
need the back of your bike
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba are you supposed to
like just loosen up a lot first probably
no I think I think it'll only slow him
down I think he's ready
bump-bump mom this is the day this is
the debt no I need speed man bikes are
about speed if you roll a reel down the
road it falls over when it stops it's
all about motion movement you're doing
it already you're doing it Kane oh my
gosh I'm so excited right now we're
gonna take bike rides okay you need more
speed you need more speed before you get
on the pedals ready go straight pedal
pedal pedal pedal pedal pedal you're
riding a bike cane you're riding a bike
yes you did it dude so happens you go
fast now starts blowing out of your nose
yeah you got to remember one thing for
me okay part of riding a bike is
wrecking that's part of riding a bike
when you fall you get back up okay all
right let's do it this is where it
starts man this is where it starts next
thing you know we'll be dirt building
jumps in the yard when mommy's not home
it's gonna be awesome dude you're just
straight riding man totally on his own
Cain you are you're killing it you're
killing it dude yes you're a biker dude
now look at this kid you kidding me
just move the truck so he has some more
room he's unbelievable ease up make me
so happy
oh good as fast as you can everyone's
probably like big deal your kids around
am i listen when your kid rides a bike
for the first time it's like that's a
huge part of life is riding bikes man
for your whole life you'll ride a bike
he's doing burnouts I'm so excited I'm
so excited well that's what you lived on
lived on my bike it's good and bad
it's good cuz you run a bike it's bad
because he's already to the age where
he's around the bike I know times flying
man it's flying that was totally
unexpected Kane I didn't expect to come
home and just film you rocking it out on
a bike it's awesome so happy right now
I'm like I got chills Hey
rest in peace these old things want them
away no longer need on adios pitch them
peace out training wheels that's right
that's right
oh well all our plans that we had today
completely went out the window due to
Keynes BMX skills we are now stuck
outside ran bikes
I got one just for you guys ready I
can't sit all day we can just hop
together oh you did put shoes on come on
can you gotta learn this one
come on you vehicle he gonna wear it he
don't have pegs
how many helps could I do look at that
look at that Oh see that I did whoa I
have no complaints I could easily spend
a whole day just riding bikes like may
not be the best thing for the vlog but
it's awesome for us this kid is killing
it
beautiful night stars were out see that
right there's a star there you go Lily
Vanilli I've learned two things about
riding bikes today one I'm Pro it
completely out of shape but then the
benefits on on the good side I can
actually still do a couple trips good
job good job honey I'm proud of you ah
come on come on come on tell you this
all right guys thank you so much for
hanging out with us today and really
just being a real family day I mean we
didn't do anything exciting or out of
the ordinary to try to spice the vlogs
up this was really a day in our lives
and I just I just thank you guys so much
for hanging out I know some days or
we've we have a lot of different days on
these blogs we have like exciting vlogs
where we we do things that are extra
exciting we have family vlogs where it's
really just our life and memories that
we want to capture
we have boring vlogs where it's like I'm
not uploading this and the Britney's
like no you got out bloated they're
gonna like it
so we we have an interesting mix of
vlogs guys and
just want to thank you for always being
here I know I know a lot of you watch
every day so and not just like everyday
watches but you watch to the end like
you watched the whole hog that's that's
that's what really means the world to us
man I got a zoo over here
I got a zoo anyway guys we absolutely
love you keep your head up keep your
smile and keep being positive I know
it's tough we all got problems but you
can and you will do it and you will get
through any problems you are having in
fact one day you'll probably laugh at
these problems you're having now I love
you we'll see you tomorrow your
beautiful smile more to things I think
Zeus has become comfortable with the
drone I think it's going to work this
time
other thing is the wind is getting
incredible outside so I'm a little
nervous about that because I don't I'm
not good with this I'm not a pro I don't
know what I'm doing
