hey guys welcome to the vlog I wasn't
even gonna start the vlog yet but this
is what are we doing here we got crazy
Russian hacker - Ross what are you doing
we're picking out tiles it's a mystery
yeah why have to find out Italy he says
yo we got to make a stop I gotta get
some tires so here we are you won't be
going on do you one flat one like that
I don't know I think this is a cool like
we should definitely get a little one
okay we'll get little oh and a big one I
hope you'd be good they might even have
bigger you want to see let's go let's
check oh here we go
I don't know dude this is like heaven
time these are awesome
I hope you guys are having such a good
day I am holding a list of the most
ridiculous items in the entire world
that we need this week's we're at all
these stores trying to find all these
things like an axe head a head of an axe
step one is complete
just ask us too small too small dude
you're huge step one complete now we're
gonna go fill a liquid nitrogen tank
dude I have never ever done or
experienced liquid nitrogen in my life I
have not either so I drilled and that's
saying a lot out of you yeah I guess it
does it'll be a learning process in case
you missed yesterday's vlog I have
churros from crazy Russian hacker -
YouTube channel here and I think
honestly what's going to make this clap
so fun is he does science experiments
like very unique cool science
experiments something that we don't do
on this channel so it's gonna it's going
to be a nice Club and then you're gonna
do
we do yeah you're gonna take care of
kids and take care of my life or what
causes this is perfect in which one I
think you need a smaller ones like that
it's weird walking through a store with
an axe
yeah we just arrived at the place to get
liquid nitrogen neither one of us have
ever done this so let's figure out how
difficult it is to get liquid nitrogen
to the throat okay okay honey go and
pour it out of there mm-hmm and we don't
have to worry about this side here no
and it can be capped off no problem okay
yep let's fill her up okay let's let's
just start with it
dude I can hear it I can hear in there
you spin lenders are doing do it to do
it what is it you don't want to Chilton
passes gas I feel like which events me
legal ugly I don't think you should have
a smoking can it looks like it's about
the pop that's nice when you work hard
you got to eat good man that's the rule
look at this marshmallows whipped cream
got it
let's go so you guys know that my house
has been under construction they
destroyed my yard trying to build the
building it happens but they're finally
delivering dirt to fix the hard and the
truck is sucks we're trying to get it
out right now not looking good
just a normal day here yeah it's come on
come on
ah
okay so we're back home we were
unsuccessful at getting that friggin
truck out and we also have one more
ingredient that we we went to three
different stores nobody has any more you
can't find it
we did find a place we have to go pick
it up it's about 45 minute drive though
we got to do it I know our whole day is
just getting stuff I guarantee this days
we worth it though we're off to do
something so cool I cannot wait to do
this like I am service I haven't seen
you this excited for a long time I've
been excited all day but it is a north
carolina's so easy
anywhere I ask you can just get it easy
yeah any store it hasn't been easy for
us so we're still on the heart we will
get this done
guaranteed it's up with the with the
little boys hey cheese in the cup cheese
in a cup you want a straw who won't be
able to do that oh let him try hello mom
give me stole any seizes straw scissors
check what what are you doing you're
gonna see y'all not getting that close
oh no work we did it working really well
you keep this ceiling you like he miss
they would have been painful okay cut
cut strong half come up here dude
watches and then you come to the end go
here and here let's see if it actually
works
oh yeah he's not like crazy you gotta
teach him how to do this and I'll
flatten it it doesn't look as good as
yours it's okay flattened and then use
ball anywhere no like get it like almost
halfway like this
huh she'll bus three so cheap whistles
calm baby you got to blow hard put it in
the middle put it all the way in your
mouth I'll try hmm okay so Brittany is
about to go to uh it's just the lady's
gone away yeah yeah just the lady she is
gone it's mom's birthday today she's won
a dinner in mama pick this purse tell me
which hey this is handpicked by Mama
here Wow that is totally mama she's
gonna be the biggest hit at the moment
clubs all right Ross and I are about to
make the greatest video of all time it
could totally fail me the worst video
all the time to the real good so we load
up we will see soon all right man you
ready to go get some dry ice we're gonna
take the grandma mobile this is all the
grandmas are driving now open
you can't there you go
it pops out yeah it doesn't it did not
for me how do you do that oh I see you
got two more inches that's it that's it
no I stopped you're a big boy let's see
if I can gonna knock it down yeah I can
lay down below yeah lay down feel
uncomfortable this is my song at the Oh
peppermint candies oh I knew it but like
it freaks me out
Oh some ice I thought it was I really
thought it wasn't Lisa didn't look like
a weasel that that day like clearly God
putting the card in it's awesome you
wanna see her too
but my knees don't fit though yeah
you're little you're like a little
sedation oh this is somebody's palace
yeah it says the ice over there it's
somebody's house hey how you doing you
got the dry ice yeah all right man y'all
come out I'm gonna have you walk around
with me it's in the back okay cool maker
I'll be right with you are you as
nervous as I am
uh well it's just a prank to get it at
the store here in Ojai you have to get
your dry ice in de behind somebody's
house yeah can we just look at it oh
this is legit so we have to we can use
those white styrofoam's let's get a lot
oh this stuff's awesome
so that's 17 17 perfect and this is a
bigger one that's okay good yeah that's
good
whoo Oh today might set a record for the
most stores in one day do we've been
everywhere
Dawg it even bought some at somebody's
house today oh yeah
hey what do you mean docile Danya was
that good bye Dada so how do we say the
svidaniya da svidaniya good bye the told
you know how do you say how do you say
smile more and Russian ah all the bicep
Bush what bullabbai smile boys and more
borscht boys Borgia yeah six
plastic buckets my even she laughs she
does hey Jose hey Zeus we got it we got
it mission complete Zeus we got it I
know you were worried we got it would it
the box is actually freezing yep whoa
we've got the newspapers that were
crispy so we just got our dry ice and
we've got liquid nitrogen in the garage
this is dude what are you doing to this
place
Wow put your cup put your tongue on it
no frisbee
no it is false but not bad you don't
want to hold it too long though Wow
I agree with that only once you have
kids you'll fully understand how there's
a popsicle left on the counter melting
it's literally laying here dying I'm
surprised you don't haven't we Tim I
guess yeah alright guys let me explain
exactly what we're doing I think it's
pretty much genius we want to create it
should I tell her just we should just
watch I don't know we should just watch
keep rolling keep it on you've watched
this long you watch the shop all day
let's let's make some magic I think this
is magical look what we've got
it's beautiful is that that's a good
chunk we don't even need to break that
one all right
no we gotta break it in pieces okay what
oh it already broke why does it do that
cool hobby by race that I ass is on we
just broke up 28 pounds of dry ice and
do you should we put this in the freezer
though you're gonna break the freezer
it's so cold it will destroy the freezer
no it over freezes yeah don't put the
ice in the freezer okay there you go
we're gonna pre-rigged these buckets to
be half cardboard walls so that the dry
ice can only go one direction yeah I
like idea so we're laying some towels
we're gonna divide the dry offs in the
buckets you don't see three did we get
enough so we're gonna lay them like this
and then we gonna put hot whatever now
and then drop that ice in there all at
the same time and we're gonna have ton
of small grinding down the stairs okay
basically we're gonna create an indoor
waterfall yep it's gonna look like an
indoor waterfall if it works correctly I
think it's gonna look amazing
yeah well I never done it before don't
find out so here's the theory we've got
these boxes and we're gonna put the
water and dry ice like this up against
the rail so the smoke only has one way
to fall and because why does why does
dry ice why does the smoke fall because
it's cold it's sex co2 smoke it's so
heat rises cold Falls not a hot smoke so
exactly so it's a density you know so
that's what going good that's why we
should get a waterfall effect because
the it basically weighs a lot yeah I
think it's great idea so now the smoke
can't go this way that way or this way
it's can only go that way
I think we're ready for hot water yeah
but what's wake up $1.00 over here so
yeah let's do it
another one that's cold oh this is this
I don't know what th transform stands
for hot well let them feel hot that it
takes them takes a while how long has to
come from the ground up
you felt two at once good hope that'll
speed things up so what we're going to
do is fill this up in the hot water so
when we go to drive the dry ice it will
melt them in a way so it will produce
the most smoke at once you got such a
better idea the bathtub my cheese Dennis
rebels way this is the shot dude right
here superfish so here's the vlog camera
compared to this annual so y-you can see
the whole room all right guys indoor
waterfall here we go get yo man it looks
legit oh do you know what's so cool look
at this smoking it's already ready yeah
you ready
Trey to fall so what we gonna do at once
together just stop keep throwing it into
the boxes how many all of it till there
now let's go oh my god yes here bubbling
yep it balls oh my god look at the
downstairs check this out
let's get boiling water in here yeah
yeah is it you think there'll be
anything left yeah yeah okay so Trust is
trust as if you put boiling water the
smoke point way more smoke so we're not
I mean it's awesome
look at this it's sick so we're gonna
attempt to boil some water how much oh
okay my brother just showed up look at
you yeah you know I've upgraded he's
gonna help us film a little bit this is
so hectic running from upstairs and
downstairs and this thing got a great
shot so happy with it - Ross is not
happy with that I thought it was really
cool we all thought it was cool but he's
like no we need way more so he's up
there making it happen I mean up - it's
just right in the middle is the only
thing but that's definitely it just for
the record this will be crosses mine and
Dale's first use of liquid nitrogen yep
I'm a little bit bad don't I oh boy
hang on let me go hit record on oh yeah
whoo there we go nice how was that it
was quick it was quick
well that's the best I could okay we're
moving on to the next gadget pulls out a
two iron balls covered in rust yep plus
the Iron Bowl and also him over here a
woman coil we're going to go up iron
ball last yeah we'll put it on our
womenfolk just like this safety safety
first always so just don't want to hit
my hands and check this side they want
to dip some light oh yeah I'm on it
how awesome was that
that's sweet crazy whoo there's lapis
ooh yeah you give them one dose sparks
in my eyes what do you think on one you
want to touch it it's awesome yeah let
me have a shot after time who is always
awesome when it happens so fast
that was a good you remember the tiny
balls you'd hit together they make noise
when you're kid yeah that's what it
reminds me but with the sparks in it
yeah well canes are always balls in
there that's what's going on oh we got
it he's straight stole it
how's a good scream I miss the whole
thing
do you see it yeah alright guys I think
this is the perfect time to end this
vlog and we actually shot this amazing
waterfall video for terrazas channel and
it's it's one of a kind I've never seen
anybody I don't think anybody's ever
done this in their living room ever
honestly I think we come up with that
idea together just today fun more
importantly I think you're going to
really enjoy his channel so please
beyond this video go check his channel
subscribe to him here this is just one
of how many videos do you have do you
know I don't even know like almost a
thousand it's almost a thousand videos
go check it I'll spend some time over
there and of course given the love on
this new indoor waterfall video I think
it is so fun to watch it's beautiful
like what you've seen in this vlog is a
fraction of what you're gonna see on
this channel so go smash it we love you
guys we have so much more this week so
much fun unique things and thanks for
coming to Ohio Day this is awesome I
loved it I loved it and we got a lot
more for sure this is just the beginning
it is just the beginning we will see you
tomorrow
thanks for all the love and support
smile more I sit in the next week or two
I'm actually gonna wash my body I'm
trying to do a anything where you don't
shower and you only watch body part a
day
so today's head
