hey guys welcome to the vlog hope you're
having a perfect day and happy friggin
Father's net I saw it coming I saw like
coming a mile away little burnt ninjas I
never set these dogs will protect you
guys over me
no matter what hey you guys probably
just beat me and they'd still be like
get on get on it is Father's Day I got
my boys we were headed over to my
parents house hey I got something that
we're gonna do at mom and dad's ready I
got something really fun to do and we
talked about this a while back something
I used to do we need this that yes you
remember why you don't remember wait
wait yeah okay woody dude another
blowout
here hey mix-and-match socks you got a
hole in your feet should I take food
with us for him what kind of food are
you taking the puppy oh boy
Birds got to eat fish got to swim we're
gonna take this boogie board because
there's something that I've done when I
was a kid I used to do it I'm gonna
attempt to do it today it's not easy it
looks easy but it is not easy and I'm a
lot older now so I mean they're gonna
get really hurt I'm just gonna fail over
and over I'll be the personal new tested
uh-huh
you got your little I can't leave
without my baby you guys ready yeah yeah
yeah yeah look at this look at this
plunger it's a shot it's a oh my gosh he
just instantly bailed on you you can't
sit with me you cannot sit with me come
on come on
can I just ask a serious question you
guys but in on this anybody is more than
welcome to jump in why do they build
Cadillacs with the biggest motors into
only people that buy them are old people
that drive 20 miles under the speed
limit like I want to push them off the
road all right I'm done Randy I'm I'm
having a little road rage this is my own
truck no but I'm serious man every
single nice Cadillac you come up on
you're like come on buddy come on father
time is in front of me I can't get up I
was like I don't get it cuz they super
not like their their machines they're
like fast cars
all right editor um Tad's forefathers
are you into somebody let's party I got
him
I don't get fleece on who welcome to the
big world dude this is for my daddy my
parents have the best garden ever look
at all the dinosaurs remember this one
from Christmas it's the greatest happy
Father's Day
bamm-bamm bring out what you to the king
himself
we got you a puppy oh you know what I
like whoa look at that bag don't let him
mess with that cat hey hey man what up
bro happy Father's Day you thank you
happy Father's Day to you too
whoo I didn't take long you are you
ready to try the ultimate pool challenge
it's hard dude you did all right I'm
gonna show you what the boogie boards
for this is something that I probably
only done once successfully but I used
to think I did it all the time I really
haven't done it that many times so you
take the boogie board you put it here
you have to go run jump on the board
make it across the pool without getting
wet that's the Ninja Warrior stuff you
ready to take on the challenge and bust
your face and now I will not be pretty
when I was a kid it seemed like a good
idea now yeah now I think of the dangers
I'm like all my face is gonna hit the
wall or you'll be fine
oh it's fairly unforgiving here's what I
want to do because I'm totally dry I
want to do it totally dry because then
there's actually a reason to not want to
lose yeah what's up wet I can follow
that all right when I used to try this I
would do it just about right here and I
would just run from that corner so here
we go cut nail here we go man I really
need to feel the board you know yeah I
don't know what's expect you're
definitely heavier now do you mean
you're gonna need more speed to
accommodate your weight you're right
yeah
here we go we believe in you Roman oh
man oh man I can't believe that I really
can't believe that my legs got wet but
that's that's fair
shorts are dry here I'll hold it for you
so stays in place all right I bet you
can oh you see me go across you you did
you trick sir ready all you it's all you
oh I deadly assault I'm and I'm still
trying in my shorts no I did it in
shorts because if I was in swim trunks I
have no fear I just get in the water but
this went across wait you already did it
I did it didn't I
I didn't see anything huh
go go go you got it you got it oh it's
so much harder than it looked this way
to jump off the diving board into a dive
let's see it yep
whoa Wow look at that
whoa all right so what's the secret you
made these bubbles yourself what did you
use is gain ha ha ha this soap y'all use
this soap all right here we go
aah so Wendy whoo you guys gotta see
this beehive wasa I don't know what kind
of bee or whatever it is but look at
this that's a I Dream of Jeannie be
upside down like a magician he's in
there oh it's a bottle B he's in there
he literally is like a hermit or a Bobby
he makes his own bottle and sleeps in it
he's so cute I can't tear him out my dad
refuses to remove it how many children
have to die it was like yeah it isn't
like a hive he just lives in it it's
just one little yeah I think that's the
definition of a high well that's not a
hive at all where bees sleep it's a bee
basket maybe that's where I get my
hunting instincts I can't I can't hunt I
can't kill anything you can't remove a
bee hive but you can sting us off for
eat so cute yes he's a man like man
Jason butterflies wonder why you guys
where I get all my child antics from
this is the front-flip challenge right
now we know
basically it's like the Superman where
the person puts their belly on your feet
and grab your hands but we're going all
the way into the pool okay
nothing playing I've never done this
with a full-grown man to test this stuff
I'm not a full-grown man to test this
star will be using me as an example
really do I jump with you or do we are
lay out here you just lay on me and I
control ha ha ha ha this is bad it's
good it's so bad I don't know Sam and
dive it's something special not everyone
gets to see this yeah salmon dives a
rare Dale classic since he was a kid
it's almost like spot a unicorn he's
been doing this since he was 8 years old
upstream right there that can only be
done once the summer exert so much
energy so much skiffle you got this Noah
jeez it's so close all right you got it
buddy so we thought maybe that it was a
we thought maybe was a little
appropriate to have a little flashback
it's Father's Day maybe some old photos
of us as a family and where do we start
where do we start what you looking at do
mr. name on it give it up yeah sure
ok that's a golden photo dude ah you're
afraid of it I'm not afraid of it it's
just too personal
this is Roman at its best right there
there's me and Dale working over is
brother oh that's a phishing picture
this is you in the background being as
ornery and I'd say on you that's your
beautiful man
this is a great I don't think I've ever
seen this photo this is an awesome
picture this is uh
Cape Hatteras this is Emerald Isle this
is dad Roman and day all right there
yeah for sure that's a great picture
like Gary hmm
so here we are in Lake Erie are you sure
the waters that blue day yeah yeah
that's absolutely that was Bucky's boat
Lake Gary when we did that this is for
all my my BMXers out there this was my
Dino air and it was my dream by GT mate
I don't know if they're still around is
that a fanny pack you're wearing no way
I wouldn't think it is I what am I
wearing mom those are literally flowers
of my shirt what is it no it is not
manufacture oh my gosh you know it's on
my shirt look at this
that is a lionfish and that's a
triggerfish
Wow really look like me no you look like
me he was freaking out the back I'm
pretty cute yeah some boogie board in
action man now this this was one of my
favorite pictures of you really yeah
ever since you were young and I think
this shows your true spirit and I don't
think it's really changed that much
let's see it I'm scared no I mean I'm
serious yeah that is you all over right
there even from the beginning crazy
little man ready to get everybody this
could be the earliest photo of me and my
dad right here yeah it's close couple
more here for you this is uh I mean we
love our sweet corn check this one out
me Dale and dad Shane we really don't
have any group family photos if someone
always had to take the picture selfie
selfies weren't in yet stare selfies yet
this is Dale and I ed and Cape Cod cool
place that's what it was Wales here's me
and Dale eating something at our first
house this is our first house ever man
this one really gets me look at that
whoo you've come a long way papa mm-hmm
hey you made it what's up oh well I
don't know it's gonna be fun I don't
know flash let's go swimming
you got to see these pictures we pulled
out oh really yeah
Britney's just getting back from her
dad's house she ran over there to hang
out a little bit we're just goofing off
man not really doing much pulled out
some really old photos night
unfortunately the day has to end if we
have to say goodbye
happy Father's Day yeah all right guys
sweet we've just brought up another day
and is there hate burning up these type
of days man it's such a good day just
hanging out my mom and dad and my family
of course you have a good time with your
dad hi
and I think stay wrong but did he like
his gift would you get him oh yeah I
Adam a metal detector that's such a cool
gift yeah he's never like really done it
or had like a nice one to go do it with
so I excited we should do like a metal
detecting day seriously III think it's
really fun we used to do with me my dad
used to take me in Dale all the time
metal detecting actually there's a
pretty crazy story my uh I should ask my
mom and dad to tell you the story but
they actually have a true story of they
used to metal detect for change to by me
and Dale diapers that's a true stats a
true story
they were that broke I don't know how
they got their hands on a metal detector
okay it was an investment that's a true
story man we we started with I still
remember our first house we used up
holes in our ceilings and our floor you
could like to see to the to the ground
through our our bathroom floor it's
crazy
so we're headed home we have eaten up
this day and it was just a great day I
hope you guys really enjoyed your day as
well and yeah we're just gonna keep
going hey boy hey Zeus oh I'm out seems
like you got to go ball boys to do
anything just get back I gotcha
drop the camera bye gosh flashes PN hey
our grass is starting to grow
finally one goal tomorrow one goal Oh
God we are gonna hook a bunch of stuff
up to the drone and send it up for you
you excited this yeah tomorrow's gonna
be a very fun vlog because we are going
to hook random things up to this drone I
get it I get a design I guess that'll be
part of the blog is what are we going to
design so that when the dog jumps up and
grabs whatever is on the drone it
doesn't wreck the drum that's the goal
it's got to be like a quick dismount
like if there's a hot dog on there how
do we keep from destroying the drone so
I'll figure this oh he's sleeping on the
towel is it just is there a chance is
there a chance here that this dog is
already bigger oh yeah tell me the guy
was what are we gonna put on the drunk
give me some ideas cuz we're gonna have
like I'm not gonna use this drone for
what most people use this drone for I
mean I probably will because it's gonna
be amazing but I want to do something
original at this drone I want it to be
something unique and you guys be like oh
my gosh why would he do that who does
that that's my type of style right
that's what I want to do what he likes
that room the messiest room the messiest
room in the whole house that's where he
wants to be I'm just guessing it's the
coolest room in the whole house it's
cold it's really cold he's a snow dog
that is it for our Father's Day vlog man
was such a good day so I didn't film too
much um but we really were oh yeah
Brittany got me Father's Day gift this
is pretty awesome to Isis it's all real
made spices he's a blast for on the
grill and like everything is
like 109 spices - spices I was like
because they put crap in there yeah
these are all like like literally
celery's celery seeds cloves smoked
black peppers sea salt bay leaves it's
all real that's gonna be fun we should
do something fun with that we love you
guys so much thanks for hanging out with
us we will see you tomorrow for a really
fun like it's gonna be I promise you
that I will make it really fun um it'll
be you know my style this is looking at
me like what are you hungry
yeah I can't like you had some good see
you guys tomorrow you were free and
awesome you're beautiful you're one of a
kind
mama are you going up now you know you
want me to do it why are you being so
brave we're one little trip one little
treadmill stunt now you're a stunt woman
yeah we're walking up to the jump scene
this is where it all happens people
