hey guys welcome to the vlog welcome
back to Ohio
oh my god I'm so dizzy don't break it oh
yeah pull me up
yeah ready let's go do our thing let's
start this vlog let's go you know let's
go get now come on hey you guys you
ready you're good dude oh god what is
that what do you got in your room yeah
I'm ready I've been ready let's go let's
go so we've had this thing for a while
actually
Owens mom and dad gave it to us we're
gonna go see if it still works you ready
let's go this way
Hey oh boy we got some kids the way out
today baby what happened my students
vitamin know you've officially outgrown
your bike I was right here is this it
I don't remember like nothing right
that's what you're gonna tell him like I
lift it like nothing less you Banat bamp
bamp bamp bamp Ben and little Danny hey
boy give me all you want your ball
that's all you need in your life
cue Oh mommy's driving mommy's driving
this is this is the clean version
you got it straight out straight up
perfect I'm muscle man let's see what
you got holder's oh you got it you got
it you got it come on just get dumping
on Ellen you got it
I think it'll stay I think we're good
now that's just a little bounce house
from the winter bit remember sledding
off the roof go for it don't let it fall
out so there's a really good chance that
this has a hole in it which would be
really bad
you ready rock star
nice delivery MA dude this is gonna be
awesome
Zeus is ready yeah
just this bar it's like a full pool that
is awesome you guys remember this they
just said I remember it being bigger
away smaller this is this used to be
like from our older house that used to
play on the point that you're like knows
when I'm gonna eat when Owens dad would
blow this up it was like the highlight
and he gave it to us this thing's
awesome all the good old days I remember
drinking out of the hose so much you
don't give it a test do it do it
well they look ready whatever bro oh
this is the secret the secret ingredient
no uh you have to run across the yard
jump on the board go across without
getting wet all right go go go go go go
go go go
so there it is hang on roadblock you got
a roadblock Zusi swimming quit drinking
it don't drink it feels so freakin good
to be home guys I know I say this a lot
but home is home mamas why are you
making like vacation health my home is
turning into vacation coz when I'm here
I am on vacation don't kiss on the walk
they don't like that maybe little brains
gonna run to the storing at steak
burgers hot dogs chips no chips fine
going to be my age I get it Simon Eve
its vacation honey chip hurry back I'm
gonna miss you like crazy it's so much
you guys having fun or what are you cool
that wasn't I'm having fun reaction he's
like the color bright green you know
what stinks about these bugs though they
jump this is a water balloon ready ah
didn't even pop wow it didn't pop yeah
all right
Zeus is target bronzes Brooke this is oh
he caught one you actually did get in
his mouth
get him Zeus
razors ready oh you're making Lego apple
juice puffs been hanging out with Zeus
too long
fill it fill it up oh man you ain't
never had no lego pop before oh all
right perfect I think when you when you
put this on it all straighten it out huh
definitely doesn't go that way yeah here
we go now you're talking we got steak
Rome and Brittany know you want burger
you want bugger huh
Dale's bigoted a toast please yeah
there's cereal boy ramen noodles of
cereal lucky Chuck
I mean alfredo noodles steak cereal and
all of this steak is for Zeus Dale's
idea that's nice dude you're ya know
Zeus you're sleeping with Dale tonight
people I could just pick your piece
before I do pick it pick it yours is
coming yours is still on the grill huh
yeah it actually is right come here dude
are you ready this is all yours dude oh
you ready sit his mouth is going crazy
look at that how do you want it medium
wet medium you probably like it well you
probably like a light cook since we're
taking care of the house while I'm gone
all right there you go
eat it black he don't even know where to
start
heylia know where to start Roman what's
up I get paper plate with steak ah dick
that that's an honest mistake honest
mistake look at that hole plates gone
already
before I could even sit down eat Zeus is
finished
alright Kane what do you think this box
is dude let me read it let me read you
what it says it says so much more fun
than getting towed B by RC car what do
you think it is I don't know all snap
it's heavy it's heavy look that's us you
know open it I open it this way right
here get it get it oh snap this
controller drives it look forward
backwards let's charge that baby ah
that's crazy
it might be charged Rome I got some
juice okay so you guys may remember uh
vlogs and vlogs ago I made a video where
my RC car was pulling me behind my big
truck and I said something like I don't
have one of them electronic skateboards
and this guy the owner of this company
sends me his electronic skateboard look
how cool this thing is the greenwheels
win in my heart that's awesome now fill
it oh how long will this bag last yeah
you want me to do it how long will it
like such an awesome day man brother
family's here we're just hanging out man
we're filling the bird seater I mean
that's that's that's something right
there we're filling the bird feet or not
seat it doesn't get much more exciting
than this right here Kane loves it
everybody say good night sunshine we
probably won't see a pro well does that
Tom Kane is taking a bath you got you
really need a boogie board yeah you
would get beat up like cleaning supplies
and stuff under our sink we don't pretty
much all toys
daddy's drawers are all toys
masks yeah and I remember bats as a kid
or the greatest things of all time cane
actually sometimes you have to fight him
to get clean yeah he's a while back what
are you doing Yeah right
you've taken over the house cane so now
that Olin is at his own house now they
just play games together all night you
guys play my gosh Hunger Games I get too
close
that guy is so crazy now remember we
first board playing this oh yeah that
was like worlds all right we'll have fun
let me know if you need food and water
and things like that survival it is
feeding time at the little reef get it
get it feeding time is crazy man these
fish moves so fast her to film them yeah
I got a little wet worm you guys want
him you see smoke looking awesome boy
yeah let's see if mommy wants you you
want this little wet but just me and you
boy he's nice and clean he doesn't smell
like garbage can anymore that smell like
a poopy Pig but she doesn't smell like
an alligator's mouth Zeus is out there
cuz he's all muddy he had all that steak
and it went and rolled in the mud like a
big ol wet pig ah ready I get you some
clothes alright guys we are getting to
that time a night where the kids are
asleep it's time to just hang out cuddle
up watch up oh wait
I'm gonna get it I'm gonna add it that's
okay and I do will used to do what most
couples do it would be like movie time
right now right what do couples do I
forgetting what it's like to not fog
even though I didn't upload yesterday
couple quick things
tomorrow is special guests time we have
a special guest coming to this house and
I'm going to give you two hints the
first hint is we have never
I collaborated with this guest before
that's a big hit there's nobody that's
ever come to the house before the second
hit is I have never collaborated with
this guest ever it's gonna be absolutely
awesome you guys are going to enjoy it
so much so that's it for today's vlog I
know that at this point of the vlog
the only people watching are like people
that want like you you watch more than
just today's vlog you've watched a lot
of our blogs so I did vlog yesterday I
didn't upload it but here is yesterday's
vlog if you don't want to watch it skip
about 4 minutes hey guys welcome to the
vlog I'm getting a very crazy late start
to my morning I'm trying to actually I
don't even know if I'm gonna make my
flight I'm really late
what is this this one on its throwaway
how do I get to 46 a yeah thank you
so I'm trying to get home today see the
kids see the family I'm very excited as
always for that but it's been a crazy
day hi how are you
you
I made it I made it to my gate we're
going home
let's go flying my hostile
oh it's raining who woulda guessed it be
raining man you know any man who
would've known hope you guys are having
an awesome day man I hope you're being
positive thinking positive remember this
a negative mindset will never give you
positive results remember that you gotta
be positive man you guys know this
anyways we lose a lot of time flying
from LA to Ohio so it's not always
exciting on my trips home cuz we lose
like seven hours of your life do we eat
it for our flight three-hour time zone
change huh never get that back now hey
time time is so anyways it's my brother
Dale's little boys birthday right now so
we're gonna head straight there Brittany
kids family everyone's there so come
along with me let's go uh Brittany
already brought the gift so I should be
able to show up I just stopped at a gas
station I got to get him something for
his birthday I know Brittany already got
him something really awesome but I gotta
show it with something where you get a
seven-year-old I know
whoa you missed me dude dude I did yes
dang it what is that
it's cute how are you a week I got here
as fast as I could I'm not even oh you
got something else
oh you I know you got a lot of cool
gifts today but uncle Roman brought you
something else
you ready get you a pack of chewing gum
dude hey mom good oh yeah we were having
a blast I tried to get here
hello you're here now we also got in
some Star Wars legacy he was caught he
basically talking about you this morning
he was sleep talking yeah I was fully
six antelope dad what you know Ward been
home had some serious off-camera family
come over at my brother's you guys have
fun today
you know cz I want to see Zeus - its
Kane low ran guys look cool with your
hood up say hey boy hey dude that was
yesterday's vlog it was literally about
four minutes and I came home and we all
crap I crushed hard and I was like what
grabbed you and like me what went past
my god man so forgive me I know you guys
understand I don't really have to ask
for forgiveness but uh that was
yesterday's vlog hope you enjoyed it we
love you guys we will see you tomorrow
with our new special guest and crazy
nice to me so much fun we will see you
tomorrow thanks for everything and of
course in the comments who's the special
guest we love you at your beautiful
smile more
Big Mac paddywhack give a dog a bone I'm
the best rapper and everybody knows let
me drop some verses i'ma show you how it
goes sick as flow on the web
everybody's want mouth
