hey guys welcome to the vlog hope you're
having an awesome day we're full of
stress right now Brittany can't decide
what to wear huh ah is that the only
options converse I'm gonna say the black
ones those ones yeah I'm gonna be way
overdressed I should text and see what
pans me where this is real life right
now guys we are stuck on what shoes or
what even you're wearing look at me
same as always you're way overdressed
yes I just answered it for you you're
way overdressed
my man how are you how are you and how
are you little guy he's right at home
hey what's up oh it's time outside and I
come in to get my telephone so I can go
back out sitting hot watchin boys play
what did you say when you were young
like we say it's hot as fire outside or
so hot outside was there it was there
saying when you're growing up it's like
hotter than the dickens yeah that's it
what it was hotter than the Dickens out
home hey what are you wearing oh you
have a dress if I wear a dress in heels
it's not too much right no I'm wearing
was it okay girls man girls I just I
don't want to show up in this and she's
in like jeans yeah like me my head all I
really want is girls so tonight we're
going out with Carlton Dale my brother
and Jeff's his wife and I've done the
unthinkable I have done what I think
every vlogger has done it everybody like
I'm Way behind the curve on this and I'm
not trying to do it for the vlogs but
let me show you what I got
uh you want go outside let's go who
wants to outside come on not having it
so you just mean you boy mm-hmm you
gonna jock hey okay so I know I'm Way
behind on this and I you're not gonna
see like me flooding my vlogs with this
or even you brain may not even see it I
just got this for me because everybody
on the Internet
makes it look so fun and so cool so here
it is and I'm super nervous to even try
it
I got a drone dude I got a drone and you
guys already know I'm terrible with
drone like I'm terrible so this thing's
probably last like 30 seconds uh I want
to try it so bad I'm nervous like I'm
never nervous it's like if I break it I
break it but something about this look
it's just too pretty if I get anywhere
near this guy it's over Zuse maybe I can
dangle a tennis ball from the drone and
you have to get it you guys don't only
be creative with it I'm not just gonna
do scenery drone shots I know that's
that's big in the YouTube world and it's
amazing I love them shots but it's not
really my style of vlogs maybe here's
the deal I have no time for that right
now
at all like I can't do it right now and
even if I could I'm a little nervous of
all hesitance to tell me what can I do
that's fun with the drum cuz I know
everybody does beautiful imaging and
they're fascinating I think they're
really cool and I want to get good with
it but what can I do with the drum you
know I'm gonna do something dumb like
Daniel a steak from a string Zeus
chasing then it gets destroyed and I
don't done Duncan Duncan Duncan this
little guy is doing awesome man like a
killer he went to the door already for
the first time and waited to go out to
use the bathroom which is huge because
the first day it was like pee poo pee
poo pee poop all in the house I love you
but I gotta go three two one
John zero
you wanna you wanna explain what's going
on right now all the date night I got my
girl we're going dating today
uh no kids tonight no kids we're gonna
celebrate I'm honey just because I'm
vlogging doesn't mean there's a lot
everybody know it's cool so tonight we
have no kids my brother is taking his
kids to my mom and dad so it's gonna be
a kid list night we're gonna go hang out
we're going to see up if is that the
main fifth the magic emoji he's a
comedian magician which is two of my
favorite things comedy and magic I love
it my chicken my chicken my chicken Lou
anybody home
how's the pool crazy dudes whoo cuckoo
cuckoo I tried to get came to come but
mm-hmm
we wanted it account yeah we gotta go we
gotta go have fun at the pool house the
pool like mama it's nice it's finally
summer in Ohio we got sunshine but I
just screwed up and forgot my wallet so
we gotta go all the way back home we're
already late
good job you had one job I have been
spoiled it was usually thrown in here in
your purse in your purse I even changed
my I need to play here
so yeah run home to get my wallet and
then we're gonna be late good it's our
style it's what we do it's how we are ah
guess who's back I left my wallet oh
great such a painting the worst thing is
I don't know well it is have you seen it
hmm where's my wallet
where's my wallet you don't know how I
got it I got the wallet I forgot my
wallet have a hug come on you're the
best you know okay all right we're back
on the move we were headed to a little
comedy club called the funny bone this
is I don't know yeah we we've been here
in the vlogs before just kind of a hard
spot to film it's uh you know it's
stand-up comedy things like that
typically you don't um you know you
don't put their work on line yet gives
up their their hard work so we don't do
that but we'll be goofing off with
everybody tonight in between and they
well there's just gonna be a really bad
logs
maybe Tam has her baby tonight oh my
gosh that'd be so bad yeah I am so dumb
I'm not when I ran in to get my wallet I
took my shoes off I didn't put them back
on
I'm dead serious
I'm just kidding man
for all my daters out there the married
couples the what do you guys what are
you doing date night like for us it's a
little more rare than a lot of people
because we got kids and family in the
business but when we do go out you guys
do we love I love comedy comedy shows
yeah
you gotta let us in so just sitting here
waiting for the show to start hanging
out friends family girlfriend know what
they gonna tell about your contest what
I do oh you want to do it I was joking
yep you tell them tell them all right
they've been an impressive looking at
terrible pictures online they want to
hold a contest who can freeze-frame the
worst screenshot of them to like imagine
the like the worst picture ever of Roman
or Britney
they want you to freeze frame it and
send it back yes so a lot of you guys
post pictures online of like the worst
freeze frame of us like I'll move like
and you guys will freeze it oh my god
this is a good example of one of Britney
I think that's a good photo so we want
to put you to the challenge the worst
freeze frame might be the best bug
I
I think it should be the bet nah where's
Frodo the worst freeze friends tails
them a lot of bugs too so you can join
in on the foul
yeah that would more /soe have honest
man make it fun post your pictures or
tag us or whatever you look for the
worst freeze photo of
I'm sorry it's flashing red I just took
off at her phone interface the picture
of us at the show and was like that's
the date the date night look that's
we're wearing heels when you know when I
wear he'll not nothing it huh we're just
headed home guys that's it we uh you
know we had a good time it's just stuff
I couldn't film she did feel a little
bit of me on the free show I would press
I did
oh that's real dancing girl I didn't
know nobody nobody knew
oh my gosh you're a mess I'm gonna make
up somebody you gonna throw us
go hurry up hurry quick - like a rabbit
go I won't leave you pinky promise
Oh oh my god you see kids this is why we
don't have a hole honey you open your
door let's go
that thought I lost you there for a
minute mom is so nice out tonight man
beautiful stars are out come on goofball
now I'll get your shoes you get your
butt oh well we did it in the vlog last
night so here we are ending it I feel I
have a drink or two yeah oh um guys we
didn't in the blog last night so we're
saying goodbye right now good morning
good night whatever it is for you we
love you
thanks for the support the love we will
be five if you're watching this vlog as
soon as it goes up we're going live at
five o'clock Eastern on live dot me it's
gonna be a lot of fun maybe I don't know
what we're doing yet we are giving away
a brand new GoPro silver which is my
favorite GoPro in the world so we are
doing that if you miss it I think you
can rewatch it if not we're gonna try to
do more that's my little man booze you
what do you got a popsicle in there man
you live in the dream boy you live in
the dream just give me your ball come
here
good boy
thank you guys for everything we will
see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
small more gain I spy with my little eye
a little puppy
