hey guys good morning it is very early
check this out we never see this this
giant starfish check him out dude oh my
god I don't know where he's going right
now but I'm glad
look you guys are feeling great morning
evening night whatever time it is I hope
you're feeling great I hope you're
pushing through any problems you might
be having I am headed to Los Angeles for
a very quick trip fun stuff Columbus
Airport here we are
yo it's about you real because I'm on a
plane I even get served a meal my name
is Roman I'm on a jet to LA everybody
knows that it's sunny today it's like a
beautiful little palace of fun I'm even
gonna hang out in the Sun I want a fine
body cuz I'm away from my kids Oh
just like that we have warped about five
hours hope you guys are having an
awesome day the weather's beautiful we
made it to Los Angeles look at this
place and every day why
- listen oh hi oh good
how you doing really good thanks for
picking me up you have a hard time
believing that it's this nice every day
somewhere on earth it's so nice here
every day I guess when you live in a
place like Ohio we just really
appreciate this weather oh yeah I can't
stop I can't get enough of it so I
actually got to Los Angeles a day early
I don't have to technically be here till
tomorrow for project I'm working on so
I'm gonna hook up with some friends
today and try to pull off something fun
for you guys um Nutella what's gonna
happen but it's gonna be fun either way
yeah
Oh beautiful
did you miss me so something must we'll
just make that room downstairs mine oh
when we got announced this tour dates
dude oh yeah
Hey course canceled but you really liked
it you're a hater do not even have them
yet what you just oh no don't even act
like you offered it to me I I brought
two yeah love me for disguise out in
public what a hater you even where do
you actually like it ah yes I do I have
fun go on well these are just samples
you guys know these are the samples boy
look oh that does look good on you
though hey it does look good tear that
tag off that looks bad yo I gotta go
fill my stomach shirt really bad
I gotta go film well this is better
Zelda Zelda my Zelda fans I'm with you I
feel it and Mickey Mouse would you
wearing a Mickey Mouse shirt
I gotta go film I'm gonna go film do you
want to go now you're probably busy
you forgot pieces dude ah well they like
my ear but where you going my ear buds
Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood look at
all the stars
what's up what's up
ah to be good it'll be good
I go where daddy goes him a beer but you
got some baby bottle perfect and then of
course the e-cigs
yeah we'll get some beer in the baby
bottle alright so got my man burn with
me what's up dude
so excited to do something so
technically I didn't have any time in
that way I had a little free time so I
think this was this your idea back in
the day like yes somebody came up with
me and Greg and Ray basically Verne's
gonna play my baby and he's gonna be
smoking he's gonna be you know whatever
you name it he's gonna be a bad baby
stepping on your beer
sippin on gin and juice hopefully people
react because out in Hollywood they seen
it all like everybody's seen everything
I hear so it's hard to shock people in
Ohio this would be crazy people would
flip out people would call the cops
Judah's let this baby smoke out in LA I
guarantee there's a baby smoking on the
street
what's up Ali Ali Ali how's it going
so dude anytime you ask me to come help
out I get really everybody so scared
yeah it was my night it's hard to get
people to help me I've ruined my
relationship buddy
are you gonna quit crying you're gonna
quit crying all right one more hit one
more that's it
so
what's up man oh you got one - your
mother - my baby loves it my baby loves
that man hey bro you that your baby
smell good just a little like it keeps
him from drunk no keeps him from crime
hey chill out bro ready it's a day
that's a Becca week what do you think it
is
Martha's we bro Oh yours as we know he
only gets tobacco okay this year yeah
bro tobacco is bad
yeah it helps him see he doesn't cry
maybe it is weak because he sleeps all
day and he cries a little is this a real
baby under here girl yes oh yo hey
thanks for being thanks for being a good
guy you know everybody's walked by here
hasn't cared at all bro hey man I'm
trying to teach my baby how to use it
but do you want it or not he doesn't
know how I don't know how babe my baby
can't really figure it out it's like not
not going in writer
you shouldn't smoke that's enough I'm
not giving them a cigarette it's just
light tobacco like a little but it helps
them sleep but it keeps him quiet
laughter I'll have to hear him between
his mom yappin and him I just can't take
it I got to give him something
supplements it's bad right yeah it's bad
dude listen well for a three-year-old
too much hay smokes too much for three
oh all right how do you guys think it's
going I think it's going okay we're
getting a lot of people that are just
like it's like the old-fashioned uh
pee prank enough I get it's a lot of
just look reactions it's not a lot of
little it's shocking today we've only
had a couple people like stop and like
say that what I'm doing is wrong
everybody else is just laughing it's a
bunny it's Hollywood all right so we're
gonna pack it on the head to the next
location how you feeling man that was
fun babe in our way I don't smoke miss
cherry flavors wait does it doesn't have
anything in it that's just smoke right
thanks yeah I think it's got nicotine
really I think that's why they do yeah
you always thought they made it without
though like thanks oh you been even
about definitely has we looking to juice
I know nothing about it's got it's got a
power
see your trunk you know what we did get
some fun reaction like fun
it wasn't crazy it wasn't epic it was
just fun I think you did a good job as
to smoking baby you have to date you all
right guys it has been a super fun day
already so I'm gonna go ahead and in the
vlog I know it sucks right now to do
this alone you'll end it right now
no I'm kidding I'm kidding we're not
stopping today we are going to shoot two
more videos - yeah we I'm gonna be
honest with you so the video that we
just shot with burn we were hoping for a
main Channel video but halfway through I
was like this is never going to make a
main Channel video this is a fun vlog
video because it's just fun like people
aren't going crazy it's just a good gag
pretty much so it became a vlog video
for you guys now we're gonna go to
Alex's shoot some more videos and what
you can keep rolling I don't know what
to say we're just hustling today all day
not stopping we're not stopping until
this chat when we're stopped we're gonna
stop for a second yeah so much traffic
yeah come here boy
hey dude oh my gosh I think you weigh
more than Kane you weigh more than my
boy you're huge the place is so
different it looks so good in here man
yeah we changed here wow I've got to see
okay for those of you that don't know
most of you do usually when I come to LA
I stay with Alex Alex would let me sleep
in his kitchen I'm not kidding this is
his kitchen but inside this closet was
my bedroom and you've changed it and
you've changed it now it's a nice little
office probably the coolest office I've
ever seen Sean show how cool this is so
this one's here alright
everything that stays on this desk
doesn't have to be taken out you can
keep it there
Plus oh my god I have to get it the only
thing we got to change watch out hard at
the Harvey squisher do ya
the only got changes this yellow I don't
like the ya know but this is cool
yellows been
good look you just like touch those the
wood thing here and you have different
lighting ridiculous
that means genius ah I mean think about
how much bigger your room is you've so
much more room for activities that's
what is it I need more space for my
activities think about it if your bed
went up to your wall how big would your
room be every that's awesome but you'd
have to clean your room almost every
time you wanna pull your bed down we
should know you have anything over here
- the place looks incredible man like
this is so nice everything this is
ridiculous Alex it's so nice oh my gosh
it looks so much better than it used to
and it used to look nice yeah burn is
watching Noah learn how to juggle how
cool is that this is awesome dude hello
hello I can't see you what's up buddy
and there's Alex hello and Greg do you
remember Greg and and it's burn lost a
tooth - teeth teeth yeah he blew him out
good hi guys oh he's showing you his
teeth check it up awesome man play happy
this is gonna be a song it's gonna be
his Halloween uniform hockey player in
light of Vern playing a baby today we
are gonna shoot a baby food challenge
for his channel which you have no idea
what's in this I don't need it
it's organic though oh so that means it
tastes terrible oh yeah no processed
sugars in it oh boy that's your look
just oh dude that's crazy
um no idea
wait are they all different are we
tasting the same ones at all ah we're
just gonna pull a number then we get a
bulb unipolar okay gotcha
I should be interesting last time I did
this challenge I threw up badly because
well no I got tricked
we were blindfolded we can't see the
cans and then people were giving a
spoonfuls baby food well the last one
Britney did that cat wet cat food I
threw up dude for like a week I taste
the cat food huh
Vern that was friggin disgusting dude
yeah I agree
look at you're already eating chips
after that I am the biggest but you guys
know I am with food like anything with a
weird texture I guess it I do and that
was the closest I've ever disgusting
disgusting
I'm sorry I came up with that I would be
fine but we were like so we finished our
video early because we're like it's just
not it's not working as good as we
thought so we were like well let's use
the time we have for ends like let's do
baby food which in light of being a baby
on board so here we are disgusting man
who makes some of these things some of
these things shut me for babies just
like smoking exactly don't they don't
kids not vape it's not good for you it's
right it's not your girl passionnel
you're at Ave King I started when I was
kid I will get me when will they be able
to see this video on your channel great
uh hit me with it
well what are you gonna put in your band
tomorrow dude I'm fast
uh I guess why we really do stuff on
Monday but we put something edit all
night have it up tomorrow
okay hold it oh done no champion take
some flavor
yeah I do I'll take a chip I got a
driver yeah good thanks man
it's been such a fun day see you rock
okay
goes for the kisses huh
you know mister you know what it kisses
it's easier to kiss run at your level
huh alright guys so for the next video
Alex and I are gonna try to land on
things like this I thought I thought
that is so scary
ah ah I see you're logging this because
the camera is so close to my wicked
terrible teeth here we go things like
apples are you gonna eat an apple did
hey I can eat an apple
there's no you can delete it oh I can
say Alex like this case a Rajan did I'm
gonna drill an earlier I know didn't I'm
not you're gonna have you can't get oh
my god
I know I just walked past this but that
was the worst Hey look at my pants right
oh my god I'm gonna throw up so hard I
am up seriously I am soaked and I feel
happen everywhere oh I look good yeah
this is oh my god you imagined it I
gotta go I got put your pants on
put your pants on change dude see you
next time thanks for everything that's
fun today was so much fun at that video
done yeah well I'll do it tonight huh
that's how you know you're in LA right
there
alright guys I have worked back to
pussies place what up dude
how you doing good what's up what are
you eating huh
you sneaking snow is i showing you this
it gets me mr. Shawn hey I didn't know
you got your concealed carry to carry
them around yo I don't know from her cuz
I don't know if you're a fan or not but
Drake dropped an album tonight oh I'm
just paying you for that plug first I
knew that I'm all the biggest rip fans
you'll ever know what's an album fall
use I came up with the name alright guys
we were gonna call it a day I have got
to edit and then I am a starring in a
movie tomorrow not Stein I'm barely even
in it I don't even know if I'll make the
cut you in it yeah is there OC in it I'm
busy doing a photo shoot for mine okay
all right it's gonna be really fun of
all I'm pretty sure every social star
that you know and love is going to be
there it's crazy it's like playlist live
again it's a huge amount so well we'll
see everybody with Lucy there are you
gonna vlog it yes I'm going to show the
entire film do you're actually going to
watch the movie tomorrow my blog you
have a big part a little part
little big part it's bigger than mine
now when's I'm talking about right now
we love you guys thanks for everything
syncs your fall on thanks for the
support we love you uh we all love you
actually actually I got a question for
you today should fousey start blogging
Oh
see you tomorrow your beautiful smile
