hey guys welcome to the vlog I am uh I
don't know how to say this first of all
I hope you're having an awesome day if
it hasn't been perfect let's try to
start fresh right now with this vlog I'm
serious let's try to give each other
something to smile about let's try to
lift each other up
let's use our comments section to lift
each other up man we're all struggling
with a million different things we all
have problems but I promise you it can
always be worse let's use each other to
lift each other up man we're all one
team we're all in this together we're
all here together let's do it let's
listen I cannot stress it enough I don't
know why I'm starting the vlog this way
I just I want you guys to feel great
when you watch these vlogs I want you to
leave feeling better I want you to leave
happy I want you to leave maybe wanting
to do something more I want you to be
ready for your day when you've watch
this I want you to go to bed happy I
want that's really what I want let's get
to the vlog over the last couple days
Britney has been dying to get a pup I
can't even explain to you guys off
camera all she talks about is this puppy
all she talks about is this puppy
literally she's obsessed with this puppy
and I've seen your comments I've seen
your team Britney everything you're all
against me so here's what I'm gonna do
here's what I'm gonna do come on
hey little dirtbike dude what's ha ha ha
Zeus come here come here let's tell him
Zeus and I've been talking and we've
been we've been thinking why don't we go
in please I go play why don't we go and
get that puppy what do you mean tease
him you're right I kidding that stop
you won't stop talking about this dog
your whole I have never seen this girl
one that's all I did last night wasn't
look him up on him no it's all you've
done I was literally off-camera guys
she's only been about this dog gets it
Kane be honest with me
would you want a puppy you'd take care
of him
mommy I will I swear can we go get him
no that's getting you questions I'm just
saying like we have so many said the son
of why we have so much you so many
responsibilities workout video right
after we go to the pet store really I
practically had to drag you out last
time I had practically had to leave you
in the past or because you wouldn't put
the puppy down put the puppy down if
Kane gives me five we'll go oh yeah $5
I'm trying to be sick like I joke around
a lot in the vlogs I'm very sarcastic
I'm very uh sometimes it's hard for you
guys to even read my sarcasm I'm very
sarcastic guy but I'm trying to be
actually very serious on this log right
now you really want a puppy like you I
do I really do I think you want a puppy
for like an hour
no I've thought about it over the next
over the last two days like could I take
care of a puppy it reminds me of like
you know like when kids want some
audience ear this is a real life thing
this is a this is a I know a living
creature we already have a monkey a dog
it's curious Kane I don't know what to
say do you really not want a dog that
you know what here's the thing it's not
that I don't want a dog at all like I
like dogs I I want the dog to not can we
handle it yes I can you probably okay
and answer this question what is the
plan when we leave drywall's here
already watching Zeus there's always
somebody here that's right teller Zeus
you tell her you can't say
here4s barks watch this who's here huh
Oh Jim get them guys huh huh Oh check go
check it out that's it good boy Zeus
false alarm
 come on false alarm let me really
go wee McKinley y'all never said we were
going you're gonna be the meanest thing
you've ever knew I'm just trying to get
a feel for how serious you are there's a
big difference between wanting a dog and
having a dog oh yeah team Britney all up
in this place I got nobody even you guys
were all team Britney on this I saw you
had like 300,000 thumbs up for that
puppy you know why because you guys
going to take care of the puppy haha
it's gonna be me late at night editing
the vlogs with a puppy chewing on my
foot mom you searched the property come
on that's a good dog that dog you're
gonna have a hard time competing with
this dog as a dog like this is the dog
he protects the home he's the man
well cuz you want to bring another puppy
in this out discipline let's go to the
pet store
really let's go gimme oh man I just
basically poked a hornet's nest right
there where's what you need money do you
think the safest thing to do is not take
money no where's my wallet
what do I want your money you think you
have enough to buy him Kane do you want
it you have five dollars right now I
feel like I'm in that like time where I
wake up and I'm like yo I just had this
dream where we the best what's happening
Oh
I'm either a there's two things right
now it's happening I'm either very weak
or I just really want some happy
or maybe there's a little bow it's about
the pound over there quick question what
are you gonna do if we get during the
puppy's gone are you gonna cry are you
gonna be miserable for the whole night
you're gonna wreck that it's my fault
that we didn't get the puppy no I'm
gonna get online no prophecy the puppy
the cutest puppy hall here we go guys
the moment when Roman outwards life
changed forever no he's gone no which
one that's shoot she she thinks she
wants this dog this is the one you have
oh you didn't have this energy when you
can't let the hair oh my god you two it
gets really it tell me I came to see
straight right now
this is the one for sure this is the one
you help let me see yes I see
oh boy remember when she held him in the
last video is so calm and relaxed now
literally any
dude I I just can't see this dog in our
house look is he yep a typical huh
Brittany switching sides now she's
looking at a pretty husky look at this
thing do you think that Brittany should
get a dog yeah yeah what you're supposed
to be on my side I am but people just
look at it inside oh this is your sister
hey I'm gonna be on your side
okay he's coming from India
are they support like I'm confused like
one eyes blue when eyes what do you call
a dog like this are you sure you don't
want a hamster dude look at that you
kidding me who you can't mommy just get
something like that
picking out toys where he's going he
just went and got his bath and his nails
son sounds like you wait so we came I
feel a little ripped off because I
finally came in here so she could get
her puppy I was all in and then you
didn't get that puppy did it so is there
a b2 yappy and I was like okay well this
is also you listen to me about that but
you know us too well it's okay so the
one I wanted was half husky because what
I really wanted was a husky and they had
him and I really liked that
so is there a chance if you waited a day
and you came back that maybe you
wouldn't want this one either I can't
pick him out a toy all right you want to
get on a row a cow you better get one of
everything for Zeus because he's gonna
feel really betrayed tonight
not by me Zeus come here let me picture
shorts come on
daddy's now - daddy things this is dad
life right here man middle the storm
fixing pants I can't believe my eyes
he is out
welcome to the Atwoods
now all we got to do is introduce on the
Zeus gonna hate me even more hi zeus
zeus was mommy yeah what is that what do
you think zeus we think but sniffing
transition around here guys we have a
husky there's a husky in my house
there's a husky in my house I know this
is acting I thought it would be
different
he's really like ignoring him completely
Brett Kane what do we name in this thing
you like Flash Cain really likes flash
yeah his harness on backwards I like
blue I like flash blue because he has
one eye if he had twice would you call
him blues hey I think me and you feel
the same way right now bro oh here's
today's question guys we need a name for
this puppy before I go any further in
this vlog I want to let you know that
Saturday I will be doing a lives my
first life I've never done live I
know Britney's done a little bit of it
and I've jumped in on hers everybody's
live-streaming so I'm gonna give it my
first ever attempt this Saturday I live
got me super cool app I'm excited to try
I will be honest I don't know exactly
what time but I will tweet out or
snapchat tell you guys when I'm gonna be
on and I will be giving this away live
brand-new unopened gopro hero4 silver my
absolute favorite one so come check me
out saturday it would be fun it's gonna
be a live vlog basically plus a giveaway
you gonna go live with me kick the poppy
calm the puppy can a lot if you guys
don't already have live got me I will
put the link in the description download
it subscribe to me and
have some fun it's going to be a new
thing I want to try to put together like
a live show like a live fun show plus a
giveaway in the family and the new dog
and cane my manager John make it up dude
come on man any more so I hope to see
you guys on live dummy Saturday we're
gonna have a blast I'm nervous like live
is different than vlogging vlogging I
didn't cut my mistakes like hey guys hey
lives like brawl I can't cut some be
great you know what I didn't forget what
this was gonna be like I tried to
pre-warned oh he is cute though
gotta give you that oh my gosh it's a
whole new world here I think we're
having some success I'm loving the
double eyes Lisa all right guys we
really need a name for this dog
Kane just has been calling him flash you
like flash we need to call Noah and have
him weigh in on this his eyes and he
looks like he's almost any read oh no
he's so tired Zeus you're being very
very patient it juices foot is almost
longer than that whole dog
alright guys we're gonna have to in this
vlog you like the puppy you sleepy
are you happy mommy yeah I needed a
puppy guys we love you thanks for
hanging out today umm what a day man I
don't know how I feel I hope some of you
guys are actually on my side today at
least for today
he's a cool dog I'm not gonna lie it's a
cool dog I probably grow on me really
quick
Britany o party right in the end two
things please comment today what do you
think this dog should be called he's got
one blue eye if that helps he's white
and black he's a husky it's really cool
with him ii don't forget link in the
description for live dot me i'm really
excited to do like a big live stream so
please check me out on there and
subscribe to me and that's it we love
you thanks for all the support better
give me a thumbs up today for all this
see the mom beautiful one-of-a-kind
smile oh dear she is gonna be on baby
maybe she's gonna last you probably she
works for us so she's used to all these
shenanigans
