here we go what's up baby girl hey guys
welcome to the vlog hope you're having a
wonderful day we are hanging out at here
at the house about the pack up and well
came set your ball pit huh
it always is driver thing just like
something I would try to do anyways we
are gonna start today's vlog by heading
to the lake we have a local lake called
bucket lake here and it's supposedly
it's completely frozen over so we're
gonna attempt to take a bunch of
vehicles out there and have some fun
today you sure you don't to go I mean I
mean good night no wanna do you know oh
my gosh you ever let him in that bed
you'd never get him out of it I build
build a building nest out the woods
give me huggy give me kiss we're going
on the ice maybe careful oh that's a
good idea actually I kind of like these
these are like I feel like a big like a
fly put those on you look like a big fly
and in mine are like these obviously are
I love these too so these probably
better it was paper no doesn't matter
dude if you could what you would look so
cool and those yeah he doesn't want it
he doesn't want this to happen
well she's smoking it out
so we got the sled we got the LTZ and we
got the x3 which we still haven't named
yet but we're gonna go play oh good call
on a drone you think it's gonna fly
think it's too cold bro actually the air
is more stable with colder dry
temperature are you serious right now
yeah let's get it up humid air is a lot
more unstable huh
well whilst we shall see oh you get on
that stream riding thank you do the
ponds okay so here is the lake it is you
know it's a great big giant area and
country actually just saw I'll let him
tell us - hey what did you just see come
through their way to you a truck just
came through like a full-size pickup
sized pickup just flying - at least
doing like a hundred miles right over
the ice ice which how do you slow down
like that oh so we're gonna we're
basically going to we're just gonna hook
up some sleds some snowboards and just
hit it we're just gonna go out on the
lake today look at that it's a big area
a lot bigger than my pond so we should
have like free range it's freedom baby
freedom he's gone he is gone it looks so
fun we gotta go the shortcut to Florida
me think why he's getting over there
whether me seems you know get him close
I don't know if I got his - you ready
boy oh this is gonna be a tube ride
you're never
hello ever explain this but out in the
really cold weather the batteries for
the vlog cameras they only last you know
very very sure the corner is the
lithium-ion Cisco dead so fast all right
this is my own
so we're gonna get as much as we can
this one's already flashing red we're
gonna get as much as we can before this
thing dies but for some reason they just
die so fast in the cold look at Brian
dude look at him he's blazing across the
pond there's somebody else out there is
he gonna stop Brittany also got me she
loves me she's always doing amazing
things she's got me these giant mittens
they're almost like boxing gloves are
super warm but very hard to love because
I can't push any buttons it's crazy I'm
gonna wring this guy up you ready see
dog sledding
take it nice and easy out there
I was gonna clothesline you dude you
swung right at him I was like and I just
jumped and all I see the Rope is covered
right underneath I got on the drop I was
crying laughs I didn't know if I should
bear to keep on I didn't know how good
he was a jumping jack I don't even think
you were swinging by so fast it was
coming he was coming by so quick we were
that close to you and then I looked in
the mirror I'm like I seen you like just
jumping like dude I think throw so much
snow the tracks just throw snow so you
got more snow on you driving yeah and I
do riding it's crazy dude look at that
guy in that truck joke that's gotta be
so fun and a force I imagine being in a
foot look you just
Daigo ball on the truck
plows through all these docks
yeah this guy I don't know how much did
you capture talking like hit the dog you
guys were done right so I was like all
right all right I'll cut it because it's
like a 10 minute clip already and then I
see him take off and I'm like oh crap
I'm gonna follow him and I realized
after I saw him it I was like oh my god
I'm not recording there was two by fours
and four by fours through the windshield
dude Pro what I saw from my panel the
trucks gone this guy cut it but he
stayed going the same direction and I'm
like there's an O and he just destroyed
it where did he go there's no job right
out of the bank where he hit that home
my son his stories when I said I arrived
here in that truck came flying out door
like a hundred miles per hour all I see
was a four-wheeler oh my god he's seeing
things that poor guy just ate he's
really lucky whoever's driving that
super super super lucky that could go I
mean there's damaged property but that's
like that's like the least of what bad
could happen like it's really dangerous
be going that fast he's gone okay
so that uh that didn't last actually
very long at all so not only did the guy
which Brian said he rolled up to him you
can actually see it on the drone he went
up to him in his snowmobile and appeared
like everybody was okay which is amazing
and then we had an officer which one of
the nicest officers we've ever
encountered just came up said the lake
hasn't even been cleared yet to drive
home which I honestly had no idea that
was even a thing back would I remember
back when I was young you just pulled up
and it was an interest on risk
atmosphere and that's what I thought it
was so apparently the lake has to be
cleared to actually ride on and I did
not know that so we had to go as
everyone everyone was okay though dang
like the whole when I say the whole side
was crushed I should have sent you as my
vlog camera since you went out there I
had to buy for sticking through the
windshield look at the look at the the
tire marks coming straight in sideways
boom oh there's Brian Brian
he picks it back you fix this whole
truck for me I was
you want me to fix it dude eat it that's
the air bag the air bag of the truck is
hanging out of the bowl the whole side
of the truck is moved over like like
kinda done detective work in here we're
the detectives
done tonight on bad detectives okay we
wanted to but we had a pretty
interesting trip little girl yeah oh
gosh oh she's happy or sad you earned
them beads girl hey boy mr. Lego man you
taking you to your hole boys a big set
big set you want to help me you want me
to help you all right I'm gonna come dig
in with you SuperDuper so yeah we're
back home not sure exactly what we're
getting into and Joaquin both some Legos
and we're gonna grab a nap and then and
then what you tell me anything you want
movie okay guys this next part of the
blog is something I wanted to start
January 1st and I didn't but it's okay I
think it's any day is great to start
this and we used to do this all the time
and I feel like we all had a very good
time doing it including you guys so so
what we used to do is we basically
started with a number of push ups I
think we originally started with like
either 5 or 10 let's just say we did 10
push ups and then basically every vlog
we've logged every day so we would add
one push up just one push up a day and I
would ask you guys to do them with us so
right now if you would like to join us I
think this time around why don't we just
do why don't you and us start with
whatever number you're comfortable with
not a big number start very small if you
can do one push up do a push up with us
right now as a family all right you're
with your family everybody do a push up
now I'm gonna start with the number 10
all right thank you you gonna do 10 I
think you can get a real okay so if you
can do 10 let's start at 10 and tomorrow
we have to do 11 and the next day we
have to do 12 and the number grows
really quickly so if you want to start
small with one two three four five star
small work your way up each day we're
gonna get stronger together all right so
let's do this together
you ready
you got yes you got to do it yob up
Nitro Kent
alright just ten now ah just ten or
whatever you were comfortable with
that's gonna be your starting number
okay do you guys do with me if you're on
the toilet right now it's gonna be
awkward so just do them later you
photobombed up you thought about
everybody we're gonna cut together okay
lunch arms with you shorter put your
butt flat ready ready here we go that's
for real
okay you're at two ready one two three
four five six seven eight you get
through eleven tomorrow and I gotta do
11 and you got to add one too so do this
with this guy's it's gonna be a fun
little motivational tool each day plus
it get you going like if you get tired
if you're ever like I'm so tired get
down into a few push-ups and get your
body moving oh yeah okay really okay
yeah that's good you do a lot more like
that okay so there you have it it's a
little fun thing we do in each day we're
gonna try to do it and if you don't like
the part just skip past it and if you do
like the part get down on that floor and
do it with us it's gonna be just some
motivation for everybody we all needed
nice yep that's a tough one it's a tough
one I was thinking out in dama dama
now Ben Ben alright you learning read
this and fast then wet hey Ben loves the
wet hand Ben loves the way guys that is
that's gonna video today I hope you
enjoyed hanging out with us for just a
bit of time today and Ben loves his wet
hands yes there's any fins there's any
Ben's out there it's good that we know
that you love the wet hands all right
we're gonna end this day thank you so
much keeping the streak going guys hope
you're having a great day a very safe
wonderful day we will see you tomorrow
you are beautiful you are one of a kind
smile
Oh
you
