guys welcome back to Ohio hope you're
having an awesome Danny I need you to
hear me out for one minute man I need
you to listen to me just for one minute
I'm getting more and more stories from
you guys and I know that maybe you
watching can relate to this and that
you're maybe you're struggling with
something in your life that seems like
it's the end of the world it seems like
it is the the lowest point of your life
and you're at your bottom you know
that's what I'm getting from a lot of
people as out you know I've hit rock
bottom what can I do how I get through
this let me tell you something I'm
hitting your ultimate lower what you
think right now in your life is so bad
what you think is the worst it's the
biggest curse of your life you can't
take it no more will turn into your
biggest blessing if you push through it
I promise you it will turn into your
biggest blessing man it is creating a
stronger version of your future self
right now every problem we face every
problem we go through is just building a
bigger better version of you for the
future man like you have to go through
these things so hard for me to explain
it in such a short amount of time but
I'm telling you the only place to go
from the bottom is up it's up guys I
know some of you are like oh my god I'm
about to turn this off I'm gonna
fast-forward this and that's fine but
for those of you that need the lift just
know that if you think you're at your
bottom right now and you can only go up
from here it's only gonna get better
push through it I promise you let's get
this flow going guys ah I want more than
anything in my entire career to help you
even if it's one person
feel more accomplished than any success
I've gotten any money I've gotten I've
got my family and I've got you guys
sweat Huck I know times seem tough man
we all I say this all the time
we all are struggling man don't pick on
him don't pick on her she's got problems
that are way worse than the problems
you're adding to it let people be man
people are awesome we're all struggling
we're all in this together we should all
be a team we should all be fighting
together hey Mimi hey boy come on Zeus
come on buddy yeah yeah Diego let's just
go come on
they got all nice out all of a sudden
huh get your ball get it come here come
here I can't reach it soos give me your
ball I can't reach it
give me your ball come on well uh okay
how are you oh I love you I'm gonna
tackle you how's your ear it's this one
right he don't even care doesn't you
don't even care though fluid what does
that mean pull a fluid had an ear
infection and body hasn't gotten rid of
it yeah so he needs some medicine and
that's also the reason he hasn't been
hearing us lately
everything's what uh-huh I can't hear
you but it is such a weird ugly nice day
we gonna go get you medicine no baby we
don't go get you some medicine no baby
didn't hurt then hurt and hurt it's
spooky out you want poo that's what you
said for dinner you said I don't want
anything I want boo when you guys start
carrying me huh when you get bigger you
get hearing me around we're supposed to
be looking at Matt we're supposed to be
getting your medicine not play stuff so
we came here to get Cain's prescription
of course he wants to look at toys why
why do you put toys in a grocery store
like that's a genius marking strategy
look at all this in a grocery store this
on science a magic wand
I'm gonna fix your teeth ready was it
all right sorry
everything in this aisle what do you
want
let me see let me see your wacky glasses
boy let me see this is what you really
want
well now we have lost mommy she must be
playing Hunger seek don't drip boy yes
oh one more booboo to add to the
collection out of all things he picks
out glasses that you drink out of
ambulance I am looking for your new
toothbrush head for your toothbrush oh
the family stuff the family live we got
the family live man Ohio's so pretty
tonight
wait that's it working is it working
yeah it's rainin is been off and on like
storm all day electric outlet rekon
electric out what are you doing I'm
gonna light this thing on fire what you
want me to do Oh old I got a new one new
shoe rat some days at our house were
blowing up things and some days Britney
is redoing a shoe rack
this thing has nails falling out of the
back it was a good shoe rack though it
was they held up a long time the things
you find when you move stuff look at
that pile what's that get the half of it
snow fake snow from the snow prank it's
everywhere though else
good job little monster I'll be happy
just to see shoes on a rack this will
last about three days ah you clean him
alright
doing pretty good job little man
mommy take it there you have it guys the
very much needed and exciting shoe rack
I think we'd have to blow something up
soon keep these guys entertained hey
this is real life
that's what this is real life people
child-labor up in here sure acts real
life big one he's a big frog
what's up toad Hey
ribbit he likes you woah alright we had
to walk out to the smile Moore store to
show you something and try to get you to
guess why we have had to do this here we
go one two three what happened it's
being changed the whole thing we ripped
the walls out today look at the concrete
why ok this is a real quiz for you guys
this is for the pros this is for the
experts why is the concrete being torn
out all the way up what is this what is
it all they're gonna move all of this
concrete's being pulled out this is
crazy this is crazy
look yeah this whole wall ok so the wall
used to be here where the steps are now
they're bringing it out to be 18 inches
I think so why why why why why no no way
maybe if you eat your spinach oh she did
it
watch this watch this so this is the
mystery tonight what are we doing why I
can tell you this I am biting every day
to tell you what I can't it's coming
soon I'm Felix Joe you got to get some
stuff on these walls girl
awesome you know when you were out of
town just like right there he would
sleep under your under my desk under my
feet Umbra just had a sneeze attack when
he was at 10:20 sneezes - you guys did
always sneeze twice every time choo choo
that's it ha about it look at the light
okay that makes you sneeze all right
guys we are gonna do something that we
haven't done for a while maybe you can
skip this up a little bit yeah we I'm
gonna shut the screen so I'm looking at
you guys um very very requested all the
time to do QA we haven't not a QA for a
long time so let's do it let's do a Q&A
just asked on Twitter huh are you gonna
make it I don't know you got your chest
if your water your cell phone you're on
full survival kit okay and we got some
good ones right off to that jessyca easy
asks who is your next special guest it's
very appropriate because Monday will be
our next special guest we tell what we
never tell maybe we should tell maybe we
should just give a hint
Oh your teeth what is it here get it
don't touch his teeth this cloud is
gonna be insane he's bringing the most
ridiculous stuff with them it's gonna
make the blocks crazy so make them oh
hey what what super you all kinds of fun
stuff you're gonna love it
hey I'm gonna love it love it look at my
nostril
look at it Colton Noonan Colton Noonan
wants to know would you rather have to
yawn every time someone is telling a
story or laughs every time a song is
talking about something sad Dan gets
jacked up and yawn yawning sighs I hate
yawning but even talking about Yanni can
trigger yawning so maybe as you're
watching you are starting to yawn just
get how many people can we beat yawn I'm
legit getting into one look what do you
like most about each other by the way I
love you both
from oh I'm gonna butcher this name and
yes Hillier I'm sorry I think like be it
beyond I think you're adorable I think
it's your um your the way you've
supported me through everything that's
what I like most about you really no
heart is the funny girl to support you
like before you have anything that's
tough this is a question for Britt
coming in from focusing Bieber are you
ever going to make your own YouTube
channel that's been asked a lot
I mean our life right now I feel like we
just want to focus as much on this as
possible everything we do takes away
from like everything
this is our channel this is everything
we do is what's heart it's hard to
explain to you guys that everything we
do takes away from this everything with
a smile more store um whether it's
traveling anywhere whether it's but
writing for the book everything we do
does pull away from this so if we were
to start another channel it would only
pull away from this now I have to edit
to Lourdes them to good here's a day
mascara okay this is a good one and this
should be addressed from a punk show
element Chicana no yes I do
uh when you guys going skydiving we
tried to just go during playlist in
Orlando um so this is a constant a
constant thing that is happening so
don't you worry skydiving is happening
also I should include that the cop car
is also going very soon these are all
things that I'm working on behind the
scenes so things that should have happen
to want no no it's always about timing
it's always about doing it right dude
does one person have a favorite movie
like do you have one movie that your
favorite movie of all time
I've never seen that I've never seen it
what I've never seen a Little Mermaid I
mean I've seen guys I'm sure we have
things to do I was too busy watching
Aladdin like that was my thing Little
Mermaid that's later I think Little
Mermaid was more for the for the girls
and Aladdin was much the boys now maybe
I don't know come on yeah IRA have a
really good question okay hit me
why don't you snapchat more okay I have
an answer for that every time I think
about using snapchat I'm like I should
vlog it right so it's like why am i
snapping if I should be vlogging because
this is like what I have to do every day
alright good it that's a good answer
what are your weirdest talents my
weirdest talents that you never told it
what you guys own will you build a dirt
track in your yard
yes we will build a dirt track we're
actually working on that for the summer
um something hope the kids can ride yeah
yeah we're just so start small my hoopty
loose maybe maybe get them into deal oh
yeah little loop-de-loop
Dominic Moreno what's your question what
is your favorite part of being a dad and
what's your favorite part of being a mom
oh you know my favorite part is you know
my favorite verse okay Modelling
cuddling that part of just cuddling in
avoidance it's nice and then telling
that like you they love you that's not
that far off from what I was gonna say I
mean I have a lot like obviously we both
have a million reasons but like there's
something about coming home and having
kids attack you with love is like you
can't replace that with anything in the
entire world favorite thing about
in this state that's bipolar my favorite
part is headed to the airport to fly
someone else no I don't know we love it
here the weather is crazy but we have
there from here
let's just all we know it's what we know
but I can't believe right now somewhere
somebody's surfing on a beautiful wave
in front of palm trees but that's
happening right now oh my baby I miss
you
she loves the D did you guys like QA let
us know if you like it we actually get a
lot of requests for it I'm always like I
don't know I feel like a lot of people
are just turned off by I think that it's
fun I enjoyed it she's really excited I
came I know you're having a blast right
you have a good time but how fun is this
sound we can go to bed who's in your bed
who's in your bed huh
who's in your bed Zeus did you get
kicked out don't worry I've I've had a
few of those nights too boy okay mommy
you go get ready for bed while me and
keen okay now now that mommy's gone we
can be serious okay ready serious face
cross eyes
cross-eyed funny-face I think we were
already that we have to look at each
other without smiling ready one two
three okay ready
look here look here and then on one two
three we're gonna look at each other no
smile one baby on three ready 1 2 3
can you see for sure we have to look
here at them no smile you want to hold
it you can hold it your foot you go hold
it up 5 oh that's good you got it yeah
you got the long arm boy the long arm of
the law
boys whoa how about let's do a little
longer oh my gosh mommy's got them all
moans let me get hey can you get a good
job yeah good job picking her nose
all right guys that is gonna wrap it up
for us tonight we're gonna finish our
night I'm gonna edit and start fresh
tomorrow
did he what he's you're blocking his
view no he told me to look up thank you
so much especially if you made it all
the way to this point in this vlog means
the world to us you are one of a kind
you're beautiful don't forget how
important you are are you going we we've
lost your attention that is officially
it we love you
your beautiful smile more we're here
stop at the last poster
sato realize well get ready so walking
up to Harry Potter world this is so cool
