I never seen a real dice well get ready
hey guys welcome to the vlog we are
getting extremely late start I don't
even really not explain it because
eventually done a lot today
I've already been by hosted the concert
here at playlist live now we are headed
to us Universal right not Nizhny which
are universal of this Universal Disney I
don't know this looks fishy but every
social influencer on a bus you can do
anything with us guys run this room buff
everything there's lots of people on
here
but you seem scared
nema where she is you guys ready for the
time of your life okay please go hey
thanks man you get a free drinks the
last thing I need and want is a drink
Bart you want mine yeah here dude thanks
bro
don't say I never gave you anything the
adventure begins baby so this is a very
rare experience that you get to come to
an amusement park this size by yourself
like just what are you doing dude oh
there's actually guys doing a show over
here you wanna go to watch they're
called bright bugs that's cool dude
oh yeah
Cronos you have to spin it I didn't see
it coming oh that looks so fun to play
in yeah so fun to plan oh here comes
another
at school you'll wine through here stop
at the last poster I never seen a real
nice well get ready so walking up to
Harry Potter world this is so cool whoa
it's just so legit now got a snow on top
of all the it looks so cool how cool
must have been designing all of this
seemed like the best thing to be doing
with an upset stomach I don't know whoa
the floor moves that is so weird here we
go guys this is right bumming about Sir
Harry Potter a show some wizardry this
floor is crazy
you're sick whoa the wand shop face this
way please yeah what is your name damn
which is your wand arm left or right
right hey please step up you may know
the difference so excited come on Tim
come on Tim definitely she's gonna Jack
you up the way the whole thing work is
you go in you get a 1 and then the rest
of the Harry Potter world has
interactive things the one does but the
one shows Tim not any of us so she's the
only one with a lawn
rebellion rebellion
no don't do that oh I'll get it
what is on him killing me imprisoned oh
it's not a Tina oh she was probably
pretty hard to tell but last night was
very rough for us and these two
single-handedly saved Brittany and I
like no joke she lost her ID
she can't harass q he came to the rescue
and you guys just rocked it you got to
good fun yeah YouTube channel yeah I'm
piano around the world and around
phenomenal piano player
thanks man yeah it's a ballet yeah okay
fine
Ashley what's up guys Fallon Ashley all
right guys do you want it this is a just
like you guys want to try to sleep here
too no
no that would actually be pretty sweet
it would be so fun for the vlog you
could find Shawn nobody's here
look at this it's amazing this place is
so incredible look whoa
Thomas Bell alright guys warping back
home I am straight losing my voice uh
hopefully tomorrow I have a voice
otherwise gonna be Britney Britney vlog
I am NOT I don't think I'm gonna end the
vlog here I think we're gonna continue
to tomorrow morning we're dead beat we
love you guys thanks for sticking around
I know this vlog is probably very weak
but uh we'll see in like one frame away
one second we're gonna wake up and feel
good promise and here we go we are out
of here playlist orlando you have been
crazy fun yeah how did this revive out
what about this gum sorry I don't know
house empty let's go we gotta go
I barely have a voice we're heading home
see our boys our dog our family
everything I'm very excited you make a
home loan flower I'm gonna miss this
perfect weather man all right guys you
got to bear with my voice for the next
vlog or two
oh boy where do we go here we go let's
just get home let's do the whole warp
thing the music thing should we put
music in this one oh it's getting so
repetitive flying oh yeah sometimes you
ask them like they're gonna answer you
right now no I asked you I asked them
and then I expect you to answer it oh
you're the answering uh
all right here we go music Tom Bam Bam
Bam it's cold
yes
Chicago we're back we just landed in
Chicago last time we landed here was on
the movie tour and this is the spot
where the plane went down to land and we
went back up scared me to death it was
like I'm never flying again type scare
you would have had a panic attack I know
I passed out and you didn't mess with me
50 minute lay over one hour layover and
we charging her phones we let our phones
die of all people our phones are dead
it's like going into a cave with no
flashlights for us we uh what is your
favorite part about playlist
oh you ask just seeing all of our our
social buddies and friends and meeting
all the new people we have never met
before and it was awesome that was
really yes and I remember going to
playlist like three years ago not a
human noumic nobody walk through the
whole place nobody knew me this year it
was intense
it's really intense so keep moving
forward keep moving forward keep pushing
forward that's all I can say
one more fling one more plane one more
plane which we start the music again
guys
we have been sitting for well over an
hour resistance it is only because I am
dying at home that we respect on this
look everybody's leaving just hang out
with you guys
I just hang out with you guys Brittany's
on phone from her
yep
the
why
yeah
this is the worst trail oh and my
battery's dying
let's try to be profitable we get more
time together
and if my phone dies then all the time
we'll be together my home will be
waiting for us and it's got a
get off the street so he's been get
bonus hey yeah let's do a movie with the
kids when we uh I don't know it's
getting late Wow
still here that's almost nighttime
this guy's trying so hard to move this
cart he won't give up he's got it he's
got it is 11 p.m. we've made it to Ohio
and kind of a funny not funny story and
maybe I'm sure you guys can relate to
this especially parents I just got in
the car and my phone finally turned back
on I had to plug it in and died and I
got like 20 emails from the PlayStation
Store that there was purchases being
made 20 bucks a pop 20 bucks a pop so
that means Kane figured out how to buy
stuff on plants for zombies and he's
just sitting there buying buying buying
mine hi
Oh Oh the junebugs have arrived what's
up dudes what's up dudes
they're awesome now but they come by the
thousands ha ha they're definitely not
the brightest bugs
Isis hit me Oh Cain no it looks like you
just want you you're mommy's boy how
many new boo-boos do we have one
sit what okay look at you
oh man is the skateboard riding you or
are you riding the skateboard but yeah
thank you so much your no idea I missed
you so much dude
Oh buck-toothed beaver hey did you
figure out to buy stuff on the
PlayStation oh so we're back home guys
and it feels so good Britney's mom made
a steak and sweet corn which I'm so
having sweet ones coming back in it's
the best time years this is like I
tasted it you gave me a taste he wants
that steak I already gave him a piece so
we're gonna cut this off now I'm gonna
edit tonight no matter what so that we
have a full day of logging in tomorrow
to edit in the morning Kenyatta I forget
their name but somebody at the
meet-and-greet brought Kane this
spider-man bike do you like it yeah
pretty cool right does it shoot so we
love you guys thanks for coming home
with us
and thanks for going to playlist with us
we will seeing them all thanks for
everything you're beautiful you're one
of a kind smile more
