guys welcome to the vlog we are back in
Ohio if you missed yesterday's vlog we
travelled from the Bahamas and now we
are back home good morning back at it
again yeah we are back in the grind is
this what you're wearing today is that
what you're wearing out take you to the
grocery in dinosaur slippers
I think you should that's a real Atwood
boy right there all the shoes you have
in there you want to wear those what so
yes we are back home in Ohio it's
absolutely beautiful outside everybody
is leaving me including Kane and
Brittany first thing today Noah's like I
want to go to the water park so he's
gone with Owen these two are gonna get
some grocery shopping done and she's get
you're gonna have lunch with your mother
yeah so it looks like you guys are stuck
with me for a little bit what's have you
come back
yeah just few hours right a few days a
few weeks I gotta get groceries I gotta
get Tim's birthday present and lunch of
my mom there you go give me five my man
I love you my little lady I'll see you
soon have fun enjoy
party too hard without party I'm just
gonna sleep in you're not relaxed see
you guys later
love you well then it goes Zeus it's
just me and you man well Noah left me
Cain and Britney have left me what will
a dad do with all this time
I gotta be totally honest when I'm by
myself now I have no idea what to do I
have no idea what to do I don't know how
to do it I'm so used to being with my
kids or Brittany or family or friends
that I don't know what to do when I'm by
myself I mean we can throw this ball all
day but that's about it I don't know
what else to do I'm so bored I don't
know what to do by myself
Lima I don't want to change light balls
Oh what can I do I it's so hot out I
don't want to rush out I love you I'll
see you soon sorry okay
all right I have a project that I've
been holding out on I've been holding
out not telling you guys about it I
could do it today
maybe it's quite the setup we have to
walk to the store to get pieces mmm
before we get to that I gotta tell you
something so when I was doing a little
music sequence the things I was doing
while Brittany and the kids were gone I
did a little section with me on a bike
now I used to be pretty good on a bike
you do a lot of fun things on a bike I
love bikes that's how I grew up I love
bikes and I used to be okay with them I
have not picked up a bike for so long
and actually tried to do those tricks
that it took me so many tries not even
kidding
to do those one tricks in that piece I'm
serious dude I was trying and trying and
trying and I just kept I couldn't get it
I can't believe how bad I am now I'm
terrible so here's what I got these
things shoot 196 flaming balls each 196
eight equals 1568 flaming balls the idea
is simple and stupid I want to build an
armed mechanism that holds for each one
on each arm 496 shots each and each arm
light them all at once and basically be
a machine gun flaming ball shooter such
a dumb idea
so imagine all four of these on my arm
right so something like this is perfect
put this on my arm and then mount those
around so yeah I've been wanting to do
this for a while I'm sure you guys would
like to see it I want to do it really
bad maybe today maybe I should just do
it man okay what do I need
oh hey yeah hey do you have any time
like in the next hour - not really
alright I was gonna try to do this on
this big firework gatling cannon thing I
was wondering if you want to help but if
you're busy you're busy
Dale's busy my brother's busy
everybody's gone today it's just me and
you it's just us
I'm really talking myself into this
right now guys gonna need some tools hmm
oh my god tell me that's not made for
this I was thinking I was gonna have to
cut all this stuff could probably drill
it right here and put a handle inside so
I have something to grab onto or release
all this is it this is it two of these
one of my biggest concerns right off the
bat is there's there's II there's eight
fuses that have to be lit all at once or
really close to all at once there's only
me I could get Britney to help me but
yeah this will light them faster but I
still need hands I still need people
light the fuses I think unless I set
them up and kind of do it myself I don't
know we'll go with these I don't know
lots of different tastes
pipes fuse lighters cutters safety
glasses all ready to your bed then Oh
guys so far when we went through it this
thing I think I have everything I need
to do this I don't know why I haven't
done it sooner who's calling me hey
what's up what are you I just got a
bunch of supplies to blow myself up yeah
you heard me I need your help
you're gonna have to light all the fuses
I buy cane I love you hey I'm back we
just chilling right there waiting the
whole time I guess the next step is
trying to mount these guys onto that
tube it should be pretty easy hey that's
good timing hey it's me yeah it's so
bright and guess what the ACS out you
think this is a good idea
just like Daddy huh mommy you think this
is a good idea
I think I'm honestly just going to take
these and start mounting them all four
of them four on each tooth you can you
could probably do eight on a tube before
is all I can hold these things are
really heavy
whoa-ah after a lot of tries the first
one is complete and they are solid not
going anywhere
my main concern is the weight I don't
know if I can physically hold it with
mom without a handle in hey I think I'll
be okay like this we can use my my head
one down one to go
the first thing I'm doing is literally
just mounting the firework to the tube
right down the middle it's solid I've
been cutting the paper wrapping off
because it makes the tape slide I don't
want the slide here you have it guys -
super rig over 1500 flaming balls all
these things are brutes dude I think
they're more awkward than they are heavy
though okay as long as I can put them on
like this dude one thing's for sure it
looks fun I'm excited it's heavy
I'm have to be leaning back and just let
it kind of hold are you ready I think
we're gonna have to let this we're gonna
have to let this Sun go down a little
more oh my gosh this is ridiculous two
three
so here's how we do it
we each have a torch one two one two
that's it and then as soon as minor
little I'll come grab them and I'll
start shooting at the GoPro shooting it
won't yeah that's why you do the insides
first no I wanted to start with these in
my hands already but we don't have a
choice it's just me and Brittany
lighting these things so we're gonna
take turns one two three four and then
I'm gonna get them on okay how do you
turn this on off
Iron Man style twist and push thread
button okay and then how do you turn it
off once we're done just untwist it
again
ready set go
okay here well be careful iron man that
was awesome dude what'd you guys think
whoa we need more anybody notice how
soos acted like it wasn't even happening
he was just walking around the yard like
it was nothing happening it's too used
to us it a good idea but it was really
cool it looked at me it felt amazing I
think we could get five on each tube it
was gonna be like eight all around oh I
couldn't lift I couldn't I was using my
hips to hold it up I ain't got no
muscles girl guys if you like that give
me a thumbs up today man I wasn't gonna
do it I've been holding that off since
uh crazy Russian hackers here I bought
them at the fireworks store with him and
I know I even said in that vlog I'm
getting these for something but I never
did it so there you go oh I wasn't gonna
pick up my camera right now oh but I was
wondering if you were gonna get that
high so wanted to catch you in the vlog
she puts her she puts her bottle up and
it wedges itself in so it'll fill up cuz
our fridge takes
but I just seen how long you can just
sit and let it just pour out what mommy
pulled a cane okay so here's what's
actually going on Brittany is preparing
for we have a family reunion tomorrow
then this band a birthday party this is
the best part of our cooking chocolate
chips yup that's good they might even
put him out without a melt so basically
the rest of the night is just preparing
she's gonna be doing this I'm gonna be
editing the blog we're gonna get up
early go to this reunion and a birthday
tomorrow should be a pretty full day I
kind of find more projects like that
that's so fun I love building and I
can't build I just duct tape stuff
together we love you guys so much thanks
for hanging out again if you like this
video give it a share share it with a
friend show them up these vlogs maybe
maybe somebody needs lift it up and
inspired to that's really what I'm
trying to do so if you liked it give it
a share we will see them all you are
beautiful you were one of a kind smile
welcome to Charlotte we are here again
all right
it's all full last ones on the plane
it worried it wasn't a trip we were the
last ones on the plane
