hey guys welcome to the vlog you ready
to go let's do it let's get it started
we couldn't I don't think we could
capture the octopus on the vlog I tried
so hard but he grabbed the hill snorkel
you couldn't grab it for real
it's like a double hole so I shoved it
down the hole which was behind him and I
could see him move from this hole and I
was like oh sweet I'm gonna push him out
and then it just went to tune and then
like pulled down and I could not pull it
like I was wiggling yeah I was pulling
it
I would wiggle it and I could just see
him tightening up in there Wow oh you
were both pulling it and I didn't want
to hurt him yeah I don't know if you
ever got to see him on the blog but he
was beautiful he's bigger than I thought
quack quack quack quack quack quack
quack quack quack so for the past two
days we've been trying to get out to
this island way out here the weather's
been really rough and we finally got a
chance to do it but our boat sank
I'm not kidding the boat sank what
happened I don't know they got like five
batteries laying in the bottom of the
boat right now oh well it's not so bad
what's up man
well she's floating again yeah see how
it was sitting on the beach laughs yeah
tide came up a little bit it looks
better
we gonna need one of these well yeah
Jeske come on man we need if we're gonna
rent your jet ski we need a banana boat
or an inner tube or some skis knee
boards yeah yeah there you go nobody
here yeah no banana boat what about on
the flyer says banana boat ride 25 bucks
you go you're gonna pick this jet ski up
yeah I have to go oh my pickup Jesse now
I come right in the punch and then a
banana boat
no nobody all right what are we gonna
pull behind a jet ski
wait cane has that little lizard Wow
that's true you could do the lizard raft
we have any rope yeah I don't know do
you have a boogie board body board
Niebuhr yes yes
all right we're going with the dinosaur
raft then hmm okay so Dale and I just
rented a jet ski and we're gonna try to
surf on it we're not gonna try we're
gonna do it we're gonna nail it and
we're gonna surf behind it is that cool
don't not go down to the pond we got
this board and a jet ski coming so we're
gonna try to surf behind it oh you man
where we live they pick you up on the
side of the road out front of your house
on sidewalk here they just pull right up
to the beach it's amazing over here he
don't see us
flip over yeah channel on from here from
the back yeah you just flip it if you
die no you see these muscles dude I'll
flip the state we will of your drop off
the jet ski
yeah the pop on the back all right we're
not gonna flip it I
I'm gonna do good hahaha
what
you
now her book
falling
if we go
right
going
hello
if we're close
Oh
I forget me fishing down here so
whatever happened
what was awesome dude
I can't believe we did it you know it
whoa you killed it dude yeah we just
wrapped up the jet skis you got robbed
Brittany went out to try the jet ski
surfing but the jet ski was flooded so
full throttle was I know full throttle
was I think I'm suffocating cuz it's
just straight gas it was literally
gasoline in my face it was it was it was
rough hope you guys are having an
awesome day we are this is our last day
here in the Bhama Bahama
it's our last day in the Bahamas we have
had the most amazing time as a family
mom dad brother his wife kids our kids
it's been amazing front flip front flip
that's what everyone wants to see Oh
most of you know I did not upload a vlog
yesterday I wanted to take one day off
on vacation yesterday was not
intentional I actually did vlog it just
wasn't enough so I was like you know
what today is my day off I'm gonna not
film so I did film a little bit here
within and keep in mind keep in mind it
rained 24 hour all day all day rain so
this is what I filmed yesterday 3 2 1 we
just got word that the manatee is out at
the dock we're gonna go check it out
we're doing a piggyback ride picky picky
bike ride look at that boat dude look at
that boat
Rizzy there's two of them whoa there
they are hurricane this is the very
first time I've seen one of these in in
the real ocean like right here usually
just at a zoo
look look at it look at that look at
that
yeah what's uh that is awesome
it was fuzzy in a beard what do you
think it's doing there pops what I mean
you're the expert on the manatees so
well my personal opinion is it's a male
and a female and they are in love all
I'm saying
like big old buoyant bubbles we think
well view is pretty cool it will not
quit raining man how did you guys beat
everybody I went out through the back
door Roman where are you he's in a
different world right now yeah my oh I'm
in Bahama seas just enjoying our last
day guys soaking it up hanging out with
the kids and uh yeah man
this is this has been quite the trip I
got a challenge for you do a front flip
while riding the lizard no do a front
flip while riding it I can
she looks so funny Waukee minute
backflip good job that wasn't too bad
that was pretty close haha ready set go
haha just when we thought we were gonna
dodge the storm it's coming back it's
raining I'm glad we did a lot of fun
stuff today already cuz I think came
this way look like a ghost
who's this are you taking my shoe dude
you just come up here and take my shoe
come on baby hey hey come here that's my
shoe dude that's mommy's shoe are you
lost
come here come here come here hey hey
come here coming coming oh no anything
like this dogs distrait stealing our
stuff dude fun
hey destroy took two of our shoes took
our shoes and left a dog did you just
see what I saw a dog I've never seen in
my life came up took two shoes and
laughed you see this you see her bites
dude it's it's game over today's vlog
has been a lot of fun we've done some
exciting things everything from the jet
ski - Britney sneezing like crazy oh and
now we have to do what we hate doing the
most packing packing packing in our room
a room right now is at half power I'm
not even kidding these lights look at
this to top it off not only is the
weather crazy and the lights literally
the room is at
power there's no internet we have no
internet right now which is scary
because I need to upload this video you
okay
how many sneezes an hour are you doing
you were over the sneeze limit what yeah
yeah that's why I'm travel home in
bright blue underwear dude this place is
off the hook
right now it's like something out of a
horror movie
okay so we came here with a lot of
suitcases most of them were good most of
our suitcases were already close to
overweight and now a lot of our clothes
are still wet we need to figure out how
to drive dry nob look at this little
washer and dryer look at this thing it's
amazing it does both washes and dries
cane hop in if you want to dry up what's
the odds of power even running this
thing right now
really all right guys probably the worst
night to lose power at a resort guys we
are disco night baby
luckily Cain brought about five hundred
glow sticks looking like all those are
bright was there more little ones yes
you woman who can I have one here we go
ready yep Oh oh that's a flashlight oh
you're probably so happy right now no
pet well just keep that on that lights
up the room better than the lamps the
power is out on the night we have to
pack our room we have stuff everywhere
looks like what you're a year here
anybody alive out there
hi so it's fun park it packing in the
dark
I like that was all three of our
families just community in the dark
I think that's gonna conclude our day
and our vacation we will see you back in
Ohio we have no power we have no
internet you guys going to be really mad
when this video goes up really like uh
guys we love you so much we cannot thank
you enough for being on this trip with
us and I can't even make this up I can't
make this up we will see you back in
Ohio we love you we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile hmm it's cold all right here we go
