hey guys welcome to guys welcome to the
vlog guys guys walk into hey hey guys
welcome to the vlog nailed it
first try that was easy guys the first
thing we're going to do today is get rid
of this old used vlog camera has been
blurry the color has been crazy going
from Reds to blues to greens so we're
gonna retire this guy right now we're
not going to switch it up anything
special exact same camera but new first
thing we had to do right off the bat
because we're on the islands it's very
windy is we got to put a new windscreen
on it and this one's really old I could
put a new windscreen on it but the
coloring everything is just driving me
nuts so we're gonna upgrade today you
know yeah let's do it
alright this is what I use I literally
only have two two left
that's - that takes two for this camera
so I don't know if this interest you
guys at all but I'm gonna go ahead and
show you this is what I use and
everybody always asks me what do I use
to keep the wind away so here we go
these little guys right here so this is
what I use to little wind furries and
actually people like TSA when I'm going
to the airport like what's that on your
camera dead serious like I don't know
why people are that's what these are so
this camera has two mics right and a
left so I use two of them actually it
always covers the power but I don't
underst up yeah so I take these
double-sided stickers with a hole in it
slap it on low slap slap slap arooo
boom now you could take scissors and cut
that out but I'm just gonna keep rolling
then this one right here covers up the
flash so you no longer can have a flash
pop up but whatever I don't take
pictures with it I record with it so
there you go within a minute you've got
perfect windscreens good pitch it's like
a pet you got to take care of it yeah I
will say you get the most wind on
islands and beaches so even these wind
screens struggle a little bit there's
new ones that velcro I've just always
used these this is what I know say
goodbye to this camera it is time to go
to that one
you should start naming all your camera
I should start naming them cuz they're a
big part of our life like this camera
has filmed so many vlogs I have used
this one camera I have had new cameras
they have broken and I've come back to
this camera every time this is an
original
alright the new camera looks good that's
what happens when you go from AC out to
the beach this is exactly what my
camera's don't last alright no grab a
shovel dude we got to bury it yeah we
got to bare it properly crystal-clear
imaging man hope hope you guys are
having an awesome day we are catching up
to the family right now don't know what
they're doing
Oh what up little lady I brought you
some goodies yeah all kinds of stuff
underwater camera cables suffocation hey
hey you I'm just gonna go ahead and
start rolling because I'm missing all
the good footage today so we just had
some guys come up to us they watch the
videos every day and they told me hey
you got to go check out these caves
freshwater caves you can jump into like
30 40 foot drops I immediately is like
yes we're going right now are you going
I'm going I just I have a 15 foot limit
usually tell me what you're talking
about
he's like dude 30 feet one wrong angle
you're dead you're gonna explode that's
not gonna happen say your dad but I'm
good okay I've jumped at about thirty
feet before and it felt like someone
took a 2x4 and hit me on my butt you
don't jump on your butt you could it
wasn't even sticking out it felt like
that oh look jail you're in
I'm in Dale's in this is this is full
speed they were flying haha we're
drifting oh this thing's dead man this
is low-key junky bonafide manifested hey
they were getting lapped by little boy
so we're back in the room we're not
gonna waste any time I'm gonna pack a
little bag here we're gonna head out I
got camera underwater cameras and you're
not gonna go even Kane's gonna relax
trying to get know to go I think he's
gonna go but he's a little nervous about
it it's a long trip it's like an hour
drive you got everything you need
oh you're gonna take fins that's a good
idea my friend more coal good thinking
Lincoln we got the mast the snorkel the
fins the GoPro Pole I think we're set
you ready come on
what are you with you can watch TV at
home you crazy you might have some fun
dude this is gonna be awesome I'm glad
you're gone this is something you don't
want to miss doing one day you're gonna
be like I remember that time we went on
cave I'm gonna blow these TVs up
stiffly
we are in the middle of nowhere this is
pretty awesome
yeah all right we made it in a listen no
matter where I go in the whole world
people calm viewers fans and they say yo
we want you to come on this trip they
came to me and say there's a cave you
can dive in I was like yes let's go
right now so these guys thank you guys
for bringing us here this is crazy what
a trip get in here too I don't think the
video does it justice well lead the way
my friends there's a long walk two or
three weeks this is so awesome and look
at this click the action headed to the
camo yeah yeah just good foot you
definitely always want to listen to the
locals because if it's cool to them it's
really cool because they've seen it all
they've done it all look at this
this is sick there water in it oh oh
this is so awesome
oh dude I'm crapping my pants that's
pretty scary
this looks awesome not lying I'm scared
that's high good you better quit you
going look at her she's like I'm ready
she's like really making me look good
I'm ready dude lead the way I'm going
right after you Oh Oh woo go for it did
how deep that big sinner rock but it's
really deep it's really deep
did that hurt no does she's not even
hesitate and did know she's gone she's a
movie star Hey Oh No he's 12 years old
Wow no you could be the youngest I'm
gonna tell you honestly I've never
jumped off anything out hard I don't
think it looks that bad hey Rome take
this in your pocket and then film you
jumping that's right
it's cold all right here we go Wow
Wow you ready Fox yeah you gotta love it
do it in there with people that you know
that you can trust oh you know you could
do you can kids and everybody else down
there said they're gonna be there
absolutely petrified I'm terrified
you're gonna do it one time and love it
yeah love's a big word
this is not natural you get like one
split-second of weightlessness like I'm
still not at the ground I counted it
it's slightly more than a second in the
air the feeling in your stomach yeah
like get your stomach going past your
head yeah apart from that big things
coming over after oh yeah I'm like dude
I would jump I'll be the first thing I
do I'm the dinosaur I know ready and I'm
like you know what maybe I better let
him eat me whew
how was that it's a hole in the earth
dude are you get are you building up
guts yeah ready I'll get in real quick
who's he
we do is pencil in you can see Mayra
comping for my chest and you see it when
I'm not when I'm calm alright me and
Noah's going together you ready 1 2 3
dude I'm proud of ya the scariest thing
you've ever done
I know what everybody's gonna say it
doesn't look big on karyn's hard to it's
hard to show size but that's all about
sawsan thanks guys it's rock you're
brave anything else
oh thanks yeah they're in the car though
that was another highlight of this trip
what a beautiful hole man first scariest
thing every one second
probably best thing I've done this whole
trip yeah nice that's awesome
I'm really proud of you did it's a lot
blue guys thanks again you guys are
awesome boom boom all right you guys
want you guys want to pitch anything
Instagram snapchat Twitter
yeah Instagram Makani was here 24
Anthony was here 24 oh yeah nice guy
zero two zero seven oh I guess I'll go
on Jordan underscore est underscore SS
underscore righteous young yeah
underscore Agent Brian underscore T 13
13 all right man if you guys want to go
hit him up thank them thank them for
giving us a sweet trip man you guys Rock
we'll see you again so how was the jump
you weren't you were scared and then you
just did it you saw that little girl
going and you were like I'm in I'm going
it was like so humiliation even have
fear after that we got that little girls
never done our life she's like here film
me I'm going yeah second person to go
yeah oh my mind yeah what you think I
feel like right when I saw my dang it
doesn't look that bad but then as a
mid-air I'm like whoa yeah I'm like
bouncing with my arms on station still
not in still not in good job dude
you did it yeah I know why he went
though maybe the first hand I'm together
that's cool so it's an hour ride back
oh my gosh now Israel be there no time
hmm and they're gonna be sending those
out too they send the conch-shells in
China is it conch or conk conk conk
that's what I thought let's take a look
at this let's go I seen this place it's
a conch shell deposit area look at all
these they're so pretty too he's like
all them nice shells that you buy and
you pay a lot of money for it look at
all of them they just sell the meat and
then they're stuck with the show whoo it
stinks no it's like they're Pro with a
whiff of this is like it takes your
breath away well we made it back to the
beautiful sunset and I guess last night
I missed in the vlog I guess last night
there was a man at manatee manatee
manatee hanging out at these docks we're
trying to find them and crazy enough
maybe somebody can answer me why
everybody on the dock says that the
manatee loves to drink water out of the
hose fresh water yeah if you pour take
the hose and spray it into the ocean the
manatee will come up to drink out of the
hose likes fresh water last night I did
it I fed him out of the hose now the
thing is these are all private docks huh
it's whether we can get a hose yeah hey
oh well she's coming in fast just come
back here baby
really oh I thought you'd be way back
later Billy's like they're here it's so
Andy
are you really out here oh we don't know
man look at you guys eating ice cream
and partying the wind is pretty crazy
so that storm they were talking about I
was like oh it's gone today beautiful
it's blue but now it's like really
rolling in and it's going to pound it
looks like it's gonna storm I saw this
palm tree the other day and I was like
yeah this would be a cool picture if it
was windy well it happens to be windy so
I'm gonna try to get this photo it's
really gonna be terrible I don't know
run Brittany run since it's bent I want
to look like that the wind is pulling me
and the but the leaves aren't moving
that much these are moving like crazy
well the ones in the background are all
that way your battery lights flashing
yeah go
oh the trees blonde dear let me try and
do it this door okay alright my stupid
battery's about to die so I don't know
if I got the shot but it was like
supposed to be like a UH like like I was
getting blown away in the storm
basically yes I'm watching you you
didn't go in the grass and your stuff
drowning
it's race is mine
I can fight walking win okay if I walk
it's my camera stolen yeah hey hey you
got nothing you got nothing that's it
what do you want what do you want you
little jumping bean huh but you want to
do more swinging you're crazy
the storm is rolling ended it is
really
King I love you hey you know I do right
yeah guys we are jumping into light a
little bit the storms rolling in it's
about to rain
hey maybe mmm-hmm that's bedtime it's
bedtime it's bedtime
you've got a bed right now I love you
you have to go to bed no right now no
you right now young man don't make me
call you by your middle and last name
had fun today today was awesome you five
I'm proud of you for jumping you forgot
well bugger I love you open up the
champagne look at my blonde my hair got
on this trip you're in sync
Yeah right we only have two more days on
this beautiful island and then back to
Ohio back home hey you better go home
oh my masseuse got in this vlog guys
thanks so much for hanging out with us
today and it was awesome I'm so glad we
found that place and people that took us
we're awesome and that's all I got for
you so we love you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind am I going to ask
you a question today but thank you for
hey thank you for their whole getting me
from every angle thank you guys for
being here with the family and I and
give him a thumbs up cane so they give
us a thumbs up let's see who actually
watches the end of this vlog we love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile ma
you're beautiful
do we look like a couple or do we look
like brother and sister let me tell you
guys something this is a thing that
Brittany and I have done for a long time
I don't think I've ever told you on the
vlog people will come more
