hey guys welcome to the vlog where is
everybody conrad come here come here
i got to show you this are you ready
this is you mate you made yesterday's
thumbnail check it out mmm that's you
dude that's like the greatest picture
the whole trip hmm was that cool or what
Dale Dale hello hello whoa my camera
just went oh I have that effect on
camera this fog right off the bat we
arrived here yesterday apparently
there's some type of like tropical storm
or bad weather headed up near Florida we
happen to be on the edge of it so it's
all clouds it's a little gloomy today a
little windy definitely not your typical
like tropical sunshine and blue water
it's very cloudy and gray so apparently
these guys a lot of these guys drive
their boats in from Florida now hang out
here for the weekend they do some fish
and whatever they just like to hang out
here
they can't even leave they're stuck here
because the weather so bad come on
slowpokes what's up dude now hope you
guys are having an awesome day man this
is what vacations all about right here
family running around goofing off may
not be one of my typical like fun
tropical sunny ocean vlogs today but
maybe a good day to just relax with the
family a little bit so oh these two are
mine right here these two this these two
are my brother's right here yeah
we got boys all boys that's right but
you guys got going on here how are you
give me five
how would you know my name is Roman I
saw you yesterday when you came in you
were spying on me I thought you was
wanted again I am a kid I'm a big kid
how awesome like I I've never been like
I don't Ellis person but I'm literally
jealous at this t-shirt that's the
greatest thing I've ever seen
what t-shirt hahaha look at this shirt
you ever seen a t-shirt like that No
neither sipping on some cold island
drinks Pina Colada pina colada virgin
and how is the beer of the Bahamas yeah
it's like a Bud Light go ahead and lick
it
oh you got candy squid oh yeah they're
so good these were so good as a kid Oh
mmm isn't it good really is good the
eyeballs the best part I think King
longer that's real squid dude yeah I
think it was the fishing pole that gave
it away I think it was your six-pack ABS
he gave it away
I've been flexing all day I'm pretty
sore hey little lizard running back to
the room real quick to get some shoes
footballs we're gonna try it a little
fishing off the beaches like some rocks
and a reef maybe we'll catch something
you got a secret path yes let's do it
I'm gonna catch you boy I know you guys
like my pink bike check it out whoo I'm
just gonna say this right now whoever
the guy was that was like yo let's put
bikes here for any guests that stay with
us genius your genius dude or lady
whoever whoever's genius so at low tide
this beach almost empties out completely
turns into like a rocky walkway you can
hike out to these rocks so I know what's
inside over teletrac old
yeah conch conch conch conch I don't
know we're gonna walk out hike out here
we got a couple fishing poles a little
bit of bait we're gonna try to catch
fish look how cool this little spot is
Leah's mangrove tree as soon as I
thought it I saw this in the rocks you
think of castaway yeah this is the
atwood version of castaways we've been
out here for bella'
but a week or so we're just we're just
fishing for food now luckily we came
across three fishing poles in a box full
of frozen squid there's a new mangrove
growing yeah because at high tide at
high titer is actually water up here
all right guys this is this is pure
survival you gonna catch us a fish Dale
he loves playing with this stuff yeah at
all the he's playing with it yeah
playing with octopus loves fish you
already got one look hello run we'll get
them to look at them big guys it's a
whopper it's a whopper George heard
they're everywhere
they have big lobster down there how you
get him
you grab by the antenna and drag him out
oh well I'd do it but it's not in season
right now ha ha ha there's more down
here see the lobster down here oh yeah
I've seen them video some guys just grab
with their hands they just reach down
and grab it there's a big sea urchin
down here touch it that's a bristle worm
or fire worm things the crap out of you
oh I just went up under there oh they
really sting you yes here's another one
odor coming out sitting on one that's
why you don't want to reach him for them
lobsters right now look at this guy you
want to touch him he's pretty awesome
actually
there's wonder behind you everywhere
don't eat it Wow oh wait look how fast
he's out of water
no batter gross creature he looks like a
giant blood worm that's a specie Leonid
as an alien from outer space as a leader
on here whoa hold a hunt now here here
comes the rain dananana it's raining
baby ha ha ha I'm not a hundred percent
but apparently this might last like two
three days oh I missed it
you literally just flipped off your bike
I'm stuck
hey little man whoa make a smiley face
well a shower I went to go get in I turn
the faucet on and it's spraying cold
water all over the bathroom what the
whole entire bathroom is soaker suitcase
everything so I should shut the door
thinking maybe it would stop no I had to
get it in turn off all right parents out
there what is the best method to get
things out of your kids ears years
sakinah's or he's actually been to the
doctors about this you guys remember on
the vlog we went to the doctors and
there's sand from Punta Cana in his ear
still they said it'll just work its way
out just gotta be way to get it out not
gonna say huh is this the cue hairdryer
by the way is this the shower that
exploded yeah why would whoa turn it on
and that one thing let's turn to this e
so what's gonna happen if I turn it on
just turn it that way it's the actual
name of like you do it yeah you do it no
please it's turned that way now so slick
I know so what yeah cuz he turned it the
other way
chat with Tom baby we're gonna go out me
Dale Jessa Britt are gonna go out on a
little double date yeah
how many you guys how many how many you
guys even notice I shave today I'll
write the big heal huh I said I'm sure
everybody nervous no no it's such a
change
what's going on in here you little
hooligans going on in here I feel like
I'm missing the party
you guys are going crazy can you hear
them
I can hear them going crazy all the way
out there so what you're wearing
yeah you look at thousand times better
than me I don't anything well you liked
it my camouflage the only patients I
have Britney wash but didn't dress he
stinks so bad well if I want to try to
meet Ali sure he shrunk
that's a spot-on impression of me by the
way I need to know hair or hat I've done
my hair for like a month
weeks but it's so long the old Roman
Atwood guys haven't done my hair for a
long time what do you think looks good
guess who's back Bam Bam back again
Bam Bam smell good why cuz I've been in
the lab with a pen in the pad trying to
get the same label off ain't having that
this is the morning of aftermath me one
more Pat in the plaque and rap you can
have it back huh oh I love y'all be
right back don't like me I prefer it's
you strong you're too strong bye I love
you bye Conran hey pretty flower you
ready to eat a little Dindin there's a
little restaurant here I'm gonna be
surprised if you and I like anything on
this menu damn steak yeah you're in a
seafood place why are you gonna order
steak
I've been trying seafood so I don't want
to hear it yeah you have been doing
pretty good look at least Tufo reeks do
we look like a couple or do we look like
brother and sister let me tell you guys
something this is a thing that Brittany
and I have done for a long time I don't
think I've ever told you on the vlog
people will come more people will legit
ask me if we're boyfriend/girlfriend
about now this is my sister
I wait about ten seconds and then I kiss
her always gets a good reaction so if
you're a couple boyfriend/girlfriend you
can do that to people to larious so
funny it is funny the same thing but I'm
like nah this is my mom Oh were you
getting dirty trust some shrimp shrimp
rolls shrimp egg rolls egg rolls I don't
go to Chinese restaurant yeah and that
actually looks like sweet-and-sour just
pick it up and dip it girl
sweet chilli sauce I'm excited for the
record I don't eat egg rolls if you're
Chinese restaurant dude you got to use
the sauce brah it's good it's good
way better than Chinese annual we think
get it mmm doesn't mean it's bad at all
Nubian sir I thought you were like
kidding
channel should be called blurry vlogs
blurt roaming out with blurry blogs
blogs can you just get a boat already
I just want boat pump pump pump pump
pump pump pump pump pump baby you got
that itchy sunburn back
you look sunburned you look sleepy
hey a movie night look at you I'm so
cool dude look how big you are
look you gonna be my cameraman yeah you
are let me explain to you guys what
we're doing right now we've designed the
perfect spot for Caine to sleep huh so
in this hotel room they have this thing
which to me looks like a kid's bed so
we're gonna take this thing looks like a
kid's bed bring it into here beside our
bed so young remover what do you want me
to do with this oil I don't know put
that lamp somewhere else
hey oh yeah thanks buddy how's that oh
my gosh a funny thing is it kind of
matches this bed yeah guys we need to
say goodnight goodnight I love you my
little man out I'm so hard see masseuse
you miss we all miss Azusa business
misses us too blurry camera blurry vlogs
blurry thumbs up sure our new name just
be blurry blurry vlogs dot-com baby
loggers tomorrow I'm going to switch
from this camera to this camera which is
the exact camera but it's brand new and
I've been using this is for all the
underwater shots but I'm going to put
the windscreen on it it's now going to
be my new vlog camera because this one
is shot same camera just brand new we're
gonna switch it over tomorrow some nice
clean clean vlogs man this thing is it's
old I've had this camera forever
yeah you're aren't going to bed I'm
gonna be out there editing in your being
here now yeah saying our goodbyes I
gotta go edit this vlog while you guys
just sleep I'll be waiting right here
yeah right right
guys we love you so much thanks for
coming along with us thanks for being
such a huge part of our family I knew
today was gonna be kind of a off-day
family day we got a little date night
which was freakin awesome yeah it was
really nice very needed and I didn't
feel much we kind of just you know we
did our thing and I'll tell you this
place we're at is really cool I like
this place lot it's very quiet very
secluded not many people at all I feel
like you're back you're doing yes yeah I
think guys tell me guys tell me today
what's the coolest place you've ever
been or so a place that you've been that
you just really love fell in love with
and you you just wanted to stay there um
tell me the comments the coolest place
you've ever been to we love you you were
beautiful you're one of a kind we will
see you tomorrow
smile mwah what are you doing
oh hey when's the last time you rode a
bicycle you serious right now
it is probably somebody watching
absolutely watch myself oh look
