hey guys welcome to the vlog we are
moving out we are out of here you ready
yeah yeah yeah let's do it let's go
party animals ah everybody sleepy I
don't want you to play I don't want you
to stop I want you to go forward ready
forward okay you can tell that one's
mine right there oh oh hang on you're in
Reverse hey hey guys hope you're having
an awesome day we are moving look at all
this stuff thanks for cleaning the room
looks like a lot you let the bomb go off
sound so fun
oh halfway through the switch resort I
know right I was just getting nestled in
and I was in my I was in my nest
alright what do you guys think the next
place is gonna be like any ideas I don't
have no idea you think it'll be awesome
I know it's gonna be awesome but I have
no idea what to expect it will be cool
going to somewhere we've never been
that's that's what's gonna be great it's
all new all new adventure
I can't lie I'm gonna miss this spot I
love this spot man nice place
maybe it's so much crap dude what is all
this
honestly I don't know what happened I
feel like we're staying in the Bahamas
forever like playing Tetris man that's
great
did a good job right it'll man let's do
it
so we just got on the road and what's
going on what happened we broke down oh
uh it appears that the band may not make
it to the other one without transmission
fluid I'll just put a little tranny
juice in that he said it barely runs so
I don't know how anything runs in the
seat I could run
we made it baby we made it here got it
I was driving eight hours you're gonna
peel your tongue off let me see
oh you're tearing your tongue out oh
well we go
are you sure it looked just like his
tongue yes gross rough your grosser than
my beard this place looks awesome dude
we're definitely getting a boat here
maybe I actually have no idea I want to
get a boat so bad
look at all these you see puffers little
boppers
there is there is kind of Noah look at
the hammocks dude check these out this
one's got a trapdoor is that a sneeze no
it sounded like you exploded Rock my
baby the treetops rock his little world
yeah
so we've got about one hour before our
rooms are ready so we're gonna venture
around look around see what's going on
cheese puffs boy those look so good
no I what Oh
that is a dead puffer oh no this is
actually your guys's room Dale this is
where you and Noah sleep at night
yuh-huh I'm not waiting around dude here
film film this ledge where Dale is we're
going home no no you can't baby go go go
oh you're like a little delay on it why
you good camera cuz I don't have my
underwater fun so here we are this is
we're gonna be for the next few days I
can't talk right now
well oh all right that looks crazy don't
know what we're gonna get into here but
I'm sure there's a million things to do
you ready nice purse by the way
supposedly this place is really known
for their nice rooms I have not seen
this yet none of us have know I may be
heyco hood a place from the hotel
dropped all our stuff for us actually we
got everybody's bags not just ours Wow
oh really says Noah's room dude you got
a sick room a jet plane and I guess the
best parts right here boom Oh
oh we think in that bathtub red room
what do you think buddy I think we're oh
I think we're all a little blown away by
this room we're not used to staying in
rooms like this this is really fancy
really decked out got my little editing
my little editing station for a few days
right here No
yuh-huh that's gonna be Kings then oh
yeah this is your bed No Wow good well
depending on him we might see if we can
get the one-ders oh nice if you guys
need some extra rooms come on over we
definitely have more space than we need
and we still have your bags to so me and
mr. cheeseball man are gonna head down
to the pool I think everyone's a little
worn out today Brittany's barely even
been in the vlog she's been off and
tired and I've been that way a million
times
someone let her catch up a little bit
relax get caught up get some energy and
we'll be ready to go tonight you ready
yeah
hey hey come on you ready yeah let's go
honey wake up wake up wake up my god
look at this place
never seen anything more beautiful than
less there is a hammock you can really
hear it you want Elena have it land
hammock oh my gosh look check him out oh
wow
I never seen one out in public he's
awesome
why should I put him hang on I don't man
I've only seen these for sale in pet
stores this is awesome look at his
little purple hand put them in your
mouth here's the thing on the way back
from the pool I picked up a pretty sweet
ride my turn here you're gonna take it
you're gonna take my purple bike mom it
really does what are you doing oh hey
when's the last time you wrote a bicycle
are you serious right now
baby there's probably somebody watching
somebody watching us look really don't
run I don't wanna write it's just too
tall I can't sit with my feet now to
call you to toe to toe sir oh I wanted
you to ride this bike just so I could go
do do do do do
hello I'm getting her up guys we're
getting awake we're getting alive I'm
not gonna lie we've done a lot this week
like usually on vacation you think
you're just laying around relaxing we
haven't really done that at all we've
been moving and fast pace and wrecking
bikes
took a beating did you see that no I
like took my throat up this way I tried
to hold position like your mom's
four-bike whatever what is going on with
this water drop ramp it in mom ramp it
in mom so one of the coolest parts right
off the bat is the bikes dude and now
we've upgraded we got the pretty pink oh
it's hard without shoes hmm nah how much
I'm gonna try to catch up to the family
they went up here somewhere
we got that Ohio we got that Ohio
cloudiness right now though look at that
man you walked a long way Conrad I would
think so whoa and he's fast how awesome
is this
this is unbelievable yeah me and Dad
loved our bikes anyways yeah my mom and
dad actually ride like how many miles do
you guys usually ride on your bikes like
2015 15 miles so this is right right at
home baby look at this island dude
that's all I need just that island right
there I could swim over there I could
swim to that Island I think right there
we made it to the end this is cool oh
look at all them big shells so much got
room for one up on onto the pink Express
bike just easier than running ba ba ba
ba ba you look like you're flying you're
hovering that's a fun little trip man I
love the bike awesome great pass to ya
all the way out there still oh yeah
he'll be out there for a while check it
out he's gone venture where did you guys
go our keys don't worry maybe dead
batteries but he gave me a thing oh nice
wrong one wrong one wrong one yeah
neighborhood so our key our actual key
hasn't worked at all they'll fit neither
oh really
dude the bottom ones long I thought they
were sending someone down me jaw was
literally this big out crowd and he will
if he want you to hold your finger who's
gonna clap oh he's awesome but I benefit
in having been infinite are you going go
in the pool go in the pool oh we
cruising man this is so nice so relaxing
I could probably I could fry ride bikes
all day again like I used to when I was
a kid
oh I ate a bug on my face again dude you
were going flying not high I agree with
that I scare the scared kid okay you
don't want to get on Conrad I'll give
you the crazy award for the day you
probably would have rode the bike into
the pool but you were straight up whoo I
can't say it enough guys this is
everything to me mom family the kids mom
and dad at we're just having so much fun
he's crazy just wants to go higher dude
any higher you're gonna do a full
loop-d-loop Conrad I think your names
just gonna turn into rad your rad dude
oh my gosh
not you on hunter I did
guys jumping right towards the end of
all everybody passed out on me tonight
I got a edit and here's the thing
Internet here is terrible I'm hoping I
guess if you're seeing this then I got
it to work but the internet here at this
resort it's very secluded here it's very
private and it's it's bad it is so bad
so I guess what I'm trying to say is
that there is any vlog issues for the
next few days maybe the blogs want up
later than usual or not at all hopefully
that doesn't happen but hopefully if
you're seeing this I got to work so
thank you guys so much for coming along
with us on this trip we are going to
continue to rock and roll everybody
passed out and Cainan Brit both passed
out on the bed Noah is still rocking you
still up all right so we just know it's
still up we are uh we're gonna call it a
night guys I gotta edit and hopefully
this internet works it's crazy
my question for you today let's have fun
with this if you showed up on an island
with nothing but you could have one
thing what would it be
that's all I got for you guys today
thank you for everything takes for
always sharing these vlogs and showing
so much love on them we will see you
tomorrow you're beautiful you're one of
a kind smile more keep your head up on
your mark get set go
yeah he's gone he's gone he's gone
Oh
