hey guys welcome to our house welcome to
the vlog we have a really good kind of
good idea today are you ready huh whoa
good boy let's see if this is even work
uh uh-huh
ah the RC truck why won't it work
uh huh no we didn't break here I'll just
seeing it here plug it on in you got it
yeah you got it
that's it no no no no no no no no no no
no no no sweetie right if I was your
size I'd put my butt here in my feet
here yeah don't yell okay maybe you can
hold on to just these or what if you lie
on your belly yeah lay on your belly
suit of those and then maybe you can
hold on to this you want to try belly
that's a good way to see feet up and run
ready let's see here we go let's just do
a real sample whoa it'll move can we try
to drive you a little bit okay here we
go ready
if you like nothing oh my gosh hey you
should take it outside and go off the
ramp okay look
penny you just barely racers to your
truck I think this could be a new thing
you get twenty thirty kids on our sea
cars and they race around a track things
you have our kids do
here we go no Danny you gotta hold on
oh my god
oh that's the famous dismount right
there
ready hold on tight you monster Chuck
is that pretty awesome well I actually
accidentally peeled out on your calf Oh
Helmand all right mister stop man
where you going mommy you're gonna lay
down
you should work up some what's up guys
pretty regular day here at the Atwood
house we're just goofing off settling in
from all our traveling we got some
beautiful sunshine it's gorgeous
Zeus come here come here you know why
you're outside because you won't quit
getting in the mud
I'm sure Cain and I'll have fun
hot sunny day a hose a bucket of water
it's fun yeah Wow look at all this dried
silly string you did that I think
everybody did it so my car my cars been
sitting for a long time in fact the last
time we drove it was Britney's dad's
birthday so might get it out and clean
it it's just filthy dirty
so Brett just took the camera and put it
under my car that was your shot good job
little little Sun flare and everything's
awesome
so I'm walking to turn the hose on check
out my front yard from when they were
building the building it's the front of
my house pretty friggin awesome not
really doing much today so I thought I
would get and clean the neglected gt-r
hasn't been even been driven you gonna
clean your truck good idea first thing
we got to do is rinse it all right and
then you're gonna do this on the other
side let's get it all rinsed off me that
brake dust yeah that's it get it all
nice and wet so I can soap it there's
just some images in my life I never want
to forget you boys washing your cars
yeah he's got a good job get some more
soap on there Kane are you washing your
baby and got your baby girl hand-washing
sink so saw pulling the best for your
girl huh are you shaking like a dog well
it looks like it still works
Oh Zeus Cain soaked the camera in the
chair and daddy's phone hiding over here
Zeus Zeus where are you where is he
there you go boy well you can pretty
much eat off my car now it's spotless it
took so long to clean took way longer
than I expected I even get to do the
wheels yet it's just gonna sit for a
while anyway caters caters roll daddy
got you a nice warm towel you ready oh
yeah
Reigate tongue feet ah that's a seat oh
nice
oh my gosh our little movie projector
right here keep dreaming dirt boy I'm
gonna go get my food thanks for cooking
I love you so I got some cheeseburgers
tied again alright Brittany can't she
apparently said she can't cook him on
the grill so she cooks him on a skillet
definitely a little fraud
it's alright it's alright oh you did
means you Selena Brian started the fire
all the office so good you're Burt
burger you're burnt burger is good
that's good burger
mom Armstrong stretch mom stretch mom
strap that's for your talkback the other
day what'd you do poking on the face
there's been put in your nose remember
when you talk back to me the other day
huh just in case anybody's wondering
Noah is in Owen land they are eating hot
dogs in there playing video games so not
joining the family tonight but she's all
right
this weekend I'm sure there's a lot of
11 year olds watching that's all noah is
and he's all about just buddies right
now and it's so hard to get him like
tied down for a minute I literally lived
at my friend's that's all I did
no no I get it I just as a dad I miss my
boy we're just relaxing guys man I don't
know what to say we're having such a
nice day it's been beautiful out kind of
eaten up the day actually Suns going
down
Cain I can see some get out of my lens I
get out of my land Cain look behind you
look at the Sun dude this is the best of
Ohio right now
it's a big ball of fire like you hey
stranger
get your butt out here both of you but
you're both in trouble no why do you
have my boots on again what's up did you
tell them the story
no you're walking you're walking out
here like you got something to ask me
we don't really you just come out to say
hi did you tell him a story about Liz
boots I guys thought they were brown I
told you they were paying no so Noah
ordered these boots well Brittany did
and me and Noah saw Brown and what brown
and tan yeah and she said no they're
purple and pink and Nolan is like that
dress blue and gold him whatever it was
well when they showed up sure enough
perform paint Pink's for girls whatever
bro whatever well there he goes this is
kind of a rare shot of a starfish in my
tank and never a while they're always on
the rocks
yeah oh man I think it's kind of creepy
very good back under the rocks the giant
starfish you know what I haven't done I
haven't put my shorty award anywhere yet
this is kind of where I put some things
that I have and I think it's got it over
that's the place you can still see
Brittany's kiss marks on missing
so it plays no all right guys that's
really gonna do it for us today we just
we just didn't do much man hung out
goofed off Zeus come exercise with me
you need it you need to break it down
there you go you get your ball I got my
ball we love you guys were probably
gonna hang out watch a movie and and
just kill the camera for a minute we
love you thanks for all the love and
support we will see you tomorrow
thanks for also all support on the new
prank seems like you guys really enjoyed
us thank you for that and it was just
fun to do something like that and get my
buddies we love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget how important you
are how awesome you are you're one of a
kind
nc boosted board things everybody has so
much fun on but I do have a longboard
and in our sea truck it works pretty
well
yeah baby boy wait you need to steer
ha
