hey guys welcome to the vlog welcome
back to Ohio wait until you see this ah
ready get it out ready over there yeah
you is it bigger than your one that runs
on like actual gas I don't know soos are
you ready to have some fun you know he's
more excited than all of us let's go
open it
are you ready o po po ain't so excited
get it get
oh my gosh that is this just like I'm
drilling a little I have drool
what's up guys I'm trying to show you
the size of this thing it is ridiculous
it's bigger than Cain for sure
ah alright you are taller but it's big
it's beast haha it's so awesome we're
gonna have so much I don't even know
what to do you know what to do you know
what I think we should do put your
helmet on and ride on it what do you
think kid mommy should mommy ride
oh my gosh huh I put those in for me
it's got kids so beat up can you know
with your knocked out teeth and your
your beat-up legs maybe we should just
ramp this thing um no we don't need any
broken bow Hey look who's here just what
y'all get him I'm gonna get him who is
that Zeus who is it who is it Hey
what is that Oh
Slimers like digging in you didn't know
look so I'm sure Dale oh he blew his
teeth out dude he fell on the trampoline
downstairs on the bar yeah my mom told
me that now we don't need field goals to
play football Conrad you know some
peppermint candy really good and there's
some chocolate open it while you open it
right here I know it's a joke Shh there
you want some peppermint candy open
right there
oh my gosh it's so big that's wishing
 watch don't destroy the house nuts
Franek grant Bam Bam Bam Bam
what you boys doing oh you punk
oh just where do you think you're going
on a cruise you know be cool picture is
Cain and his beside you oh that would be
awesome
ah
so I don't have one of them fancy
boosted board things everybody has has
so much fun on them but I do have a
longboard and in our Sitra it works
pretty well
yeah baby before we you need to steer
Kaiser's oh dang
alright so I'm gonna try to hit the ramp
I'm gonna try to hit the ramp come up
tap tap my right wheel on that wood bull
what looks bull oh no what do you mean I
have it bull I tapped it perfect
real-life CG effects like hologram
effects that's BS you're a horrible
stuntman is your guy's a nappy
ramp cute ramp yeah you're my cute ramp
mom and dad's here
where you been what do you mean where
have I been yeah I'll bury an applesauce
oh but you're not letting go of we're
just goofing off right really not doing
anything today just goofing goofing you
got it you got it you got it go go go
nice shot take the shot in there man I
do not moved it oh don't make it so
close I make it so close like
millimeters a cinch ah maybe we should
lower a little bit for you maybe like a
back handspring and then oh maybe a
triple triple tuck flip you got it
alright alright guys so I don't really
know what's going on today but you know
how it is usually when I get home we
have the family over we got all this
good food getting cooked up here these
are Brittany's specialties everybody
well especially my brother all he wants
her to cook in these everyday you'll be
happy yes eh yeah you see slice up these
potatoes and what you want to give up
your seat we've showed this in the ball
I know you slice them in thin slices
then she puts cheese and bacon all over
them but
fifteen minutes on each side and then
you put the cheese and bacon on just put
them in if you try them tell them to
stay there unbelievable awesome steaks
burgers hot dogs it's good to see you
guys man it is good to be home hahaha
you guys look really comfortable really
sunburned we finally got a day of Sun
here I know what you go for me
peppermint treats however my candy you
got him why it's good we all had some
stakin buggers look good how is it you
need some sauce get it get it oh I can't
believe you made my plate awesome you
stood there you go I'm gonna take it
this is the aftermath right here
are you happy she made I'm so happy I
mean you would think that we just cooked
food oh hey John walked into that what's
up buddy get to see how you doing
we are we not that you always gonna
smell it on the way I'm actually in
doing you kind of mean it for the Sun
tenderize you now you have to eat it so
I'm seeing you for a little while so I
think I think this is appropriate that
we you know get to start it off right
have you eaten go get some food man
what's available to eat is there
anything off limits like Oh gain is he I
can is off limit okay sir all good
can we batter up your shorty award yes
and tartar sauce I know it's a whale
which is a mammal but I feel like it
would taste like this so lately I'm a
little guilty of being a coffee drinker
I've never really been a coffee drinker
but lately the travel in the movement
trying to stay away from energy drinks
I've been drinking coffee all good stuff
now is out in smaller story they get all
the good stuff so I come in here and I
steal the coffee look look at this look
at this it's better than my house Kane
are you putting on your whip stick with
dude a Roman outlet original market
where's the dry-erase rotameter joke
physics deal mom where'd you get the
strawberries why are they in a jar like
that then you can't buy them in a jar
now you clean them and you cut them up
and I put them in a jar oh my gosh how
is it good
no it's nasty perfect eat your teeth get
right out teeth that are fair game whoa
don't waste it Oh rabbit how is it
he's speechless he's speechless sugar
rush Mahesh place the basketball
we're playing back okay no pressure dude
million people watching oh what's the
game what's the game would you bring me
pops
love it babe what is this entertainment
system
what he's dead would you bring me
tonight well when you blow is she in
there you offer with a stripper on it
touch me hi I got to do that stop that
ball hey stop
I stopped it I just love it when Roman
invites me over all right got water here
anything solid later huh it's gonna look
real nice next to the pinball oh yeah
I'm excited to see what this is are you
ready for the unveiling Syd let's see it
then come out very easy that's it push
ahead I see by your face what is that
cane a wheel oh
say it's like it's the party's make
coffee found chica where world and
invited EE and mr. Roboto ok the audio
knio knio knio knio knio knio knio knio
so I get the Bluetooth music
haha alright so everyone's kind of
leaving and headed out what's that day
I'll see it what you talking about is it
I'm just taking off oh she's taking a
steak I brought that from home that's
the thing in Erfurt um money call
somebody
alright I brought those from home I
brought half-eaten stuff from home
because I wanted to be a good guest and
you wanted to bring us snacks yeah right
cuz I what you forgot to take them out
buddy accent bases very sick chap I get
that I was cold
noggin that's cool dude I appreciate you
know what since Rudy ate and everything
once you gonna just take that home back
with you let me back to your place
fresh what do you mean what's in my
stuff I mean I think Matt must and you
got that alright guys we are warping
into such a beautiful night I'm so
thankful to be home and I really am I
got my fire here I got my dog he's beat
he is beat it's crazy that today well
maybe by the time you're seeing this the
prank goes live on my main channel and
I'm excited because it's just a fun
prank like it's a little different than
usual it's almost vlog style the way the
prank is done and it's just me full in
my bodies and just feel so good to do it
I had so much fun than I hope you guys
enjoy it just having some on the main
channel for you guys has been awesome
and uh it's exciting like I'm excited to
have partnered up with Scott to free and
just in an effort to show you guys how
the the toilet paper tubes that we use
have such a big impact on our
environment it is crazy
so when they first reached out to me
they wanted to they wanted to show you
guys they wanted to to get the message
out there just how many of those those
those little tubes in that toilet paper
we use and when I drove the car through
the wall each time that was sixty six
thousand tubes and the reason it was 66
it's crazy right and it's a crazy number
wise at 66,000 um it's because that's
how many toilet paper tubes the u.s.
uses in just about two minutes two
minutes so what I would like to do
tonight is show you guys
I see this a lot I see in the comments I
see it on my social media and that is
you guys explaining to me that what I
think may be boring you guys would like
to see so what I want to do tonight is
kind of and you guys also say like we
want to see more behind the scenes to
what you do in the pranks and the other
night when I when I tore down the whole
homeless movie theater you guys were
like why don't you show that like those
are things we want to see and to me I
was like that's this is just so boys
work I'm just going to tear this down
and we're gonna leave but you guys want
to see that stuff so tonight I wanna
have some fun I want to show you some
things that you would never have known
about this prank video that may be cool
so here's what we're gonna start there's
actually uh and I don't I don't even
think you know the sprit um are you
playing that game still freaking stuck
on this hard level so at the same time
we were pranking Logan Yousef and the
Dudesons we were also running another
prank that never made the cut because I
just thought it was too confusing and
the reactions weren't that gray and so
here's what what we did so inside that
warehouse that the car came through we
hosted an audition for a fake movie it
was like a casting call for like you
know come come to an audition interview
and while you're doing that casting call
you never told me about this I didn't
even tell you about so basically while
they're doing their audition in the
background is this car that comes
plowing through the building yeah so
sometimes in the pranks we're running um
there's more things happening that you
guys never get to see so let's get to
some reactions so this lady is doing her
audition or interview I don't know what
questions they were asking her honestly
and then me and Logan come plowing
through this warehouse so here it is for
a second for one second and then she's
like dang it la she's happy that
somebody just flew through a building
she didn't care at all okay this one's
not actually that bad and she was upset
with me afterwards so here is my belief
this is this
must be our second reaction so that
would be me and Fuu see there we go let
me focus here we go why she likes it
says a lot of negotiating she was really
shocked this is the best one I would say
oh really yeah she just got prey
yeah she had no idea Hey oh my god
she was genuinely worried I was and this
must be the Dudesons I never want to
have to fix this car I never did not
care at all this is my stunt girl and
stunt guys so they're like trying to
hype it up just don't care and my stunt
my stunt guy and girl were also trying
to like full the everybody that was
coming through the wall too so it was
like a big mess of stuff so so it's kind
of stuff a little more on the boring
side but that's like other things that
we try to do to make a prank even better
we add layers to it and I think in this
particular one it was more about me and
my buddies and me just fooling my
friends not really about the people I'm
interviewing so are they we're
interviewing so hope you enjoy the prank
it will go up around 6 p.m. today as
you're watching the 6 p.m. East Coast
time and just hit it for me you guys
know what to do show some love it's
really just a fun prank so thank you
guys I am going to rock my edit out here
tonight and just relax at this fire I
got my old shoes on old pants on I'm so
ready to throw my phone across
well baby we're not even inside we love
you guys so much thanks for hanging out
with the just a much-needed family day
we will see you tomorrow you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
