welcome to the blog guys how are you oh
man
hope you guys are having a wonderful day
we're just getting started here and I'm
bundled up more than ever it is super
super cold outside it's in the single
digits which yeah it's something that
used to I'm dry his holy crap that's
amazing we're on donkeys coming for you
are you gonna send it I have believe it
or not that is so fun Wow I got to do
that I've actually never been
snowmobiling in my life I've only driven
I think two in my life one being his a
couple nights ago
Wow those things are sweet the other one
I wrote when I was like a little kid so
I don't even really remember it but I
heard they are so much fun
Brian brought his over today dude we
gotta hook a sled on this thing
so you just draw to it just pull the
throttle in Oh God
oh my god
yeah
now um the right idea
you need a rope
oh god you're gonna stand up
there you go there you go
how bad
not gonna lie you look good in that coat
man this Green is your color boy yeah
look it should come Britt small more
store we also got she's done she's
wrapped in case you missed yesterday's
vlog the x3 has been fully smile moored
out in the black grey and white like
camo pattern yes another like camo
pattern it's like our own pattern but I
love it I like it so much just a super
super fun coming in you going woo my
flog I'm vlogging it's half fog half
vlog coming from me he just wanted to
come and say hi he missed you yeah
flashes just kept talking about you I'm
just coming to check on you missed you
out there it's nice and warm nice and
warm outside
oh he was checking up on me looks like
I'm ready to film a documentary about
penguins out there hey hey my
documentary that's never been done I
don't think what are you doing nothing
legit coming in just say hi we're gonna
drill the I see how thick it is hoping
everyone a solid six inches now yeah I
can't get enough I can't I love it huh
so birth getting caught up in the store
whole bunch of stuff that's going on in
there all good things and guys always
thanks for watching this vlog thank you
so much for being here being a part of
our home in our family you want a now
flash you don't and I'm yelling over
here I let you in I let you in here you
go boy like I was saying no thanks for
being here guys and be a part of just
this channel and what we do everyday
kind of laid-back today we're just kind
of hanging out we're checking the ice
right now and just going from there I
don't have any real plans at all thanks
how deep no way
eight we're bringing the GTR out here
that's awesome
make it big enough to dip our heads in
it that's that's what we should do
you got to dip your head all the way up
try on the wasteland searching for food
hoping either some fish at the bottom of
this noisy glacier we've been out here
for seven days cuz she's getting hungry
he's starting to eyeball me start
there's absolutely no food and
don't you start now what I'm gonna be
just fine dude that thing is D holy
smokes I bet you you should have just I
woulda lost 100% old country when I come
out here that it's at least probably
eight inches thick and I told him no I
believe is about eight and a half he's
good 500 now you gotta hit
yeah it's about four inch that's still
super thick it was eight to twelve you
but pickup trucks out here let me start
a suit
what's your arm all the way down in
there I see I see flesh you go you leave
me to come in here and cuddle huh do you
leave me that's all right yeah so I
think it on film today but it flush rode
with me in the x3 now for the second
time he sat in the passenger seat bottom
so took a ride with me it's so funny it
is awesome love that oh yeah little kid
looking outside when we're playing the
snow I want to play in the snow
I got Bryant just left and left the snow
is on the middle of the pond
it's just what are you doing the bear
watching the sunset oh no that's country
country so guess who's up again Korra's
up tell a friend
hi baby I don't think this looks right
here though looks a little funky not
sure if I'm diggin it but it's a cool
picture cool painting hey boy do you
want to make cotton candy yeah you want
to do it
No all right let's make some cotton
candy Cora is excited that you're
excited she's like what are you doing Oh
bro what you doin no room he's just
waking up from brillier fourth now today
what is this that you're not listening
feet yeah I'm sorry maybe okay
so King got a cotton candy machine make
her for Christmas and we haven't got it
out we were thinking tonight would be a
good night to try it you want to do it
and that again trying to walk him home
my little hello angel never make cotton
candy before never I don't even know how
the process works but it always looks
cool when people make it so let's let's
give it a shot boy Raj did a little
rocket ship you ready to check this out
I'll see it rip it rip it it works is
there's no returning it now because
girls like con kandi catch it well wait
maybe or maybe the girl for the boys
what is that it lights up really oh how
about some meat I want some meat so we
are like I said kind of a laid back game
today we're gonna hang out an attempt to
make Carlson cotton candy I don't know
how the process works so let's check
this out dig into the restrictions and
show Thank You Cora there you go look at
that face he's like huh
I mean the kids on the box look like
they're having mr. cheese it tastes like
that you're busted cheat oh man what is
that car
what is it baby girl but you just get
something you got a chunk of cardboard
and you want out I'm gonna take it out
whoo its frigid well it looks like I'll
now it looks like it's just you and Kane
on this one look at that can't use the
muscles yeah oh you might be out
mom are you growing cotton candy maker
how does it even work it's like
something from outer space cane this is
like I didn't touch it cane did it the
magic wand turned off Oh
SpaghettiOs are we looking at mommy how
are we doing from the kitchen not
included sugar colored sugar refill kits
available well we don't have any of that
scream booyah I'm so confused you just
turn it on okay all right it seems
simple all right seems simple core it
seems so simple so what do you have in
the spoon what is that just sugar that's
it
you just scoop it out of a package how
does that make cotton candy come on come
on it's trickery going on here she's
like she's like you need this sir should
I just hold on to it maybe you want my
cotton candy you dump the sugar in and
then you pour it in slow like a turtle
not like a rabbit and hopefully this
works yeah dump it dump it
apparently slow okay what's a turret
what would it turn how would a turtle
dump that think about it I just think
about like the first guy that made
cotton candy like how it was this an
accident or did somebody actually figure
this out it's crazy to me like cotton
blown away right now
are you serious
no you just make cotton candy out of a
scoop of sugar stop it stop it dude
you're making cotton candy cane cotton
candy cane oh my gosh the whole room is
cotton can't we just make Candy Land
it's candy land here I don't understand
how that just worked to just turn a car
they just turn to pellets of tiny little
sugar sand into string sugar string
that's all it did it converted it it's a
converter it's a sugar converter all
right is it tastes like cotton candy
oh my gosh you're eating a spiderweb
does it taste good let me try on each
other all right god what's that oh my
gosh it does look like hair dude it
melts right away
brothers cool looking a lot that's cool
oh you dropped your magic wand or did
tux take it tux
Knight you're old you guys are both up
to something there you go there you go
little girl
well now you want in what you do eat
your cardboard so imagine you go to the
fair or the festival how much cotton
candy they can make with just a bag of
sugar imagine how many things of cotton
candy you can make with that bag of
sugar and then they sell it for like
it's a lot cotton candies a decent
amount is it great you love it as well
that's a cool that was a cool gift I
like that sugar stakes sugar chicken not
a rocket I am NOT a rocket scientist we
all know that you I think you think I'm
I think you believe in you believe in me
so it's for the whorehouses continued of
course over there and reading the
instructions that's good so here's what
I'm guessing it just heats the sugar up
and melts it right and then it Slim's it
it throws the melted sugar and it dries
in the air and very fine little threads
that's that's how it works I believe in
you thank you so much I didn't Google
that if I'm wrong I'm wrong if I'm right
I didn't know how to clean it now he's
talking about them not not well game not
plug for I love you so much
you stealing me those girls surely
stealing my every thought she's in my
try names now last night in my dream
she's not only crawling okay she's in my
dream crawling right like a normal baby
crawls she's crawling on her back so
she's laying on her back and she's
crawling backwards and I'm just in my
dream I'm so excited like I'm just going
crazy
take it over my whole brain yeah but she
was like pushing on her feet like her
feet and then she would push on the
carpet over here so she would push
yourself backwards it's really not
important oh cheese cheese cheese cheese
cheese - cheese cheese yo that got me
hyper that sugars got me lit so over I
want to tell you guys about this right
now over on on the app cheese I posted
today it's like a little kind of like a
little trailer to the blog what I want
to do each day start putting up trailers
to each vlog every single day before the
vlog goes up so you get like a little
sneak peek of just maybe one clip maybe
an edited clip maybe it's just whatever
it is it could be like a highlight of it
could be like just a part of each vlog
we'll go up on my cheese account before
the vlog ISM it's kind of cool I don't
know I want to try it give it a shot so
this is what I put up today check this
out so this is my cheese this is my
cheese account right here and I put this
up today
like if you already saw yesterday's vlog
it's kind of too late you're like our to
see Matt but had you not seen the
vlogging that went up first I think I'd
be kind of cool you see like little
sneak peek of what I've done for the day
each day so I believe top of my
description my cheese actually if you
don't have cheese you have to download
it's free completely free it's a cool
app and just excited to try to like use
it and work with it and stuff like yes
so partnered up with them these guys
this this company in general have been
with us for a very long time and this is
their new app and we're excited to help
bring it to life to show our support to
them as they have shown to us and our
channel so we are hoping to see the the
app really explode and become the next
big thing and we're going to be posting
our stuff on there so that's the gist of
the top link of my description download
cheese it is free so you're out nothing
to just try and follow me on cheese and
you get that little demo trailers I'm
gonna give it a shot I think it'll be
cool and we'll put them up hopefully
maybe an hour before each blog so it's
kind of like a little flip it these two
could be my favorite thing in the world
right now actually I think it's safe to
say yo your face put it back oh my god
your face looks so crazy
it's scary actually I'm actually creeped
out I'm leaving now I'm leaving the
house oh don't worry Cora that is your
mother she's truly beautiful but in that
bottle oh gosh it's like a snapchat
filter but look up close like look yeah
that's normal
oh yeah completely normal okay let me
see oh I can see your cute freckles I
love your freckles but she really gets
tan tan or freckles come out it's like
my favorite it was so cute adorable Cora
your beautiful smile more something the
board now taking nothing out this time
you know take no you just wants to cool
down it's hot in here I got to go he's
starting to ride with me in in the x3
it's 84 in here honey it is hot
84 do that oh it just went no I just
changed a 73 on not even 30 seconds
you're out there maybe 45
it you've been fed you got everything in
the world you can't have cotton candy oh
I see I see what you want mash sit stay
no no boy sit nope
sit stay or lay no no no he has not been
trained day I didn't ask you to talk
back gain and talk some sense in your
dog boy he's over here he's over here
back talking shake shake alright sit
down sit down
just try this it's an easy one but I
promise it it's an easy one sit sit nope
okay good boy yeah you're so good good
boy
we have actually not trained clash to do
anything so I can't blame him it's kind
of my fault but it's not too late dogs
are very he's very smart no I think I
could train him pretty quickly if I
wanted remember Zeus I tell him to stay
anywhere I wouldn't even have to say a
word I can just put my hand like that
and he would stop right where he was and
you could hold position until I said it
was okay it was amazing but he went
through training so I love you I love
you baby
good boy stay na stay leave it
good let's just chat it out you were to
get bigger you were coming to this this
big crazy world are you ready I just
like I say these a lot to learn you got
a lot to do it it's all funny games
right now
you got no responsibilities you just eat
sleep poop sleep eat poop but a lot of
big things coming up for you little girl
young lady that's right you got once you
get bigger it's it's are you ready are
you ready for all that you may just dive
into this just dive in I'm gonna just
I'm gonna just get bigger is that what
you are
well just know that I will be here for
you the whole way through okay
ha well you don't believe me that was I
don't believe you had I've heard that
before
I love you I do I do
you want me you want to get out of here
come on let's go
that's what it is she wants the Hat hang
my hat Esther Esther she wants to take
the hat she's a happy you ready hold
onto it aah you took my hat get it
gotta get it I'm gonna make you work for
this one you ready no you can't get it
you can get this on aah
this is level 5 this is the bomb this is
the boss wave got it you got it you
gotta get it you can't get it you got my
head they we gonna ended psychobot oma
she looks scared kind of maybe I don't
know
thank you guys so much for joining us
today I you know I don't know if it's
any short blog long vlog ism now but it
is our vlog for today it's all we have
for you very laid-back very just catch
up down a couple things and yeah the
streets still gone we're rolling baby
thank you guys so much for joining us on
whatever we do we just can't thank you
enough
look at this look at - whoo
pleasure hey no don't put that thing on
me I don't know what that is
I got bugs we love you guys thank you
again and again stay positive keep your
head up don't let nobody take that smile
off your face
we'll see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind Mike I don't you
Mike
you
