I'm going home cuz miss my kids love my
girlfriend bread
yeah she's dish
we made it guys welcome to the vlog
check it out
check out the sunset between flying in
the time zone change we have just eaten
up almost our entire day time is evil
hope you guys are having an awesome day
I am like on cloud 9 going home to see
the kids Britney Zeus the house I just
want to be home with my kids my family
headed home right now and then I don't
know what to say we've kind of eaten up
our day so let's go let's start this
vlog and better late than never
I'm hyper I'm like hyper I'm high I'm
like school hyper like back when I was
like a kid in school hyper I get trouble
hyper 70Â° baby ok ramen just pulled it
over in a silly scream wait did he Park
ok
he's pulling in right now let's go are
you in a gallery you have a new boo boo
hide it I mean it has our room well with
all the pen marks band-aids shorts his
mouth looks pretty normal
roughed up ok Wow while we wait a
neighbor had got a package of our so
they just brought it in it these agility
ladders that I had gotten for like
working out so I'm going to show know
what it is you want to race me um just
like this mm-hmm all the way down on the
back pick up
okay let's see your right leg to root
each one over there and back okay ready
set go oh baby oh my ankle hurts okay
now we're going to hop through them to
can cut you're like I need to warm up
hey ready Zico I was gonna say now we
have to handstand through a misty
reaction
oh great minds think alike it looks like
a ladder yeah you can't do it cuz you
just got a new boo boo huh yeah well I
walked through like three or two oh
that's good oh my gosh
oh now that I'm sweating hello it's so
nice outside tonight it's probably like
70 degrees oh my gosh no of this candy
it's peppermint try it feel strong is it
like good you're supposed to open it
like this and that levites at your
finger but yeah like this so then it
told Trudy saying we have to get your
dad that would get me we got aunt duck
so good okay here's the video of aunt
duck
that's why I thought you would react I
could watch it over and over
oh you like that huh
all right keen good job honey
it came like not stopping good job all
right all right
row going down was toxic Wow hey guys
wants a hug not me give me a hug
next you got a new boo boo okay no that
means mommy
oh man Kim's got a broken leg welcome
home here mommy come here mommy always
ooh spy or mystery oh and I can't even
breathe Oh alcohol from the silly string
nut oh oh so is Ephesus does we also got
you some candy what is this mean that we
I'm here try this
that's what I got in my mouth who's not
whoa oh my god is it word dude and duck
completely threw it across the room and
scream I can't oh my god it's the best
invention a fan sent it to us I don't
I'm not sure who oh you gotta find out
who sent us this no we were trying to
open now and get through some stuff
downstairs and organize it and Kayla who
works at her store that's pregnant
opened it and screamed and we all in the
basement everyone screamed and she said
I peed my pants
show me fine you guys trashed my little
camera
yeah do you just decide what you do okay
guess it go okay I'll keep track what
you're doing really close
did you miss me did you miss your ball
thrower the best ball throw in the whole
world
well it was a nice welcoming home little
man and laugh the whole time that's all
right
so he's gonna clean this up huh trying
to earn some money
oh so you're gonna spray me and earn
money to clean I don't think it's our
words bring up we got to find the one
who went farthest the the crazy string
I'll stay right here yeah I moved over
here it's so oily like it's like it's
oil
I'm scared haha okay wait you have to
each hand or you go 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
I let's try it again because like I are
confused I try to do each one is so
distracting well this does not think
that's normal
let me try it without the load
you can go all the way without the
ladder don't put a hole in the wall
bless you bless you
flash you that's so weird I can't hit it
I can go across no problem
both the ladder messes with me oh wow
good job oh you in really far all right
little monster let's see it you straight
look like the predator you knocked your
teeth out Hey and now you got this you
ah smile and cross your eyes oh boy give
me five dude you're a champ I think I
think I think me and mommy were more
freaked out than you were you didn't
seem to care at all Zeus
we don't even act like you missed me
dude I'm just like I cannot wait until
daddy gets he turned in Oh momma's
mama's boy oh it's so beautiful out
another bed to put in my office I missed
you guys so much time to buy a watch
seriously I need the time wait why we
come out oh you guys expanded Oh
to blog so bad this whole from here all
the way over there all the way here is
12 pallets of new shirts nice
it's looking good in here man we're
filling up it's like we got orders
orders orders why are these all empty we
are waiting on the new design to come
oh nice watch Kane's office he kind of
took over oh look at your desk dude he's
got a game I'm gonna put the Xbox there
there's gaming and then the Blago
station to keep them busy
Lego station gaming station I'd say this
is your office
alright guys white or black on camo tank
tops white or black oh that's tough
decision hmm I think though I don't know
the way it does kind of look good
hey morning wait did you see it dude
yeah what's it called it's the space
station you should be moving at 9:26 or
people are actually living up there and
you can see it what time is it right now
is 924 all right we're out here looking
for a space shuttle Space Station
you think Kane's because it's buzz like
tonight's the only night you can see it
okay I'm gonna put this I'm gonna put
this in the picture so you can see how
fast this thing's actually moving that's
it right there
right it's so bright on camera okay
there it is see up look at its movement
it's almost out of the picture already
that's cool you were right definitely
not a plane because planes up yeah they
flicker they have lights
you tell your science teacher that was
Buzz Lightyear all right hey you got gym
stuff down sit man how long have I been
gone
you guys just completely change the
whole place hey little guys I know they
missed me check them out they just
follow me everywhere oh I haven't fed on
that's probably why I got you guys I got
you just build a little workout area hey
we should do a whole room of these you
just bounce everywhere yeah
98 99 hundred good job pretty cool guys
we should get exercise you're staying
physically active soos he's mad at me I
think he acts like a he acts like I'm
not even here
so Stan Bok give your ball dude oh just
come here Susie
he's being a punk look you left one too
many times I'm gonna feed my fish so
unfortunately we have burnt up so much
today traveling and blah blah blah we I
not me the universe you blaming me so
long wait you don't like that let me
hear it again
of course it silently we probably just
the first thing wait what happens it'll
be stew and I walk out oh I think I'm
just gonna fall asleep right here oh my
back
sound like me yeah you're taking my
place oh my back hurts my legs after I
get the wind knocked out of me before
it's what it feels like now no no you
taught oh no no that is the worst
feeling and I remember my friend Eric
threw a baseball and it hit me right in
the back cuz I turned not to get hit and
it just knock ya means Oh what I'm
saying is like after like an hour after
it felt like old painful and cramp
cramped that's kind of what it feels
swollen workouts even those handstands
hours a week - jime Joey yeah I missed
you man
sincereiy love me yet soon as you ignore
me
mm-hmm hmm Kobe Oh
sleep awesome did the man I missed you
so much I love you
hey little monster you've been sleeping
here all week you've been sniffing
beside me all week actually so if I'm
not here actually okay this is what it
is when you're not here we start like
this and then his head goes there and
his right here and then his heads down
here his feets up here and I wake up to
his feet and I flip around and then it's
all over again
no does mommy sleep in daddy's spot when
he's gone yeah sleepy Oh Jane did you
paint your nails cuz that really looks
like your hand hey it does look like it
from there
my face broke out so bad - one two three
Visser three four five well guys that is
going to do it we just burn up this day
so fast tomorrow will be a fun
completely fun full day at the out word
house and I'm just looking forward to it
so much we're gonna get some sleep
start early have a full long vlog
tomorrow and uh
yes it thanks for coming home with me
and welcome to Ohio
see you tomorrow we love you you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more you know as I was touring with my
movie and promoting the movie and going
to cities and premiering the movie I
thought to myself how often do the
homeless in the cities get to see a
movie with dinner and drinks so guys
after months of thinking about this and
planning this and $16,000 later I made a
homeless movie night check this out
