I love that you have your fanny-pack IV
don't be Elfi hey you know my fanny pack
you look awesome what will you do
are you come on this is hot this is the
new thing baby
you better get in line I learned one
thing today there is no snooze button on
lawnmowers them guys were up at the
crack of dawn mowing all the grass at
the resort did you hear him it was lack
look here's one right there
you guys ready for an adventure today
yeah dude we're going to us 20 dollars
for every dollar you see every Sark we
see this every encounter hey let me
going rubber sharks in there you about
to go on a serious adventure man I hope
you guys are ready here we go here we go
thank you I want to see a shark and you
can see a shirt so bad take me the
sharks I'll give you 20 bucks if I see a
shark you serious I'm dead serious
what's the deal the deal right there
shake on it oh we're gonna be on every
shark you see No
that's Barracuda that's not sharks that
is not a shark you love it so bad I only
take a little bite out of you don't mind
that shot I did this I bet he tested it
cut me barely touched it Jeff the shop
was a shark here you know if you get to
the hospital they might be able to sew
that back on well they were beautiful
fish man
I like Barracuda that was they always
follow us while we snorkel they're
curious fish that's all yeah they're
curious I like jewelry I'm gonna play
yeah yeah chicken cut your finger
looking
that's awesome
Wow
I don't know I'm just gonna go you ready
all right if I gear wheel not to do some
snorkeling and some swimming you ready
no oh there is Kane
that was pretty awesome man you're just
gonna swim back my cousin
fish were nibbling hush already you see
me down there it's the sail the ground
of this tada thanks I did sail I just
caught the reference the boats dead the
boat won't start
it's not like a mini Gilligan is it look
someone took a number two too hard in
the crime start the whole wind amount if
it makes you feel better I've never been
stranded out at sea man this is kind of
a cool experience
yeah that's that extra 20 bucks I was
gonna give you yeah I'm about your
battery we have I've area when you drunk
Oh nobody Malinda a massage take that
wire off we brought a little jumper with
try it it's got the spot it's got the
mounts okay - yeah we got some wires
really hungry
oh this is not the time to go potty oh
good you need about stainless steel you
played something else that thing that's
a way you make a handle we got
everything working against a hard night
and that's too rotten - this is exactly
on the baby's life why wouldn't he have
a knife on a Bono all right serious
question you getting this serious
questions horse flare gun
only one I'm worried about this side
that's it this is popping in oh he's got
to work in other words the only one
that's weak
Kevin wire may just trim it back a
little more just shove it in there all
right we have skipped two wires off the
boat let's do this let's go
yeah 50/50 shot we got 50/50 show you
this really is like a movie but hey you
can't plan this eight fifty fifty I got
two keys that look alike on my key ring
never get the right one oh it's Reb you
ever plug the USB cable in right the
first time
right never ever never it's always
always upside like like it down okay
yeah we got cuddling the fire
extinguisher yeah yeah oh I'm serious
easy themselves up there we go wait yes
Oh backwards just oh no that was
backwards
all right smoke trim it and we'll flip
it up ah okay Jack you ready here we go
here goes nothing right so or nothing
voila something the main I have this
dumb cuz it go ahead barn hole oh
come on it's hot
oh yeah it's gonna be suppose that's a
lot of motor and this is a diva's let it
sit on there it's a diesel it takes two
batteries to fire a diesel you can let
it set on there first
oh yeah yeah let it soar just like I
don't know what he did push is not
enough I forgot it was a diesel lesbian
Oh God
looks like we're sleeping out here
tonight Caine fantastic
megha jumper here we are day three
momdad day were out there hunt for food
you guys got to bring us back something
we're starving up here
I'm confident they're bringing us some
food guys oh man he's hurtin you okay
down there man
don't jump overboard man we're gonna get
through this
there's our rescue boat people we're
going home I don't know what he's he
gonna hook us up and pull us is they're
both guys oh my god we're glad to see
that battery here we go snorkel snorkel
snorkel and mask so the tool they threw
in the air tails off to go get it
through your for maintenance man hey
guys so of course the tool they threw
fell in the water don't be one mess no
movies this couldn't go any better
Oh
all right guys made it back safely
you're back we're about to leave and I
got two things that I want to capture on
the vlog as a natural reaction so honey
two things number one I just took the
first shower since we've got the Bahamas
that's like two or three days right
number two and this I want you to pay
attention number two and the last two
blogs that have netted up in one tank
top and when I lift my arm it looks like
I have a teddy bear that I'm smuggling
up under my pits so I just took your
scissors that were in the bathroom and I
cut my armpit hair so disgusting it's
better than having Teddy rocks bent up
under my arms you look like you want to
kill No
all right well you're no you ready my
man he gonna put that in there yep
with this yep okay try to do my hair for
the first time in like days I'm wearing
a hat every day my nozzle is gone off of
my hairspray so I've been squirting it
into my hand and then rubbing into my
hair I know I know so this is the best
we get dude you look awesome love it
yeah
tropical baby man everybody's looking
better than me tonight that's for sure
loving that shirt man Wow welcome to the
island the size of this ship my gosh
our time which is so much your extra
life yeah camera doesn't do justice
what's that sign say fishing sanctuary
dangerous shorty the most I'm allowed
allow shark feeding no swimming allowed
you may see some big sharks come on whoa
look at that beast oh he's awesome okay
we should get one of those for our fish
tank
Dale's dropping a 360 camera into all
that they're coming up yeah but I built
the fish felt a fish about the felt a
fish all you gotta do is drop one thing
in there we gotta wait for food just
wait alright let's let's pull it up stop
the recording and then going there
always is gonna be awesome these giant
sharks in the water the owner just came
out and he's like sir that's not allowed
he thought we were fishing he thought we
had a hook and everything on yeah yeah
yeah crab cake that is a crab cake you
want to try it
you're gonna rig it up we're gonna rig
it up we just bought a bucket of fish
hey hey damn her Jess you should ring
the bell Wow look at him you got to get
him over by the camera dude that's a
whole fish Wow keep your camera and keep
your camera in get it all man the sick
the awesome or what
try to hold it oh just check it out your
Jambo get it in now this is gonna be
above oh man
absolutely beautiful and this is grouper
all right go for the mock which runs
that why am i okay
tastes like chicken oh really spicy go
for the grouper not bad man
look at the size of this ship just right
through here Oh
one last feeding before we go he's going
out on a Ledge we went in walk in now
we're wobbling I'm a little heavier and
I was crazy bugs out tonight I had a big
bug on me what is that I saw big black
bug I got it I got him it's this mommy
won't come over here it's right by you
Conrad you didn't even see it and I hold
it right there hold it right there guys
he's cool who wants to see him you wanna
you want to hold him who wants the hole
down there put your hand out love you
pinches no you won't pincher not on his
I hold it like this you gotta do it the
right way
very gently very gently gently there you
go
everybody smile more looks good baby
alright guys what a day what a day this
is like my ending spot here at this trip
this is right in every vlog thanks for
hanging out with us today what a great
fun day you guys have a good time man I
had yeah like many many many thumbs up
much fun when we were on the he just
wants to eat at bedtime that's why I
think being stranded out in the ocean
with you guys was a lot of fun so we
love you guys thanks for hanging out we
will see you tomorrow we're having such
a good trip just as a family in general
all of us together is uh you know it's
perfect will you see you guys tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
