hey guys welcome to the vlog we have a
crazy awesome fun day lined up look at
these guys man
pulling out the big guys today this is
you know this is overkill for what I do
right you had to bring the best cameras
we have one up the last twist
Oh got better stuff today if you missed
yesterday's vlog I will be wrecking this
beautiful BMW i8 through this good job
Joe
good job Joe you are so good at what you
do man this is where it's really good
this is the garage door look at this
thing
but it's unbelievable you guys can't
believe the amount of safety that has
gone into this crazy idea of driving
through this wall of toilet paper tubes
and it's so crazy this is what's your
name I'm Lisa Moyles liesl avoid a
brought Lisa here to protect me here my
yeah here my bumblebee
yeah but she was here a Knightley's what
did you do on parts of the Caribbean
every time you see her with a sword you
were there you really were that is
awesome
such a good I love that movie so we've
done all the safety for this today but I
have to go pick up people in the most
dangerous city to drive in by myself in
this car Christian so I'm gonna be in
direct contact with you yeah when I make
the pickup I'm going to make a quick
call you're gonna you have my laptop I
left at the airport whatever let's make
up a story yo you have it I'm working
out of the warehouse I have it with you
Oh awesome I'm with blah blah blah now
I'll just drive over and get it perfect
boom we end up here accidentally drive
through the wall easy breathing all
right let's go get our first victim I'm
out it's time to things that make this
video difficult number one I blogged
yesterday which shows what I'm doing
today so I have to hold that one I can't
upload that vlog until I pull the prank
otherwise there is a slim chance
that the people I'm pranking will see
the vlog so I have to hold it so if the
vlog went up yesterday I apologize for
that but it's all to make sure this goes
perfectly today so here's how it's all
going to work and I think it's a pretty
genius idea because let's face it my
friends don't trust me anymore nobody
trusts me everything's a prank
everybody's getting set up so today I'm
in LA and I've told him yo I got this
cool car let's set up the vlog camera
and just make a fun vlog we can do a fun
interview you can promote whatever's
coming up for you get exposure you get
to hang out in the vlog and we have fun
which drive around LA that's all great
and that's that's super believable
because that things I actually do the
only difference is it's gonna end with
us driving through a garage I think it's
great and my friends believe it and why
wouldn't they believe it it's real
that's that yeah I'll pick you up and
we'll just vlog it's perfect that's
perfect I'm so excited
yo what's up oh whoa what do you think
yeah this is my dream car no it's not I
swear to god said that about the GTR no
this is this is what so Gillian and I
ate you want to drive it we let me join
this car yeah let's take a right let's
go Blagh court oh it's too futuristic
for me how do you shut off shut off way
them doors
Logan blow what's up buddy they're good
to see you man yeah I'm just like
absorbing you like it it's weird
no I was excited but it's weird to drive
it actually is why it's delayed like
it's not it's like you got it doesn't
punch no no I think it'll get us it's
just gonna listen
oh you're not school cane Falls this is
terrible story like they already know it
makes you cringe um so he falls uh you
know the metal rim on the trampoline
yeah false teeth first no it took not
its friggin teeth uh oh yeah poor guy it
was off I have a similar story really I
have a metal plate in my head or if you
can see this alright yeah - you're so
beautiful god I thought I know right so
they went in and made your face hit it
is not a metal plate right here they fix
the left side of my face in which oddly
night I hit my head on the side of a
trampoline man no I swear hey no we're
like brothers no way yeah yeah oh my god
you're the man dude holy crap I actually
just picked up on Logan and we're just
cruising maybe I just head there cuz we
don't really have anywhere to go we was
gonna cruise around Hollywood
dude I lost my laptop at the airport
Christian just no no okay okay I'm gonna
come there can you send me the address
you're the man all right see it my god
my whole life is here you gotta learn
howdy wife I done that twice why it's I
don't know where I'm going I'm
delivering life's news where are you uh
where is he
I don't know I don't know where's that I
mean he must be somewhere nearby
no you're speechless I'm speechless we
came in fast I'm dizzy
my eyes I feel like we're going both
ways it's like you think we can park
here we just that was awesome good and
the whole blood thing words right cuz I
don't know how to get you like I knew
just the vlog would be it man it's the
second time second time it's like I know
you're a prankster what am i doing well
it was worth look how beautiful that is
look at that dude good news got my
laptop ro yeah I'm glad you guys are
laughing about ramen that's just great
that's just great
all right ma'am so what do you think
about what not the car the car the car
stop the cars no are you still cooking
up or what I'm just uh yeah a little
floor hello
I'm just upset on myself like why why
did I not it was good the second time
that but the setup was so good that was
really good everything came out of my
mouth you believe you plant the seeds
he's like yeah man cars in a little
delayed that make sense when you like
Florida good it was so fun man so just
check your total osmolytes up like
what's he doing here like I know it's
probably shooting something are you good
sport goods for you can get mad about
that you know if I hear was the airbag
blew up and destroyed your beautiful
face oh my god
like I didn't cuz what dark there's like
that 10 feet of dark yeah you don't know
what I didn't know what hap I didn't
either
I was in the blown you guys either get
the camera with Wi-Fi when we went in
just were under comes
did boy that was a lot of fun thanks for
being a good sport stop beating me up
man you're getting beefy I know hey hey
I'm getting a little weight muscles up
I'll see you uh 29th fish I'll see ya
that went so good it was so fun man I
love you stuntman maybe that's that's
what I'm gonna start doing start stuff
stunning stunting yes stunts hotrod you
know what I love so much about this bit
is that everybody truly believes and
it's so believable that we're just
walking we're gonna make a vlog in this
car what up you like it what is it is
sweet as is hell you know I guess yeah
weird is it drys weird - it's been like
it's real filling why didn't people oh
no I just thought it was different every
I never driven one before so I figured
let's do fun like cruise vlog to LA it
was weird I could get drone shots for
you I have my drones I can use them how
long I'll like fly over the car like
while we're like that'd be cool like
while we're talking like I'll have the
drone over the car so it looks like you
driving in the car no no I thought of
doing anything about it no you have to
dodge like traffic lights and stuff I
did that when I get my car revealed
video let's get all wait no he just
picked up off fousey so I don't know how
much time how much how much time you
have like a half hour I'm good how are
you have time yeah awesome okay I'm
gonna come pick it up I'm gonna come
pick it up take text me the address like
we should do carpool karaoke
car pool area what is that I'm on that
one late night show they always do it
and then one like Jennifer Lopez did it
saying yeah together what are you saying
you've never seen Carpinteria mop duct
up stop Hansen oh I know him since um
his palms are sweaty knees weak arms are
heavy
come on Anna's letter already mom's
spaghetti he's nervous but on the
surface he looks calm and ready to drop
bombs but he keeps on forgetting what he
wrote down the whole crowd goes so loud
he opens his mouth but the words won't
come out he's choking how everybody's
joking now the clocks run out times up
over bloah that's where you drop the mic
he fuzhi is dying to go this is Kobe
Bryant's last game of his life his
career all right so tickets are insane
we're trying to actually go to the game
tonight the Lakers every time I've went
they've won so maybe I'll
does nothing with Kobe it's me they have
the worst record yeah a fake history so
it doesn't matter if they win today
every time I go they say that this game
is gonna be terrible but they win every
time so it's me I'm the reason they win
that's fine
like people have to hit it I used to
bounce to your channel and I've gotta
see what Fuzzy's up to and I'd be like
54 minutes long like I have to take
intermissions I have to feed my kids I
did grocery shop Oh
takes me a week Oh buy time I finished
one you got six more oh my god that was
big this I was good I blacked out when I
mean we all black no that was the cones
actually covering the window that black
this out no like I legit like you've
lost myself so this is a double prank
this guy's doing an interview for real
he has no idea about what's happened
thought to happen oh really yeah I
cheated that brain yeah she had no idea
Hey
so she's going through talking about
where she likes to shop and what kind of
car she has and well oh my god
holy crap
she was genuinely worried damn Cory's on
my her there is never in history been
that many toilet paper rolls on top of a
BMW loving that and ya got time for one
more today with the time we have in its
soar to get anywhere in this town I have
a lot of great friends in this business
people that I've got to work with I've
been honored to be able to work with I'm
now going to try to get to of some of my
favorite dudes in the world these guys
are so awesome you know who they are
hopefully I can pull this one off I've
been pretty good today I've done really
good today
look how beautiful the street is yo yo
yo are you killed my car dude are you
driving a microwave
you gotta plug it in everything I locked
myself in it maybe whatever that means
good luck getting in here you guys have
to squeeze in kievans
beautiful I'm sure you got it just
wouldn't be a normal blog without
there's one scene right yeah why if you
have it open pretty sure we can try it
because we will both have to open
wow you ticked outer ring is that shelf
of a gorgeous yeah I think so yeah you
this thing yeah I pushed like nine
buttons even drive this thing that's
like it just it's like flying a plane
you know that's why I prefer the old
American Muscle you
you know my like 69 charger like a long
or a roadrunner yeah when I need a road
runaround need a Cadillac pink Cadillac
that's too stylish one dirty
you got a gold muscle like Camaro or
something like that yeah that is one the
cop cars got to go yeah score is gotta
go we got less than a month before we
destroy it less than one I told everyone
that you guys would be there we'll be
there
so we need to make it happen we need to
figure it out you make it a big
spectacle we have already a pre awesome
idea but if you guys want to leave some
ideas please do and I think you guys
agree the cop car must go it's gotta go
exit lot of people wanna keep it so I
don't know if you guys are completely
aware but Kane lost two teeth and you
know I don't have to say this but it's
your fault well well we did say that
he's an honorary doodsen I think it took
exactly see you guys came he saw how you
guys acted and then he face-first
himself into a trampoline Pole
that's the Dudesons like it has to be
from you guys not me he's well on his
way to become a daredevil I love that
good job Kane I mean that's what young
kids to shop around bums around he not
care we're all like over worried parents
like oh my god he's not getting new
teeth for two years
he's gonna look so good flare in it for
the next two years literally credible
with the mall hog with no teeth it's
gonna be a badass Britney's up for
Halloween he's got to be a hockey player
let's go I live for oh sorry part break
that the airbag didn't fall because it's
supposed to blow up gosh it does that
was the risk I was willing to say I
wanted it now that I'm thinking I wanna
get a shot but they're bad Wow look at
on mom's oh I love it
go play in the cones boys no up you just
made my day
that's what I live for it is why every
diet this one every day should be like
you know what I said I said I'm gonna
fall a prank the Dudesons in a car like
you guys did to me and all you did was
laugh I did peed my pants at one day
exact birthday
bye I honestly thought when I stopped I
thought it was down here
right nope I'm only here when I saw you
get on and I'm like oh he's coming in
hot
I put it in sport mode nice but it
didn't do anything didn't do anything it
just you came out grazie brother
that's a dudeson parking that's what I
did today I learned out on the car dude
since not 10 fine star big ups for
McCain losing a few fun for the daddy
chameleon parked car that's right you
guys happy this is a lot of the team
that was involved in making sure this
happened thank you guys for the
opportunity
friggin awesome go toilet paper
but this is a lot of fun and definitely
a good experience got my friends so good
it just feels good to be done to once
again man
thank you I'm sure we'll see each other
soon and you know it's gotta get bigger
gotta it's gotta go what is this nothing
this little man small small potatoes
well step it up step it up
love you man thank you your whole crew
is amazing of all time to say goodbye to
this beauty and you guys I get to take
it out tonight you need to learn are you
driving this day haha very very very
very productive day man good job we are
headed to crazy enough Kobe's very last
Lakers game this is like it's like
history in the making it's like for the
record books
I saw seats going for thirty thousand
dollars a piece
I'm not sure who does that but
everybody's got their thing alright it
is absolute mayhem
yo wait up
he's so excited yo I got a P and I'm the
little sports icon but also Easter
greatest the word of purple and go look
I told you right
yeah we're like
no harder
ah
aha
whoa
one boy one boy
you know I can't believe how fast when
you use with my office is great this is
absolutely great and
you standing here saying fuck you guys
if my teammates behind and you gotta
appreciate those you'll get you another
one yeah we met throughout this one
dance and God I think the most important
ones that we all stay together
it's almost painful what you used to try
to get a shot with Tanya
he's right there just say one picture
ultralight beam come on all right guys
warping past the mayhem and what a crazy
awesome night dude I did not expect
seeds like that pussy got his picture
with Tanya dude I took a selfie with
Kanye we get wet easy easy easy
hey that's like mmm - Roman we all have
people that inspire us and we look up to
and Kanye -
tifosi is like the top so it was really
cool to seen get that pic thank you bro
what I was rooting for it I said one
ideal I worked so hard for the guys
working back to fou C's place dude by
the way thanks for letting me stay here
this is nice man that bed downstairs yo
you know what just moved yet live here
but I live here live here I'll just
bring the kids and Bret I don't need to
move out Anna Leigh you imagine Zeus one
lick that dog could be gone we are
wrapping today man would it yeah I don't
even remember what I did today I got up
so early I filmed all day you got
pranked
Oh what to say i sweared it on
everything I don't even remember you
pranking me it was it feels like days
ago yeah not remember you drinking at
all I don't know how it feels in the
vlog but I feel like we got a really
long video today we just worked all day
and then we went to the Lakers game good
call
what do you want me to boy you're peeing
I'll potty train thank you thank you
thank you guys for hanging out
short blogs long blogs boring vlogs fun
vlogs you're always here support and I
can never thank you enough for that we
will see you tomorrow thanks for all the
love and support your one-of-a-kind
beautiful smile
in the Iron Man I start the flask Thank
You ja good job buddy
good job big boy I can't believe you
think that it's a dice Oh
