whoa that's cold
hey oh my god I just want to start the
blog yeah welcome to the first day of
our Atwood vacation it's our first full
day here well gain a shout out here here
maybe two there you go there's one
sounds like pretty serious thing going
on here the only shell sorry there's mom
and the kids doing some kind of
scavenger hunt she's gone reason I don't
know what to say about mine we haven't
planned any activities or anything to do
I think you got enough on there yeah my
god it's torture
use your hands no you gotta use your
hands no I'll be slipping my weight it's
yeah it's so cool gang you ready have
some fun I love your little raft
basketball net really have a plan
anything today this is our first full
day here so we're probably just gonna
spend it here on pool beach snorkeling
whatever we can do basketball
but did you do the scavenger hunt is it
still going on Oh what would you get you
got second oh good job Dale hey you
little punks he died holding his nose
that's good dude
I like how you protected your nose even
though you were dead ready
bonk I don't know baby so really a gym
back here huh Oh baby look at that water
oh are you going to the gym for here we
are
it's that somebody else is in here oh
you need are you really gonna do this
way now do you have fun with this
I'm packing me in the pool gonna Beach
but you kids I love you I got to give a
little credit to Brittany she has been
working so hard exercising and just
doing her thing I'm proud of her I
really AM it's hard to get in there it's
just showing vacation she still wants to
do that not me man
I'm in this pool yesterday crap ton of
problems with my GoPro I got this little
guy never ever used it in my life I'm
gonna test it out
supposedly it's fully waterproof so I'm
gonna switch over to this right now -
first time ever using this camera you
want to take it in
oh really good paper good
Hey
okay here we are test in this camp ah
one thing that I noticed right off the
bat I got sunscreen on the lens and it
will not get him cane get him Jeb fun as
awesome is the first test with this
camera guys obviously tell me what you
think I'm gonna switch over to the vlog
camera right now so it's probably pretty
hard to compare any underwater camera
when you're switching back and forth
from the nice blog camera because that's
better audio probably and to even have
audio on an underwater camera is awesome
because once I put this camera in a case
there'll be no audio so it'll be music
only so it's kind of cool to have audio
and underwater all in the same thing I
love that they are so adorable
daddy's teaching his boys how to skip
rocks so cute
fourth just throw
it's your face smiley face this is my Oh
more that's funny
taking a walk down this beautiful beach
look at this how awesome is that that's
like something you seen a calendar
there's another one just laying around
another smile they just happened to be
there away I was with you smile more
calendar yeah that's pretty it's my
favorite part cuz you can't get to the
other beach without walking through the
water it's like being on an adventure
all day imagine this is your sidewalk to
your house play that oh my god I'm not
gonna lie guys I could probably sit
right here all day and not move it's
just so freakin breathtaking beautiful
here man I don't know what to say
if you ever learn anything from me if
you ever take anything from these blogs
one thing I'd like for you to take is
the importance of family you can have
everything in the world you don't keep
your family close I guess what I'm
really saying is that once you have kids
you have a family you realize how silly
everything else in life is everything
becomes so silly because the only thing
that becomes so important is your
children that's exactly what I got man I
love you buddy
there's no all the way out there they
got lunch up here yeah red snapper and
conch salad whoa look at this
without that out you can get that well
that's awesome we got to do that
I think the picnic table is sunken into
the sand almost completely that is
awesome
oh yeah hey hey little flower huh they
got fish fish fry right here I've been
waiting to do this all week she's faking
the rock Johnson Oh
thank your hair with my mouth check this
out
can you see this oh you're mad cause I
beat up mommy I got him back don't worry
look at this thing
I'm so excited about this jacket now oh
you guys ain't never coming back they
look at it oops that is awesome
get the giant water tries it's super
effective
all right breaking out the underwater
camera again look at all these fish no
problem not a fart
palm over not gonna lie guys you guys
know if you've been watching a long time
then I've always told you I'm going to
in my life on an island one day I hope
our life oh not in my life I want to
finish my life what I have left on an
island one day that's always been my
goal and it's tough how is it cool if it
had like a ten horsepower Briggs and
Stratton motor don't let you do just
about anything here in the Bahamas but
for some reason on this boat life vests
yeah and we're in two and a half feet of
water is that where you're riding yep
just drag it oh hang on hang on it looks
so crazy if you go on underneath ready
can let's do it pull this here Brett
sorry
ready guys ready back here
all right here we go let's pedal pedal
pedal pedal pedal so steer that way
Franny Franny Franny this is awesome
you better grab on you gotta grab on
yeah look how clear this water is
Brittany and eyes the motor canes the
driver and the kids they're the anchor
oh you're helping this is the exact
example of paradise
not just this this all of this right
here good up here boy all right
look at that look how trusting look how
trusting what's out trained it's cuz
birds of a feather flock together
Oh hit him with the deep stuff yeah come
on get it you need to get more in this
hair
quit the watch the watch get you some
laughing they cooking away food on its
patients no make them too much oh I knew
it
I feel like a New York City sidewalk
well the local birds are pretty friendly
here man if they eat up my foot
alright guys you ready to handle this
this is the new version of Roman here
ready take that that's right guys I got
me a fanny pack
a hands-free now my hands-free bloggers
look oh I need the underwater camera no
problem here you go
not so fast oh you need the room key
no problem baby right here ah man's room
ready to travel where you want to go
let's go what do you guys think can I
pull it off
grandpa would love it I mean everybody
staring at you but okay I walked by a
bunch of women earlier and I was like I
see you checking out my fanny pack and
they were like old tattoos fanny pack
what'd she say Oh what I put a real bad
okay
honey you ready see that I mean it's
actually hot out right holy cow so after
that last clip of me with my awesome
fanny pack little Dale my brother's kid
came up out of the pony must have
probably had his eyes shut he overshot
came up clipped his head on the poor em
and their shark blood just starts
pouring the whole tweet all this John
says look yeah yeah you got some Sun boy
so we just he's just now in his room it
came in took a little break he's fine
thank God like it was so scary
well I didn't vlog any one film that
he's a beast he's a beast like I thought
he would have been crying for an hour he
was just sitting there like all calm and
yeah worst part is yes he was bloody all
over and it was nasty but he took the
whole wall of the pullout the walls gone
he is okay no stitches the medic came
and he's good but no one I just came
back in everyone's kind of took a break
for a second so yeah that's where we're
at right now where oh where has my day
gun it's going away tomorrow we'll play
there's an eagle ray oh my gosh you
didn't plan this obviously
what is that a pickle
oh it's your song cane hey boy you
better get back here you better get back
here boy town the tide the tide is low
now check it out
you guys see all the stars we're that
well our day is already winding down we
need flashlights dude we can find crabs
crab hunters you guys can burn the last
of your energy of the day I know ready I
want to punch you right here come over
here okay ready
shadow punching that looks so real okay
coming back to the room Dale's my
brother's favorite chip in the whole
world I don't know if it's his favorite
chip me and dales like joke
they always joke around about it cuz
they both try to eat decent and this
they're always joking about so you got
it back four down just we're gonna leave
it at their door which Dale won't even
eat it
but it'll be funny yeah I don't think
they'll need a chip for six months no
six months no chips that's crazy
who does that he said he might have a
couple on big
did not
who goes there
it was kind of a fail it's more of an
inside joke on that anyways oh oh it's a
delivery guy
no like hottie you need a party with
some aloe vera it's cool whack whack
whack whack whack you taught me all
right guys that's quite a good spot to
end this vlog we will see you tomorrow
thanks for hanging out with us again our
Atwood family vacation beautiful day so
much fun need some sunscreen first fold
in already somewhere yeah you don't look
I mean you look more red on camera than
you actually are
I bet but tomorrow you being nice nice
light tan hey chip away we love you guys
so much don't forget how important you
are you are one-of-a-kind
you're beautiful smell got about 40
minutes to kill this is how we're doing
it oh we hit the wall we got a turn your
hands smell like pickles is that what
you just said
that guy's got a poop real bad
