no like a little pot
Oh
show me what you have like this
hey guys welcome to the vlog welcome to
New York City New York busy this place
that you can't get anywhere we are New
York City for the Shorty Awards tonight
uh nominated for comedian of the year on
YouTube and I guess the shorties is
pretty much like the Oscars for social
media it's like the biggest it's the
biggest awards show for social media so
for us it's very it's a very big deal
and I'm honored to be nominated and of
course because of you guys I'm even
there and so we're here if you've been
watching for the last three days then
you know I have nothing to wear I have
nothing to wear I think I figured it out
I think I figured it out should we show
up in that tonight all right cool
so we got just enough time to drop our
crap head out get the stuff I mean we're
gonna meet up with somebody special oh I
need some things I can wear my shoes
what do you mean like socks hello socks
with heels
they're like down to your feet oh this
is awesome
whoa what's this all about really really
really I mean I could just see one of
the kids coming in just this will mark
the first hotel I've ever stayed in with
a chandelier I've never seen a
chandelier in a hotel room I don't know
if it's real we mean it's real of course
it's real it's real chandelier Oh Oh No
what'd you do that it's a pretty sweet
view city view all right I guess really
close to Central Park is directly behind
us right yeah I'll be cool
oh you know
okay guys we're on the move here's the
problem it's 3:10 p.m. what time is the
show start 5:30 5:30 yeah you can't move
in this town like it's so hard to travel
we are meeting up with a good friend
he's helping me uh craft this thing
together it was a last-minute idea on
the plane that I had so and I'm just so
confused you're out I'm just so confused
right now because now I need two outfits
and I'll explain why basically we don't
have much time it's about a 30 minute
drive there and back so that's an hour
that puts us at 410 it's me close yeah
I can guarantee that nobody at tonight's
award show went here before the show now
I know most people are going to show up
here tonight wearing exactly what
they're supposed to wear either sue or a
nice outfit but I have a different plan
I'm going for comedy right so I only
need approval from two people and if you
guys approve I'm going you approve how
do you do it a clown costumes like
really good clown costumes is that a yes
like a bright red a bright red nose yes
big red shoes I think yes no minetti's
we got you I think we got you that's two
yeses I'm going as a clown I have to
have tonight
do you guys rent like a big that is the
wig dude all about it yeah it's all
about the wig should I get the red nose
though
yeah after right now yeah they got that
where we at here I wanted to go super
legit with this but maybe I mean I like
this one I'm just afraid it's gonna be
huge on me it's always the one size fits
all on these so you never know yeah I
could have got my face paint and then
your frame you know what works right
either she's got it okay so the goal now
we're really screwed because the goal is
is I wear a nice outfit in and then when
the show starts I go change into the
clown yeah yeah yeah did I need another
outfit I'm panicking doing the New York
City Raunak I went literally like as
soon as we got in our first over I was
like how does Casey do it that's how you
do it I just think the devil is in the
details like you're gonna have to get up
there and have the horn horn oh you know
oh how about the bozo huh that one you
need the whore that one and like I mean
you know I can't I'm not you and I know
you don't wear glasses like I do but I
think if you roll up there with this in
the nose on and the first thing you say
into the microphone is I'd like to thank
the Academy all right mission complete
kind of hopefully it'll fit and uh
that's not the part I'm worried about
the part I'm worried about is finding
something for real to wear into the
event
first of all you look great in the clown
costume second lensses New York man
there's clothes everywhere there are ten
blocks that way I'll wear yours but
you're so fit and perfect guys gotta get
on the skateboard should we all go on
the skateboard
how do you sleep at night it's just
sirens and police and everyone pretty
let me see your phone open a new dress
you're on the phone we're going to
Broadway in Broome you know how you came
to my house in Ohio and you had like a
panic attack because you're in the
middle of nowhere and freaking out
that's how I am here I'm cool as you can
but this is my home it is always feels
good to get here and you're available to
me out yeah I feel so comfortable okay
I'm gonna try on the suit the idea is to
go as nice as I can you look like a
really nice suit so when I come out as a
clown there's a big change
I'm an idiot guys I know James freaking
Bond
all right like everything but sure
everything that's sure
our set we got everything clown suit
suit suit everything man how you doing
I'm great just just in a wicked rush not
your fault not your problem
take your time
think this is good ha ha ha ha
I cannot while you're going out like
that well maybe hey I need a name I need
mine I can't talk it actually clogs my
nose actually steals my nose I like this
one I'm glad I got this one everyone
said get the other one
oh man sort of talk here it is that is
award show material I like this one I
think it was cheaper to is like 30 bucks
the hard part is gonna be getting this
on because it's so many pieces
I'm have to be doing it like just during
the show everyone's distracted and then
I got that quick release reset boom oh
God oh here we go
and I'm back to normal I love mom off
you're ready I'm ready
you look hot bubi bubi oh my god I'm
gonna be suspicious that I have a
backpack probably cuz it's me uh I'm
going very casual I mean
yeah but I mean no no tying a bow
g-shock watch instead of a Rolex we are
off to the show I have my whole clown
suit in this bag yeah everything oh my
goodness all right let's see where we're
going
um we're late we are so late well we are
running super late as always in fact we
have completely missed the red carpet
completely it's gone we missed the whole
thing it's gone they burn it you know
what though it's raining anyways so I
don't know I think right
city blows my mind I see we didn't miss
the carpet I thought we did hi we don't
have to go through
a new type of technology this is this
isn't snapshot man but this is my beat
my blog my daily so check this out you
witnessing greatness is dj khaled you
see me don't act like you don't see
what's going on you see success
you see passion you see pain you see
success
you're saying it's Shorty Awards and and
I'm here because of my fans but I said
we both inspire people online it's
important to do that like my Brandis
mama won okay that's my brand
watch my more smile more I like that
that's my company I push it and I love
it and I'm here because of my viewers
and it's cool to meet you it's your port
really nice to meet you uh man shout to
all the fans aboard Nautilus alright
we're officially going into the feeder
you ready is it like quiet
and also miners and the winner of best
YouTube comedian is Roman
obviously some convicts up here first of
all I'm just gonna thank God for filled
online with all these crazy ideas every
single day unbeautiful family supporting
all my crazy ideas every day and I wear
this ridiculous outfit not for so much
you guys for all my viewers that fear
what people think about them don't worry
about what people say don't worry about
what they say behind your back there's a
reason they're behind you just keep
being you you're beautiful smile
to you dude
congratulations dude I did it I did it
you know what I want you to have this
for your office stop you put that your
office and told you know can I can I
sign youtuber of the year for you
getting the bed on man hey come on bro
you need to be a party yeah listen to
this so this isn't it and she's a
producer on the shortywood tell them
what you just told me yes you know that
you broke our website Norman has more
votes in shorty award history than
anyone
the most every brochure you guys set a
world record for shorty
your arms on that
my arms aren't that big yeah thank you
for having us
alright guys we're breaking out of there
Wolfgang's
be good so mad at me dude stop
so mad at me oh excuse us all right guys
I gotta take one second to say something
this is gonna be awkward for you guys to
listen to but I really messed up tonight
I did and I'm kicking myself so hard
about this nobody else seems to care
like I've told everybody I've told
everybody my problem and everybody's
like - no you did fine you did fine and
I'm probably pointing out a problem that
none of you even know about so I went up
and I did my acceptance speech there was
a bunch of people there that I thought
was gonna prank me so I'm so nervous
that I forgot everything in my hand that
I ended up just how are you why I'm just
talking to my family it was two things
that I wanted to do on stage that I
didn't do the first one was thank you
guys for supporting us on the movie
natural born pranksters I wanted to
shout off the movie promote the movie
and number two thank you guys for this
award that I won because they just told
me you heard her we set a shorty voting
world record nobody ever has had more
votes
that's because you guys and I didn't say
it on my speech so I'm doing it right
now which more people will see this then
up on stage so thank you guys from the
bottom of my heart my managers mad at me
he's so upset with me but I brought I
wanna buy him some rolls something cheap
on me
the best round I wasn't really gonna
vlog the food but look at these potato
chips whoa big as your head alright guys
we are warping back to our hotel room
what the heck my crepes doing that
myself I hit something ha ha
how do you do it evening but that what
the lights go out there right yeah did I
hit that I didn't hit that one I didn't
knew it there you go are now lights
we'll figure it out we'll get it there
we go
oh jeez place is from the future
it's like start our huh I know come here
I got it all dirty well it's in a full
box the whale tail oh that is everyone
at one stage was like wow yeah why is it
backwards oh it's just inside this
YouTube comedian Roman Atwood that's
like crazy
really so this is for us guys you and me
us family everybody um
I mean the shorty said it themselves you
guys did this so thank you they said you
literally broke their algorithm I had to
award me this so thank you guys you
always surprise me with this stuff let's
do a fun photo let's do a fun photo for
Instagram yeah all right what do you
want to do oh I should get back in the
club should be the clown you look really
nice right now though but you said you
liked the clown you told me that yeah
yeah yeah all right guys so as much is I
want to stick around and hang out I got
to edit all this blog and be up super
early for lost
I gotta jump on a plane I only gotta go
out for two days it should be cool for
all of us we love you thanks for all the
support and love we couldn't do any of
this without you
your beautiful smile on you can throw
them or you can smash them and they're
loud so we're gonna see how many we can
hit bad idea number three there's still
more do it again
