hey guys welcome to the vlog it is my
birthday today I just got to say thank
you for all the birthday wishes you guys
were smashing it yesterday even the day
before my birthday you guys were
smashing of course today you guys are
unbelievable Brit what the heck are you
done hey okay I seem doing okay okay
yeah
cupcakes get you one with me - yeah
so here's the deal it's my birthday and
everybody asked what do you want to do
wrong what do you want to do Britney
asked my parents ask my brother s and
all I said was nothing just want to be
home with my family my kids Britney my
parents my brother every buddy right
here in the house that's what's
happening today we're not doing anything
plus we're getting up super early and
headed out right here whoo-ha-ha can you
pick that color I love it color my name
Oh mommy did I say I'm sorry
it's like she's melting into the stew
pot juice hey baby he just wants to go
out that's it you won't go outside get
your ball
there you go kind of a weird day a
little gloomy but that's alright you got
big bird
thanks for hanging out with the state
guys I don't know what you know our
plans are I think we're going to walk
around with the camera hang out with the
family and how is it
why is my screen siddharth is it good
your eyes are beautiful so not that long
ago my dad got me this ridiculous
karaoke machine maybe that's something
we do today with everybody
oh yeah was it country oh one country
she gone country
look at him boats uh-huh
this is my favorite cake in the whole
world confetti funfetti whatever you
call it I get it every year she makes it
every single year fun Betty yeah keep
going if you don't have fun Betty it's
just white cake with sprinkles mmm
I know what it tastes different no it
doesn't you never notice really you
can't you tricked me before I didn't
know all right
Kane you'll help me move this truck you
want to drive what is that piece for her
come on it's not raining I promised I
was just outside throwing the ball
who cares if it is it's a little
sprinkle come on come with me come on I
want to show it to you I want to prove
you wrong boy it is sprinkling it is
you're right it's sprinkling uh-oh
no come here do a spin whoa
whoa
shush right into the fireworks yeah we
gotta move this truck man it's been
sitting in the front yard climb on up
guys I wish I was vlogging so bad this
morning Brittany brought the truck
around she had to spray out the a bag of
Zeus's dog food spilled in the bed of
the truck like a while ago nobody ever
cleaned it up so this morning she went
to go clean the truck and it was just
all maggots you know to make this it's
like a little gross white worm mommy had
to clean it all up and I didn't film it
is probably the second greatest thing I
ever haven't filmed here you go start
the truck for me yeah that's it
turn it really hard all the way dude you
just got that stuff everywhere all over
look at that here Sean what I do
sure what they do oh my gosh it's loud
what what's going on well you keep
yelling what how'd you do that
why should like that well King doesn't
mind what is blue like swirling around
then but it ha ha ha I just got a whole
inverse wish it's awesome it looks good
I was just telling about your maggot
experience this morning with the maggots
oh my god in all reality guys this could
be in my example a perfect day for me
like honestly my beautiful family my mom
and dad are coming my brother is ideal
just in case I know dang boy I know that
today is not only my birthday but I know
somebody watching it's your birthday too
so huge happy birthday
ah it's a good day man hey Kane they're
looking for you
vultures are looking for you do you see
them big birds up there they're coming
for you yes they are big just skating it
came down personally and asked me did
you see that little boy it smells like
pizza
nailed it
Kane just found a bird nest see how
looks like there's birdies I don't want
to bother him here you can see I'm
sleeping right you feel still moving
pretty cool let's let them be I'm
surprised your firecrackers didn't wake
them up
yeah three two one oh oh you got it bye
bye well just started raining hey I
think you polished a turd here those
things look amazing
hmm they look awesome really awesome
which one's mine
all up there visitor cookie challenge
free cupcake challenge blow
challenge rule so my brother and kids
are here waiting on my mom and dad who
are picking up food for us and it just
sort of rain in man in about 10 minutes
later we got sunshine it's completely
true what they say if you don't like the
weather in Ohio
just wait ten minutes maybe it's five
minutes so keen wants me to turn his
shirt into a tank top right you know
that means I'm just gonna cut the
sleeves off
whoa what you think is that what you
wanted
you look pretty cool dude Mama's here
and be happy to see you happy to see you
mom went through one door dad went
through the other what's up bubs what's
going to sneaking all that food in happy
birth thank you
oh it is my birthday isn't it holy boy I
think it's my brother if it could be
deep-fried we got it for you it's
watermelon killer how's the watermelon
good is it the best ever you just rock
are you totally Rock or you just totally
rock or you totally Rock joke and say
it's so many different all means the
same this is from you ah that's a strip
of jerky oh my god what is that Susie
jerky what is that this he can smell it
right through the bag made from the
tongue of it oh my gosh what's in here
he's it's a jerky oh I got see what's in
here a Leatherman not a new contract
remember oh oh this thing looks deadly
oh that's a tooth puller let me see yeah
let me see yeah daddy likes not many
left it really scared he was like kinda
yeah I'm not good I'm just letting check
that out what's this King you wanna help
me you rip that open me do it am I gonna
live out the wild nice throw nice I
thought you boys are you pretty good one
well we're gonna take these out right
now no you're gonna film okay here where
are we going put me over here what have
you been doing now ready all ready are
you ready I'm ready
oh oh happy birthday happy birthday
happy birthday
the other half lacks half I've I see now
I've never used these before ever never
never ever
zero times I guess the kids place that's
gonna have to do if you ever used these
no never
she they look sharp I've never used
these haha I thought you're gonna do it
now wait a minute there must be a trick
wait you did just sheer luck that this
tip hits that one oh it's skill so skill
moving target Oh
first chop monster I could have called
that that was luck I didn't even hit the
owl seeing the movie scene where they
grabbed ya and I just throw one out of
three out of three ain't bad right the
whole thing come on dad you gotta get
one on the board you got to get one on
the board let's see it it's alright it's
alright the tip must have been dull oh
it's windy I don't know what I'm doing
five dollars you get to throw three more
yeah come on what do I win if I get it
the vid a small bear that went straight
through I'll see my luck I'll spill my
luck let's try my luck again with the
killer Oh
putting ventilation in the place uh uh
the propane tank
now it's aerated so mad
wait-wait-wait-wait
takes us about 20 minutes realize this
is a better target by the way did you
film that Copperhead no I didn't I
didn't tell them that guys cut my grasp
on the Copperhead snake in our Creek
always sad cuz we're gonna eat him for
breakfast oh you missed the Beehive what
happened well the bees from my
neighbor's bees took off and start a big
swarm to set your how high in my house
they came inside some of them got about
thirty five over mile at least you got a
weapon now this thing has to spin and
ended no it's it's all luck that it hits
well he's gay finger he kills him with
the hat oh I was close there time whoa
Senna had popcorn all right crazy thing
about my vlogs is no matter what I do
somebody does it professionally what's
the trick I know there's a trick to this
how do you do it it's just practice you
got to know how to suck - all right last
chance yeah you don't stick it we die
we're dead
my baby boy just showed up and we'll go
to the beach yeah
haha whoa different colors - the big one
will get him
run Jane run run Oh Noah's got the
deadliest sword of all time oh you gotta
hold it still there it is yeah man well
it ended up getting really nice out it's
beautiful now beautiful weather
warp invest a little bit of time honey
everything packed up dude I'm excited
I'm right we need this trip together by
the only house as suitcases in the front
room for three days straight look at
this stuff completely full probably
overweight completely full probably
overweight I got for my actual blog
camera on underwater case look at that
Wow
yeah dude so I don't have to use the
GoPro that much I'll use this audio is
probably bad but you guys know you guys
know I love scuba diving you know I'm
planning to do a shark dive with all the
Sharks that is like a dream of mine I
did it last year it wasn't a short dog
they just happened to be at the reef so
I was smiling for an hour straight I was
underwater for an hour I was smiling for
an hour swimming with sharks and might
when I got done my mouth was sore from
smiling on that so much fun man if
you've never scuba dive you have to make
it a point once in your life to go under
that ocean man is unbelievable a whole
new world six pairs of socks what we're
gone for 65 days so you need to make
sure you have check this thing is it
just me or is this thing like beefy oh
my gosh
beefy no doubt we're gonna have fun with
this look at me in there
guys as much I want to keep this vlog
going I do need it we got to get a
wicked early word too early it's too
early cuttin off change the flights we
have to get ready get the kids also
packed sleep it's already late hon ah we
love you guys so much and thank you so
much for the birthday wishes you guys I
think you destroyed my about my twitter
feed literally broke today um you guys
never stop surprising me with everything
it's it's crazy tell me where you think
we're going and what day is your
birthday I love you guys so much we'll
see you then smile more beautiful wait
what do you mean not ready here you want
my hat you want my hat I got no I can't
I got a big zit right here good there's
the one time I came out look like a bar
I met Roma now well you look good don't
you look good
