hey guys what's up what you got here the
pack in uh uh uh nice coping shorter
whoa some new Phoenix and swim trap
black phoenix black v-neck and I got you
a humble tank tops oh I like that
alright good why do you like what I get
you guys welcome to the vlog yes I'm
wearing a hat because mama you know why
I'm wearing a hat
how'd you got a bad hair day not a bad
hair day I've got a zit probably about
the size of your head on your head on my
forehead if I take the head off boom
everybody explodes so this is for
everyone's safety huh
yeah oh that's it long-sleeve oh well
for like at night yeah yeah yeah I get
it
hope you guys are having such a good day
yes I am wearing a hat I wore one the
other day and I saw a lot of comments
like dude you don't look that bad a
hassle I'm wearing a hat for multiple
reasons one a structure growing off the
side of my head it's like a it's got
arms let it's everything it's like a
full not important I hope you guys are
having such a good day man it is
beautiful here in Ohio and tomorrow
tomorrow's my birthday oh I don't know
how I feel about I'm excited I'm nervous
I'll be honest with you when I turned 27
I was really scared I was freaking out
you know I had no future I had no
education I hadn't no I had no I had
nothing man I was I was freaking out I
think that once you get in your 30s and
you haven't figured out what you want to
do or what you are going to do you start
to panic I mean that's the truth
a lot of you won't understand because
maybe you're young and you've got so
much life in front of you and that's the
truth though you start to panic like
what am I gonna do them I'm turning 30
years old Matt I'm still I'm still not
doing what I love to do it's it's scary
but that that fear right there is the
most powerful thing you can have that
fear is is what makes you do what you
want to do and it's so great it pumps
you up it's it pushes you to do what you
want to do that the fear the panic of
not having much time left is what makes
you do it so it's not necessarily a bad
day if you've been watching the channel
for a long time then you know you know
this is something it's been requested
for a long time that Roman why haven't
you come out with a book why haven't you
released your life on the paper and
that's exactly what is happening I am
releasing a book in fact we did most of
the writing about a month ago or two
months I'm losing track of time I will
say this I'm not releasing a book until
I know that when you read it and you
close that book you're ready to take on
the world so we still have a little time
I'm not releasing at ulta program I want
you to read this book and be so
motivated that you're ready to conquer
anything you've been trying to do and
that's what this book is all about not
only is it my story and parts of my life
that you've never heard me talk about
and really serious stuff this book is
designed to help people and change
people's lives you guys know that's what
I'm all about smile more baby so we're
headed up to do the cover they wanted me
to come to New York and I was like no
I'm from Columbus I want to do my cover
in Columbus so that's exactly what we're
doing right now we're headed there it's
beautiful it's sunny let's go guys
this is a pretty old area this is where
like I used to come and like as a kid
this place was all like this was the
spot to be we used to eat at this buffet
we figured this would be the spot for my
shoot for this cover the publishers
wanted like this professional
photographer and they wanted me to fly
to New York and I was like my cousin's a
professional photographer so I got you I
fought for you and here she is rocking
it out with her sister and we're about
to do this man check out my son you guys
may remember this I did this photo
probably a year and a half ago mate I
have no idea but we're going to re-enact
it for this cover possibly you know this
sign right here says it all for me like
this is like everything from start to
finish this is like really important
all right we're gonna move locations
maybe a little busier area I like the
actually do like the rundown look the
brick building the walls and things like
that but I think I'm gonna head towards
like people maybe cars traffic I don't
know we're just having fun with it no
idea what's actually gonna be used right
now so wait what do you mean not ready
here you want my hat you want my hat no
I can't I got a big zit right here good
is the one time I came I look like a bar
I met Roma now well you look good don't
you look good all right let's do some
pics yes all right this is gonna be way
better this is actually where I shot the
original photo right here on this
concrete slab and then you'll just go
out this is safe I swear it's safe we're
gonna go in the middle we're gonna snap
the shot and wait for the cars to stop
so I'm actually like holding the Sun for
the forest yeah cool let's do it
yeah I like this this feels good this
feels good man will work for smiles guys
look at the size of this building guys
look at that thing I love seeing stuff
like that just knowing that they started
probably with nothing oh my god what
happened in here holy smokes - I mean
birthday card oh you're the best my
first birthday part of the year
hey thanks mom you're welcome dear let's
see what you got here
special birthday wish any time is a
perfect time to wish the very best for
you but that especially applies when you
have a birthday do your opponent didn't
know it is I love Momo have a great time
on vacation oh yeah give me some lovin
girl you're the best
yeah dude you look awesome in that hat
Zeus you want to wear the hat too or
what okay go for it let's get it right
there yeah big smile big smile smile
more good job you did the best pictures
I'm not even gonna use mine now just
gonna use canes yes today has been like
a photo day all day these hats if you've
been looking they've been in a lot of
vlogs you've seen other youtubers
wearing them they are available right
now on the store finally we just did
photos and hopefully a picture just fell
off the wall I'm not even kidding who
hung these I did it that's how you know
they fall but I did look
there's nothing there nothing there
there's nothing here either
I bet it's down in here oh my I always
want to stick your things anyways I'm
just gonna tell you right now if you
want one of these hats get it right now
they are limited and they will go fast
like most of our stuff it does go fast
if you want one don't wait get it get it
and men's shirts women's shirts all
shirts are in soccer everything's in
stucco there's a new tent top on the
website to top top top link in the
description hit it also a couple days
ago I showed you guys that we've
sponsored many kids softball teams
t-ball teams this is one of the first
ones which is so cool we're just now
getting all the pictures this is a
little t-ball team wearing all their
smile more stuff I love it and Kayla one
of our one of our employees
uh-oh
you guys seen her the other day I said
that's why her belly was so big cause
she ate all the cookies that was her she
had her baby last night's -
congratulations Kayla we are now down
another employee she said she'll be back
Tuesday right okay I got a serious
question Brett I got a serious question
how come we didn't have stuff like this
when I was a kid pivoting wheels I'm
gonna try right now gonna fill me row
don't wreck in your car this is so
awesome
there's a drip line
I've been in fair odds we just started
this looks ridiculous put up a nanny day
is absolutely blazing but I hope you're
using your time so wisely it's going so
quick and we just don't know how much of
it we actually get or have so use it
wisely I'm telling you oh you got a big
plate oh my god let's get him on there
wow that's a beast he's a really big
I've got the feast a little bit we got
Todd we got jail family just I don't
know what's a man we're just hanging out
eating groaning look at that mmm put in
your mouth dude
how is it that's Brits famous reps my
breakfast all right okay
it's pretty good maybe the salt you got
the drill no no drill Oh
what's going on down here yeah I gotta
go let's see it pull ups get rubies
always won no that's not true
okay you jumped up that's not a pull-up
that was a jump up I like to weigh down
three four I'll be lucky if I can do ten
nine
Roma's gonna win oh no I gave him the
trophy on that one 90 hope your half
once you you don't have shoes on
five six seven eight nine go to 20 10 11
12 13 14 15 16
two hours later 486 come on one more
487 dang good yeah the shrimp's going
crazy I just fed my tank sorry it's so
blue but he is going nuts like this big
starfish coming up oh look cleaner
shrimp coming out this tanks coming to
life did look at that crab Christina
crab look at that crab back here
filter-feeding he's got big filters on
his hands and he scoops in his mouth
cute fishies were hungry Wow are you
ready look at you did to this house look
at the house you guys remember like my
old school Frank right tied a rubber
snake on a string and I did a bunch of
them they're so fun like this is one of
the snakes not the actual on but ocean
edition you imagine this swimming in the
water
crystal-clear water and this thing
swimming by you oh my god I would have a
heart attack I'm gonna try to do that
this trip should be of the last man like
water edition a snake in the water hmm
and you'll never you would never see the
fishing string either because it's in
the water what are you doing you just
hanging out with Zeus
I could probably watch you do that all
day look at you guys
best buddies for life how's this
brand-new on yeah you like it
I love it i watch some mole of it out ha
ha ha you guys you guys want to see mine
now like my swimsuit because I mean
yours alright you know its face it's
just okay but mine I'm just gonna show
you I'm gonna show you mine I'm excited
about it
alright guys I'm gonna show you my
supposed to I'm nervous I'm actually I
don't know if you guys gonna think yeah
what do you have that yeah I get him I'm
a big I got a serious topic I want to
talk about and try to take them serious
why I wear this girls what is the
difference between wearing a swimsuit in
public and you're growing underwear like
it's the same thing Brittany argues with
me she's like I'm not going out there
only have my bra on I'm like it's the
same as a swimsuit no it's not me it's
the same thing I don't have lace and
jewels and come on girls back me up here
it's a little bit like your underwear
for sure but it's not the same I
wouldn't walk out my bra girls so you
have all your family over everybody mom
dad sister brother kids whoever you'd go
swimming in your swimsuit your bikini
your top but you wouldn't walk in your
living room in your bra and underwear
that's my point right there right yeah
she knows she knows she knows answer
that guy's girl's butt in on this is it
any different then hanging out at your
family reunion and your brawling
underwear you'd swim with your family in
your swimsuit same thing
save it same thing I'm taking this thing
off all right and all real miss Brittany
did get me some new swim trunks I think
you're pretty friggin cool check these
out they got little palm trees for the
stars I love it even though it's not
July I don't think there's are sharks
this is some kind of wacky tuna tuna
noodles black-and-white tropicals I
don't know what those are you like him
that's it maybe just some regular shorts
yeah in case you have no idea what's
going on we are packing for our trip
which is a mess are you gonna miss Zeus
I'll be honest with you guys I don't
know what the heck I filmed today it's
been really a blur today man Thomas
everything's going so fast is that what
you're talking about
polka dot pearls I got energy got a lot
of energy that's not how it goes
guys yeah over it looks on I mean it
looks on it sorry what do you want me to
say just like a four a four maybe out of
four oh four out of four I saved it guys
we're gonna in this continue to pack it
we are just about out of here we're very
excited the whole family not just us
like I said it's it's them it's my mom
and dad and brother and kids and it's
gonna get away wow guys it is my
birthday tomorrow um I'm just gonna
thank you in advance for everybody that
wish me happy birthday cuz I know by the
time you watch this it is my birthday so
thank you guys so much we love you
um I'm gonna throw one more reminder if
you want one of the smile more hats I
promise they're gonna go super fast
wow that's I'm just gonna show you guys
ready it's not that bad if you do want a
hat go now don't think about it cuz
you're gonna go and I'm gonna be sold
out here I wonder you get new hats just
get one if you want one guys they are
limited we love you we'll see them all
put the link in the top of the
description we're almost out here we're
gonna have some fun baby
we love you we're gonna bring you along
as well you're beautiful you're one of a
kind smile more how many before this
blog continues how many of you guys
think it's a good idea to let Brittany
drive my car
like Imperial I think I was more secure
than you hurt
