hey guys welcome to the vlog in his
freaking but nasty out what are we do I
don't know what we're doing
what is but I don't know it just came
out but I'd like Sally nasty that really
affected you that word we uh I don't
really know what we're doing I'll tell
you it but let me explain something
today I looked into Brittany's eyes she
was coming in from the smile Moore store
she was storming around she was throwing
stuff and I said I text her she was out
in the store
what do you mean uh you weren't done I
made that part up I'm supposed to make
the story better okay uh ITEC she was
out in the store and I just text her let
me take you out tonight like just
something real simple like I knew she
just needed something like a smile like
I knew that would make her smile even if
we didn't go out I just knew that just
saying that would be like she would be
like oh yeah it's awesome it really so
that's where we're at right now I am
taking out see some thank you
wow yeah I know you're driving my shoes
why didn't you even wear shoes it's
raining join grab some food we're gonna
really late start to today's vlog and
the weather has just got a so motivate
if you do stop yeah give me the Hat give
me that we actually haven't been here
for a long time it's been a long time
every week they used to know our order
we would just sit down and they bring
her here
we think because he's kind of famous you
can repot right
no little pause just a little bit you
can have a little party man go little
paw
look what y'all think it is a little bit
of a date night having a little date
night little yeah it's just me
you know kids nobody pulling on arms the
waiters he's like no kids the way and
I'm like no I remember when we went out
on a date it's probably good oh here we
go three years you told me our like
waitress walked away and she's like
possess she look like a princess
they said okay like I didn't see like in
a fair like you see cartoons I saw a
princess and it's a Super Mom she looked
like a princess for like a little while
for the record Princess Fiona I'm sure
oh man okay so I'm using I'm using a
brand new camera um I hope you guys are
liking the 60 frames but the wind might
mess us up I don't know how was dinner
baby it was amazing
warping over to our next spot never
really understood what all this travel
stuff was reaiiy mean this is ideal for
me think about it you're crazy like
three Brit I'm gonna kick you out a
store we need a man we need security
this one no human should get that
excited when they see toenail clippers
I'm telling you when you go to these
cities my fingernails are always covered
in dirt you guys probably seen the boys
like dirty
you're just so dirty you wanna do
something really fun for the vlog what
like just for you guys
look bikini wax no I mean like like you
don't do it on your bikini line you just
do it wait yeah I brush my eyebrows
that's for your whole body I think
that's an advertisement in here this may
be a little personal but what deodorant
do you guys use because I've found that
the more I use the same deodorant them
doesn't work I have to switch it like
every couple months like a different
deodorant I just dripped like a little
Niagara Falls guys all know I don't why
is it so hard and why do we have so many
deodorant choices on the Shelf you have
to put on it look what I'm never good
while you sleep never gonna it has to be
we're never gonna put it on before it up
and it's not gonna work you're gonna be
dripping alright that's the end of our
date night I want to take one quick
minute to thank you guys again the movie
has done really well we've been on the
top charts around the entire world all
week the movie is done really really
well and they actually called me I don't
even know if I'm supposed to tell you
guys this I don't my intro I don't know
if I get trouble or not but oh yeah uh
but basically they've I don't know how
to say this they they're basically green
lighting natural born pranksters too so
yeah I know and I don't know if it's
actually like for sure yet or not but uh
and I'm evil yeah so it's uncool it's
some exciting it's such a fun movie to
watch and I just got to thank you guys
for watching and downloading and being a
part of it's all because of you guys
like every seal download I feel like
everyone and the entire crew was like
it's your viewers like they've destroyed
all this so thank you guys it means the
world to all of us it's such a fun thing
to work on and to and I'm glad that you
guys have been just entertained by it so
thank you if you haven't seen it go
check it out it's out baby and it's
doing really well I think it's like
today like it was it's like one of the
top spots on Xbox Live it sits in there
with Mockingjay and Star Wars on every
chart around the world so pretty cool
pretty crazy thank you thank you
buddy come on come on sirs come on come
on wanna know where your dad I don't
know where he's that I forgot
hey you know we got bubbles oh yeah ha
ha ha let's go get them bubbles out of
here he's like just throw my ball just
throw my boss all he cares about
look oh these are the new high in
protein bubbles honey blow dizzy and
lightheaded Wow okay I did the whole
room do it again
this bum bum Nadeau ready oh this is Bob
Nadeau - that's it I got a good idea to
make this really easy I'll be back
I think I know it's gonna get oh honey
was me it was you really Jose is also
dizzy
you got a really spend oh hey you did
good that's good hmm that looks good
nice save oh I mean it was a pretty
landing with the bubbles and everything
well you guys are making bubbles I got
to show you guys something - today this
cool box came in I was like what X in
this box my good buddy Paul
Cinzia is totally unexpected picture
from our own versucci tour and it's just
such an amazing memory to have so Paul
thank you for sending me this and thank
you guys up this crowd was insane that
night it was so big can't see it you
know I just wish I could show you it
with more glare on it you know looks
cool
yeah wait for more of these hope you
guys are excited we're about to announce
the full tour um Zeus we brought you
something what is that what is that you
want to see if he can open it yeah
go ahead boy it's all yours
there it is
that's right as Kenan do you light
that's it gone to home to stake in
seconds I believe these were they called
birdies or I think in middle school
that's a poem givers the name the
grown-up versions uh shuttlecocks what I
was like wait here's the birdies you
know what's that like when you when you
buy these at the store six multicolored
official size shuttlecock this product
may contain chemicals known of the state
of California to cause cancer birth
defects or other reproductive harm and
gag on shuttlecocks
Cephas works ready they catch it no he's
like hey Zeus I always yell at you got
that one guys we passed out last night
we I don't know what happened I was like
all in the vlog and we were filming
everything and then BOOM I woke up this
morning you didn't go to sleep guys
thanks for hanging out with us thanks
for one on a little date night with us
thanks for right you know we really
didn't do much of anything yesterday and
before we started vlogging it was a
bunch of just work and things that we
just didn't film and you want a free
Punk you want to fight Punk just thanks
for sticking around with us here at the
family and know I got some energy to
brother now I think I love you guys we
will see you tomorrow
smama beautiful all right guys I'm gonna
show you how to spend ten dollars that's
ten dollars
displayed you go to that
