you can start I don't think I only
started it why don't you start I don't
want to start it already started take my
face is all right yeah what's up my
friends what's up my friends what we're
doing today
okay this is your day I'm really excited
today is not today but soon it's my
dad's 15th birthday big 500 I'm gonna be
there soon you get him not soon like
five years away so his birthday's next
week but we will be out of town so we're
gonna take him out today have some fun
have some fullness yes no idea what's
going on
so he's like do I wear something nice or
yeah and nice to your dad is like a camo
button-up that is nice cowboy he's
comfortable like when you think of us
like living in the country he's country
he's a hunter he's a nice country hands
gonna be perfect let me explain
something I'm having a panic attack
right now because listen oh if you can
hear it
listen roll it down
oh my god what is that
something on the way here just started
my front right tire students weekend
really loud and I'm not good not good
well luckily my dad's mechanic your dad
is a mechanic well he's a welder now but
used to be mechanic there's not even
four thousand miles on this car
thirty-eight hundred miles and I've had
it over a year and the tire squeaking
like crazy maybe there's just some stuff
let's just go there's Brittany's dad he
ever cheated anything are you can slide
it back with that oh I actually brought
you here on your birthday to fix my car
something just happened my wheel
it's like squeaking you'll hear it
hi man so you know have any idea where
we're going do i no idea you know tell
him we're going to McDonald's man chucky
cheese if we're playing the ball pit
that's birthday we're gonna have some
fun we're gonna shoot some fully
automatic machine guns see the building
this place yeah man
my buddy owns it we're gonna have some
fun Oh welcome welcome this is your this
is your birthday cart man oh look at
that Tom dude are you kidding me that's
the rub buddy good to see you guys back
home and smiling I'm starting to call
man back home can't remind me on that
are you doing jerk you've never been in
here yet okay I'm gonna stop by and look
around you I appreciate you coming it
happened birthday as well oh that's cool
Oh excited for your dad have you ever
shot a fully automatic before no
days the dad we got to lane so I'll put
you on shoot your gun it okay if we're
being too loud next year then we'll time
and all the way we're going to double
slap and make sure it's in all the way
you'll reach up here and you pull
straight drop it down and let go finger
off the trigger
that's fire right there and just pull
the trigger slow
we always love bringing people here but
it's a real honor to bring Brittany's
dad for his first time ever to shoot a
machine gun what I want to do feet point
at the target
what's your lean forward just a little
bit yeah that's the baby right like that
I wish I had the history on I wish I
knew where it was we're at the late 30s
early 40s because it's definitely a war
issue gun but hey you know where was it
where's it been I wish you could talk
without a doubt it isn't open bolts when
you load it it's ready it's ready
there's not enough bullets
we've got it we've got a drum on the way
so it's going to be good yeah the big
the big deal get it ha ha ha that is my
favorite one every time I come here hi
guys I'm gonna show you how to spend ten
dollars that's ten dollars
Wade you good at that pitch his throwing
her around like a rag doll the left of
that paper that was a 45 lot more power
that was awesome
yeah that's a lot of fun
the classic 50 Cal desert eagle I've
never shot one look at the size of this
thing I mean look at my hand put in your
hand Brett it's as big as you are here's
some comparison against the 9-millimeter
bullet
my gosh none of us have ever shot it so
let's do it yeah ah you got close it
really comes up really lock it down a
cannon so how was that man Oh often
really gets the art gone so the big
surprise today is Britain just took her
dad out to explain we're gonna buy him
any gun he wants for his birthday which
I imagine is a massive surprise I'm not
gonna catch it on camera because it's
real personal and I don't know it's
awesome killing me man you excited make
me cry oh it's awesome well she's a
she's a good girl she wants to take care
of you uh uh what brings that this is
the Smith & Wesson that you just shot
the same exact one the only difference
is shorter this is gonna be even
smoother because this is a fireman
trailer whoo man you look like a wild
wild west
I like that bigger than your daughter's
head that's the same growing group yeah
it's just like heavier so we just drop
Brittany's dad off I'm really proud of
you for that
that's awesome I'm just glad you were
able to do that take him out into a
different environment he's never done
listen to my car squeaking what's going
on
first thing tomorrow must and first
thing
Batman what am I looking at why is your
face like that look at the wall Oh what
is that Emily oh boy we're having so
much fun
wait why would I care about that never
coming now what are they oh my god no it
didn't do any of it oh where do you even
get all them little sloppy hands
oh you ordered um well I was gonna put
them in look at this so we've got little
sticky sloppy hands all over the house
every no kind of everywhere what where
are you guys I know you're up here
somewhere
I can smell you hey mister how are we
gonna get all these Slappy's off the
house it's no in here there's no in here
yeah
are you sure cuz I hear something do you
have any idea how this slappy hands got
there I heard actually Emily said you
didn't do it you're such a good kid you
know I didn't even punish you for
anything you don't do anything wrong
ever totally not like your father
Oh sis Hey look at me Susan hey did you
throw the wacky did you throw the sticky
hands on the ceiling did you throw the
sticky
alright guys I know this is a crazy
place to end this ball I know this is a
crazy place to end the vlog I mean to
take a shower get all this gun stuff off
and then we're going to set my camera
down and hang out with all family that's
it I was good
actually take a day off after the whole
tour but I decided to keep vlogging and
maybe just shorten a couple of them so
that is what's going on right now
also I shot this vlog in 60 frames a
second tell me if you liked it or if you
don't like it that is what the comments
should be today do you like 60 frames or
30 frames most of the vlogs have always
been 30 today is 60 has a different look
it's smooth it's weird I don't even know
if I like it so tell me what you think I
love you guys thanks for understanding
we will be right back in the full vlogs
tomorrow and yeah happy birthday to
Britney's dad we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful
you're one of a kind the smiler it'll
wrap you you want to ramp you now look
up you can see look up you can see it go
over you here it comes
whoa
