what is it it's a Christmas on the land
in the Atwoods last myth house tonight
you helping mama cut cut cut
yeah yeah hey guys welcome to a very
it's an evening vlog we are hanging out
here at the house together rapping I
guess we have what who's all coming
tomorrow we have like her side of her
mom's family is tomorrow so we've gotta
wrap all of their gifts and we're not
even doing this with my paranoia family
this year are we no gifts just for kids
you guys all the kids get yes I know
it's like I'm Bobby do you think Cora's
gonna get a gift
you think Roy's gonna get it are you
gonna get it gift passed hey Oh Billy
can't cane Billy what's it cane what's a
hillbilly do you know what a redneck is
what you know who Brian is hope you guys
first of all I hope you're having a
great day I hope you are getting excited
for Christmas for those of you that do
celebrate Christmas and everybody else
just hope you're having a wonderful time
it's a great time of year regardless
we're hoping for snow we're supposed to
calling for snow tomorrow it would be
wonderful
yeah but it was like crappy snow your
ride is the best know ever thanks yeah
if I'm sure we all got to wake up to
white Christmas that would be like a
minute doesn't happen here very often
remember as a kid a bunch but it just
doesn't happen often anymore it's like I
don't know
flash flash are you on the carpet off a
carpet good boy good oh my gosh this
this time next year
imagine Cora like just imagine she's
gonna be running around tearing up all
this paper getting into everything
looking for gifts ah you're gonna be
awesome
you're gonna be so awesome he's
mission net boys on a mission right
there you wrapping gifts cool catch you
later I love you I love you I know get
it beat out of here get this meat out of
here now did you just wrap that hmm I
wonder what it could be
should I open it oh man what do you guys
think it is any guesses Cora do you know
what there you're not telling me Cora
your openness Cora your openness Cora
she's not listening to me here ask her
ask her hey give it to me give it to me
Oh see if cor can get it huh what is
that Cora it's not a church okay just
for me okay maybe it's a harmonica are
you on the carpet
all right
Oh sounds like something else I've
always wanted what could it be Cora
all right rock with the wrong okay
all right man kids are just wrapped you
guys went out and got all this stuff is
this like from your bedroom I went out
and got it Oh what's so funny a whole
brand-new wooden brush oh we can just we
can work our cowlicks out together
are you singing or spit in corbera okay
so obviously Kane and kids been rapping
then he's for may need to open round the
house so I wrapped something from wrong
house for Kane hope he likes it me know
I wrapped you a gift an early Christmas
gift I hope you like it what do you
think it is
are you excited what do you think it is
what is it we got a process going right
now Britt's wrapping and then Hanes
taking them what are you stash you know
what is that what you hiding them all
the way under the tree what's going on
that's my spot for that one possible so
this year we didn't have what chorus
Stocki didn't have time to get here so
she is using Zeus's this year he's gonna
rock it out with this this year in kora
he's gonna share with Zeus I love it I
think it's great well guys well guys it
is Christmas even guess what no snow no
no no flash I want snow to blow honey I
know tell him no snowman I've seen all
might like I got friends in Canada
they're like buried in snow and I just
want the snow so bad right now they're
just saying like maybe an inch tonight
which anyway guys last night super laid
back super chill ended up watching
movies wrapping gifts and we just shut
the camera off a barely even filmed
yesterday to be honest with you today
there's a whole nother story it's
already mayhem in the house I'm gonna
take you in there in one second but I'm
gonna see if Brits out here Brit I hear
you hey happy early early early early
birthday I mean it's a couple months
earlier right okay so there's Christmas
gifts in here apparently that I can't
see all right I'll meet you in the house
I'm not even film I don't even
so so basically tomorrow's blog will
start exactly where this one ends it's
current day right now and I just I don't
know it's kind of fun seeing current day
like flash dude you're so loud do you
just want inside or what what's going on
say hello say hello huh Cora you playing
with snakes yes mom all coming over yeah
oh boy we got the phone club the phone
club over here hanging out yeah what's
up what's up Christmas movies
that's not a Christmas movie off a
carpet
he needs a tent everybody pat him at the
same time oh there you go is that go on
just what she wears that I thought you
wrapped presents with that she's tired
she looks thrilled Merry Christmas mama
so as you guys can see we're gonna kick
off some festivities here at the house
check this out Oh
smoky definitely gonna get that fired up
today and hang out a little bit we're
gonna say goodbye for today it is what
it is the holidays are killing me right
now I'm getting that comfy mode man that
comfort is your enemy I've always heard
that quote it is so beyond true man I
get caught like it's like sitting with
the kids start playing games start
watching movies and it's just like whoa
I'm picking my camera up so you guys
already know I don't have to explain you
guys thanks for being here thanks for
being a part of this family I hope you
have an absolutely wonderful Christmas
Eve and Christmas and we will see you
tomorrow we're getting ready for our big
Christmas vlog we do each year - I'm
gonna try to film as much I'm gonna try
to just film like this isn't gonna be a
vlog for entertainment this is always a
vlog for us as a family so I'm gonna
record everything that's someone
sneaking up behind me absolutely love
you guys thanks again for everything
will see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more Oh what
the heck you asking for for Christmas
tell me in the comments
you
