hey guys welcome to the vlog today to
get down ah he's fight so hard are you
trying to kill me ah I didn't mean your
cereal this morning so I take it back
I didn't mean to eat your cereal bar Oh
attack I've been saved if you miss
yesterday's vlog I am back home I'm back
here in Columbus Ohio ready to spend
some time with my kids my family kind of
just goofing off and we're continuing
yesterday's vlog into today's vlog if
you watch it's just continuation alright
so how are you can you and take the cha
so oh my god I was just thinking like
how fun that would be like in my head I
want to take out the trash
dudes will take it out he'll take it to
his room really you know of it so what
are we doing today not really much of
anything we're at home which feels good
what is this chicken daggone case of
Dilla's grab that
Oh got it oh yeah mentally I'm feeling a
little on like I hate to admit this but
I'm feeling a little on the lazy side
I'm like I kind of want to lay around I
kind of want to catch up I kind of want
to relax but then there's a part of me
that's like what can we do you want to
go to jail
that's all you keep saying deals I wanna
kind of ask Cain I think he's down for
whatever this just you want to drive our
seat I mean we do have our seat that
isn't off here we're kind of goofing off
cleaning up at a little uh something
going on over here
Oh mess peanut butter and jelly and
salads for lunch see I was kind of just
thinking about filming today like not
filming but just like vlogging just this
is our life this is our house this isn't
like us trying to make the vlog exciting
this is what we do look at this little
plumber I do want to ask you guys
something odd you want to ask oh my god
your little bulldozer you want to ask
you guys something whoo how many of you
guys and you can leave in the comments
or you getting you know whatever you
however you want to tell me how many of
you rather me be here at home with my
family versus me traveling and doing
tours and you name it I'm always having
to leave for something how many of you
guys just like me home like now do you
like me home that's it yeah
kind of you just like beat me up and
this is a little embarrassing but no
matter how many times I've cleaned this
office actually pretty clean at last
time you guys saw it was spotless it was
beautiful I leave I work look at this
this is my office all the time nothing I
can do about it
I never showed you guys that leave this
water bottle they gave me for the pee
prank that I did I saw
you can have it yeah first well actually
know where it came from I think someone
at the movie company made it you guys
want to do man how about you guys clean
my office that would be fun
right yeah you okay let's do it right
here
Kane where's your chart charge ease up
real quick boys want to play with some
cars what
okay good it I'll charge it for you
bring it over here
Sushi's like please drive them cars I'm
hungry
we should strap a stake to yours you
know strap up a hot dog on top yes chase
no matter what yeah but you add the hot
dog and it's like he's gonna comfort
sure is Kane the charger oh good job
well you just pull that out with your
teeth driving this car is our farm you
guys know that I love it but maybe we
can spice it up a little bit no build
around
okay let's butter ramp hey I got I got
an unbelievable idea just now do you
want to know what it is do you guys want
to know what it is what if what if just
for like a small amount of time we put
in like we have this huge wall nothing
to do with it a rock climbing wall yeah
can you imagine if we put the rock
climbing wall right there it'd be
awesome
it's like exercise you could exit it's
like how many garage you it's a Hummer
any high ceiling oh it's in the garage
it's just you know no matter what you
say it it would be one of them things
you came home to like you would just
come home in their beer Oh
if anybody has the means to put in a
rock wall hit me up baby huh huh it's
freezing out dibs whores on I have the
skin of a bear just trying to be a
father that's all what I'm a bear Zeus
has skin of a bear do you look like Zeus
I don't think so like geez watch that
let's go get Rapp supplies I wish it was
warm out man we could play some b-ball
come on buddy
hi boys there's plenty of wrapping
material here this is the king of RC
ramping right here goodbye pack him up
my god
all right let's get some right here
let's get these ones well that's fine
you can take that you gonna carry it hey
Zeus Zeus where's Kane
where's good boy I think it's coming
along real nice you got the ramp and
then you got a downside that's the
challenge oh okay oh it was a great one
lay under it it'll wrap you you want to
ramp you now look up you can see look up
you can see it go over you here it comes
whoa you may be able to do a front-flip
if you hit the brakes Hey Oh
you're blending that chicken I'm
shredding the chicken
no she's going baby
no she don't that's the train if you can
both hit it that's a train ready go
Oh buzz Club ha ha
usually need to know I know you didn't
beat me you're beating me there's only
the first ball yeah we're moving on to
some video games now with the en Marcis
video games just a day at the house and
I need this so much just gonna start
flipping clapping until are you going
down entire this can't be beaten by you
painful
I think this is it the game I smoked
yeah try again it'll come back oh all
right dude that's good that's good I'm
telling you let's play again come eat
some damn case Dilla's yeah look good
the dog drinks like a water I've never
seen a dog drink someone well your big E
is like it uh-huh uh-huh
that's the way it huh
just drink 9 balls in a row so it's good
no Tom quesadilla this looks
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah honest good come
on boy go on boy oh it's so nice out
it's cold
oh my god what felt good when I walked
out but it's actually cold mm-hmm
so I know you guys just ate and I know
you're probably full but I prepared you
a blueberry level above a great waffle
that's great
look I made you bread this is a tomato
and those are those are pickles put that
piece on there and you got yourself a
play-doh sandwich how is it pretty cool
right
the nice-looking sandwich what do you
think is it cool haha how was it what
you got a green eggs and ham
there's green eggs and ham hey can open
up open up it's coming in real question
is is what's his name Derek
how'd you come with that name do you
think what's funny is that you started
the red one and I had the same exact
idea and your makeup the yellow is
awesome yeah I think we did pretty good
yeah yeah all right so before we go any
further in today's vlog I want to take a
minute while we were gonna be gone for a
while and we've got some really cool
mail and one of the coolest things is
you guys know I'm dedicating an entire
wall of the smile more sort to your
artwork so this kind of cover I have
pulled some of the cool art that's been
sent and I just want to show you some of
it right now
let's start right here this is coming in
from Carly 13 years old she's been
watching for two years and I just love
it
it's like fireworks for palm trees I
don't know I like it I like it a lot
that's one from Matthew
from Milwaukee yeah that's it I love it
man it's honest look I love it yeah
that's gonna look awesome in our store
man kind of yeah
this one's just super fun coming in from
Dallas Texas and I don't know the name I
got Mike and I'm just gonna show it on
camera just gonna sugar they just gonna
show you their names on camera cuz I'm
not sure the first name and this was
just super fun like a lot of fun it's
totally me holding up a GTR the palm
trees the beach you guys know man
yes know some other cool ones I mean you
guys have sent so much this is I love
this one family first is awesome this
one's made out of like it I don't know
it's super cool I like this yeah so I
could come from Ryan and Alex this one
from Matt this is the ballistic smile
more massacre I love it this is coming
from new loom Nelly I hope that's how
you say it 23 years old from New York
City it's beautiful I love I mean it
looks nice put some like some some
window trim on the sides it looks like a
weird uh so what's what at least for
today this one really stood out to me
this is coming in from Louis he's 17
years old from Massachusetts he sends
first of all he sins first of all he
sends an entire I mean pages and pages
of his story and about us and what we've
done how we've helped him and just he's
such a loyal supporter of our Channel
hey we're trying to vlog here boy get
out of here this one stands out because
it's it's just unbelievable and and too
much for Louis to send all this stuff
he's sent in an entire xbox and extra
controller games a year's worth iTunes
cards I mean this is this is too much
Louis thank you so much man I mean it's
gonna get used the kids are going to use
the
out of it but you guys do not should not
send us things this nice we love these
simple stuff the artwork the you know
it's all amazing I don't it's all
amazing thank you guys so much so we've
just been reading your story here buddy
so in the next couple days we are gonna
start hanging artwork all your guys's
artwork we have so much gathered over
the last year you've sent us um you know
everything everything you can think of
we're gonna do an entire wall of nothing
but your guys artwork and you know to me
it's super exciting to see that you guys
are participating this is crazy world of
ours it's gonna be so fun to place all
the artwork like on the wall and just
have an entire I'm not kidding we
probably have I don't know how many
paintings and pieces art we have but
it's gonna cover an entire wall so it's
gonna be a lot of fun to see it all
together don't know exactly what
happened to today but I know it's almost
over time real pain in the butt doesn't
wait it doesn't wait for us does it care
about us jerk it is you're right the
only thing about time is is you don't
have my man we only given so much time
better use it wisely you better use it
how you want to use it
hey who was that oldest trick in the
book
I'm so glad I'm home man
it was a great day that's right yeah one
down one to go
the tough one you getting your ears
cleaned Oh monkey man let me see in
there I mean yeah so you got a shoe in
there how'd you get a shoe in your ear
wait that's an airplane did it airplane
land in your ear
I guess what you guys are cleaning ears
all destroyed are Nitro Circus wanna be
our seatrack osos ain't no problem
putting you to bed huh you're easy easy
he's not that why you smell like a
raccoon you've been playing let me
follow good boy
look awesome you think you look bad yeah
I think you look the best when you have
no makeup on you have something on you
don't anything I have eyebrows oh good
you put your eyes oh my god guys we are
warping past a little bit of time we're
going to bed we gotta call it a night um
anything special anything you want -
guys we love you thanks for hanging out
today it was really just a home day and
I hang out with kids plan Susan what's
wrong with this dog
I don't know he doesn't sleep don't
forget how important you are you were
one of a kind smile
