Haggar Peter can't talk right now hey
hey guys welcome to the yeah can you
start my vlog hey guys hey guys uh I
forget sorry hey guys welcome to the bar
hey guys Roman average know hey Kevin
have a good time hey guys I'm roaming
out wood welcome to the blog ok I'm
Ruben airboats welcome to the V log hey
guys hope you're having an awesome day
we are still in China absolutely
beautiful day and it is my last day I
actually go to the airport at 2 o'clock
have to go home now I've been really
enjoying this man this has been really
fun
I finally adjusted to the time change
and now we're leaving
I slept one hour 30 minutes awesome I
think it better
it's the vlog he lives for you guys is
it all for you guys we were walking up
to the Forbidden City and we're going in
to the forbidden see that only they were
forbidden ATM broke you know what I
learn something on this trip have you
ever been like out and you see like
people visiting the country and they're
always taking pictures that's us that's
us here you don't want to get doors like
this on my house I think it grows bigger
than my house this is the Forbidden City
look at this the structure size dude
these are unbelievable and are all over
the place so here is the city so
all day they were so rattled
oh yeah I don't but she was like oh
14:06 as when they built this interest
so massive that Dorothy you weren't even
born yet dude uh no no I was like a rock
or something rock so many people here
she said eighty thousand people a day
come visit this look at this dude
ruled this place good I mean and all his
wives yeah this is the house so they
were allowed to have many girls multiple
let more than 100 200 up to 3000 at all
three ha ha how do you that is a very
strong man very strong I can barely de
wallen dog like me so you can have a
hundred you can have 200 you can have a
thousand you could have three thousand
girls back now so you see the size of
this place look at this look at this
there's nowhere no way to explain it
how awesome would it be to be able to
watch a time-lapse from start to flight
now of this area history with Roman
history with Roman dude time lapse time
lapse history would be insane just this
staircase a time lapse of the whole life
this must be the forbidden area this is
oh you're not even allowed to go in over
to the guy with a row
the only guy that's allotted there's the
janitor he can mop up I feel like I'm at
a Bieber concert right now if we can't
get past I love this guy right here
rocking the easies imagine carving this
but you can't there's no room for
mistakes you start over when you get
halfway in you accidentally make a
mistake look at this yeah hey Cal that's
a tree in love right there two trees
fell in love and they became one okay
you know crazy that would be in the
States just be playing with your baby in
the backseat backseat click on our
ticket I'm gonna miss China man I could
spend a lot of time here and he didn't
even get to see the coolest parts what
do you mean like this is just amazing
there's that this was the coolest part
just hanging out with you guys let's go
ahead I'm gonna miss our tour guys the
concrete jungle I'm really gonna miss
our tour guide I mean me see woman I
have to go the bathroom I don't care
curtains when I heard ya Street I did a
road everybody liked indoors yeah this
is the new stuff dude that you have to
charge him though if the charger cants
we have found watches all kinds of
watches beautiful beautiful so what's
your name
my name is Jim boy it's Changlong
Channel
close enough uh he dude you're awesome
he said he just spent three days looking
for me
yeah of all places in the watch shot
right and he just helped me negotiate a
deal so thank you hi guys I want you
like us know that Roma is very welcome
and famous in China too and for all the
Asian fans I hope we can get Roman
have his tour in Asia like the Roma
where's toe and I'm so happy to
meet Roma
oh that's so nice so nice Wow he's very
very not ha hey man uh can't you read I
told him I don't speak Chinese
he wrote it in English oh my god we just
went into the twilight zone that do what
just happened like I started spinning
everything went dark and I woke up we're
all wearing Google watches we just spent
so much money alright see you brother
man see you back in Ohio yeah Jimmy
dude so great hanging out with you great
time John love you buddy
man you guys have been absolutely
amazing I'm gonna miss all of you peace
alright thank you so much thank you
you'll see it in later dude
pleasure meeting ya man had fun we are
going home guys it's gonna take a long
time to I really hope this is the right
terminal all the doors are blocked and
closed that's not good right
chu we're good we're good we got this we
got this work on home area all right
guys we've made it through security
we're on our way home the crazy thing
it's like a 13-hour flight and it's a
12-hour time change so I think almost an
entire day is just gonna flash in front
of my eyes which means I'm gonna miss a
vlog which stinks there's no way around
it I'm gonna be on a plane happy to be
going home not had a great time China
you're awesome
here she is oh man here we go I'm ready
I'm ready
go oh
you
guys we have made it back to America I
am in Detroit there was no straight
flights from Beijing to Ohio so I have
one more flight which I kind of just
want to skip entirely and get home
welcome to the jungle baby this is
actually really cool every time I come
through this Airport it's it's different
colors I feel like every time
one more plate one oh it's changing as
awesome I'm starting to get a little
loopy you guys you guys know how I get
when I get loop yeah I just I'm
delirious I've been up and on a plane
for 13 hours and now I'm in Detroit and
to recheck my bags go through customs
u.s. customs and I'm so close to my
family but I'm so far away
here we are here we are
oh my god and expect that hi baby
hahahaha what's everybody yeah behind
him you clean the garage oh I gotta get
my suitcase who's that who's that hi
buddy
a little bunnies eating carrots where's
Noah where is Noah is he hiding is where
is he hiding
now are you serious
is he under this big butt yeah we're
going down for sure hey guys places oh
you know
Zeus miss me oh yay did your craze get
out of here look at me miss me wants to
play all right so I'm home and I'm give
us some gifts a little bit of gifts I
got weight I got fun guys I just want to
say thank you for going to China with me
thanks for coming back with me I got
home last night kind of just shut down
like shut off the camera squeeze my
family to death like we were just
inseparable last night oh my battery's
dying we got started a new day Oh
we are back in Ohio we're back at the
house we're here all week and we're
doing something that I have dreamed
about this week so I hope you'll join me
come along we'll see you tomorrow we
love you smile more you're beautiful but
I'm not no break no break Jimmy oh no
break dude no
this is so awesome happy
