hey guys welcome to the blog we are in
Chicago Illinois check this out the
weather is ridiculous this morning about
crapped my pants let me explain we
weren't landing in Chicago this morning
and first of all let me tell you that I
figured out that I'm really bad at
vlogging when I'm tired like I got up at
4:30 a.m. I couldn't pick up my camera I
just cut my voices like yeah so yeah I
really suck at vlogging when I wake up
we were landing the plane was coming
down we're just about the land and we
took back off dude it was like a
snowstorm in Chicago you get no I fly a
lot this was the first time I was scared
freaking Chicago what are you doing whoa
what up these guys came in from Iowa to
see the premiere tonight how far was
that three four hours two and a half
tuna okay all right we'll see you there
tonight
see you later oh this is awesome
welcome back here boys Chicago really
it's like a higher stomach snowing in
the car yesterday I was walking on the
beach if I kid I'm talking this really
is like Ohio man if you don't like the
weather just wait five ten minutes it's
now sunny no snow as you guys know we're
in Chicago for our very last tour spot
we're gonna split up after today it's
been nice hanging out with you guys
realize man in up this little steak
house your South American steakhouse no
idea what to expect
it smells phenomenal
Oh what is this call em empanadas
empanadas beef I ordered beef now
there's one left one second oh that's
the spicy one you know I'm almost
speechless right now you got sausage
what is this oh my yeah you're like a
puppy dog over there oh I'm so happy
right now we're out here we're so late
like wicked wicked late to our own show
whoa what whoo I could have made it what
up guys you're in the vlog right now
what up how you guys doing you guys
coming tonight
nice why we always late to our own show
like it well I'm starting to think
everybody's like that oh shit well I
love your mom and my mom yeah no we're
just eating Pablos so mad at us look at
him he's so mad
we're so late Pablo's like Poor Dad fits
yo lieutenant antenna hey Pablo you see
buddy sorry we're so late man
I know I know you wanted to tell us time
to rock out the posters 300 of them
tonight let's go I have started to
perfect my signature do that I know it's
not that good but I make my oath on at
would the eyes for the smiley face so
for everybody got the first posters
their name may not be as nice even the
own that would Lodi so watch watch oh my
god is you a desert-like dot dot oh nice
yes my wife
you know I like that John so you guys
know right now our movie came out and
it's pretty friggin hot it's going crazy
on the web and we're still sitting at
number two which to us is number one
because Star Wars is number one they're
like the juggernaut of entertainment is
like us versus the world right now so
tonight at our live show we usually walk
out to something hardcore Slayer Pantera
Metallica something yeah
tonight we're walking out to this
appropriate posters are all done they're
packing them up and we got to go to our
metrio stuff actually in through there
okay but I've got a clip back so you can
stage and they don't see you oh this is
great temporary opening oh this is great
this is awesome
heck yeah this is us tonight man
sold-out theater tonight which is gonna
be a lot of fun I love this holy oh my
god if you fell off this stage yo can we
fill this with water and put alligators
in it it's our last show our last meter
all this tour we're gonna make it fun
tonight super fun
Landon Landon look what he brought me a
whole back dude look look let's go on
stage with lust
whoa it's a lot of snow
hahahaha
are you guys know I love juggling it's
got what's your name dude Jeremy brought
his juggle he's got it ready Oh zing
Daniel distraction stretch because
awesome Road good job
no I can't do that I can try let me try
gentlemen to like 7 years you want you
can I trust you want me to have yeah how
do you do that
and he like smells like
you can't give up for struck that's
awesome
all right hi dude you're going to see me
in my blog do those for real I wanna
practice what's your name dude for any
interesting
Corbett now I'm always mind blown by the
amount of smile more t-shirts some some
of you guys go above and beyond check
this out
you got the smile war in the head bro as
your mom mad at you no sure mom's not
here she's not what kind of influence
would make you do that man
cuz mom here mom's here this is cool
right any night now you got a peg we do
I wanna see her see okay I like to shout
out Sarah Kelly and Lucas they're my
best friends and smile
all right so what's your name did ya
well uh well we'll brought me a really
cool what is in this dude some stuff for
the blog man all right
this swaysway true that so I've been
seeing a lot of these lately man this is
the first one I've seen in person a real
small more it's so good but two years
happy happy - I mean it's so perfect I
would go get mine done whoever you
didn't who did this it's so clean I give
a shout out
I love ya yeah go for brother nacio
Mario that's it thanks for the support
shout out to my brother shoutout to
David shoutout to Marco Sciarra tools a
shout-out to Brian I love you the
kabocha family that's good somehow I
didn't get involved in them look at this
family right here man that is a
beautiful family
oh I don't even see it it's my own I go
you guys are awesome parents alright
don't cry don't cry this I love your
shoes you're awesome
what up dude thing is that your
girlfriend oh shit what could be go get
her go get her guys inside we got to go
which way do we go okay we're just about
to start yeah hey
moving nice and loud tonight like extra
lap of Chicago these are Dennis's close
buddies they drove all the way from
Cincinnati Ohio a six-hour drive about
five five hours they did something very
special to his truck how did you get his
truck I had Bart for my family had a bar
to move some stuff for Vidya for my
sisters or my own version of my nephew
Leo's baptism so you asked hey can we
borrow your head and borrow it we got to
move some stuff yeah you suffer
medallion from the warehouse Robert
patty a lot of offices top center so
these guys happy you guys drove down to
pull one of the greatest surprises of
all time I can't wait to show you I'm so
proud of you guys
no dude he's gonna die he's gonna laugh
so hard yeah yeah nervous man I was like
he was him I know he's gonna love it
all right guys final show but I'm gonna
miss it I can already tell me to miss it
so much right now
more emotional tomorrow to my heart
never seen so many smile more shirts in
my life man you guys are made of I mean
nobody it's the Joe please welcome
the show's almost over we're going to go
up to our QA like we always do a half
way throw them and tell the audience
we're going to tell the audience and you
have a special video it's a whole video
about it is this true it's gonna be
awesome thank you guys
Oh
yo so before we do the next question I
uh I have something kind of a surprise
tonight that nobody's ever seen before
you guys would like to see I'd love to
show it to you pull it up on the screen
come out here you know my truck where
was he on that one
why
haha
what do you think baby
yo come on boy come on dude you got to
go back out you're the dragon everybody
so let me just ask the Sun goes the
booth trigger if these guys wanted to
see that truck in person where would it
be
you know I like the Angry Birds
underwear that is awesome
I'm so happy bro all right we had to
just end it they're about to tow I guess
the police are already here to tow
Dennis's truck out front dude they're
not gonna be able to-- with a thousand
people out there knows give me a
thousand people i got to get a camera
out there other filming hi guys
say what's up the romans vlog
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
favor sing about a Pablo into our next
tour coming this summer theater alright
buddy
see man thanks for everything no I'm
back here either Pablo's been kicked out
of multiple theatres because of us so
we're getting out of the theater right
now I'm headed back to the hotel it is
edit time baby it was a good show
Chicago you were powerful another two
young guys to dawn Nonna Chicago you're
on fire oh yeah guys I am back it feels
good you know what tonight was
unbelievable and amazing but like 90%
I'm sorry to say this all I'm thinking
about getting home to my kids in my
house which I get to go tomorrow morning
the tour is over baby this beautiful
city so on the boring guy I'm the boring
guy I'm the guy I'm the under guy that
goes back to his hotel works every night
everybody goes out to the clubs or bars
or literally the guy that works but I
love it matters when you home to my fam
get get I got some fun ideas for the
vlogs coming up so I have some huge
promises that are going to be fulfilled
in the next two months things that I've
been telling you we're going to do and
we just have it fail to do which is
really exciting so thanks for being here
guys from the bottom of my heart the
movie is everybody said it everybody
that the studio's the producers
everybody's like your viewers have done
this like I swear that's exactly what
they said it's your viewers so pretty
much everybody I know should be coming
on here and thanking you guys and trust
me they all have thanked you guys off
camera we love you so much let's go home
to Ohio tomorrow stick with me I'm going
to edit and pull out out on that bed no
Brittany no cane nothing just me see you
tomorrow guys freakin love you you're
one of a kind you're beautiful don't let
nobody nobody bring you down you're so
special man one-of-a-kind
I know it's tough out there trust me
you're freaking beautiful see you
tomorrow
what did he do what did he do I need you
to back up just tell me what he did so
I'm gonna take your camera you foolishly
use as evidence would you like me to use
your camera's evidence now
