ah here we go guys before this vlog
starts I want to give you the most
sincere thank you that I can possibly
give you I don't care if I get hate for
thanking you guys because let's face it
you and I both know that I'm only here
because of you
I only have what I have because of your
support and how you're loyal and you're
here through the worst vlogs the bad
blogs the short vlog is the good vlogs
you're always here you're always
supporting I know what I have and I'm
very blessed to have you guys and today
is my biggest challenge ever I think
this will be our biggest challenge ever
together after two and a half years my
movies out it is out it's finally out
and I'm just so excited to get it out to
you guys it's been you know hard it is
the whole things back and not tell you
guys certain things that is the movie
like I'm dying for you to see it we are
going up against the hardest challenge
ever
Star Wars comes out at the same time so
I guess what I'm saying is even if we
can get to number two on iTunes it would
be a massive success I'm talking like
phenomenal now I know your power I know
what you guys are capable of and I hope
that you're ready to watch this movie I
will put the link in the top of the
description of this vlog go smash it go
watch this movie man and tell me what
you think is a lot of work is a lot of
fun and I'm just dying for you to see it
I thank you guys I will never quit
thanking you I appreciate everything you
do and I'm blessed to have every single
one of you so thank you let's get this
vlog started I spit on the camera just
now let's go
I love you guys oh I love you baby I'll
see you soon okay you're gonna that's
right hey guys welcome to the vlog mommy
daddy's gotta go I love you guys I love
you more your movie comes out I really
want you too bud
I'll be back okay give me thumbs up give
me thumbs up boom love you guys
you're the best bye bye I'll be back
soon
love you alright guys were working over
to Sirius XM satellite radio and this is
crazy to me I didn't even know that
we're going on the jason Ellis show on
faction which it's crazy to me cuz I
used to listen to him all the time and I
never knew I was coming on the show
until right now like five minutes ago so
I'm pumped so what up guys Solly nice to
meet you hey you got my hello I'm Jamie
what up dude nice to meet you man
Roman Dennis and Vitaly a brother named
in a movie now you're more famous to me
prick you guys are like giant heroes my
kids don't give a crap about me they
like you so you you made you your what a
success story that is any live
broadcasts are happening in this room
right now I can launch I'm chatting -
 you
I'll just extremes going this it's a new
day and age and everyone's just filming
everything and holding cameras realize I
don't want to be on any of your social
media because my daughter's friends are
on it and then somehow it'll link to
this show and then the block huh
he says he's all bad yes born pranksters
in theaters on DVD and available for a
digital demo go to itunes mangas number
one let's do it think that Star Wars
Roman he'll save a 14-year olds life
Travis is etcher here's half ago I guess
he kind of Pellinore you 13 then fell
into a really really dark spot lots of
troubles in school and
he's you know threatened suicide about a
year ago he found Roman Atwood and he
filled the whole smile board campaign
and I just completely pumped I mean the
kid is just all about it every day home
you know can't wait to get home to get
on YouTube it's tac4 video the nicest I
guess I just want to call and say thank
you because I really think you've helped
been an inspiration and help them turn
things around super fun interview lots
of energy man Jason and his crew I know
it's so hard to work here in Los Angeles
please be very yeah go get our face make
it real frightening
it's absolutely fresh is how that was
fun I guess
fun energy literally it's and it flew by
yeah my ass look at these worker bees
man all social media crazy it's game
time it is game time it really is let me
explain something to you guys to even
beyond the top 200 charts of iTunes is
extremely difficult
I mean it's extremely hard to be in the
top 200 in the entire world come iTunes
right yeah it's done oh yeah it's very
difficult so last night we were lucky
enough to break into the 200s on iTunes
before our movie even came out we were
in the 200s we hit 200 right now before
our movies even out in the US we just
hit we are climbing up to number 49
before it's even out in the US this is
oh my god I got even a thirty minutes
ago or 50 - so here's the crazy part
about vlogging as you guys are watching
this the movies out and this is all
different but for us right now live our
movies not even out yet we've hit number
49 which ones you guys have been free
buying this movie
it's insane to think you'd be thinking
to do this should throw them in the
comments like what rank movie is when
they're watching about yes tell us what
right I told them if we hit - that's the
most massive success we get a losing one
you want to hit one it's awesome for a
slow world right now because we're going
against the biggest movie in history
friggin star wars so hey man we got to
embrace it we all live it we got to own
it such a pretty day out oh my gosh they
said that a guy read why was it I'm sure
huh oh my god is this a cool part are
you excited
what do you want to do first the slide
are you coming yep you innocent on my
lap okay sure can I making it my shoe on
that was fun
I'm sorry I hope the winds not very bad
I don't have my little wind stickies on
here because it's a new camera so I hope
it's not too windy and it's gorgeous
yes their King yeah are you spider-man
good job buddy
you can do it good job you got it you
got it one more so now that Lori's here
he said he would go up in the tower so
we're going up now
I swear that kid will do anything for
Lori you gotta throw away your corn
first what's in there I think that's
cool we are done at the park we're in
the head to dinner caner you can take
all of us girls to dinner huh me or a
thumbs up is that a thumbs up he's being
a tribe he said he can't drive but he
wants to go to dinner with all huh I got
your iPod don't worry we got you covered
so we are headed to dinner photo booth
he said look at this view I immediately
grab my blog camera thank vitally for
this view man this city is so friggin
beautiful I can't get enough and I know
this sounds crazy but we're less than 2
outwait wide I see 2 hours long as it
comes out 9 p.m. here or midnight here
99 we're less than two hours away from
the release of our movie it comes out oh
I want to throw up I'm gonna sit in my
car hmm where we at where are we at
right now we are in noches con gluttony
tone and where's it's a night I'm sorry
you know that don't you late my second
go Andrew
now I believe yesterday we were supposed
to do human bowling is that gonna happen
here
yeah looks like it's a big space human
yes we are yeah yeah yeah my fam can
pick a bam bam
hey so what what was what show is this
oh my god this looks awesome
whoa it's like giant pins whoa can
anybody tell me what show this is like
what are we doing what show is this so
it's the most popular Hispanic
late-night show the Spanish yes
Selena show bro yes
and not just calm death and eat though
we have our hosts whoo let me go
gluttony toe no no little banana little
banana ha ha ha so that's your that's
our host a little banana such a
beautiful view of the city tonight bro
just I'm glad we could spin it together
Mexico bro all guys we're up to 41 the
hola 41 41 we're climbing at 41 on the
charts yeah can we keep up it's not even
out yet this page girls with big butts
see play this oh oh you guys are awesome
this is the show run there's Batali all
right getting ready go on what's your
name Alina Adina Alina hey Dina it mean
under blue and Spanish yes how do I say
natural born behind stir natural born
yeah I don't know if you know what I'm
not even gonna say it anyway you guys
tell me in the comments how do you say
natural born pranksters in whatever
language you speak that would be cool
tell me what language and how you say
that's awesome cool we're now at 38 top
238 and it we stopped an hour till it
comes out oh you know I told everybody
that if they shared the link to iTunes I
was gonna follow every single one of
them and I have just been sitting here
following every single one of them it's
gonna take a while so this is the show
we're going on right now and for my
Hispanic viewers what channel is this on
60 grand huh
Oh 62 constant on this Australia
Australia Australia Australia TV it's a
straight in he's gotta shoot behind the
scenes backstage right now on the show
why don't you use like I know I should
upgrade then real busy busy busy our
movies coming out in like minutes 20
minutes 20 minutes
we're number 37 number 2 and pre-order
Dillard is number one right now get it
yeah oh there's Vitaly right there bond
over here
I just missed so much good please know
this not to scar underneath oh not
natural natural not chest not chest
Jovan cleansing HS car no doughnuts on
donkey tonight not just gonna have to
Neto which stands for a little banana
movie economical dummies no just those
four hey guys I'm Roman Atwood
there was Rudy Kali's arabesque II and
then all three of us say thanks for
watching Naturals con Clanton evil can
we notice no cheese no chess everyone
I'm roaming at with Dennis Roady and
haven't told us they're a bit scared
don't miss no just calm tonight tonight
a good bit of get the dish hey guys I'm
roaming out with Dennis Roady and i'm
vitaly Servette ski catch us tonight on
nut jazz dog kind of like okay ready hey
guys I'm Roman Atwood I'm Dennis Roady
and I'm Vitelli rescue catch us tonight
on know just gone what any haven't our
servants cue catch us tonight on not
just gone the plan II thought hey it's
not them I think it's funny house keep
all the mistakes
uh-huh no just God let the heat though
hey that was perfectly alright first on
first try one take hit it hit it
if we're it she better be kidding she
better Oh 3232 like hey what time is it
37 we're gonna Hitler comes out three
minutes
hopefully it's early guys right now I'm
sharing a moment with you
my movie is out it is out right now it's
right now throw up oh good job give me a
hug you guys oh oh she's really doing it
yo uh we got natural born pranksters
heading to the top you're gonna prank
you coming to your block we all up in LA
watch out Chicago they're gonna come
pillage shouts out Bravo I don't know
why but let's get it all right
there you have it
this guy's are they walking over here
all right they're making me move but I'm
gonna record from up top guys are about
to go up on Spanish TV up there oh I
want to get a little bit so far yeah
probably
okay Quinn get in here then
Oh
okay so we're moving off the stage we're
playing the bowling bowling game um I
don't know what to expect actually don't
do to do okay it's bowling to the next
level okay
we're always down for the next level oh
my yeah we're gonna get some from dr.
Seuss Mobile no fees look which one's
mine
um I just have different shoe sizes for
you guys okay okay
I wanted a I have different kinds of
sizes they're gonna be your little
shorts you're gonna want to wear a cup
cuz you're gonna be sliding down where
Cup yeah and these are these are these
are new cups yes they have been just
button and then here's them um
tank top yo the zipper goes all the way
up like all the way up benevelon
yeah my partner but you gonna look like
an old frog I feel like a sausage casing
haha come on me human bowling time yeah
when I heard human bowling I was excited
this is way bigger than I thought would
be
a few insights bowling basically yeah
but it's like I didn't name outfits and
the build opens oh we got competition
okay yellow good Wow
this is for real it's legit nasties like
jelly tour mom he's turning blue
Mikey how's it looking kinda getting a
slick yeah Oh actually we all spit in a
bucatini well that makes me feel better
what I knew it Suman on the package a
sound bath ready aw dude I'm losing
battery on the day Heather his head hit
the wall I not saw it
it's bad film it I don't know Christian
had my camel come on goodies pink he
didn't know I hope we got hurt yeah we
know
oh my oh did you fall to do knock your
tooth out this floor is cursed
yo my camera's totally dead my battery's
flashing red
it is okay yeah
oh well guys my camera died here it is
so I just got back to the room Brittany
that's why I'm gonna end the vlog guys
thank you so freaking much as of now we
are number 16 on iTunes so um you can't
do it without you guys
thank you so much if we hit number 2 it
will be like ridiculous
so tell me that how much what number it
is right now for you I love you thanks
for all the support and love hope you
really enjoyed the movie it's such a fun
movie to watch we will see you tomorrow
mom one freaking beautiful if any of you
guys want to know what it's like to be
really tired with a four year old this
is it hey hey I'm just gonna get a
little rest here guys just a little
press
