real 92.3 LA's hip-hop and R&B how are
you you're on camera right now you guys
say cheese I wanna take a picture
No so what's up guys hope you're having
an awesome day welcome to the vlog
channel we are at Big Boi uh maybe you
guys have seen him he's interviewed just
about everybody in the entire world
Oh guys the Gangnam style I remember
when that was like the biggest thing on
the planet
I still think his his one video still
has more than all my videos combined
that I've ever made in my entire life he
gotten like okay hey what up big boy
y'all have it oh I'm afraid with you
explode on your some big voice in the
movie guys what a great part Maddie -
wait you guys seen this video online
it's super viral yeah man 70 million
Talent Roman that's you big boy Howard
right good I did not know that was you
I've seen that video on every social
platform that's awesome I cannot get
over this la weather every time I'm here
every time I'm here I just cannot
believe it I'll say popcorns on sorry
really nice to meet you a good me
usually and then get to meet you guys we
just wrap I hope I will definitely start
to have another baby
their turns is their hope you guys are
having such a good day and I hope you're
being positive I know things go wrong
every single day all of our lives
trust me I'm with you I'm here at Lions
Gate right now and everything seems so
perfect but believe me behind the scenes
we are all struggling with things trust
me on that
I just love you guys man I hope you're
being positive don't let nobody bring
you down every day there's just people
trying to bring you down baby
don't let them you're bigger than that
so I'm not really sure what we're doing
at lines gear right now but I can tell
you they brought us a lot of good
cookies Wow how you feeling dude you're
an animal Batali hasn't slept at all he
went straight from the premiere last
night to here
well you made your first movie man I
know you live in the dream so I know you
guys are probably getting a little tired
of the press vlogs I know Brittany was
gonna vlog today and I left without the
the SD card for her so tomorrow she will
be vlogging I've skipped a lot of it for
you today and we're gonna we're gonna
wrap it up on the last one here are we
doing human bowling here is human
growing is that the I don't even know
what that is
I think it's where you get in the big
ball and you oh I don't know I guess
we'll see we'll see hopefully it's fun
Peter mm man like in a big ball and I'll
push you in the depends well or I get in
and my gosh are you how are you um look
I made a shirt just for you honey
look at this yeah oh yeah this is the Oh
mom closer closer
mom no so what happened ma'am you
tricked us well why is it human bowling
is this twist you got it twisted who
caught us in the corn
boy it's good for your legs good for you
to stretch our and all like that stuff
got a drill we need a neutral spinner
here I don't know what just happened I
have no idea which and what is this oh
well he's monkey business I am kangaroo
business I guess where are we into the
wrong set you're not at the alley oh
that's cool I guess like Grand Theft
Auto what is this I'm just as confused
as you are right now on what is
happening you know when you've woken up
and you're like you had this really
weird dream that you can't explain
that's exactly what just happened to me
I don't know what just happened or where
we even are tour mom just said we're
doing a human bowling tomorrow you
reckon I screwed up I screwed up yeah
tomorrow night and it's like when you
get in a big ball and you roll this is
this is a disaster guys hey man so well
we just did - did you - of all places I
don't know what that was he's on us oh
my god I think she set us up is what she
did did you just do this you really
wasting our time but you guys have been
wasting my time for like ten oh oh my
god dude this all your fault when I'm
making the flight dick dude I just got
to bend over that guy well played yeah
she really bring this I guess hormones
pulling stunts now guys we got a we got
to step up our game all right that's
fine
game on the good news is we're wrapping
and it's only six o'clock so I get to go
hang out with Kane he's been swimming in
the pool day and ah get some family time
hey what's up oh my god have you been
swimming it's so cold
look at this ah what do you think of
this cool this feels right Judas
yes you guys he was just like hanging on
I forgot all my son's stuff he was just
hanging out in the hot tub you know he's
just like sitting there I was like does
it feel good it was we were supposed to
be another two hours but it ended early
so we gonna go up to the room and just
sleep all night yeah that's not gonna so
excited to show me what does it do the
mirror whoa
touchscreen me that's Oh what is the
future coming to any buttons on the
mirror now you know it's super crazy
guys
he's obviously I can do TV shows or
movies stuff red carpets interviews I
can do all of that what makes me so
excited is just coming back here and
hugging you guys look at this little
monster and I'm trying to pretend like
I'm not half-asleep
I'm so tired if any of you guys want to
know what it's like to be really tired
with a four-year-old this is it hey I'm
just gonna get a little rest here guys
just a little sleep till Birnam well hey
mostly - what'd you think of that came
that's cool this is what I love about LA
there's movies being made everywhere so
believe it or not Caine let me sleep a
little bit in return I promised him we
would go to
Pierre down here hey cane cane that's
where we won your monkey right there
remember yeah dude yeah keep going you
got a whole bucket all right keep going
this is like the hardest you getting
vanilla that's really nice it's really
nice you two get a poop at for Noah gain
we think my hat hold it there you go
try again
oh man guys I might just cancel the rest
of the tour
to stay here oh no come on Kane I need
your help buddy
alright guys warping back to our room we
had a good time I got to take a second
and shout out audible.com for always
hooking you guys up with the audio books
they have a hundred and eighty thousand
books if you're someone like me who just
doesn't want to read but I want to
listen to a book go to audible.com for
slash Roman they'll give you 33 days
just for using that wanna fight boy so
audible.com one of our favorite sponsors
on this channel I shout them out every
month every other month check it out I'm
telling you like books are awesome but
if you're like me I just can't
concentrate like I read and it goes
right in and out like I don't I don't
remember that good at it so um but I can
listen to it anywhere literally on your
phone in the shower on a plane you can
listen to it check it out
use audible.com/anna the drill I'll put
the link in the description hey did you
have fun at the pier I did ami I didn't
have fun we don't have fun in this
family you know that you don't even want
to smile on this family got it I caught
it I like this poop hat dude I might
wear this tomorrow for press more press
the show up I'm gonna poop at guys
thanks for all the support and sticking
through the weird days the press days I
skipped almost all the press today
because I know it's getting repetitive
and I know it's getting just the same
thing over and on and trust me it is for
me too walking and doing radio all day
it is the same like literally the same
five questions every single spot so I
feel like I'm repeating myself
um but it's it's it's it's it's
interesting and it's new and it's cool
to just experience it and I and I do
want to look back on these vlogs and get
to see that stuff so a lot of this is
for us as well tomorrow I have a lot
more press but Britney is going to vlog
their day so
lot of the vlog will be them having fun
you know Brittany vlog / Roman vlog
tomorrow / Kane / poop hat so it should
be pretty fun day guys we love you
thanks for the support and if you're
watching this the day I upload it the
movie comes out tomorrow oh my god I'm
nervous I'm excited I'm anxious I'm like
it's been 2 years let's get this thing
out I'm ready I'm ready ready ready
thank you guys for the love we will see
you tomorrow
smile my look your shows up Steve oh my
man it's right here real quick
all right straight ahead guys right here
