hey guys welcome to the vlog as most of
you guys know I had to go to Atlanta
Georgia that is exactly where I'm at an
absolute ridiculous story trying to get
here uh and caught when we were in
Columbus this morning had to get up at
4:00 a.m. jump on a flight the power was
out we had the craziest storms the house
was shaken Christian was staying with me
he's like I thought the house was gonna
take off like it was that bad
so anyways I'm here we're in Georgia
we're about to start some press today
and then our movie premiere is tonight
here so let's go let's get it started
hope you guys are having such a good day
man I can't even remember the last time
I was in Georgia or if I've been to
Atlanta Georgia I know it has the
biggest aquarium in the country I would
die to go there I heard you can swim in
the aquariums with the sharks and stuff
what do you mean I missed it buzz it
again we're failing today
okay so we got Zach here he's a very
very well-known photographer in the
streets of Atlanta what was that was the
coolest uh that you've ever photographed
little Wayne with little wine for sure
yeah yeah I just guess that yeah in
there did you ever shoot him I have a
shot at him now the coolest recent she
today was Andre 3000 okay I was the
first person to shoot him in like seven
years he hasn't assumed what happened to
him yeah he is taking us to uh you got
some cool locations in Atlanta back cool
okay he's a big photographer here in
town he's gonna take us out we're not
prepared for this whatsoever
well I'm shaving three months we got a
wig shop big shot set up yeah oh is it
your head oh my god
oh you just talk my right Liz it's a
beet huh let me see oh it's a bad now
you just got a nice little scrape
oh that girl is so madam
but it wasn't it wasn't um the rice cake
together so never ice yeah we're kind of
we're kind of failing I hear butters
we're just having fun goofing off we did
get one really good one you get it not
really sure what part of the
neighborhood we're in but this is a
really cool area
it's like lots of graffiti paint people
hanging out eating drinking sipping on
gin and Guice you don't see this every
day please free it police station right
next to the pot shop makes these streets
of Atlanta yo all the lights are on
I'm not even kidding check this out I
swear all the lights are on look when I
sit down oh but there's no key I totally
want to drive one of these one day I've
never driven one in my life believe that
you could destroy anything dude like and
you want me get in this guy's truck he's
crazy
you had me sit on people's motorcycles
out there now you just want me laying
his bet it's how we do it baby so you
owe me laying this rock good photos you
got to do some watching for guys with
guns out of four people in the last four
minutes we're good we're good
there we go this is somebody's baby you
know that yeah it would be all right
such a weird day I've never just showed
up to a city walked around the city and
done photos with a guy like it's really
fun like we're just using everything we
have it's not like a backdrop shot it's
like we walk around the city we see
something and we use it for our
photographs after I'll show you guys
some of these that's a wrap on her hey
man I was funded that was for you you
ain't going nowhere here y'all nowhere
I'll turn it on now turn it on nothing
Pablo dude you look as tired as I feel
yeah but no sleep not even a single
minute last night we're on 24 hours
without sleep okay so uh Lana Georgia is
huge leave the screen
uh oh uh okay quit it you're all
business well Pablo used to be fun now
you're just like it's time to work let's
go let's hustle
you guys know the routine 300 posters
298 tonight
tsunami 298 G cheer cut I did look good
I need ya I'm gonna get my fro busted
297 laughs if the silver 196
oh this is a new one for me
blue cheese balls ooh yo somebody wanted
do you like it stick in your mouth dude
come on follow yo eat it eat it cheap
yo Vitaly eatable eat a cheese he'll
come on I got a tinder dating couple
hours he'll be smelling this for life
want to bleach it over just one bite you
bite I'll bite it if you bite it after
you know I know you work bro you're just
smelly I swear I won't you take it and
smell that just take a big whiff dude
take up everything I already did get
that okay take a big whiff did look all
right guys time for that meet-and-greet
300 298 people I bet there's more than
that though Pablo always says that to
make us think we're gonna get done
quicker but there ends up being way more
I know we didn't sleep last night for
our pictures are look so bad we got a
lot of people so let's go out and just
give it all of us energy let's go out
and have fun he's dead I'll just say one
thing
okay before we go in there that's
awesome dude thank you man
hey talentworks
my brother so you broke your own running
scooter huh I'm just gonna write smile
more because I know you need some
reminders there you go I get a shout out
which ones that
shout-out to Connor and my parents and
Jason and Owen what about the girl you
were trying to impress when you broke
your arm okay Nicole just had me right
smile more on this piece of paper and
she's getting that exact tattoo on her
arm right better send the official so I
can put in the water you're awesome yeah
I don't believe you okay I swear you I
was parachuting off the balcony and my
files like I did Wow yeah in your vlog I
parachute it off I got the parachute I
jumped off and I miss it without I'm
such a bad employee far bigger kid
you're a grown man you can't do that
well I saw you do it so I had to do it
that's right we're just at work okay all
right I'll sign that for sure that's a
fresh heart
yo I love been friends with ya
it was a long meeting gree on Dennis oh
you know we can look at you guys and
pretend this tour hasn't been a little
tough on all of us physically mentally
but has been it's been it's been us lots
exhausting man it's really good food
good drinks good people it is what up
guys
no time to waste we are going out to
intro the movie right now and then it's
It's Showtime
this night is wrapping up a side uh-oh
here we go
here we go
that's rough oh what a night what a good
night thank you man
only oh boy see you guys see you guys oh
boy oh boy
guys back to my hotel and I have no idea
what I film today there was
I'm not kidding when I say there was no
sleep last night zero sleep I'm going on
a full 36 hours no sleep right now so
I'm hurting really bad I gotta edit this
vlog thanks for bearing with me I know
that I've been traveling a lot and I'm
dying to just be home with my family I
just got off FaceTime of Noah I should
have blogged someone but it's just such
a crazy part of my career is leaving
home so I just thank you for bearing
with me on some of these weird travel
vlogs where I'm just I've been a little
emotional missing my family but I've
also been excited my movies coming out
it's just it's such a teeter totter and
I know it's hard to I know it's hard to
understand and explain especially if you
don't have kids and I guess what I'm
just saying is uh thank you guys for
being here being a part of all this and
just supporting us on you know whether
I'm traveling or at home thank you guys
it means the world and uh you know
sitting there tonight watching the movie
from the the balcony is so surreal you
guys support your QA after it's just it
makes me realize exactly why I'm doing
what I'm doing and when you guys stand
up and you you tell me that I've changed
your life forever
you know I know that sounds silly to
maybe a lot of you but somebody out
there watching right now I've truly
helped him man and that's that's exactly
why I want to do this I want to help
people there's such a disconnect right
now with with people in in the world
there's so much negativity and
I created smile mortar to change the
world I wanna I want to change the world
man I know this all sounds crazy and I'm
delirious I'm tired and I'm really just
speaking from the heart here so thank
you guys for absolutely everything every
I have nothing without you guys so thank
you thank you thank you
that being said I have a super early
flight to Los Angeles tomorrow where the
family will be joining me so we're only
apart for one day the family will be in
LA with me which is super exciting and
you know we get to do the family stuff
and the movie stuff so it should be good
it should be fun thank you guys for
putting up with all my talking thank you
for being here we will see you tomorrow
that's it well I got your beautiful your
one-of-a-kind smile more
oh yes slam it slam it
