hey everybody welcome to the Atwood
Easter some beautiful flowers some
beautiful family oh you know people
yeah beautiful people you guys welcome
to our Easter it's starting off a little
late I'm gonna be honest with you my
parents walked in and I you know we're
talking I said you know I'm not gonna
vlog on Easter I want to just hang out
with everybody and everybody everybody
said weren't you vlogging it was your
exact words well it's because I brought
something I wanted to show on these the
Dales garden video yeah the garden video
these were the tomatoes and so you grew
these in your basement absolutely honey
have you seen the Martian with Matt
Damon no no any harvests on Mars yeah
Martha Martha well you really is in your
basement et grow huh my dad was really
excited in fact he influenced me so
heavily to vlog just to show you that he
grew tomatoes in his basement yeah the
truth is you can grow things in your
race together legal this one can what is
this so I brought Brit don't show your
what yeah hang on a second stand over
here stand right there
I just you look you look beautiful today
I just want a song wait so what is this
plug it just turns into a rag a tap oh
my gosh oh wow you grow that in your
basement - yeah I did yeah only good you
don't get many off a plant though so
welcome guys welcome we are gonna hang
out today with the family we got people
coming over my brother close family
Christian and I are over here working we
never stop work and but it is time to
shut down a little bit
and start today look at this little girl
jumping on pinball you're doing good
that's the secret of this pinball
machine pull out the Cameron everybody
loses walk away
I know you're doing good this is good
for you are the best I got in like a
long time no pressure no pressure
happy Easter happy Easter okay let me
see your feet I'm gonna show me yeah
this is what happened this is what
happens when you scooter all day with no
shoes on
you ain't got no souls left boy oh did
you get it
oh he earned it Zeus oh my oh no Zeus
you shark he's a land shark well we can
make this the Zeus truck dog vs. Arce
day sometimes we win I'd say today's a
successful day for Zeus Oh My gods is
still running though if you have a dog
don't let your dog chase on a half
battery we just realized that was from
yesterday yesterday's vlog I didn't even
vlog of a week we will reward us out
with the battery and that whip at bat so
hey hey my brother from the same mothers
here what up what is this oh I made us
some rice krispies Easter bunnies you
made them you made them both oh let's
have it all right let's have it this
okay only if you've been with this
channel for almost three years two over
two years definitely over to you over
two years you'll remember a vlog a long
time ago where I said I lost my blog
camera today that is this camera that
Dale found at his factory
it's literally brand new it almost got
sealed in forever was it in that box
yeah it's down
see on it a cabinet shop for storage for
total story I saw this little black
slipper Mike Gousha meaning black in
there open up bone so when I said I lost
my blog camera Dale has officially bound
the vlog camera we're gonna pull the
footage off here tonight look at it I
have no idea what's on it that was your
density my lasers yeah no I saw it I
went for a long time hey only have you
been watched a long time you remember I
lost this so here we are we're gonna
pull this tonight see what's on it I'm
excited
hope you guys had an awesome Easter
because I'm gonna tell you this ours is
about to be good look at all this
chocolate rice krispies pac-man
cheesecake what is this
Oh banana mmm can we Pete can we peek oh
my god Oh even even Zeus got an Easter
plate today how is it buddy
that means good all the food is ten out
of ten guys thanks for bringing it what
you think buddy huh yeah man things good
no and I are moving over to Jess's
famous rice krispie treats which one you
out blue chocolate this one oh yeah just
gonna take his cheek right off fair oh
just threw up backwards what are you
guys making eggs custom wooden eggs Wow
can wait are these wedding wedding what
is the other wood painting a wood egg I
thought they were white real they do
look real I thought they were real to it
when I saw him in the thing I thought
they were real maybe they are don't drop
on okay so most of you probably remember
at Christmastime we got a basketball
hoop the weather is finally beautiful
I'm gonna pull down and pick it up and
we're gonna set this thing up hopefully
whoa
yeah Zeus how you doing baby happy
Easter boy you tired even playing hard
oh you know what this is this is my
brother's here I can finally set this up
time frame is hardened freedom wrenches
though hey dude I got real Jew
screwdriver I got everything
I hope this probably comes with every
tool you need you know thank goodness we
got this slam-it rim because you know
I'm a dunker definitely at 4 feet tall
yeah you can stand out you can ride on
it oh boy
this looks like more than I thought it
would be nasty I don't like this I like
to break the ban we want to shatter it
like the movies
now this teens 9/16 3/4 scrap wood
rubber mallet electric drill sand funnel
water hose 3/16 allen wrench two of them
included all right man we'll call me
when you're done I'll be uh checking out
this desert in here enjoy you're gonna
need the wrenches I got that for sure
I'm just gonna get the whole toolbox
like you drew I got this I got this
are we gonna take a break from this
thing holy crap
kids if you have a dad or mom or anyone
you know to build one of these for you
you make sure you go get my hug right
things this is crazy we go hunt for eggs
yeah let's do it come on
ready whoo whoa how's that radical man
look out for the school sheet Brown it
just lays in the yard
go put it up a nanny hey Lou the fast no
is running oh man they scooping them up
you know oh you got it oh I'll tell you
guys a secret but there's one egg with
$500 in no one knows I'm kidding Wow
nice
- droppings you got to use the force
you didn't find it
keep looking you get me looking a while
for that woman but you guys got a lot of
eggs man dang the guys are doing some
work today teamwork makes the dream work
you know just sitting here thinking
we're racing the sunset our little
cheerleaders ready to cheer but we got
no best our drill just dot I all we need
is this corner how about a power plug in
drill I don't have much plug in well
maybe let's get the great tip
what thing bring it back down no you
want to take that off you're gonna take
off move it Oh drives me nuts I leave
those on everything did you like it
you're like a new CD player you just
leave it off you write play came the
rise of the basketball hoop oh we can
put the net on from the back of the
truck hold onto the hose here we go
hope it holds the seal came you're not
so tall I didn't know you were that tall
what do you look like a zombie uh plants
for zombies mom are you pouring bleach
in here for what's the little helps from
algae to grow yep put more in there put
more more more MORE
is it a tablespoon that's it yeah okay
huh okay so I say if you add bleach to
this would fill in ours with water you
can put sand in it all we have is water
they say if you put up a little bit of
bleach in it it will keep algae from
growing got it okay take this shoe not
like I got a hose and bleach on my new
dress I got that bleaching hose get that
bleaching hose ina take the first shot
boy zip oh no that's it first shot he
makes
so this is not regulation height we've
lowered it for the kids and for me so I
can slam
so yesterday I explained you guys I
reckon it drone into the gutters yeah
nice so we just played it we just played
a game of pig my dad beat me bad and
beat all of us now we're playing a game
of around the world and my dad's beating
us so we got to step it up boys come on
now you're gonna catch me doing this one
try first time hmm ready yep hmm Viking
bye mama
pyro ba see everybody yeah everyone's
leaving and it's time I can't leave your
even in the house right now you mud dog
come on let's go
you know what time it is it's bubble
bath time
the dirty boy Suze he like it dirty boy
he's gonna need brushed after that
Bonita has a big dog completely knows
what this is like he's lived it up all
day he's planning to must live in the
dream you happy he was living at them
you think actually it feels good some
attention from Daddy on purpose just so
you scrub by his master okay is he dry
just doing that famous underbelly dry
azuz he's enjoying it loves Italy good
mm-hmm nothing good this is like it's
like living with a baby bear I really
feel like that's no baby bear his
footprints are still uh
you know everything we've done to this
house he really can't do much worse to
it
good boy lay on your beach towel boy
yeah he doesn't know how to stay on his
towel it's pretty crazy et phone home
mom on your child on your mark
good boy well close yeah he just wants
me that's it you don't care about slam
it slam it thanks for holding it down I
knew we can get you up there here we go
we out of here what a good day what a
good fun day because Christian sit on
the back you didn't think that I would
leave you there oh this is fun
I'm so glad we got this hooked up yeah
alright guys gonna break out the
leftovers already look at all this food
uh-huh uh-huh that Noah's Kane's whose
is it no is anything after I heat this
up we are going to put in my old vlog
camera footage and see what's on there
okay gather around my friends gather
around now here's what I can't figure
out maybe you guys can help me out there
is a chance that the footage on this
camera made it into a vlog and then I
didn't clear the card and then I lost
the camera there is that possibility
there are definitely Clips it could have
never made it into the vlog because I
did lose the camera so maybe you guys
can help me so I'm going to show a
couple clips and then we'll find out
whether it was ever in a vlog or not hey
the file says December 21st 2003
tene 11:26 a.m. so it was in the morning
here we go that's in our old house yeah
classes
that's just what you should been playing
with and you already have two treats
what are you doing Brett you know I'm
making Christmas cards for us crazy
looks so different
tough guys day two on the Christmas
shopping extravaganza Christmas shopping
we laugh it up we are the kids spent the
night at my parents house dad
all right nothing starting on there I
thought man I thought we're gonna find
like a gym I mean it's cool to see you
guys so little and cute still you're
still always my babies you're always my
babies no matter how old you beat you'll
still be my baby
all right guys because I have to get up
at 4:00 a.m. for my flight tomorrow did
you have a good Easter buddy we on my
phone you plan on my phone hey hey hey
did you have a good Easter yeah mommy
drove a good Easter as much as I want to
end this vlog I just can't it's too
oh my gosh I hope you guys had an
awesome day yesterday today whatever
time it is I hope you're feeling great
we love you here at the outward house we
will see you tomorrow thanks for
watching today I wasn't even gonna vlog
I swear I was like I'm gonna take Easter
off I'm gonna I'm gonna hang out with
Jeezy can't hang out with these animals
Bernays don't cry it's don't cry I feel
so loved right now I do I feel like they
just want more daddy they know they know
I'm leaving in a few hours that's right
there's okay come on hop on up on the
shoulder ride think I miss you tickle me
drop it oh my gosh guys we love you we
will see you tomorrow thanks for
everything and that's it anybody wanna
say anything oh we love you we'll see
the moss maman what do you think what
did you do to my fish tank what is this
cardboard thing be kind of odd there's a
cardboard ring around the port I don't
that sweet no it's so dumb
