hey guys welcome to the vlog I am a home
I'm home I'm home
I can't get gas Brittany just ran out to
get us a big ham for tomorrow it's
Easter tomorrow so I'm gonna be home
with the family gosh I've been gone two
weeks there's so much to talk about
there's so many things that have come to
the house there's so much to show you
guys I don't know where to start
absolutely beautiful outside so I think
I'm just going to take the kids out play
for a little bit get some one-on-one
time I get to be home for two days so
let's soak it in man let's soak it up to
one of our biggest updates and most
exciting to us is our smile Moore
building is officially complete they
have poured all the concrete the house
is still a little bit of a construction
site but it actually makes it fun man
let's do the stuff to play with
uh-oh did you slam it down
look he's looking for where's your ball
goes this hey you got me you got me
partner
what happened little buddy man down
manda Oh running inside real fast while
we were gone tracks this to us another
package canes so excited let me see this
is oh so thank you for you you like that
check that thing out you can open it if
you want yeah
tear it open send us a couple new trucks
dude I love these guys I love when you
guys and companies send us gifts that
the family can use together this is not
a sponsorship they do not pay me to
endorse their product they just know we
love their products so they keep sending
us stuff that is wicked
that is awesome and in return their
products get seen in the vlogs it's it's
something it's a win-win mMmmm we think
cool um really nice and no scratches boy
have fun nah they said something to me -
you guys got trucks I got something -
what is it go open it for me what is it
look at this truck oh my god it's
printed on it they made me a custom
slash freaking smile more truck look
he's got my name on it
how do you want to drive this I want to
put it in our store in our new shop and
just put it up on the wall I want to get
it money you guys know I love our C's
like I'm fascinated with them since I
was a little kid I loved RC cars trucks
whatever anything RC and to get and
receive an RC custom-made from the
company this is unbelievable I love it
Christian just showed up what's up buddy
now he's bringing all the gifts from the
tour all your guys's paintings that you
bring us it's crazy
what you think awesome
mm-hmm perfect with all the cones
everyone hit one well you think boy
straight up guys I'm just gonna say it
it feels good to be home and we're
hanging out Christian's here for the
weekend we got family time what's up
dude
oh you're gonna spin up
okay guys I'm not gonna lie I'm a little
guilty of skipping around today we've
been outside for the last two hours
straight
playing goofing off driving RC cars I
actually got one of the drums that
tracks has just sent me stuck up in the
gutter of the smaller building I was
doing so good like the best you've ever
seen me fly drone which is a good but I
was I was doing good was not on yeah so
now it's up in the gutters of the
building so high I do have a big ladder
I have to try to get it anyways Britt's
back did you get the ham yes and you're
set for tomorrow oh yeah I want to do it
yeah I am and I got turkey bread first
you guys knows all of you know Happy
Easter because if you're watching this
day uploaded it it is Easter so happy
Easter to you we're gonna celebrate with
our family um since I'm only home for
today it's mommy
but for now it is time to eat right man
every time it scares me always good to
get home and see my fish man hey guys ah
the tank looks breathtaking I mean you
can see that the back porch and
everything but the tank is amazing
so Brittany and I came out of the
bedroom this morning and we see this
this is the other side of the fish tank
where you can see now Todd has been here
since we left because he maintains the
fish tank but there's all this cardboard
around this thing what do you think what
did you do to my fish tank what is this
cardboard thing be kind of odd there's a
cardboard ring around the port I don't
have that sweet no it's so dumb when you
caught the bug I had to glue it up there
I put that tape up there so stamp like
whoa whoa that's sick Todd that's
awesome ding so I'm not exactly the
grill master but if you ever have steaks
too thick
I always chop them in half because I
like my mistakes cooked you know like
people like them people like a rare
medium rare not me they got to be cooked
like medium well Hera paints okay like a
little bit of Pink's good but I can't do
the like the bloody mushy steak
yeah they looking good oh yeah I got me
some grilled cheese burgers
cheeseburgers Tom looks so good so how
is it my man good best burger ever right
me I have to tell him say that ahead of
time this time you really liked it how's
the steak run got Christian our house
guest for the weekend and before we fly
out the Georgia together Monday who's
good okay good
all right that's a good sign mom just
stop Bob brought me some beautiful
flowers IDs are for Britain
their Easter lilies Oh what have an
Easter here Tomas we're kind of
preparing a little bit those those are
the smelly's flowers I've ever smelled
in my entire life awesome they're so big
your palm yeah they came to hold
themselves up I know
okay last thing I want to show you guys
today before we actually end up there it
is
I am rap I believe I haven't even seen
this yet which is our smile more store
it is finally complete well it's close
to complete yeah just got out of the
shower you think can you love it
so our store is up and running guys
check it out we got all these new
organizations and shelves for the smile
more stuff this is great love this is so
much easier so you guys just wrote on
everything so while I've been on tour
they have just been working on basically
organization places to put everything
and this is awesome I love this we're
almost out of these as you can tell us a
little bit of a rough start the play I
mean we're getting there but we are
moved in and you know things are coming
around nothing's in the office yet huh
no desks yet okay okay well how come
they got real plates we don't even have
a real place geez geez you guys are
living the dream in here what is that
uh-uh now you push it put batteries in
it I didn't put it together oh yeah I
needs batteries so like four weeks ago
we told you guys we would do a move-in
sale because we thought the building was
done but it didn't get done so it got
delayed so we want to do it right now
for you guys if you're interested we got
whatever we have here is part of the
sale so if you order today right just
today 24 hours um do you want to do it
like two days two days just in case they
don't see you blog yeah okay two days
perfect so on the store it's a coupon
code right when you checkout promo code
when you checkout if you want to use it
use move-in sale move-in sale
I'll put at the top of the description
and you get ten percent off your entire
order everything you order ten percent
off for two days kut'rs that's just for
it just got out of shower we're trying
to like literally cut catch up and just
hang out today so we're putting in this
vlog not very hooligan you animal how to
pull you off they're coming wow we're so
freakin excited to have this building
you guys like so so blessed to have this
we're so excited there's so many cool
things coming here and I'm dying to tell
you about that we can't tell you about
but yeah this is art this is the start
its start of another journey so much
stuff in here
alright guys thanks for watching we are
gonna in the vlog I know it's still
early but we want to just shut down with
the kids watch a good movie hang out
cuddle up and then edit so I can get
this done early and have just the nice
Easter and not worry about doing that no
more a so I love you guys so much thanks
for everything this count code will be
in the top of the description
move in sale type that in you'll get 10%
off and that's it guys so that's it guys
I love you so much thanks for the
support
we'll see you tomorrow smile
