oh all the kiddies in your spa didn't
see that that's what's going on hit it
that's not your man you got that tell
him tell him come on tell the cat tell
him you're in my bed he knows look at
him
yeah oh that looks good look flesh like
I don't care about my bed no more oh
yeah it's dude welcome to the vlog guys
we got a whole bunch of stuff going on
today the first thing is our yearly
smile more Christmas party everybody
that works for us helps us out through
the year what when you were partying you
and this is how you know he goes into
his barn right there are you putting
your butt towards me the only place he
gets that mulch is in his barn so we do
know he still goes in there you're more
excited than anybody guys we are just
kicking off our little small or
get-together here and starting our start
on our party just line through hey no
fighting which is Christmas this is
Christmas no fun up here these are these
are leaner yo you got Mountain dude no
mullet where's the wig I said I wasn't
g58 g50 a gap bingo yeah
b5 why are you sitting by the ham I see
what you're doing everybody is so close
to morn come up g54 I just pick a bag oh
you Pig you Pig you want me to pick I
don't even know what you want to pick a
bag for Emily okay pick a bag
she's a winner winner winner chicken
dinner okay cuz she's not a grown up yet
you have to give her any other bag that
one's perfect all right let's see that
gold Charlie get car oh good
come on one one more thing go bang go
anyone hey come back
hey this is Christmas we get a bag for
Bubba's that feels like a good one
what is it okay what is this yeah oh
that's legit okay Himalayan scrub you
got it all right let's see
Oh seventy oh we weren't playing
diagonal that time we weren't playing
diagonally you have four corners y'all
go get him up go get him a present game
won you won all right man what could it
be
what could it be you got everything from
gift cards - did you felt like you know
this was a winner bag okay may what we
got Oh gift card is a boat leg you need
to air horn for that oh we get that we
get it we coming oh she got bingo
oh my gosh what is it
oh yeah that's going on a wall right
there
hi pretty girl she's in a world of your
rock and we just finished up the smile
more Christmas party okay step 2 for
today now that small mores wrapped up we
are gonna run out and get something that
I've been waiting on forever and I think
I'll be able to show you today I don't
know it just depends
waiting on me I know I gotta go
oh okay so doing a little warp a little
warp over here you guys I'm just so
excited to show you this this is oh
there's something I we've been talking
about getting for a while ever since I
got the x3 and I'm so pumped they did
not they were supposed to be here until
next week but they showed up tonight so
we're here to pick them up
oh boy that's Tiger tank material I
don't want to give it too much away but
oh my gosh we're building a little tank
we're building a tank oh my gosh I felt
that bed squat Brian better buy a Toyota
I'm gonna get so much flak for that
there's too many truck people out there
I love my truck I love all trucks all
right oh my gosh the bumpers dragging
the ground dude you need to step it up
so we were we don't have a ton of time
today which stinks cuz the first thing I
want to do is just go home and install
these these crazy tank treads I'm on
like a last minute shopping spree I I do
most everything online but I have to go
up to my and get a couple things for
little Brit and a couple things still
gotta get no I got yours so I can't I
can't just stay and install these treads
and when I say me I mean Brian are you
going with me or installing treads I
want to install the trench just as bad
as you so yeah we gotta do Christmas
stuff but I think we can get back at a
good time tonight we're gonna stay up
put these treads it's like gotta see it
man I gotta see it I'm so excited is she
trying to get your favorite cane this
time next year she'll be ripping
presents open she's gonna be tearing
Christmas up next year is gonna be so
fun just walk home get changed real
quick we're gonna run out to a couple
stores fight the crowds fight that
Christmas rush everybody out there doing
last-minute shopping and mommy's gonna
be here wrapping your wrap your wrapper
bustle okay
okay hey you guys have fun no was on his
way he'll be here just in a minute bye
princess Oh
yeah dude we're gonna be replacing these
wheels with these tank treads oh my gosh
dude nasty she's gonna fit the
countertop here these are the bat no
these are the front at the back of the
long one I cannot wait to see this thing
fitted with these new shoes for the
winter right here you kind of get an
idea you kind of get an idea what it
looked like right here Oh baby oh my god
I say the first thing that happens is
just a can it get stuck contest can it
get stuck a so we're warping up to the
beautiful wreath in it's gorgeous people
realize I have no business filming any
of this because anything that I film is
gonna give away what I'm getting for
Christmas do you guys agree or not agree
what yeah like it's bad it was just in
there with a very funny moment I was
like I need to vlog us but I was like
I'm literally gonna show a Christmas
gift so what the thing is is you told me
and chase at the Christmas party today
you're gonna bring us up here and we got
to pick something out I said that yeah I
said that it's not in the vlog I'm gonna
put you in front of this donkey that
we'd probably actually does fit and you
we just don't know it
you sound like chase so the TV will fit
nee was right guys this thing's not
fitting right now so here's the problem
first of all we just warped past job
it's boring anyway like we're just
shopping for Christmas
we've worked back to I'm super excited
to get the tracks on look at it look at
how nasty this is gonna look oh my god
someone is actually mounted up right now
and we could drive it like this but
we've got a couple support rods that
aren't able to mount up because I've got
solid a arms right there and these these
are the air arms that the brackets are
made for which are hollow allowing these
two plates to come in and mount that
support that dang it we're so close dude
I ordered everything correctly so huh
I have the wrong a arms I don't even
know what to do
two on the rear why don't why do they
make different arms so do I have to be
armed then I'm so excited about these
guys like so except all I want to do is
do we were gonna stay all night out here
it's actually late everybody's asleep in
the house it is it is past bedtime and
we're I heard like we gotta get this
going we gotta get it all hooked up so
you can get a sense of like what its
gonna look like
absolutely gnarly there's just no way
there's no plates to work dummy dumb
dumb dumb so the only the only like
option is to take the Scotch gots the
one that I've obviously purchased all
this off of hey just texted me like if
you want it to work bring it to me
tomorrow so there's a gym but I keep
Todd I get fishtank Todd my trailer
yesterday I don't even have a way to
move it always so we're trying to figure
it out I was expecting some excitement
tonight we were gonna get these tires on
and we were gonna go out like late night
mud yeah I was gonna say let's get this
sucker stuck but for now it's a little
bit of defeat tonight we haven't failed
yet this this these will be on they will
gosh it's gonna be so fun dude it's it's
so wide I mean it's already wide like
look there's the regular wheel but look
how beast that is oh it's just in that
rod literally just keeps this wheel from
flipping itself over right now it could
you know like a regular wheels a circle
so it can't go anywhere it's just a
circle this thing can move flipped
itself upside down if it if without that
support moment I'm the expert here
restore her we're gonna take her we're
gonna take her in for some medicine
tomorrow it'll fix the right guys hello
hello it is current day we are not
giving out Brian's here great hey I
gotta take this thing to Scotts
all right I'm like pulled over like that
just stupid
well of the trailer we gave it to I give
it to Todd yeah no we're gonna we're
gonna get it they're very safe all right
we're from the scouts now we got these
guys loaded up and hopefully today soon
in the next couple hours we'll see them
on this guy now this right here is a
garage man this is like up upgrade dude
be the garage like this imagine huh
just waiting on me Oh like that upgraded
grand theft auto garage we finally get
the nicer garages whoo all right so he's
gonna stay here for a few hours and
hopefully get this thing all rigged up
and we'll run back home and not a lot of
help here plus Brian forgot bolts we got
to go the house anyway you gotta go you
forgot bolts okay just I know this blog
is everywhere today but I'm so excited
check this out let me see let me see as
soon as I leave your tooth pops out give
me five man how'd it happen
you pulled it hoarsely I know uh what's
up bud okay guys we are going in the
vlog right there I jump all the day it's
a man I don't even know what I found cuz
I didn't 90% of it yesterday I really
wanted to show you guys this thing
finished today I'm still going through
maybe if it gets done before this video
goes up I'll use it as a thumbnail so
you can at least see the whole vehicle
complete but definitely tomorrow
hopefully we were supposed to get snow
tomorrow so that's gonna be amazing I
don't even have it we love you guys so
much thank you for the support on
everything you see tomorrow you are
beautiful you are one of a kind smile
mwah
you
