I can't started I'm so asleep right now
hey guys hey guys welcome to the blog we
are downtown New York City this is Times
Square right here and if you've never
seen the Statue of Liberty check it out
oh my gosh peanuts
hot dogs Dona we got about an hour to
eat and then we got to get on either a
train a plane or a car to drive to
Philly for our next show right now it's
up in here we don't know what we're
taking it's still being planned
ivana yeah this is it this is the one
New York is busy yet that's our friends
thank you what up guys so we've sat down
a little bit what's this what what is it
what kind of food he was with in Cuban
Cuban so I've never had an egg on top of
my rice but that looks really really
good vada if we wanna your oven clouds
some food I got green like great green
rice why is it green I had that I don't
know does that let lift every single
experiment I'm Mexican
yeah there's a spider on onii-sama
spider okay so somehow I had to schedule
all mix that we're actually not going to
Philly until a little bit later we want
to do interviews with Nightline which is
most of you PI heard of it Brittany's
gonna go get us a new suitcase because
we are completely out of room you guys
know I didn't even bring stuff so here
we go
morphing over to Central Park this place
is so beautiful
Wow what's up yeah how are you oh you
don't have to get out you don't have to
get out hi must be mom we got up we go
to school together you must be with the
date line right height line dick night
line yes cool interview how you doing my
man this beautiful cameras man whoo look
at this guy now what's up guys how are
you pretty good your your city's
beautiful your Park is beautiful Thanks
ha sung yeah oh my god I almost hit her
in the head did he didn't that was an
epic fail while roaming out of it
everybody I guarantee he cuts I
guarantee he cuts this out of the vlog
all right thank you guys
thank you I whip out when you guys got
together to start planning these pranks
how does that process go
Oh
wrote for homes and rooms us riders
whiteboards for I think we ended up with
405 and only has 30 30 very legal
process they say no a lot legal was
really tough to get through it wasn't
like you to or recently just brought you
out there but the movie had so many
legalities and approvals and budgets
hey man it's dan from Nightline what's
up buddy going on we ready to have an
interview
yeah go ahead ask me anything how long
you been working for Nightline
I've been two years in Nightline 16
years at ABC News which makes me about
like 900 years old how how was our
interview how do you compare us are we
similar to a lot of your stories or are
we edgy or what what are we would say
you're edgy er and decidedly crazier
than most people I interviewed yet are
you going to tell people to watch my
movie yeah I don't say whether I don't
tell people what they should or
shouldn't do I will tell them that the
movie is coming out their own decision I
think we scared Dan to be scary well you
cannot scare me did that scare me I I
admire the amount of enterprise and hard
work hey Boyd into what you do but I can
see why some of what you do really
hangar some no offense hey fair enough
fair enough
- what happened yo break boys dangerous
prank ever
- the guy died I'm suing you guys all
right guys we are warping to
Philadelphia it's gonna be a good one
we're actually just taking cars we're
not taking anything else we got all our
luggage all the guys are you ready to
travel my man I got to drive you guys
all there you're driving yeah I've never
driven in New York give me a good boy
hey you got a door opener now
is what our tour looks like right here
look at all this stuff netting all of it
oh this is nasty
hahaha let me get a close-up when we get
a close-up oh okay alright do it do it
what happened did you get it hi making
our first and hopefully only stop we
only have like 50 minutes left to get to
Philly
get a little snap nice driving bro you
too man hey do you undo the Snickers
challenge how many candy bars we can eat
on the drive that's disgust you know you
fought to the serious yeah hey why you
would do it how many chocolate bars we
can eat in 50 minutes know you'll be so
sick this is just me or is this place
like a club are we in a club or with the
gas station dance John here come on John
dance
can you dive look it out okay trouble
John what about you all he refuses oh
that one time won't that or all that for
you
jebraw damn for you just absolutely
 for them no oh look he's doing
it which is like you're sneezing ready
that's you all right guys warping up to
the hotel it's our little place for
today I think we nearly flower tomorrow
yeah yeah yeah Wow Wow it is obviously
we're in Philadelphia I don't let's do
Campbell Soup we're dropping our bags
meeting up with the guys we have a few
meetings to go over everything for
tomorrow a lot lots of press in Philly
this is a huge press market so we were
going to be early morning radio TV shows
you name it we're going to be doing it
so we got a meeting right now actually
we got a you going with me I definitely
want you did you're funny boy yeah watch
out hmm
anyway guys hope you've been enjoying a
little bit different style of vlogging
traveling a little more different cities
every day I knew that was coming
I can smell it what are you keep it
things are so bad
obviously we are dying to get home to
the kids the hardest part about all this
is the travel away from the family it's
a double-edged sword man is sacrifice
and everything that you do and that you
love there's a passion that drives us to
do these things and you know the reason
that we get to live the life we get to
live is because of these sacrifices we
make so yeah you burger me all hurts so
bad to me to watch I didn't even mean to
him it to just feel your your soft pants
there
very far one thing I'm gonna give the
filly I've never been to a city with
prettier buildings the buildings are
nuts
all of them I mean this is obviously a
church how cool are the buildings here
dude they are the best eating at a place
called the ladder not sure this is
John's town this is Johnny Hollywood's
hometown he's always on the phone to an
important stuff you know all right never
mind they don't have food at 10 o'clock
at night so I know this is so
interesting warping back to the hotel
it's been a great day we are beat we ate
you know what I had a pancakes and bacon
she had chicken fingers yeah really good
dinner man so tomorrow night well today
if you're watching the vlog when I
uploaded it is our premiere in
Philadelphia and then we fly to Columbus
and we get to be home for the whole
weekend with the kids which is I'm
counting every second you need it so
yeah we're ready guys thanks for coming
along with us it's always an interesting
journey we love you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile mwah well
announce the movie introduce it yeah big
crowd out there tonight
