hey guys welcome to the vlog we are in
New York City today feels awesome to get
every kind of work past DC Britney and I
are headed out right now getting a late
start just got the vlog up dive dive
diggity died
look at that oh my gosh no for
yesterday's show I went into DC and I
hid two tickets for somebody that went
on a scavenger hunt my snapchat and
found the tickets that's exactly what
I'm doing right now in New York trying
to find a place to leave these tickets
it's so booming busy
he's a bush hybrid hi hiding in this
bush for the tickets here they are guys
come this is gonna be fun I actually got
my point here where we have I've stashed
the tickets you know the fun part is is
is meeting the people at the show that
actually came you got the ticket look we
got it we got a guy hunting we got a guy
in ours yeah you guys hunting - Wow stop
the power of snapchat instantly people
show up no matter where you're at in the
whole world you guys are you're hunting
- what's up man how you doing how are
you doing dude - I'm glad you got a man
I ran from Port Authority you guys are
your hon I hate to tell you but they've
already been taken man somebody found
okay yeah pops open his window what's up
man what you doing in here by the way
I'm looking at these what are these
these are Stromboli zeppoles these are
calzones garlic knots and sausage roll
wow did you come out hunting for tickets
uh yeah we did but we have them anyways
oh you know what just about every single
person that came already had tickets so
what I figured I was gonna give it to
somebody you were gonna give him away
why not well I was already giving him
away oh definitely not so you're coming
to the movie yeah definitely heck yeah
you guys excited she like when she heard
you were coming in New York City this is
our little sister she like immediately
bought tickets like I would have never
guessed you two are related
all right guys moving quickly through
the New York traffic what if you win
that right lane what would happen at the
bush man there's a bus lanes we're not
allowed to do that so um we're headed to
the venue now the city is awesome we're
going to the Cave of Wonders the heels
are so loud all I got it already from
starting now I'll just do it now
but if you're gonna go see the figure
200 oh wait you said there's 300 a night
I have to do 300 298 people yeah whoa ha
ha ha for 48 p.m. let's see how long it
takes to sign 300 posters there we go
June 1 it's gonna go way faster it
helping like this 300 posters it's 5:32
p.m. less than it is less than and out
what you guys are still going but I got
my own and I had Brittany's help so it's
quicker so why do they call it the green
room and up the yellow room have you
ever noticed that they need always Holly
backstage is always called the green
room but they're almost never green did
they used to be in the olden days
nobody's interested in my conversation
get up just research why you do your rap
him there we go yeah I was like what he
calls a green with yellow my always goes
killer food who sit oh it's his feet
right now
okay I mean I miss your face let me see
your face there is say booyah hey I'll
be back I love you already said Tom and
you are me no tonight is our biggest
meetup we've ever had 298 people so
we're number I guess supposed to be 300
but maybe two people couldn't show up so
it's gonna take a while since we're the
meet and greet starts right here yo yo
you guys right have some fun tonight
all right let's get it started let's go
free water huh all right what's your
name Ashley Ashley brought us a cool
gift Ian your handmade this yeah
oh thanks Ashley and dad so we get a lot
of smile more in here but the first head
shaved
look at that I love it did it all for
you Team Red Team Blue
all right I love it thank you guys it's
beautiful it's gonna go up in the new
building you know that right Jenna Fox
I'm shaking all right okay withdrawal
will soon be behind
yes informally is it is this this is
your mom yep this is just she buy that
shirt herself or did you buy it for her
she bought it i buy everything look at
this lot
look at this right now are you guys all
together now okay okay so you guys know
we collect magnets ever and usually on
these tours everyone brings me magnets
but he brought me one that I definitely
don't have thanks bro
that's awesome hi - look at your wife
right this is my baby my wife you
inspire us so much what's your baby's
name CJ CJ hey dude you're the little
spin here guys subscribe to the
incredible Science Channel an incredible
science blog our message like Romans
message small Mobius stay incredible
yeah I love it in a rocket how do you
guys remember I was just in Miami and I
was like I want this artwork on the wall
it just brings it to me but I love it
man so much we got the first lizard oh
man it makes me want to get my lizard
back this is mom am I good influence or
what
go back about the open house Chris she
won't go do your thing go do my thing
okay girl oh my god tell them it's the
vlog camera of course alright guys I'm
going to surprise them again coming
through with the black hammer and I get
the line let's do this
hey everybody else week surprise
I got Romans block camera
camera
Oh
ah
ah
alright guys we're gonna play a fun
little game before we get this movie
started I'm gonna show you two objects
and you got to try to figure out who is
here right now alright here we go here's
the first object a boosted board who
owns a boosted board
alright I'm gonna show you the next
object this should be a dead giveaway
boom okay and thanks for coming bro oh
dude such an honor to have you man just
do more fires good to be here it's good
to see this one good to be in your city
New York and welcome I hope everybody's
been nice to you I was vlogging out the
street this old man just yeah just like
that
hey man welcome to New York to be fun
I'm about to go announce the movie have
some fun relax watch the movie it's one
of my favorite parts about to go out
announce the movie introduce it yeah
good big crowd out there tonight
and that's a wrap on new york city or
second premier good job baby you came
out of stage they were calling all the
problems Trevor Britney says she came
out a champ you don't want toys you have
to go yeah it was awesome I had so much
fun man thank you guys so much
Congrats by the way thank you so much
good job V what's this that's cool nice
work this job food great neat good job
to her mom you're killing it out there
another thing super cool the guy over
m'kay controllers delivered finally they
give away controller we've been waiting
on this for a long time
Kane took the other one and destroyed it
like destroyed the painting everything
so we waited for a brand new ones we can
finally give us away maybe we should
give away time yeah when we get back to
hotel well just give it away and the
Xbox one hasn't been touched we can
actually get down there and tell my
friend what's up my friend see some of
the guys that didn't make it to the Vig
eat up these were their match two
tickets yeah it was awesome you got me
nuts your kids are wild this or attempt
at leaving these guys gonna build a wall
we're gonna get into the car Sarah final
goodbyes to everybody we got the new
your spectra oh yeah technically I think
they're all at the other door so it
shouldn't be too crazy
oh go ahead baby this is a mad shirt
yeah bro time pictures pictures pictures
do you guys like the movie Oh hold up
hold up yes
hey let's see this one it's awesome guys
are awesome thank you guys thank you
thank you guys
hey over driver what's up hey good night
everybody
yeah we don't nobody getting hit man
come on guys
this we can't go anywhere we're stuck in
New York Javy these guys come on guys we
say V man time flies guys it was just
like I woke up and now it's it's almost
midnight already we're gonna call it a
night
um big shout-out to em k for coming
through on the controller final I know
you guys been waiting a long time on
this so I'm just going to pick a winner
right now and actually have the Xbox one
- but ps4 ones when we were waiting on
so let's do this so here we are
I said I'd pick a comment so let's
scroll for a while we're we out here oh
no it's you know we're gonna scroll
Scroll scroll Scroll scroll Scroll
scroll just alright I've chosen the
winners real fast you guys will get
direct messages it is uh the first one
for Xbox one is live boys super Dallas
the king that's his name legit so send
him a message right now and I do
apologize for this contest because it
was seven weeks ago I went on tour and
I'm on the movie tour and m'kay
personally brought this to me at the
show so now I can finally give it away
do you guys really play xbox more than
ps4 I can't believe the Xbox comments
xbox one xbox Xbox Xbox Xbox and then
there'll be a random ps4 but they don't
write anything this is ps4 got my ps4
winner a leg three uh ro Koba Alegria
underscore Ricola hey hat a leg okay I
don't have said I think that's it look
at you are Brittany's gonna message you
right now from my account so yeah yeah
perfect oh yeah we go on Friday little
ship Saturday or Monday all right guys
it's time to cut this out I'm fading I'm
falling I'm say I'm complaining I gotta
quit I gotta go I gotta be up early as
always and we're headed to uh I don't
know where
well actually we're still New York
tomorrow I'll be good that'll be great
so we see you guys tomorrow keep your
head up no matter what's going on
there's always people trying to bring
you down and take you down keep it up
bu we love you we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more nineteen million I'm gonna
I'm gonna try to do this interview
cross-eyed so you film that screen you
can't do this no no I don't know how I'm
gonna do it yeah do it good I don't know
I don't know if I can like hold my god
it's good though you want to be a little
bit different than you know we were we
were definitely a lot for that we were
hoping for different all right ready
