guys welcome to the vlog come on boy
let's go come on we are really just
getting set up here today and we're
ready to rock dude look at you you're in
your director's seat now yeah yeah my
table pinchelow this is nice no rain we
got partly cloudy day Dale's cooking
some beef stew oh my gosh that's ugly
inside donker patties
explosive dog food patties Zeus you stay
away yeah sauce
I think we've fallen in love oh there's
no separating us now too bad you'll have
to separate you're not taking it I have
to I'll tell you what you keep that I'll
keep the camera saintly that's a good
deal up like it looks like I'm putting
Zeus pooping it is pretty Zeus poopy
that's for sure we are going to remove
this red cannon fuse going in do not do
this at home do it at your brother's
house homemade smoke bombs take one
buddy back it's gonna happen
oh that's a good one we made smoke boy
doing a lot you like that that was
weight that was success I told you more
bacon sir if you watch yesterday's lovin
you know we kind of failed and that
thing blew up last night uh I think you
got the right mix now like I said more
baking soda
yeah just like Romans said more baking
soda so that was shot at 5,000 frame you
can't even see the smoke move it's too
slow yeah so trust wants to like a
thousand yeah much much slower take two
here we go thing here we go oh that's a
good one
whoa look at that plane oh that's gonna
be cool my god that's the best one yet I
feel like I could have held that yeah
where's the Mustang
good job guys you nailed it I'm sorry
you made a smoke bomb yes awesome
the mixture that they made was in a
pop-can aluminum pop can look at the
aluminum insane that's like 2,000
degrees to melt aluminium yeah I don't
know how I mean that was a 20% baking
soda so to get where like you could hold
it in a cardboard tube must be like 80
percent or something crazy for a
different material all right guys you
remember a couple days ago we bought
some car tires well then actually maybe
one's a car tire one's a small tire
we're gonna see what happens when you
over inflate it and it blows up I think
that's cool I've always wanted you know
when you're pumping up a bike tire like
what would happen if that thing popped
we're gonna find out all right we're
just gonna put this nozzle on and uh
how's the pizza dude very good the glove
with nuts on blue time and bloom you
think this little guys gonna hold on my
monies yes
yeah thing's gonna hold on okay oh this
looks official this looks legit look at
this we dug this little hole so the tire
won't move
I don't know guys I feel like we're onto
something here you guys ready to make it
pop I'm ready pop it like it's hot Kane
you ready
thumbs up I just want to make sure he's
comfortable is he is he good he may need
a troughs are you good drink beverage
food Oh some it may be big piece of
beets are you yeah let's get it up let's
get him some pizza hi anyone else want
anything else
we're good let's give it all to him
maybe maybe maybe sit in our luxurious
require come on stop the car now stop
this do what he says man do what he says
he's demanding and we are live baby tire
is blown
bring it real hard already so she's a
pendant phone that me know I'm standing
behind you man what am i a shield you're
the only one you're the only smart
enough to bring safety glasses who wants
to blow just can't it's definitely
getting bubbly you think oh yeah give me
Oh hop and pressor stopped the
compressors at max PSI and it hadn't
blown yet I don't like that shoot it I
don't like that did you record it yeah
you got it
hard Wow whoa like all disappointed and
it ape it open and and we will who's
standing it like that right yeah yeah
all of them let's see this homework
machine I really thought it was done we
all thought it was done I barely caught
you see the tire blow up we missed it in
slo-mo well you got a piece of it yeah
I'll film it but it's like nah no none
of fun stuff of heaven God filmed okay
look at that is that crazy
there's not believe that blue the hose
right off the compressor alright second
attempt car tire here we go
uh-oh oh we just lost there we're at a
hundred and forty psi then and that
tires still there come on alright should
I get a gun for real you need one yeah
all right here we go I'm gonna go get
one hey our buckshot looks sick no I
wish we hit it with the dragon's breath
in slow-mo am i I don't think it'll burn
through the tire I don't think it'll pop
it my bring the AR the compressor did
not blow up the tire so I'm getting out
the AR see what happens
Zeus you gotta stay the compressor
wouldn't explode the tire not enough psi
I'm gonna shoot it with the AR see what
happens
ready I'm gonna do
all right so the tyre of things weren't
the greatest thing dude I hit that tire
though I don't know what happened you
hit it it was okay I'm gonna do some
more shots of it and make it perfect
he'll make it better
he'll make it better so now why did we
buy watermelons why did we get fireworks
because Brett you're gonna like this
mortar shell don't try this okay that's
like a pirate right is it's the ones
that shoot out boom bah don't put it in
out like the cannon it does not fly yeah
so we're gonna build our own tube out of
a watermelon
I think I'll just boil off that's the
idea I think I'm gonna make the pieces
because we're gonna shoot it slo-mo and
it's gonna explode the watermelon yes
I'm just tracing out what it's isn't
cutting and then we'll cord out watch
yep cord out baby insert we're gonna
insert that's just a cord job right
there sir god I could see his thumb just
going and sir how many people's that
take the drill hole - oh stop it
do you own up you want to stop and eat
this or mill LED let's eat it we're not
gonna waste it I'll go tomorrow okay
move the knife away huh well if I read
his mouth let me let me throw to your
mouth here we go oh god you let's check
the fits like it was made for that you
are nice
oh the diffusive HomeLife it's
waterproof the Gunpowder is on the
inside
don't let it the best no that's it
that's it mortar versus watermelon here
we go I'm gonna destroy my camera go
I'm made of lipids bath no way where no
way get your gun this is real trial and
error to Jim I told you it's too wet I
told you boy it's never too wet
I don't remember Matt yeah do you have
that on the video bucket I'll think so
bro oh I don't think so I'm good warned
Bobby oh so bad it's got him right at
the house upside down oh that was a loss
oh my god time hit the Mayan I did oh my
gosh look at the styrofoam it's my
camera okay oh I got holy crap it
actually did crack my lens
what and this is burnt
it's just burnt we're good burn oh my
gosh I got this lens yesterday you did
got some melted gummy bears on it though
you gotta put a filter dude why don't
you buy a filter with that I feel that I
felt the fish it's 25,000 FPS check this
out Oh oh my god look it's liquidated
place it's gone oh yeah anything Wow Oh
looks kind of like a book okay a flower
look look look hold on let's spit it up
oh boy here we go
Oh Oh blah you're right okay this is
gonna look so awesome let me check the
focus I have to move the camera this way
I like the color let's do it
Stuart step back
I hope you're having such a good day
this has been so fun man just doing
something different we were gonna do one
more gun slow-motion shot and this one
is probably the coolest you ready
you like those mm-hmm
they have speakers in them so you can
hear uh I don't know how to explain them
no it's cancellation plus but you don't
hear the gun so weird what's cool is I
can turn it up and down like you can
hear better than your actual ears one
last set up one last slow-mo Dale has
completely built this entire set up five
light bulbs he's attempting to send a
bullet through all the light bulbs in
slo-mo I think it's just gonna be
spectacular what a show what a show
everybody line up step on up I've broken
out my scar 308 this baby is a beast all
cameras rolling oh here we go
dang that's it oh my god engine they're
still they didn't even go out no way I
gotta save them no way the fire like
this is still on hahahaha almost 3,000
feet per second that bullet travels
55,000 frames a second on the camera
nice oh yeah beautiful I'm saving all
this yeah the whole thing they may just
scoop it up well we'll find out all
right guys this might be the stupidest
idea of the entire day I've got I've got
I think the world's fastest RC car here
this thing does 100-plus miles per hour
we're gonna see what happens when we hit
a watermelon it is gonna go everywhere
I've already beaten it up badly there's
actually a plate that's supposed to be
here that is gone um it's been it's been
through a lot so we're gonna see what
happens the odds of me hitting the odds
of me hitting an object that small at
any decent speed is very very slim so
here we go
holy crap that's so fast yes we're gonna
do some practice rounds I've been
practicing this actually off-camera for
about a week now that's why the car is
almost destroyed let's just hit it you
don't ready you don't need a figure out
of dude it's a tiny watermelon uh
honestly the cars pretty aerodynamic I
think it's going to flip the watermelon
up in the air it will hit it straight on
and it's gonna do major damage to the
car are we let's say it just pushes it
are we gonna we gonna go out of frame
really fast
he's pretty wide okay he was let's do
this
there we go I'm gonna do one pass and
then I'm gonna do it
you
oh dang although the wheels go ah I
think we're still good
no you're not good at all you're not
good at all oh yeah at all that's not
bad
look at that you can't fix it I hate it
you got the road up ya know you killed
the watermelon it's just one that's
metal dude it's just one piece look
that's it
suspension hotbox boy nodded that's it
there's more than that a hit on the
front okay that's just not don't look
that's all convinced
can you pull this back in yeah this one
says that watermelon
it is watermelon that's okay hey we've
got water man haha look at that
dang right there that's amazing oh oh
boy
yeah well I hit it but look at it's
still edible it's still edible
I only clipped it with the rear wheel
you see Christ onion and you slight look
I slit a kike killed it in half oh my
goodness
and he lows the control it's smashed
into the garage yeah thank God it hit
the stone and at the white door here's
what my mind is blown about I did not
hit the watermelon very well which and I
had so many practices the car still runs
the car absolutely still works
we're only missing a couple pieces here
I think we just lose this wheel go again
we hit it with three wheels
good let's go be kept up we put on my
left calf I love it we have exactly a
three wheel race car now the first of
its kind okay three wheel car let's see
if it'll drag
it drives dude you don't even need four
wheels who says you need four wheels
okay who says you need two feet I love
what we all hold I know vac wheel little
duct-tape reinforcement on this front
suspension just keep my wheel on the
ground all right we got this let's go
he's got no more excuses piece of cake
all right here we go
oh it's got speed oh okay we can do this
we're still good hit this thing
hey it's still rolling
we would have been fine dang look at
that look at this the watermelon is gone
yeah hold up here take a victory lap
look at this beast that was awesome and
I can't even believe it like three parts
and it's back to normal I will order the
parts and have this car back to normal
but so that's on the slow-motion for
today guys I hope you enjoyed it
wow what a beast Zeus just wants to eat
it you taking down the weak guys it's
time for a little family time my mom and
dad just showed up with Papa Bear would
you bring some oil ropes yeah I brought
some special weighted jump ropes out
what do you mean special way do chief
jump ropes don't spin they're like
trying to throw air around these are
weighted so they really build a bit look
how nice look how cool they are
yeah no I'm pretty awkward but I'll show
you how they work I'll sit let's knock
words in cinema
not bad is my dad used to get us when we
were kids on this so here's what you do
this is how you doing you grab it with
two hands going up and then last second
class just jump rope in the world you
switch it to one hand it looks legit but
you got to go back to two moms over on
pinball land we're starting is ready to
have me Wow oh my goodness
heesu what is this little thing that is
so weird
freaky
oh my you look like a real person really
yeah people you ready for bed you bring
your blank Zeus oh you even brought your
blankie oh good boy I'm tired too boy
you reckon online you rebel nah I get
out of here you big old baby giraffe
yeah that's it walk away yeah walk out
of here
you walk out don't come back guys we
hope you enjoyed today's vlog this will
be our final goodbye to try he's
addicted to the pinball machine look at
it forever hey hey I forever to the
pinball machine hey I'll tell you what
you can have the pinball machine Bo okay
but I'll keep the camera fine
the slo-mo cam no pitch big frickin deal
deal although pinball Todd's gonna be
pretty upset oh my god tell him I trade
it for a camera he'd have a heart attack
love you thanks for supporting us all
week with some new fun experiments slow
motion trust it's been awesome thanks
for making the trip thank you for
become five years a lot um so we'll
definitely have to come your way again
see if you guys want that to happen let
us know we love you
thanks again we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget how important you are you
were one of a kind smart just stop my
heart just stuck all I seen was boom oh
oh oh stand you're like condescending
