what was it planning on starting the
vlog here today guys but welcome to
Miami Oh what happened
drivers like can't get out he called our
data system
hey guys welcome to the vlogs we have it
even we just landed in Miami Florida we
haven't even slept last night it's been
an all-night trip and our driver just
smashed into this car it's not that bad
everyone's safe
that's what's good nobody got hurt
nobody's hurt you feel good I need to
give me one of those cameras that's hot
and you can go to cootie so we got a
nice little welcoming into Miami right
now he won't be off it did listen to a
lady so yeah guys I wasn't even planning
on starting the vlog until we got to our
hotel we've been traveling since last
night but I said this may be a good time
to start it we just literally said we
just come flying in and slid into the
back of this car
did you know bring my phone you got a
big ass spider yeah why did you grab it
I wanted I'm scared of spiders it's my
first car accident ever ever you never
hit another car ever but when I went
through that gate what would that kind
of yeah it was all welcome this is the
perfect way to start thumbnail car
accident straight for us oh boy we got
the hole
like he is seriously injured okay guys
warping to the hotel this is where I
actually wanted to start today's vlog we
took a red-eye flight we left at
midnight last night flew into Georgia it
was it was crazy hectic and then we had
like a two-hour layover in Georgia two
or three hours that's where I edited the
vlog couldn't upload it so I'm just now
getting to my hotel room uploading the
vlog trying to find a thumbnail right
now Britney and the kids were going to
come down for the weekend while we're
filming here I still can't get over this
this is beautiful but we really made a
team decision and that was for her to
manage a smile more store while I'm gone
and me to get my work done here there's
so much going on in both places that we
are such a solid team she does what she
needs to do I do what I need to do and
then we meet back up in the middle so so
yeah getting yesterday's vlog up right
now completely irrelevant because you've
already seen yesterday's like so weird
vlogging is so weird sometimes I told
you guys to bring disguises what what is
this but do you see losses
I'm gonna have my decision Rose I've
never worn a hat in my life you guys
always wear a few said you're gonna
bring a wig you say you're gonna wear
wig no I didn't I got the tags why do we
need disguise I only have 9 million
subscribers what's up Brannon oh yeah I
know Brandon's doing the pranks today
right yeah
what's up ok my hand says is all so says
it yeah MVP I know why don't you just
throw up road flares I gotta stop you
glasses so I didn't bring a single thing
to wear outside of what I'm wearing
right now hi how are you so I'm going to
look for something I mix plain real
quick while we're here we decided to
come to Miami for two days because this
is where Dennis Vitali and I first
started filming together so we thought
before the tour we would come here and
bang out some original classic pranks
that we used to do I know you guys have
been waiting on that kind of stuff so we
said let's just do it
let's have fun they don't have to be
epic don't be crazy off a huge
go have fun that's what we're trying to
do what do you think I'd look good in
because all I wear is this right here it
doesn't fit my oh you crazy
okay I'm South Beach is that I could
never pull up oh you gotta be nice you
may be darker color what about these
think I can pull that off yeah
only got camo hey thank you just saying
I look like I'm tourists now see I'm
like we do sunglasses tell us oh my god
good I look good I do the flip-flops
reveal is that room and I remember this
tattoo in his log cake guys welcome to
South Beach Florida Miami I never seen
so much police police towers
please setups everywhere everywhere on
his beach is police
so the whole idea is to come out here
pull some original pranks that we used
to do just some fun classics get some
content up for you guys kind of back to
the roots and just fun you know what I
mean
no not explain I just this place is
jam-packed so here we are we're out in
one of our favorite spots that we ever
filmed in Miami which is infested with
police I have you ever seen this much
police dude it's always like this
let's bring Greg yeah we got Brandon on
one camera Christian on one camera we're
just running and gunning like the old
days it's so fun chunk showing other
guys just keep it rolling I will see if
we can get one right here for you on the
blog with my blog camera no audio but
Oh yo it's big no no it's big notes on
the other side it's on the other side
easy yeah what's up guys how you doing
45 is deep level you awful alright
you broke my flip-flop bro you broke my
flip-flop oh you're disgusting you just
spit on my shoe this is my dad's rifle
gotta love my hammy this guy took my
flip-flop
he took my flip-flops now he's crushing
them and I don't know what he's doing
with it
I always spit on it very classy what's
he gonna do what's he gonna do I like
that
whoa yo thank you he's rubbing my shoe
shit so what up guys what up that's
somebody buddy the PDF you got you guys
saw him take my pleasure yeah he spit on
it too I see you back there ha ha ha I
love Miami man this place is right it's
like it's something wrong everybody guy
just tried to attack my camera that's
why we came here we gave you we go man
you're in a box Hey ha ha my flip flops
have been officially taking full
advantage of guys look at this he still
got him in his hand yo I can't even make
this stuff up like I can't even come up
with this look at him he's got him in
his hands
dude he's still spitting on Betty still
spin the 2016 spring break flip-flop
thief is live and well this is called
the the new flip-flop dance if you seen
it it's a real thing uni he's trying to
teach everybody right now I love it
that's the a flip-flop dance have you
seen the flip-flop dance oh that's it
right there
why are you Peter with him no no he's
doing the flip-flop dance have you seen
the flip-flop dance it's new it just
come out my feet actually invention he
took my blood I know I'm too scared to
go get him I'm not even kidding Vitaly
just came out of nowhere we did not tell
him about this he's already messing with
me wants the book wait you just did you
would snap shot this with nothing I had
not told Vitaly yeah he thinks he's
after the foot flops I think they don't
even know that they know he has no idea
no no he was gonna buy my neck yeah he
was like if you're gonna hit me watch me
dude I'm pretty sure he I'm pretty sure
he put a spell on me bro
he's on man oh yeah he's on meth or
as Floyd Mayweather yeah
like I mean it's I it's I
what happens when a coin Mayweather
drives by
everyone's yelling fight me
Oh
Miami's getting hot bro Miami's getting
hot welcome to Miami guys okay we found
a part that's a little comb and we're
gonna try to get some dinner some actual
dinner um so that's a huge rink by the
way I've never had calamari in my life
this is calamari really what is calamari
it's like squid night with squid I'm
sure we'll try very good what are you
dip in the sauce like a shrimp like
marinara
it's like shrimp like looks like a pig
nose bro good like shrimp with a
different show you it's like a super
chewy like a car tire guys warping in
the hotel room I know I probably looked
ridiculous I wore a hat all day which I
never wear a hat look ridiculous my
sinuses are going crazy I if you've been
with this channel a long time you know
that I have to have a fan to sleep when
I would travel a city to city I'd have
to find a box man or something that made
noise check this out this thing saves my
life like I literally can't sleep
without it now I'm addicted guys thank
you for hanging out today tomorrow is a
full I'm shooting main channel pranks
for the main channel but they're just
fun classic pranks there's nothing
that's gonna be crazy or edgy or insane
in the hood nothing like that it's just
the fun back to our roots pranks and you
know I hope you enjoy I think you will
enjoy him it's kind of where we came
from and and how we got started so
that's what we're doing and it feels so
good it feels so good to be doing this
we killed it today we did so good I know
I couldn't show much in the vlog and
that's why this vlog is kind of short
but we kill we had so much fun so thank
you for being with us thanks for hanging
out we will see you tomorrow if you have
an idea or what's your favorite classic
prank we ever did please put in the
comments that's what we're doing for the
next three weeks it's just a bunch of
fun classic pranks so hope you enjoy it
thank you guys we love you you are
beautiful you are one of a kind smile
more sorry I'm so tired I know my
throat's like that we flew in on a
red-eye and I have not slept in probably
like 30 hours so I'm gonna crash love
you whoa this is like real this is like
the real I didn't expect any of this
yeah whoa so want to do my best today to
bring you guys along on this little
journey I've never promoted a movie and
I want to bring you along too maybe what
it's like to promote a movie
