Oh
guys welcome to the vlog I hope you're
having such a good day it is kind of
beautiful kind of rainy it's a little
mix not even important I don't really
know why I tell you guys that I had to
run downtown Columbus today I dropped
Arras off at the Rope Factory it's up
doing something so cool I'm like racing
back to get there I looking ready for
another exciting vlog
look what I got Brittany check this out
whoo look at that don't be afraid to
share your guru your lover man don't be
afraid doesn't have to be a lot of
flowers that could just be a card with
with a note in it it means so much man
men and women were wired differently we
think differently they love little
things like daily love little gifts
all things many things with their parts
women think with their hearts I don't
know if that's true for everybody I love
you guys thanks for being here man I
hope you're ready we're gonna try to do
another exciting vlog lots of cool
unique things like yesterday was so fun
to me I just really enjoyed it so let's
do it all over again today let's go to
the road back alright so it looks like
I'm walking into quite the frustration
what's going on to us had to snap them
off but it's not snapping where we want
it this is when I sit russets up in a
box that I'm super excited about this is
Cross's phantom slow-motion camera this
is the king of slow-mo right here this
this camera is I want it so I'm keeping
it I didn't know if I told you that when
you capture fight boy I did so what is
this crazy machine this is a rope
breaker that's what it does it breaks
the rope and then when it breaks it
tells you how many pounds the rope took
the break so this is what rope factories
used to test the strength of their rope
it's pretty incredible actually the
whole goal here is the capture rope
snapping in super slo-mo but apparently
the Rope keeps breaking on the knots or
down below I don't know how to explain
just out of camera its they've been
working on it they've been working on it
the whole time I've been gone so it's a
little frustrating
so I've missed a little bit of the setup
this morning but apparently this rope
wants to break around the coils where
you actually wrap the rope so for the
slow-motion camera you can't capture
that so we're going to move out to a
bigger machine bigger ropes hopefully
that'll work alright it may be a little
louder out here guys but we're moving up
to a half inch polyester this is a
serious rope this thing is going to be
about up here before the throat zap if
all goes right this rope will snap
around
thousand pounds dude what's that sound
like a shotgun pretty loud like a small
nuclear explosion you know low impact
bunk bunker buster how ya ready bro yeah
the struggle to get the rope to snap
exactly where the camera is filming it's
super difficult perfect I mean it was
fun it was fun we failed but it was fun
we didn't fail we learn how we shouldn't
do it yeah right that's how you get out
of it so the rope snapping slow-motion
video didn't go exactly how really step
one clip we can show him right yeah that
was it we got one but it wasn't I will
let you decide
uh Dale hooked Ross up with a whole box
of rope though so you're happy I'm very
high you're so happy I'm not happy but
you guys don't have nowhere to put it
let's get the whole bags full your
camera crap yeah I'm very happy actually
oh so fun it was fun look what I got
mommy do you want give them to her
you think you can carry that you got it
oh you got it
those are for you King got him for you
oh good job tough guy those are heavy
brawny points Ronnie's big round he says
it was the goal right game yeah did pull
it up nice perfect that's good
Jeff on the slow motion camera need to
be flooded with the computer add into
the wall so we need power it's crazy
tone yesterday's vlog I showed you the
trust brought these iron balls the rusty
wrap them in aluminum and they create
these giant sparks so today we're gonna
see what it looks like
in ridiculous slow motion so Oman we're
gonna do this one at 25,000 films per
second 25 that sounds like a lot yep you
ready I'm ready set go
nice ok so I would imagine on the vlog
camera this isn't gonna look like
anything you probably barely be able to
see the sparks especially in the daytime
yeah right now outside in the daylight
so I'm hoping and I think that the slow
motion camera will make everything look
perfect okay beautiful that is beautiful
Wow
baby baby anything that's good good oh
if I had a slo-mo cam me and my kid I
don't think we'd ever leave the house
you imagine when you do with the kids
all day
alright so for our channel for you guys
we are going to try some fun now
I have things to choose from we've got
we've got the big mortars which is gonna
look unbelievable and slow much you
wanna do a sparkler I do let's do it
together yeah yeah when he starts we're
gonna hold it right where you're at so
we'll hold it just like this and let him
get the shot I'd be cool right yeah oh
my good
so the whole idea here in a shoot on the
blog is to show you the difference
between regular filming versus the
slo-mo cam seek ready yeah come here
your job is you held really still it was
perfect now we're gonna step it up a
notch I'm gonna put the gloves and
glasses on and I'm going to hold a giant
wad of sparklers yes
 yeah backed up I wouldn't mess it
up oh dude it blocked my whole face I
just I disappeared
okay one more we're going to try the fan
fan um out here we go
you want it back
but I think your hair's too short we
could try but we might need to get wet
we were doing real real man stuff now
ready kill em see you got your daddy's
crazy cowlick man like a cowlick Josh
yeah
that's why daddy standard hair up so you
can't see Mike outlet is it look at it
over here alright see ya
just doing Kane's hair you know we've
got one more experiment for the slo-mo
cam today and that is you've seen this
in the vlogs dragon breath shotgun
shells mm-hmm whoo safety is definitely
on standby yep but don't wanna lose my
appearance or vision I've got my little
Mossberg here this baby is awesome we're
gonna throw some dragon's breath in it
and I guarantee it's gonna be a
beautiful show that's it's gonna make
art king we should take a marker and we
should paint out that tooth so your
shark matches you all right let's not
waste no time this is gonna be awesome
dude I'm really excited about this you
guys have seen this if you follow the
vlogs but it happened so fast I'm really
excited to see what it looks like
slowed down maybe up to 25,000 frames a
second you've never done the dragon's
breath yet never done it in slow motion
so I'm excited to see what its gonna
look like
yes gang you ready so it's like it's
like rainy out so the grounds super wet
I'm just gonna shoot directly into the
grass
all right we're getting rained out it is
nasty man
I look at this computer phantom cameras
should not have water on it the next
thing we're gonna do today is are you
guys ready for this you ready for him to
see it oh you are beautiful
last week I did a hilarious video with
my buddy Alex called the mouth guard
challenge and this time we're gonna do
it a little differently not only we're
going to wear the mouth guards but we're
gonna freeze everything in liquid
nitrogen first which turns everything
into stone ice and we got to eat it I
don't know what to expect
ah think I'll be fine I hope I read fun
fun will be the key to this whole thing
we've got marshmallows we've got hot
dogs
we've got bananas we just shot a video
for his channel where we spray whipped
cream you awesome basically put it in
your mouth and you just start blowing
smoke out of your nose out of everything
so I don't do so good though at the same
time I don't know what actual food is
gonna do like a hot dog ah I don't know
find out in Chunkin jell-o bubble gum
eggs oh that's great
put on it just gonna freeze the pipes no
that looks awesome
look at that well not it would not miss
the pipes after our mission ah I dumped
it into the bowl of water ready dude
that's awesome
guys we just wrapped up one of the
grossest throughout the bowl no it was
looked like it was cracking earlier okay
guys we just fill in the most ridiculous
video I am gonna upload this as a
separate upload so you're gonna have two
videos in one day I'm so sick right now
that really hurt myself let me just show
you something away oh don't show
don't show that I have to I look at you
you look like the table we got through a
lot of the ingredients we learned that
the jello was actually dangerous it
absorbed the liquid and it would come
out is really bad if I look pretty good
the marshmallows were awesome the bread
was awesome the bread was like a solid
air is like eating air the crackers were
good Zeus come on boy come on
hey guys I got a little plan whoa whoa
whoa whoa
all right guys here's the plan about two
weeks ago I filmed a video for Scott to
free with all the you remember I drove
the fancy car the BMW through the
warehouse with all these tubes well they
sent me a whole bunch of them here's a
fun fact I personally will look at all
these look at all these by personally in
my lifetime we'll use about thirty eight
hundred and forty five tubes so over
3,800 tubes that's like that's a lot of
tubes so here's my plan
Brittany is putting Kane to bed she's
usually about 30-40 minutes or she falls
asleep while I edit that can't happen
tonight she has to be awake 38-hundred
tube should be enough to fill my fridge
trust hasn't got to pull any pranks
while he's here
are you with are you staying with me you
focus we are going to take these tubes
in and fill the refrigerator we're gonna
fill a fridge something super innocent
super fun let's go look at all these
tubes now breaking knows we have the
tube she knows they showed up Oh what
can we do with these tubes I'm just
going to catch her off guard with
something silly there's some fun don't
help me you'll do it give two empty
decision
why are we engine fish we're gonna empty
it all out
oh my yeah there's all you want to eat
it all that would be way easier than
putting it all in here we would take
them
let's just put it all in here and just
hide it kind of okay I'll just go bed no
I will put it back in tonight or
tomorrow there's nothing better than
today
stop worrying about the food but I
didn't ear it works things if she falls
asleep in there
she always though she'll never miss you
oh my god
sorry my office is probably the safest
place Zeus is like oh yeah
it's freaking freezing dude put some
shoes on
maybe one more these tubs look at this
look at that
are you gonna steal it look
all these are fall who are you gonna do
other than I feel it we're gonna take it
in store stacking again
this is awesome
look at this it's just fun good I love
it
that's that this one yeah this me the
last thing we do I think this is good
be careful they're going close she's
probably asleep dear
firewalls huh firewalls I would
have to be quiet anymore
just pipes sleep I'm so worried about
that if Zeus is asleep she's asleep are
you hiding
are you hide maybe give me five there it
is a levee boy let's say she does come
out mm-hmm how do we get her in the
fridge if you have to ask if something
I'm not going to but you're the guest
she'll do anything for you they still
have milk do you have any milk that's a
good one because she might not actually
never I shall no but she'll get it so
here we are letting time pass I'm
debating to go in and see if she's
asleep
maybe text and just say yo are you awake
trois is just eating zero they really
don't care they've got water inside of
oh that is so nasty sometimes pranking
is like fishing you cast your bait out
and you wait for a bite
not really we I was just I swear on
everything I just told to Ross like
she's out she fell asleep what happened
King took forever I think you did fall
asleep well we just gotta end this a log
is good button sir you know for like a
month it lasts forever I'm eating cereal
for after like a year right but I run
out of milk you drank all that milk in
there I think I did you know adduction
don't - bought up some woman boy you
mean where milk you open the other side
you're clean enough up Joss is cleaning
it up it was all his idea
it's all truck that's all he cares about
is the food look how beautiful this is a
while no as soon as you went in the room
we started Oh blood can't get meters
water I know now you never come out
that's why I knew her so quiet I feel
like I knew I was acquired he was so
nervous
do we have any milk did you actually eat
the cereal I do know he did hey today
we've been doing science the last two
days this is the only innocent thing we
could come up with you know what he said
put firecrackers in the room this is the
perfect time to actually in this vlog
thank you guys for all the love and
support
well you're awake now so we're gonna
need some help
I am not helping you oh all the foods in
my office in buckets
I decided to look you moved you got it
we can't leave it out for too long oh
just recognize that fridge oh I feel bad
about that
thanks for everything I hope you've
enjoyed today tell us today in the
comments what should we slow mo we still
we run our weather has been really
hurting us on some of the things we want
to do tomorrow's calling for rain too
but never know might get some Sun diz a
friend annoyed she's buckets got them to
lock good night good night set again
it's puck way to nurture all right love
you baby
you guys are awesome you're one of a
kind
don't forget it small one go oh my god
yes here bubblin yep
it balls oh my God look at the Czar's
awesome stairs shoot this out
Wow
