hey guys welcome to the vlog channel it
is chaos in here if you ever want to be
stressed out or just high anxiety watch
me pack for a trip hi body
I am always last second everything gets
thrown into a bag and I go I love you
I'll see you tomorrow ain't for you to
pull out so they can pull in with the
tracks from adult cowboy cane come here
buddy I need the biggest loving hug ever
oh that's it I know he's so much MA
by Zeus I love you baby I love you whoo
we are out of here
thumbs up hope you guys are having such
a good good day maybe it's morning
evening night whatever time it is I hope
it's perfect
hope you're getting ready to sleep great
I hope you're waking up feeling good
whatever it is be positive let's kill it
today let's make this day our day let's
go me me in just a few minutes
well fuel as perfect timing here we go
here we go so I just got so excited
because all my confirmation said
first-class seats which is you know hard
to get business is playing for it but
when I got here the guy was like nope
you're in coach
ah haha alright guys welcome to the
beautiful Los Angeles I got Luke here
what's up man I don't think that I've
ever been fit I'm gonna have
yeah that's like a real tree that's a
real like tree so we're here we may kind
of skip past all the flying stuff how
many times I can just keep showing that
in the puppets look at that son this is
another way you know you're in LA
there's nice cars everywhere so I'm
supposed to be going straight to my
hotel but Luke is gonna take where we go
on man you wanted some good ribs man
barbecue barbecue ribs barbecue we're
gonna make a driver take me here I
haven't eaten today so I'm hurtin
give me your phone what's up just it's
pretty beat-up
oh my god he's making fun of my beat-up
camera Luke thank you so much Adam nice
to meet you
couple things usually happen when I get
in LA number ones usually meet up with
Alex like last second my plane was in
Atlanta I was at yo you want to get food
he's like yeah I was like oh you're here
you're like none I'm here I'm still in
my plane the second thing is usually
he'll stone barber here no Joe good food
good friend thanks thank you for setting
this up by the way what this is like
Alex's spot he always sets up was
usually a fella head even get in here
first of all we missed it I don't how
many times I've just showed up here
they're like you don't have a
reservation so it's one of those places
and so how's everything long dude good I
feel like I'm going to get like people
are gonna get mad that I'm eating ribs
to the point I don't wanna get my hands
dirty
dude I'm eating with a fork - you don't
visit me more i ribs with four tonight
over time that's how either he didn't
answer me what'd you say I said how come
you don't visit me more every time I
come to LA I visit you first you're my
number one I told you guys that I was
here for like 20 hours 24 hours is that
for me
ramen yep alright see you dude that was
awesome nice hanging well let me know if
you have time a little bit later on
maybe we could yeah I got one meeting
and then I don't know I don't know let
me know alright buddy bollocks bollocks
bollocks how you doing tonight I'll find
you I'm very good man just had a good
dinner hung out with a good friend whole
debate down yeah oh there you are what's
up boy you getting ready for bed it's
crazy it's still light here a little bit
where's mommy
there's mommy but I miss you guys
already bye I love you warping into the
hotel room I've never been to this hotel
actually it's very unique I mean it's a
hotel room I know what to say I have a
meeting I have a meeting in about 15
minutes downstairs nothing big or
special just uh things basically going
over what's going on for the next week
or so and you know just putting it in a
time line I guess take it's just this is
my suitcase not your typical suitcase
usually people bring clothes this is
what I brought
hair spray deodorant chargers cameras
charger my little fan wireless mark mics
RC cars a skunk skin a rubber snake
three t-shirts and one pair of pants man
what am i doing nice space
there they are maybe I might as well do
something while we're doing nothing
right this has to be one of the
strangest hotels I've ever stayed at
what is the difference between a motel
in a hotel that I don't actually
know what that means oh this is nice
look at this
dear I just closed that door now I'm
outside what just happened
well I was just in the hotel I went
through one door and it just kicked me
out here and it locked behind me alright
guys I just want to say hi to some of
the crew from Lionsgate right here hey
guys what's your name diana and amelia
these guys are the ones helping us out
with a lot of this tour Dennis Roady
look at you acting all Lionsgate now bro
this is my Lionsgate get sold out I
can't believe it yep they bought me we
got John my manager this this is the guy
that hey buddy
Christian this is the guy John that I
don't know if ever I've told you the
story one day Dennis and I were leaving
Los Angeles after VidCon years ago I had
to be years ago we got this phone call
early morning we had an early morning
flight we got this phone call a hey we
want to make a movie with you meet me in
the lobby this guy shows up he's like yo
we want to make a movie with you guys
and Dennis and I metalli
we were already like we want to make a
movie so we jumped on and here we are
sitting on a table with Lionsgate put
all right guys very quickly wrapping
that up smiles $4 largest $6 hey so
anyway guys had a quick meeting it went
very well everybody's super excited I'm
excited this is a let me try to explain
real quick what exactly we're doing here
we had to take a quick trip to LA which
is where we are now we're here until
tomorrow evening tomorrow's press all
day different outlets TV shows news you
name it promoting my new movie which
comes out April 1st and I never thought
ever in my life there would be a day
that I'd be on here talking to you guys
about a movie coming out that I made so
I'm just so
it's very surreal and it just that I
it's not gonna hit me until this movies
been out for two weeks that I have a
movie I never man I'm out explain it
long story short we're basically in a
different city every day promoting the
movie whether it's TV shows talk shows
news radio it's kind of a press tour
more or less so guys thanks again for
being here and hanging out with me and
your support is on friggin reel do you
know how close this channel is the six
million subs and I'll be honest you guys
have made it climb over the last three
days way faster than while like you guys
have been sharing stuff but you've been
blown eyes all because of you and I give
you the credit for all of it so thank
you thank you thank you anyways I want
to tell you guys something that I've
never told you before so every time I
get a hotel room which is you guys know
I am in a lot of hotels lately the first
thing I do is I check everything I'm not
kidding I check everything from the
mirrors behind the mirrors the reason I
check mirrors is because during our
movie this is where you put a camera
behind the mirror it was always behind
mirrors so the frickin movie made me so
paranoid in all these hotels are always
covered in mirrors so I'm always it's
made me a mess like even when I got here
I looked up at this this thing and I was
like that's a camera I know there's a
camera in there love you guys I got so
much to do man I said I'd aspire to be
up at 7:00 in the morning which to most
people is not bad to me
it's tough cuz I usually don't finish it
until about three four o'clock here we
go here we go let the journey begin baby
I love you don't forget how important
you are you're one of a kind thank you
for everything
smile
Bridge out what only in the movies could
you jump a bridge guys don't jump bridge
some
