hey guys welcome to the blog we got the
whole crew with something wrong
nothing you act like you didn't know
this camera was coming
no I didn't we have a very awesome
special guest coming to the house today
what are you doing I'm putting this on
the pinball machine because Todd's come
in and we can't clean when he pee you're
gonna give him a heart attack oh my god
this was my walls idea he's not gonna
fall for it
Amber's cleaning chairs today I mean
does that really need dawn chair
cleaning oh my god are you ready for our
special guest today are you sure he's
pretty crazy
so pretty much all we're doing this
morning in Brittany and Emily went to
the grocery store to fill this fridge
with groceries is get ready for a
special guest that's what we're doing
you guys know when we have a guest we
like to like make sure the house is nice
pictures rose nice check that off the
list
check check eggs eggs bacon sausage that
should be plenty you want more
Oh horror mayo come on it's better that
thing is not out of luck to die swear oh
oh I wasn't gonna come what do you mean
ha ha ha I told him you wouldn't fall
for a second I didn't know you were here
is gonna put the camera up and get you
that's it all right are you hey are you
gonna run a fish tank today I'm gonna
hope that time does it fail but I'm sure
for a second his heart drop
they're fighters with a little bit this
is the biggest part of the day Zeus
breakfast you gotta eat really good dude
look at this I don't actually know how
good this is but feels my god honey you
ready you want the best piece leave it
no leave it leave it leave it
okay hey get your breakfast how's that
yeah what dude with a have french toast
waffles or pancakes but we are having
syrup syrup on your meat look at this
like father like son
let me tell you guys a very weird and
honest story I have not showered today
haven't you sure last night so one of us
one of us doesn't smell yeah I think I
know who I have a shower today because I
ran out of hairspray I mean completely
out so this I'm using yesterday's
hairspray to maintain this it's all it's
all well thought out like this is not
because I didn't want to shower because
I couldn't what could I have done
washed everything but my hair I thought
it I don't I didn't want to say that
though and it makes me look like an
idiot anyways no I running out to get a
couple things I don't know why I shared
that with you you wouldn't know whether
I showered or not but now I told you I
did it big deal Sean is not that
important every day dude curl power that
means you can do more reps this I think
you just spray it on your arm and then
you're stronger I just wanna give use
did and make my kids like dad I feel
like bars of soap have been like deleted
from the planet I still like bars so but
nobody ever has them everyone uses body
wash stuff like that one
whoa what is certainly not as nice as it
was yesterday I'm in a full hoody it's
still pretty chilly you see a coaster
we just passed this house or something
holy moly that thing is gone I see a
ceiling fan really oh my gosh that's
crazy yeah it's like a whole basement
and everything oh yeah in it there's the
door home you driving uh I'll get in the
passenger seat
this house is free and clean like to
clean I've never seen it like since we
moved in it's like this
hey what's fighting Oh cuz I've been
running around like a mad mommy clean
his house he always a mad woman I mean I
can't remember the last time I saw this
part of the house this floor there's
nothing there no even like my I need I
really really need to get a little stand
for my side of the bed
hi bogey so little so I'm not actually
gonna take a shower
I'm just gonna wash my hair real quick
and probably destroy this camera
get in here with me but I tell you I got
the best kids in the entire world I'm
sitting here washing my hair and Kane is
scratching my back you are the best in
the next and the next like week or two I
wash my body Hey I sit in the next week
or two I'm actually gonna wash my body
I'm trying to do a anything where you
don't shower and you only watch the body
part a day
so today's head sleep it was oohs and
Zeus baby me and you
yeah no no and II got washed today this
house got a full makeup of a Zeus's bed
got cleaned it's brand new again only
last a few days with this dog he is a
monster it's like having a monster truck
live in your house this is G do that so
next time you said my name or dad's
sister who was that Kane is that Kane
look who's that
don't pull down like crappy built
curtains it's time to wear out the dog
Street edition all right Zeus it's me
versus you let's go
come on
that's already dinnertime it's actually
master yeah you gonna do it all yeah
dude I am so excited right now for sweet
woman whoo doing a great job
look at this little baby cane corn cane
on the cob you're not gonna be able to
eat it very good with all in one front
that's you like this Oh like Bucky the
beaver knows that sweet corn no no no no
no no no here we are
dinnertime at the Atwoods my camera goes
Auto blurry ah after this amazing dinner
thank you honey
uh our special yesterday finally here I
night's bit I know it took so long I
know I got another one to eat - hey
handy her who is it oh hey
well they probably do because they
actually skip past this part of the log
to see who it is and then they come back
maybe that's what
all right guys our guest is finally here
my brother's here - sup buddy
right you don't know who this guy is you
will after this week we're about to make
some are you in come out there come into
the bunk stone house this is what I
design cakes I pranked you yeah it's
crazy Russian hacker Jarrah's baby
welcome to the lol they're so tall yeah
how tall six seven Sammi sudden breath
most people say that because I see them
like in the camera another store here we
go
you're pretty friggin tall dude
let's see if I can make walk to your you
got it Oh almost here that's why we
built the taller gyms take off the coat
man you're safe you're safe in this
house you think you know you can I take
one big everything you're safe you can
relax you can just well we'll see you at
home is your home
trust brought some craziness and what's
in this box is probably what I'm most
excited for but awesome thing liquid
nitrogen tank we're gonna be blended
just what we need
I am NOT that any videus in liquid
nitrogen so should be fun I'm sure
Dale's already racking his brain like
nitrogen so we got so much cool stuff
we're actually gonna sit at this table
for a while me Dale Ross Brit and we're
gonna brainstorm because he didn't get
in late it's late yep but uh we've got
we've got time to play so we're gonna
come up with crazy ideas I'm sure you've
already come with a lot ideas I've got
ideas Dale's got ideas this your idea
about yeah Oh sick blog yes no more get
you do have a blog do now it's so during
the storm you're gonna hold a pole and
the lightning is gonna come down and hit
you in slow motion I like that well you
got the gloves and a single rifle just
for you could be do be entertaining yeah
I hope it gets warm soon so good little
buildings filling a hub oh my gosh this
is crazy
so tonight I'm not gonna lie it is
really about making the rest of this
week insane
awesome something new something unique
experiments explosions you name it we're
gonna do it
this is awesome this is so awesome it's
gonna hung up tomorrow right so we had
to run out I know before I went to New
York in LA we mentioned fan of the week
we've got our first one and this is this
is something we would want to make fun
like we want to make this fun we've
already posted it on our smart more
Twitter this is the very first fan of
the week and I think you all agree with
me look at this look at this guy
I don't know that we should I don't know
that we should sign their photo that I
feel like we should sign picture of our
family and send it right well we are
yeah that would be cool but we already
did it this way so yeah maybe we'll add
that this frames broke oh no way
yeah I think I gotta order a new one I
think that makes it even more like us
though this stuff random broken stuff I
just want to say that family week has
nothing to do with how much smile more
stuff you have but when I saw this photo
it blew my mind and this is an old photo
I believe he sent this like last year
but he resent it and I had to like it's
just such a whole photo it could be you
it just made a custom smile more wall it
doesn't have to be our merch at all but
this one I fell in love with I do it's
great so we will start failing a week
now and we want to have fun with it you
got a cool photo of you with smile more
it can literally be you they have
written it on a wall it doesn't have to
be merged just fun we want to make this
fun and want to make you a part of our
life and our journey we will hang you up
in our smile more building once a week
so I'm already excited to pick the next
one yeah I also want to say that the
smile Moore store officially finally has
a real Twitter account there's only one
there's only one real account and it's
us I'll put it at the top of this video
if you want to follow us on Twitter
that's where we'll post you guys on fan
of the week and probably more than just
do we yeah what's the instant smile more
temp all right we gotta go we gotta go
I know it's a terrible time in the vlog
like it just is but we're gonna go and
hash out all night ideas and cool stuff
for tomorrow and the next day and it was
gonna make it fun so let's do it I send
it did you show them this what what
those are boxes lots of offices here's
the newest update on the mystery haul
the mystery wall oh boy coming soon
looks cool now I like it like this thank
you guys for hanging out support and
watch and we freaking love you I don't
know what to say this week is gonna be
so much fun I think I'm more excited
about it than you are
umm that's it we gotta go we're gonna
call it a night we love you don't forget
you were one of a kind small more
beautiful oh this is the secret the
secret is the secret ingredient
Oh
