okay okay here we go you ready pretty
girl you ready to do this
drum roll guys we are getting ready to
get John we are about to shoot up in
today's the day that we are doing our
local deliveries now we are starting off
where we left off in yesterday's vlog so
it's oh it's still light out we're good
I know it doesn't even matter if it's
dark we're gonna show up at some local
viewers you guys hopefully you're home
and hopefully we can this can be a fun
thing I hope it's just a good thing so
the girls have been pulling up potential
families for us were you just shaking
about you just go on in the work attire
you ready
well you better suit up this is today's
work attire is a little different than
usual
oh we got chase of course your aunt
where's chase J hey I should have never
showed him this thing chase we gotta go
we get out of your spaceship buzz you
gotta be able to carry the goods
alright I'm next I'm next - hurry up
there's your suit yo MC Hammer daddy
right there Oh boom boom boom yeah okay
okay and then you raise the bar you
raise the bar you're talking about the
workout gym God yeah got it
Jim I hope you have princess let me help
you up alright she's out of control
take it like martial arts classes now
you trying to take you out
but that is not a mother of a newborn
you've gone crazy that is a mother of
mine right yeah that's what happens
that's what happens when we start the
blog's later in the day and not in the
morning your hat oh yeah you got to get
rid of the smile more smile more brainy
this look comfortable though no actually
the pants fit you so good ah oh my gosh
you are elf you got to keep the ears out
wait here's the here's the here's the
truth you guys first of all both of you
look great all right country you look
good yes but when I bought these I saw
two on the package so I was like we got
two more for me and John but it looks
like we only have enough for you guys
why won't you stay warm up yeah I feel
like it suits you the best
plus I can't rock that wig like you I
love it pull the front down I think
there you go so this is Christmas right
here well it's it's it's quick quick
chromis chromis oh that's nice
real it's a wig guys it's not real this
may come at the shocker I've never worn
curlers before secondly it was 1999 when
the last time I wore curlers was 1999 Oh
God I have been on her bad side all day
yeah you ate her pizza
no I didn't chase his front so basically
we're gonna suit up and we're gonna load
the truck and we're out of here we're
gonna we're gonna go deliver some key
goods that is awesome doo doo doo doo
look Cora likes it cause he's won yeah
why cuz I'm fat and I'm like Santa and
I'm fat I'm an idiot I cookies and milk
in the middle houses
see I like that that looks nice you look
good I mean I would say no hood but oh I
do have your perfect there you go so
everybody has something I just need
something now that you're required to
wear that Hawks what you think this is
good right that's acceptable somebody
said why don't you just wear the thing
you wore for your Christmas looks great
yeah should we get a picture all
together absolutely okay
thanks Rox very good brother we all just
went through Grand Theft Auto stores we
just bought like random attire like
don't cut it don't cut it every single
time
every tear you cut is one mountain do
you go chug yo John looks like he's
about to shoot up Whoville oh well it is
a beautiful day to go out man we getting
lucky on the weather it could be raining
and it could be you know what I mean
like this it's nice John okay the
weather is nice of course I'm here I'm
right next to grow we got this crazy
sunset coming down at us we're gonna
give away some sweet toys today these
are just big items you have your own
brothers today's yes this day so three
freestyle hoverboards we got too many
bikes we got the one Traxxas because I
could only find uh it doesn't come with
the controller the battery or the
charger so I only have one extra these
so we got one full kit I'll do this is
so awesome
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo
okay here we go oh oh I haven't been on
this for a while here we go alright here
we go
yo this is what I'm running I'll just
meet you guys on location all right
it's my board for tonight this is the
next hoverboard right here yeah I'll see
you guys at the first house so like we
got three of these to give away tonight
I hope everybody loves this is such a
cool thing here that's gonna make so
many smiles pattern yeah we should go
grab just some small more merch to like
little stuff right they just if they
have like this is all we have left
because they have like minor little
scratches or like shipping issues do a
bunch of them Christmas ornaments we got
camo hats you know what the camo huts
are drop my boots on the floor mom still
gun we got pizza what wear it oh that
was a great shot all right we got to
blur this but we got all our houses here
we're gonna find these families we're
gonna go behind all this trash guys is a
beautiful sunset
we already yeah it's like oh you guys
look do you want to do it we can ramp
Clifford okay so we pulled up to the
first house there's a bunch of kids
walking down the street they seen us
another running back so they have to
live at the house just pull up to him
just pull up to them and see if see if
they know we saw you running back so
we're like maybe they're looking for us
I got
tomorrow more hats come on hot you guys
got Christmas tree you want to run him
it might as well right yeah yeah
rock'n'roll let's get a pic so he saw
they were running back we thought that
they lived at the house but they
actually just ended up being random kids
on the street I knew us so we hooked
them up with so that was super random
but it worked out great we got him some
hats some ornaments now this does not
look like the home but this is dirt bike
territory right here dude no one's home
that's terrible home I can see okay
nobody's here
nobody's at this one but we can hit it
on the way back oh just in case they got
cameras look you can chill yo this means
we're coming back oh great
okay we struck out on the first house
which is not terrible we left an
ornament on the front door which means
though they'll see it and say we either
miss them or this is something super
freaky and random it is beautiful
tonight how about some jams huh doesn't
sing the whole time jingle bells
all the way slay that goes one way yay
thought to roll up the house to
hopefully it's all good we uh you know
we don't want any problems tonight we
looked kind of like a Christmas parrot
right now it looks a little freaky so
we're his last moment the last bullet
elf was gone it's not in my contract
you just came here for no reason
well we hold like five addresses tonight
and you're the first ones home yes all
right
but you guys might have it you got some
on one hats
yeah okay we got good and then we have
either you pick I can give you one
Traxxas Slash of RC or country's many
buddies what you want maybe by many by
many
what do you think when it's all Roman
I'm gonna do it I don't believe it bring
it in right here we should just put the
little red plastic bike in here now no
pawn jumping with this okay but you
enjoy this and one thing I would say
Roman mentioned to me it is the upgrade
let's say thank you guys for your
support we see it we love it we wanted
to bring you something cool like pizzas
we should be good at this I don't know
what I don't can't find any addresses
you're driving like a hundred miles an
hour how we're supposed to read the
numbers I can't read at that speed slow
down a little bit I don't really read
well and you know it is the mola adds a
lot of horsepower oh my god you know
they say that we made their night I
think they just made our moment they
just finished watching the video of
today's vlog watching that video and
you're knocking on their door yeah the
superfans yesterday was a current-day
vlog so it literally ended with we're
getting in the truck and headed out and
they were just finished watching it and
we've said we're going out to the Lord
yes how great is that
and that's loyalty good on to the next
on to the next up you got a lot of
lights off at this house I don't know if
anybody's home oh my here I heard
footprints
we brought Christmas gifts are you guys
good do you want to go get them that you
hey you watch a lot oh yeah did you see
today's not yet okay well that's okay
because that went up very late so we
want you to enjoy this freestyle
hoverboard dude you see right yeah boom
you gonna need uh dad's help with this
one and start slow hold on to something
get the feel for it okay cool oh yes
music I got a Christmas ornament it's
more crystals or not oh yeah and cam on
that yep token love and add it to the
tree man you go yes go out right now
really wanted to meet you thank you guys
for your support
Merry Christmas hope you guys have the
best Christmas ever see uh maybe again
okay okay so second house super awesome
amazing family and crazy story towards
the end did you catch it on that camera
I don't think I did so he says the boy
says do you remember when I was at your
house and I was like I mean a lot of
people come to my house and I was like I
was just thinking maybe he stopped by
with his dad or whatever and he said I
was the kid they got tackled off the
dirt I cannot say
the coolest story so we never caught on
the vlog but years ago before smile more
store even existed Brittany and his wife
either worked together or I don't know
the story but she invited them over
because he was a big fan this was years
ago he gets on the dirt bike still
training wheels on it going full speed
towards all these people and his dad
literally tackled him off the dirt bikes
it was amazing but it was not my vlog so
I do he's crazy
so crazy so thanks little buddy for all
your support and I was so sorry I just I
didn't I didn't recognize him I was like
my groan yeah he's like four foot taller
now yeah this is so much fun can we just
do that for small murmurs we can just do
all the we could do our own ups yeah
more ups for locals you guys won't run
the truck okay so we just stopped for
some food and I listened to this tweet I
just got just saw a red truck with some
boxes in the back go down the next
street over for me
oh I'm hallucinating I wish I got to
meet you oh my bad I wish to meet you
ever get a chance I'm a death wish one
day I want to still meet you I'm gonna
DM say send us your address I'll be
there right now Jenna Jenna call this
phone again these fools like you they
don't have your phone I didn't think you
dude check me you gave me your the keys
that's it it's in here somewhere you
submit yours
take them all I hear it like it's right
here I need to get me things got it you
need to move your hair I don't have it I
hear it up here dude I hear it up there
follow your mullet I'll follow your
mullet census it's like right here
okay
house number this will be our fourth
attempt house number three hopefully
they're home I see some white so that's
good
you guys ready we were looking for small
more
we're from small more Roman Atwood from
YouTube and we were hoping to surprise
whoever been making those purchases I
bought something yeah you know what do
you be happy to be surprised your kitty
we can hide in the house okay so this is
not a total bust because Grandma and
Grandpa are here and they're gonna allow
us there they're gonna be you're about
eight minutes you see they're on their
way they're gonna let us just be in here
and we're gonna answer the door for them
Vanetta extra hoverboard in the house so
I thought we'd bring you one Christmas
ornament and hat actually happens we
have more
do you ever hear that knock it means I
met your door no it's true I feel like
we got any action in this house than
that oh my god hey we just came to
borrow your kid's bike can I use this
yeah he's definitely returned he's
definitely in still deliver yeah
everyone thinks this big is really tight
so you watch everyday he's a lot bigger
smaller in person
okay how about me bigger smaller party
yeah so yeah RC racing you can see you
won't get your own tracks
dude what'd you think man brought goods
I thought you were for real they fade
like your eyes with your head
yeah we're rigging this guy right now
this play time you were awesome keep
being awesome alright finish up my last
day of school tomorrow and it's yes like
it doesn't take long to realize why we
do what we do it is the greatest feeling
to be able to surprise a family and see
that the kids light up they seem almost
passed out I was worried I was genuinely
concerned these headlights rolled back
to his head I said even before we left
he's like I still feel dizzy so
absolutely amazing it is getting so late
I'm worried that kid like people are
starting going to sleep it's been a
great night either way like I'm so happy
dude I'll be honest I don't know furtive
right house there's no address I'm
totally guessing nervously oh you got
that camo on oh listen I'm decision like
it awesome I've done oh you did didn't
you yeah
you guys have to leave this one for the
other boy and they know you're here bro
my seven-year-old up oh no no no yes he
is you're gonna wake them up at the mall
yeah so your camera I was like wait Lisa
what's up dude what you think this week
out duh can't we we woke you up
it's too late like now let's just go
hey dude yo I got you a big red bike did
you think of that don't don't ramp in
the palm do you even know what that is
it looks like one of country's bikes
dude you get to ride that in your
backyard
as long as dad's okay with it amazing
job this was a team effort oh no I knew
I was getting a little late they
actually woke the kids are wonderful
beautiful family and and that's that's
all their gifts right now right yeah
everything nice successful night man
Hecky oh you made some families night
like truly excited definitely I don't
know who gets more out of it probably no
country with that pork belly like
they're so excited but man what we leave
with is so inspiring like it definitely
makes me want a floor anymore makes me
want to make another videos like just
helps people so much I love you guys
we're headed home and we returned back
to smile a more robot
there's my little monster hey tuck see
no I thought that was Kane oh I thought
that was tux I mean oh it's Kane
my ladies what's up baby yeah I love you
guys I missed you
it's crazy it took a lot longer than I
thought
just to do everything that we did
tonight was amazing though and now we
gave everything away
it was awesome great night fleshie you
know you're not allowed on the carpet
I'm not allowed then why am I always on
the carpet he's look he's like just just
I'm allowed I'm allowed cor is enjoying
the show so I hope you guys had an
absolute wonderful day truly inspired
today I feel I feel super super good and
I'm just happy I'm definitely happy to
be home to with with my little one so hi
baby girl
daddy missed you not you I did not miss
you though you're a monster
dude come out oh it's it's like right
there right this guy look at this guy I
love you guys we will see you tomorrow
thanks for being here thanks for being a
part of everything we do and thanks for
helping me keep this streak going we
will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
