good morning yeah hey little lady hey
everybody's trying to snap out of it
mud mud mud so nice hey we got Momo here
today yes what's up mama I looking good
in that shirt by the way
yeah let's start paying you to wear
those yes I got the black one too does I
got as I told you guys yesterday we have
a special guest arriving right now he's
actually here right now there's some
weird little dog out there too it's not
ours they're special guests Oh what's so
Tom are you in your soup I've never met
yet ICMP Sen love ham
no Daktari either you know what's that
guy's name
Jana Jana Jack Hanna Jack Hanna it's Tom
Hanna Hanna German Shepherd this is the
baby kick so I got my good friend Tom
here for those of you that don't know
Tom uh you know he's been in the prank
mold since way before I was in fact when
Abraham Lincoln was president still yeah
as I started climbing on YouTube I
remember reaching out to Tom and I was
so honored to get to work with you he
was like yeah let's do it let's do it
and we showed up and the funny thing is
I was so excited to work with him we
didn't have anything to film like I just
showed up in Kentucky at his house and
we like now what the neighbors got a
treadmill
I remember saying Addison can we do
something a treadmill that was I was
funny so the fruits that we actually did
together were terrible at first I mean
like let's get better after a while
let's watch a couple of these and just
inaudible I mean this is bad so we just
a treadmill out onto the street isn't
the running track I'm not of a beat egg
my would make oh good
this one was funny to me we would go to
a chicken plate the KFC chicken and we
would we would go to the window and say
the chickens not done and inside that
bucket was a real live chicken with
Reggie the chicken I'm sorry I was here
earlier and my chicken is nowhere near
done I had to be a pain house her
earlier and I'll hit a chicken done but
I'm pretty sure we're the only ones left
yeah none of you thought we were from
PETA yes we are and we just left we
actually we actually went back for that
chicken I mean we came home Richard we
did find a home Lajoie you name it
Reggie Reggie the chicken yeah that day
was so painful because we had this guy
that was killing it on the prank world
and we were just kind of coming up and
then we showed up and he's like I got a
treadmill and a live chicken let us go
with it yeah we thought yeah I didn't
take you guys river come back and I'm so
happy that you did cuz you came back a
couple more time do we not develop our
back then on YouTube it was so funny
YouTube was still fun at that time you
could you could upload like something
like that and people like that you can
like 200,000 followers or something yeah
we were I mean at that time that was
huge yeah yeah it's really a really
really proud of
so as bad as those pranks were Tom ended
up coming to Columbus to film with us
and immediately redeemed ourselves this
is a real classic it's called the
fighting prank very soon
dude I didn't know she was married don't
be mad at me be mad at her you want some
of this apparently she did yeah where
are you dude it's your lucky day I'm
across the street of a bus stop I got a
bright orange shirt on I'm a black guy
yeah come on just sets him up so hard we
had all these MMA guys Matt Brown there
is ooh yeah yeah you don't want messing
with my wife
is on the phone with Moscow no sugar
does different God your cinema it was on
the pose so you mention one one no is no
it the best part of that prank to me on
its the golden prank you've got the
setup you've got a serious you're taking
somebody to the lowest point it's rider
and then the reveals are always so huge
because you're so relieved you're not
gonna get your buck just like a double a
break so that we come back with the guys
that you guys definitely took that to
the next level that was freaking
phenomenal
alright the joke
so anyway tom is here he came to visit
for the day and we're just trying to
figure out exactly what to do the Sun is
out and I could go out do some old
classics we could you want to do some
videos for your channel when you get a
 car like the cop I've had the cop
crook cuz I had her arrested in a video
you find a cop don't even watch mine
no I watch my videos on a cop car so he
can get me arrested and it was kind of a
dud I mean the prank work the idea just
of a reaction was so like I thought you
were gonna really flip out on that video
I did inside
do you have any weapons or anything on
you look forward to lake I've never been
an arrest in my life let me read your
rights real quick you have the right to
remain silent anything you can will be
used against you in a court of law
it's a she's I'd never been in jail
before it was it was a happy birthday
prank she got yeah they didn't take me
jail but I was scared to death I was
gone
hi so Tom and I just bounce that house
we're gonna get some food but I wanted
to show you this is 8th Street Miller
sport Ohio this is the to the street I
grew up on my whole life that's the
sweet corn festival once a year we would
have a big festival and it was like a
big thing for this town sweet corn fest
yes we can festival we got the ax
creamed corn festival
Oh messy I can talk it good so this is
it 8th Avenue man I grew up since 2
years old on the street how you been I'm
good how you doing good to see you come
on I'll talk enough good luck here come
on so what are these what are these I've
never seen these in my life
you've never seen here nicely here's
like a Krispy Kreme right I Chris begins
on that yeah this this is something that
we have but the karlova growler and all
over the Longhorn it
I love these you got trolleys I'll tell
you what they smell so good when they're
cooking Jordy you want is that where
there's noise 6 how many or how many 1
right there you go we're dessert yeah
they're very they smell like dessert
when they're cooking a special Jenna
bond it's like a silver I figured your
help.you your sugar fix and your feet
that's exactly is like a healthy coma so
what just happened my table today I took
care of your food they paid for our
table everything must have recognized me
yeah yeah sure sure the table yes
officer that's what
so it's just a fan eh yeah as a fan and
they left I didn't get to she told me
not to tell you
oh well maybe it uh maybe she watches
thank you so much that's that's crazy
that's yeah that's awesome so I'm glad
you recognized Tom yes yeah hey any luck
sis because I got the haircut people to
work about so when I say I legit have
the best viewers in the world Tom you
are Don dude it was a made best move out
there who I'm glad we picked this car
today
yeah formal drive I push on the little
knob thing well I want to give you like
a little Joyride but now it's we can
drift you want moving draft we can do
this but you got to love this weather
man like this is is beautiful
like this every day it stormy lightning
raining every day you should move there
what if I go one one hour ago we were
enjoying the sunshine I was complaining
about the heat I had you turn the arrow
now we're cold it's raining
we were going to do a fun joyride video
where I you know basically try to scare
Tom to death but now I think we're
having really screaming to DES if you
did it on the rain do it go man go
Morgan back home giving you a little
update on the building what you think
Tom this is really I I haven't even seen
this room yet until today but it's we
got ourself a little kitchen great we're
ready to shelf this place man we have so
much useless what could be yours man you
need a well here when I come here you go
hot Tommy's room Tommy claim it if you
got it the best without the hot get this
one because I'm older and I got good
yeah this would be great for you and
lift it up million i everything lightest
in the you know the worms the wrong side
of 40 bladder this is part for me
appreciative of it
well this is not a puzzle what wasn't
rare touch glucose not taste it taste it
see what that again I will shower that's
for the long dirty nuggets if this to me
is really what's up for grabs right now
I need your guys's up to check this out
so this is unfinished as of now but look
at the space and the potential that we
have hi Brit why did you wanna concrete
no you did not Oh big footprint
I just it's not that big go sonic yeah
you might as well sign it
no joke my brother looked into a bowling
alley but it's so expensive and
apparently so this is 80 feet apparently
you have to have a 110 feet or something
like that
so this doesn't even long enough so we
got yeah yeah you know just all carpet
it and some really cool wall flat-screen
TVs for now I would totally stay here
all day
call the kids today you know out for a
while so for now it's just a big
unfinished upstairs will probably store
inventory up here
t-shirts things you know not shelf sure
you guys missed
me I missed you more you're warm dude
how's everybody's day I'm all wet from
infant rush Oh
why do you help me do that you doubt
their business I got two healthy boys
right here willing to empty trash cheer
playing man yeah I can't swing it like
mama bear Oh Mama's the trash slinger do
you need help
what is one talk I got something for
your office what is that this is what
person this is serious
wait till you see this is different it's
not what you think it is hold on thank
you who told you
well then you brought us a water cooler
oh that's actually the best gift ever
oh yeah almost and you even go I don't
know this ain't this is this is not a
water cooler this is a this is a smile
more color look at this that's not way
this is it you that's a brand-new hair
shot I just got there last week nice for
your new office I love it Tom
yeah so this goes on and this is happy
juice it's a smell more juice in here
all right
that's what this is I fight a little
shot glass so Tom and I are about to
film a little video here and know what
look at this what is this
Kiwi berries I've never heard of these
in my life oh I don't know how do you
eat these sweet you got this you about
the scoop out the center like a Kiwi are
these left-handed creamy berries or
right hand a Kiwi beer know what you got
make sure you get the right monitor yeah
these are left-handed he'll be very
pleased with eating with your left there
you go let's do it do you meet me before
is it good let me see that since I oh my
gosh it's a key oh there's a baby Kate
wait it's exactly a QE only thing I like
tomatoes like that little bit of a low
so we just shot a little video for Tom's
channel and you're actually gonna take
off I gotta game it's it for our four
hour drive where I Drive thanks for
coming man I really really miss you we
got to do something soon so maybe it's
all for free maybe just some real old
fun Street stuff like nothing crazy in
the hood what is it called now
in the hood gone wrong yet on sexual
yeah I don't know hey so Tom's gonna
take out guys go check out Tom's show me
to show him some love it'll be in the
description of this video go show him
your power this guy's got some real
classic and he's been robbed of a lot of
uh you like the underdog of YouTube now
yeah yeah you know I started well before
YouTube my first video went viral on VHS
tape what do you boys do this stuff and
I'm kind of just uh I'm like the old and
cranky got cranky old man I have a
blaster you should do Oh membranes I
should I'm like right here in the middle
but I'm too old for you to but not old
enough for Off Their Rockers
what's that lady's name why Betty White
Betty White he's got so much on our
archives of videos if you're
entertaining all those videos yeah I'm
not when you work here thank you for the
walk this will get you so much in the
signed picture of that mascot brand-new
headshot look drunk from the 1990 doll
that was taken last week look at that
what the same gainers I'll be right back
okay all right I love you
see ya I'll be right back
I purposely asked you to go crazy when
they so went no look a long time ago no
it used to make me act crazy in the car
just to see what people would do uh and
he would just laugh so hard I was crying
now you're like don't embarrass me let
me take a minute to explain something to
you guys there's anybody out there that
maybe your mom and dad are split up you
don't get to see each one of them all
the time let me tell you something they
are thinking about you 24 hours a day
your mom and dad whether they're with
you or not when I'm not with Noah it's
the hardest part of my life is not being
beside my kids all the time and you know
with my circumstances it's just not an
option for me just know that you are
everything to them everything whether
they show it whether you can see it you
are everything to them you are their
whole life I missed my son Noah before
he even got on the truck tonight it's
like a I start dreading it before it
even happens it's just my life I don't
want to I don't want complain about it I
just want you guys to know some of you
can relate to this
I just want you to know that your mom
and dad and
they just love you so much some of you
may be like no they don't what I do is
yell at me No everything they do is for
you man sometimes I guarantee it you
need yelled at I'm telling you like
trust your parents they know what's best
there only no matter what they're doing
they're trying better for you so don't
work too hard on your parents maybe no
trust me I was so I'm still apologizing
for the way I used acting my parents man
I was so hard I was a tough kid but they
knew his best man I really did
all right enough of this it feels like
like I'm bringing everyone down I just
sometimes I want to speak my mind
let's go on finish up this vlog yeah
that's it oh yeah oh my god whoa was
knocked me off what happened
that was your the canna the put the
canister finish on it baby ain't nothing
a little duct tape can't take care of a
piece for me are you sad look at my
beautiful fish you know they say houses
with fish tanks in them relief about 15%
of your stress this fish tank has got me
through some really tricky times it's
like a TV screen
hey little King Kong climbing on me I
just love it man the colors of the fish
pose before
this stuff like this see if I get this
clam to open it oh it's open
you mix this with a little shorter
massage you got yourself a night haha
yeah alright guys how friggin cool is
Tom man for bringing this stuff for us
that's like way too awesome I'm gonna in
the night with something magical oh my
gosh nobody saw that you know I'm just
I'm just feeling healthy tonight do not
wanna I wanna I want to really do it up
you'll never see me unhappy making a
plate of this like this oh cheese mania
I'm not gonna lie for the last like
three nights in a row when I edit I eat
this right here it's my edit fuel thank
you guys for hanging out today thank you
for yesterday I asked you to share your
favorite vlog in return I would do some
following sprees on Twitter and you guys
just as always blew it up and I just
thank you so much we're not at 6 million
yet but we are so close I can feel it's
coming soon thank you for all your help
and support fact is I can't do it
without you so thank you thank you thank
you I'm gonna plow these chips
get this vlog done and start fresh
tomorrow and after that it's it's it's
game time baby we're moving we're
hustling so don't forget how important
you are you guys are one of a friggin
kind don't let nobody try to stop you
from fulfilling your dreams you can do
whatever you want to do trust me so with
that being said you're beautiful you're
one of a kind smama when your dad comes
in we're all gonna laugh alright
I trained hard for this but
