hey guys welcome to the vlog channel we
are downtown Columbus right now
literally looks like we're ready to go
but I just rolled out of bed yeah I'm a
zombie flight right now so we're
starting the day a little interesting
today Carl and Tamar friends calling to
him are having a gender-reveal party for
their baby that's cool
you don't think they really know like
you you think they really don't know
what the baby is
no man I would be biting all my nails
off sweating when Britney and I went in
to find out what Cain was whether his
boy or girl I was in full sweat
head-to-toe sweat I was so scared so
nervous cuz you just don't know I mean
like what are you gonna have it's
life-changing
it's matter what it is it bad that I got
to take my computer up and upload the
vlog during the reveal party ah it's not
bad it's not bad they know they know me
yeah hey hey what's up so I gotta ask a
first question you really don't know
what the baby is
we have no idea I didn't look at oh my
god driving me nuts
you guys from a doctor and she gave it
to a hairdresser so you don't know
either
yeah no understand it but do did that no
one was in here I know but what are you
doing what is this
oh you getting your head actually
downloading her brain taking all the
info and hey Wilfred hey boy
did I get I can tell you one thing right
now you got some baby proofing to do man
this it is not child friendly in here
what is this is this steel this moving
part haha
oh right direction I'm gonna be honest
I'm just here for the sex so here's the
deal
Carl's got a crazy power laser and the
reveal is in that balloon so you want to
pop it with the laser yes I'm trying so
it's either going to be blue confetti or
pink confetti honey on the gender oh my
I said actually if you hold it perfectly
still it'll pop OH
all right let's plan that city is a
change of plans
I'm afraid the laser might bounce back
is it bounce back of my eye and I'm
seeing like everyone looks like a smurf
but so I'm gonna let Wilfred go crazy
and uh bust this eye let's see Wilfred
we go
only Carl would leave his RA out in the
rain ready are you ready yeah okay so
we're cutting on the move we're going to
get Noah right now from his buddy's
house and a huge congrats to : Tim
having a baby boy how exciting is the
key imagine if that was us having a baby
boy that would be so nice we have two
little girls right now so be nice to
have a throw on the move we're looking
we need to eat actually we're starving
we're both a little cranky look at her
you can tell you this is cranky brother
yeah so we need a to eat a little
something then we're headed over to my
brother's to film a really cool video
that I'm super excited about so
that's our Sunday Geoff fun good times
awesome Zeus Zeus come here buddy
what's up dude ha ha this is what
happens when you leave a pumpkin from
Halloween in the driveway
we just ran home real quick Britney's
gonna grab a bunch of chicken so we can
grill out Dale Zeus is going crazy that
we're home
Dale didn't mini bring this old ps3 but
apparently this one doesn't play ps2
games so it's not gonna work I think he
has an even older one at my mom and
dad's house that we have to go get drop
it drop it
hey honey sit good boy stay sippin into
a whole room shot oh it was close
if you didn't watch yesterday's vlog I'm
still pulling chunks of dirt and mud out
of places on my box
nose ear s all blurry I am a magician Oh
where's my brother
so I super sauce up the green screen
looks great looks way better than the
old one yeah it should be better if we
just just need a steamer dude a little
steam steam doggone it if you guys ever
want to vlog at night or in the dark I
just literally found this cool little
book light with a clamp just get one
with a clamp that fits onto the camera
and then boom look at that
when you think GI Joe I don't see how
does that look I mean you look great
we're here at the spooky haunted forest
of death I saw something what is it
sorry have you guys the cheapest way to
vlog in the dark I would say this thing
couldn't cost more than six thousand
dollars just a little insight on what
Dale and I are doing I'm more like what
Dale is doing right now to make a video
for you guys has been quite the
challenge what seems like a few seconds
has been 30 40 minutes so far trying to
get we figured out the elgato x' don't
record ps3
and if they do we just not able to
figure it out especially since we have
the newest Elgato which isn't working of
course my brother Dale bein kind of a
genius he's working on all these uh new
suggestions so I pulled out the old
component cable to get around the HDMI
block I'm gonna run the component cable
into the receiver HDMI out into the
elgato hopefully gets rid of the
security feed and maybe we'll be able to
record this crap I don't know I'm
nervous I'm nervous
this can men on the surface I look calm
and ready to drop bombs but I keep on
forgetting I'm expecting it the power
button see sparks or something there we
go
anyone all right well Dale's up there
rebuilding all the electronics in the
house banana man man what's mommy
working on Legos you are LEGO building
Mumma big ones go in the back you made
this yeah we love you daddy
yeah oh yes are the best so they had all
these beads over here and dales little
ropes so they made me uh we love you
daddy bracelet that'll be nice when I'm
out on tour I look down and I see it you
want you want your dad to win well i'ma
tell you this I mean it's win it boys
that's right ya know who's gonna win
tonight who's gonna win tonight
me too verse one boys what's up now
what's up now Dale when your dad comes
in role gonna laugh alright so when my
brother makes gaming videos he likes to
step it up a notch he invited me over to
getting a full attire which feels fun
I trained hard for this better all right
guys I don't want to give up all of the
ideas tonight for Dale's new gaming
video but he's come up with a really
creative way to do this one so I'm gonna
leave it that that's probably all I'm
gonna show tonight hopefully this his
video is up when this video goes up if
not it'll be you know really really soon
so we're gonna shoot all this I'll be
back in one second
Dale what is that on your shoulder what
is it we home just you was just so dark
in here
now we both know they ain't in your bed
there's no way that boy went to bed
Kayne okay well I want to play with them
hey get your little butt over here yeah
what are you doing playing with mommy
plants versus my me yeah all right guys
we're gonna cut this off a little early
tonight we have oh I'm gonna hang out
with the kids for a little bit and I'm
gonna edit this vlog early so I get some
sleep I got a new special guest coming
to the house tomorrow just for tomorrow
and then I'm off on the road again for a
while so things are getting a little
hectic get a little crazy I'm
transmitting but as much time as
possible here with everybody and I just
can't thank you enough for being here
being a part of everything we do I think
my brother's going to try to have the
gaming video up and we're really just
having fun as a family we are so close
to six million subscribers my head's
about to explode today now I'm putting
this at the end of vlog because I know
only the true viewers you are my true
viewer right now if you're if you're
watching right now so today please go
share tweet Facebook wherever you can
just whatever time you have if you have
30 seconds put it on one network your
favorite vlog ever made go share it tell
people to subscribe let's get to 6-9
together I can only do it with you like
there's no way I can do it without you
you guys are ridiculously powerful and
I'll never be able to thank you enough
so I'm gonna thank you in advance
please go share your favorite vlog I am
going to do a huge follow spree all
night tomorrow night anybody that tweets
out my you know your favorite vlog or
something that you'd like that I've made
tell people to subscribe I feel like
when I say it most of you are about to
turn the blow off like because I keep
repeating myself like alright Roman
we've heard it but you don't listen to
me like you want to listen to me but
you're just like ah he's just saying
that now you guys need to realize how
important you are man you're awesome
thank you for everything
look at this he thanks you look at him
he knows thank you guys we've see you
tomorrow thanks for the shares in
advance let's get the six mil we
freaking love you we'll see you tomorrow
smile more
