that's it that's what you're wearing
yeah what's up guys the decision has
been made Brittany and right now the
whole point of this is to get a good
picture remember that this is it hi
buddy
this isn't about mud wrestling this is
about getting the perfect photo right
are you going to like when are you going
to fight I'm gonna beat all right what
sound we'll see we'll see okay so we
have decided there's a little bit is
actually drying up outside but there's
still some mud out here Brittany and I
are gonna do the whole idea was like a
welcome to Ohio picture because it's
always muddy and disgusting but now it's
actually nice so why do we come up with
these ideas huh
yeah but you want to do it let's go pick
the right spot cuz it's like it is
drying up like this is just nasty dirt
this is no joke over here a mud
wrestling pit oh my gosh just in case
you are new to this channel welcome
secondly we are building a smile Moore
building here it's almost complete but
it's left us with all this construction
area it's all it it's all nasty in fact
I'm having serious second thoughts oh
this is good and soupy back here so you
think this is a good spot haha I think
we're gonna go here is it's so soupy and
it's been it's been torn up by the
tractors and oh my gosh look at that
that's soupy poopy right there
how long could you listen to that oh my
god
what's your mud wrestling name mine
mines mines mines mud II give me five
old it's sprayed all over me Oh daddy
here do what is that it's something
crawling oh it's so cold dude it's in my
mouth like rats nests
okay so Noah couldn't resist this really
bad idea so he wants to jump in you
ready no easy on dude I'm already wet
here we go go for the legs go for the
legs I'll let you grab me first how
should we do it how should we do a
slippery slope oh this wasn't landed in
cow manure
hi why do we have to do this stuff I'm
pretty quick dude was awesome since we
were all covered in mud I don't know if
we got a picture or not no it was like
snapping frames we're all muddy oh well
you're a good sport dude I don't think
you'd actually do it well we're lucky he
didn't come out oh he would be a
disaster
here here no no you're getting it a
living the curtains dude Oh shower time
creep-creep-creep don't run the whole
idea was let's get a funny picture for
Instagram and then it turned into less
mud wrestle for the vlog it's just fun
things like you got to open up and just
do different things nobody wants to get
in the mud like we did it but it's fun I
ended up being a blast we had a great
unusual time to jump in the shower but
that's exactly what I got to do I'll be
back in one second hey you know what all
that muds got me in the mood for
fighting your stinking butt ha ha ha ha
who wants it
mine's broke it won't come out
I hit
I'll keep turning it and it actually
worked
yeah it's pretty effective twists your
honor
oh yeah all right right back right back
we're hungry hungry hungry hungry hippos
what are you doing oh boy I don't know
if I approve it won't focus we have to
start cleaning up man it is crazy by the
way these are really old shoes so our
poor trash company came yesterday to
take this dumpster finally but they said
my yard was too muddy and they cannot
risk taking it so it's still sitting
here I don't know why I'm really worried
about cleaning it up it's it's trashed I
mean it's gonna take a long time to get
it fixed
good news whoa it's the grill is working
in the winter it won't work remember we
couldn't get it to work do have that
grill brushes the brushes listen oh snap
how is it everybody the best you've ever
had just do it for just just tell them
for me just say I'm gonna sit back into
I'm gonna sit back and enjoy some
serious steak right now looks so good
Zeus is joining us for dinner potatoes
corn steak I'm giving you some of this
easy yeah we're really living the Ohio
tradition
I don't even know if it is but we're
making it fall asleep hey I'll take your
eyes off of it
hey come on man commissars I'm gonna
make you the dream bowl the dream dog
ball let's start with your typical bowl
of dog food yeah yeah step 2
steak topped all up let's pour it in oh
this you ready are you ready dude
good boy stay I know this terribly
painful stay okay and instantly the kids
bail the parents clean Britain just came
up with a really good idea see if the
kids are down you in here would you guys
be interested in having a bonfire let's
go see if we can start a fire boy is it
all dry I guess some old fireworks we
can burn yeah they don't explode in your
head might be good with that we did it
looks great that's nice little fire it's
at your fire shield yeah disposable
disposable can I burn my hands and throw
fire at you I mean is that rain it just
started raining again we think Zeus what
do you think he knows you like I want to
go in my fire just got nice you know it
just went I've been a full day without a
bonfire you know we just lived that life
today the mud wrestling the food the
bonfire what's next man yeah
kick some boots down knock some
tailgates over there's something so
awesome about making a bonfire and
relaxing and I totally missed it on the
vlog and I'm kicking myself but Kane
just come straight out and went
face-first into this mud right here into
this pit
it was so sad but it was kind of funny
yeah this is how to make a torch
one-on-one but actually try to make a
homemade smoke ball okay all right
okay take a firework and keep firing
although there's a big old hot dog
you're not coming back out did you took
a crazy spill hey where's this other
shoe we only have one shoe on yeah you
lost a shoe out there yeah oh dude
God I wasn't vlogging he just come right
out like that right my father
I felt so bad what you guys doing you
leaving me you want to stay with Owen
what happened
what's the matter I need surgery ah I
love you buddy
look we have fun okay I'll see you
tomorrow morning yep at some point never
better bring him back Owen so Noah left
us he's headed to Owens for the night I
think we're just gonna oh my you want
watch a movie today we're just gonna
enjoy night hanging out on this couch
doing nothing exciting which sounds
doesn't sound that bad after all that we
love you guys Thanks oh I do want to say
something today I got a lot of tweets
you guys saying you're almost at 6
million subscribers on this channel I
just want to go ahead and give you a
thanks now because it's coming quicker
than we ever realized you guys tweet us
and then we're like oh we are it's crazy
so thank you guys so friggin much
there's no way for me to actually thank
you the way I need to thank you it's
just I just want to say it so thanks for
being here thanks for being part of our
family thanks for hanging out today I
hope you enjoyed a little mayhem in the
mud and something different don't forget
how awesome you are you were one of a
kind smile more
you can't pull it out we're gonna add
some dis show hopefully it's not nothing
Wehling says hi grandma he came over
talking to me and then he says he's so
calm about it he says my hands stuck and
I went well hold on don't hold on him
that's one of my greatest fears is
getting stuck in something
