hey guys welcome to the vlog you know
that we have been talking about going
skydiving for quite a while and it is
gonna happen
Momo overheard me and she said Walter
Scott oh yeah I'll try it you really
would yes I am I'm not too old to try
but try your fans they'd love it
oh my god I would everybody would love
it I am totally down for this I am I'll
try
you really will try I will I really will
is there any restrictions how old are
you may 3rd is mom's birthday and that's
why I was like oh my god let's go for
your birthday okay that's 79 I'll be 79
Oh wish you were 80 there'll be the -
yeah with you well 79 that's ready do it
next year no no no that's it
let's celebrate your 80th birthday my 71
on your 70th is your lunch cheese and
crackers my lunch
I thought I upgraded you no no I don't
want to put on too much weight if I'm go
to Sky back oh boy oh boy okay guys
we're just getting the day started just
want to see what Brittany's doing hi big
boy hey buddy oh geez okay well it's not
raining today that's a huge plus maybe
it might I don't know
I need my ID please boss please boss you
still have my from place beside it did
you did you didn't I don't know I need
my ID though you had it when did I have
it when you got me everything is so
interesting isn't it dude I love these
pants those are awesome
ooh
somebody my mother picked me up and it
is so good to see you foot yeah I'm home
for two full days I got to be in LA
tomorrow um so we're hanging out a
little bit she's actually taking me you
guys know I drop my car off last week so
she's taking me to get that thank you no
problem
everybody's helping out on every end of
all parts of our life
we're like chickens with our heads cut
off lately but um everything's good it's
all good no good problems to have yep he
oh here she is not done man I can't
you've had this thing how many days a
week
Oh so had a nail in the tart so what was
making the squeaking noise uh tired me a
little impression who's making his feet
he comes to run flat so it's got a
roaster thought so I know nothing about
cars I swear it was out of here
you'll smoke peppermint patty huh looks
like a ashes you know take it take a cup
you just get do it well I'm definitely
I'm definitely stuck here now somebody
hit a gas line they just closed the
whole road off and I don't know what's
going on we're here with eyewitness Roma
news let's find out what happened today
on 23 sir what happened what happened
does anybody know what happened hit they
hit again that's like who hit a gas line
how do you hit a gas go we're here the
gas line like this yellow day yeah so I
didn't think I'd be spending the day
here at Nissan and I'm guessing whoever
has I'm guessing whoever has my tire is
stuck on one side of this closed-down
road Oh
ha we might as well go get some food
guys everyone is fine somebody bumped
into a gas line apparently
totally random and this never happens to
me have a bloody nose my nose is
bleeding that's so weird
I never have a bloody nose ever in my
life I got my car back guys it feels so
I've never liked the car this much my
life I really haven't I love this car I
don't know if I can let me out though
we're gonna get out
we're get out of here I'm going I'm
going I'm making a run for it it's all
open this whole road to myself nobody's
saying nothing I don't know what
happened man this is crazy this exit
right here right here westerville this
is where my first nice car caught on
fire was a brand new car
Oh common fire right here right there so
scary me and my brother we're just
driving and just like smoke
so spirits murder
let's talk about my outfit - what was I
wearing when was that I can wear hats
and what day was that what was I doing
that hey guys hey boy did you take a
bath you did you know we might get dirty
right last night before we went to bed I
said Kane what if for tomorrow's intro
we just show a beautiful scene in the
backyard and then you come by on the RC
car and he loved the idea the birds will
be chirping and then you'll cking go bot
you won't you ready all right let's do
it what do we need we need the RC truck
okay a good tripod I get a light on how
about a tripod check check it he check
check you get that we'll get some
batteries we just need to build a chair
on top of this thing yeah Lucy yeah oh
wow look look how excited Susan C thinks
every time I get this truck out it's for
him he's always where I'm out with this
thing
get that tripod you want to do it here
in front of the place there you want to
go out to the woods I tell you what
let's just see if it even works in the
grass with you on it slow real slow no
problem gonna hit some dandelions
alright let's set up the tripod let's do
it it's gonna work of course you guys
have already seen this because it's the
intro this video but Kane was so excited
less than I was like just the whole
scenario he was so happy
hey Alex that was really funny on you
again you should do the thumbs up get it
come on Zeus keep up come on slow huh
Zeus is probably eating it he's probably
eating it I landed straight upside down
you got lucky Zeus that's all I got to
say guys I cannot express enough if you
have a dog get an RC car it's the best
exercise this dog requires so much
exercise this is the best thing I ever
got for him
job well done huh look at this
washing the truck and Zeus is all worn
out that's it
German Shepherds have to burn so much
energy every day
Oh Zee crack me up
watch he's so scared he runs away from
it ready oops Ted I'm scared
no I'm not scared I'll see I'm scared
I'm scared
nope I'm scared
I'm gonna get that Chuck I'm gonna get
that Chuck buddies it's my last day home
I gotta go to LA tomorrow my brother and
his kids are here well yeah yeah easy
Zeus your dog have strong voice hey come
on way come on back out back out nope
you got a hangout right here you decided
to get in the mud ah
as always they'll bring some new things
okay we need your guys's opinion we've
already made up our mind but you guys
know that Dale makes all of our smile
more cups he literally makes them
himself
we've been busy you've been we've been
visiting this model factory so these are
brand-new colors that we do not
currently have he brought them over as a
surprise pretty much so what do you guys
think which one should we keep or should
we tell Dale to throw them all on the
shot I can't throw them in the trash
they have extra dumps in space what's
your favorite I like the pink and purple
I agree that pink and purple are winner
winner chicken dinners it looks blue on
camera but these are really purple oh
yeah beautiful oh my another question is
do you like them black
I'm the black I love the black right now
we have like the primary colors and
these are like new alternative
complementary colors I think the pink
and purple are huge hits what's to do
you had a four ain't bad I like old I
really do like home I mean
nananana she's in a store to be higher I
didn't see that
sorry guys warping around a little bit
just visited a little time with my
brother and his kids before I go what
you got what did you find you digging
through boxes but what is it whoa
wow that is beautiful it's like a Hulk
and Iron Man huh though it is who sent
these can you can't just open this crazy
good is there a note or something
would this be it custom controllers UK
moustache thank you guys controllers are
freaking awesome literally so cool ah
how Riggin sweet is that holy cow
it's so cool this is a global one oh you
guys are you guys are unbelievable like
you guys just send us the coolest stuff
oh you like it yeah that's unbelievable
dude it's a million dollar controller do
you have a million dollars in your piggy
bank you do all right well you can pay
me later one dollar five dollars a
million dollars it's all the same to a
four year off up up your little turn
are you there's still room on the side
guys I hate to cut this off a little
short today I'm gonna edit I gotta get
up super the worst flight for me the
worst flight for me is early morning I
have to get up so early did you kick
mommy away on a million dollar
controller inside
oh he's been so sensitive about this
color white was it well I bought it at
the store and it's for outside and
Cain's just like no I don't want it to
be outside it'll get cold I thought you
bought it for me clothes for the outdoor
couch gotcha
so I'm gonna crank this vlog out get it
edited so I get a fresh start tomorrow
we got a leak I gotta leave super early
so it's back off to LA very very quick
trip it's hard in this vlog right now
this pillow fight oh thanks didn't hit
mama we sure love you guys thanks for
hanging out with us today and don't
forget how important you are to so many
people we love you your beautiful smile
more oh she did it watch this watch this
so this is the mystery tonight what are
we doing
