what is up guys it is nasty outside we
just pulled onto the highway and it's
bumper-to-bumper traffic so British
trying to back up all the way up that's
a good idea
yeah except for there's a car coming
just take your time and you take your
time
it is friggin nasty parking do the same
thing you did it you did it anyway guys
I hope you're having an awesome day and
I hope it's beautiful and sunny wherever
you're at you know what just above them
nasty clouds it's beautiful sunshine I
was trying to just get there
our home right now is destroyed I got to
show you what's going on I mean it's
it's not it is next-level destruction at
our house the whole everything's good
yeah big what's it called with the arm
on it
they pulled out the front of our
driveway where the building is today so
they could pour new concrete but they
were just yet
so we're smashing it with the scoop just
crushing it was pretty awesome it's
really yeah thanks for belonging in
Rowland hood
oh we're gonna run in and eat get out of
this rain so here we are breaking every
roll in the book on this hundred day no
junk food I mean I I wasn't gonna make
it you guys you guys knew that but you
guys really that was this a cheat week
who's pretty much the only way to eat
perfectly healthy the way you want to
eat is you can't leave your house you
cannot leave your house you have to
prepare everything you have to spend
hours cooking you have to I mean I can
make million excuses here that's my
problem is spending hours cooking I
don't have hours like sitting kitchen
meal prep that like for example this
drink came with two dummy meters but
it's on the kids menu hmm
so although we're getting a late start
to today's vlog I want to try to film as
much of our day as possible just a real
day what we're actually doing it and not
just the highlights not ten minute
highlight reel an actual dad this is
what we're doing welcome welcome welcome
with the gummy worm
you ready to run let's go the Bahamas
Aruba all the islands are calling my
name
we have had some decent weather I can't
complain too much well looks like we got
a little free time we stuck in traffic
for traffic
looking for my chapstick there's a
format brick it's a million dollar song
right there
god I love Jamie Kennedy anyways yeah
yeah um we are headed out if you guys
know tomorrow is the last day well I
think there'll be little things done but
tomorrow our smile Moore store building
is complete which is on the outside I'm
sure it seemed like that but to us it
was like the longest wait ever is like
waiting for you to have a baby it was
took so long we'll definitely love but
it felt like small more is my baby
so I've technically been waiting for the
birth of much it's actually becoming
more of my baby because I'm working all
day you have been killing it so um with
this new building comes a lot of new
things a lot of new responsibilities we
need new equipment different things
things that we haven't yet done such as
you know little things like social media
for the smile more so we've never done
that we've never right now every social
media you see for the smart store is
fake there's nothing that we control or
run it's all somebody else that we have
to start you know get launched this week
oh yeah so we will of course when we do
that we'll be just featuring you guys
people that we're the merchants people
that it all be it up you guys yeah it'll
be it'll it'll just be fun stuff
nothing serious it'll just be fun stuff
what do you think about all these girls
my age that work at the store
we're still in our basement so they're
always like coming through the house
going to the bathroom making food like
honestly Incubus I feel like Hugh Hefner
brand that's a good brand right I don't
know I'm not the computer whiz but it's
cool it's all touchscreen huh what do
you mean you'll know what it is once
again a million options look at this you
know what look at this screen it's huge
don't even need it just makes you on it
watch it
are you watching the snow brain that's
no surprise to me
Kaine there's not a lot of dads have
done that in the whole world if you need
if any yeah photo regular look at this
thing it's my outer space
Wally one regular in one photo jungle
cat the great jungle cat
guys or any of you that are wanting to
start a business or you already have a
business do not be afraid to spend your
money on your business make your money
make you money don't be afraid of its
tax write-offs its business expense you
need to spend your money to make money
that is the rule of thumb spend it to
make it don't be afraid it is a little
intimidating when you're starting
businesses and you have to buy all this
crap but remember that crap is gonna
make you more money King
we're just my little baby and now look
you're a full-size booger that's
freaking it we're moving I'm done I've
had it
our back seats full so we got Kane
joining us Bam Bam Bam you try yeah we
uh we got a shift yeah wait oh there it
is her here it's all way back there got
it you're gonna be my co-pilot thanks
copilot on this mission you're gonna
pass all the controls and explosion
button now your camera camera still on
we keep the camera on the whole time I
said I said we were gonna do a raw vlog
so maybe we just forty an hour-long
drive just sit here is hot you think you
think you could entertain for an hour
straight no all right guys we're gonna
go um save see in a second
did it really so we just got home
Britney gets out of the car and bang
well if you put it in a case iPod
thinking it was my phone just shattered
into a thousand little cracks that's bad
huh I stole my case that's true I don't
know if I ever told you guys there all
right he's got stolen out of our rental
huh are you sure we didn't do anything
special for somebody today you guys ever
noticed like when you do something
really nice or go out of your way for
somebody something bad usually happens
to you it's like resistance I swear
that's true it happens to me all the
time ever seen a laser pointer yeah
Gitta juice yeah he's like prancing okay
so a couple days ago at the store and
I've seen they sell these well I'm just
gonna show you something I used to do in
a kid is something for sale that
reminded me of this that was really
confusing do not try this out let me
just warn you now pretty sure everything
I do in these vlogs is like the time
when we were kids we used to disassemble
lighters now I don't know if the
lighters have changed since I was young
but we're gonna rip this open and see
first thing we do is pop that off pop
the child's safety off see when we were
kids there was no child safety on the
lighter really yeah I mean I don't
remember it is that's a big one oh my
gosh okay
so underneath the little flick thing is
Flint
that's Flint underneath the Flint is a
little spring now you want to pull this
spring all the way out like that so you
have a handle and you want to wrap the
Flint inside of the spring so once
you've wrapped the Flint around the
spring why am I doing this like an
instructional video I'm not supposed to
be showing you how to do this okay I'm
thinking how I show you this because
it's
very dangerous it's not dangerous okay
follow me
okay so this is the tricky part you want
should we stand back
no you're fine let's see if I can get
this toward this is a big piece of Flint
and it's moving okay
so it'll start glowing red-hot Mizzou's
this one time come here you see it's
glowing red yeah okay watch come behind
me put it on the grill already watch
watch watch watch
oh wow this is what would you do what
happened boss oh it hit my sock good a
piece of something was it cool yeah
that's homemade sparkler bomb oh it's so
cold
yeah have you ever seen anything like
that no this is like freaking out
it's all right buddy commissars okay I
never ever had a name for those but I'm
not the only one that's ever done that
but a lot me and Dale used to rip paxil
lighters apart knew that your parents
loved you I appreciate a never-nude
that's all right yeah
watch this this you know what I seen no
joke so they make um it's like a mount
for the top of your camera that holds
the tennis ball so you can just help
ease with your top yeah look at the
camera
I think it's genius so by the way
everyone that came in the house today
was very impressed with the curtain
that's right they were very nice I mean
you know a real professional came in put
those
oh I think your kitchen needs repainted
though it's so bad it looks great from
back here yeah he's real quick gonna
throw my guys over Harry some love they
have uploaded a new video to their
YouTube channel and they're always
hooking us up they're always hooking you
guys up with their deals go check it out
if you have one minute tell them who
sent you I know your guys is power so I
know they are gonna be surprised so
basically if you have a couple minutes
I'll put it in the scripture you watch
after this video it's just it's just
more entertainment for you
if you don't blow jobs why looks like
you're gonna do a regular oh your doctor
yeah oh you got it yep oh yeah mommy's
got the moves guys that's really gonna
do it for us tonight thank you so much
for joining us today me and my little
family here we love you so much don't
forget how important you are I say this
almost at the end of every vlog because
you don't listen to me you're still not
getting it you're still not saying I am
important I am one-of-a-kind and until
you really grasp that I'm not gonna stop
saying it so I need you to listen to me
you are one-of-a-kind you're beautiful
people want to be you I love you guys I
will see you tomorrow
smile more you're beautiful oh my god oh
baby you know what I think that's gonna
buff out real nice we've had our seat
crashes there's so much damage to these
walls I think
