what's up guys welcome to the vlog
Channel I hope you're not running over
anybody that's not what I was gonna say
I was sa hope you guys are having an
awesome day
hope you're feeling good we if you've
been with this channel for a while then
you know I've been duct taping our
curtains for a long time all their felon
they fall end up felon for about the
sixth time they felon down six times now
so it's time there's so many police from
pregnant and smoking anyways the
curtains have fallen like six times
today so it's time I'm not going home
that's not what we came out by the way
not going home without curtains and a
friggin curtain rod another gorgeous
beautiful shot of Britney another
gorgeous beautiful day in Ohio man we
have been blessed with this weather what
what my pants I'm carrying came the
fallen I have to think that having cane
is not much different than owning a
small monkey like I'm pretty sure it's
almost the same
what I'm gonna have to have a Big Shot
Berman honey look they have your little
witch broom you can fly away you can fly
and get lunch you guys want anything I'm
ready
20 points for Gryffindor all right
little lady which one so many options oh
look at this guy you guys want to know
exactly why there's no paintings on our
wall and there's no curtains on our
windows and we barely have blinds
covering it's because there's too many
options how do you pick I'm not an
interior decorator I have no idea how to
do this stuff I get it it's great to
have the choices but also makes it
difficult when you don't know what
you're doing you like that one it's
called camel can't you like the camel
that's this one you think I look right
half our viewers right now we're going
it's awful don't do it the other half of
like yeah get it and the other half are
like hair there's only two halves uh-huh
a cleaner guy you want to see him there
he goes
Kayne loves that guy there are so many
fans in the store everywhere look at all
how many times how many might know the
last like he's done how many times can I
get away with that terrible joke
you know what Kane shoulda came with a
roller caution tape like when he was
born the doctors should have handed us a
roll of this see all right we got a
bunch of light bulbs and you got it yeah
sure yeah uh we're gonna need a handyman
or something did you you know I was just
thinking the problem with our art where
it is is the drywall I hope it came with
the right screws I hope you had the
right exactly I have the right tools you
know what if it doesn't work we can
always just uh get the new know these
guys working on the building I'm sure
they could handle putting it work
brother I can't handle it I can handle
it whoa what up bro
what up what's up off man sup guitar
Balloon Boy chair ow
so before I can go do some pro install
man I need to take some tips while I'm
here man picked up my very own curtain
rod today okay now I didn't come here to
ask you for help the keys you don't want
to put them in studs they'll tell you
you want to put them in see it yeah
that's my problem I go in the drywall
and they just keep falling out I think
you need duct tape is so well a new chin
ups off of it the chip duct-tape chin up
bar do it that's you we could do that
tonight how many rolls of duct tape
would it take to make a pull up bar
somebody's gonna try one roll that's the
challenge easily one roll did you do it
yeah I know how to I know you did a fold
it over flat and make up a rope out of
it and use the strength literally and
then you get it you strap it up here and
you literally tie it now you have it
folks
that's my just saying if you're trying
to cut costs and work out boom aah duct
tape and a copper pipe Hey welcome
welcome what is that eight double the
eggs I got your mom come through come
through I got you aah Kyle okay
neener kylo Ren hey your cane lo Ren
this is a rail out with dinner guys
steak mac and cheese tater tots hey
Conrad 30 on that plate Jane I really
need to come in this kitchen I rip y'all
but you still do not hate this place
yeah we moving up over Dale's house look
Oh
how's that what is that I've had it
rolled cabbage mushrooms sliders
something all right we're warping back
home check out how dirty this door is
from them working today here go right
it's my morning I'll film you know
you're just gonna honk you just got a
honk the horn I know you not falling for
that
Doris man we're in it so somehow this is
solid dirt leave this oh my gosh so this
is all gonna be new concrete Friday
how's it feel ah my little baby wouldn't
do that oh you want to play that way
almost done guys two more days
two more days until it's done this will
all be concrete aah hey I think we
should have a moving sale
don't don't places do that like a moving
sale even though we're moving like a
hundred feet total
everything all right guys we are back
home now anybody can install new
curtains right not necessarily true this
is my last insulation job and these
things keep falling you know the last
thing I want is these curtains to fall
on Zeus why is food I got your boy I got
you so without further ado we're gonna
install some curtains hopefully
like I was peeking behind you mind so I
just some really bad news really bad
news when I peel this tape off the paint
comes off oh I'm really bad look okay so
here's the original holes here's where I
tried to fix it and this is from the
last face
I'm just destroying the house mm-hmm oh
my god oh baby you know what I think
that's gonna buff out real nice
we've had our seat crashes there's so
much damage to these walls I think it's
gonna be right on the wine board yeah
hardware and closed that looks promising
looks pretty basic here now I can see
they sent drywall this is what I was
lacking that's really well this is what
I was lacking before these little dry
wall studs that you pre put in all right
guys she's all up I just worked right
past the pain I know it looks pretty
decent just don't look too close it's
destroyed we definitely have to have
someone come fix all this stuff look at
this the weld on the mount broke while I
was trying to do it
this screw got stuck couldn't get it out
it's a disaster I was gonna fill while
he did it but he was being a little too
negative oh my gosh I was so cranky
that's the old one look how much of a
difference yeah it was good it looks
really good good job I feel like if each
year that was my album and each blog was
my song today's would be like the
curtain rod or curtains or that's so
dumb to be perfectly honest with you
guys and this is something I'm saying I
wouldn't normally ever put something
like this in a vlog but to be honest
with you guys I've been so stuck
mentally in this like I'm gonna be
honest with you I think a lot that I
have to entertain you guys and I have to
you know I have to do something exciting
for you guys but like this
rhod thing this is like real that's real
like I was going to do that on camera
or off camera like that stuff is real
but mentally like the more I keep
telling Brett like oh I'm going to try
to film a lot more today make the blogs
longer it actually is making the vlog
shorter because my whole mindset is like
trying to do something for you guys
instead of just filming my day so I need
to ask for a little forgiveness on the
short vlogs I'm not even happy with the
length of my last couple blogs and this
washer I think it all comes from the
fast pace like being on the tour and
with the movie come out and it's like
mentally it's put me in this like I got
to entertain I get entertained instead
of just showing you guys my life and
what it's really like here at the house
in the store and and I got to get back
into that so forgive me a little bit I
really want to get back to that I don't
even really want to put that in the vlog
but I'm telling you exactly how I'm
feeling like I am trying too hard to be
creative instead of just showing you
guys my day so I'll get back into it I
will I will I just yeah I got a really
selling there's no time to settle in
like I'm only here for another week I
love you thank you guys for everything
thanks for all the support through I
always say this through the slow blogs
through the fun blogs the exciting vlogs
thank you for being through all of it I
think that's kind of what makes it cool
soos is done soos you're tired you ready
to go to bed thanks again guys I love
you we will see you tomorrow
smile more beautiful Todd's gonna kill
us cuz he has our tickets game started
eight minutes ago and he is a hockey
fanatic hockey Todd that's what we call
so we parked at the wrong entrance we
thought it was back there but apparently
it's up here no biggie
