hey guys welcome to our house we've got
quite the exciting crowd here today and
our last four vlogs we have had snow we
have had rain and now we have beautiful
t-shirt shorts sunshine literally warm
out to those weathers got me all antsy
man it's got me all antsy in LA
what's ANSI mean I don't know like ready
to jump off something or blow something
up or tickle somebody a lot of years
probably watches blogs me like you know
I want a German Shepherd because the
average have a German Shepherd let me
tell you what it's like I have a German
Shepherd it's a lot of these because
they shed so much and when we sweep this
floor I'm not kidding you I swept it for
about 40 minutes with two days ago I had
to empty out the sweeper four times just
on this carpet and there's still tons
forever for life
there will be dog hair in this house
forever and it doesn't matter if we take
him to get groomed or not they just shed
so much they lose their coach winter
coats fur coats summer coats cases with
his fur and it still looks like it's
full yeah he knows I'm talking about him
everybody it's alright it's okay hey all
bashful before we go a real quick
example I'm gonna take this run it down
my shirt one time ready up look at this
look that's just one one one sweet
damage what's up right right anyone so
no some beat it yeah you're hungry I'm
antsy hope you guys are having a
fantastic day the Sun has got me ready
to go what about you like we can count
we can count on one hit like a picnic
you wanna have a picnic as soon as we
can card flipping count on one or two
hands how many days like this we have a
year in Ohio like it's perfect nah not
cold it's just so comfortable anyways we
are headed to pinball table fish tank
Tod today's fish tank Todd it's not an
artist he forgot a heater for the
downstairs water so I feel like if the
pinball machine wasn't around he would
get worked on but he used to now we have
to drive to his place to get his work
done
somebody sleepy Kane okay look at this
look at this little fish tank that's
called a nano tank they're actually the
smaller the tank in salt water the
harder to keep that's true
where's their stripes
Magic Eraser I know
I can't get enough in the way they're
breeding these clownfish now they they
mix them all up and now you get all
these crazy looking clownfish I think
they're beautiful look at that out here
I know I showed you guys this before but
out here this is when you grows all the
corals look there's a little baby corals
and as they get bigger they go in our
fish tank and other people's fish tanks
so cool go these snails they're climbing
out of the water dude grab one and throw
it in the water
okay honey
watch see closed
I will put him back years years years
ago I used to come here in hustle talk
for like $10 girls I would come here
with my last dollars and I bet yo well
you got like 10 bucks and he would like
help me all that he could call is
expensive you know wait wait wait wait
so I just came up pretty heaters now
you're saying we got a hockey game we
got a hockey here you got tickets that's
right it's a good game so yeah game but
you got a lead and you get take that and
they pay me later he's like we have to
leave right now for long as half right
now right now I got a prick take this
off you gotta drive forever
I know okay it's like this is mommy and
Kane trying to make arrangements
Kame looks bigger than you
did you just make a deal are we going to
a hockey game yeah Todd just hit us with
tickets to a hockey game last time we
went we loved it so we go check it out
hey you on like you're on here we go
yeah hey mama hey thanks for meeting us
beep-beep-beep
we got a heavy load deep it it's all
fixed
nice so where's my car
whoo Mama's going club and I love you
guys no last week she hit another car
and broke her mirror Ohio what are you
doing right now crazy thing is we've
been trying to have a little date time
since I got back from tour since we got
back from tour we're gonna go on holiday
every time it fell through smile or
store got busy blah blah blah so today
it's like a surprise can't just whip oh
ma and we're jumping into it that'd be
fun say it tell them it's gonna be fun
I'm gonna hit the roof are we gonna fit
you guys just keep going huh
we good yeah he has something I heard
something every every time we drive the
biggest vehicle and to town the only
place to park a truck at the top so here
we go our official second hockey game
ever we had a blast the first time I
came it was really fun and we're not
sport goers so Todd's gonna kill us cuz
he has our tickets game started eight
minutes ago and he is a hockey fanatic
Paquita that's what we got so he parked
at the wrong entrance we thought it was
back here but apparently it's up here oh
no biggie no biggie that's what he gets
for forgetting heaters for our fish tank
it's only fair dude it's about time did
you that's like three seconds ago man do
the game
gravity for the word Negro
to see over the steering wheel somebody
flies that thing around and in trucks
trucks gift
Jamin black bitch
whoa you're official nice okay I'm gonna
go $60 right
are we up high sorry okay if you've
never been to a hockey game I highly
advise you to wear something warm it's
cold
we missed it
oh my gosh I don't even know what to say
right now
the last three games Brittany and I
offenses sports-wise two Lakers one
hockey game they've all won with a good
luck charm maybe
finally got a fight you get a win one go
get it Todd go get it
oh it's close
doing it canes and cotton candy no
that's just like sugar let the flooding
begin COO okay so out of four pro sports
teams up out of the truck that we've
been to they've all won I got a four
yeah to Lakers games to hockey games all
of which were supposedly going to lose
they all want so we're the good luck
charm
that's cementum on Lakers game but okay
bye wait so I am yeah so we had a good
time it was a lot of fun Todd almost got
in a fight with a guy that was sitting
right in front of us because his
daughter went sit down she was standing
the whole time I don't think it was his
daughter
well granddaughter ya know
anyways it was hilarious but it's so
loud in there cut film modules just like
all music and copyright issues and the
roof of our truck look you're going fast
and you hit a bump you would hit it oh
if I hit a ramp I would hit it yet like
if I was gone and hit around yeah
totally okay so right now we look like
massive blue jacket fans yeah had to run
in the store real quick get a couple
things one is an electric shaver
is it really bad that I'm looking for
our nose trimmer for you oh this one has
it all maybe not so ever since the tour
I lost my electric razor I have infinite
of the Harry's razor blades but to
actually shave aside I'll shave this
down to the skin I leave just a little
bit so I look like a real man maybe you
should start shaving it down
I will but then I break out even more
like all this would be way worse
something that takes a battery if it
doesn't take a battery I don't want it
because I've never charged it and then
it just dies it gets lost silverstein
Brittany's favorite band when we met
actually this was her first I took her
to her first concert ever it was this
man it was awesome that I think that so
ceiling was like leaking on us no
where's that second hand that was that
good hand I got him all mixed up
silverstein we were like I crowd-surfed
and oh yeah you did your first car gee
that was a fun night
come here hi you miss me mama we got you
something yeah they get three goals okay
so if the Blue Jackets gets three goals
you can take your tickets to Wendy's get
free chili so we got you free chili you
got for free Chili's Oh where's your
chili is your ticket I don't know oh
here oh yeah when I hear that's a lot of
chili you're gonna be a rootin tootin
cowboy you saved this homemade smoothies
tonight with some homemade popsicles so
the best thank you what'd you do did you
poison it what's wrong with mommy this
is a strong union I bet if you stand
there you oh my gosh you feel it yeah
I'm just worried about your fingers you
like throwing right in there in space
yes
I burn so bad
mommy's getting tears in our onions I
should throw away mm-hmm oh it's so
strong
that's what I get for cooking for my
family so what are we gonna eat just
onion stew
yeah I mean real what is this it's a mud
swamp mom but yeah that is so toxic what
is that
or what am i smelling it's a lot apple
cider vinegar and cayenne pepper is
that's why what I'm still the main
ingredients yeah for it no all over this
whole pork shoulder mmm meat pork
shoulder with a bone in and then let it
sit for eight hours
so by morning all right guys completely
forgot in the blog last night it's
actually current day and I don't know
what happened I would everything was
going good and next thing I know I woke
up this one look you guys so much thanks
for hanging out with us I had a great
time with Britt Todd his wife and I
don't know just get out do stuff it's
great it's always a good time
do nothing get nothing remember that I
love you guys thanks for the support on
everything smile more you're beautiful
what the heck are you doing what are you
doing can we just say I'm hashtag
short-girl problem you're cutting your
pants or are they are they meant to do
that
