No
what's up guys welcome to the vlog I am
still asleep it is off again to the
airport I gotta be honest with you man I
did not want to leave my kids today it
was so tough Noah he's a champ he's like
high five go do what you got to do Cain
got even blah he was just crying and it
was tough it's a tough morning so here
we go off to Orlando Florida for
playlist live and the lineup this week
is insane
I never seen I don't think I've ever
seen this many youtubers in one spot
it's incredible
hi guys welcome to Orlando Florida we
brought some friends hey Tam Carl's
coming
what up Carl huh how was your guys's
flight yeah this is some Austin power
stuff man we are in Orlando Florida we
need an air horn oh wow
all for the golfers I love this stupid
idea it's so dumb I love it so here we
are we have made it safely Carl and Tim
are staying in the room beside us and
we're just gonna hang out we don't
anything to do today it's Friday
playlists kind of starts tomorrow and
Sunday so we're we're here we're just
hanging out this is is this what is that
Disney member from over there we had
fire why should i / / - oh yeah but
they'll do it again well they didn't go
cheap on the hotel room this is really
really nice it's got like multiple rooms
super nice Wow
so I think the goal for the next couple
days should be you guys comment who you
want in the vlogs and I will try to get
them in the vlogs I think that would be
fun to just this is like the most
influencers I've ever seen in one spot
so it'd be fun to get as many as
possible in the vlogs for you guys maybe
your favorite youtuber or Viner or
snapchat there's so many new ones now
uten you an hour yeah you now there's
there's you now errs on a live stream
stuff there's there's other ones too
instead of you is that a peace theme
what's up my man dan you look sharp
alright we're trying a little place
called Johnny's hideaway one day mark my
words I will live where I can own a tree
like this Ohio just won't allow it
and I want trees like this in my house
lots of options here tonight here we're
gonna try the ease Brit come on
that's 11 right there you always said
you want these I don't get I tried that
gift like slurp it if I got it's like
drinking schnapps like eating a Hocker
yep exactly we got some friends joining
us
Charlie up guys welcome to Florida we
skin these Gators for you guys this is
really nice for you to sit on them fart
on we go we caught the fish what is that
good
that's yours s grouper is that group or
a hostage that's a not not a grouper I
can be very sir excuse me I will find
out with excuse me sir I'm sir what kind
of fish is that fish right
it's a hog fish just you need that's big
guys go we will never know you guys will
be able to tell us I feel like it's one
of those like made up rhymes like when
you see a rabbit in there yeah yeah yeah
yeah now that's a real fair everyone man
is just like saying you use it so is
open shop in case you don't know Charles
hold still
the Guinness world record for the most
consecutive vlogs ever and the most
vlogs ever uploaded
yes we're coming on how many did I'm
gonna guess $1 we're gonna press it
right uh twelve okay so you're coming up
on eight years yeah May first will be
eight years without missing a day now
like that puts me to shame yeah yeah I
did like I did like 500 days in a row
yeah buddy got long if anyone could do a
week without mascara blows my mind
because it's it's crazy trying to make
it junior that guy's a weak fuzzy guys
hug fish is now happier still all right
I think you could carry all of us out
we're so there's so much food like
overwhelming amount of food put it away
put it away Charles that's what he makes
them I've never seen it yellow parking
cone made out of hard plastic no those
brake if you hit them
okay what's what's the 0-60 on this
beast let's find out it's a door dude
I'm telling it's a daughter oranges I
got a great finance rate this is too I
said this is twin-turbo though yeah
other twin tails launches beasts right
now go into the back go right now go do
it putting under let me get my seatbelt
on my viewers are gonna kill me okay go
go go go seat belt in so somehow we
always end up back stage in these things
is basically all the youtubers and
influencers have backstage access to the
whole place so you don't have that loss
of it is look at this yeah it's amazing
lots of nice people hello guys how are
you we are so while it's like scooby-doo
man I have no idea why they make these
places so big what's up guys what's up
I was a good kid no no no pictures right
you inspire me to do what what do you
want to know what if I inspired mind or
did you want more you hang bro I got
banned from Disney because of the time
because I'm a bro look yeah okay what I
owe you guys are awesome you know she
sold her than she she sold it I know I
know that look
hi we're officially we are officially
lost hi sweetie
Oh we're in the towel Department now
where are we add more super loss we're
trying to find the elevators that was
Britt she took the right turn here we
are coward you want a good number two
yeah thank you thank you thank you very
much she just walked a half mile for
that that's so that he can go out of the
way
hey guys kind of a crazy story for you
so last night after that last clip I
began getting the worst headache of my
life a living nightmare is like equal to
the stomach problem I had earlier this
week but in my head I actually went
facedown on the bed at 8:30 p.m.
good night so we're we're not allowed to
go into the hotel because that's where
all the fans of everybody are so we're
not allowed to go in and then they would
bring it to us so Britney it is a long
story but basically there was no ending
to yesterday's vlog and I actually said
we're not uploading a vlog but I started
kicking myself and I woke up feeling
good this morning and no I did not party
there was zero partying there will be no
pictures or videos of me at any party
last night from any social and hey it's
I so here I am instead of not uploading
I actually shot I could show you this I
could actually show you this this is
going to be really confusing so I told
Britt we weren't uploading this and
we're going to put it in tomorrow's vlog
but I did decide to upload this this is
the intro for tomorrow hey guys hey guys
hey guys welcome to the vlog I hope
you're having an awesome day we missed
yesterday but we did vlog the entire day
I want to start with that it's gonna be
an extra long vlog today because you're
gonna have yesterday's and today's so
halfway through today I decided that
let's upload this vlog let's get it up
let's not skip a day even if it's a
little shorter and not as exciting and
not as fun let's get something up so
here we are I am feeling a lot better I
went down like is like a night it's like
like I was I was having a nightmare it
was so bad so this is kind of funny the
way I shot today's intro so that it
would work that way it's so confusing
because you haven't seen tomorrow's vlog
yet it's so weird anyway thank you guys
for all the love and support thanks for
coming to playlist it's absolutely
beautiful here like the best the best
so that really is it we will see you
tomorrow I was hoping for a super long
Sunday vlog for you but I'm still gonna
aim for that so here we go
see you tomorrow beautiful you're one of
a kind
don't forget smile
you
