can are you comfy hey guys welcome to
our house welcome to the vlogs before we
get started today
Oh before we get started today we want
to do something a little interesting and
I want you guys to do it with us every
day write down three things you are
grateful for
boom boom for three weeks three weeks so
right now either privately or in the
comments section list three things that
you are grateful for I think this is a
good exercise we should always remind
ourselves of what we're grateful for
yeah you know it was a tough fight
that's yours those are really your three
things yeah I guess you're being very
vague okay Brittany puts smile your
you're grateful for smiles ability to
love and good hair days all right
see that that's good man see that's
probably I would put it like something
like that life family and food that's
definitely good things to be grateful
for how about you Kane you insta writer
oh that Marcus broke mine is obviously
my family good health in my viewers
which are you guys cuz you've changed
all of our entire lives YouTube in
general just all of that so tell me what
are three things that you're grateful
for I know this seems silly but after a
while it would open your mind up to
think about how grateful you actually
offer so many things today it's easy
because there's so many things but after
a couple weeks of doing this you'd be
like really thinking hard all right
we're gonna leave it at that let's move
you ready you ready two hours
fight me first person fight will be back
boy all right we're on the move
let's go I just started try again oh
you're making me sick I don't drive guys
Wow Brittany gets carsick and I also
don't care to drive all the time so this
is why she's always driving you know
what I like most of all not driving
gonna pick on you guys yeah you know
actually I need you to write my grocery
list oh my god what am I your personal
assistant I hope you guys are having
such a good day who else notice the
silly string still on the back with the
Brittany woke up today with this crazy I
mean crazy idea you want to tell them
100-day Chad's a challenge of a hundred
days of what real good by eating real
food what does that mean no process
has to be real you have to make
something real food for honored days I
need to like one day like one day I can
do that I'm a positive person but 100
days anything is pretty tough like
that's tough it'd be hard to eat bad
Bronto days straight I'm gonna go clean
out all the cabinets
ah lost like we're gonna start a death
Bella our household is doing a hundred
day she's lost it
she's lost it so we have to sneak some
stuff for you because if you have it in
the house you're gonna hear this you're
you're bad food dog so I guess what I'm
saying is we're headed out right now
first of all we had to get some
groceries anyway family stuff we got to
do it but Brittany woke up with this
idea and completely rocked our world
pretty sure you sink my ship with this
I will say this weeks before I started
filming my movie I went no no sugar no
added sugars for two weeks it was the
best I've ever felt in my life I felt so
good but I still choose to feel like
crap and eat the crap like it's so good
I rather feel like crap and feel good
just by choosing what is I hate how
powerful it is
cravings but after you cut it out for a
long time you don't crave it like you in
the beginning you ready little hooligan
no I know I have it everyone got sleepy
all right so the first thing we got to
do is eat before you grocery shop
otherwise you'll buy ten times more than
you actually need so we got this little
which is weird because we got the food
and then they have a microwave and we're
actually cooking our own food
twenty-eight years back up is it good
help me to put it back in
okay so when you say real food this
would be like real food like something
grew on a garden or something that came
out of a chicken's butt and this would
be considered no oh boy we have to have
a long talk then we would pick our own
pizza as long as we make it
and chicken chickens good chugga chugga
choo choo ready
the Keynesian pineapples started singing
spongebob how long does it take the girl
pineapple to use that's right you guys
know what we're having for dinner
cane fresh fish he's that he's never
seen that in his life there's no way
like I said not yeah when we travel oh
look at this flounder
I just take that up okay it's frozen at
web time all right
skipping past that boring shopping stuff
we're headed to one more store
everyone's pooped out no all right guys
we're kind of warping back home we're a
real-life Star Wars action going on here
shake your head if anybody wants to know
what it's like to run your own business
I'm gonna show you today a little bit
what it's like I don't know how
interesting this will be for some of you
but our small more store has taken over
our entire basement as you guys know our
new buildings almost done we're going to
move out next week I got to do some
photos that's right if you ever go to
the website you see all these photos oh
yeah how's that done well we do it
everything so here's what I'm putting on
there photo area has been completely
taken over so that's one upstairs with
me right now
okay sounds good let's go all right
grateful board you got to move I'm
grateful for the grateful board a lot of
you guys may think when you go to the
website you're like man they must have a
studio and it's so professional I know
this is how we do it right here in our
living room baby now normally it is in
the basement but basement is gone
consider it gone so we're gonna do it
right here in the living room the
cheapest light kit that I could find
online the cheapest stand in a roll of
white paper not kidding this is just
paper boom you see you can always wait
around have the right things or the best
lights and the best of everything or you
can use what you have and make it work
that is a real trick in life because a
lot of people are like well I would edit
but I don't have the best computer you
can buy you can edit on an iPhone
nowadays like you don't need the best of
everything anymore it's toward me didn't
mean what I said
ah you see I would play the drums but
I'll have the best drum set in the world
you don't need a good drummer can play
on in it you don't need a good drum set
to play drums right you could play it to
me I'll tell you what man a good guitar
player can take the cheapest guitar make
it sound good it's not about what you
have what you do with Agostino strings I
mean let's face it
cane could ride a horse but he has a dog
without further ado and inspired by you
guys so many of you guys have cakes to
say happy birthday with smile more logos
we thought we should come out with our
own party supplies this is the first and
one of my new favorite products in the
entire store focus baby smile more
balloon baby crazy when you blow these
up the logo is like big haha yeah okay
that is awesome
Jane I will let it go in a minute I love
you buddy
my best friend sleep good tonight
alright so I think the trickiest parts
gonna be able to get the logos to face
the camera because no matter what
they're swaying and turning it's almost
have to stick them together alright this
is incredibly difficult I've used little
stickers from my windscreens to hold the
balloons together and these are kind of
free-floating
and I've just got a hook to handle
things but they are facing me almost
perfect what is your dream car a
mercedes-benz g-wagen oh my gosh what
did you favor
color color yeah I like black Black's
not a color so like the color orange boy
I feel light-headed careful I like
purple tunic purples awesome ha ha
that doesn't make you lightheaded okay
ask me a question hang on hello if you
like that stop dead serious true story
my brother when we were kids we had a
big weather balloon for one of my
parents flea markets and we brought it
down and I guess apparently Dale inhale
the helium and just past that oh sorry
bro if you can live anywhere in the
world where would you live tropical
islands somewhere tropical is my dream
oh my god I just wanna fill on a dream
island
that's not Pacific Pacific and this
should be called adult pass-out
challenge
oh my yeah whoa I'm borderline alright
this isn't healthy I don't think we
should do this never I mean yeah Wow
oh I hope I got the photos I needed cane
just came and destroyed my my work and I
doesn't seem like it but I spent a lot
of time on that play these two little
gamers super duper personally excited
tomorrow the pinball machine gets fixed
I have really truly missed this thing I
love some of the comics did you see it
like that's why you're back vlogging cuz
you're pinball machine I love you guys
what would happen if I put a camera in
the microwave like we wanted to record
in the microwave it's impossible
I don't question ro and don't ever ask
that again steak steak right and chicken
rock so this is what you guys are doing
today up here yeah but it fell I'm
sleeping bag
Oh fan right there watching my show
I think Zeus is trying to get up he
wants to like anything Zeus he's on top
of cookie out here Oh Suze illa
unfortunately time has flown tonight it
is already that time are you sleeping
with your you think that's gonna protect
you from the space aliens oh yeah no
real harm are you scared of you're gonna
see come up off of us all just hug well
then tickle my problems at all we did
the thing we like yeah but I can't no I
don't won't touch you you will I promise
you guys ever play this game you cannot
touch home you got really good at it
wait art it's the word dirty it's a real
trust game chess game cuz I want you so
bad I love you hmm sleep super duper
okay party pooper yeah
I love you oh you gotta turn your fan on
did you party party party party good
night love you so much see you mom I'm
so freakin bummed out right now look at
this this is my screen Oh frigging works
though with my screens all jacked
absolutely no idea how that happened
100% just open it in its crack I don't
know what to do so this is my original
laptop this is the one that edited every
single prank I ever made every when I
started vlogging this was my computer
now it does all the smile more store
stuff so everything photos things like
that this is my new current computer
which I got probably I don't know year
ago I've been using it so I'm so bummed
my original laptop is crap because I do
all my work on this still so dang
anyways at night late at night I moved
my kitchen Tate look I moved my kitchen
table all the way over so I can work
well you tired too boy ah I thought you
slept the whole time we were gone we are
working into the night guys I don't know
what to say or do I got a lot to do
tonight it's kind of personal stuff
getting the website updated hopefully
that it's done by the time you're even
watching this and get the blog edited
and get some sleep so fresh with my boys
tomorrow and it's really all I got I
know today was strange but you know
that's that's vlogging sometimes just
real real days we love you guys thanks
for all the support all the oh my gosh
this channel it's been really nuts
because of you guys thanks for all the
shares for sharing your vlogs sharing
the favorite vlogs that we make it's
insane what you guys do um thanks for
everything guys we really love you here
we will see you tomorrow don't forget
how important you are
don't forget how awesome you are you're
one of a kind your beautiful smile
you're like
I'm chasing them
Oh
