who's next
ding-ding-ding-ding ding-ding-ding-ding
pending queue stretching oh you were
just relaxing
you were just relaxed if you're bored
you're boring yeah what's up guys
welcome to the vlog channel we are doing
something today actually before we do
that I want to take you on a little
adventure what are we doing did you
really just ask me them oh yes it was
all nice and snow today is rain welcome
to Ohio so as most of you guys know we
have been working on this new building
just for the smile more stuff and it's
really coming along it's almost complete
everything looks great like it's
fantastic but I want to show you the
aftermath of what this building has
caused are you ready for this
first of all our brand new driveway has
been destroyed they actually have to
pull all of this out they're going to
cut it all back and then pour concrete
up to these doors the side yard is
insane look at this this is the side
yard this crap is so deep
literally total destruction just like
they had a they just had fun doing it
this is our brand-new concrete driveway
we had done like a year ago this is my
front yard and it's everywhere
so from all the big trucks coming in to
build the new building we have cracked
our brand-new driveway all the way up I
mean all the way up look at this look at
my look at my sidewalk we just had done
this was just done they had to pull it
all out and run water lines straight
through all right so that's that and I
tell you putting in that building has
been pretty destructive I wish I was a
part of it but is it what you guys
working on me what is it what do you
doing oh Face Swap adavi will it work
with my cameras in here I'll sit here on
my chin what is happening oh there we go
hey no man hi oh you're scary I don't
get it so I just invited my brother Dale
overcharges and batteries get some RC
cars gas and balloons these are going to
be perfect we have these snowball
balloons no aah oh my god hey hey hey oh
you brought the big dogs I didn't know
what you wanted them on today sheesh
she's been cooped up a little bit too
long it's nice outside let's take a walk
okay so here's the idea some of you guys
we didn't come up with this idea last
week or the week before a couple you
guys sent me this picture of this RC car
with balloons on it a big knife on the
front so today Dale and I are going to
attempt to do just that of a battle like
you'll mariokart
so what knifes are we gonna do I D is
that we put a knife on the front and
then we you know you have three chances
I don't worry about it I brought the
knives these are official regulation
knives
all right here's your's so this will
just go right on the hood just like that
that yeah we perfect that looks awesome
yeah all right and then I brought my own
many customs reason I'm just gonna bring
mine up what yeah that's fair that's not
a knife you ever see this one this one's
serrated on this end and it's got this
CC you can cut from both sides this only
can't cut anything yeah cut my
fingernails with this and we're great
look nothing we go regulation-size right
here I already tonight I already got him
out all right what do you think holy
thing is that the greatest thing you've
ever seen better be careful what do you
mean be careful on the couch what no
we're not gonna do it right there all
right guess before any great challenge
you must test it out make sure these
knives are sharp enough to pop the
balloon oh my god here we go
pop the balloon put a hole in the box to
the tape up look at nails clean up job
oh yes we gotta look at it from this
angle
perfect all right we're gonna truck out
to the building see if there's any space
out there Britney says there's a little
this Oh chuckles new holes in the new
walls
let's do weather balloons on the sides
of two Polaris's electric comes on
Monday hey little lady it's pretty
echoey check check check
I'm a camera girl and a camera work
you should there's only one thing to do
and that's just try it out you ready no
no no
you've got safe boots on oh these are
thin rubber you're crazy come on
hon you got to chase the action your
loss keep it up I got one for real yeah
actually this is actually a lot of fun
kids don't take knives do funny RC do
not try this at home
go that way
Oh
come on out play
oh no no I'm gonna take the knife off
yes we all like when it's done
straight throw up out here yeah I give
that two thumbs up right there that was
a black great idea I can't think of a
better challenge to do within our secret
it was a blast like it is very and it's
an take skill you got a got a time like
some of them were locked my last one was
pure gold
none of our should I solid I took it
boom it was like a precision sniper
going after your limit every time I pass
on this you can do bigger balloons or
water balloons so when you hit alright
we're gonna pack it up head over to my
brother's house there's a awesome UFC to
fight Holly Holmes the UFC fighter Holly
Holm's McGregor I got to go watches huh
yeah so we're headed over there and
that's it I think I get everything
alright oh yeah Ivan about one's a box
I'll in your little hooligans huh maybe
oh cowboy hat Oh
pinball parts oh no dos tres Dan you
guys are bumping in here like a g6
parents kids whoever's watching right
now if you ever want a really clean
house start vlogging that's how you get
people to think like I'm guilty of it
this morning I was like I'm not gonna
start walking till we clean out the
houses try it's just something you do
it's like and I come over in their house
is so pretty and clean wish you could
see the before like three and a half
four hours in the making it's just it's
just like you don't want to show your
house mess even it everybody's house is
messy that's how it is but some about
vlogging you're like wow a lot of people
watch I want to clean my house that's
just the truth that's how it is
sometimes our house is trash but today
it was like one of them days let's clean
now it's always the house is trashed if
you have kids or anything I was always
trash you some reason pink always fun to
see who puts him to sleep like dr. Dre
was on before this they were all frisky
and wild they were throwing up gang
neutral signs didn't look at him
Oh sick on Christmas Eve I had dreams of
getting a drumset for Christmas and on
Christmas morning sure enough this was
my dream
it was only half the size that Dale has
added to it it is and the extra floor
time and symbols in the double pedal so
it used to be my drumset when I moved
out of the house into a little apartment
Dale took it over and became the best
drummer in the house and I lost my way
let's hear it for it
drum solo drum solo you can get rid a
little drum lesson here's the first step
alright it's this put one foot on this
pedal close it no training wheels here's
here's what's happening you're knitting
and then when you hit this one let off
on this right now so go with it the
pressure of learning come from in front
of 1.2 million
wait for hands wait no hit Britt maybe
you should start with this one what is
going on honey
oh I said it just got lucky
all right fights about to begin he
thinks go in McGregor
Diaz Holly wait who's Holmes fighting
this is completely irrelevant I don't
know I'm talking about but I'm excited
about Miesha Tate or Misha Misha howdy
I don't know sha I like my show girl
the brown hair curling no beard i su
she's voting for what are you thinking
uh well my bookie advised me to go take
the odds on my Gregor but you know for
the twenty to one odds I think I got my
money on Diaz I put the whole you have
to gotta be I drop the whole family
water on this fight so I hope that
you're right hey check on this fight all
87 bucks it's down all right when were
fantastic fights Britney was almost
right on every single card take the
chick one I was DS beat McGregor so glad
I didn't bet against her I'm so glad
that all that betting stuff was just
joke someone lost although I thought my
Gregor had it for sure anyways we gotta
go
that was four out of five hundred I know
you killed it one of the worst things
about the East Coast is a lot of things
like the fights take place in the West
Coast so the time change is always bad
it's 1:20 in the morning
ah
ah hey so see so we are back home we're
really warping into the night watching
the fights and Zeus come here come and
drop it
good boy sit stay
test his patience
good boy such a good dog man he is so
awesome
you bear I'm not usually vlogging this
late so I'm gonna show you this at night
when all the lights are off
there would be way more if all the
lights were off since lights around me I
have some these are starfish that climb
all over the glass at night they only
come out at night you see this bottom
half of this coral that's what it looks
like during the day but at night it
opens up like this unbelievable man I
love this stuff
all right guys I know we're warping
around a little bit we're back home
hanging me ISU's we gotta go
someone's throwing stuff at me tonight
we are we got to go don't forget check
out the top of this description for my
movie tour I'm coming to meet you guys
and watch the movie before it comes out
you actually get to watch it before the
movie comes out April 1st so come hang
out with me I know I keep talking about
it but it's really really awesome chance
to meet more of you guys and get to hang
out and finally show you this movie
we've been working on for literally two
years these took so long so I've got so
much time dedicating this and I just
really excited to come meet you guys
before it comes out so check out the
tour come hang out with me come support
top of the description click it check it
out maybe we're coming to a city near
you can't wait say bye Zeus save I Zeus
you know he did the whole time we were
gone he slept I can already tell cuz
he's wired he's ready to go anyway guys
you are picture-perfect awesome I don't
know how to tell you this I hate to be
that guy but you're one of a kind you
are the greatest version of you you were
the only one that can be you you're so
special at a soul mmm I don't know how
to tell you guys this but you are
amazing you are you like what an honor
to get to be one-of-a-kind you are so
special I will see you tomorrow I hope
you're excited for this movie come out
I'm so pause so it's surreal it's really
like how do I have a movie coming out
like that type of feeling like
what do you mean alright explain so
thank you for all the support up first
of all we will see you tomorrow right
back here at the atwood house and that's
all i got for you today I love you
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smart one
No
