what's up guys welcome to the vlog this
is completely opposite of how I would
ever want to start a vlog and we have
guests in town and we had to leave we've
been at the hospital for like ever
like it seems like forever she's been
getting sick since 2:00 in the morning
um it's been a very long night it was a
weird night kids were waking up Kane was
coming it was just a weird night it's
like a full moon or something
something's going on is freaky so Fritz
later Hospital she's ivied she's got
fluids going in and she's literally been
throwing up since 2:00 in the morning is
bad so that's where we're at right now
like I don't know what to do or say like
I've been going through all this all day
we're in the waiting room for three
hours like two-and-a-half it's like two
and a half three hours in the waiting
room and I just didn't film anything
like we're literally just sitting back
here and I'm like maybe I should just
roll on camera so three and a half I
didn't know it's a long time I fell
asleep twice I was like down in my chair
like this this is all she's been living
on right here just ice only thing for
the last two hours I've been able to
like at least keep down from over 15
minutes yeah
so you've done your unsent this is crazy
because we're never at the hospital in
the last month we've both been in so
we're either getting old or yeah I think
that's what it is I don't know it's just
weird my sister had pick the same
symptoms last week and then she had one
up there bring it what it's called but
it's for not like it's for the stomach
bug and I took one and it didn't help
thoughts I was like oh god maybe it's
something okay they want to do a cat
scan it done blood work urine samples
and then took a scan to check her what
was it like ovaries so anyway guys hope
you're having a wonderful day hope
you're having a great day this is not
the fun exciting vlog that we had
prepared today with Pete Melissa who are
just sitting at our house for hours like
we were like I gotta take Brittany to
the doctor's real quick
I don't know how long we'll be but we've
been gone all day like all day so I feel
really bad like guess just our house is
full of people so they're not alone but
it does suck like we had all these plans
and it happens life happens that's
that's what it should say it life
happens can't expect it what if they
came in here and were like oh you're a P
word she got this little dropper going
into her arm yeah your backs covered up
yeah guys so we kind of reach the spot
where Brit is able kind of rest up
waiting on test results and she's really
just got her eyes closed and getting
some sleep right now wild night man like
I like she's up she's sick all night and
then Cora's up the babies up and then
Kane is coming in it's just like it's
like the twilight zone dude it was like
a nightmare it's like it was so tired so
while she rests I'm getting I did tweet
out that the vlog was gonna go up late
and that's what I'm coming out to the
car to do right now is get that vlog up
for you guys from yesterday so that's
kind of weird it's already done and
weird but that's what I'm doing right
now as we wait for tests I guess ice ice
and more ice so she can eat ice really
waiting waiting waiting waiting
it is a wait game and we're just sitting
here just doing our thing
getting real antsy though put starting
to town which is starting to bounce you
okay doing a bunch of jumping around but
Brittany's going to be good over this
mess or actually it actually you got a
lot of great things done today because
now you know there's nothing seriously
wrong it's a virus to get home get some
rest we're gonna take it very easy for
the rest of the day I'm probably gonna
go on kid duty and let Brist sleep it up
I don't think either one of us slept
really last night but we need a home
guys so that's where we're headed pretty
much I mean other than actually being
sick it's actually good news because she
did do this the Cask and the blood work
the urine tests and everything came
so that's awesome oh yeah not pregnant
Brian I hear you know it seems a little
repetitive that we just keep getting
these muddy and in there clean again it
looks good even x-rays clean whoo
get inside feels so good to be home I
honestly I don't think anybody really
likes to have to be at the hospital but
getting home from there feels great say
hi they hi - welcome to the big exciting
outlet house today this is our this is
what it's turned into I guess canes
playing some games here
Pete mouths we really really letting you
guys down on staycation Pete got a nice
nap today she wants to play she wants to
play
come on Quora know what you plan took
flight let's see it so I said I'm gonna
eat your headphones all right let's see
you take flight she's got it
she just started up on her knees crawl
and watch you got it you got now she's
distracted say I'm not doing it on
camera oh oh there you go there you go
you got it there you go girl
she did so hard Hey
yeah she's getting it Hebert that cat
loves you so much gain so much hey come
on
okay guys a little current day update
for you I know this vlog short that
sucks but Brittany's feeling a lot
better we both got some serious sleep
last night am I gonna lie after the last
clip you guys saw it was about seven
o'clock we both were fully asleep by
8:00 p.m. Brittany's mom came and
actually spent the night here helped us
with the kids the baby and we both
crashed all night so Brittany's on her
feet she's not throwing up right now
which is huge I'm not sick which is huge
usually I'm the one that always gets
sick not her so we're on our feet we
feel a lot I feel great today Brittany's
feeling a lot better and so far the kids
feel good so we are so happy right now
I'm going to end this video so that we
can start fresh today hopefully just get
a good full length vlog for you guys and
and everything just go smooth today so
that being said the birds are chirping
the sunshine is out I hope you're
feeling great yourself hope your smile
hope you know how important you are and
we'll see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smama
you
