okay guys welcome welcome to the vlog
I'm so excited right now because we got
snow like legit snow it is deep enough
to play and I know a couple inches maybe
but the fun part the fun part I talked
about this in the other vlog that we
were gonna try to build a ramp off the
drop in so that we could go across the
pond we only have one shovel we're using
sleds and we're just trying to build
enough snow off the pond so that we
could roll off this downside while
that's slick didn't realize I was on the
pond that's a drop right it's amazing
it's a nice snow shovel right there
so the idea oh geez the idea is that we
get enough speed off of the drop in
which is covered in ice we've dumped
water on it it's frozen that we can go
all the way down come off the dock come
down the snow hill and then across the
pond it's foolproof it is the perfect
idea for today we got snow guys you know
how excited I've been about this you
guys like in the snow you playing in the
snow Oh Britt brought out the toy oh it
is it needs gas I'm sorry
well you got a lot of warm up it's
freezing she's cold you put a blanket on
her taking to the grocery up with gas in
it I know I know
come on snow dog Snow Patrol
you're fine he'll move
Britt's having so much fun he's fine
dude we got to add some ice down
especially down at the bottom I think
with the sled it'll be a little
different result let's try to make it
off this thing it's not done yet we're
gonna give us our ego can we make it off
the dock that's amazing
that's about keep hundred shovels worth
500 e it's so fluffy oh here we go here
we go
is there snot on me Dov icicle snow
stick do a little try it dude there's
like a very nice drop off at the end
kind of hurts yeah sorry about your aunt
we need more water we need more water
falling yeah we add water you're gonna
go flying there you go there you go here
goes mommy's dad Brittany's dad up her
the snow so awesome oh he's going all
the way all right I'm gonna bust out the
metal holy crap
this thing's so slick
ooh nice that's what bonus points did
oh he's going he is going alright it's
mommy's first time mommy's first
dropping you've never went down this
ever you got this it's so fun that's
right look like it I don't like Heights
it's not very high look low canes done
it a thousand times he's a penguin oh my
gosh you got this babe get lined up just
get lined up I'm just gonna watch I
won't touch me you're good just take
your time just come up to the line and
just here I'll stand right here it's all
about going straight there you go just
drop just drop mando ruff oh look at
this Cup
that's hilarious dude you got enough
Marshall you guys want some hot
chocolate for the marshmallows no no the
rough life coming in from solidified
chuckle oh it's mat with the good stuff
these kids like hot chocolate inside
boom I can't even see I don't even know
who that is
don't like me they would you say what do
you what do you got your mouth here to
go Brittany and her mom on the tube I
think
Oh oh boy
hang on little girls hang on little
girls
oh my god Britney Britney she's faking
no buffer oh your nose is bleeding
really bad just get in
okay here we go barefoot oh ho oh my
gosh okay hot sup time that's it you got
it okay we're walking past slow yeah so
cold I'm such a baby when it comes to
cold old dude my feet are frozen my feet
are gone
my feet are gone I'm getting in hurry
hurry
okay so we've had an absolute riot today
some of the stuff is so hard to film I
just filmed the best I could
hey little dude now we're gonna jump in
hot tub and warm up we've literally been
outside all day - hot chocolate time
thanks for watching guys thanks for
being a part of our telling you this is
the secret horse fence you got another
surgery what did they add a plate yeah I
got another plate now so now we got two
good better than one deterring the
Terminator did I know I'm jumping around
quite a bit in this video towards the
end here and I was editing the initial
clips from this sledding and what we did
today and I noticed like what's going on
with the mustache what is going it
doesn't look like it right now but
through the vlog it's like this I don't
know if I don't like dirt or what but
I'm watching I'm like what is going on
with the stache so I need to shave but
that's not it
I don't know what's going on anyway it
looks it looks muddy or something I I
don't know what it is anyways I want to
show you this in case you didn't see it
I only know because of you guys tweeting
me and showed me so check this out thank
you thank you thank you thank you guys
we passed 14 million subscribers
obviously a mind-blowing number to
myself I still remember getting 50
subscribers and that blew my mind I
believe me when I say this I am truly
blessed and honored to have each and
every one of you and to hit that number
of 14 million these are these are just
numbers guys that just never was
possible is it
possible literally impossible to me so
thank you from the bottom of my heart my
family and I we just we talked about it
all the time we are lucky to have you is
truly a blessing sue sure it's you're
stealing the focus back there he's
focusing on you back here buddy I got
another one right here check this out
got this guy sitting right here with me
as I edit and the chain country got me I
just hang there for now anyway guys hope
you're having a perfect day a wonderful
day fight for that positivity I used to
challenge you guys all the time to just
think positive for one hour if something
bad happens or you're thinking negative
change it push it aside and think truly
positive and you know it's a great great
thing to try right now
you know everybody makes New Year's
resolutions jump into the positivity you
know what I'm gonna think positive it's
hard it is very challenging I fight it
every day I myself find myself fighting
positive it's tough it's much easier to
be negative it's easy to be negative
it's that's the easy route being
positive is tough it's hard did you got
so many things pulling you and pushing
you it's tough believe me we all know
you and I we all know everybody's
fighting different battles I don't want
to get off-track here thank you guys for
absolutely everything we are we are just
speechless all the time thank you thank
you thank you we will see them all have
a wonderful New Year's you are beautiful
you are truly one-of-a-kind smama
you
