oh it's so jacked uh what's up guys we
are leaving
good morning Brit we are leaving San
Diego it's a beautiful place but we
gotta go hit it home to our beautiful
kids our home I'm excited tours over hi
puppy dog
what's look sake nope for those of you
that don't know
cut my hair live on stage last night so
forgive me put up with my miserable
haircut for a few days the back is bad
like I can get away with this I think
but the back is bad right if you are
stood way lighter your Sigma coming
that's the only suitcase we had at home
say goodbye to the beautiful weather it
is so pretty in San Diego holy it's
beautiful guys before we take off on our
flight I want to thank you for joining
us on this this tour and our new
adventures if you missed us on tour and
you're waiting for us to announce the
next date something super cool I'm going
on a movie tour which starts very soon
I'm putting the links in the description
the very top of this video clicking it's
going to show you exactly where I'm at
this is fan meets you're gonna watch the
movie with me
it is like incredibly cool get your
tickets if you want to go because I
guarantee they're going to sell out
really fast top link the description
check it out I'm going to be there
watching the movie with you it's a live
event so check it out
oh guys I'll tell you man a couple weeks
on the west coast it'll really change a
person this weather the palm trees it's
hard to know I'm going back to the stuff
it's funny I'm looking around I can see
people staring at the back of my head
there's like chunks all throughout
whatever makes people smile so
unfortunately we cannot get a straight
flight back home so we have to stop and
where we want Chicago Chicago
goodbye sunshine look how beautiful this
view is no no no but for real but for
real it is nice out
oh my brother committed to Chicago it's
freezing little taste of what its gonna
be like in Ohio maybe it was hot
what the bathroom had like a hand wave
and the toilet seat rotates yeah you see
nervous I connected here coming out to
see you uh you guys ever seen that
that's like new to me let's see I don't
feel like it just moves keeps Movida
does it actually put a new one honors is
just wipe it off that's exactly what I
was thinking we literally just got off
our flight what can I do that would
involve me hey man thank you
thanks for get me on this flight thank
you thank you
oh you're they literally just had to
open the doors for us to get on our
plane I don't even know I thought we
were on time you're lucky he knew you
don't think that usually would do you
know it wouldn't be part of our travels
if we were on Tom oh this is just all
part of it are we straight from where
other plane oh yeah stop well to the
toilet distracted man you keep her ready
to go
I have about 15 yes sir home sweet home
made it guys it is 12:30 at night or in
the morning it's a new day technically I
mean he went in this boy is kind of
pulling an all-nighter here to get to
Columbus but we're home safe feels good
I never seen this Airport this quiet man
look at this baby where's the palm trees
where's the palm trees in the hot Sun
it's so late it's 1:00 in the morning we
finally made it I know it looks like
she's got the big heavy one but that
one's way lighter almost long guys
feeling good I'm feeling great I can't
wait to get home you know we may not
have the warmest weather and the nicest
palm trees but we don't have any traffic
we can just drive like it doesn't matter
what time of day it is usually we just
don't traffic I can drive in all three
different the moon is super crazy
tonight look at that thing
the camera doesn't do justice that's a
moon if you took and copy and pasted it
right beside it would look like eyes in
the sky dose hi baby hi ISOs hi oh my oh
I can't believe you're awake
big up you go can I have one I know I
was only gone a day but I owe
wowyou a heavier did you grow did you
grow hi Zeus hi my mom how are you okay
I can't believe you're up this late you
guys are party animals how big you are
can you almost told the mommy already so
here's what I want to do I'm actually
gonna continue this vlog through
tomorrow because I'm waking up hopefully
getting Noah in the morning and I really
want him to be part of the coming home
blog so we're you good there you go so
I'm gonna continue you want to see a
little something I got you
are you sure I know it's late but hey
your eyes are closed okay here you go
you like it they like him alright that's
just for tonight okay we got it we got
it we got it so late
I love this little stuff my god
King you have to quit growing you have
to kick quit you're not allowed to grow
anymore you have to be a little baby
guys I am going to close our eyes all of
them physically I'm gonna close I'm
gonna pick this up in the morning so I
will see you in one second there's my
beautiful fish all right guys just like
that it's another day and it is going
exactly opposite of what I had planned
actually I thought I was gonna be able
to get up and go get Noah and I just
can't right now so I'm at least going to
update you on the smile more building
still being built let's at least run out
check this day out everybody it's all
wet come on
of course it's raining hey I'll be right
back the weather is exactly what we
thought it would be we go whoa they just
started the siding today which is great
the doors are up the stone is on let's
take a look
apparently the building gets electric
tomorrow the windows ER and it's like
they're just painting
sup man so this is going to be the main
door for the buildings to smile more
merch and go in and out real easily
smooth we got an extra garage here for
that the house itself a little bonus
closet they're just about to start
painting actually sub George George is
actually the one that came in and
painted the house when we got the house
so they're coming in we got uh this is
gonna be like a shower area and like a
mudroom basically these are some offices
this is gonna be the kitchen it's gonna
be all tile and some sinks like that I
guess a little office here a little
office here utility room I know it's so
interesting so yeah guys this is uh it's
almost there
Electric goes in tomorrow they're gonna
paint it tonight and it's really cool
and of course the weather just makes it
hard to get anything done look at this
yeah go on
so this is the house and it matches
exactly to the building it's gonna be
beautiful eventually oh dude
be glad you didn't come out okay guys so
today honestly went opposite what I
thought it was gonna be I thought I was
gonna wake up go get Noah throw some
family stuff in here and just give you
guys some raw family stuff but it went
opposite and just nothing I can do about
it right now before we get back into the
Ohio blogs the crazy fun family stuff
the explosions the things we do here I'm
asking for a little bit of support on
something and that is one or two days
off of vlogging uh I think I'm just
gonna do it I haven't really come on
here and asked you guys that from before
I just need to catch up man whether it
be just a day or two with my kids just
one-on-one just some solo love from
daddy basically is what I'm saying so if
you can help me out and you understand
give me a thumbs up give me some love in
the comments I know I'm gonna get a lot
of flack for I really do I'm already
aware that but it's something as a dad
that I really want to do right now I
just came off the tour and being away
for two weeks and I just feel like it's
really good for my kids and Brittany and
my family just get some alone time so
thank you in advance for understanding
we will be right back here in fact
Brittany and I have both agreed to both
do snapchat for any day we miss it won't
be live on snapchat so it'll be like
vlogging but a little easier the movie
tour I'm coming to a city near you
check it out top of the description come
see me come hang out so that's it guys
thank you in advance for all the support
thank you for all the love we will be
right back I promise I love you your
beautiful smile
