what's up guys welcome to the vlog we
have been on this bus for about ten
straight hours we just came in from San
Francisco to Los Angeles break off this
bus ready to change I'm in the same
clothes I wear yesterday
yo mm-hmm we're here mmm
yeah we're in LA and then you're a toad
at the bench here do you want to give a
huge thanks to you guys for coming back
and watching the tour vlogs I know
they're a lot different than any vlogs
I've ever done and they're not the
family vlogs and the things like that so
just thank you for joining me on this
journey let's get this day started let's
go there we go let's do it I love you
y'all it's gonna be a big show tonight
for sure Wow literally just arrived at
one of the nicest hotels I've ever seen
look at this
the whole place is filled with fountains
and then these fish squirt water
overhead huh started at the bottom now
we're here started at the bottom of this
elevator that way I'm your DJ whoa we
just left the hotel like Willy Wonka and
the Chocolate Factory we're gonna bust
another top runner ahh alright guys just
about enough time drop our stuff get
some food I'm out of breath that's a
great view what is this so I go grass on
top to give you guys an idea how bad I
need a shower we wear these little mics
on stage when we when we're on stage and
we have stickers that hold the mic wires
to our necks and our face
that's all the sticker goop that's still
on my neck and I can't get it off like I
just keep a baby I'm in desperate need
of a shower desperate need of food I got
food coming up which all I've been doing
is craving breakfast they have breakfast
go hello-o big burger class oh this is
making my whole day right here look at
it beautiful whoo thank you that your
sashes coffee alright guys as I actually
get ready to go to the show I'm gonna
send you to Ohio Brittany calm she's
like my blog is terrible I don't think I
should even send you the footage I was
like just send me what you got I'm sure
you guys would love to say hi to us so
here's Brittany in Ohio real quick I'll
see you in a minute hey guys it is 1
o'clock I was supposed to leave an hour
ago woke up really late ready
I got bagged okay
the hi everyone we are on our way to go
get Noah are you excited to get Noah
yeah we are on our way to get Noah and
head into cocoa key we're just running
really late today
Noah's here Wow
I'm honest and thank you shoutout to
so now he's just waiting on
hungry were they good
did you guys have fun
yeah you guys look so cute sitting up
there daily did you have fun what do you
got Conrad's birthday gift okay everyone
I kind of skipped around today I didn't
blog too much at the water park and then
we went back and had cake and stuff at
their house um so I didn't vlog any of
that and now Dale and I are gonna do the
smoothie challenge for his channel so
I'm getting 10 ingredients from my house
to take over and we're gonna do that so
I'll try and put like a little clip of
it in this vlog but it's gonna be super
gross I hope feels ready dun dun dun hey
Britney for the blindfold I can't see
anything but take these markers and
let's put goofy face on it oh my gosh oh
you're over here I have no idea where
I'm at you can't see through that let's
see no you can't see through that can't
see through it
I think the bark is gonna mess up your
makeup the fall I'm not barking you
better not many people you haven't seen
my ingredients oh I'm so terribly scared
it's like a zebra giraffe monkey oh my
gosh god there's no way I can drink that
like mmm if she loses if I lose I have
to drink that one my mouth is like my
lips hurt so bad they're on fire already
over so nice I remember the way you were
laughing when you're dumping that
cayenne pepper in I had to go home and
shower just cook it right I what I feel
like I can just see chunks in my I'm
going to end it right here after this
crazy mess on everywhere on me and the
floor and the whole kitchen um I'm gonna
go home get a shower get came to bed
and start getting ready for something
fun that's gonna happen tomorrow I mean
take you guys with me an amazing day we
love you mmm here we go let's do it I
cannot explain how late we are this guy
was nice enough to give us a ride we
were supposed to have a car pick it up
but he never showed up we have a
meet-and-greet in 10 minutes we haven't
even done soundcheck give me an
interesting night bro bro bro ah Roman
verse foo see show look at that line
dude that's the meeting you ran good man
ten stars for you what about we walking
right out onto the stage wow this is
weird
bad night boys what's up oh just waiting
on you to hear finally yeah I know man
why don't why we pick what a cool place
Wow you know what is this that's a Leo
VI system where you cut the rope yeah
and the TV falls we're walking right now
to the meetup guys we're gonna make this
mimic that's the best one yeah are we
all right
so what's up what you want to say hello
I shout out desire and and Preston I
told you I was gonna meet up we
definitely aren't lacking teamsmile more
in here Wow
shout out to Justin doing Justin Bieber
you got it hey what you want to say
little man don't forget to smile that's
good I see when yesterday's vlog I
wouldn't seen the Golden Gate Bridge but
it was covered in clouds so they took a
screenshot from my vlog we love you
they took a screenshot from the vlogs
and colored in the bridge what it's
supposed to look like
you guys are rad thank you I was in the
middle of a picture did you really bring
me a cheesecake man that's just what I
need we we know 12 that was just gonna
be 12 hours
so this isn't even good no on so these
guys couldn't get tickets in their own
town of San Francisco so they drove all
the way to Los Angeles thank you and
they brought me this crazy Eminem gift
but all the M&Ms a smile more and says
you're beautiful and has your picture
your family and dude thanks so much
we just finishing up the line here these
guys are there's some real loyalty here
what you guys want to say wanna say I'm
always smile more keep it real I want to
say thank you and I just want to see you
do the king of YouTube man I don't know
about that but thank you for her thing
just wrap down our meet and greet we're
headed out real quick we didn't do
soundtrack getting that I think this
thing starts really soon so it's a home
yo check check
it's almost Showtime this place is about
to fill up holy cow
all right man we gettin ready for the
show we got wasabi in the house with
somebody
how's everything going good I'm excited
super saiyan Go Go Power Rangers semi
what's up what's up yours ready I am
it's gonna be fun man okay very nice
awesome
I don't know why you put my hair spray
under your pits dude the audio time it
means we're about 10 minutes out I'm
ready I'm ready
I feel I'm not supposed to be like that
right good job they're supporting Logan
oh okay yo I'm jealous
of all thank you for coming I'm happy
sorry I'm so sorry you too late for me
what's up we got lots of special guests
and I thank you guys so much for coming
superwoman what's up this is a great
thing about La Michaels already show us
ya go little late but they support you
guys my handsome lad no I don't expect
you should see what he's got on under it
oh boy someone else your lap dance still
here we go Pablo can I get back here can
you see me I can't get over they're
gonna see me I think put down the lights
good don't give a signal maybe when the
video starts playing I'll go across when
they put down the lights you gotta cross
maybe a stool lathe going down
- sniff - intermission we got about 10
minutes what's a five warpin right to
that second half
you guys ready
well that's not gonna work that's not
going to work either same time I don't
know everybody let's get ready to make
some noise
Los Angeles here we go
Oh
so we got something real special right
we're going to shoot our tour poster if
you can get more light on the Balki we
got my man
that's a wrap on show for guys good job
everybody good job man nothin whoo yo
well now yeah l suppose you know about
my mom and dad yeah you did I recorded
it for you oh thank you
I know but guys my mom and dad just
showed up in Los Angeles at my show
Boosie knows what did I say before the
show started your so I wish my mom and
dad and see the show it's exactly what I
said and they just walked up on stage
completely blew my mind
in fact they cut it see you guys truly
just blew my mind I was just telling foo
see before the show wish my mom and dad
could come showed up like impossible
I love you love you guys well the
Shocker tonight was my mom and dad truly
surprised me and Los Angeles tonight man
they were going to Vegas for their trade
show and they ended up just jumping on a
flight to LA it all just worked out I
can't believe it
unbelievable well you can still a little
shy super you can't believe how it all
fell into place
this was meant to be everything just
kept falling into place we were so happy
I'm so happy man and we're gonna go grab
a little bite to eat it's already really
late and have to fly right out at like
8:00 in the morning tomorrow 7:00 yes
whoo howdy howdy
how are you yes come on in I do have
toys carburizing English so far in the
Saturday night fall it's amazing my mom
and dad just flew into Los Angeles and
all the restaurants are closed
tonight's we're ordering in free get
with you thank you very much we got 24
hours you can have anything you like
hello how are you everybody all right I
do have your burger with french fries
and it fruits that's definitely mine
ketchup mustard and you have ice cream
with some sprite guys we're warping into
the night my mom and dad just left they
have an early early flight back to their
show tomorrow and uh man um my mind is
blown guys thank you guys for being here
we have one more show in San Diego and
then I'm flying back to Ohio I promise
we're going back to the family vlogs but
we got one more show tomorrow on San
Diego today as you're watching this so
thank you guys I freaking love you don't
let nobody bring you down don't let
nobody tell you you can't do something
your one-of-a-kind your beautiful smile
more guys we made it to the bridge and
it kind of stinks today it's all foggy
but this is it it's beautiful
does it do it I don't think it does it
justice but it looks amazing and
personal all that beauty
so this is it guys the Golden Gate
Bridge maybe somebody can take a
freeze-frame of this and
