what's up guys welcome to Portland
what up what up it's good morning
morning morning guys I'm not awake I'm a
zombie right now these guys will I get
up get on the bus
that was bad shit up and down up and
down all right guys give them one I must
say good morning to you because I'm not
awake oh this is our bus I've never ever
in my life ridden on a tour boss so here
we go we're off to Portland Oregon
have you ever been wrote on this we're
both now really nice
what are you talking about no solids or
toilet paper you can only pee
what if I landed fat up you have to go
right now the way you do is you just ask
bloggers you really have to stop I
actually feel like we're up north right
now look at these giant pine trees whoa
god forbid we on the road for two hours
without food see having to poop you just
blew that place bad Oh awful really like
the worst thing I've ever smelled more
come bad with that y'all read like fire
what we just hit the jackpot San Andreas
you're the kind of kid who skips school
place address all there
I don't really know how to explain this
to you guys but I used to have dreams I
used to have a lot not just like one -
dreams ladies - dream all the time that
I was traveling in tour buses and being
on stage and I never understood the
dreams I didn't I didn't understand it
because I wasn't in a band and I had why
would I ever be up on stage so now that
I'm sitting in this boss heading to a
show that I'll be on stage is kind of
like messing with me like I honestly
have dreams about this I never
understood the dreams
yes dreams do come true I don't know how
to explain that how do you know how to
tell that you explained it to you guys
in a way it's like it's really surreal
like
give me all your MA
pussy come on are you watching my vlog
this gay the hell outta me I'm people
peppered one trying to sleep I'm here
trying to smile more okay
you know what I'm thinking
ah you know what I'm thinking I'm not
trying to secure don't see things like
this like it's the process
if I tweet out teamroman boy hashtag
team Ellen or if it just pussies
this guy's the best driver in the whole
world
oh we have safely made it to Portland
Oregon's already a beautiful place man
I'm in love with it the mountains are
snow cat like mountains did you see that
father where are you born here really
what up guys how are you I am loving
this city look at this
look how much my hair grew from
yesterday it's disgusting right look
like you slept in the woods last time we
added there we are we made it to
Portland it's beautiful whoa we are
headed to the hotel and we got to eat
that's right
yo yo check it check it we're out here
in Portland doing what we do on stage
every night after we take a poo last
time I was this good at something I was
still in school Roman Atwood never was
because he's a fool here we are baby my
hat what I asked you if you can take
what is it washed it Roman look what he
did such a baby
I'm sorry freak dude I can get my bag
he's got nine bags we have a sluggish
thing in the building he doesn't want
any interaction with me okay he's on
body line like this yo-yo fairy needs to
go choo-choo I'll put you on the front
take your place listen to them all right
I know you don't want to communicate
without outside life and we have arrived
why do they gotta do this oh no nice
little street view here ah there it is
all right guys we got here a little
early we have a little time settle and
we're gonna get some food we have an en
and this is my room for the night right
here we are out to San Francisco
tomorrow so we're here just for today
excited before I go any further I really
want to just say thank you guys for
coming along on this journey I told you
last week that this was gonna be a whole
new adventure a whole new challenge a
whole new journey for us and I just
thank you for joining me on this it's so
fun it's so fun meeting you guys at the
shows and I guess I'm in Oregon if
there's a teapot on my desk what do you
do at this
oh hi good luck everyone
careful careful this kids hey what's up
Tyler Nismo yeah so can I have a picture
yeah no problem
okay we didn't need at the Japanese
place but look at this how do you eat
these thank you we picked the right spot
guys look at this that's coconut on top
of that toffee these cherries I think so
and this is ice cream like at a dairy
all right we broke him I really didn't
see that seat oh I get it
you better buckle your hat up dude after
what you don't want to get it damaged
you abused it if you even touch foods
like you touch his shoes he freaks out
you touch his head free stuff buckle up
man put the seat belt on you good buddy
there you go all right we can go now I'm
not even Buffalo man you got out you got
a beautiful city here that's not this is
really nice everybody's moving here - so
moving working working out exercise like
these guys on the here's the venue
there's the venue right there we go we
just reached our venue nice and quiet
uh-uh then you'll have a little time
before doors you about 20 minutes before
our meet-and-greet and every single one
of these places is totally different so
usually fousey and I come out on
different sides of the stage tonight
they don't have enough room for one side
of the stage it should be interesting
just got to roll with the punch a roll
it this is a nice little table yeah and
then there's tons of like cold cuts and
cheese all tomatoes it's perfect look at
this wardrobe that's that's it just
finish up soundcheck we are about ready
to go we're gonna go fire up this
meet-and-greet and then we're gonna fill
er up
I got any soldiers about gay what's up
homie what's up you got a shout-out
yeah that's been Arturo and say czar
Potter oh yeah I've never heard that
name boy that's nice like that you know
they said I should have brought smile
more shirts on this door like for merch
but everybody's already wearing and
these are the oh see guys but I don't
notice but for a limited time on our
website we posted this shirt and he got
it you got one of one he got one of one
you made the vlog you know I've never
seen so many small more shirts in my
life everybody you got they're
everywhere you guys know everywhere that
I go I collect magnets where I go in the
city everybody's bringing me Matt this
is my fifth Portland Oregon magnetic ten
minutes thank you maybe I start like a
tour wall and I put all this more than
yeah we say thank you look at all these
gifts for cane the kids
oh I bring coal out there with bags it's
be prepared I have to get another bus
take all our stuff home we got an
original Roman soldier up in here get
capital take that cap off we're here at
the meeting green with the beauty buddy
we'll Portland
what happened
can I come out hey that's gonna be why
are you looking at me she got it she
brought the silly string this time a dog
really said yeah you know jack she said
it's for Noah and Kane I feel bad no
pressure there's only a million people
watching you right you guys shout out to
Jo and Milani hashtag wish you were here
Oh team Ellen would you say see you
rolling would you say I see the market
for Britain Kane oh they're gonna love
this what do you guys want to say aw no
are you team ramen or team foo see I'm
trying to figure out who's but you know
what the fight is polar cases use team a
team really oh that's fine that's fine
let's see what your mom that you do
smile moron
look at her man fuck we're gonna have
fun tonight but usually you guys are
making us smile I want to have you guys
yeah check this out so I'm rocking the
black vans right yeah she knows boy
tiny so sweet what you have to re-watch
that so what you just what happen it was
right here ya know they were untied as
soon as I shook it they tiny Todd yeah
that's a nice technique yeah takes me
like 20 minutes to put on my shirt yeah
doesn't matter how cold it is we got the
first peak tank top rocking up in here
you guys may or may not remember me
buying the wrong underwear which then
then men just brought me some new honey
but I work there actually so you took
them not work easy
now first night yeah you bought these DJ
plumbing work crazy all of this
oh my gosh how about your hair oh my god
no these are trick trick and I in here
haha just finished our meet and greet
which went absolutely great laid back in
Portland what do you think are they more
laid-back here
they're super ly I wasn't expecting that
and they're they're small more solo man
out here team Rowan's a little thick out
here thank good we'll see what happens
during the actual show because I was the
meeting group right right I try to pull
out with the win Pablo you want to take
this camera out for the line oh yeah
try to pump them up we'll do it I take
them out
Oh
you ready to do this piss ball you give
me love tonight yeah we going out as a
team I'm Anna I'm gonna fight to my dad
oh yeah they all know we're a team
I'm gonna we got one big happy family
out there in the audience tonight boom
he's gonna be doing that and I just want
to say I'm very grateful and I've been
telling you this every night to be here
with you and no one else it's fun we
having a blast guys we are thankful for
this shit all right pull it down
that one's out now you gotta really
alright guys we're getting ready go on
we go let's get ready to start so scared
I wish I could show you guys the
entrance it's so I'll see it when they
get to the others
got this yeah I'm ready I'm so nervous
Oh
Oh
here where you touching my mother this
guy's back what's up guys welcome to
Portland
I'm a man whoa you did it show - show -
already done man I want to show you
something we had hiccups tonight right
hiccups we rolling at the punches though
we did we roll to the bloody well good
job man
that's fun no matter what it was a lot
of fun it was great it was great that
was fun who won tonight though every
night this is the the teardown thank you
guys I got everything for the room this
is an on-stage gym thank you so much
good job on the ride thank you not
nearly as many you know little burns
that's great we'll get it we'll get it
next time
and are you leaving at all in quick
girls all right fellas you guys crush it
warping right back to the room guys
I had a good time and that was fun time
what a great time we are uh-oh we're
gonna waiting for food you ordered food
already Roman a Caesar salad with
chicken any supper mad about it you act
happy about being mad if I say it's not
junk yes Caesar salad like you might
like a Caesar salad really after a show
I mean at this time it's almost midnight
it's midnight
yeah this is dinner tonight at midnight
salad right here it looks good man good
call man
maybe like it I don't have it guys that
is it for today I'm gonna finish my
little midnight salad here start editing
get up early for San Francisco you are a
next City super excited thanks for
joining me on this journey
don't forget how awesome you are you are
one-of-a-kind your beautiful smile and
then the top is shaved like a buzz cut
and then they line it up
see these years dude if I don't have
hair here I've got Dumbo dude
Dumbo challenges happen to some of this
