yo what'd you guys think of my new car
I'm not very good at driving it not very
good at all
you
hey guys welcome to the vlog today
starting a little differently than usual
we had an emergency back home
Britney took the earliest flight out to
get home just really scary situation we
didn't know really what happened and if
Cain was okay Cain fell landed on his
face and it was just bad we were in
sleep last night so um here's home
Britney's gonna take over for a few
minutes and then we'll come back to me
love you guys okay guys I don't even
know how to say this I just got home
from the airport literally got home I
haven't showered I got the first flight
out this morning my sister called me
last night with Cain and said they had a
little accident they were jumping
downstairs on the trampoline and he
jumped and landed on the bar and he lost
a few teeth you want a show um yeah um
he didn't have to have any pain medicine
or anything even today I was like does
it hurt he's like no so he's doing
really good we are just going into the
dentist to get an x-ray to see if the
roots are still in there or the both the
teeth actually all came out but I
figured we do the vlogs for you guys
what we also do him for us for you know
a memory to look back on this is a day I
really don't want to remember but I
think it would be cool for Cain to watch
later when he's older and has all of his
teeth he's like no way show me your
teeth oh my goodness
what happens um
we are on our way to the tennis now look
at that
no teeth for it kids
I get our x-ray to see if there's
anything left up in there they just
broke off or they all the whole tooth
came out so it feel funny yeah they're
right there yeah
Oh bite bite on it good boy team dad
yeah all right buddy like a statue okay
really still it's gonna speak to you and
play your music now you're transferring
in the Ironman
we stood at the flask Thank You job good
job buddy
good job big boy god it's a dice is that
what you want
all these got little dinosaurs in one so
yeah no surgery today thank goodness so
if the brute was still in there the
tooth didn't come all the way out and
you got to go fishing for it which isn't
very fun but thank goodness and I'm just
so thankful that it's just gonna heal in
the next week and he'll be completely
fine I'll just knit
he'll just be missing a couple teeth for
a while which yes that's Kane who I am
so relieved right now he has no idea I
was so like nervous that he was gonna
have to have like surgery huh he's out
there with my mom I can't believe he has
no teeth only Kane literally this would
happen to Kane okay you have to turn
your head to the side and keep it on
that side that's how you have to eat now
I think I was more of a nervous wreck
than he was he's like I'm fine
playing hanging on a dog like normal
he's completely normal with this whole
big lip no teeth
and show them again
Wow case you guys don't know I took an
early flight from New York City last
night I am now in Los Angeles and I'm
about to destroy a brand-new BMW i8 I'm
not gonna lie this car is sick it is so
cool
get them lambo doors did what the heck
so I've been flown out to Los Angeles
today to pull a ridiculous stunt and I
mean it's ridiculous
like I came up with the idea about four
months ago maybe three months ago and
we're actually gonna do it we got the
big crazy crew here what's up buddy look
at this
I got Jonah and all the art guys they
came out they did the snow video with me
at my house they're here designing this
crazy crazy day why are we always doing
things after the toilet paper dude look
gross five thousand rolls five hundred
thousand insides of roll Eddie help me
toilet paper Howie Mandel's house pull
you this what's up buddy what are we
doing here we're just filling this thing
with the 60,000 cars
Bassem course in this friggin room right
here that you built this is your fault
this is all you that's my fault and you
built a custom scoop for the room oh boy
I don't know what to say guys I don't
know what I'm doing anymore look at this
this is what we've used this is what we
will use
so yeah it's insane it's incredible
so the idea here is I'm going to be
driving this nice car through this wall
now this will actually be a garage door
right so this isn't this is foam looks
just like these garage doors down here
you see them it's a replica so I'm going
to go through this wall so for now I'm
going to practice going in and out of
this door so on the day when it comes
time to actually wreck this car it'll be
through that door things actually really
awkward to get in by the way it's really
weird all right so I've done a few tests
driving through the door nothing
exciting but now we have to actually
test it so I'm going to do a speed I'm
going to do a small run through our wall
through our garage you're gonna fill it
all the way this is nuts did why why
that's a garage door by the way okay so
for the actual stunt that'll be an
actual looking garage door today we're
just testing the wall I'm going to plow
through it right now I'm sorry little
eye
just for without iron okay
accepted there's so many paper towel
rolls it's crazy busy
every fucking fool just looks hilarious
with this car buried in all these roles
should I come forward you better clean
fire
quick doctor how many roles do we use in
five minutes in Los Angeles sixty-six
thousand this is toilet paper awareness
people some real thing man
especially probably fine right here okay
I think this edge is going to be your
ear yet you're leaving your shittiest
you know I may be here yeah it's gonna
say maybe we get it but I think you can
pop it up now we're planning already
have a buffer ready to wrap things up I
came what's up dude look at you I am
just working you know what I just did I
just drove a car through a wall I just
drove a car through a wall you know how
you tried to drive your face through
that trampoline yeah I drove a car
through a wall I'm beautiful
you know what I'll send you in mommy
pictures soon okay okay we're getting
ready to take off but I want to show you
the actual door I'm going to be driving
through look at that garage door it is
perfect it is exact replicas of all the
garages in this place
I'm Paul did it looks for it looks
incredibly real yeah they even put the
rubber stop and it's it's just foam
it's just foam all right we'll see you
soon
headed to that beautiful Los Angeles
sunshine
you know after today I'm officially
starting my stomach so I need you to
start looking for stuff Angeles like I
wanna I want to pursue that I want to be
good at it like the best stop man
I've been shot out of a cannon alright
guys some warping over to my buddy's
house to surprise him I hope he's even
here
Oh housekeeping housekeeping there how
are you like what are you doing here I
mean what am I doing here yesterday come
here look at this
that's a no apparently though we did it
wrong because boxers that wear those
robes don't wear them gloves
oh it's opposite yeah or something oh
yeah I'm here
are you like here like coming here if
you have it yeah let me oh I got three
rooms come in dogs I don't know fuck I
love your place man you are not about
the experience I have never ridden in
this to the handles light up that's any
BMW I think oh really
yeah I don't know I don't know BMW
Stewart's I drove on today beneath me
show you the Oh
s mobile are you kidding me see that is
whoa
farts me
all right where we at now where are we I
took you to what's up how are you how
are you this is so nice man we don't
have weather like this in Ohio right now
raining snowed last week it's been crazy
you know my traditional food this is
where you eat yeah you have a seat have
a seat thank you thank you like what you
want wine I do want some meat yeah
cranked it up baby
so what kind of tea is this Moroccan
means Morocco mint okay we're gonna put
right from North Africa what kind of
food is this this is a Bunny's food look
livin Lebanese Lebanese okay this could
be my first time at eleven e's
restaurant oh yeah enjoy oh we should do
but I bust him out by the way I've
ordered like I take him on a day that's
just I'm not even don't even let him
decide this do the combo kebab platter
for two
oh just one pork one for one so this is
a hoot I know I know what a hookah is
but I've never like I've seen people do
hookah there's no there's no nicotine in
this here oh it is yeah it's like it's
like flavored tobacco yeah so do not do
it at home you're not condoning for kids
I don't this is just a visual to show
you what it is and you enjoy it well I
do because I can you're back home like
in my home country like a common thing
to do with like your parents and
everything is to just chill outside on
the patio and do whoo but they make it
without nicotine you can just flavor
right like a base that's babe
nah I know nothing about here's what's
funny like my mom will like see me do
this but like if I were to like I don't
smoke cigarettes or if my mom were to
see me with a cigarette it's like the
inception of oh my god don't do that but
it's okay to do this because this is
like culturally acceptable gotcha
look weird
it's coming yeah I don't understand how
it works like these are hot rocks
marshmallow how much repair what is this
long long story well you enjoy it I am
enjoying whatever he's hard to laugh
laughing clapping I'm laughing what
happened
I'm sorry I'm gonna have been Bebo I
don't have a safe oh look Fred vamos
vamos
he's dead mama I say hummus no it's not
whatever ma'am
oh my y'all might need a little red
wagon for you to carry me out of here
man look at this
honey motor start Thank You sweetums
eclipse' here chicken kabob beef kabob
Wow besides uh price right on thank you
dump her in her and Lebanese Lebanese
food is good I've never had it
cuz I never try this
so getting back to you sips I'm not sure
gonna get the elephant out of the room I
think a lot of a lot of my viewers
you're gonna want to know what wins the
tour Oh get out of here
yeah do we have the dates can we like
hint anything right now we have the
dates and we have all the cities
everything he doesn't want to get beat
on tour again Thailand Baja all your
cities ha ha all of you guys is every
country even in the international roam
is just being like oh you should be
cutting logs with that hat boy uh did
you guys miss me you do this with
everybody look at him so the last time I
was in this apartment the last time my
foot was in this apartment was when we
left on tour yeah I still have your back
well like an hour ago before dinner - I
still have your bags so that I left here
yeah I was thinking about doing so many
things to them when I came home but I
just kept them I couldn't wear your
underwear you did you did hi so we we do
have the tour stuff um we can't announce
right now why can we we can it's on you
I'm even really gonna have a talk and
we'll tell it we're gonna announce very
soon all right come on splits I thought
once I start blogging like a month
all right guys that is it for today I
gotta go I gotta edit and uh yeah that's
it
any last words you want to tell them at
least one city that we're gonna be in we
film one which one um Columbus are we
gonna be in coma yeah yeah we better be
that's one of our you go we got so many
dates man I mean living on a but we're
gonna live on a boxset yes what I need a
date thank you guys for everything we
will see you tomorrow
you are one-of-a-kind your beautiful
smile now I know most people are going
to show up here tonight wearing exactly
what they're supposed to wear either sue
or a nice outfit but I have a different
plan I'm going for comedy right so I
only need approval from two people and
if you guys approve I'm going
you approve how do you do it clown
costumes like really good clown costume
is that a yes
