hey hey what what's up guys welcome what
guys if you missed yesterday's vlog
Lucina are now in Seattle Washington for
our first ever tour together
are you HOT or what look like you're
sour face that is where it gets tough
guys banana pancakes cinnamon swirl
french toast strawberry cream what do
you do where do you go from here eggs
bacon what do you want if you guys don't
know Roman can eat anything on here and
not have to worry about his weight if
you like me you gotta worry is he's
lucky I got pimples though have you no
eyes have you guys ever seen Roman any
weight fluctuation different than he is
right now no you don't know like I never
told you or them but I work out all day
and night doing the guess what I do I
mean it kind of been trend military
affairs I pretty much just run along
what's up how are you what's up Seattle
you guys are awesome we're just walking
into this really interesting place
called gargoyles and I think that my
kids might like one of these what you
think I think this looks like cane right
here I actually picked that one see
exactly should I get cana that looks
cute I don't think he'll like it though
to be honest no he will well I think
Noah would because he has a desk like he
could put stuff oh that's a dope maybe I
get came a little shark I love the floor
of this store is all like dirt leaves
grass so we got a little free time
before tech rehearsal tonight we're
walking around Seattle they got all
these cool little shops here I don't
know where I'm at but one of our main
goals today is go see that needle what's
this based on it was based in it's like
that big tower you see in all the the
shows and stuff where'd you guys get the
suckers man chase you Roman Atwood yeah
man what's up how are you very nice how
you guys doing good good these guys just
asked me what are you guys doing in town
this is your probably the sixth person
on the strip that asked us that
really we're plant we got a live show at
the Neptune no way
yet nobody knows no it's so good but
it's sold out the show sold out but
still nobody knows so weird
what happened every city we're gonna
leave they're gonna be like oh my god no
idea yeah so weird y'all you coming to
show tomorrow uh-oh
what's going on with local promotions
you come to the show all night Oh Roman
girls Uzi I need two tickets - tickets
best available general mission tickets
are not available together in quantity
you requested I ask you something yeah a
serious question you coming to our show
tomorrow night hope you know about our
show tomorrow yeah oh nice okay no it's
completely fine don't be sorry hey guys
we're jumping in a quick override busine
are headed to see the famous Space
Needle that's this guy right here right
Dan have you ever been hired they're
sharks they're sharks at the top the top
yeah damn Daniel so I've always seen
this big guy in movies on TV and
pictures but I've never actually been
here have you been before everything is
the idol I thought you were born here
here we go here we go
now before I find out because I'm very
interested why is it called the Space
Needle that's what I'm gonna ask
I don't know we really we got five
minutes to get up there up to a height
of 520 feet that's about 50 stories I
was facing builders built back in 1962
so that means that over 50 million got
home I've been writing this very ride
since then staring out at the view
you're looking at our oldest residential
neighborhood Queen Anne Hill over to
this guy you've got Elliott Bay we have
a third largest ferry system in the
world and here we are at the top this is
kind of surreal this looks like
something you see in a painting
look at this she got nothing but water
on one side you got the city on the
other side yo fozzy we got to coming
these guys drove five hours miss school
mom let you all know he's got a doctor's
yeah I feel bad for them though lost
their team Romans they drove five hours
to watch you lose wash me what nice I
just happen to capture that that was
beautiful you can't like not flip on top
of the spacing no I can't now I can't
flip
hi I just I just that really messes with
you
oh the move man yeah I didn't know the
whole buildings moving watch it's so
hard to tell we just sat down at the
restaurant here at the space check this
out
put my drink here yo somebody's got to
be teamroman here hey all just just I
said that the end of your video whoa
alright so I got I got half and half
then three verse three or what we can
take home we can take oh hey guys
cane and I made it to Ohio I have just
been working in a small more store all
day trying to get caught back up on all
this stuff from me leaving um and this
is what cane did while I was trying to
get a few things done beads to the whole
living room I did blog yesterday but I
couldn't I had trouble sending the
footage to Roman so it didn't get there
in time and whatever but I figured I'd
show you as what we're up to today
obviously guys I think this is mad at me
he like came home he was so grumpy
yesterday like didn't want anything to
do with us like he routed me once and
like he never does that I think he was
just mad Roman didn't come home you miss
daddy
Oh SUSE this ignoring me do you miss
daddy he's our big baby huh you are baby
do you just miss daddy you miss daddy
I just wanted to give you a quick update
on what we're doing in Ohio we are
cleaning up deeds that's all we're doing
I think for the rest of the night I do
need to make dinner and unpack still but
I think we're gonna be a good hour on
picking up beads so I will see you
as hopefully tomorrow I think I'm gonna
turn blog tomorrow for you and I'll see
you guys then bye we love you all right
all right hi so we just jumped upstairs
real quick grabbed a couple things we
are headed to the venue for our first
real tech rehearsal that's lighting and
sound and this is our first dance I have
to do come to show this will come out to
work that's the work dance what is that
I never seen that day he making that up
let's go in your wildest dreams ah ah
we're walking out with heard there's
already people at the venue which is
crazy they've been there all day
oh I've been you all day job is until
tomorrow right it's just any people at
the menu over there it's you on the
choreo teamroman team ready represent
okay all right call me oh this is just
us coming out of our hotel room what
y'all should feel it real our shows our
shows nothing
a multi-modal challenge so this is what
rehearsal looks like right here guys
this is before seats are even put in or
is this all our seats no wonder we're
sold out so that we have eight seats no
way
all right we've been rehearsing for a
while now we just got stopped and got
what are these say it euro you wrong
euros I've never had one of my life I
love with this your life is about to
change that's beef or lamb or what
that's lamb might be lammle yeah that's
I don't know I got two bites and by the
way very good is that your last bite
uh-huh good for you man good for you we
got a sold-out room tomorrow guys this
place gonna be packed you know it's
gonna happen to me you know what's gonna
happen we're gonna come out we're gonna
come out and once we suck some I come
out i'ma go like this watch filming
what's so see I'm a fan I'm a faint dude
no you aren't you're not ruining the
show by your pranking no not a prank I
mean I'm gonna actually like probably be
so nervous I'm not pregnant
yes so just to be clear when the rocket
went what part of the state what part of
the audience is safe from the Rockets I
don't know I think after three or four
rows are probably pretty good it just
depends if it hits anything so anybody
that was excited for front row jism we
got this yeah it's totally gonna be fine
by tomorrow like you know maybe today at
my vehicle iffy but tomorrow it's gonna
be toning and the Rockets right I'm
delirious if you expected a QA anything
it's gonna be a Q&A no I'm just telling
them if you think that it's a key oh my
god the big show yo I'm a theater major
and I told Roman like this is gonna be a
theatrical masterpiece it's gonna be
something that nobody expects it's
there's actual art involved in the show
yeah I mean like somebody painted piece
are here we go guys it's almost 11:30 at
night and we are still in rehearsal
through this show screw Roman about a
 don't go I hate everything I said
I take back I didn't mean it you're a
bully
babbu see these guys have been waiting
for hours and around the corner - hey
what uh wait where you guys are actually
real you guys know the shows tomorrow
right
wait you know what you has a real people
you guys I've been waiting for six hours
okay
no tickets to the show what we want to
know team Roman or team fuzzy my god do
you know wonderful you got to verse one
I know they go from your blog to your
book so hard for your luck and then go
get closer like it is that everyday like
I can't only seems got the two people
and it's us - all right all right I hope
I got some soldiers out there tomorrow
man hey I'll pay ten bucks to come
support me tomorrow okay okay ten bucks
okay ten bucks all right all right so
they're in for sure they're in in the
show but you know I don't I don't know I
don't know if we have extra seats for
team foo see ya hey I think I think
we're gonna have to bribe up
this is it here we go our first show is
finally tomorrow guys we made it to the
big screen man here we go
all right guys getting back to my room
thanks for hanging out today on friggin
beat it's like 12:30 we got to get up
early last-minute rehearsal before our
first live show guys thanks for hanging
out with me this is a whole new journey
a whole new adventure something I've
never done something I never tried but
I'm all about it man I'm all about
jumping into a new thing a new a new
idea I also can't wait to get the
opportunity to like meet you guys so
many of you go hope you enjoyed today I
sure did awesome people in the city
every single place we went today
there was just somebody that was coming
up and just being so nice and it always
feels good we love you guys
thanks for everything tell me today in
the comments what city would you like us
to come to we're about to announce 30
new cities hit me in the comments it
really will make a difference that's it
guys I love you thanks again you are
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more I want to stick around I gotta go
I'm late I gotta go we got ours
no no you're on a high oh time our
flights in one hour that is a bug I
gotta go I gotta find clothes I have
nothing to wear
you're not leaving my uber is calling me
not
