what's uh hi baby hi baby guys welcome
to the vlog I got my brother his kids
over here he brought me some jumper
cables because this winter if you guys
remembered mine caught on fire we've got
the razor that has been stuck right here
dead battery is toast toast baby bro
kale hey drench that wattle water and it
still works
hope you guys are having a great day I'm
gonna pull up here and jump start this
thing get it back and run in pop it like
it's hot
puppet like it's hot the juicer up we've
been working with garage getting it
cleaned up and emptied out and this is a
whole nother story over here I didn't
show you this yesterday because I wanted
you to think my garage was clean but
really this is just the start man look
at this
my firework older you know these are
called right there birdies birdies
that's right that's what I thought
Britney bomber called shuttlecock shut
up I've heard that I've ever heard nice
my stinky skunk from the skunk prank
mother Zulu there she goes
we're gonna move this car and we're
gonna pull out that that so we can clean
the garage something how long this has
been buried in my garage but we just
open it up and it's a gift it's a big
pinata that says smile more yeah dude
lets you it's for Allah what are we
gonna fill it with this is coming in
from Franklin Franklin I don't know how
this got lost or buried but we're happy
to have it we're definitely gonna get
you said of this guy
don't beat it up do you think it'll hold
it up here that register yeah oh yeah oh
yeah sit oh yeah oh that's good
your make your employees real happy
check out the new addition you're gonna
love it hurricane look he just found it
in a garage and a boss it must have been
in there for it doesn't have a date but
it's been in a long time
no we should fill it with like yeah we
should get a penny on a fill it with
like carrots broccoli celery like
vegetables and then have the kids hit it
eep-eep eep-eep I'm gonna break out now
this thing has been beat to death by my
dog look at this this is literally from
Zeus chasing it so I might as well have
some fun with this guy here we go you
guys know all I needs a little duct tape
and an RC car and we have some fun all
right
decisions decisions what do we want to
put on here Kane those are those those
are the big poppers that you throw down
on the ground and a pop we're gonna
modify this guy a little bit just took
some cardboard to make a flat plate Oh
here we go
Zeus you got a stay don't chase this oh
my gosh um he just wants it so bad
I think he'll be scared of him I think
he's gonna run all right remember on the
back there's no turning back
yeah thought for sure it was gonna hey
look pretty tippy oh that works really
well sweet and my dog chasing good boy
Zeus I say you go bigger bigger
definitely bigger
thank you my god I think could have
handled yeah
pandemonium let's put it back in the
shop we got the easy dismount system
yeah that's nice it's the new model you
say Boeing engineered that mountain did
you was our check oh we got how many
sauces though we got here is a 19 shot
that was a little differently fun did it
was so top-heavy
oh yeah I didn't want to make any so
that's just duct tape huh just duct tape
ha ha this is bad idea number 2 let's
see if it'll pop a wheelie with all that
way oh yeah maybe kids come inside oh
discuss the video
ah it's surprisingly heavy like I'm
impressed that just takes it so well 19
shots all right here we go
ladder up boss here we go another job
well done another safe shot see that's
got to be fun how many people have done
that I don't know I imagine after these
vlogs people have done it okay so while
we have the fireworks out and we're
having fun with them we're gonna line up
these are like these are like exotic you
know the little white bags you buy you
throw them they pop these are like the
adult version of those we're gonna line
up as many as we can and have the kids
hit it with the power wheels that's
that's what father's do that's one so
you can throw them or you can smash them
and they're loud so we're gonna see how
many we can hit bad idea number three do
you want to hit it yeah all right is
this your helmet yeah yeah go get your
helmet and put these on yes you get need
to line it up there's only one flat spot
on this tire so you need to hit that
right there
easy breezy
there's still more do it again you're
down there are you gonna honk at me you
gonna get dinner yeah came like shot try
to hit our fireworks is it well the
whole driveway is covered in random
firecrackers now and dirt look at that
oh my gosh this has fun huh alright so
we all get a little froze out outside
the next thing I'm working on is
actually you've already seen is the
intro of this vlog and two things one is
kind of an annoying little prank for you
guys where I pop up and scary but the
other reason was I wanted to show you
the difference between you guys always
see my fish tank on the vlogs you always
see it it looks like this not too bad
kind of blue washed out but the reason I
want to show you a little bit with this
camera is because it shows you what the
tank actually looks like and it's so
different and I hate even showing it in
the vlog because it doesn't do it
justice so here's a couple clips of what
this camera makes my tank look at so
here's the vlog camera that's what the
blog camera looks like here is the DSLR
all right let's get serious in this
Atwood house all we've been doing today
is what was that I'm not a piggy bank
boy Brittany is making my absolute yes
piggies
no it's not you need it if it was just
cheese she makes these early enchiladas
it's up there
they're like our enchiladas just cheese
and shaking it like it chicken cream of
chicken and sour cream mixed up put
Michelle it makes me melt so she's doing
dinner on what a fun day today's been
awesome I don't really know what I've
vlogged uh but it's been really bad you
wanna he is violent this kid yeah I
swear mom you ever been beaten with
bubbles what's up lo gamer
why are you doing ready for some Dindin
I don't know if you guys remember a
couple months ago I bought a little
cheap computer screen for call of duty
because everyone was saying computer
screens you'll be better it's quicker
refresh rate like it's a head so you're
basically like have an advantage I
bought it now I never used it so we just
so we hooked it up to Noah's laptop
today and now he's he's rolling dual
screens is it weird with that moving to
yes but I couldn't figure out how to put
it back onto the UH get him get him get
up ah
this games crazy oh my god haha oh my
god so except why am I so excited about
this so excited
we're bytes me a little airplane boy huh
so it's my little fan want to do tonight
anything anything like you're thinking
like hey this is what I want to do
tonight Jane you want to clean the house
for me just the whole house that's not
that much no huh
your mother grass you got the all yard
done tonight you guys need me I'll be
working on the couch making sure that
it's working properly for the next time
you guys want sit down yeah I think this
looks awesome
let me see yeah yeah why not so you guys
know Brittany and I failed miserably
this week two days in a row trying to
find outfits for this award show we have
to be at tomorrow in New York City I
think that's great
what think am I gonna wear there big oh
my god well you have other shoes usually
I don't care about this stuff like
honestly I don't care what I wear what I
look like usually I like to look good I
think I look good like everybody but I
don't know it's bothering me this time
okay I want to show you guys something
remember what this coral looks like
right now okay this one the one that
looks like a brain remember what that
looks like right now
I really want to show you guys what this
tank does at night but it's hard to do
it because we're always asleep so
tonight probably cuz were packing for
New York City and stuff I'm gonna show
you what that coral does when all the
lights go out
hi buddy what are you watching who would
have thought there'd be a day we would
watch all of our entertainment on
something this big crazy
what what I mean I'm gonna be gone for
16 days all right no yes yes yes yes yes
let's see shall wear black shirt black
shirt or black shirt I don't know I'm
pretty sure Mama's been stealing my
underwear that's where they all go you
know I think I don't know what happens
to I don't know
small mall look what I found in your
underwear drawer
uh where'd those come from good why are
these in your underwear drawer me Mom
all she parties with my underwear and
then she forgets her glasses I'm sorry
guys I wanted to make this vlog just fun
all day and then we just end up having a
pack tonight so I really know what else
to do and get on my crap we're going to
New York tomorrow and then LA the next
day it's just gonna be a whole bunch of
craziness for the next few days are you
coming with me
you coming with me boy huh I know you
would if you could fit in that bag yeah
I'm gonna miss you too boy I am you
something dude I am gonna miss you all
right last but not least camera
equipment what am I gonna take vlog
cameras chargers cables is always have
like a checklist every time I travel so
many things look at all these chargers
guys we are gonna in there thanks for
hanging out today a fun day with my
brother and his kids and my kids and
Britt and everything is just awesome
hope you guys are staying positive uh
believe me when I say this think
positive
nothing but positive don't worry about
what people are saying behind your back
there's a reason they're behind you just
keep moving forward baby we can do it
together as a team we built a massive
community together and we got this
whatever it is we've got it
oh let's see if that coral changed real
quick the coral I got Shawn the coral
did you already feed him today
um I mean yeah he ate but it's good he
can eat that I mean he'll eat whatever
you give him that's good okay it has
already changed a lot it's not
completely out when you'll get the point
all right you remember what that core
will look like check this out
now look at it what a work of art man
it's beautiful you're a work of art too
honey
and I like when you change it money end
of your game lately come back I've been
on top of a lot of things there's still
there they're gonna be there for life
well did you see the wad of them up
above the TV
no but Kane's been throwing new ones
they're still there whatever who cares
who for know you think that today he did
that today he's a good kid we got a good
chance all right I'm gonna in this vlog
I have to we got to edit finish packing
oh my god she's lost her phone yet she
has literally lost your mind
all right guys that is officially the
vlog we have to enter by put it in a
safe spot like you know I clean my
office so I have a spot
I want my own spot you guys watching the
next two months it will be doors
installed on this office it's not safe
here Zeus you're supposed to be in here
guarding me
okay yeah but he's got that look like
shot ah that stupid robot popping seeing
New York tomorrow guys we love you
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
don't forget that smile more okay we're
in the busiest ball in Columbus I don't
see a single human being in here what
has happened I don't know honey I feel
like something happened
these are actually all people and
they've all been frozen in time what do
you think of my new pair and then they
froze and they alters there's nobody
here three minutes ago this guy was
alive
