what is it flash what is that who is
that what is it John Oh sup boys oh you
brought the Big Dawg a bit kid you it
was there a bigger one flag that's what
you just came with a year supply of
popcorn yo what's going on the hot tub
Brian there's
dirt or soap look what is that oh gosh
dot you don't watch it with dial come on
with some where this guy goes you ready
bring this thing in well I hope to think
Fitz man I'll tell you guys well first
of all welcome to the vlog yesterday we
had kind of an argument with chase that
this would mount on this rack in here
and if it doesn't let me show you that
mounting bracket will fit any TV you can
buy your sure 100% if you ain't got the
regular size it would have been no
problem santahat so here's the only
issue that we're gonna have with this if
any maybe it's gonna be fine hopefully
it will be our TV stan is concreted into
our wall like it's it's literally built
into the house so if this original rack
doesn't fit I don't know what a lot of
duct tape gonna need that duct tape
Brian dude that is a monster TV you see
that stand by the box stand by the box
you're almost as big as the box dude you
can that can be your new four oh my gosh
this thing is so big I never had TV this
big in my life so crazy it's just the
box we left the TV at countries us oh so
just the port for the kids
same way you tricked me on my new bike
yeah I keep open as the old TVs in here
it's just a box think of that 82 feet by
where's your you're not wearing your
mandatory work attire oh man I'd spend
money for you to look good at work there
you go that's it hey hey what do you
think of that I'm not
no that's so you can that's so you can
mount it and then peel those off yeah oh
no it's not gonna fit oh my gosh
so wrong ah so this only goes to 20
inches wat wait what if we just pull
this out movies over what do you mean
you can't do anything we put your mind
to it
find dirt we could probably take it
apart
rig it just hi baby
I heard you crying in there and mommy
Saviour hi Liza what are you doing
where's your daddy what's he doing
cooking cookies I need him
take me to take me hey you remember how
you said that TV mount would just hold
any TV yeah yeah it's four inches too
small so close bro so Brian's gonna run
out and pick up a new hopefully a new
mount we'll rig up to that TV in that
wall it's such a pain cuz it's concreted
in there it's such a good idea while he
does that we got a bunch of fan mail
that just came in it and I knew you guys
been requesting us to do fan mail for a
very long time so let's rip open some
fan mail looks like quite a bit actually
please please open on video got it you
think it's swedish fish I hope not we
have too much of that just start ripping
things over Nicky Harrison that's the
first one and it is beautiful look at
that you guys know we love your art we
do yeah we do all your art goes on our
wall on our store we even started over
here so if I want to do the entire store
every single wall on here would be cool
Harrelson Carroll Oh what is that a
pillow pillow fly you should give it to
flash for his bed Whitney and Alan sends
this awesome son since it's a good day
to have a good day that's a good message
right there oh my gosh it's heavy
Oh who's that one from Brody was so
Brody nobody's in I love if love could
have saved you you have lived forever
that is so cute this one comes in from
Claire 18 years old at bishop diego high
school in Santa Barbara California first
of all this came in like a gun case and
it had locks all the way around he's a
full-on look at this I'm trying to like
figure out a bow I've never I've never
used one he's more like anybody have to
put him together
no instructions no like a Lego kit I'm
sure there's a youtube channel and the
string on first right I've no idea
I say we Google it Google wait is this
this is this you go that way actually
that that does look once they're like
little baby Uggs
it's it's from zebra they must make them
that's awesome yeah get a mom girl look
a onesie
it's like pajamas boxer briefs who sent
these broke but Buddha no you said no
the bone you see me box you see me excel
like do I look that big on the floor
guys it might in my big room he's an
extra small you like that one it's
amazing this one's from Margo it's like
a really cool oceanic smile Moore's
aquarium see when we got going on in
this big old newspaper E box what's this
from when's this brawl I want to see the
date remember 21st 2017 pretty recent
okay what is it
what you got don't cut it don't cut no
way oh my that's one straight my office
dude this is Evan Evan thank you so much
for this splash let's remember him do
you remember him huh
is that cool clean look at dad had even
make that it's just out of splatter you
guys see this it's not a splatter and
they're crazy oh it's Christmas flash
you need a red nose for Barry what are
you doing to me right now
nobody is Jane Doe me embarrassed it
looks good he's almost gonna stretch out
right here and I was gonna notice oh
what a cutie pie you guys know I do a
lot with Traxxas we've had such a good
friendship over the last year and a half
two years we have just there's never
been any money exchanged between us we
literally just do things for each other
like it's a great friendship
there is no partner like there is no
paperwork it's just great company that
supports us we support them they just
sent me a Christmas card in the coolest
Christmas gift because I am doing
something very cool for them coming up
look what they made
this is a custom racing helmet like
absolutely insane Wow
I've never had like a real racing you
know I've never even really been
anything I would you need something
that's nice for maybe a monster truck
this could be use for my own monster oh
we need it this is something you need
and right so Wow unbelievable super
excited especially for the reason that I
need this helmet so Wow little fishie a
custom-made fishing the smile more fish
got lots of Evans lots of Evans today
King give me a kiss give me a kiss Cain
okay this one's just super cool and
inspiring to me this one's coming in
from Johnny green and he's 15 15 he owns
and operates a super small business
called j jg c Kustoms he makes our seats
park-like club look at this he sent me a
custom-made pull out a snow plow for my
traxxas Stampede my truck my RC truck
that is cool then you can plow the
driveway when it snows not he's 15 years
old making a stuff yeah so super
inspiring man keep it up I absolutely
love when you guys you start things you
you have your own companies at a young
age I love that man keep trying I love
this this is cool Johnny Thank You Man
Patrick Patrick McCarthy Patrick McCarty
I believe he sends all he says these are
his he says these were my childhood
comic books and I want no one came to
have them dude there's the entire box of
comic books here oh my gosh dude look at
all these kings yoli's that's crazy what
happened what was it
how did that happen I was gonna fall
over say what to grab it with this handy
that way oh nice
okay so chase may or may not have just
completely redeemed himself on the whole
TV won't fit think you mean to me I'm
not kidding Brian and country been gone
for hours how many hours for hours hours
and hours they have been gone and chase
just walks in and he goes why don't we
just move these bars to this knob
because that's where this is on a
different knob yeah so underneath each
of these screws is the same knob right
here right this is a universal mount
goes for any size TV so you just take
these brackets and move them over and
then they fit oh my gosh dude imagine
they get they get back in the TVs hung
up after all them hours queen of the
world she's like okay I'm gonna go poop
now they're gonna flip FL IP dude the
key they're gonna be here anytime I have
a feeling they're literally gonna walk
in any time flashes here probably so
here's the only catch Brian actually has
one of four mounting bolts because he
took it with him to see if it would fit
the TV now we only have three it'll hang
like for what what okay bad news - bad
things - first bad news is that we don't
have enough bolts to hang it at all
these don't even fit properly second
thing is that they're here they just
pulled up so is a lose-lose anyway but
the good news is you get to you know
right you get to be right you probably
thought I was wrong I was the first one
to say
you and you you did it
where'd you go to Albuquerque to pick
that thing up stay live my gosh horse
country look at it it lines right up
well this is crazy this is just crazy
look look at that it is exactly built
for that TV bro I don't know what
happened while you were gone for six
hours seven hours but that baby fits we
can examine the exam and we didn't take
anything like four different screws wait
these screws right here we inverted it
flipped it stupid we use it the way it's
meant to be used and that is universally
right I kind of break it go ahead go and
tell him these brackets were on this set
of knobs now they're on all this set of
knobs don't say how it was up there
however we still need that because
here's the thing these are about a
quarter inch too short so really all we
need is two dollar bolts yeah how much
was that some bucks yellow country hey
welcome back who did that yes oh no
that's all it came with yeah we're not
even at all this TV mount works perfect
chase figured it out he was right this
whole time
you know oh can I say son I'm gonna be
on to you so time ever I was driving I
took upon myself to watch the video that
uploaded and he was like I swear to you
I know for a fact that TV's gonna fit
though it's nighttime so oh so when we
measured that are you working right now
are you on the clock you're not wearing
the proper attire how it was up there
what I'm not fed that wasn't the
argument come on man this is you guys
his last opportunity to pull this off
stores will be shut I was just a wing
made a wheel man thing is we talked
about that moving that mount out and
what you told me face it goes country
I'm the one that does the bill we're all
full now because we have made our words
all right you just got a mint defeat hey
Kate says don't drop it
good advice little man we take the legs
off after a parent oh my gosh dude I
can't lift I can only guy I can get in
the middle and after blog dude that
looks so scary you kidding oh my god
somebody's fingers is all over it chase
whatever you're doing you're doing it
just just hold it there you got it
boom well that's like weird
yeah hold the antenna why they call him
the Candyman
that's why they call him the Candyman
yeah go eat you can have one monster
okay guys jumping in to the rest of the
vlog thanks for hanging out with super
successful day getting that TV up is
moving time it is move it's a perfect
time to sit with the kids watching
Christmas movies to settle down relax we
love you thank you so much for being
part of our vlogs every day we have a
great streak going right now which is
you know rare for this channel over the
last year so thank you so much for being
a part of it everything we do thank you
you see you tomorrow
you are beautiful you are one of a kind
smile more
you
