I
hi juice hey baby
hey john-boy how's the hot chocolate boy
love it the good making your eyes go
crossed this is this is what your jam
into this woman yeah this is Spice Girls
how many you guys even know what Spice
Girls are we found a solution to our
problem we're going to yesterday's vlog
we explained how screw to where we have
the Shorty Awards on Monday in New York
City and we have nothing to wear I mean
nothing to wear so we're going to go
drop the kids off Noah is going to go to
Owens and Keene is going to your mom's
yeah it's completely snowing outside
yeah it's completely snowing
what do you plan em called double action
Boogaloo
what's up Owen are you about ready you
going to Owens he's coming over he'll be
over soon
so what kind of just getting started
around here today we had a you know
completely opposite of what we were
supposed to do today we were not
supposed to go out and try to find
outfits like we have no choice so I just
actually got the blog up from yesterday
I'm wrecked on that and I'm able to
start today hope you guys are having a
phenomenal day man I don't care what
time it is let's make today awesome
maybe you're just going to bed I hope
you sleep perfect have a great dream
wake up conquer tomorrow if you just
start your day let's go together let's
make it a positive one man think
positive I know it's tough people are
always trying to bring you down
let's lift people up man don't worry
about what they do do you aah get him
Zeus get hahahaha he's not gonna save
you uh he just wants to play
you know what I love about the spring
the beautiful weather man like hmm
all set already ready to rock no and
I've been working on this garage getting
it cleaned up emptied out we have so
much this is almost all trash I mean
there's some things that aren't trash
but big trash pile this wheel is
squeaking like crazy I don't see
anything like visually but it's loud
like I like I'm not driving it it's loud
it's embarrassing Hey we'll be back boy
we'll be back whoo whoo feels good to
have our new garage man actually getting
used out of it we haven't used it really
it's still not even done to have to come
in like trim it out and all kinds of
weird stuff but Ohio what are you doing
why are you doing this I don't get it
so no one I are taking off I'm gonna
drop him off at his buddy Owens Brittney
is taking Kane to her mom's and then
we're gonna go out and try to find crap
that we need for Monday trying to tell
it's much fun without
playing video games all day close and I
hit my I'll see you in just a bit I love
you
oh the snows not gone so how many days
are you gonna let go by how much time
are you gonna let pass before you start
doing whatever it is you want to do
think about it so I am meeting Brittany
at the car lock you guys watched
yesterday's vlog we we borrowed a new
SUV to like try it out
but I don't think we fell in love with
this a little too small for us she
should be here any time there she is
what you want a party who thinks it is
ridiculous I can you know I mean it's
fun I'm enjoying it a little bit
what alright guys you know the first
thing we got to do eat get eat you gotta
eat this rot survival at this point we
don't want to us trying to survive let's
matter what happened Noah hit his head
on the visor you'll be okay
Jeannie kisses you soon is it better now
yeah ah split an appetizer
our very first meal ever together we
split an appetizer strip a little table
just like that it was I feel like I've
told that story before
well that's true sister and I don't
think we ate because we were too nervous
we did we look like chicken food
these guys are making fun of us for
vlogging what's up you guys watch the
blogs oh nice oh you guys are all CG
person she gets recognized a lot oh my
mom who the peas be crazy paint limo
I guess we're bouncing out of there with
just a real fast look at this look at
this place
we're going down other than stopping for
food which we usually hate to do we
always have to do it finding an outfit
it's one of my like I hate it it's not
fun
I don't like it how do you girls love
shopping I don't get it actually I like
online shopping well it's turned into
that I'm guilty that I'll jump on belly
what's out there that I can look at but
I can never find never buy anything
oh I obviously just forgot to check how
yeah there's your dream car baby right
there what's the matter don't you go
give it a hug hmm I'm talking about the
Ford over here right look at all them
rings in there
alright so we just landed at a place
called the player small and this is like
our nice small this is where you go
it's the biggest mall we have I think oh
yeah it's big it's like a couple stories
three stories tall but we don't know
this MA oh I know the mall in LA better
than I know my own mall so I don't know
where to go or even where to go or even
where to go right now
oh my life changing your life for change
in this Bay too distracting we got to
work we got to work no dry shampoo so
just okay hey you explain what is dry
shampoo
cause girls don't wash their hair
everyday so you just created it takes
the grease out of it is that true ladies
don't wash your hair everyday I offered
every other
that's why some days you smell like
flowers and a smart group actually it
smelled better than my ship all right so
far we've done everything but fine
outfits this looks like where you take
your kid to bacteria lies them what like
to prepare for end of times right here
this is this I'm just jealous it looks
like a lot of fun okay we're in the
busiest mall Columbus I don't see a
single human being in here what has
happened I don't know honey
I feel like something happened
these are actually all people and
they've all been frozen in time what do
you think of my new part and then they
froze and they alters there's nobody
here three minutes ago this guy was
alive why was she even sitting up there
though that's what I want to know you
know I honestly used to look at shoes
and I'd be like why is this shoe $1,200
but then I realized these shoes make you
jump higher they make you run faster
they make you a superhuman oh my god I
need trade in one of the cars and you
can get all right we're literally
counting our losses okay here's here's
the big issue right now if anybody's out
you know what I'm talking about every
store is full of prom dresses prom prom
stuff no that would be funny though ha
ha ha prom award show if anybody's just
like tuning into these vlogs we have an
award show Monday in New York City that
we're supposed to wear something cool
and fun and nice and we just can't find
it one of the things about where we live
is everything's very uh like how do you
how do you say it commercial it's very
like cut and paste like everybody has
the same every store has the same
clauses like you can't go find unique
stuff it's all the same so I don't do
very well well with that like I like
weird stuff unique stuff so yeah
Brittany's just lost her mind she's
broke you can't even speak say something
what's your name
we were screwed yesterday we're really
screwed today look at that sunset hey
little man somebody what it really going
at it they're really going at it oh my
gosh this is our old couch you guys
remember this couch and rolled out on
our new house this was it
at least you covered it my god these
dolls gosh I'm afraid to even get in
there yeah have fun
what is this 30 year old racetrack this
is 30 years old this is awesome
oh yeah oh these were good I'm roasting
your potatoes boy
what do you think of him I remember
these tracks so well man my cousin
Nathan used to have so much of this
track we would just build like massive
areas oh God
oh geez quit cryin quit cryin pain I
hear you hey cane cane who is this who
is that what do you mean me my hair's
way different than that Wow okay look at
me
that's mommy but I'm sorry I said look
it's mommy
yeah wow it does a lot like him what's a
lolli cane all right we're headed back
home we just picked up cane and we
lost Noah he I knew that I know I knew
it was gonna happen even I even said it
before I talked to him I was like watch
he's gonna want to spend the night with
Owen right I said that and the first
thing I called him and I was like yo
tell no I'm 20 minutes away instantly
had a text dad no and he stand tonight
without also I remember being that age
all I wanted to spend the night with my
friends every night I possibly could so
I think I lived at my friend's for a
while yeah absolutely so uh please see
me per week since I remember that
feeling of like having asked my parents
I'm usually okay with it it's like I I
miss you I love you bye have fun so
normally we'd come back to the house and
beg yell at straighten up real quick
before we start vlogging so it looks
better for you guys but today this is
the real outlet house baby you gotta
finish you want finish this banana hey
cane Hey come finish your banana come on
yeah dude I got something for you won't
believe what it is are you excited yeah
you get to clean up all your cars for
daddy
yeah I don't want to do a lot of things
but you need to do it we walked in we
walked in and everyone was like Oh smell
like a big old big old bad one it's
chicken from like Brittany put chicken
in the trash and left it Seoul place
smelled like a nuclear power plant so
we're all helping up get this place
cleaned up and reset for this you do it
it's all done almost an awesome feeling
a really good feeling is when you clean
at night whether it's your bedroom or
your house because when you wake up in
the morning you wake up and it's done
it's fresh it's I love it
take me so many hours because I'd clean
and then I'd find like really old stuff
and I just start going through it or
like really don't mouth dump him out oh
oh I'm so modest with oh okay
oh that was awesome hey let me turn the
lights off
you didn't light up oh you glowing now
you couple now well they're easy to find
you guys have no idea how good it feels
and it's really because of how much you
guys hit this movie that I just went
onto my playstation not knowing
I just went to new movies to rent new
movies to rent lay that on the top page
did how cool is that
I'm so proud of them dude I honestly I
seriously was like I'm gonna sit on the
couch and and find a movie and it's in
the top page guys it's so unbelievable
okay you can turn the lights back off I
was just I just got caught up and it's
craziness over here thank you guys thank
you again for supporting this movie and
just everything we do the only reason
I'm putting this in the vlog there's a
part of me it's like don't put this in
the blog cuz you guys might get mad at
me because I people hate success people
hate success that's the only reason I
don't want to put what I just showed you
in the vlog people naturally don't want
to see other people succeed but there's
a part of me that wants to remember this
in the future I want to remember that
one day I had a movie that was popular
on every social platform it's crazy
nice earrings is he's like but Meyers up
whatever my hmm
you lose alright guys we will see you in
one second we're gonna watch a movie
we're actually gonna watch the new
Mission Impossible I haven't seen it
they all told me to watch it so I'm for
an action yeah we were gonna do the
revenant but we heard that it's too much
for uh for Oh he'd be sleeping in our
bed till he was 12 but I really want to
see it
so here we go I'll see in a second
one movie later
I don't do it
of course he's out good movie great
movie actually what are we sleeping
because this just that making just once
again I didn't say goodbye last night so
here I am thank you for everything I am
so incredibly happy with so many things
and and most of them all linked back to
you guys and what you do for us and how
you hang out with us through the boring
vlogs through the fun vlogs you're
always you're supporting and I just
can't say it enough so thank you try to
go one full hour today 1/4 hour is not a
negative thought without anybody
bothering you no matter what go one hour
happy think positive man negative mind
never has positive results you gotta be
positive trust me I promise you be good
to your parents parents have some fun
with your kids
we here at our house love you guys we
will see you tomorrow
thanks for everything smile more you're
friggin beautiful
I wish or the staff is snowed I'll be
right back nothin mean
