hey guys welcome to the vlog sorry about
no blog yesterday some of you probably
even noticed until I just said that it
probably what do you mean you didn't
upload you didn't I didn't upload
yesterday we are in a little test drive
this is a test drive car hi buddy
had a rough day basically we're trying
to actually Brittany's trying to replace
her white Chevy Cruze that we've had
forever and you guys know we bought the
truck for work and it's turned into like
our family vehicle the trucks cool but
you have just enough gas to get to the
next gas station you basically drive gas
station to gas station us we're looking
for a family car we're test driving one
of these today pretty cool nice
comfortable little I don't know it might
be a little small for us so anyway we
didn't do a vlog yesterday we got so
much done that we got our taxes done
which is this sucks I hate taxes it's
the worst part of everything
freaking winner again it snowed last
night I was snowed I'll be right back I
mean it is random goose Britney knows
and I don't know maybe I've told you
guys this in the vlog Britney knows
there's only one thing it goes straight
through me like I can handle a lot like
I don't get mad about that like a lot of
things I can just handle but the horn
honking oh it goes right through me like
I can meet so I can be the happiest guy
on play like woo if she honks and it's
just like Pierce's me yeah laughter you
look like that's it
that's a good look you ready go eat I'm
starving
I've been better minimum
we get that door let me get that my
buddy my buddy my buddy even sound like
you guys remember that commercial you
remember my buddy
I remember that I know his kid sister
too right yeah because we're old that's
why you don't know what that is yeah why
you sleepy
this one little go sleep try it take
just the top part and you tear it off
like that you pull it out and then you
glow you look
just stay right there but you can always
tell when I go to a restaurant hungry
because I film the food after I've eaten
it my little boy is just sleepy today I
leave this kid hiding under my jacket
boo boo boo boo Wow is snowing again
it's April no joke I remember snowing on
my brother's birthday May 7th in May it
was like the latest I remember snow in
Ohio yeah hi hi oh
he'll be back to the cane that we all
know disturbing and really better than
most you guys know that Monday we are
going to New York City for the Shorty
Awards and thanks to you guys I've been
nominated and you guys voted and it's
just crazy so we'll be there Monday in
New York City for that which is cool
it's exciting I've never been nominated
for a shorty awards so something new and
fun and excited see if I can sneak out
I'm gonna sneak out she's gonna let him
sleep a little bit
see in a minute but that last long cane
beat me in here and he's gonna do four
stripes shears and two lightning bolts
can can you fit that on there he comes
up with all this on his own by the way
see he's genius it's a genius genius it
was he was blessed with my amazing so
that's why I always wear my hair up cuz
it hides it when I wear it down is one
part this is crazy
I get it
okay four strips you want 11 stripes on
the side right 11 for for late 1 5 7 11
right is that 11 but we're out of there
dude your hair looks so much better than
mine you can't just get pierced all that
on my Gaga here Oh over my jacket
that's me so itchy can just skip past
that I don't really want to remember me
getting my hair cut it's cool to watch
kings in the future like 10 years from
now I can watch and get that haircut
it's cool
I love it you look like a rock star
you feeling better let me see the other
side wow wow wow let me see both sides
no besides your head lightning bolts and
stripes baby you look great hey so what
do you think of our new card in just
picked up now by the way what do you
think
Oh what do you mean it's brand-new he
just got it you don't think it's ours
he thinks it is how is that you would
even think that what that that it's just
out a canyon closer she's born after
giving he was all right guys warping
over to my brother's house we got mom
and dad here the whole fam and we
actually went out for buddies dad's
birthday with all their family picked up
some stragglers on the way what up I
don't cheese vlog camera means everybody
attached all right now where's my belt
buckle my belt buckle me you know what
I'm dying I'm not in my computer room
I'm on me the way no what is this you
want to see you want to see what this is
about
what is this you want to see what this
is all right here's got a belt buckle
for you what is it it's not a boat
buckle who told you that I got a little
birdie flu in my house
you've already seen it
I actually it lady what's this a
thank-you from Dale that one that's my
other one right one that's my giveaway
gently say thank you for my brother
here's the correct one and see it lets
see it
that's your logo how's this work well if
your work yeah well I'm a belt here let
me let me get the camera in there oh
okay
all right share your YouTube pride and
that's what you do for living
boom BAM did you just it just said a
thousand words she'll wear this to my
Warshaw monday yeah yeah take a little
like white paint paint that in what do
you really want like a little play
button or gold maybe go bling it out I
was gonna go fight it I wasn't gonna
give it to you yet but now it's a little
found out about it
they are gold and you get these at 6
million subscribers appear and we got
just random breasts Brett breakfast food
on the table yeah so it was a
ultra-feast breakfast edition and I
thought you guys were eating and I
messed it everything I missed it hmm how
come we don't a trip on prankster
pancakes oh come on man
I just showed up I had a buddy I missed
it
there you go I like that idea Darth is
Darth is that since we're gonna eat
those tomorrow dad Vader you gotta say
I'm your father to say it with your
tongue out Roman Rome boy no father
yeah what do you think of that mom
Connor and Grandpa this ruin your panic
look at Papa okay we off to the next
spot off to the next spot oh this is
Noah's where's my iPod what is real life
thank you you stare at your screens all
day I do the same thing I'm guilty I am
so bad cool we've been warping
everywhere today like such a random day
and the kids have fallen in love with
you oh I didn't tell you guys I clean
the office check it out boom yesterday
was a productive day
I just got forgot where to hey stop I
don't wanna hang things I got all these
cool posters and new things coming in
Roman receipt or that's one prankster
well I know you like it they literally
just keep sending me stuff like they
sent me headphones with my face on it
they sent me a backpack they just keep
sending me stuff a Gibson guitar that I
put you know what I've seen a lot of you
guys say you've seen that that video on
like pre-roll ads on YouTube like I
think it's so cool I never knew that but
that's that's the guitar used in that
prank it's gone
all right were you two sleeping outside
on the porch it's rainin it'll be fun
it'd be a good vlog right go out we
sleep in the rain we survive we live off
the land that come on dude I do it yeah
I know you would in a heartbeat
calling you in I would sleep up here on
well it's not raining up here dude
Carson are you asleep outside with me
Lorraine I'll sleep with you thank you
guys all right calling you man come on
dude be so fun it's only cold boy an
hour and then you go numb and you don't
even feel it you guys can sleep in this
room
or ball pit room all day room we will
sleep in the ball room
yeah this came in like I wanna see the
boo boo boo I don't know man I don't
know you know what's bad about sleeping
in this room oh it's the big snakes I
heard oh man yeah what dude I don't make
jokes
you know I've only seen one poke hot as
hell look look I'm a I'm a fun guy
all right I tried to give you guys
everything you've ever dreamed of but
it's bedtime and as a father I gotta lay
the rules down all right you know when
it's time to playing you know when it's
time to not play right now oh this is it
my play case get out Danny yeah you guys
know how you look at your iPod and you
see the percentage you guys too and you
see it going down yeah and when it hits
10% you hit that like worry what if you
can see your battery life in real life
but if you can see but if you can see
your life as a percentage
you can see your hunger you can see your
health
but what if you could see your life as a
percentage what would you do if your
last 10% like die I want in zero I just
took this totally but what all I'm
trying to say is if you could see your
last 10% what would you do with it
that's today's comments all right guys
we got a little bit of a problem
I got a problem Zeus do you want to hear
it do you want me to tell you what you
know I thought this was my dress
yeah it's toner laser - all right we got
two problems at least we have the same
problem okay so Monday we fly to New
York City for the Shorty Awards which I
have nothing to wear that's the problem
I have nothing to wear I don't either
now I looked up pictures and most people
are in suits like nice Blazers and I
don't own any of that I don't have that
I've never needed it now I'm starting to
like go to these things that I have to
wear stuffs I don't know what to do what
are we gonna do
and we flying to New York with just
enough time to go to the show like we're
not hanging out and we're flying
go to hell get ready yeah exactly have a
little bit of panic attack your dress
could still come tomorrow Saturday
deliver it no way
what do you mean just stuff delivers on
Saturdays you could just wear ink toner
I'll just wear this here's the top and
here's the bottom but but soon as sounds
really stupid I know you guys are like
whatever do but seriously I have nothing
to wear like red carpet stuff now you
gotta wear like a suit on boards times I
just don't wear that so maybe I just
find something fun I don't know wait ah
no you know time
why don't you want to listen to my story
why don't you want to hear it he is
tired he's like let's just go to bed
something cool about this dog is he will
not be in a room without me
so if I'm out here editing till 3:00
4:00 a.m. he's right there at the couch
come up to you look at you like can we
just oh yeah
no what no he talks to me doesn't tell
you that no speaks to me when you're fed
apart we're gonna go check the store oh
it's nasty
dang it Ohio oh my god huh you got the
wrong key hurry baby hurry so it snowed
today it snowed last night we're
supposed to get an inch of snow tonight
maybe I doubt that's gonna happen but
they say maybe come on Barry
come on bed reason whoa Wow we got a
trash problem what's this paper buckets
containers bags
oh no dresses you know what we haven't
done in this building yet let's say whoa
what makes it so special
it's like the it's a tribe line but it's
the workout workout these are something
like I don't know about this color I
like that but this yes have to go if you
really want school zip up
I actually like it look it's a picture
of us from the beach yeah I was never I
know
yeah that's picture westrom of each oh
that's the frame
okay this was something special for you
guys to have watched through this crazy
vlog this frame are we doing weekly or
monthly twelve a year or 52 a year I say
to do weekly weekly weekly
okay so this would be a good time we
were I had no plans to do this today
actually I was going to treat me
completely accidental okay so this frame
is going in our smile more shop and this
is are we calling it fan of the week are
we calling it soldier of the week are we
calling its mom or supporter of the week
I don't know what it is
um yes a fan of the week fan of the week
friend of the week our best love of the
week okay for all you guys out there
gonna be our love of the week so here's
the goal we want to feature you guys
once a week so basically the fan of the
week it's a smile more photo of you so
it's you wearing a t-shirt it's you
holding up a sticker it's you on the top
of a mountain with your smile more flag
whatever it is we want to feature it in
our building every week we're gonna
switch that picture out right and at the
end of the week we sign it and Emily
ship it to you there you go that's cool
so it's like but do they want to sign
picture themselves well it's cool they
were fan of the week and we signed it
like yeah okay you guys helped us design
this right now it's a mess we're trying
to do fun things to involve you guys and
interact with you guys especially with
the smile more brand it's it's such a
cool movement for us and we see you guys
jumping in on it and I want we want to
feature you so let's start it right now
if you have a picture a cool pic I want
these to be cool not like I see you guys
you're like got my smile more shirt
today and you're like this no like I
want like cool photos man like ah yeah
anything we'll start with that if you
have cool photos send it now anywhere
hashtag smile more merch
smile more store hashtag smile more
story yeah help us guys let's go so dark
let's fight this fight how could you
leave me inside
sisqó swine I ordered it didn't even
place the order for your dress well I
went on my email to see if I could get
the tracking and the email says don't
wait too long you forgot something
I click and I said return to your bag
and I was like wait what
you didn't even place the order well we
both have nothing to wear all right guys
it's time to go we have both uh-oh both
we got figured out I forgot what we're
gonna do so you ready for bed look at
you know you wants to play ball we will
see you guys tomorrow thanks so much for
hanging out with us today I know I know
crazy vlogs weird vlogs warped blogs we
have both uh we actually had a long time
today we spoke together privately about
um you know getting back to it I think
just being on the tour and getting back
home and smile more and kids and we just
kind of lost focus for a second um so we
were both talking like let's get back
into the vlogging and focus on showing
you guys our day so we're gonna try
better I don't want to make any making
excuses what it sounds like
no that's what it sounds like but it's
true that's we really we really talked
about that today though it's hard to
film your life every day it is but we
can do it we've done it I know we just
need to get back at mindset hey guys we
love you um a little refresher on today
that I want to play with in the comments
fan of the week helped us develop that
because I think it's super fun and I
wanna I wanna I'm gonna show off a fan
of the week um what would you do with
your last 10% that's brutal oh that's
thick it's deep um what was there's one
more thing if they like this might wash
the budding tank top
oh you have a small Mohideen tank tub
you can throw in a little vice on that
and alright that's it
love you guys thanks for all the support
and love and we'll see you tomorrow
smile mwah you're beautiful
you
