hey guys welcome to the channel good
morning I love you my body this is for
you don't forget your loose nice little
vlog camera how did I guess you'd only
have one sock on give me a hug I love
you more than anything in this world so
today we're splitting up for a little
bit Brittany and Kane are gonna actually
try to vlog for you guys on their end
and I'll be taking you on my little
journey so I love you goodbye love you
can oh I love you you follow mommy today
I'm jealous you get to be with her
hey how are you man good hey did you
miss me now he's already in muffin I
think yeah hey oh my gosh look at these
things Wow here we go here we go let the
journey begin
alright guys so today we're taking you
on a completely new journey not YouTube
not a movie it's it's a live show
if you don't live shows I have I'm a
theater major yet really yeah so you're
good and good I'm nervous
guys I'm really nervous I want to bring
you along on this this trip thank you I
want to bring you along on this crazy
trip behind the scenes what it's like
you know I'm actually nervous it's gonna
be nervous for every show even when I
did like shows back to back to back you
get nervous but that's good it means
you're gonna do something great another
reason I'm nervous is all the shows are
already sold out except San Diego
why San Diego now so that's so weird
well my grandmother said and she doesn't
like to buy things online we're here to
get a door oh so you think I might wanna
take them now you guys are Internet you
guys are internet I love the Internet
all right guys here we are this is the
studio where we'll be shooting um if
you've ever been to a live show or
you've seen a live band they got big TV
screens on the stage videos playing you
know whatever it is that's what we're
seeing our filming today we have big TV
screens on the stage and they'll be
interactive so when you guys come to the
show you'll actually see things on these
big screens that's kind of what we're
doing right now as much as we came out
the shoulders so we're gonna have big
floating heads on stage yeah boss The
Wizard of Oz perfect the loading heads
on stage should I upgrade my vlog camera
in one of these you want to carry the
baby how long's a battery lasts on that
uh about nine half well that's pretty
good actually
ready yeah yeah so you know big floating
heads awesome
don't explain something to you guys
because this is really funny it just
caught me off guard when yusuf said all
right we're about to start filming what
do you want to film there were six days
away from the show we haven't don't make
it sound bad we know it do man but we're
just doing it yeah dude I love my barber
he's amazing but he look have you guys
been seeing this no I think that's just
you know what you didn't notice we
shouldn't chop this off are you really
so good yeah it's perfect now yeah dude
oh geez maybe you should show the show
the back of my shirt showing I'd flip my
shirt is it gonna cut my cut my head on
oh yeah is it look guy looks like a
judge tell them what you're about to do
so I'm gonna be a floating head you guys
will see it you come to the show I'm
gonna be floating onstage so and it make
me flip that's my next turn in it let's
get it light or maybe focus right on
this corner the light
okay right where I am right now no
problem my dress is throwing me off hey
little stud muffin
you ready to go get Laurie Wow it's
raining in a way it never rained it away
in LA we were supposed to go to the park
so now what are we gonna do
we're gonna go get Kim's haircut now and
hopefully it's done raining while it's
so light out and we'll get to go to the
park okay room is so much fun
matter one get your hair cut yeah Kate
who loves you
oh you know that he's so sweet you
didn't want to donate your hair Brittany
that's a my wake up we thought your
chopping off eight inches for real
you're gonna get a haircut but you get
so good-looking just got water and water
okay let me just do oh hey look over
here look in the middle row visit in
this morning tried to sign it over here
before I'm done what do you think came
do you like that look at you buddy
Louie how do I get no yeah Boudreau so
far away to go to a kids haircutting
place Kane sat in a regular chair so now
that we're in Santa Monica
we're gonna go to swingers which with
this one of our favorite places and
Laurie picked it so I was like okay I'm
down awesome let's go
so some time has passed and dude look at
this
what is that what's up my friends what's
up my friends look at these guys I want
to wear these is that a helmet Oh
each other this well look at me this guy
I'm showing them we're gonna use what we
didn't use cuz we care about them
yuk yuk they got lucky they got lucky
Roman had a heart letter you guys
probably don't know this but I am a
professional piano player this thing's
got dust all over it
Oh what you think what you think you
want to drop a beat while I play all
right
good here we go here we go here we go
falling down falling down London Bridge
is falling down all day oh here we go
one more time lost it I thought you're
gonna drop a beat that's like an actual
song all you did was copy and paste so
we just wrapped on today we shot all the
video we need for the tour which is
gonna be so fun I hate not being I'll
show you guys everything but look it's
raining in Los Angeles I tried to get
out of this environment and just keeps
following me around it's not snow and
plus when you're thirsty and get little
drink well house a good day man that's a
good day what you got there boy
I got a some bullet did evil it even
looking at it big boy
boy yeah you know you say that like I
don't say that yeah I think might be in
a hollow thing hey there boy
oh this is nice bigger sweetheart we get
that door for you Thank You Chuck for
the river
we're going to run for Gisela came and I
didn't bring sweatshirts or an umbrella
my god we didn't put money in the meter
you're such a rebel do illegal things oh
my gosh how did we not get it take it
we've been here for like an hour and a
half thank you Santa Monica please which
is crazy because there's so many of them
I don't know how freaking were so lucky
the gun mm-hmm Kate how to poop like
really like had to poop it's a pullover
hiding somewhere with bathroom it's this
cookie shop so we go in do you have a
bathroom just like yeah so I go and let
him go and then of course I'm gonna buy
some things I'm not just gonna go use
the bathroom there cookies are like a
dollar 25 so I'm like okay I'll get two
I felt so bad because it's so cheap so
cane is nicely and joined he's cooking
in the back seat I got wine and he got
Laurie wine with a heart on it Laurie we
got some bananas peanut butter and jelly
goldfish you saw me yeah oh man yeah can
you mean you don't wanna wear Laurie's
head man ah it's sweet like yeah just
getting back to foo C's place man I like
your place - this is nice hang speakers
set up whoo fancy look at this be
kidding me
I don't have one of these this is that 1
billion plaque unless he don't say yeah
let's go
Oh cuz I got shoes on I can't shoes on I
respect that
I'll respect that I'm used to my Ohio
home and we just run rapid filled with
snow and as are people like you do stuff
like that where it's like I'm like take
your shoes off you're gonna go down it's
fine do my socks are dirty that my shoes
were yeah well yeah Roman Atwood blog
cribs whoa this is what here's the
office yeah whoa this is the guest room
when you come Wow
at you a balcony got your walk-in closet
after the bathroom should just stay here
man
k what up King would babysit the dogs
all day oh wow dude this place is huge
oh stop barking I just realized it
rained all over that you got a nice
little puddle that's a hot tub now you
got like four living rooms in this place
Roman verse tour sold out sold out
sold out sold out
San Diego what's going on San Diego my
grandma's a nigga I always get tweets
San Diego loves you guys but this is it
a big big it's a huge venues a huge like
follow me your elbow a theater in San
Diego guys if you're in San Diego
there's still tick if you want to see us
it's the only place available so if you
want to see a San Diego hit it it's only
um six seven eight nine ten days away
I'm so pumped to meet you guys I'm
literally so excited after rehearsal
today after everything we did guys get
to see me destroy Rome in enrollment
rich one night only in San Diego
you can't destroy destroy I think you
forget what the show is all about game
all I'm gonna say guys is if you want to
see us on tour I'm gonna put the link
top of this description check it out San
Diego go smash it
see you there it's a big beater by both
eater yeah makes traveling arrow go
we're announcing the next 30 cities on
that website too so they can stay up
today there you go
all right cool Brittany just got here
with Kane and we're gonna go find some
different yeah yeah yeah hi buddy
look at that hair man really care looks
like a million trillion bazillion
dollars how was your day
how's your day hey Laurie yes have fun
yeah you're in the car must've this
traffic guys I can't even right lane it
to you one two seventy you're getting so
good at a game you see I love your shirt
did you get that today we have a
matching shirt yeah an umbrella well
it's a good day for it
we brought the Ohio with weather with us
and so we're trying to find something
we're trying to find something eat right
now what do we settle on I don't work
that's great
no worries Kane I'm coming under here
with you hold it up fold it up oh it's
gone well we figured out the best time
to go out in LA when it's raining so go
out on a date nobody's out you can hold
hands in public slow ditch through this
shot that girl look at me are you eat my
food you offered what are you talking
did you guys hear me ah yes wait you
said you're gonna take that - no - I
know my culture we don't lose our I just
missed you today
I miss Noah - hey won't you
Oh
how is it man
hey chill I I'm enjoying myself
good celebrating her birthday huh okay
we going to eat are you hungry I'll see
you tomorrow
how would it break it what I still got
food on my face see in the morning oh
yeah you remember going there that place
is cool that lease is cool whoo
that building look at that place that is
wild guys we love you so much thank you
for everything my friend face won't stop
I have a theory guys hear me out I think
it's the hairspray I sleep on my pillow
the hairspray gets on the pillowcase and
then I get cuz I sleep on the side it's
always I don't know I'm crazy I hope you
guys enjoyed the little bit of mix of
vlogging Britney me that's all I got I
love you so much we will see you
tomorrow thanks for everything
your beautiful smile we are buried in
the driveway trying to get to Los
Angeles this morning and we are stuck so
we're moving luggage getting in the
truck good morning pal we're up before
mr. sunshine is up where's the Sun honey
for your birthday I'm taking you to the
sunshine
it's sad
