hey guys what is up we are buried in the
driveway trying to get the Los Angeles
this morning and we are stuck so we're
moving luggage getting in the truck good
morning pal we're up before mr. sunshine
is up where's the Sun honey for your
birthday I'm taking you to the sunshine
grandma fire suck I know but I don't
what to do
cane you ready for some sunshine yeah
we're off to the airport guys we're
going to Los Angeles today and yeah we
uh it has been a rough morning I know
probably doesn't seem like it it's a
happy family here happy guys happy
birthday honey happy birthday let's get
the sunshine look at some palm trees
hope you guys are having a good day
we're getting out of this place I'm
sorry Ohio we're getting out here they
can always get worse there they are can
you see him
you guys are probably wondering why
didn't you just take the truck in the
first place you want to got stuck well
that's because grandma has never driven
the truck are you are you gonna be all
right it's a monster truck you know like
what like ease running cars over ready
come here Oh on off easy yeah you got it
get out of here you're gonna make it see
ya you'll love it
hi oh boy oh boy
she's never she's never driven that
truck she's freaking out we are like
record late right now do we make it
what do you mean 30 minutes three
minutes
very minutes okay you better sweet-talk
these ladies all right you do that thing
with your eyes another one well long
story short we made our fight in yes oh
that's how you make an entrance
mommy's birthday check the whole plane
sing happy birthday
courting is not complete if you do not
wish to travel for office yeah you
remembered all the numbers
is that what you want to borrow
everything honey what this is your
birthday present
oh you're a hundred thousand ducks what
are we gonna do enough ha
this guy's going to spray our plane off
if you guys never have flown in this
kind of weather you have to get the ice
it's where they spray all the snow and
ice off your plane you see all the snow
on our wing uh-oh
spraying us good thing we got this Widow
Oh
you
oh it's warm it's warm run to the Sun
I've never seen the inside of a baggage
drop look at this
look at that it's on all the wheels
that's pretty cool huh let's go look at
one that's finished and you'll see what
the difference is and this is one that
works
oh my god beautiful out here well here
we are guys we made it to LA the famous
I don't know what this is called I've
seen it a million times it's still a
load it's called I just think a grand
theft auto when I see it cane you got to
be the best little flyer I've ever met
my life it's so good it's so good no
complaints just hung out he's like our
little buddy
I slept two hours and I edited
yesterday's entire vlog on the plan
I don't know how to tell you this my
gosh a little birthday present what you
think
like your mom I kind of like this better
than the work it is your birthday
but ain't no Lambo but it's Mama's car
you good with this insight plus we can
put our bags in here all the inside is
different than Momo's yeah a little bit
all right we got us a car baby happy
birthday all right guys we're out of the
airport we got ourselves a car now we
just need to get you some birthday
cheesecake no chocolate cake that's my
favorite don't you want you guys know my
weakness is cheese
well baby chocolate-chip cookie
look at this it's got Oreos in it you're
gonna love it
so strong
high-five what kind of broccoli is that
it's extra strong broccoli IV do you
like it then try a bigger piece that
I'll make you even bigger strong it'll
be good dipped in your sauce
I kind of feel guilty knowing that my
entire family is an Ohio shoveling snow
right now no you don't feel good to eat
that kid oh you just ratted you out how
is it guys
how's mommy's birthday cake are you
serious
my favorite people thought that I spent
like three four hours making food if you
actually did that all right guys let's
get serious why are we in Los Angeles
you guys know I am going on tour
Roman versucci tour I'm in LA all this
week for rehearsal the tour actually has
this huge rehearsal it's not like a Q&A
show it's a big stage show so I'm super
excited Brittany and Kane got to come
out with me which makes this even better
and it all starts tomorrow and I want to
bring you on this crazy journey okay
look at these those cool let me see them
on yeah the seat on my boy trommel on
oh you are rockstar and give me the rock
star oh you are a rock star
you like him look come here they got red
ones so basically what's happened is we
came to LA not realizing it's 92 degrees
here luckily we brought one pair of
shorts for this little guy I have none
why have a pair swim trunks right I
didn't even bring a dress so right now
we're just trying to find Kane a couple
little summer outfits for this week
I literally grew up on the show like
grew up every single day after school
watching Full House only in LA you
consistently run into things like that
red carpet premieres actors celebrities
are everywhere all the time
Britney just freaked out I never seen
him freak out like that except when I
come home every day
last time I seen her like that is when I
came home alright guys we are warping
into our little apartment here that we
have for the week man sir come here come
join me I'm not in the block I just when
you try to smother make sure we're on a
we're on I yell every time we fly to LA
I think I said this in every vote we fly
to LA we're on a three-hour time
difference so we're always like why are
we so tired it's because it's actually
three hours later there's always one of
us that's not tired I think that you
just steal her ah I'm gonna go over here
guys I'm super excited to announce what
you saw that I posted on the main
channel our first ever official trailer
for our movie we've spent two years on
we've we've worked so hard on this thing
and it feels so good to finally give you
something to watch the movie comes out
April 1st April Fool's Day which
couldn't be more perfect it falls on a
Friday like so perfect but this
announcement is about you guys getting
to come watch the movie with me before
April 1st how cool would that be to be
able to watch the movie with the guys in
the movie before April 1st in the top of
this description click on it check it
out we're going on tour I think there's
10 cities around the u.s. hey buddy
I love you 10 cities I believe may be
fewer or lesser around the country you
can come watch the movie with me
check it out top like this description
check it out right are you gonna
 with me yeah you are
I'm so excited you guys also know Roman
versus fuzzy tour kicks off on the 23rd
which is like how many days away Oh with
less than a week a week huh we're doing
a lot guys and the movie tour is super
exciting because I get to watch the
movie with you and I get to put you in
the vlog maybe watching a movie I don't
know to be crazy I don't know what to
expect they're big theaters the other
big seat theaters it's not like a
regular movie theater it's like it's big
so please take a second click the top
link in my description and check it out
if we're coming to a city near you I
cannot wait to meet you um get a ticket
and come see the movie before it comes
out I gotta go to the store for you you
really need me to go the store yeah it's
your birthday it's your birthday baby I
do any food right now what was I gonna
do that for evil
we got a spider monkey on our hands all
right so I got to go out to get some
girly stuff for Britney I don't think
any guy in the world enjoys doing this
but I got to step up the plate sometimes
here it is clam juice I'm kidding I
don't know that is I think the worst
part of this process is having to call
four eight ten times to figure out
exactly what to get and this is a
natural thing you know girls they have
these this is what they do is this is
part of their life
we're fortunate us men are very
fortunate not to have to deal with this
stuff but it's complicated man chicks
are complicated all right I think these
are the ones she needs right here No ah
I figured while I'm being mr. romantic I
might as well get her birthday card too
right
we've been on the move we've been
traveling so it's like I love you
I love us a poor little man went down
finally guys that's a leg up for you
today I'm super excited to bring you on
this journey this week we are in
rehearsal for a few days then we hit the
road we're going all the way up for
Seattle on the 23rd and we're coming
down the west coast it's gonna be a lot
of fun love you guys thanks for all the
support Brittany's gonna jump in and
start vlogging for a couple days to see
how that goes just in case that I'm just
busy doing weird stuff so exciting
we love you guys thanks for everything
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more alright guys I know this vlog
is kind of stunk it's been slow a lot of
me just talking blah blah blah I'm gonna
pull a little prank on Britt it's
probably really mean but I need to spice
things up she's a good sport she can do
it
