yeah sure
hey guys welcome to the vlog I don't
even hardly know where to start today
I'm like speechless I'm trying to focus
your ha woke up did some press this
morning a good day and leg good morning
I lay something like that here's a
little bit of that we took we two little
gangsta pranks right which way ain't
your prankster this way all of you with
the back way this looks like huh that's
the back of it so I'm back in the room
when I woke up this morning we were like
number eight on the iTunes charts which
is huge like phenomenal unbelievable my
mind was blown I just uploaded the vlog
we are now number two on friggin iTunes
charts number two is that crazy so we
have just a little bit of time thank you
guys from the bottom of my heart we all
know that this movie is number two
because of you you guys went above and
beyond everybody's expectations man
there's no way to ever know how hard you
guys are going to go on something and
you guys just destroyed it so I'm about
to take Britain Kane down grab a little
food real quick before my next thing I
got to do so let's go okay quick change
of plans Britney Emily we're gonna go
eat
Kane and I are gonna walk to this
beautiful beach I haven't got to yet and
I have two hours so meet up with us okay
I love you
is this the way we push the button yeah
I'm so lucky to get about two hours to
hang out with my boy here Britney's
gonna eat real quick and then meet up
with us so much going on at this Beach
it's so fun to come down people watch
playing the sand look at the ocean play
in the ocean look at this boy is it
bouncy bounce on it bounce oh yeah I can
see it let's see it dude you can do it
remember pinch it with your feet grab it
there you gonna step up that's it
oh you gotta grab it with your feet
think daddy can get to the top no you
let me try yeah all right you got a vlog
for me okay all right hang out with
vlogs here we go
see if I got it you ready yeah you could
do that freedom look at this place man
every day of the year it's beautiful
it's pretty I don't know if I've ever
told you guys this but one of my dreams
and I have a lot of dreams I dream big
is to watch big wave surfers like I want
to go to like Mavericks or like some big
wave surf competition and just watch
like I'm dying to do it even when I see
little waves like this I'm so excited
this guy's about to carry his girlfriend
in the water look look look look look
oh she's done she's not always being
nice he's being nice oh there they go oh
that looks like something daddy would do
to mommy huh let's roll them up little
man you are awesome this one's coming
this one's given oh I have a lot of
reasons to be really freaking happy
right now guys I'll tell you nothing
replaces this right here
there's no amount of success money
nothing that compares to this right here
shit mommy try yeah you think mommy can
climate yeah no way you like someone's
videotape
yeah I'm videotaping you I'm so sore
already already yep no problem do it you
can go keep going you gotta keep going
keep going keep going all the way you
totally got it
you could 104 sure so unfortunately I
got a go for a couple hours finish up a
little work you let me throw you
we always got time for a quick throw see
you this my friends is a McLaren and it
is beautiful
Oh root and we're gonna what dresses
police will do the interview normal
clothes and then yeah they're having a
little party so they're producers and
reporters wanted to set up one of their
co-workers so you guys got cop uniforms
of the cop car and kind of have free
rein to do whatever you want at this
party anything you go yard I mean they
want to pick on one customink up go go
hard come be our arm Barham camel clutch
do you put on my camera please fatality
videos that's you
April Fool's yeah yes drugs on it okay
so we're gonna raid this party as three
policemen I don't look like a cop you
have a hat though yeah yeah yeah we have
two hats you you need to go up front
like in and me and Vitaly what kind of
yeah cuz this kid look at him he's too
pretty to be a cop so here we are
getting dressed I look like a little boy
in this uniform man these guys look like
men buff chest big arms
I got scrawny little legs
and they're back yellow MC Hammer yeah
you know what feels good
we're actually pulling a prank on April
friggin poles we've been busy to impress
and all this stuff and these guys are
helping us set up their friends hundred
people party
yeah hundred people that's gonna be
awesome tour mom tour mom are we okay
not with a bang are we gonna really
we're gonna we're going in hard this is
it this is my last times on a hard time
with you guys you're not coming tomorrow
no this is it you need to make me proud
really gonna miss you
jeopardy is still got a date still got
an extra large sticker on his shirt just
tell me with this she's funnier everyone
you got badge I need a badge you might
find it a little well like that like
detective detective probably like that
yeah you're careful you're holding the
guns what looks like a gun dude yes I
know let's rock easily shot at it don't
get me shot Sean says girl he's holding
his art I don't to be shot so we're
about the roll up we can't get the
lights on the main light so it's always
some element of solids brutalized
look at this it's like a human brain
back here and I don't know if what when
all I stuck out put on there a piece of
metal touched it and blew a fuse out or
that's why I'm trying to look oh shit
that looks good yeah let's roll in let's
roll in slow and quiet yes let's do it
let's do detective work oh you know what
you go and slow
hit the sound real well yes yeah that's
a good yeah like we go in private oppa
condom style yo shoot him quick put a
voiceover stop
okay and like a little buck shooting hey
big Big Bang cops and robbers yeah it's
only one shot we're not drilling enough
yeah this guy I like that good there's
no way I can sit you can consider me you
got a walk but how far is it huh we
should just walk more it's impossible
hold on yeah sit out our this is really
it I'm having so much fun right now
so battalion are gonna come in after you
guys
I
ow
Oh
what did he do what did he do I'm gonna
need you to back up just tell me what he
did
I'm gonna take your camera you tell me
what he did did he do hey he's broke I
don't know
everyone was wanting to take a shot with
me and I guess you know why they wanted
you loose they wanted yeah yeah I was
like no but like how could he I wasn't
even doing anything well that's that's
what happens that's what happens
eventhough students like that yeah oh my
goodness yuck
I was like what's wrong with the music
you got it like it's a party what's
going we killed it we killed the music I
was dancing
you fine we're done man well place is
hoppin him and that was fun it was fun
I'm glad we did it cuz we almost didn't
oh we almost didn't do the pranks so it
was really really fun and I'm glad
April Fool's we pulled a prank on April
yeah even with the release of the movie
today and the press and everything we
did we got a prank in there that was a
good one yeah dressed as cops just bad
we busted the party road kids music got
the music ah
our guys warping back to the room and
keen hasn't his ear infection he has
been in so much pain apparently he's
been homeless ear and of course I'm
supposed to fly out they're supposed to
fly out at 10 a.m. tomorrow he's warm
that being said guys I'm gonna end this
vlog up IOU like through the roof oh you
we hit number 2 on iTunes all day like
all day we've been number two since the
vlog went up how do I even say thank you
it's insane you guys are absolutely
amazing we love you we will see you
tomorrow in Chicago we fly to Chicago at
I have to be out of here 5:00 in the
morning booth we're gonna cuddle up I
gotta edit this vlog and end it see in
Chicago we love you mom
Oh
