excuse me okay can we have a snow fight
first if you don't if you don't put it
down and leave that I gotta call the
police I don't really want to do that
that's it this is a little bit of snow
fight though I can't do that over coffee
so hon is assess it first
ah what's up guys welcome to the vlog
Channel we are getting a start kind of a
maybe a late start could be later than
usual I think the last two days caught
up to us a little bit I can't move my
head for after jumping on my breakfast
hi buddy
yeah yoga in yesterday's vlog when he
jumped out of the smile more building he
came down hard on your head now we put
the cardboard box is the wrong we're
gonna try to switch it up for you guys
today let me show you what I got my good
buddy Tom mabe sent me check this out
real skunk furs this is a real stomach
thank you Tom by the way guys
please go show Thomson web and thank him
for sending me these because we're gonna
have a lot of fun so I took this skunk
and I mounted it to one of these come
here this boom and even with the wheels
how much you want to bet people don't
even see the wheels
not at first uh-uh no way oh so we want
to switch it up a little bit today hit
the streets go out and do some public
stuff uh you know just some fun stuff
you want to go pull some pranks no I
just said she had to be here I had to
work you want me to get photo she's in
charge no I'm in charge now bring it on
this is her house all right before we
leave Yuka wants to play a really mean
gag on grandma land duck we're about to
head out we are uh what do we even do it
like here no I'm trying it out of this
house get my coop tougher
what happened are you serious daddy had
something wrong with him
are you serious yeah what do you do Zeus
no you back he's seven is you got okay
Luca could you outside he's at he
actually did this last night too that
could be one of the meanest thing she
could tell you say you gotta behave such
a nice care of me yeah that was scary
give me five give me five give me five
ask my boy come on all right
we're out of the house we we've been
living up in the snow changed our whole
week a little bit but we're gonna goof
off right now I don't know what we
should do
put the skunk out yeah I feel like we
gotta get just gonna come I guess be
more I could ply pull up right up to the
doors and just pop out when people walk
out you know like them girls they'd flip
sounds like a responsible thing to do
you can check the check the audio see
for picking out there this is old-school
man camera in the truck
skunk wireless mic under the but what do
through this yeah no you got to turn it
do ya flip it flip well your honor you
do this who's gonna give up hide behind
some wall see what happens
yeah we are fishing for human beings
right now no luck right now maybe I mean
we threw the bait out there everything
was good
how is it the very first lady maybe the
second lady complains what a baby man
people don't know have fun no more like
how much more innocent can you get a
Scouts on and I receive that kids would
love it the kids are love it he was so
tight man relax mama this cute little
thing scary's got painted on next
location yep alright
a lady just drives up to our truck honks
and says you need to get a life is it
that bad it's yummy ask Ellen I see that
bad people hate it I thought people
would love this I mean you're innocent
I've seen some smiles too but would you
guys would you guys call the cops if a
skunk on our sea drop on you I think
it's cop worthy like don't waste the
police's time guys come on sir do you
need some help just come here beeping I
call that police it summers so don't
don't call the police I mean yes I'm
that day those people should get a life
how can we make it up I mean with you
hey lady we're uh wanting to have fun Oh
get a life that was a spot-on impression
we're gonna move on all right guys we're
gonna switch it up a little bit and do
another old school prank that I did
three years ago today
snowball oh I love having you guys
around and I thought how I said that
about that's it right there
so if you've been with this channel for
three years then you know what prank
we're already about to do we're not
gonna do much of it we're gonna go out
and just get couple reactions should be
fun now we're just looking for goofy
stuff ducks all right guys this is the
magic snowball right
you ready here we go you guys ready
thanks for being a good sport you guys
come on come on man
gotta give you that all day that's so
fun that's a real trick what up guy
that happening I'm gonna hit you with
drugs know about you cuz we're on do we
have a snow fight this is us being
kicked out because if you don't if you
don't put it down and leave the raft I
call the police I don't really want to
do that okay so this is a little bit of
snow fight though you do that over
coffee so hon you know it's SS it says
that it does that it's just a balloon
it's just a balloon yeah you didn't last
long
yeah alright that's a wrap you funny
that's a wrap on the snowball bit I hope
you guys like that I know it's not like
gone wrong gone sexual in the hood but
it was fun this is for fun like old
school and once again you always run off
but I mean we are shooting for either
store so that's gonna happen the night
is beautiful
that's a nice ending right there you say
you want to get buried
last night was fresh butchered steaks
today make you need me let's do it
alright got a fun story for you guys and
you guys as well you ready alright I
don't know no these not my first time in
Magnus this is true story
at this exact McDonald's got an order to
go
went to work eat my burger like always
that's how you do it and I'm like man
that's some old cheese on here it's like
that you know how that cheese feels when
it's like old it's like plasticy I spit
it out it's a band-aid there was a
bandaid in my burger dude a used bandaid
Wow yeah
crystal it I mean they should put it on
all the burgers I had a lot of flavor
just got back home we picked up my
little man Noah how you doing bud
you ready for some craziness um let's
make you a little Duchin a little do you
open it officially I'm good look at this
hello
Zeus Christian what a surprise I came
every every hour so much Hey so so
Christian just flew in from LA ha ha ha
Katy what you got hide dumped in you
that's right
I love you hey you know what you have to
do right
you gotta shalt know what you're he's
like I are slide or hill yeah maybe we
get the little snowboard things up in
the ball pit room watch out watch out
that thing is packed yeah oh you gotta
go sideways you got to stand sideways
like a skateboard oh that's one way to
do it beautiful out tonight the stars
are out
we're kind of just waiting on Brittany
to get home she went out with Dale's
wife they are doing something I'll
explain it very soon you guys will see
but for now we're just goofing off
waiting around what's hot yeah it's a
little hot
I'm hotter than the normal 200 East
River hey looks like you like it smells
like black liquor yeah Charlie you know
with me sure one two three
I don't know anyone and bite hard that's
good right - Marty ready to bite
together one two three you don't like
finish candy I love it love it right hey
it's really different so the licorice
that's like our national delicacy see
it's it is salty rose
hahahaha good oh right drug one you know
I like the candy shells good real good
the sinner is like a very salty hot
flavor like drear like drinking any
water
thank you might drink a cup of that
ocean you allowed it right that's the
best thing ever
it started out good and progressively
got worse this is all we owe these this
is I think you might know you have with
Kennedy books like this yeah that's the
deadly drawer it fit it so what's that
black licorice yeah that's asleep let me
try that
black liquor that one's good you like
that but you know a lot of Turkish
pepper you know actually so Kerry don't
lock HC huh so good it'll lock ritzy
these gigs are little dude so I think I
think tonight might you might actually
have some competition oh no it looks
like it with me I got more eyelids I got
more outwards now I'm building a little
army you know what it's actually Atwoods
hundred isms one for this week of prints
huh yeah what's up yeah he wants me on
your team cuz he's scared of you too
mommy's all hey everybody's watching
yesterday's vlog can I get one of those
great smooth easy baby I'm glad you made
it back how was it fine anything okay so
a couple days ago we shot a hilarious
bit that the Dudesons brought with them
and that's basically where their arms
were our arms and a lot of you it
actually took a few minutes to catch on
it was even weird editing it literally
just watch that did you like it yeah it
was I was in tears editing it so the
Dudesons have passed 2 million
subscribers on this trip good for your
job and I think we owe you guys a huge
huge thank you because I think as I'm
now we're looking at like 70,000 of you
have subscribed to them so we're gonna
shoot a super fun thank you
super fun um thank you 2 million video
on their channel well we are their arms
so we're gonna reverse it up it will not
be on this vlog but you can check it out
on that channel so here we go alright um
how about us and you'll get goodies I
will give you one little head Mentos and
Diet Oh Brett can't control my handbrake
give us a little sample go ahead talk
thank you guys if you so much fun
hanging out here haha the Roman soldiers
you guys rock that looks good you know
what I like hey man where's my hands 15
minutes later what happened
Oh my gutters there's something wrong
with my hand coordination it's like yeah
I definitely lost control of my hands
too I was comfortable well I think the
best part was that the mousetrap you
were trying to go for my thong by hit
your hat yeah no I wasn't actually going
for anything I was just feeling around
in it snap
but I helped back I didn't say anything
I was just like yeah alright guys
everything's kind of cleaned up we're
gonna go into the next challenge this is
this is I don't know what to expect here
does our name for this um well what I
call it is I just want to pull grandma's
old pantyhose over my head Wow you can't
see anything oh yeah you gotta see this
dude here it is a nightmare Allah didn't
even have a tie off yeah you did
oh my god there is no room the object of
this game is to wear a panty ho we're
gonna tie them off like this with this
awesome rope that I've installed and the
idea is that two people side by side
have to try to get their candle blown
out and it's gonna pull it down we need
something stretchy look into it already
hold that hold the front to the Kaduna
 let's do a test you guys haven't
won your head let me tie you up and
let's just see what it's like all right
there we go I have no idea what this is
all about man you guys are tied up
you're ready to go first
Thanks she's like yours is longer but
maybe I don't know maybe your face is
just taking a lot of hahaha basically
take a lot of space but dick that's
about right Oh three three two one
get the candles yeah
0:01 oh here's the thing
breath blew off it snapped oh I don't
know what personnel oh oh oh come on
please reverse melody hey are you ready
rip okey character here we go
you might want to come get our first
face when we put okay look at me
hey hey look at me again about this way
this Eddy yeah set up earlier than what
happened here
what's that little bitch they're
speaking like book it's like a leaf on
your whoa you guys completely lost her
the shape of your no way you need to
turn your head to the side a little bit
like a ward like a bow extra ear
alright guy you tell us who won I don't
know what that was what is no idea of
let me know all right guys tell us you I
don't even know if that was a joke I
don't even know what we just did it was
supposed to be like a an even thing but
they kept snapping oh wait you tied the
knot yeah it's why our snap baby cuz it
routine it's time to call it a night
guys it's already super late we're gonna
edit this get ready for tomorrow thanks
for all the love thanks for hanging out
with us you're beautiful you're one of a
kind smile you explody
Oh
