hey hey what's going on guys up I don't
know what would bail does did you build
this bad in that me everything seems
pretty normal here at the outwards yeah
oh really
let's go soos good morning guys welcome
back to the channel it should be a
really interesting day here
let me just show you what's going on
yoga what's going on what is this we're
wanting to jump from the window and
we're using old school stuff
cardboard boxes to jump into but look
this is the shady part we've never used
boxes that have to be taped together the
visitor stitched and glued ha ha ha yeah
me neither I'm there now I never used
that huh oh look then and then you can
shoot me back to Finland ha ha ha
so today the Dudesons want to show you
guys how back in the day
stop man used to perform their big jumps
they used cardboard boxes we went from
these guys wanting to build a fun stunt
jump to now a challenge video where I
have to do the job as well thanks I love
your attitude of just jumping into it
yeah let's try it
I mean we got to right I know you guys
want to see me John and and first of all
like I was telling them it doesn't look
that high but I know once you're up
there it's incredibly high but they're
cardboard box you stay here say they are
so safe
so this is our building guys that's
going up it's got a huge upstairs I
think honestly we're going to turn this
into a guest house for you guys I mean
would you love to live here
I mean it's fit this is it yeah I mean
this maybe you want to kind of close
that gap there so it doesn't snow inside
no what's up guys so you guys I didn't
tell you but you're gonna be jumping off
of this today oh yeah yeah
$5 same as last time 500 500 whose idea
was this
oh yeah okay all right I'm gonna go
first
you gonna go first I want to go first
should we make it
lighten up one more level we'll go
together that's it one by one one at a
time yeah I I gotta go first I gotta
test this for real
really yeah okay that'll make you more
scared cause you gotta wait you gotta
wait all right let's do it
no good then you're someone's a danger
picture it's harder than it looks
oh this just became a bad idea what are
you gonna you know what
I hope Buster Keaton knew what he was
doing this is how Stockman used to to do
their stunts ready when you are
he was really hard now she'll be back to
Finland I'm not doing it
yeah he got like a concussion I did it
really really hurt um we should put the
boxes this way it's a software land
example yeah isn't that what I said I
think so come on yeah I said that
let's go so I'm glad you tested it
though the best part is that we don't
know you know yeah it's gonna be a
softer landing it might be harder all
right guys I'm going up you think this
is good that's right that's gonna be
good
Oh crazy enough I didn't you don't even
face like the first layer you really it
doesn't even affect the first layer so
the first layer out yeah I really did
like he did blow them up so he's
stepping it up a notch you can now wants
to run and dive so he's gonna get some
speed come down yeah you got this it's a
great idea of how the way
um I doesn't so scared about the pool
but yeah you did a full fledge since I
was playing so uh yeah dribbling right
at the ball that was a beautiful jump
beautiful so that was awesome and the
whole point of this was Yuko is
explaining to me that you know back in
the day the olden days when they were
making the movies this is what they had
to use for the stuntmen his cardboard
boxes yeah I mean so had no air box
nothing Buster Keaton landed into these
kind of boxes from like big-time
big-time big buildings and it works I
mean this is pretty big dude it is and
it's freezing in here my face so hard
even vlogging with unlike little not a
lot of dull moments this week huh what
do you think of this I wish you remember
oh it up you'd have fun in reading blow
it up you have to blow it up to play on
it you're gonna tear that down you don't
know that you could then told me later
them we play rough sometimes things
happen my goal my intention is not to
destroy that beautiful playground are
you gonna leave it when y'all leave and
he said well why not we was leaving
may not be worth taking
young fun we've come up with a unique
idea today hello to do with this little
bounce house is there a toilet seat
Betty I'm coming in I'm coming in ah I
doubt you guys can really tell but the
snow has not stopped this is our
furniture we were supposed to bring in
what is this cane check this out get in
I bet he gets live at this should daddy
go down the steps
yeah can catch him give him a good push
that's pretty cool
huh you don't spin me yeah Oh huh hey
Zeus he don't care you're not happy with
the stairs we got to go from the picnic
table oh I don't want to go that way
that's a pretty that's a pretty serious
drop you did it that was awesome you
went really far in you in dog poop smell
came from oh no where is it it's
somewhere they oh yeah burn it yeah
watch out for the dog poop game
that's it yeah but I think you're gonna
land on your head like that
Oh
go backwards yeah if you spin out you
spin them the other way okay you got a
blowout I have to blow out on the way is
it my gas man this is so it's fun this
is why we have a sled and they have a
sled we all live in the frigging are
toys come sled in she can I go with you
come on hop in
Oh JA Geo backwards nice yeah moving on
to the next genius idea what's going on
here guys thinking about taking that
Double Trouble thing all the way up on
the roof and sliding down into the
bounds at the bonds of Castle how do you
get extra points for the spot you hit
yeah I think we took point to cut the
collar this five fallings disagree is
this like a sister is this a team game
like each team yeah it's a great team
hey let's go go go
so the next idea of today is not my idea
by the way not my idea at all this is
definitely a Dudesons idea to sled off
the roof and the double seater it's
comfortable it's the landings great I
don't know about that it wasn't that
soft when you're not riding like
bouncing right on the side but you have
this yeah we can always just put
cardboard boxes we actually should you
could put a stack so when you see things
like this done you think it's just a lot
of stupidity but there's a lot of
mathematical factors that are going into
this like you're know carving a path for
the tube so you don't slide off the rail
tons of planning work really well
thought out guys please don't try this
honestly I think this is one of those
things that you take it out there and
you sit in it and you see what happens
you hope for the best
terrible I mean I wouldn't want a jiggle
lip right there you know just I just
realized the windscreen came off my
camera hope it wasn't much wind you
don't come in such a fun time guys I'm
having so much fun
so once again it doesn't look too high
but it is it's terrified
and you're making that real slick you're
gonna take off a little bit right here
and take like I would take like six
inches off to give it a little bit of
leeway you ready so maybe you're new to
this channel or you're you're really
young and you just don't know who the
Dudesons are in case you don't the
Dudesons
they're stuntmen that's really what they
are and this I would consider a light
stop for you guys if you've seen their
work this is the light stuff heavy
landing alright guys so last time I did
this you want to arch right you want to
make sure you put all your weight into
the left quadrant of that raft it's very
important
all right okay I have no idea how this
is gonna go here we go no no reset reset
it's it's really hard to capture on
camera what this is like right now it's
it's great man you guys are doing great
all right oh no oh no you guys don't
look like you're going off a waterfall
did you see the speed like suppose it
ramped the lip did we reach the lights
fish float Andrew oh oh wow the raft did
not make it
oh let's not slick it up I'm on top of
you
Paige knows awesome guys good job yeah
there's a lot of again we ended up in a
lot of fun
they did it twice it's really surprising
you didn't get more speed I mean you got
a nice path though next time he forgot
the shovel we had to go back up what you
playing man hey sit on the shovel and
ride it down think long think wrong he's
gonna do
Oh awesome
you alright oh do you look like you had
a great landing that she's fantastic
Jarno says is it okay if we hooked a
pink bike to the ATV you got a fish
drive this thing right I'm not sure
maybe maybe you could you drive on this
one and I feel I'll film from the let's
do that yeah cuz I got more of us you
guys know each other you know I don't
forget anything responsible for this one
he called that thing a beast he loved
that bike you guys remember the way he
looked at it and it won't work yeah I
thought you fell in love with it
I like celebrities let's do it I can't
wait see these streamers in the wind
let's go I'm really got to realize that
the snows deep in there and that's a
little girl's bike so Lugar no bike now
the good thing good thing is I don't see
any scenario or this this is gonna end
well yeah what yarn out real quick what
do you want the results to be well I
tried to bail this I mean it's hard to
go faster should we cut some wood into a
tiny little ramp real quick yeah this
snow has changed our entire
we've got full use out of it yeah
ha I went out the film from out is so
bumpy whoa ah your ears full oh my god
so fun oh I was awesome
thanks dude whoo Wow feels good in here
my camera just fogged straight up so to
make a long long story short we have
been trying to get this grill started
for probably 35 40 minutes and just
won't start it's getting starting a
little bit it's like the fuels not
getting through because it kicks on and
then fades out must be this it's so cold
in here so it was working better we had
on low heat there's a little bit guys I
got the fix for our problem what I
really do come with me now don't be
skeptical all right I can easily cut
these into nice strips like this all
right and then we can just cook our
strips on a skillet that's how we can
enjoy little steak strips together as a
family
James and every once in a while you
wanna do that yeah let's do the strips
well I have one in the oven I'm gonna
try it that way
we got steaks cooking all over the place
there's also one open spot in the
microwave if you want to that I'm oh so
hot i'ma throw one steak on her I just
booked it that's not bad
we're here with chef Luca he's going to
teach us how to cut the steak I need
some olive oil or salt and pepper please
Anna Tom that's what really happened to
your piece that I got I've got my custom
some strips on here it's looking good
it's like little bacon strips what is
Keane doing
beuker brothers there's like grandma's
right there I'm just beating me
getting in each lap I do you're bruising
it it's gotta you gotta break it it's
not play-doh dude you're playing with it
$20 steak $23 he's gonna be the one
everybody's gonna want since you don't
have a meat hammer tenderizer it's been
already been tenderized oh yeah
okay now Oliver all right guys I don't
know if you remember when we went to
Canada we had to sign a release form to
buy this incredible hot sauce like it's
insane I mean even sure it comes in like
a grenade whoa that's cool
uh-oh yeah I broke it huh it's insane
hot sauce we literally had to sign a
waiver to even buy it
Brittany's gonna make her smoothies now
that we're finishing up dinner she's
gonna pour the hot sauce down you just
raw only know a few drops you can't look
pour it out less than one drop of this
product is absolutely extremely and
seriously hot you guys outside jumping
the guy's car from today that went off
the roof look how much is that good
smell it
yeah he's coming in he's coming in poor
Simon Cutler so Brett just made her
famous little smoothies after dinner did
you get him out oh we're still stock all
the dry ways so he's stuck in the
driver's Carl start out the car won't
start but it needs a little bit more RZ
yeah thank you mmm yeah please I can't
stop what's in it
first my lip scenario so bad
Luca this was our idea we wanted to have
a challenge in this one Oh guys are
animals
he was my pickles my brave but my ears
started like I could feel my paws in my
ear okay so this hasn't been all bad
almost in the straw I put it in the
straw and packed it with a little piece
of paper he thought it was a sties he
thought it was a chunk of straw is it
mmm that was good
so it says less than one drop of this
product is absolutely extremely and
seriously hot we found a dudeson weak
spot
I was called so off-guard coming in here
I know you're like I'll just take one
drink I can do your face like I'll just
take one drink and then like he's out
there helping the guy that came today to
help us get his car out of the driveway
I thought you were just jumping I think
it's the battery's dead then he gets
stuck they're still in there really oh
we gotta go help them you were coming in
to get something for him without a good
go-to front down corner not often once
it's not working flat dad you go what
you do it's all this guy I tell you put
the wheat the key stock in it there's
nothing it's completely dead there's
like nothing happening the cables are
melting dude yeah I know from your car -
hey Cusack loves this stuff
Wow
oh no this is Twilight Zone nude how was
it the trucks on look at the windshield
wiper
brinjal bug your shining sword
come on little wipers look at this know
what's going on right now
let's check nice job burning I think
your trucks trying to talk to us but
what is that noise red on red black on
black don't get it backwards my milk
oh we tried that one so why don't we
just have bad luck like no matter what
you do yeah I think these are still good
oh oh we're getting some juice we're
getting a little wipers rolling you're
gonna need to let it charge for a minute
that's for when it barely rains revving
the engine trying to get juice funny
thing is is his trucks dead I'm
completely out of gas and we've been
it's been running 20 minutes yeah
and you know when you rev it up you get
more juice at least like I have no idea
what I'm talking about
the start was even closer it's alright
how about how about once you guys it
goes on your rear you just run up as far
as you can that's what I've been doing
no serious about to turn dude my battery
lights dead and I'm out of gas
this is really bad I think it started
yay did it stop like that just like that
you've no idea literally 30 25 more than
that what a disaster
whoo got him out it took forever
what do you mean what happened
holy crap it cracked the laptop that is
crazy
whoa no ha ha ha I knew these balls will
haunt me for life
look come here one sock boy you see what
they did I was sitting here trying to
end the vlog and they poured balls on me
I was good dude I was actually really
good and I'm like actually really
digging this because he felt he got me
with this camera but I thought this is
like an old photo camera but he was
rolling video on it we've already been
taking photos with this and it's been
here the whole day today
I wouldn't know I didn't know it did
video now I can do my actual outro again
so they're actually uploading on the
roof jump as like a whole video so you
can check that out put in the
description of this video we're kind of
just bouncing back and forth each day
having content for all of us so check it
out show them some love oh you're gonna
help now getting to you begin you know
what these cause you just gonna go now
I'm gonna end this guys thank you for
watching thanks for hanging out uh
that's it I love you it you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more yeah get
it game
