hey guys welcome back what's up dude
sirs we have been blessed with tons of
snow look at this time the snow baby you
guys are really at home yeah you're
really at home
careful grandma oh yeah how's that feel
feels pride feels like oh whoa oh
grandma wore me out where fart out there
you glad we got all that snow whoo so
we're starting our day we got tons of
bacon Oh permanent number I keep
forgetting about it
oh but everybody likes eggs oh I'm gonna
make a 12-egg omelet here but I wanted
one egg just one bubble egg
I wasn't staying together
legato this is just like come on let's
go
this doesn't even care or move at all
don't even shake it off that's all he
wants is to be outside
Wow so we're kind of sitting here eating
breakfast working a little bit this
morning and you're having a snow blower
delivered yeah to my house
hi buddy a snow blow huh it's a bit of a
surprise you don't like it you gotta
take your antibiotic you gotta take your
antibiotics before we go play this is
Brittany's antibiotic stuff she made the
hot pepper as the tunic the garlic it's
like it's it's bad horseradish
there's a lot of garlic in it yeah all
right mama I know you had to spend the
night last I'm gonna go on bury you okay
thank you ready yeah I'm ready
there we go we got some legit snow guys
like check this out I mean it's a lot
for us it aside I'm almost car only the
Dudesons can have this thing delivering
it with an hour a snow blower this Good
Morning America good morning oh hi oh
look at this little guy this will wake
you up I don't do it right that's our
inland guys little snow spray snow
showers let's go come on Zeus all right
so this is called the snow shower right
here we're gonna fire this thing up
spring spanking-new
yeah make you into a snowman I'm gonna
build a human snowman today I imagine
it's gonna feel great and refreshing
right it wakes you up so good it's the
best thing you can do in the morning I
think Zeus wants to be a snowman real
nice man real nice yeah it came it in
there came with a nozzle Oh
do you get have to let it warm up man
it's ice-cold yeah I know bein eager
about getting something working you
gotta let it warm up she's brand new man
let okay okay it actually dug all the
way to the grass yeah I get some of that
in there too but now we do it without
clothes on cuz that's the way you do it
in Finland that's the rule that's the
rule that's how you wake up let's have a
competition or a challenge who's gonna
stay there for the long oh boy human
snowman by the way for the record I hate
cold weather you're from Finland you're
from Finland I live in Los Angeles all
right guys as they get ready for this
stuff I'm gonna come in Bret you gonna
join what do you mean do you want to do
the snow challenge this is the human
snowman challenge is what we've caught
with no you're not gonna do it I think I
have to say me okay Kailas
oh it's not gain mommy
alright guys this jacket right here is
the actual jacket I bought just for when
I went to Finland with the Dudesons this
is the one I wore so I'm going to bust
it out I've worn it before but this
isn't going to seem too painful but it's
wicked outside it's it's really cold
we're gonna get turned into a human
snowman with no clothes on yeah we're
ready
hey no you know what I'm actually proud
of bread she's gonna do it she's gonna
do it
yay Atwoods first Dudesons sass smith
look like somebody just sent us this
custom artwork and then brittany added
with magic erase marker atwood Smith
family alright are you gonna make Smith
as your last name to take her last name
Robbins yeah oh we're getting more slow
and it's starting to snow again baby
just so happy man he's just loving you
guys being here all right Brett you
ready
alright it's just so tropic wasit I feel
like this is what we should be wearing
you guys are overdressed this how that
feeds us to dress in Finland it's gonna
see how you guys do ah here we go guys
oh yeah love's creep love's oh yeah get
some love guys yo we're gonna make this
quick all right oh yeah for sure let me
fill up the tank first can i warm up
come on baby
totally for ah we're buying time
look we're not playing straight we're
buying time
it's way worse than I thought takes your
breath away dude feels so good in here
it doesn't feel like needles on your
body terrible mitosis I told you it's
like we're already frozen you can't feel
it it hurts like gonna hit you oh good
there's like 15 seconds you're fighting
it you're fighting and then you took off
like a rocket
well she won she bailed us is like a
your loss it's absolutely brutal brutal
yes come fly Britney bailed on me I'm
glad you did cuz I was right there with
you like oh she's gone on out two more
seconds what do I was no I honestly
called snow it was like hurt so bad so
are you saying that snow is a weapon of
mass destruction
I honestly for you before you fire it up
I was like you don't want to man up and
take it no matter what I can just do it
nope seconds am you sure I'll be happy
if I did 15 seconds dude I don't know
your turn yeah your choice we got it we
got it that's all you needed
haha this is a vs. oh this is like
what's your guys's problem just come
outside like it's not bad out all right
reset come on out I'm gonna warm up
while you guys are there there's that
just scream ah then you're ready now
it's your turn Brit you ready for
revenge let's go let's go boys I like
the guys building my building alike you
guys pull off me when you guys ready you
better get out here you know you're Yuka
ah ah I feel like they act like it's
cold but they're from Finland and this
is like still warm to them I feel like
bring the road really this folding so I
feel like energy I feel like it's only
fair that I have a little warm-up with
the mower and since these guys are
comfortable outside I might as well you
know practice a little bit yeah where's
the key Oh where's the key
but where's the key dammit
whatever it is in my pocket why'd you
take me because I took it because you
have to turn it off by taking the key oh
my gosh we lose it can I enjoy is this
your first time to Ohio
yeah welcome man beautiful weather we're
having yeah it's actually really nice I
haven't seen the trees like this since
probably last year yeah reminds me of
Finland
honey you just got mud running down it's
awfully know you guys have in Ohio uh uh
you're here is like Oh every don't like
that was just grass dirt fun like my
mouth is full of mud I'm like what is
this arm
oh no so let's come into my face and my
hand was just like deep frozen because I
was doing this and the breeze hits it
her you guys destroyed it so we just
finished up our little snowman challenge
and uh I guess of all of it I'm gonna
Billy eyelash I'm gonna turn our steps
into a little slide for cane did it
III don't know he loves that he says I
can't even see him he wants it
half steps half slide you want to show
them come here man do the run and jump
thing whoo nice all right guys we're not
gonna slow down just pulled out the
razor canes beating the car with a
baseball bat are you doing you cleaning
it
hahaha
Wow
Oh
look in the front
whoa
now you scared she loves me attention
what's up what's up
pullin it I'm just thinking like right
now the roads would be so fun to go down
yeah let's go Darnell your turn
Wow it's a snow machine now you know how
the drivers are we got options
this guy or this guy this is more of a
cruiser yeah let's take that gun thank
you some of the roof
oh my are you serious it's still in
there he lost his phone you got so lucky
Yeah right no yeah you can want to take
a little spin I'm so happy we got snow
guys can you tell
I feel so alive it is so beautiful out
guys Wow this gift that you're ready to
see you driving how come you got goggles
like a bug
yeah it's a yuca bug you're gonna give
them a good ride yeah we can start in
starlight remember these are doodsen
remember safety first
the upset first get your seatbelt on
alright you got your seatbelt on
I didn't hear
somebody
the aura you are a champ you are a champ
dude I couldn't even see you like a
bullet yeah we're gonna go to circles is
like shooting on the road I think it's
time to retire my camera guys again you
see dude if we keep getting snow
tomorrow's gonna be nuts yeah build up a
couple kickers and put up something fun
behind it and just make it fly
all right that's a wrap on the snow for
now I'll just keep it keep snow and it's
actually changed our entire week already
it changed our trip it says it's all in
fun and we haven't got to play in the
snow for so long we're just out there
like kids
thanks I'm great how you feeling cold I
was in here just face warm I lost this
camera in the snow by the way God we're
like I was digging snow to find it your
battery splashes I know it's dead
all right guys so before this vlog goes
any further we really just wanted to
come on here talk to you guys and just
see what you thought of the Dudesons
being at our house again
what do you family are you hungry right
now that you just need to eat it we just
said pizza but I just I don't feel
healthy see you name one oh well I'm
gonna crack your boot code that's what
I'm gonna do and I'm gonna shake it up I
I like my coke shake it up is all mine
oh oh my brother my husband marina
sausage yeah burn out well I'm gonna
pick my dad why me you want some hop in
the laughs of you walking my gosh yeah
it's sausage goody in my banana mmm
oh yeah I just need an image Oh God
forgive us while we eat and no oh my god
my my
like I hit my head today my hands doing
something weird yeah can you wipe this
off it thinks that my ear is my mouth
anyway guys we're trying to talk serious
do you guys not like how do you feel
about us having these guests to our
house what's wrong with you use the
phone you have to wait you have to use a
spoon if you're gonna eat jello alright
I have a spoon I don't want any more
jello oh where you trying to start a
food fight right now I'm just trying to
talk I'm trying to talk to you guys and
you're just come on get you back that's
what you get anyway so guys how do you
feel about I keep throwing it um I hate
to run until you stop you know when I
look over to try this new face mask
while I drink some wine
yeah you should it's probably nice was
wrong with you what a waste
I'm already much wine company dismisses
my and figures out where my mouth is now
you're eating eggs I just yeah it's good
for the face no yeah it does exfoliate
your uh yeah you are even what have I
been with you know what I'm gonna try
your way my skin does need to know so
who is that laughing what's go
Oh what is that you guys the entire time
yo that was so I do you guys think about
the dude since being at all worried X
talking about us we're not there no no
good thing good thing I think she's got
some hand control issue that's not
working right oh and then I grab under
that yeah your way it was so not you
how's a dress how you guys kept up the
conversation
oh there's so many flavors in my mouth
like Roman do you know you also have a
shower in your house this is what I use
every day oh you were so good yeah God
you look like a mess what happened to
you woman he's clean your face yeah that
was genuinely fun that was funny
I enjoyed that and it was in anyway it
was all good food too that could have
been imagine doing that with terrible ha
you know like now you got JLo you got
like chocolate it was all good the
little little hot dogs were interesting
with the Belarus
and for some reason I choked on the
jello almost a gag on the jello it like
came out of my mouth that's your airport
let me see yeah you lay in there get my
air game I'm a rat gum erect
I'm a wreck gonna wreck abide and I hope
you enjoyed today's vlog that is gonna
wrap it up for us we absolutely love you
guys thanks for sticking around it's
just a loaded week of fun stuff
we are just where y'all cleaned up hey
guys go clean what a wreck
I need a shower she's all the hot water
I literally just washed my hair and face
so guys a couple things the full of the
snow man challenge I think's what we're
gonna call it is up on the Dudesons
channel by the time this video goes up I
think we're uploading at the same time
so please go check that out it's the
full version of us being ridiculously so
full it should be called the worst
challenge ever
right now there's worse so it is up on
the Doutzen channel I'll put it in the
description this video check it out
showing some love we are we got a full
week Pat so I hope you enjoy we love you
again if there's anything you want to do
hit us in the comments smile more no I
do not know it's everywhere it's a
