hey guys what is up
turn them on hit them hit them wipers oh
they're always so loud and now I'm
trying to show you in there nice and
quiet
oh it is time I'll be right back I won't
come back without good wipers yeah come
on I need your help
2011 okay just stopped off at this
little Napa dealer you'll find somewhat
2011 yeah okay go on beat the guys that
is him brah
put him on no baby I'm gonna put these
on but you have to turn them wipers off
take that you gotta pay to play
took my face off it's like doing the
disco I'm I've been your powers I'm got
wire hop it up get it on there baby get
it on there oh good job just another day
on the job and say ah rain to snow no
stop me hey guys you are adorable
hittin wipers whoo before I'd literally
have to like as painful well guys we
might get that snow we've been walking
and what a good week for imagine the
Dudesons on the inner tubes
ah Wow this pretty it's pretty awesome
outside but it's not sticking
it's really not accumulating I catching
it with your tongue catch it on your
head that's for sure so as all you guys
know the Dudesons come in today we're
getting some last-minute things that we
have to get and uh you know feed your
house guests you know this Beach stuff
so yesterday we failed on the bunk beds
so we're getting the next best thanks
all air mattress bunk beds we can make
our own all that wood all that wood
outside by the building just couple two
by fours and uh you know I can craft
something catch
ah Eddie really good job dad
kinsman squealing like a mini pig all
week well the cameras officially broke
look I have to hold the shutter up I
just rip it out all right give me some
shark Terminator camera it works better
it's clear you don't even need those
pieces just for show it makes the camera
look better it really is time for me to
switch phones look at this ready ready
that's my screen
everything falls apart as I use it and I
abuse it
use it abuse it you guys know Britney
got replaced my phone not long ago and
it's still just sitting in my office I
need I didn't really need to activate
this things done but those screens
falling out well well well well well
well what's going on over here
here I go I leave for what an hour two
hours I think she wants a raise good
she's walking around here with this gun
let me see this this thing's old this is
the tips yeah we painted the tip oh I
think easy to my um
the cops that arrested you in that car
prank this is what they had in there got
it you must kill me hey I just looked
over she's just talking to Brittany just
like that not paying any attention
I'll be right back hey while I'm gone
bolt everything to the ground tie it up
superglue everything to the wall Dude's
intercom welcome to Ohio boys they're
gonna flap they're gonna feel like
they're at home they're from Dudesons
are from finland so they know what snow
is here in Ohio we don't have much of a
winner lately it's all been this is the
most snow I've seen on the roads in a
while so going back out the Dudesons are
about to land in about 40 minutes we're
headed to the airport on time bro is on
time when it's you're somebody else
do you need any bottom briefs that's not
really my style you know that so we're
kind of early we thought we would be
nice and get off this is stupid some big
trash bags because the only place to put
their luggage is in the bed of the truck
it's like nasty out so why were you so
nice to these guys they're our friends
yeah you'll be saying that by Friday 39
gallons the biggest trash bag they have
yeah 55 gal 55 gallon Oh back up here 39
is not gonna fit you
like the one Airport adventure that
never has anyone here look this is our
Airport listen
we are here the Dudesons are going to
land in about ten minutes we are we
parked up front is that even allowed
I couldn't find a bathroom I looked I
looked everywhere just waiting people
porn down as escalators for like 10
minutes he can't really move until the
store and came back and so waited here
huh it's been a long way I think it's
like a flight got delayed I'm like wait
what's up good to see you
what's up dude how are you Eric it's
good to be back pack like women hmm I
don't know about that yes Yoda was the
only one not here on the last trip and
I'm excited to have you
then they brought Eric cameraman editor
I can't believe I would help you but I'm
too busy vlog I just went B words are so
terrified I think they're they left so
we got you guys some big trash bags for
your luggage that's good so it doesn't
get wet so friendly thank you but I'm by
the way somebody's got to ride in the
back
I don't know we're all just out your
opening trash bag you know it's gonna be
a rough week when we're already there
already paranoid of why they're putting
their luggages are nice sighs it's
perfect
no officer I hope we get pulled over I
really do it it makes sense the man all
right we should probably address this
right now I told my viewers we were
doing a raw vlog this week where are the
guys we're missing we're missing two
Dudesons HP and your fee yeah I mean
they don't have them work permit so they
can't travel into this country even
though they've had it for nine years
we're gonna renew it every three years
and it's still taking a long last time
they're you know the the Uncle Sam still
got his hand all the way up in here for
the missing thumb you could decided to
tell me that last second we rented
Brittany and I rented a big van for a
full week and then he said they weren't
coming we just we cancelled it but it's
awesome we'll bring in the man Wow all
right are you ready we're at do it
mother let's go eat
that's a beautiful when way to start off
with a little hello family tradition you
got us so I feel like we're missing part
of the family man we are but that means
we only have half the trouble which
means half my house my house I'm not
gonna be standing just give it to me
okay
no go yeah go for brown there is no safe
place so we're sitting here at dinner
and Jana just said something incredibly
crazy he's never been to Walmart never
never time does that boy I mean how much
crap am i bought all my life so we're
gonna go he knows you have to come out
eventually
good either you're really good or we
really suck I think we should keep it
don't know how exciting this is for you
guys but I've never been with a
first-timer here this is do you know
many things I've done inside one of
these stores it's crazy you pied me in
the face
ah where it all began here we race bikes
I race verne troyer and his cart at
Walmart so here yeah so we told your
know at Walmart it's tradition that you
ride in the car
thank you before we came in Brittany
said I do actually have to buy a couple
things and don't get cheeky Dalton just
can't hear the exercise you got to get
your exercise here at Walmart man all
right ready hey Brit what do we actually
come in here for there's actual reason
so I came in for frozen stuff for
smoothies but I don't I didn't see it
should get the kids a new bike I mean
Kane would love this security can't even
catch you on that he's coming around
turn to your honor's getting a full at
Walmart experience the brakes where
that's good gosh
I'm just so glad to see I'm having so
much fun yeah I mean it's his first time
and Bob aren't just gotta take
everything up he working it is dry
Destruction Derby I knew we were
actually shopping what's this fruits and
veggies a play ball a bat pink bike red
we're set hey man say what you want
about Walmart but they just let us have
a lot of fun and the manager even came
up at the end and said thanks for not
destroying the place guys I'm not open
up whoa whoa temperatures dropping
you know regardless of if we get snow or
not tonight
we can still pull this behind the ATV
it's all waterproof there's that we can
borrow it hi gravel
what's up gram are you waiting for me
I'm sleeping next to you I'm sleeping
next to you yes I am grandma and you
could have a little connection last time
they were here and I'm sleeping naked oh
you are yup oh yes you do I do love you
grandma see you soon
hey what up cane man my buddy are you
ready for the Batman to come in the
house
rock and roll guy wait to see you body
we are headed to the house that it's
official y'all know what you think of
Walmart stay there overnight
I wish yo look at this snow it's
beautiful we're in Finland right yeah we
just were you guys know we warp a lot
we're doing the Finland jump look at
this should we all just go stay in the
furniture I think that's a sick photo
out there yeah it's gonna officially
dropped my phone guys official fix it a
little bit of duct tape oh yeah oh yeah
let's get a picture
yep
oh my gosh it's so slick come on it's
everywhere that was really funny so bad
I'm soaked I'm soaked it still works no
way whoa how does this work like that
lose it even attached I'm sorry I just
like my name that pops up oh well this
is something to actually enjoy we
haven't seen snow like this all year I
think you guys brought it all the way
from Finland cane we're getting snow
dude we are legit getting snow look how
deep it is right now
took took forever to get home I love it
Vince Finland this means a lot of fun
that means this is coming out in the
morning we're having snow snow hey I
know you hate spending the night but you
got to you won't take please kick me you
you have no idea how long it took to get
home it's deep right and or even in our
truck my snow yeah that might I got warm
spot right next to me giving crashing
cane hi buddy
oh hey guys I gotta make a call it's a
fingerprint alert
who's taking the ball pit room I tried
to tell you last time we are is that all
over the Rubio ones I called soft
inaudible this is a nice spot because
you can still watch TV yeah I'm here
this actually looks nice oh this looks
real
I might actually come up here man sorry
bread sleeping with the dog who got this
bedroom I want to please all jump we can
launch him off the rails right so what
you do to get this room I call it
shotgun I'm the only one who can
actually lock his door yeah we now the
locks working here I brought my own lock
we are uh y'all be so paranoid to sleep
right here Jana I'm sorry but I can be
so paranoid yeah let's see how many
times I can be play yard Oh spin the
fuckin just keeps sneaking out yeah so
uh have fun coming in our room this go
take guard boy
this is probably the realest version of
what it's actually like hanging out with
us right here it's late
it's laptop time about to start editing
we're gonna call it a day get ready for
tomorrow we got snow dude I'm so excited
you guys help you guys no I said if if
we get snow it needs to be with the
Dudesons and first day you brought it
thank you
we got a date wake-up call for us good
wake-up call these guys have a finished
way of waking up in the morning so we'll
get to that
come on thank you guys if you want to
see us do anything unusual hit me in the
comments I'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
snob
perfect
