are you a hundred percent sure you want
this to happen
like a hundred percent I thought about
it what's happen tomorrow
the Dudesons are coming to our house hi
buddy are you sure like you've what you
thought this out I have not thought
about it at all you just said they were
coming and I don't think I said anything
do you remember the last time the dishes
were here so you're okay with it
I don't never like it missing anything
so I just want to make sure everybody's
on the same page here the Dukan are
coming tomorrow in case you guys forgot
last time here's a little flashback
perfect
hey guys good news there's a flight
tomorrow for you guys
baxlo are all right guys so having
special guests to your home into your
house is a lot of responsibilities you
gotta have sleeping areas we got how
many got five guys five this time all
the Dudesons plus cameraman and editor
for them um it's a lot of responsibility
you gotta have a lot of food a lot of
places to sleep blankets pillows oh yes
we don't need any of that
please don't come in and say anything
else you have to have place for them to
sleep and get on thermal let's go little
rascals let's do it
oh you are fast come on this would be
awesome in the ball pit room a little
kids bunk bed and then you can jump off
the top bunk into the ball it kind of
looks like our couch huh and you can
even ride on it I love it well bottom
line is they don't have sturdy bunk beds
not here it's for kids
if bunk beds are typically for kids what
we want adult bunk beds where you get a
good adult bunk bed cane you thinking
about it look at this game it's a rope
lamp ah that's awesome
we should get that for Grandma on
grandpa you think they'd like it knows
we can you go up it's a magic bed hmm oh
man hey come back down to us game I
would love to have free range of a
furniture store for a day like to just
come in and do whatever you want feel
like you could have a lot of fun here
bring in some bikes and build some ramps
and stack the mattresses and
oh yeah hope you start working now you
should be able to get it in about 12
years I'm getting the manager all right
we didn't have too much luck there game
you don't wash the truck for some money
or Noah you go you don't
uh-oh we got trash go get it get it get
it you're using the Force kids crazy
get it can get it
Oh 233 yeah it's nice to be greeted by
this big bear alright so we stopped and
got something we haven't done a long
time asking me so excited man you guys
are just gonna like I have to watch this
video we're gonna grill some steaks good
steaks local butcher local meat and
check this out what is that
Alfredo noodles biscuits I got the big
ones dude bigger and flakier hey you
think we have propane it's been sitting
here a long time we're gonna steal the
gas from a little fireplace here well it
feels pretty light man I don't know it's
gonna suck so bad if I get the steaks on
here and this gives out here goes I
don't even the last time I use this
thing it's been a while we go we got
fire boy come here boom alright while
the grill heats up I want to play a
little game with Cain that I don't know
if this games a real game or just
something that we used to do when we
were kids or if I just accidentally came
up with the idea here is the game okay
you got to get your army man why don't
you pick five guys get 5 snipers ready
this guy's gonna have a tough shot
that's a long shot with a handgun
bazooka man you know blow your ford up
alright I got my guys you setting yours
up let me help you that's where you want
your guys awesome ok grab a little
marble the object of the game is each
one of us get the roller Marvel if we
shoot the marble and we hit a guy he's
dead last guy with a guy left wins you
ready oh I got a guy oh so he's out one
down for verse 5
two guys with one marble all right my
shot Oh three verse three
aah oh you got me to verse three
Oh got one to verse two
tubers - you can make this game it is
his stream as you want you could go all
the way back there and obviously a flat
surface is better because knees the
marble literally ramps but it's whatever
we're just having fun goofing off right
what you got an extra guy here we go
boom all right tubers - again he just
keeps adding guys okay take your shot
oh so close
Oh daddy got the lucky shot
oh those complete luck now look you can
add to this game right so you can use a
regular Marvel but if you get a tank or
a perk
these are perk items all right you have
to buy this is 99 cents extra you get a
bigger Marvel the tank shoots the full
size you want to buy a tank just through
on the stakes holy cow Zeus you probably
just drooling over here you can smell
everything
are you guys ready to go down
Gregor yeah here's Noah's team we all
get five guys little base Cain good job
I like it
here's daddy's five guys ready
oh one guy down and bounce it Oh took
down your base and your flag oh it took
me out Oh takes you out oh that's it
it's two hours to total mess
oh not gonna lie it's a fun game we
should call it mark our balls or mark
Marmee marble Terry this this is like
the cheapest game ever a couple marbles
one horrible actually and some cheap
plastic army guys come every once in a
while everything just goes to plan the
gas didn't run out on the grill we got
steak we got food we got food hook yep
how's the steak looks like you're making
a heart piece out of it there's quite a
bit of fat on it I love the fat that's
what my just I taste all good you know
the food's good when nobody's talking
all right dinners wrapped up and it
wouldn't be a Sunday for us if we didn't
grab some mail typically we try to catch
up on mail but there is no touching up
on mail I love you little dude I can't
wait ten years from now to watch that
clip right there I'm sure it'll be
precious now it's just goofy we can just
carry up these boxes and get caught up
here that whole wall is all boxes as
well open this box and fold some shirts
oh please can we fold shirts pick your
mail boys pick your mail boys that's
funny to go around this jumbo jet we're
gonna dig in this one is specifically
addressed to Noah and Kane I can't be
what it is could be everything you guys
needed
you don't know what it is you guys are
gonna want this we have so much fun with
this what does it rip it open Hawk oh my
gosh what is it came dead hops all this
and it looked really big so I thought it
could be a little prank I'm Trey and I
love this I live in Jacksonville Florida
I don't know about the kids but the
Dudesons are coming tomorrow so that
should get them through the week
Thank You Trey what is next
yeah there's nothing in that boss it's
so light it's like bull aside from his
art class in school him and his friends
Charlie in the Chocolate Factory biggety
biggety Moo you're gonna make it a Moo
you're gonna be gettin be gonna be gonna
be gonna be gonna move you can't open no
one now charlie horse fine yeah I'm
taking on little baby I'm picking up
what is it this is the point what are
you doing all right well we got in there
mama wait wait stand right there
oh no no you can't have that one popped
it Hey yeah well
good boy he's like I know it's not my
but let me have it
mother oh it's cool we followed Bitzer
22 just what are you doing oh there is
it it is this get it get it
he knows look at that get it good boy
there's another one there's another one
Zeus yeah this is a serious package dude
is so much stuff in here the tennis
balls were Zeus that's that's good even
if they weren't they were gonna
consistence he turns enemies like this
from Zachary Bell Zachary Bell hooking
it up alright this one's coming in says
hey guys made this just for your family
it's one of a kind it would be awesome
if you could place it between the
kitchen doorway and the closet really
knows our place much love from Brady
from Pennsylvania oh well you think it's
super nice it's like legit Thank You
Brady it's it's super nice I mean the
camera doesn't do it justice but it's
all wood it's super nice it's clean
simple me love it this is like wait is
there anything in here for me well this
side says restroom this is a saw a bunch
of mints a random box of goodies
probably my favorite oh you got a little
cookbook is from JD Blake from Texas he
wants you to see it mommy
did you see it did you see it mommy
Cain Cain Cain Cain K hey never a dull
moment
Sicily every box everyone that Solaris
coming in from Anna from Queens New York
my husband Eddie and I are huge fans of
your YouTube channel and small more
story you're truly blessed with an
amazing family everyone is just so
pleasant outgoing inspiring devoted
honest people very verifying it thank
you so much Anna and Eddie
oh honey daddy's gonna take this off
your hands I just want to say it's
always really nice you guys defensively
striking to get this crap up me and I'll
participate did even my cameras covered
it is well thanks for the silly string
guys always nice you guys to send that
stuff soos loves it Kane loves it yeah
you're pretty much covered all right so
the silly string queens are Lauren
Melville and Isabel they're 9 11 and 12
and they are all neighbors and they live
in Ohio that's awesome okay I had the
names wrong Cece I think Lauren and
Isabel that's you since but check what
we got here boss who's a daddy
oh that's
good mm-hmm he little silly boy hey
Roman please put this where you can see
it in the vlog I made it because you're
an inspiration tell Kane I said hi
Mayson dies born day this morning Hey
look what Haley sent for you whoa shield
that has your name on it captain Kane
liked it yeah that's not your worst look
at him he's been pretty on it like when
he puts his nose in a box they either
had dogs or there's something in there
for him he was right there's dog treats
right in the box
no he's he's starting to like I think
Zeus is really starting like van man
this will come in from Haley from
Virginia thanks for the stuff and Zeus I
don't know what's in this box smells
alike that he loved them
imagine how long this must have taken
check this one up
wow you can barely see it from here all
those little pieces with love from
Cheyenne and Elijah PS no one I share a
birthday which i think is awesome that's
cool no watch your face
that means cuz you're smiling and
there's a smile
put this one over at it that one's from
Valerie Bennett banana just like them
yeah Rasika hair Kane look little box of
Lego's good family mark tells oh my gosh
it's a rock salt lamp I just bought this
I know it's crazy but we can put one in
another room who is that from mark so
mark just sent us a rock salt lamp these
things are amazing and we just bought
one what last week two weeks ago all
right guys we're gonna end it with that
I have to uh I'm actually going to edit
the vlog get some sleep we have a big
not just date tomorrow but the whole
week is filled full of craziness man
like tell me that comes what would you
like to see us do with the Dudesons this
week we have a lot of things planned and
a lot of time to do things so the
options are endless thank you for
watching today this was a real like us
with the kids day man this is really
what it's like we play some games we
opened the man it is really today was
pretty real I didn't like I didn't like
do anything to make this vlog
entertaining like that there was a
glimpse into what it's really like we
love you guys our family loves you thank
you for all the support thanks for all
that you know what just thank you you
guys know what's up we will see you
tomorrow big fun week I'm going to try
to launch starting tomorrow raw blog so
this should be a lot longer all week
fuller don't kill me if I mess up smile
more guys you're freaking beautiful
you're one of a kind
don't forget it we go dude we're gonna
have a forest fire bro not about hey let
me jump it
whoa
