all those clothes
hey guys welcome to the vlog channel we
are about to pack up what hi we're about
to pack up all this stuff head to my
brother's house basically try to create
something fun today something different
something new we've never tried and with
all this stuff should be a pretty fun
day I am taking just about all my random
crap tripods mouths anything you can
think of to put a camera on tons of
chargers extra batteries we got way more
GoPros than we actually need all right
I'm gonna take the monsters you get
better
oh let Britt sleep she's still down
she's laid out look like a pro boxer
just lost the night before you go stay
in sleep bye mommy
i hi zeus me and my boys today baby
we're gonna have some you better have
some fun or what yeah yeah all right
let's do it all right you ready to do
this oh you got a new vid yeah uh yeah
yeah I gotta see I can't show you guys
action-packed thriller dude love it
hard at work on that one be sure to
check out the house new vid it's up by
the time this goes up right oh yeah
thing we want to do is try to set up
some type of track or obstacle Dale's
got the best backyard because these
trucks will go just about everywhere
there's so many different path options
we have a main path here in here and
then there's one down there like the
whole idea today is that we race outside
but we drive inside no idea really what
to expect but it looks perfect look at
the point of view super cool setup yeah
I don't know yeah I guess we'll see so
here it is guys here's our rig this is
our trucks we have the executive trucks
this is our exact we have the exact same
trucks the same camera rigs the same
transmitters and hopefully we won't be
able to drive and nails woods from
inside his house give me swing this kind
of your awesome so right now we're
trying to figure out how to rig our
GoPros so that we can cut into the Edit
it's actually what we're seeing
basically kind of again right like that
it's although we'll be seeing from here
you guys will be seeing
the truck did you did you have a spare
GoPro for me um I mean you have to take
a look or you got the new 5 that isn't
even out yet I want to use them yeah
yeah but what are we doing here well
here's the thing first of all John got
here yeah I'm here to help
I know so little what's crazy is there's
no pizza that you took its way right I
told you there was no guarantee all
right well let's see if it enough right
no matter what mount we use it becomes
rocky on the GoPro because it's just I
mean it's its weight on plastic so we're
gonna actually just physically tape the
camera to the frame should give a more
stable shot you guys didn't just
shrink-ray an actual SUV nope you're
ready dude yeah let's go already
John said it best you got all this
technology and then tape tape giving me
credit for something that I said is that
it is stealing it that was John Corman
II actually did this uh I didn't do it I
have all these mounts he invented the
tape - yeah that's nobody knows that now
Roman it fitted the brass knuckle mount
for the go I don't know if I've ever
showed that look at this it's a GoPro
mount brass knocker listen for UFC you
know they can get the real good yeah
it's the first person great person fight
I real test these babies out we're going
out the front door here's our screens
and they are ready to go and we're going
to follow the leader okay all right
probably huh
provide alarm that is so fun and not
into the jungle babe oh there's a sled I
go over the sled oh there you are
rocky terrain of SATA like nothing like
there wasn't even sled there oh this is
a sick ramp right here what is this he's
going for it
oh yeah well screen only guys that's the
rules so anywhere crystal clear no
breakup it is wild
damn fitted fur we got nail upside down
oh yeah here he is you'll see bet on the
GoPro V yeah
yeah look looking Roman screen I'm
straight up Oh is he underwater Roman
has flips I don't think I'm in the water
Roman has flipped Dale can take the lead
there's the mission they're not even
racing whoo dude that GoPro is good ha
ha ha Oh John okay
good survival thank you so fun huh it's
all did conquer Rome over oh look at our
whole deal this is the whole everybody
wants us to dig up oh wow that's nice we
have to put on scuba gear because we're
so deep you have to dive in my I'm
coming
this camera is heavy check out my go
sight still recording no way all your
GoPro lived yeah I think it barely lived
look less than an inch away from water
look oh there's the water Oh barely
you're like yeah well we literally were
in there and he's like oh yeah we don't
need cases we're fine we're fine
Oh
his looks like oh yeah that one's
recording they'll just flipped Oh cut it
out cut it out Dale good all right that
one needs a grease and these things look
covered and like turkey do do stuff
looks like it's covered in dragon
diarrhea dragon diarrhea Dale is like a
surgeon with this thing
oh good job bro Roman is the green truck
oh yeah ow
these are brand new Wranglers so ready
to race and we got to build something
yeah yeah we got to figure out what
what's next and I've definitely immersed
myself into the vehicle so I'm I'm
really gonna be able to get inside would
you say you're one with the vehicle not
yet
yeah we're getting there well we're off
to a good start dude we got to put them
in cases go in mine yep Tom this one's
yours go press can I say chocolate cover
yeah you want it fresh I didn't really
have enough I'll go grab a toothbrush
I'm super annoyed because my sd card
popped out so I don't know what I got on
him all right guys we've decided to
switch it up a little bit we are gonna
actually create a rope soaked in
kerosene or some type of liquid the clay
Llosa
flavor mole and we're gonna try to ramp
the truck through the fiery rain this is
uh this is called the dragon jump Oh
dragon jump dragon jump jump it oh I
like the dragon theme we can do a square
it doesn't have to be a circle just a
burnin Cuba fire burning Cuba fire burns
like a cube of fire Dale's down here
building the ring I'm gonna build the
ramp I'm in charge of the ramp so I
don't know he's by myself anybody got a
hammer nails John just appears hammer
nails that's right say you build a ramp
out in the woods if you ever need one
this is a good shelter to could sleep
wonder this tonight I will my wife
already kicked me out that's why I'm
here Oh glad to have him that's just
like the one you used on your bike when
you broke your that seems like a good
story for the vlog
it wasn't wood I did break this arm both
bones and the some BMX I was I was out I
was really close so learning 360s on
doubles sure there's no middle it's a
double and uh I bailed I was a good
baler I slid down I stood up didn't even
know didn't even know my arm was like
dropped
this terrible huge compound fracture
nice test
good job cane test jump number one no
fire just roping RC muscle and dreams
easy on the landing
I look out guys we don't know what's
gonna happen here we go no perfect so
there is some danger involved cool foods
on fire
hey you landed upright hey how's my
little boy how's my big boy feel my
fingers feeling your neck
really give me and tickle me no it's
cold
ah all right so we're gonna let the Sun
go down so that the fire is hot we're
gonna eat some wings John
ah
we broke them John is broken Dale help
John help John thank you that's a close
one man all right guys we're gonna try
to pull it off the fiery ring of death
are you ready to see it
me too I don't think it works very well
on gravel all right we're about to soak
this row it's not even a ring I don't
know what this object is what is that
object hex rx huh gone we're gonna
attempt to get a pretty crazy picture
here I can make it look darker
we went from creating a race to setting
a rope on fire and ramping through it it
was always yeah this could be the finish
line dude my voice is cracking all day
my nose is stuffed just got a text from
Brittany she is still super sick I can't
even believe it
we're gonna do a tester this is it yeah
all right Kayne charcoal fluid go back
there ladies and gentlemen please don't
try this at home
no warmups
no warm-ups necessary we're going for it
all right
we are soaked in charcoal blue light her
up there we go dude we can have a forest
fire bro not I oh hey let me jump it
whoa gunfire got any fireproof gloves I
don't know what happened what the little
rope wasn't so Kevlar so gotcha I mean
charcoal fluid to it farm as long as
it's soaked in fluid it won't burn all
right second attempt I don't know what
happened actually what we're gonna soak
it up a little better and yes it touch
the fire whoa check it what do you think
of that awesome oh you see it came like
kraut fans thank no one wound what do
you guys think of that well you sir
truck going through the fire you fallen
huh
all right we're gonna step it up a notch
I successfully went through the fire now
it's Noah's turn this is risky this is
risky this isn't bad for throwing this
together today like right now we're
gonna light the fire for you oh this
stuff burns way better all right buddy
you ready
hey are you ready let's sit
this is Noah's first jump faster oh yeah
that's one way to do it I so here's pre
hit in the air looks good
Oh on the rope and then it gets well
it's like a full day time shot yeah so
weird wait go back
it's full night on fire and then that's
a sweet shot that was a lot of fun lot
of RC stuff today you guys build a
little for what's going on here I see
feet let's go in
who's in there Noah yeah are you sure
thank you guys yeah although for in here
what do you think hello are you drunk
yeah look miserable
all right kids everybody sit here ready
it's time for class melih
it's time for class put the toys down
right we got to learn some things today
you guys ready for class come on you're
gonna want to learn this you're gonna
want to learn this okay I sat on the
couch and started reading this book and
I am baffled by space every time I read
about space I freaked out like it messes
with your head because it's so vast it's
so massive it's so unreachable it just
blows your mind so what's the fastest
thing ever and the whole world what is
it what's the fastest thing in the whole
world on flash is the fastest thing in
the world huh how about fine light light
when you turn on a light switch it's
instantly light right yeah that's it so
light is the fastest thing yeah
okay flashes festive we're gonna say
flash all right light travels at 186,000
miles a second that means if you shine a
light at the moon you can blink your eye
it's there that's how fast it is deep so
a light year is how far light can travel
in one year to get to the nearest star
to us it's 4.3 light years away and how
much is one light you have to travel the
speed of light for 4.3 years to get I
don't have time to get there honestly
guys space is baffling it drives me nuts
man I can't even think about it ah look
at all the stars it's crazy out here
soos hey boy yeah you scared me
he's happy you guys are back oh yes he's
looking for you he's looking for you
right now
I hope that you enjoyed today's vlog it
was so awesome me out with all the kids
my brother getting some one-on-one time
with him just doing what we do man
goofing off having fun being parents
showing our kids how to have fun I hope
you guys can take a little bit of our
energy and do something fun yourselves
um I don't really recommend doing
anything that we ever do in fact I'm
actually against anything that I'm not
sure that our ideas are always good but
on a real note guys get out do something
fun man get up get off the couch for a
little bit turn off the TV maybe put
your phone away but that's it guys I
love you hope you have a great day hope
you had a great day we will see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile oh no God let him
you know what is the recommended dose
doc smaller like just just put it on
your tongue oh he's never eaten this dog
let him have it
no taste don't let him have it it's been
what I know
