hey guys welcome to the vlog we were
leaving the beautiful city of
Philadelphia this morning I love this
place so much
if you're just now joining the vlogs we
have been in a different city almost
every day it looks like I've lived here
for a month
look at this we're headed to my hometown
Columbus Ohio
I'm so excited sold-out show tonight I'm
working out our guest list oh I don't
know if I told you guys this so you you
guys know we did the skunk prank in
Miami well I've been traveling with that
skunk and I don't know if I told you but
it stinks like a skunk what's up buddy
you ready yeah
how bad is that skunk smell awful it's
only it the whole hallway this whole bag
smells like a real stuff it was finding
so we got a wet Miami and now it's like
disgusting this the new 2016 model right
here check it out
hey man I'm going home today yeah I'm
going home whoo going home to see my
kids today man I've been gone for six
years
I don't look good man I don't look good
you sure you won't drive through that
oh that's not good man oh the cops
that's not good that tanks gonna go oh
it's not good
warping into the airport headed to
Columbus again I keep saying it I'm
going home we're going home
Rory yeah Christian you guys stay with
us oh we I'm off phone we got the whole
weekend off before we fly to Georgia
Atlanta Georgia on Monday and then LA
premiere then Los Angeles Tuesday
hundred-fifty car then Chicago Illinois
after that so we got a we got a couple
more dates huh oh thank god I can't walk
another step oh you gotta help me out I
need to go to Terminal B 15 okay take me
to 15 all right please take my fist bump
you hard on the road again that is gonna
wear a disguise again just keep it
we're almost home baby almost home what
the hands say the face week yo holy crap
is that John Fitzpatrick John
Fitzpatrick holiday angry I get a selfie
yo John holy cow dude you guys know who
this guy is
secure your tray tables and come back
are locked in the
we made it home my friends won't it's
cold of course Columbus Ohio we got all
our stuff hot warm cold it doesn't
matter it feels good to be home we have
to go straight to the venue of the show
is like we're super late so yeah you
know after going all the other cities my
town feels kind of small I can't believe
that we're home right now in Columbus
and we can't go straight to our kids we
cannot go have to go straight to the
show it's like man how do I explain it
you have any kids man no straight to the
capital Peter oh boy elevators pump was
already got it all set up for us he
makes it look nice look at this he's
getting ready
every night gets nicer let's do some Red
Bulls whoa that looks good so as you
guys know the first thing we do is sign
300 posters which takes less than an
hour and we're getting faster every
night so I bet we can do this in 30
minutes if we if we really cranked on it
maybe what would you help it's easier so
this theaters really cool we have our
own dressing room like everybody has
their own dressing room and chairs
actually you could use a chair this girl
has sat one sink since I met her the
first time I ever like seen her do it I
thought it was the cutest thing in the
whole world that you sat on a counter
yeah so yeah tonight is very special
mainly because I'm in my hometown
Columbus and everybody's common mom
dad's brother's friends people haven't
seen since high school like literally
everybody so it's really cool it's
special excuse me I'm excited I'm
nervous um I'm not really nervous though
oh my god no that's what I call a nerve
that's when you burp when you're nervous
a nerve you ever nerve yeah I never
never before runner of all the time
gnarrk gnarrk gnarrk gnarrk like that
we got about 30 minutes before a meet-up
which is 300 people tonight's a lot of
people that takes about two hours an
hour and a half two hours but it's
awesome you check out this beautiful
theater tonight I've never been here
actually oh this is cool
it's all placed 'fl the upstairs - this
is great and personal we're like right
here like not high up this is awesome
yeah this is so awesome guys
yeah I'm gonna have my family here my
friends like what more could I ever ask
for
like this how do I get every single one
of you to see this movie man I'm telling
you it's so fun everybody wait we've
been shooting this promo and we've been
filming people spaces I'm gonna put it
in the vlog at the end of this tour
people are literally crying screaming
laughing is is the greatest
rollercoaster of emotions this movie I
can't wait to see it
it's Meetup time let's let's take them
what they really want no they don't
really want us they want this all right
here how you guys doing tonight
yeah Columbus finally I'm home baby
whoo all right man so you want to ask
your girl to prom on my vlog well let's
hear it let's do my girlfriend Hannah
we're good prom with me all right
he just has this girl to prom like that
that's it come on man you got to hit it
with the love bro that's gonna be like
he'll go with me do you guys remember
during the toy drive people that brought
toys got raffled in he was one of the
iPad winners that is awesome I love that
heck yeah
I want to shout out Zach doorman Emily
Osbourne and Randy Bachman love you guys
my mwah nice forget the famine what up
what up hi I want you oh god he's gonna
eat me it's not a joke it's good to see
you
Wow Dale says that mom and dad is stuck
in the 27th floor of this building of a
freight elevator and the freight
elevators it sounds like speed like all
over again the movie speed and the
elevators broke so that like servant how
do we find them
I don't know they're in one of these
building ha ha I don't know if that has
27 floors let's serve over there that's
27 floors it's a lot of windows so mom
and dad is locked oh my no no no so so
these are gifts people bring me every
night and one of the gifts is an
unopened cheesecake
the first thing John spots yo said is
that cheesecake read what is every open
it's it's all of ours now whoever gave
him this cheesecake thank you I know you
didn't mean for me to waste it but I'm
going to
you're not gonna waste it well it'll
come out as waste we got a lot of cool
guests and people that really want to be
on camera tonight but I got one special
guest that I'm honored to have here
chase mother-effing Gilroy hey buddy I
wouldn't miss it
well I'm actually very very excited I'm
trying to contain it you should be
excited this movie is I mean you helped
a lot with this oh I did a little bit
you didn't do any I didn't you did help
me mumbles here did you get mobbed out
there
everybody loves mom all she she loves
you guys thanks for all the support they
love her I just went in front on your
stage you went out it's at the people
are you
I'm a holler so this is our green room
tonight full of family friends you name
it
but I say thank you guys for coming out
we got a long way
whoo lot of you out there have a lot to
do with us getting to where we are today
all that support we love you all and we
can't thank you all enough for coming
out and doing this we all did this
together
this is our closest friends and family
tonight thank you guys so much I
remember meeting you guys for the first
time and I would made a movie don't get
emotional don't get emotional start
making our way to our seats so I think
some of you may have been talked to stay
back and the other ones that haven't
been talked to let's go find our seats
now yeah you boys ready do it already
own a couple hometown hometown baby
Wow
yeah
Oh
then tears would come out this way so
it's like crime lab reeks here nothing
you're I was pushing my side was like
laughing crying and the other one was
like crying crying sorry
my mother everybody oh thank you so much
dude oh my gosh I feel weight pulling a
train you're in the block getting back
really late really really late where's
Noah
I believe my baby I love you my baby
where's my boy / years I'll pick you up
for you through the wall of my boy Wow
hi soos dismiss us hey guys it is
current day we were also beat last night
we just did it say goodbye with er we
are home and we are happy week pickle
Noah Zeus
hey hey boy you go just one play ball
hey voice zombie Noah
peekaboo no guys we're home thank you
for coming home with us thanks for
traveling with us did you miss him we
got a live wire yeah we really just want
to say goodbye on this vlog today we
will see you tomorrow
thanks for all the support thanks for
all the say hi dad we will see you guys
tomorrow thanks for everything
smile ma let me help you sit are you
alright no he's faking he's faking oh
are you bleeding
