hi how are you good
I'm gonna follow me we're all gonna go
this way yeah we're actually right in
the middle the brakes so I'm gonna bring
you guys right to the studio okay
all right perfect so we're just going in
right now good right in the air
robots we're alive on 93.3 which is one
of these rocks yeah so now you have some
money to play with to make a movie and
what immediately starts to happen in the
planning stages is it just like evil
scientist you know yeah oh we get so
excited oh we got money to pull pranks
and then these big legal guys walk in
and like you don't do any of that fun
police now that's fun I like morning
radio I just don't like morning thanks
again man we'll do a picture with you
guys over here right on all right guys
kidding holy T I didn't start the vlog
yet cuz I just woke up went right in the
radio and I hope you're having a great
awesome day it's gonna be a lot of press
this morning and then our show here in
Philadelphia and I finally get to go
home to Columbus Ohio to do a show which
I'm pumped about how you guys feeling
today good good good good
this patella dude of this knees I'm
gonna hang it on your memories wall yeah
memories next stop hi how are you you're
the one we're here to see you guys were
working over to a different studio um
what is this country station Knox
country mask my favorite type of music
all right yeah one for the team and the
other one was one day yeah the lady has
the baby and a guy that's my favorite so
crazy we got to get some more until -
wants to do Dennis does this prank uh
well I guess I'll just let you show them
yeah this is pretty cool gonna target
we're gonna get on the speakers and let
everybody know currently shopping with
me but that's how desperate we are every
85 people in here
I just want to mess with that stuff so
bad like what's it do
does that really have a purpose super
cool hi how are you are you doing sound
well this is nice there I'm good
look at this guy look at him he's
checking his makeup right now okay yes
hey is this live yes it's not live okay
you guys look great by the way later
tomorrow what's your name man
David David thanks for having us thanks
man big fan like Stan I watch you guys
from the get-go so that's crazy
it's cool to have you guys in here yeah
I love it yeah but a Roman I mentioned
you mentioned something your vodka is
really interesting a moment and you guys
probably had the same answer the moment
you saw your name in the poster must be
a really cool Oh surreal feeling like I
mean hate you guys yet that people are
seeing your movie no like I've always
wanted like what what do people do in
their movie comes out like like when
they're sitting back like damn my movies
out right now I always wanted that
experience so I was very excited foot I
was at a dream to go to my own movies
sit with the audience to see people ever
my movie it's pretty awesome I love you
setups man look at this
this guy's awesome and he actually was a
fan he brought us in the tell out he
brought me swedish fish he brought john
his favorite snack is huge a bit oh okay
so you want to know how to prank so
we're going to do a peppermint prank
where it makes you look like your teeth
don't you just take a peppermint pattie
punch it up wash it up fight and like
oh my god are you alright oh this is a
dentist welcome for Nicole is it what's
the odds this was a gentle aah
we had no idea that he was just he was
doing a practice for the video then you
happen to walk out so this is something
fun anybody can do you bite on a little
man watch the red part looks like blood
the white part looks like teeth and this
is something Dennis wants to do lie
still shaking can you fix his teeth I
wish you could feel good Julie oh I
thought you were trying to pull a fast
one cuz I know I didn't push on the door
oh you trying to get free tea yeah here
we go
thanks hey guys good for my sin come on
over I'm gonna be super awkward sitting
here up on the tight fit in here you
ready dude good Mike check Mike check
Mike check Mike a little bit these mics
are kinda you know weird you got to lean
up with allah - may i help you sit are
you alright no he's faking he's faking
oh and you bleeding oh my god i think
you did not even really kick it are you
serious dude okay what do you hit is
that actually is taking up the desert
dentist's office next door are you okay
you serious I think you're here oh is it
that bad
Richard cage what do we do Oh shake me I
don't know that is good whoa
the shrimp long like cheese drives like
a peppermint I'm like we just killed a
guy hey that's a wrap on press for today
we're out back to the hotel get ready
for the show tonight
yep excited is this us all right guys
walking up to the hotel room Britney got
me a whole bunch of new black clothes
today we're in a super freaking rush and
I cannot find the room you don't have a
roofie hi it just doesn't work Oh what
does that get a new one I look okay well
that'll work a monkey they don't work
will work let's go we are the last ones
down that's very rare sorry lose your
belt
I'm sorry
shaver but Philadelphia show here we
come exciting we're stuck we're stopping
at a McDonald's figured a perfect time
to hide the tickets for the show tonight
now tonight I'm making it harder because
the last few days I've done it you guys
find it within I'm not kidding within
two minutes so I'm in the middle of what
is this broad and carpenter I got to do
this on snapchat I don't know why I'm
telling you guys so much I happen to
think this is really fun really really
fun I've hid it in this tree hang on
hang on I just hid it in this tree in
the McDonald's parking lot
class was something fun I really enjoy
and everybody always finds it I have no
idea where we're at by the way I think
somebody's gonna find that it's in a
tree you just yeah it's all snapchat
yeah
dude they already found the ticket hey
roll down your window dude Vitaly what
anyone there
come on good job guys
don't get hit by a cover we'll see you
tonight dude I'm telling you snapchat no
matter where you're at they find it like
that
oh there's another girl there's another
girl right there oh they're all right
look this guy this guy running down here
look at this oh that's the power of snap
hey this place is so awesome man
this whole building is crazy probably
the nicest places Wow
that is ridiculous I'm so happy that at
least one person showed up tonight
what's up man how you doing hey how you
doing bro thanks for coming out tonight
yeah you're gonna have a good night
tonight look at that I've never been
into a theater with nosebleed seats look
at that up there you're right it's a
cruise ship oh yeah I just look like it
there's even seats back here backstage
backstage seats so it's by far the
biggest venue of ever in this way by far
the biggest venue we got some D boy
we'll see you inside
let's meet up Tom meet-and-greet look at
look at we signed 300 of these every
night
ah this makes me so out you're the
coolest chick ever look at this so this
is our ticket finder and there was a
dude there was a bunch of people yeah
that was running down the streets for
these tickets how did you get there so
fast I was at Starbucks and I was
running with my Starbucks know when I
got there I was like oh my god have to
check the shaft at exactly where he put
I didn't even know where you just ran
just right oh well you got on dude
that's my boy Jason and my cousin Lisa
how are you I'm fourteen fourteen
fifteen come on so today's his birthday
no is Arizona 22nd birthday today happy
birthday dude what you got something
therefore cane and now oh you're the man
did I thought it was your birthday I'd
like to give a shout-out to Madison and
Nick I told you I'd be here proved you
wrong
what would you say he made you do that
he made me do it today at the barber
shop haha I love it
I'm gonna smile more because I met my
biggest fan is that you and I'm gonna
smile more because I met Roman out dude
so who's this from dude this is from our
best local art scene shop called RC
discount in Philadelphia right on
Huntington Party mate they brought us
all drones oh so if you're in
Philadelphia check out the RC shot what
if she discount there it is
you made this yourself dude you're
crafty ro you stain it nice and you love
Noah Oh Cody if you're watching this I'm
giving you a shout-out are Bri you two
in tack you two yeah cool what a meet-up
man let me tell you something about
meetups they are the most greatest part
what we do getting to meet and we
literally had people crying to meet us
today and it's just like overwhelming
awesome like there's nothing better but
let me be honest with you it exhausts
you it drains you because we stood there
for by two hours straight
you know from the toy drive and other
things that it's like it's just mentally
it's mentally taken everything yeah it's
great there's so much excitement it's
like two hours of like the highest part
of your life like and then when it's the
last person goes through you go so this
is pretty cool this is a screen these
are and all the green not all of them
but most of them you can watch the stage
and this is what's happening right now
so people are just starting to come in
which is weird because it's about to
start
really long oh yeah there's a delay
where's the work we we always run out to
watch the other movie of them and we'll
always freak out because we miss the
intro we don't get to hear the interest
I mean a little movie but like the
interest that's the hot nice high
watchin I will say this we weren't even
sure we were going to watch this movie
in the theaters and we have watched it
every night it's that fun to watch like
it's a good watch you're gonna enjoy
Oh
I don't know that was good everyone's
cleared out really send me out to call
it really well they called for literally
the last question was you came out to
save it it was great I like push the Q&A
was getting a little slow bringing out
the whole place with no years up that's
a wrap on Philadelphia the most
beautiful theater I've been to yet
unbelievable
I think we all had a blast again you
guys this support is next-level like I
can't I was up watch the movie tonight
and I felt like I was dreaming I felt
like I was really having a dream that's
crazy
I think they found our room whoa they
find us what huh
so we have a father and a mother that
wanted to bring their kids back because
of an incredible story that touched me
tremendously
so the show's over dad why don't you why
don't you explain hey guys hey dog my
name is Ricardo
like this is my nephew Jillian what's on
TJ my wife Monica and my other son Aidan
TJ at two years ago he collapsed on a
bass book for he had a cardiac arrest
and think for him that his baseball
coach saved his life with CPR and also
an AED that was at the field
TJ is alive today if it wasn't for CPR
and then when we're at the hospital
doctor at Children's Hospital yeah TJ
was actually watching your videos all
the time so TJ you want to say something
Roman why thank you
smile boys so the videos helped you get
through your day at the hospital every
day and you watch them it's incredible
man it's those stories that keep me
wanting to keep creating man you need a
big hug
you're a strong dude father strong is
doing in this room never surrender you
always had the faithfully Roma said you
know family family this is my family
right here beautiful family by the way
unbelievable so you got a beautiful
family to them it wasn't for you I would
tell me to just get right here
we're not big yelling it's 2:00 every
day you upload a video he's like I got
to see I got to see
thank you and thank you all the fans out
there keep watching them watching this
movie we do show like that's your Born
prankster best movie around how you
watch it you love it thank you guys and
ma'am
I'm kind of speechless I don't know what
to say so I'll tell you one thing you
can say whatever you want about the
daily vlogger or myself but if I've
helped one kid I am feel successful I
feel like I've accomplished a lot in my
life I've helped even one family or one
kid
I love yes yeah brother that story right
there or hit me hard man that dad looked
me in the eyes and said without true
videos I don't know if you would assume
I mean that's say what you want man but
I take it as a successful feeling right
there I'm gonna say some final goodbyes
and we're out off to Columbus Ohio
thank you so much you're the best Roman
I love you you guys just have one thing
for me I'll get everybody okay what's up
are you doing
they're crazy out here in Philadelphia
oh yeah this is for the vlog guys for
the vlog if you gotta I told y'all get
in the blood
alright guys warp it back to the hotel
and I have to end this vlog thank you
for all the daily support especially on
these travel vlogs I know they're not
the you know the family vlogs that I
love to do we will be home all weekend
with the kids especially for Easter
tomorrow we hit Columbus for its
premiere and then I'm home so I get a
couple days with my boys then the family
and thank you for being here through
this crazy journey we will see it
tomorrow you're beautiful you are
one-of-a-kind don't let nobody tell you
differently smile more oh my god I
almost hit her in the head did he did it
that was an epic fail by Roman outlet
everybody I guarantee he cuts I
guarantee he cuts this out of the wall
