what's up my friends we are starting
with a crazy adventure this morning I
got it I'm just gonna show you I can't
even explain it look at this the ground
is so soft there's no way it's all the
way there's no you know the problem is
the yard is flooded here's our building
guys here's our problem
holy cow it's all the way to the bottom
alright here's here's what we're gonna
do let's hook up and just see what
happens
I mean it's buried it's buried man the
yard is like soup it rained all night
these poor guys been out here trying to
work the tractors just buried so we're
gonna give it a go I don't know what's
gonna happen this it's rough this little
tiny ropes gonna work that's 8,000 pound
test a tractor only weighs 4 you gotta
love Ohio man it just rains and rains oh
yeah we're going we're going oh nothing
you got mud in the truck and nothing oh
my god you're already like dude I'm
stuck I'm stuck ha ha ha oh my god
instant instantly all that water me
that's your fix build a trench let's
work in don't tell me it's not oh my got
it pushes out
I'm gonna make some phone calls I'm
gonna call some people not gonna lie my
truck barely got out this is the last
truck that tried to make it through my
yard there is never a dull moment at
Woodhouse Kane built a tent out of my
parachute you missed yesterday's vlog I
parachuted off the balcony successfully
come flying in you guys saw the landing
it's pretty nice Kane and I just squeeze
some fresh oranges look at this is it
good here ready that's all we squeezed
there you go
kind of crab is this it's a porcelain
crab he's amazing he's mainly a filter
feeder so he puts up these little
filters show Zeus he doesn't know where
is he goes follow his snap his nose cool
yeah
he's gonna live in our fish tank down
here you want to hold him no you want to
eat him
you make a good little sandwich Rob what
kind of snails is count chestnut Howry
he's not poisonous no look there's the
other one think they don't know all
right guys last month maybe I told you
that even if it was a short vlog I was
gonna upload it I've already missed two
days this year I'm really really
stressing out about that buck you see
this box this giant box
those are my bank statements and if I
don't go through them for taxes there
may not be a Roman Atwood football
they're gonna go gobble me up so today's
a very short vlog and I wanted to make
it longer but I just thought I can't I
cannot do it today and instead of not
uploading at all which was actually an
option in my head I thought I'd at least
come on show you what's going on out
there tractor stuff mud running mess
mayhem some of the ugly stuff that
youtubers really don't talk about that's
what we have to do if literally I and I
think that most people probably print
their bank statements off each month and
they do their there's stuff they have to
do each month but me I wait until the
whole year's Dom and then I pile it up
so I know this is a short vlog but it is
better than nothing hopefully I love you
guys that's our update today that is our
little little vloggity vlog and I'll see
you tomorrow we're getting ready for the
Dudesons which is going to be a week of
destruction may have fun yeah I love you
guys you're beautiful don't let nobody
tell you different
smile one-of-a-kind oh it's so hot fail
dude it's not a pair of shoes okay here
we go if it snags on something over
bottles off okay test one Joe
