hey guys welcome to the vlog I'm in DC
washington DC day every day we get you
better be smiling often to a bunch of
press today and then uh actually I'm
really late so I gotta go right
feel like I should be bringing something
but I'm not bringing anything I losing
my mind
good morning what's up brother you ready
to do this
say cheese cheese Marsha uh you guys
ready you guys are ready
mmm yeah what's up dude what's up man
nice camera
hey on my face bro oh hey mom mom yeah
me what are we going this morning tour
mom where we're going to the CBS station
live live yes
okay look at that was it look alive
so we're about to go live at CBS Studios
and I don't know what to expect I think
the Tally's gonna do something he wants
to do something to do the interview I'm
just gonna sit in pull up my pants he
said like I'll be happy I just keep
talking
ed Jean LaRose is Jean ISIL ready for
interview yeah oh my god
this is it right here yeah I love these
sets man look at this wow wow this is
nice little studio audience here or
these is this the jury Hey so it's gonna
be awkward if I'm filming myself the
whole time during the interview guys was
it April Fool's Day which is a very
appropriate release date for this
particular film is called natural born
pranksters take a look today will
promoting a youth in bed is so funny and
you are the prankster then fell from an
ad would fatality and Jenna's rolling
welcome to the show thanks for having us
you guys are awesome hey man thanks for
having us hey good stuff thank you man
you're awesome you guys are all great so
nice brilliant all right that's a wrap
and I just got to capture this right now
with the flag in the background
he looks CIA are you sure you're not
setting us up okay warping to the next
spot not sure is this the police station
what is this where we government it's a
government building what am i doing in a
government gonna be instead of what is
this talk to me in trouble where are we
right now
something's going on cuz they just
pulled Vitaly out
come on man hey with Cassie she's gonna
make me look good
finally Oh what we're doing here I want
to do it like this so that we don't get
on you know from where we are right now
Voice of America huh and see it started
out and I think through a war - as radio
ah so this used to be radio it still in
its 203 people today please battalion I
came what's up man good to meet you man
let me ask you guys something when we do
this interview where would people see it
everywhere when it was the mean
everywhere that means just you see how
like there's you know the earth
I like everywhere and we get somebody
else to do this interview and they put
it everywhere there's a TV monitor so
you're saying when this but when we're
done with this interview everyone will
see it everyone will see it - on so we
have we people we have our viewership is
217 million I'm gonna I'm gonna try to
do this interview cross odds will you
film that screen you don't do this no no
I don't know how I'm gonna do it yeah do
it
good I don't know if I can like hold my
god it's good though you want to be a
little bit different than you know we
were we were definitely a lot for that
we were hoping for different all right
ready okay anytime you're ready thanks
for having me by the way this is great
Rowan thanks a lot for coming here to
our VOA stay and for having me this is
awesome I never been here I I didn't
even know this place existed yes so the
UH for me it belongs exactly that the
vlogs just they really teach your
viewers who you are and when they come
up to you they know you they know
everything about it's kind of surreal
it's it always catches me off guard like
how's Kane like my four year old and I'm
like oh yeah you know can I open this
guy we try to bring out government seal
tight door Holy Smoke
you'll need a little Lube if you want to
open that up here sir registration for
what not bothering anybody just standing
here getting in the car we're just
standing here and the police pulled up
we're just about to get in our car
police pull up undercover cool guys just
walk back to the hotel I have some super
special showing up I think you know who
this person is and I'm gonna be honest
with you I don't think either one of us
could've went another day so although
we've been working really hard in two
different cities two different states
it's time to read and I I'm so excited
you might tell how excited I am so there
we go this is always the most exciting
part for me did you get enough you did
it
flight was rough they had everybody hi
God Hey
so my girls here finally noticed I just
got in a comforter I missed you oh not
much time to waste we have to go
straight to our first ever movie
premiere for this tour starting here at
Washington DC see ya guys it's gonna be
awesome
ready for sure sure know what you know
what alright let's do this
I'm ready just met up with the whole
team we're about to roll over and my
brother actually came up with this idea
to go leave tickets in each city hidden
like a scavenger hunt so I'm gonna take
to DC tickets it's kind of it's really
not for you guys I'm just showing you
what I'm doing and I'm gonna snapchat
where I hate them like behind a bush
some random store and then I'm gonna
hope somebody comes to get them and then
alright we're looking for a place to
drop these tickets something
recognizable some will be easy to find
oh that's busy Hawaii you guys caught
are you guys coming tonight
yeah I'm going your nori dig yeah I got
to get a picture let's do it
picture it up I don't know how to do you
know you're nervous nervous but on the
surface I look calm and ready you get up
we're gonna roll it into behind the
following the addresses right there look
good perfect alright let's do that like
that I love it I love it alright okay
awesome let's snap it I'm gonna snap you
put it in
- this is the best thing to get before a
three-hour meetup thanks : is gonna blow
in later oh this guy what's your name
man Matt Chris man fat Chris it is in
being fat as weird saying he just bought
us hotdogs all day
oh I'm ready how you hot dog it's a tip
it nipply right now thank you
what's up how you guys doing you're in
the vlog he was gonna ask you me give me
on it
what's up you must be dead are you doing
are you guys coming tonight yeah boy you
know it's rated all right all right high
five
we'll see you in there let's have fun
we're coming in right now and what's
your name bro I'm Willie Willie I like
that there we are
we lost you just turn on the lights for
you guys check out this beautiful
theater on failure Wow hey hey sure
premiering first movie are you excited
oh yeah hang up on stage I'll get that
when I go out and this is the brains
behind the operation well great
how you doing I can hear myself good and
you got a good view from back here man
huh
cheechee check yeah that sounds good man
well look you made it Pablo zing Pablo's
on the tour look at all these posters
this embosser sign and go I'd lost you
come on Joe is her Wizard of Oz absent
carry up water and it was like well I
was thinking how did Britt find this cuz
I was so lost so each night we have a
meet-and-greet kinda like we did on the
Roman roast tour but on this tour
everybody that has a meet-and-greet gets
a full signed poster by all of us who
there's a lot of like 300 and I even at
how fast can you do a signature one sex
chrysalis showing the process or going
oh man watch this if we have a process
I'm at sign one yet I got one more ready
let's go oh dang I don't know what I'm
scribbling
let's do another hug for the ball we
already hug whaaah
de blanco' are you excited okay so we do
every night there's like a fan
experience they get to hang out with us
all night oh yeah that's incredibly mom
and dad know somebody's blasting it over
there farting yeah about 40 hardcore
this is so pretty
so we are gonna do mom I'm soundcheck
real fast this is gonna be a typical
kind of light level that you're gonna
see he's fixing it focusing it up now
but there'll be some typical white like
this a house like a pitbull Pablo up
here doing his thing
oh my gosh ma'am was this subs yeah um
you guys don't watch you guys everyday
alright I'm gonna sing Christian out
with the camera seniors out there
everything so I know I know they're
gonna go crazy dude let them know it's
it's my blower you know it have fun all
right y'all I'm gonna hide the camera
first and then tell them that I'm coming
out for you
we're gonna surprise me good baseball
Romans watch
roaming out with vlog
ah
alright guys I'll see you in there so he
just walked instead he's part of the
older demographic give me five man you
said you've been watching for years yep
sketching part that is crazy
sketching but that's more years ago
probably bill brought me the sickest
t-shirt I absolutely love retro oh wait
I just didn't realize that's your car
Godzilla yeah so we are walking to
here's my deal with it clippety property
we are walking to the VIP meetup which
usually takes a couple hours at least an
hour and a half holy crap the upstairs
is awesome look at that Wow yes I have
some fun haha you are in the vlog hang
on so you guys are the ones that found
the ticket
your parents know yeah right now boys
mom right on okay
got me two tickets I'm getting a lot of
cool things tonight but she just said
that this is his wedding anniversary
gift
so how long you guys been married yeah
six years you guys look like you're 15
okay hey I got married 18 to
you got three kids dan you guys are
awesome that's great congratulations he
loves me
this must be pop all right go port man
shout-out to Warren Sophia Kieran Mason
I told you I'd be here there you go we
proved it god I don't blog it I just
want to give a shout-out to my friend
Jaden and Justin and don't forget to
swallow more Oh how's my big boy you
having fun oh I miss you so much pain I
love you Oh are you sleepy you know talk
to mommy oh here you go baby
I miss you so much he sounds a sleepy
are you be my big boy no how do we get
down
people clapping it was good movies and
so now we got to go on stage but we're
so behind yeah that directed by Robert
out how do we get out there
we're literally running to the stage mr.
Spanish so they want me to sign stuff I
said I would sign I said I would sign
one thing and now the whole stage
Wow next levels man next level yeah bro
thank you man you love it what you guys
like honestly all those people out there
don't you guys gonna get up and run out
of there
the movie has premiered for the first
time so I kind of feel bad note like
everybody didn't get pictures I'm gonna
walk out front see what happens yo all
right my friends that is a wrap me and
Britt just did a whole bunch of pics and
signings good job baby they love you
they love you though up here in this
drawing
good job guys by the way Christian Pablo
yeah you're always on awesome you've
done so well on this a fight see you
guys
yo thank you so much you demand thank
you so you're telling me you can do a
better performance than Leo DiCaprio in
wolf of wallstreet if there's stairs
there is nothing I will find you stairs
Oh we'll do it oh good better yours can
we do it better than your vlog per year
can we pretend these are steps no no no
it's just that we need step I will do
just free right there steps let's go
let's go action
zooming so hard - char to me I'm gonna
say this that was by far the best
performance that I've seen but hopefully
laying down a staircase can you be
serious for words roll the oh are
you guys serious all right
I mean I think they want pictures oh I
think they will do - what up there white
what no I have a girlfriend go no yeah
yeah this Brittany
so dude how you guys doing here we got
to go through her - okay cuz write it I
don't want to get you guys in trouble I
don't I'm with you guys in trouble big
okay ready
y'all may jump in oh here we go
you're gonna need a ticket bro you're
gonna get a ticket huh
Roman vlog robert vlog that's ready one
more wine - and thank you guys - thank
you so much art thank you so much go
Hey Oh give him a break back hey job
done
drop my bone feels so bad man these guys
just pulled over to take pictures with
us and now the cops just pulled up look
at this I'm sorry all they did was pull
over to take a picture with us look at
this one two three cops one two three no
I am no four oh my god oh okay an
explanation about America ban came over
to take a picture with me and romani a
picture they pulled over for two seconds
one two three four five seven police
officers working back to the hotel thank
you so much for such a crazy experience
with this movie DC you were awesome
everybody else I cannot wait for you to
see this movie it's something we put so
much time and effort in and it's just a
fun watch like you're gonna have fun
watching it it just feels so cool to
have you guys part of this journey this
is a real journey these are things that
I never thought I would be doing I just
had dreams about doing you were freaking
beautiful you're one of a kind smile one
he's really nice oh did it squirt this
did it spray are you okay yo you got to
wash that off you better watch
