oh geez are you kidding are you kidding
hey guys welcome welcome welcome it's
just me and the boys haha
oh if I ate my finger that's what that's
it that's your pick it is just me and my
boys this morning we are picking out a
little bit of mail you guys know Sunday
we usually try to catch up on fan mail
there's a lot of it this is not close to
all of it look at our basement
that's production right there people
this is a great example of getting the
most out of the space you have right
here look at this are those your picks a
couple of them what is this that's a
goofy box huh what is it
Zeus sniffs all the boxes first make
sure they're okay
no that just probably there's food in
there some kind of snack sounds like a
Swedish shit look at this and he wanted
it alright I want to grab some boxes
she wants it what he thinks is those are
all good those were all good oh this one
concerns me he's actually opening them
hmm Oh chuckling you can't have that
he's like doing it I'm doing all the
work here I'm gonna go grab a couple
Brittany went out to breakfast this
morning with one of her girlfriends
getting their nails done all the girly
stuff that honestly man the boys aren't
interested in well now what do we got
soos come on
all right we're going to tear a couple
open um who wants the star oh look at me
need a coin toss
yeah coin toss all right heads or tails
I'm gonna be heads all right if it lands
on heads no it goes first if it lands on
tails that you ready its tail's gainers
goes first this is really into the mail
today
swedish fish no those are daddy's or om
en ah yep those are for mommy
mommy's not here so technically this to
be frog me sorry for you
all right what we got next what is it
what is that I don't know who's this
note to the at words from Ethan I live
in Pennsylvania's you're our neighbor
man I am 11 years old and you and your
family put a smile on my face every day
you guys inspire me and bring me up when
I don't feel good that's awesome
thank you so much for being there and
don't forget to smile on this is a
spinning small box he obviously made it
it's adorable
Ethan thanks dude oh this is the one
Zeus opened yeah okay so no we just
pulled out plants versus zombies which I
don't know if anybody even knows Keene
plays that game all day all ya ever
brick after breakfast he goes up planer
does
I play a lot with him - it's a really
fun but somebody just sent us the extra
game we already have it
I could lose that's true oh and it's
online you guys can play together
yeah oh snap here's some chocolate
sweets candy from the UK I thought you
could do a challenge video of trying our
sweets that's a good idea that's why
that chocolates different this one I
feel really bad about we just opened it
up it came all the way from Norway
lots of traveling I don't know because
we just got this man I don't think that
it would happen here but there's a hole
right there and then a mouse definitely
got in and ate the chocolate it's a
bunch of chocolate from Norway even ate
the paper look at that this is coming in
from fyodor all the way from Norway I've
been watching vlogs two years as well uh
when he first got his iPad this is the
first mail I sent you and I wish you can
man I wish your freaking mouth didn't
need all this look at this well I don't
universe um since tons of other
chocolates and stuff I don't know how to
Mouse even get in there Paul did they
get in everything what you chewed a hole
right in and crawled in
he's probably still he's in the bag
sprinkles for you or mom definitely mom
what do you got that's pretty cool
smell the sprinkles oh you probably good
did I like that looks good on you
Zeus your nose get you in so much
trouble boy please send me your photo
with your autograph I'm a huge fan and
watch your show all the time
Derek Stamper I've never heard that last
name Stamper you're like it please put
in your blog whoa this looks like a bag
hey Stubbs is you build it yes look at
this jello Melo jello a little bit hey
yep cool lot oh yeah hey again it's
Connor from Buffalo this is uh they
actually sent us stuff last time and it
was the little uh the other jello stuff
Connor you keep sending us this
cool jelly stuff how about a barrel of
it that we can get inside how cool would
that be
the jebaited barrel jet jello barrel
challenge a couple more real quick and
we're gonna keep moving for the day my
name is Victoria I'm 17 years old from
California just wanna let you know how
grateful I am for all of you because
every single day you remind me to smile
more I love that thank you
what did Victoria sind ah so what is
that what is that you know what that is
like when you put on in what's it called
oh my gosh it's such a different day do
you know what it is yeah a big CD like
the things that you put I know I know
what it is what's it called I don't
think it's uncommon for a kid your age
not to note that it is I'm just asking
if you know I know what it is but I
don't know what it's called oh three oh
really
first oh the Roman verse fou see that's
cool a record yeah write it I actually
did not expect you to know what it was
oh I love those uh let me just say it
again you guys know we're building our
first-ever smile more building right
outside it's got this great giant wall
in it and every single one at your art
pieces are going on the wall so we have
our own fan wall and oh my gosh I love
them thank you Victoria
packing peanuts equal fun for kids a
pain for adults love it you guys are
sending artwork thank you sis are you
eat don't eat those is he eating Oh sis
no no way
why is he eating up spit it out this is
super awesome you ready for this one
whoa you like it also came look for one
second they got something stuck you like
it very cool guys thank you thank you
thank you who's this from my name is
Jordan I'm 16 years old and I'm in 10th
grade I started watching your vlogs of
July 2015
you're pretty new to the vlogs act I
mean that's a long time to watch but
it's still pretty new our work is not
really my thing but I thought hey for
the Atwoods let me give a shot you did
an awesome job I think it's fantastic
whoo somebody says there's a new chew
toy
hi I would say some of you like your
gift and been watching for two years
like the crush is Noah from Emma Smith
oh you are unbelievable dog get out of
the mud come on what is going on in Ohio
it is t-shirt weather I'm gonna teach
her Noah's like I'm gonna go put on T
shorts huh this is a pretty cool spot to
play I ran as fast as I couldn't jump
off dude having a big dog can be crazy
guys wait wait stay having a big dog can
be crazy man he literally just went out
late in the mud why is it good tiny
place is falling apart
Zeus is sleeping in the mud that's
what's going on I know what's up who
shot the couch
I hope they look good with the black
shirt
yeah so what are you just dogs out of
control today sleeping in the mud
drinking out a toilet and a big dog I
don't care how good they are it's harder
than a child I'm not kidding this dog is
more maintenance than a child
let's get uncle day off two minutes you
have two minutes
yeah you got spring actually yeah you
got you don't have those ones no I have
to make some Valentine's Day cookies
tonight you're making cookies tonight
not sprinkle cookies though well you
could throw sprinkle on it let's go see
what Mr Attwood and mr. Zeus Atwoods
doing there's only one way to wear out
Zeus Oh
let's get an RC that's faster than here
that's way faster Oh Zeus pick it up in
my jogging now you're not even trying he
can't you know don't follows it though
this thing hasn't feel like he has no
chance oh he's gone now like I got it oh
that's how you do it right there you got
a big dog get an RC car look look at him
mr. hyper isn't so high for anymore I
just gotta get Kate now I just gotta get
Kane to chase it for a little bit
hey dude you ready to chase the truck
oh that's cool Oh Zeus ruin that one Wow
Wow get out of here nothing's fast that
I take the one-wheel Kane who's in our
truck who is that
My Name Is Earl Earl okay let's go just
got over Dale's what's up buddy Oh
flinging mud it's so muddy all right
it's the tree back flip that was pretty
cool Oh little monkey man hey you guys
ready go to my house we were warping
through a little time Dale and I just
spent I don't know an hour and a half on
stupid website crap that I don't want to
do I hate but part of my job packing it
up I got my stuff muddy today huh we're
all headed over to my house uh if I have
room you can ride with me I don't care
warping back home to our house and Zeus
come here kisses do you like Milo
roadblock hey I was actually for you
kids you can't sleep on the couch Oh all
right guys let me show you what I
actually wanted to do tonight this is
totally ridiculous everyone's gonna want
to kill me but I think it's possible she
want this thing where you like put balls
on it and yeah the kids getting a circle
when they pull and I don't know how it
works but here's what it looks like to
me this is so awesome
tell me I couldn't parachute down to the
floor it's huge
Jews got all the loops I could tie ropes
all the way around it hook it to this
backpack right hook it to the backpack
and then leap off okay
here's why this is so funny because
tomorrow I'm gonna bring Brittany up
here and convince her I know I can't
parachute with that right I mean it is
big you know big Zeus's look you can
already hear what she's gonna say I'm an
idiot don't do it no way and I'm just
gonna go as far as I can with it just
imagine her coming up tomorrow I'm
sitting on the edge like that so here's
what happened tonight guys Brittany
ended up getting sick like mine Oh baby
you ready for bed aren't you yeah okay
I'll get the bed relax sit down sit down
good boy
that's a good baby she ended up getting
the same crap that I had Matt she's weak
she sore she's like she's dumb she went
to bed early Cain went to bed so we kind
of cut it off short but I seen this
thing she bought this like I don't know
maybe last week or the week before and
the first thing at him I had is I'm
gonna parachute off the lobby I'm
actually gonna jump off tomorrow I
really am I'm looking for this Tamar so
stupid and I can get Brittany so fired
up with things like this so I'm excited
um hopefully she's feeling better
Zeus is ready for bed come on let's go
guys thank you for the support on
everything uh hopefully Brittany feels
better tomorrow I think mine was only
one full day down and like a half day so
hopefully she's hopefully she recovers
faster since it guess that's all I got
um I have not come up with a way to give
these controllers away why don't you
guys help me out seriously help me out
we usually do Instagram then everyone's
like I don't have Instagram I use
Facebook and on Facebook and then the
YouTube comments are so many like it's I
guess it can do a complete randomizer I
don't know give me one more day on that
I'm gonna give them away
what so don't worry about that that's it
I'm going to shut up I love you thank
you for the support
don't forget how important you are you
are one of a kind people love you don't
forget that man so many people care
about you whether you think so or not
they do smile more guys beautiful
I gotta edit I'm going to bed dude you
can't go to bed tzas I I want to go to
put I know your skin oh yeah that's half
the fun
oh you did do it well
