yo build-it Braun in the house man can I
get that on film you won't say that
mounting bracket will fit any TV you can
buy your sure 100% let's go let's go
let's start the vlog right now because
if it doesn't fit I got it on film
Bryan lashy the rough life my man give
me five give me five nothing not that I
get nothing out of you know Korra's
rocking and rolling sliding around the
house she can uh she's fully moving
around whoo-hoo don't let him in don't
let him in oh my god
Oh everybody down everybody hi hey I
gotta go
oh did this to yourself
no you won't he's so sleepy maybe he
doesn't feel good
he's milking it he's pulling a dad move
right now I don't feel good I just a
partner with the cats
whoo whoo I think we cleared it we're
good we're good
Emma Navy that's why everybody in
everybody good movie song I know I hate
that seat more than anything yes why I
gave you the driver's seat you driving
that Escalade boy so we're starting
today's vlog exactly where we ended
yesterday's vlog we want to do local
giveaways it's Christmas time it's time
for giving so we got all these cool
things we wanna give away but we need to
like plan it we want to like suit up
Clifford make it into our swag get some
costumes make it fun that's what we're
doing right now you guys are jeavons
animals dude that was not me that was
that
the ball has a beef supreme country and
I trying to run out of that truck guys
you got it in there you guys got to go
to the bathroom you both need to go to
the bathroom so when you did the thing
was Britney with a yes and a no so the
crop Dustin
yes that's what learned it from backing
your little kids he dropped us in the
classroom delicate flower do you mind oh
you got butterflies shooting out of
there oh here we go
guys here we go good country this one
you got
Oh Brian you gotta wear that imagine
showing up at someone's house with that
we got your country got it sure what's
his what even is that what is that well
there's an old okay oh it's an elf that
is not enough what is that oh they even
got that yeah they got the nose too yeah
that's perfect yeah hmm I will say this
they don't make Santa Claus suits for my
body figure too often like I got it I
almost got to buy a female version or
yeah so I don't know who's who's here
that has more of a like a Santa figure
dude I could play in here all day like
just do a whole lot look at this awesome
oh this is what you need for the bike
jump you would have been saved next time
he does a job Roman copy copy do you
hear me take off go ahead and launch
this is gonna be a problem here
oh good better look out behind you
there's a mad pirate how'd you get all
the hair you know I'm using the same
product I used for my beard The Miracle
Grow by is it this is you need this
you guys miss you just test it before
you buy it test it for you bye we call
the wambulance build it bran in the
house man
yo I'm buying up for you and you're only
allowed to work now with that way
business in the front party in the back
right here I can roll Joe Dirt hmm oh my
God look - you look okay so we just ran
into Samantha who's super loyal like she
knows the vlogs like you're saying
things that I'm like you actually
watched the video so she's doing eight
just her by herself she's doing a toy
drive this Saturday yes this Saturday at
the Levesque Tower from 9:00 a.m. to
2:00 p.m.
I'm just gonna show the flyer on the
vlog for her and if you guys want to go
if you bring a toy you get a picture of
Santa that's a good deal for the kids
okay let me show
let me show okay so screenshot if you
want to go okay is it more info
is this okay it'll take them if they
look up Santa at the Levesque woo toy
drives I love toy drive look at this
weather it looks like snow on camera but
it is super warm heavy snow but it's
going all directions misty misty yeah
it's warm I'm in a hoodie like what's
going on snow christmas is coming so
back when back in the prank days this is
the actual spot even chase was arrested
we all got arrested for our ATM prank he
was arrested he was just the camera man
which was crazy we had a two day court
trial big thing like you guys filled the
courtrooms it was incredible it's on
this blog channel somewhere but we got
arrested right here against this wall
and I had to pee so bad in the back of
the cop car that the cop walked me into
this restaurant right here stood
directly behind me at the urinal while I
peed it was so awkward now wait what do
you mean it sounded me yeah so you told
me I'm driving with convicts coming so I
guess what we walked to day court trial
we walked free no charges boom pictures
with the judge after yeah that made the
news yeah the judge was like yeah she
got ya wasn't good she took took
pictures with us she was excited that we
won we got a house full up in here
full house watch hasn't moved much what
up hey check out country yeah look at
the kids look at the kids
why you see country look at him look at
that hey that goofball yo you got his
hat on now you like his hair he just
grew it out today you like it put it on
yeah dude you like a crazy dragon go
show mommy that is cool that is cool
that is a cool hat man give me five give
me five man that's sweet hi pretty girl
hey yo : dude Wow yo that's that uh yo
your fro really compacts like it's
really hard to maintain my fro yeah I
have this for strapping down that's a
good look let's shoot this see what the
girls think yo he was able to close the
fro check it out this is how I see
I had to put the rollers in and this is
how I could never always come off and
boom it's like an explosion my hairs so
big I don't kind of hold on I think I'm
getting phone call that's a phone call I
love you I love you I love you I love
you I love you I love you alright guys
that is our vlog for today again we shot
two today so I'm super happy about that
um it is current day again so Wow how
many days were in just yesterday anyways
I'm a little zombified just woke up
literally to end the vlog didn't say
good night last night so good morning
good evening good night whatever time it
is hope you're feeling good hope you are
having a great day we'll see you guys
tomorrow you are beautiful you are one
of a kind smile
you
