hey hey guys what's going on Oprah
having a great day I am uh we've stained
a lot of hotels and I've opened a lot of
curtains to a beautiful view this could
be my favorite do you think oh wait what
is I didn't see it look that's a
frigging parking lot a builder quick
stay in the hotel last night we're on
the move we're headed to look at you
dude yeah I said how'd you sleep last
night why are you wiggling so much you
guys look like you're about to rob a
bank you stay at Hotel you double check
everything and then you check again wow
it is beautiful outside whoo this is
gonna make today so much better
everybody in ready buckling up oh well
baby we're off to got a 30 40 minute
drive up north a little bit over there
so we are stopping off at a place not at
Mad River Mountain right she's stopping
at a little rental place if they have
ski blades they're like short version
skis I love them
look all these space boots we walk on
the moon in these no you're right these
are for skiing and snow but look at the
snowboard ones it's like an actual boot
house just fit good canes are awesome
he probably wear those if you had them
oh we got it
you guys ready we made it to the only
snow in Ohio so this is what we call a
mountain in Ohio this is mad river
mountain and it's really just a hill but
to us it's like the best we have and we
always have a lot of fun here actually I
broke both bones in my right arm here oh
I didn't know that was here I know you
broke it skiing nurse that was here I
think of you breaking bones oh not today
baby come on out we got our our dressing
room and all our stuff in the vet yeah
it's like 40 degrees so it's warm we
don't even need goggles or my goggles
how the Sun windshield wipers no they
don't win chauffeurs cane you walking
funny boy hey are you think Oh feel
funny so very first time skiing as a
family cane is strapped in no this way
so you put your toe in first and then
you stomp in
you're skiing kid if you want to slow
down put your fronts together that's it
and carve in the dough
they broke the lift man there you go
good job just hop right on that's
awesome
this is freakin genius it's so warm you
don't need gloves I don't even need this
hat I'm about to lose the coat
I saw dude in shorts was again short
here we go our first hill ever see you
know it's been nice knowing ya
good job Cain you're doing it you're
doing it
could not be a better day for these guys
it's like weather perfect Oh
what's up bro looks like you got a real
killer bee here
yeah heck yeah first-timers I feel like
they should be paying me hey guys no
dude York's your skin
oh that's half the fun oh you did do it
well that's one way to stop you can
always remember that this is more than a
bunny hill honey you only get one shot
one opportunity are you gonna seize the
moment came that's right look at my dude
oh yeah good one remember how to slow
down
he should go dude maybe like two more
times on this bunny hill and we're going
up you ready
let's practice steering follow me here
you go and lean lean lean that's it
that's it there we go
hold on I don't know how this is gonna
go yeah this would be our first time
headed to the top of well actually
there's higher ones we're gonna take it
slow there's not even snow in all the
places but we're pretty high up here
guys Noah he's doing it
that's it
good job we're racing Noah Grayson oh
yeah oh no mommy says oh no daddy says
oh yeah Cain says oh yeah we're gonna go
down and get some drinks you're choking
me
let's see how this maybe maybe I should
keep the camera rolling just in case
that looks so funny
right on I'm scared too I thought you
gonna make fun of me for skiing today
what's up so your story she came to our
toy drive yes but you couldn't wait the
whole time exactly you read me now I
love it yeah that's awesome just dad
yeah hey dad get in and in it
beside break arms like goof-off Noah is
killing he's got it like Noah's got it
huh let's start the great debate I feel
like this is like Apple Windows you know
you got the iPhone the Android
what is it skiing or snowboarding
I tried snowboarding one time no lessons
I went straight to the top clip the kid
didn't know how to stop all these dudes
come running down you hit my kid I felt
awful the kid was fine but I didn't know
how to stop so I just had to leave him
it was bad story I don't want to talk
about it no I love ski actually I love
these short skis check these out yeah
got my brother's boy with us dealing
Jess up there Brittany cane up there
here we go you got it let's do it let's
do it yeah you ready to do this it's
like look at this it's like a muddy
slush
we got the whole train oh
don't laugh at me
here we go
Wow mommy's but well that's gonna wrap
it up
Suns starting to go there's almost no
better feeling than being done with
skiing and taking these boots off 2016
there's still not a boot that doesn't
leave you aching I know everyone's gonna
say you gotta try this boot nope
try them all they'll hurt maybe it's my
feet maybe something no it's everyone's
beat the first guy that comes up with a
comfortable ski boot will be a
billionaire you guys have a good time
yeah we'll go back again someday yeah
mommy I think I need more energy it's
exhausting now when you sit around all
winter and hibernate and then you go out
and ski you realize how out of shape you
are we're out of shape anyway
you
ah we made it
told you guys it was a quick trip look
at the NS out throw it on some quick
cheese burgers mac and cheese it's gonna
be good dog I was gonna be good dog what
what well if you ever accidentally cut
your burger in half like I just did the
best thing you can do do you know this
trick no cuz I just came up with it you
glue it together you glue it together
with cheese it's a natural burger glue
are you sure you know what like real
cool this is full glue it's perfect
uh so good after cuz I was like holding
Kane in between my legs it was like all
weight on my back cuz I was holding them
up that's perfect
so spoiled yeah look at my face
just get a little one burn today smell -
okay in case you guys missed it maybe a
day or two ago we had a company send us
these amazing smile more controllers for
us to give away to you guys I'm gonna
figure it out I don't have to give away
yet but tomorrow I'm gonna announce how
you win these there's two there's one
for an Xbox I'm gonna destroy this whole
thing and there's one for an Xbox and
there's one for ps4 they're both gonna
be up for grabs up for two of you and
yeah I mean announced that tomorrow
we're gonna leave it at that Kane has
been using this one he loves it we don't
even have one so I don't know how we're
gonna arrange for pizza good let me see
oh my gosh Britney got these uh adult
coloring book she's been working on them
and that one that's unbelievable
bright colors well it has it sparkled uh
go back gel pen I don't know if you can
tell camera is like dole like sparkle
that's unbelievable that's colored
pencil
love it love it so we're kind of jumping
into the night guys I'm gonna go get
kids to bed
come on dude I feel good but my you know
how sometimes your body's like ready to
go but your eyes are like closing or
sometimes my eyes are ready to go our
body's like yeah
you know what I'm talking about it's
just my eyes my body lit I'm ready to
ramp something
I took this off since we left this
weight that was on yeah I didn't even
see it the whole time every single night
before bed my kids have a routine
Noah's is I need water that gets him
back out and gets good on stairs canes
every single night lights her out he's
in bed
I got a poop every time a hundred
percent only parents will understand I
bet he doesn't he know he actually goes
I have confirmed to get out of bed just
like you have to go get water yeah nigga
I love you oh that's funny right hey
Eddie
maybe hands up no I'm gonna tap like
this I'm not gonna tickle you
you got it my eyes watered but I gotta
go this is ready he's calling my name
blue school big boss let's go bad boss
hmm
well well well what do we have here did
you have fun today chip on skin oh we
passed out in the car I think Britney
got a shot of it but I passed out
Kayne pass out we sleepy
I am your father
all right my friends we're gonna call it
a night
ah I'm dad like I'm dead game I can't
move
when you're four year old is more of a
grown-up than you are
love you guys thanks for coming along
with my family and I today we had so
much fun just like you know what my
favorite part of the whole trip was
honestly not just the skiing and all
that it's when you get up on the hill
and there's no phones there's no
computers there's no PlayStation there's
no iPads there's no iPods just us it's
awesome we will see you guys tomorrow we
love you don't forget how important you
are you're one of a kind your beautiful
smile inside inside kids whose idea was
this
