hey guys welcome to the channel I hope
you're having a fantastic day
got my little buddy here you're gonna
wait right there
okay today is all about creating some
kind of magical adventure with the
family and first of all hand-delivering
tons of smile more merch look at this I
love you
we got one full do you think we can fill
three today three today oh god you want
to hear something crazy like three years
ago we were shipping 1020 t-shirts a
week I think and we were like happy
about that I was so crazy it was so cool
now we're doing over 5,000 a week and my
mind just can't handle it like I can't
comprehend it and you just stick to
something and you live by it and you
your passion shows through you guys know
man I think the difference is when you
love to do it you don't realize it's
work so you just do it when you think of
it as work there's no passion so you're
like I'm just gonna give up I want to
quit it's not working but you're not
working when you love it it's beautiful
once you find that special something
that you know you love you never have to
work again it's the craziest thing and I
never want to ever ever what one of you
to say Romans just bragging Romans right
no I want to use my story to inspire you
to do the same thing or better be bigger
think bigger here's to all right into
three big ones today but we fill the
bayview on two and a half two and a half
great do we got something so cool in the
mail yeah it's not for us it's for you
guys oh I can't wait let's go we're on
the move guys Ken and I are gonna go get
our best friend our best body his
brother my son no
today we're trying to take a trip in our
favorite truck today we're trying to
take a fun little trip
I'm really excited about just the family
my brother his wife and kids might go
and where it's gonna be a road trip
ready for a road trip yeah me too
all right we're back home we got this
little box you wanna do the honors
what's up bud climb your ladder yeah
okay
these came in from you guys our friends
over m'kay controller sent us something
just for you and I'm extremely jealous
because I want these we don't we don't
even have any let's see it oh my god oh
dude that is ridiculous that's crazy
officially the greatest controller I've
ever seen in my life holy cow these are
I'm not giving these away these are mom
do you like you don't need a shirt wow
it's so nice guys so here they are a
little gift from MK controllers they
have sent us one in the past but never
anything small more related so these are
for you guys not sure exactly how to
give them away uh this is for them hmm
you like it
hey it's not yours oh boy guys it's
gonna be hard to explain this you know
what honestly I don't think anybody's
gonna mind if you play it a couple times
okay you guys wouldn't care right if you
got a controller that can ease a couple
times go ahead charge it up
oh my gosh you're having nothing okay oh
yeah oh where are we going what are we
doing this is gonna be a very quick trip
come on buddy
these balls will be forever in this
house the next owner of this house will
find colorful plastic balls some way
well while you're packed up while you're
packing up
oh hey brick this is uh my girlfriend
Brittany hey she gets it yeah she hasn't
been in the vlog all day this is the
whole time smile Mercer she has been
working full-time uh is that what you
that's what were packing yeah all right
well while you get the boring crap I'm
gonna get the fun crap what do I need
cameras oh I know what I'm taking GoPros
laptop charger accessories laptop or C
truck oh you know we're gonna need that
RC truck
that's gonna save our life Zeus is gonna
save our life whoa what do you think
good idea
got everything probably not that's half
the fun one hour and 15
so we got to grab fast food we have no
time for slow food I'd like to go sit
down eat something but we on the move
baby okay you know it's gonna be stuff
like that right it's really that is that
look I just did it round stuck yeah
road trips are completely different than
they used to be I love road trips well
but and I'm guilty of it I've been on my
phone
90% of this ride already 90% Noah's
jamming out playing his stuff canes back
here doing his thing not a lot of
communicating music try to stay away oh
you're good you go keep you up we're
just taking a fun little family trips
gonna be great my brother his wife and
kids are actually gonna come up tomorrow
morning also they're gonna join us which
is gonna make it even fun and I just
can't wait to do this it's your first
time doing what we're doing
pumped Pumped can ask a trans man
horseback ride a quick little pit stop
Brittany got some snacks would you get
water peanuts hotel stuff Hotel snacks
look at our truck it is that looks good
dirty it's supposed to look like that
that should be the paint job it's just
much yeah had to tie down the suitcase
yeah so why do you think it's not blown
around by her plastic on plastic slide
action night and so on here we go
warp into the hotel I got fruit baby
that is cool
beyond 17 I think well there's one too -
we are room 225 and 227 connecting rooms
it goes from 224 to 22 to 228 to 26
it totally skips us to 21 - oh how many
at was does it take to find a door yeah
we could just crash in the hallway this
is nice here we are home sweet home
hey you guys can come you guys come
party in my room this is awesome
this is exactly the perfect way to do
this yeah so we got one room with a
single bed and then we got a room
connecting with two beds and your room
has air conditioned this rooms hot this
is great
Wow nice
yeah actually scaring me
oh I tried opening that I thought you
had to slide it I was like who's
knocking Brittany was knocking wearing
your plan on the beds never calm is
fighting its way they have a pool yeah
oh yeah
no is usually the one you can't get out
of the pool
oh man mommy forgot her bathing - Oh
daddy brought one
so the reason we're up here has nothing
to do with what we're doing right now
there's a swimming pool we brought swim
trunks we're gonna go get wet
we haven't swam for a while I forgot
mine Bella Nate you're filming this one
truck officer nice honey you think oh my
god I didn't come prepared for this you
ain't from around here are you boy
little boy hot tub I'm down for that
right there
awesome the waters like really warm
bring it on
this is just what we needed her boys
what a fever
we're not going to be able to do that
thing tomorrow if you get hurt
Wow
it's not sturdy enough honey
maybe feel
okay pain ones the film
so he got out
are you our little film guy there you go
I'll show you what it does later tonight
okay
you know who can appreciate indoor polls
people that live in Ohio yeah yeah how
was the treadmill
good that's got a nice little violin so
much water in my hair do you guys see
this it's like a sign from above our
room number has an advertisement for
fireworks on it by one do you put it on
the outside your door and people don't
know dude that boys up he was a baby
that boy's outgrowing you straight-up
guys are gonna throw some love to one of
our sponsors you know once a month I
shout out audible.com you guys hear me
talk about it all the time actually
we've been talking about them for a long
time they are back get audibles back
with a new deal for you guys if you're
not a big fan of reading like myself you
can just listen to the books you guys
have so many online books all your
favorites just just go to the site and
check it out they're giving you 30 days
free audible.com forward slash Roman my
name that's it 30 days free I don't know
what more you could possibly ask for if
you want to listen to a book on a trend
Oh on a plane on a boat skydiving scuba
diving waterproof headphones they make
them understand yeah
see ya guys they got the hook-up for you
I know a lot of you guys can even listen
to books now in school you have to have
three books in school I you can listen I
I might have actually made it through
school if I can listen to everything
yeah
kidding me I know I wouldn't probably
have future so awesome what's going on
in this room you laying down
as always guys I'll put the links in the
description just check it out Beck's I
mean it's it's literally free check it
out I'm sure you're gonna love it it's
going on any choice early you brought
your are seen before well why did you
bring your RC hey whoa
it's got so much power I do it the one
time until an attraction the crowd
everything stick it down the hallway no
it's late it's allowed just one inside
inside kids whose idea was this bad idea
whose kid is that all right guys the
party's over we're gonna call it a night
I have to edit we gotta get up early and
go do some fun stuff tomorrow
he's I ain't going to bed good luck with
that get fun at the pool rec yeah we did
everyone's own into electronic mode I
got to uh I had a cranked out this vlog
for you we love you thanks for coming
along with us we didn't it wasn't much
of a road trips like an hour and 15 its
whole day but time we got comfortable it
was like time to get out the only
question I got for you today is what do
you think we're doing tomorrow what do
you think it is it's not skydiving I
know you guys are waiting on it and it's
happening but it's winter time so we got
to travel it is happening we love you we
will see you tomorrow
don't forget how awesome you are you got
film for us see we got the perfect
skylight yeah this is gonna be great all
right good racing
you know it house
