hey guys welcome to the vlog good
morning beautiful hey buddy come on oh
come on ear
buzzes horrible room Jenny's kind of a
weird date right off the bat I have a
lot to do I gotta go I'm actually I
really gotta go oh that was a vlog mushy
that listen I really miss you
oh you missed a spot I didn't sure you
missed a spot right here
I named in shame oh it's just that's
where it grows a more manly and faster
one day guys one day we're gonna walk
out this is all gonna be paved and how
come there's a blue X on that door right
there on the floor it's our new sidewalk
this is nice it's cheaper way to go but
I think it'll last longer than concrete
nope a little pizza oven yeah except and
it works you tested it yeah really
cuz it got left out the main it got
delivered and it's outside the house but
it's it's fine really funny
I ordered a big trash can for in here
yeah do you see it yeah that's it what
did you order an ashcan not a trash can
Bridge out what only in the movies could
you jump a bridge guys don't jump bridge
so I'm kind of out and about today doing
some things that I twill typically don't
like to do check this out this bus stop
right here that bus stop we filmed more
pranks at that bus stop so many of our
old pranks were filmed right there they
didn't look like that though they've
been redone they're all new now anyways
had to run downtown to get some
paperwork done little things things that
I typically don't like to do especially
for the vlogs it couldn't get more
boring you don't have to remember what
floor you park on if you park on the
roof we're gonna skip my pass this
boring stuff guys I'm just going work
right pally back into my cars got much
paperwork I've assigned so only one
place to go from the bottom
that's up there is nothing funny about
hitting your funny bone I just bashed it
okay you know it's funny about hitting
your funny bone when somebody else hits
their funny but that's when it's funny I
laugh for everybody that does it but
when I do it it sucks so here I'm
getting my hair chopped are we back to
normal now after the massacre but that
guy that should be played wah Oh fine
with you give me your head
so we're joining it back you know
whether he inspired a new cut because
now I just lose the sides and I don't
even have the back anymore just like oh
yeah like it's about it's more raw I
think science it makes Brittany happy
she loves it she does really likes this
yeah you do
happy wife happy life all right guys
warping past quite a bit of time here
sorry for jumping around so much today
has been a little weird like I said it
was gonna be home here day got my
haircut headed home right now to just
hang out with the family before I get up
super early 5 a.m. and head out Wow Oh
somebody had fun today
holy did you miss me yeah well tackle me
hi mama
whoa I see you too I see you you got to
take a bath forgive us we're super
excited because they started moving into
the new building which for the kids
means the basements gonna be empty which
means we can do a lot of things maybe
move the balls down there yep let's go
well you can see the floor oh my gosh
well this is like going back in time I'm
gonna kind of miss it I got in this wall
it's gonna be so weird like with it not
being in our I mean it's good progress
these are good problems but like it's
gonna be so weird not being in our
basement like we've we've graduated
finally do you see the story well let's
get to that let's go see that what are
you doing with your dinosaur I love it I
think you should stay there it's superb
a little garden look at our door
alright go yeah they can just paint this
and then that has to be painted still
Wow this is our small more store now
it's a disaster yeah it is geez you guys
moved all this today Wow got lots of new
shelves to put our stuff on huh oh I'm
just so happy to see it all coming
together man this is such let me just
tell you something this is kind of a
dream come true for us we we've uh you
guys can go back to the original vlogs
where we're doing this out of our
kitchen and our living room at our old
house in the mean we moved into this
house and we filled our basement we've
outgrown that yeah yeah yeah and then we
just built our own building for it and
it's just so it's so awesome to see
progress happen you know it's hard to do
okay guys so this vlog has been really
messy been jumping around home with my
little booger my doggie my girl this is
what we're making right here that's what
we're making mm-hmm it looks good so
here's what we're about to do you guys
know Brittany's been trying to eat
better I've been trying but I fail
constantly so here's what we got which
one are we doing to this club this is
this is literally one of the craziest
things I've ever seen it's called hello
fresh hello fresh calm they sent us my
gosh okay
they send you a dinner in a while I'm
not kidding everything you need potatoes
a lemon what is this
they sent us three of them so this is
the one I think we're gonna go with
tonight chicken peas and they send you
all this dough ideas that they send you
these meals and they they're supposed to
take about 30 minutes to
cook you cook them as a family you have
fun with it but it's like the ins exact
ingredients that you need to make an
entire dinner it's crazy this is three
of these things these are this is herb
sauce you sure you don't wanna make this
one herb sausage herb sausage look
there's all onions in there that's so
cool it's like basically somebody
grocery shopping for you that's how I
feel about it
so you give mr. tribe unit it's crazy to
think about but genius because it look
all your instructions all your food just
show up at your door like how perfect
for you I know it's amazing
but mom's you're writing about dinners
like literally how much easier can you
get other than a chef being in the box
that jumps out and cooks it both of them
are always 30 minutes like roughly yeah
quick in here the loving mother cuts the
scallions silly mom you know I used to
eat these raw are you serious
that's why your breath stunk I would
different song edom and oh no we started
dating you would complain that my whole
mouth yeah Dave so I had got to enjoy
it's like making out with a dumpster any
of you dip onions and salt green onion
green onions and salt I need them and
that sounds so painful I have a big
booger yeah what this butterflying the
chicken I never heard that modified
that's butterflying the chicken yeah you
hold it you cut into the meat
that's good yeah that's good looks like
a butterfly I think I see one of them
flying around I'm over here doing all
the tough stuff okay yeah
why do I cover it I stink at this game
did you read it yeah pop pop bounders
did it so that's a new method for both
of us I've never just pounded out a
butterfly before so always always always
make sure you wash your hands when you
have to draw anything around me
especially chicken and then you're like
cutting board knife for anything you use
your cuts you have to watch I love how
you just turn into like a professional
chef right now we should get one of them
hats and then you can do the a thing
wetlands in your hood yeah tato potato
tomato tomorrow hey I'm ready like tell
me where to eat I'm gonna get ready just
let chicken are you do this and then
topped with slices of chicken Wow
it's good right that's really good and I
never eat these here's here's the deal I
would never have had a dinner like this
potatoes peas chicken ever
ever I'd be like nah I'm not eating it
but it's delicious it's awesome so good
it could open up some doors for some new
meals they are hooking you guys up as
always everybody that gets on this
channel has to hook you guys up they're
giving you thirty five dollars off your
first week just for using the promo code
Roman hellofresh com use promo code
Roman giving you 35 bucks off I think
it's cool I really think it's going it's
something you can do as a family to
learn new meals cook together eat
together and it's different it's healthy
family meals or single meals - I'm
impressed
I told you let's have peas potatoes
tonight you didn't know no I'm never
made yeah it's awesome
so if you got a minute check it out I
will put the link with all the info in
the description of this video click on
it check it out see what you think I
think it's so fun as a family and it's
actually I feel like I eat something
good oh I wish I had something exciting
for you guys today but
I knew she will help me pack will help
me pack my bags huh you knew actually
it's upset when I leave now
this guy you'll miss me I'll hold the
fort down so yeah guys I wish I had
something funner and more exciting for
you today the meal thing was cool they
getting the store up and and we're just
so excited about that it's such a huge
step for us and and for you guys and
thank you for helping us get here some
of you have been here since day one some
of you actually probably remember us
getting our first smile more product
it's just it's cool to see it grow and
progress and and become something
especially doing it as a family it's so
cool like it you know this isn't
companies doing this stuff this is just
us so it's something it's something fun
for us it connects us it you know
Brittany has something to work on I got
stuff to work on it's it's a big it's a
big family operation so for any of you
wanting to switch up the vlogs we are
actually out tomorrow we have to go
three weeks of non-stop craziness I mean
it should really be different it should
be maybe exciting and fun and new and
you know once again something I've never
done before we're doing in the next
three weeks so I'm so excited to have
you guys along on this and just being
here hanging out with us we love you
thanks for all the support we right back
at it tomorrow I'm doing good I'm on a
streak what is this like I don't know
how many blogs in a row for me it's a
streak right now so that is it thank you
thank you thank you for everything tell
me what city should I come to like for
real comment it it's uh this is gonna be
awesome I love you guys smile
do you have any weapons or anything on
you look forward to lake
