hey guys well welcome to the madhouse
what is going on everyone's hustling man
we're getting concrete today
our house is crazy right now doctors
hope you guys are having a great day we
are ah hey hey pretty girl oh well
Kanner's asleep we are actually on the
way to take Caine to his doctors he has
had that this really asleep
he had a little bit of a fever last
night not too big of a deal but he's had
this cough for like three weeks pretty
consistent cough last night that's the
one that's the one last night none of us
could sleep he coughed all night all
night we were up all night he would wave
like two days it was like so we're doing
our duties our parental parental duties
today
I feel fine are you talking my ham you
ready little buddy yeah we'll get you
better
that's one boy double 34.6 3000 that's
why I can barely live - Zeus is a
hundred and twenty pounds yeah
so you're 34 this is a hundred and
twenty yeah our little man is healthy
just got a tip tougher what'd she say
was wrong with him he's got a post-nasal
it's not a bacteria and bacteria or he's
good he's gonna be all right we stopped
and got some pure 100% carrots this is
liquid carrots and it's delicious I love
it
can you said you loved it yeah you
tricked me
back home hey Susie hey baby well well
well what do we have here dude first
game you thought I could just leave the
house first game you'd show up here to
play pinball hey I think you're just at
I'm just in time look I told King open
my table he's been working on it you did
all that dude
you gotta pull hard well you got a fork
that's your tool let me just show you
what's going on right now I'm literally
updating the vlogs on this computer
updating the smile more store on this
computer your phone is playin bimbo goes
into my room gets my fan because he's
hot did you just work into order you
know your fish tank needs maintenance
that's what he said mom I was hustling
would you do you guys she washes my
underwear leave this thank you my father
ever since I took grand champ it's
really a match in that it's really
getting to you it's killing me can't be
pinball taught you got to go back to
fish tank top man tank looks great by
the way this is all Todd I don't touch
it he does everything when he's not
playing him boy we used to be so happy
to get a number three spot now look how
upset he is I'm sweating Wicked Witch
I'm sweating
look at her that's my swore Todd's it oh
my gosh and you're only on pop bread oh
you're less than a hundred and fifty or
one hundred and seventy thousand why you
think that I could do this on two balls
yeah yeah an extra ball you turn that on
I'm not turning this off dude so how do
we have it sent over there that I made
Brittany fill me at $6.99 I'm filming
you at 900,000 I know the camera adds
pressure
Brittany's hoping so bad Todd doesn't
beat me so I actually don't play Vicky
you're not retarded because I were high
if you activate the quarter slots I'm
screwed
I mean they have you collect and change
any card I need corners it's like I'm
rooting for you but I'm also worried oh
is that it I'm sorry I'm sorry dude I'm
always rooting for you but I'm so happy
you didn't beat me that's the first time
you broke me milk wow that's a
are you scaring the fish I think you are
before it gets too late I got to show
you why I bought a trampoline yesterday
I seen you guys why would I buy a little
trampoline why why do I need that
I always need weird things so here we go
I need a builder buddy can you gonna
help me let's do it oh this is too
complicated all right you start opening
all those pipes okay here you open all
that stuff here we are trying to build a
mini trampoline got my little helper B
you got it we got the frame bill even
Britney had to step in because this
thing is JA had to tape every single
link together actually I just look for
excuses use my tape now we need that
let's do it alright guys if I would have
had a camera on me filming that you
would have seen a side of me you've
never seen me for I was ready to throw
it straight into that dumpster oh the
wood spoon trick time a minute four more
minutes four more minutes
on dinner and then Britney and I have to
tell you guys something I don't really
know how to say it so we're gonna add
four more minutes and then we're gonna
talk just not to show huh say
really okay so we've been trying to
figure out how to tell you guys this and
I don't know it's so weird we didn't
know how to bring it up because you guys
are like a part of everything we do but
we didn't tell you that you guys know
last week or the week before Cain wanted
a cat right kitty I kidding we got him a
cat and we didn't know how to vlog him
because he is the thing is wild like it
is wild Zeus
almost ate it twice we are gonna tonight
just as an experiment I'm gonna set up
the camera it hates literally hates the
Christmas tree like every time it comes
out here it just wants to touch the
Christmas tree like we're going to set
up a camera I'm just going to set up a
camera we're going to leave the room
we're going to go in the bedroom for
like 10 minutes and just see what
happens let's do it
alright guys I got a couple candles this
is camera 1 and this is camera 2
keep it cat get two cancer's dude I told
you that cat was crazy that cats crazy
guys are you how old and why would you
leave a trampoline out you you knew that
a trampoline was a bad idea I told you
not to even get that thing I just wanted
it so bad just for my fitness journey
what are we gonna name that cat a wild
wow wow wow wow wow cat I cannot wait to
see what that look like god that's the
whole reason I bought the trampoline
obviously and the reason the tree is
still on here's the truth behind this
entire thing
let me just spill it I tried for over a
month right to get a mascot I wanted a
full cat mascot like a legit cat like
that I could jump into the tree nobody
has them you can special-order them
they're like $1500 all the mascot places
have none to rent I seriously could not
get one so I settled with the little
tiger suit that I bought in LA with Kane
forever ago so almost February it's
almost February our tree still up it was
all because I wanted to do this since
Christmas I know it's so dumb I get
these ideas in my head I can't stop it
break it I think it's fine a lot of spot
I enjoyed every second of it do you like
Iran huh
Zeus chased me like a cat like a real
cat our house looks empty whoo
who remembers there's even a speaker
back here I completely forgot that's
been there the whole time now somehow
somehow out of all that Kane managed to
go in and go to sleep he doesn't feel
good
he had like a low fever we keep going
and checking on him check him out
Marcy Sam
he's passed out he's out I hate to say
this but my throat's swollen my sinuses
are plugged and bright hear it I can
hear like you know you can hear yourself
out of your ears sometimes it's like
muffled guys I hope you enjoyed the
little cat tree takedown it was
something fun I wanted to do for you um
I probably was so stupid honestly but
somehow that's that's me like I do
stupid stuff all the time and something
like that I feel like anybody else would
have been like either one well I can't
find a suit so I'm not gonna do it or
two after a month you'd be like no that
idea was stupid I'm not gonna do it but
I gotta do it
that's that I still had to do it that's
right and Britt's always just like
whatever you want we love you guys
thanks for hanging out we are gonna call
it I think this might happen tonight we
might watch a movie together
I think you guys sold out the bright
bugs again I don't know what to say I
had a question for you guys days driving
me nuts here's the question today and
I'm being serious like don't smile when
I say this should we keep the cat you
guys tell me in the comments should we
keep the cat I think like he's good for
the vlogs because you never know what
will catch I love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow
smile more beautiful you're one of a
kind yeah like that there's something
about when you friggin part look you're
on top of that car oh don't go any
further why do you never I'm still
so far away yeah I swear
