hey hey guys welcome welcome it is uh
beautiful why I was once a one take
intro baby I got this I'm done enough
that I'm like I'm nailing it now we are
finally getting out of the house Cain
woke up sick like he woke up like he'd
come out of the room like
and then Brittany's been tending to him
I've been editing yesterday's plugin I
woke her up with snowballs
you guys know the drill anyways we're
running out we're getting a whole bunch
of crap that we need literally crap
stuff I hate maar things I don't need
more bye but we have to have owning a
business you have to get certain things
Kane is feeling better by the way yeah
he's up he slept for a while he ate and
then mama is there right now they're
probably partying Hardy
first things first Britney's got to eat
I made a killer breakfast she decide to
get in the shower I waited she never
came out so she had bacon get some bacon
he's fakin yeah I had sausage bacon eggs
you name it I had it dang it how did you
get me to get food I was I didn't want
to eat I didn't but I don't know I
smelled food and I just look at this
like you into the truck you beat me
alright oh look at us being so
responsible business owners you're
coming in here take it
no we've neglected it now we have to get
it they still make mouse pads I actually
do need a mouse pad you don't leave that
Mouse's work on anything now I use them
on the carpet they used to be some
member when they you said the balls in
them how many of you remember that you
know yeah I remember I had to like take
it out and like yeah clean the balls
chairs we need chairs this is this is
crazy
we need chairs and tables and I need a
table for all my RC cars check it says
sidetracked it's supposed to be for
business and then I'm like wait I got
stuff to play with you want to test it
out you have to test the chair before me
buddy
that's it very good that's not what I
mean video that's a good one that's a
good chair but you kicked me
this place is straight closing like
their lights are going off they said
we're fine there they're gonna wait we
got three giant office chairs a big
table is good start oh we got a time
clock there's something about when you
friggin part look you're on top of that
car oh don't go any further why do you
never I'm still so far away good
luck
I swear no you aren't like that floor
like I told you no you are completely
right since we got the new bumper I have
been a little more worried because it
sticks out
you guys seen though it looks like she's
on top of that car she's you're miles
away miles miles Oh door boot stop
oh I like these you're always making fun
of my songs well the ones that you wear
good it's like in the middle of your
foot that's right g8 and a lot of times
I'll edit and I'll have half my socks on
half my foot oh my god she goes crazy
how did they get me on the cover of that
you wish you wish hey what should we
grab a juice a little a little gift for
his accident yesterday no Wilson too bad
these are good oh these are Oh
trampoline check wait it's so much work
don't work together all right dude you
went down in there how'd you do that man
Tokyo Drift anecca all right I got you
you're in luck all right
all right we're gonna save this guy
today you ready
she goes yeah okeyday baby whoo good job
honey
yeah it's so scary and like trying stuff
how people sometimes you don't know who
they are what they're more you want
again more you watch the news it's like
don't help no I got married again I can
steal your car are you nuts
what you never know I mean I don't know
people but thankfully that they did just
need helping me were able to help them
get down in the ditch hi buddy IVA
killed me Hey I scream call Missy miss
mommy's new homemade popsicles she found
these ice cream on these uh ice cream
cones that they freeze in it looks just
like us me yeah that's awesome
Zeus it come here can we got something
for Zoo see what is that what is that
you got new tennis balls you gonna dance
awesome multi-ball who doesn't know what
you want to get he doesn't know what you
want to get he got two in his mouth no
he does up to it as well ha ha ha I've
never seen him do that so we got some
new office supplies that we got to build
and put together we got a little steak
dinner here prepared good spread what is
this where is those real plates yeah
what is going on yeah we're not doing
paper plates did it did it do do it
don't don't don't oh why has mittens on
hey man he's got his own brain don't
that dad
alright guys it is time for the most
requested challenge of 2016 while you
laughing it's the build a chair
challenge I don't know who came up with
this actually we came up with it because
nobody would ever do this it's not a
real challenge here's what's happened we
have to have these chairs built for
tomorrow to make an excuse to build them
we're gonna have a race who can build it
there unopened we have the same knifes
starting it go we will tear into them
and whoever builds the chair first wins
whoever loses there's a consequence what
is the consequence I don't know there
must be a consequence the tree now
tomorrow so fun putting it up I don't
want to take it down I don't know we
will come up with that for now let the
race begin I'm not part of that all
right guys neither one of us have ever
built one of these so this should be
pretty ridiculous are you ready yeah you
say go you say go you should gonna help
me oh my gosh yeah eat your knife feel
like this this is my game
oh my gosh minutes up this was like what
is she doing you want
did I win I give up everybody here that
for the record
the back design on these things are
terrible bad design what is that I just
tightened my bolts off finish yours oh
we can team work it well we solve one
more chair we have to build three two
chairs are built I can't believe there's
another one get is this oh I'll get it
get it all right guys you got to tell me
why would I buy one of these why would I
buy a tiny trampoline not for fitness
that's the hint you're gonna give oh I
don't know about that there's a there's
a reason I bought this and it's gonna be
ridiculous and I'm gonna do it tomorrow
right may I have to do a small so you'll
find out why but guesses are welcome all
right guys as as we are getting caught
up on the smile more store I'm happy to
announce the next batch of smile more
bright bugs already I know this looks
like a lot of bugs and it is a lot it's
uh let's see how many we have
I don't know exactly how many have there
on the website right now guys I know you
guys have been waiting for these forever
and some of you have already gotten them
the last time I released them twice in a
row we have sold out instantly so if you
want one of these guys they're on the
website right now get them while you can
this is our last batch as of now this is
it this is all we have
there's red there's green and there is
blue you guys know the drill if you want
one order now I promise they will not
last so for the rest of the night I'm
probably just gonna nerd out a little
bit organize my office a little bit get
this new table I got this jumbo table
totally matches I'm going to continue to
organize this and turn it into an actual
working place I've had this house for a
year and a half I think and I've never
used it
I come in I print I scan that's it so
we're slowly turning into a place that I
can actually go to and get some work
done
we're having doors installed because
there's no door so we love you guys
thanks for hanging out today really
we're getting it today was a good
balance between blogging and work
between the business so I'm happy that
we did what we did I know it's a short
plug but we still did a vlog loves his
tennis balls he's got him all over we
will see you guys tomorrow thanks for
all the support all the love and just
you know who you are
you really are supportive and uh yeah
Brittany's just doing her work know
where I get to edit so we'll both be
working together side by side tonight
teamwork makes the dream work
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
foster if you like this is awesome
oh that's it
