hey guys just like that the basement is
loaded everything smile more now it just
needs folded impact and in shelf look at
ourselves they're hurting so bad
so last night I put play in front of
work and it forced me to work this
morning so come on Zeus get your ball
hope you guys are having an awesome day
let's get rolling come on buddy oh you
used to climb these steps so fast hey
guys hey hey we don't we don't know who
shipped all this uh to us but it was in
a random box in our merch I don't even
understand how we got it but thank you
whoever sent it there's no note nothing
it was an Amazon box Oh Kane has been
digging through it all morning I love
you guys I got to go
love you I love you me love you I got to
take a second thank you guys seriously
on a personal level thank you for for
sticking around through not just the
exciting box with the boring vlogs like
the work getting uh having to rent a
truck and going to pick up merch and
thank you for for hanging out through
even those day I still consider myself
more of a creator than a vlogger so I'm
always trying to create something cooler
for the vlog but on some days it's not
an option like it is not an option
whether it be family time or it be
business time sometimes vlogs just
aren't that exciting so I love seeing
that you guys stick around even through
those days and to be honest with you
most of you guys are right you guys
always say it's a vlog film your life
that's what you're gonna want to
remember that's what you're going to
want to watch when you're older and
you're absolutely right it it it is like
I want to see us picking up this merch
in the future be like man you remember
when we used to do that or you know we
shipping all our orders out of our
basement like I know that's gonna become
a crazy memory at some point
so thank you guys so much it truly means
the world to us my family it's so cool
you guys are here on this journey with
us and lots of fun things are always
about to happen but they're always about
to happen nothing's here right now so
let's just continue our day dropping
this truck off going to get Noah from
school and then who knows
well I've successfully driven a 28 foot
truck feel pretty good yes sir that
truck is like driving a bucket down the
set of stairs with dishes in it that
truck is like rolling down the side of a
mountain in a box made out of Legos it's
like driving a jackhammer
down the street but it's a truck it's a
truck it's supposed to have stiff
suspension to hold all the extra weight
you put in it if it had soft suspension
it would just sink down mmm I know I
know a thing or two about cars guys it's
kind of my thing
oh good just squeeze your head off we're
gonna go in and grab some snacks we
don't need them but we want them what
happened
tough tough decisions oh my gosh you
know we only had four choices it would
be easier to pick but we have 40 at
least on it so far
and get some for Kane let's get some for
Kane surprising oh my gosh the topic of
the day is we are supposed to finally
get snow like legit snowman so no one
are both hoping so bad I know and if we
do get snow you guys know what that
means we finally get to get the ATV and
our tubes out we got these crazy tubes
like two seater and I got another where
you lay down on I haven't even showed
you guys yet I'm even opening out the
Box I have anything sticking it hey Zeus
hey boy what still playing with LEGOs oh
you buried in work
what could you hi Suze I see you you
gotta go pick a hand
this one chocolate milk let us know let
us know let us know Hey the first flakes
are coming down just I mean you can't
even see it but they are it's starting
oh if we get snow it's game on
no it cracked open the brand-new drone
look at this little guy that's sick
wait where's the it's supposed to hold
an entire GoPro yeah right here oh this
is nuts
look at this Kane and Brittany has no
joke been buried in smile marker when I
talk about like things we just can't do
in the vlog that is exactly what she's
done all day and yesterday going in all
day yesterday yeah almost everything's
back to normal so good we had that I
mean we had to take away from the bugs a
little bit through what's going on up
there stuff oh it's Hulk and stretchy
man so although I got a lot of work done
things I wanted to do look at this
that's my beanie head right there I
smell like a workhorse like nasty I'm
gonna jump in the shower my brother just
hit us up we might go hang out with them
or go bowling or something Ruhlman let's
go boiling yet like Jays up in the air I
don't I don't know what to do I'm open
for snow that's the goal like I want to
do snow stuff all right it's starting to
snow oh let's get the Baja machine out
hop up there we're gonna run over to my
brother's house not sure what we're
doing maybe play some games maybe just
hang out Oh family times like Friday
nights what we've been doing lately so
Eddy look look will you hit me with your
best shot it's Han Solo not you I don't
want you to at me go for it which is it
your magic trick magic trick applause
all right they're working on it you guys
put on a magic show you guys have to go
plan a magic show for us all right go
plan it and bring it back sophistic Yuri
everybody all right guys are you ready
they put some planning in we've warped
past was it been three four hours since
they went up yeah here we go
Conrad enters the room ladies and
gentlemen ah let's see it that
disappearing magic trick of all Oh
didn't see him
all right let's see it Dale that would
rubber screw all right just keep getting
better
oh all right
no what's up one little tube and tree oh
all right we already seen that oh oh
good effort kids
all right guys your orphan back home we
just hung out we're getting some snow
but I don't know I don't know if it's at
enough slickery it's for proof you have
to fill I do not the cameras gonna mess
me up
that's Malden
that's MALDI oh are you just gonna sorry
Todd I'm sorry pinball Todd here we go
this has to be
all right that's it that's the game dang
I had so much lawyers 10,000 bonus beds
so much lined up what you need to get a
picture that with no score on it you
should take that to Todd and tell him to
guess your score
I literally just finally got grand champ
on my own pinball machine I have a
friggin Todd has held that position for
like two weeks seen it in the vlog
he beat me so bad 700 17,000 that game
just took like 30 easily 30 minutes to
get that score I only showed bits and
Clips but you guys remember the day he
beat me he was rubbing it in my face so
hard so now I'm drantch am anyways
Britney's been down here by herself for
like the last hour so I'm gonna come
down here and finish this guys the last
two days has been a lot of work and not
a lot of good vlog stuff so thanks for
sticking around like I said at the
beginning of this vlog we should be back
normal vlogging tomorrow we should get
some snow maybe have a fun snow day I
don't know we'll see what happens either
way thank you I love you thanks for
everybody that participated in the
survey yesterday that was cool love you
guys thanks for everything thanks for
the support we will see you tomorrow you
are awesome
you're a one-of-a-kind don't forget that
my money are you gonna stay and eat no
she said I had to go home dang mama
hey I didn't really want to go because
she was leaking a while ago she gave me
one to go you know what you know what I
do when I when she tells me now take my
checkbook away from murder
