what am I forgetting what I got my keys
moe hey guys my keys my wallet this big
truck we are its part gonna be a workday
today I'm getting this big truck we're
gonna fill it up you know what that
means we found this really cool spot in
the middle of nowhere that rents u-hauls
like literally it's like a hidden gem so
this is where we've been going I don't
need it don't need it hmm
well that didn't take long we are
apparently the person that rents the
halls is not actually here which is
weird cuz we call them like yeah come
pick it up so I don't know what to do I
guess if you guys watch the vlog where
we made the loop-d-loop this is the
loop-d-loop right here I need to throw
it away but I just want the heart I love
it so much these guys are working man
hey Zeus hey buddy hi dude what are you
playing
you got a seven Oh give me a hug that's
my boy get down hey there is uh the
girls not available the lady's not there
there's nobody there for the you all's I
swear I just turn around least I got to
see you you were asleep when I left so
this is what's going on at my house
today the building is slowly but surely
going up with the weather and everything
in the freezing we haven't really been
able to move past this how in the heck
are you guys that guy um the guys doing
my building they bring all their
equipment the tractors the Bobcats that
I do do whatever you want with these
things so I'm trying to think of the
best use for this stuff look at this guy
I want one of these
I just run things over all day how are
you guys I told you guys like it really
hit me in back in December when I was
missing a lot of vlogs like once a week
I would miss a vlog and I was telling
you guys we were getting hit with
Christmas at the smile Moore store if
you're new to this channel I own a
company called smile more that's our
merchandise a lot of you are familiar
with it but in December we got hit
really hard for Christmas and I was
missing like a week a day a week out of
the vlogs that I kept saying the more I
focus on smile more the less I give the
vlogs and the more I give on the vlogs
the less I give on smile more so I
haven't missed any vlogs this year
except yesterday and we really just
crushed a smile more store and that's
what I'm doing today I'm finishing up on
picking up the last of the merch and the
website is restocked finally almost with
everything but it's kind of neglected
not shipping shipping is always running
a lot of you guys are waiting on
stickers we ran out of friggin stickers
so some of you that ordered stickers are
still waiting please be patient I'm so
sorry we're going to send extra stuff
for all of you that are waiting so here
we are with a fresh start I hope you
guys are friggin doing pray oh you're
feeling great I hope you realize you
know what today I could have just gave
up like the u-haul place failed me
and we could have just waited all day or
pick up the phone you make some calls
you find another you are that's where
I'm going right now
make it happen don't rely on people like
she said well try back in an hour nope
just do what you got to do baby you know
the rules you know the routine I hope
you guys are feeling great like I said
keep a big smile on your face don't let
nobody bring you down this whole world
is designed to bring you down man the
news is designed to bring you down
everybody wants to bring you down don't
let it happen
you guys are stronger than that you're
better than that you're one of a kind
your beautiful smile boy let's do this
let's keep going up it's sunny out that
means the cops are out
you ever see police in the rain nope no
what do we talk of you we have found the
u-hauls it took a long time I went to
two different locations in this of all
places is where they have I did not
expect to walk in here and get at you ha
yeah we made it
I don't know which truck is mine it's
gotta be this big dog there's got to be
the biggest one I said I want the
biggest one you have it's got to be this
one usually they come out and they like
check the u-haul make sure there's no
dance check the gas nothing I just like
here's your key maybe they already did
it I'm not gonna like I'm not gonna lie
or BS anybody this is a much bigger
truck than I'm used to driving 26 428
foot 28 foot truck here goes nothing see
what this baby's got my god I tell you a
quick true story when I was learning how
to draw it back when I was like 16 years
old it was an unlined my car was an
automatic
my parents car was an automatic so it
shifts for you you just drive when I got
my first car it was a stick a standard
you had to shift it I learned at the
dealership my first standard car I
learned at the dealership never driven
one before I just hopped in and learned
myself how to drive it
driving home I was scared to death man
like every little incline you'd stop at
you have to you know let off the clutch
and go I did it I got home nope no
problems but I was I was pretty
terrified all right I made it not bad I
don't think I parked that good that's
not too bad that's whatever this will be
our largest order of smile more t-shirts
of all time okay all of these boxes
smile more Oh
13,000 t-shirts guys 13,000 what I never
thought we'd order 500 t-shirts let me
just tell you guys something right now I
just peed behind that dumpster that's
not what I want to say let me tell you
something man every time I do this stuff
my eyes go like open because I know a
lot of you been with me a long time and
you remember us with 12 t-shirts
literally sending out a handful of
t-shirts and now we can't even keep the
store stocked if you go to that website
yesterday sold out sold out sold out
sold out sold out and you guys see me
picking up truckloads of this stuff
I'm telling man smile more is turning
into a movement it's more than just two
words on a t-shirt it's a lifestyle and
I love it and I live by it I want you to
live by it you don't have to buy a shirt
to live by I'm just saying
the world needs smiles right now more
than ever you guys know what I'm talking
about you see what's trending you see
what's on the news they're negative
negative negative let's bring it up and
let's work to bring it up spread the
message I never shut up when I started
when I start like just pending and
ranting I never shut up going to pick up
now I gotta go somehow fit three pallets
of small more water bottles from my
brother's place so I'm gonna go there
right now hopefully it'll fit this thing
is this full so I made it back home and
I can tell you this this suckers stuck
no matter what that's just awesome
so now it's just a matter of making
space as so many boxes our basement is
filling up I've been cleaning this area
out stacking this bright bugs beanies we
are trying soar to be back in shape I
know a lot of you guys probably assume
that you go on the website you order
sure and if some company sends it out
but what a lot of you do know is we ship
everything out of our basement whoa we
do it all right here at our house
kids hilarious yeah see yeah it's all
family operated you guys single-handedly
employ like half our family trampolines
a problem many ramps are a problem
they're not really getting that used
this giant bag of balls from the ball
prank we still have untouched that's one
way to do it alright as you can see I've
made pretty good space I gotta take a
break juice let's go upstairs oh you got
to bring your ball a little much work
for today's vlog let's switch it up a
little bit whoo we got going on up here
if you have chicken breasts you've ever
made like like you pull it apart make
like a chicken sandwich se you can see
the chicken back Britney used to spin
like an hour pulling apart all this
stuff right at least ten hours she would
spend pulling a hundred hour now she
just sticks it in a bowl and shreds it
with that that's it folks
Britney Smith's how-to in the kitchen
she showed you the wooden spoon last
week today blending chicken hey I think
you got something there you can put that
a like in a and a cup and drink it well
little loop-d-loop I think it's time to
go it's a beautiful night guys
check out my building man smile Moore's
getting it up great look what they did
to my son walk they cut it here to run
the water supply out to the building
places a freaking mess I'm actually
starting to think we're gonna have a
building check it out these are huge
stones apparently once it's level here
they're gonna they're gonna lay it all
with this stone I'm seriously gonna need
a lesson I've know I've never driven
this thing ever
never I'm like immediately questioning
whether this building is big enough it's
a forty by eighty which it always looks
small at this point I know when my
parents built their house their first
house it was like it looks so small but
once it was done it looked huge
so I guess this is kind of deceiving
right now and then all this concrete my
brand-new driveway all this country it's
going to be torn out rebuilt probably
from here and it's going to slowly
incline into these two bays I literally
I'm trying to share everything with you
guys we have some we have some friends
coming over tonight
Brittany's preparing a little dinner um
gonna take a little break from this mom
more stuff so we can actually have a
vlog today and yeah that's it look what
Brittany did - oh ho ho ho check out my
boots man
trying to update you guys Brittany got
my office pretty friggin nice um now I
need like shell I don't know what to do
with all my stuff charging stuff and
every time I look at you my eyes just
light up every time I see you in a cute
little tank top I just I start to blush
and I had that backwards out of yours it
just just does something to me
okay okay
come on buddy what you want to do man
this is my brother's chair by the way he
is hopefully taking that home tonight I
don't know yet it's been buried in my
office since we moved in the house I
can't pull you that's not a sled that's
a lid to a bucket I mean it probably
would Paul let me see anything's
possible
anything is possible Oh oh geez warping
into a little bit of time here Dale
showed up and he brought me because we
know that you haul stuff yeah the best
rope in the world thank you this'll do
it yeah this will do it so we are set
for u-haul Pole that's gonna have to
happen got Jeff his wife Sierra how's
how's the food burger it knows what
she's doing man people underestimate her
have a gamma blog without a food blog
I'm not staying download thank you
unload what I try to unload it ya know
that's what you got to do unlovable
oh there's a messenger he's mad are you
gonna stay and eat no she said I had to
go home dang mama hey I said I was gonna
go cuz she was leaving a while ago she
gave me one to go you know what you know
what I do why not when she tells me no
checkbook away from murder ha ha ha this
dinner is awesome we think mama come eat
with us how are you doing this well take
a break why you always lying in pink
Cadillac we're talk we're talking about
we're talking about gas prices and
reassessment do you remember what gas
prices were when you started driving
well I scored a I pulled in nothing 50
cents worth of gas in that Cadillac 50
cents would do it yeah it would fill it
no no no it was enough to run around I
mean you hang this up
so so we have to all agree on one answer
I have never struggled so hard in my
life to play a game we're trying to play
would you rather board game and because
I just want to read the question I just
want to read the cards I just want to
pick and read it the attention span of a
goldfish right now oh so fun I know yeah
be a be able to staple with your thumb
and forefinger who or have nunchucks for
hair nunchucks for hair yeah no I'm
going with the staple technique imagine
how can be me all have to agree on one
throw if you can't here he has what she
thinks we're all gonna fit it's the egg
roll this is like what role I want an
egg roll alright so they want to get a
new game out I'm gonna read a couple up
just for you guys
our little puppy you want a treat he's a
yep would you rather be able to press a
mute button to silence children or be
silenced adults that would be epic which
one would you choose know what I mean
it'd be amazing yeah she's one don't bug
my lens it's my last camera it's my last
good camera okay m'kay new button
that's right break it up
alright guys we were heading into that
ending time I tried to give you a little
bit of a of a little more raw style
today kind of almost as if I went and
upload it that's almost what I film
today like now I'm not going to put that
up it's just business or it's uh you
know me showing my building being built
like like not entertaining to myself and
I have to remember that vlogs are my
life and what I want to watch in the
future and seeing my kids and my
building being built I want to remember
that you know so now is the time in that
vlog I am going to crush out whatever I
need to get done down here I'm working
we're all working we have so many people
working here now it's it's insane one
last thing if you want to help me out I
am putting in the top of this
description it's a quick survey you've
seen a lot of youtubers do this this is
not an ad this is not a commercial this
is for my channel this is literally a
survey designed to understand who my
viewers are everything from your age
your you know who you are what do you
like on my channel you will answer quick
questions about your favorite things
about my channel maybe like the family
vlogs maybe like the travel vlogs maybe
this will design a survey for me to
understand what you guys really want to
see and I try to do really what I want
to do but it's awesome to see you guys
how you know what's your age what's your
all this stuff it'll be in the top of
the description if you want to check it
out if not no biggie I freaking love you
guys remember that you were awesome and
you're one of a kind and you're
beautiful
and you don't have one of these things
on your chin it it won't go wet like I
mean I mean I think it's here to stay
I think we should name it I love you
guys we will see you tomorrow thanks for
everything
oh oh it's so junky yes dearie oh okay
