what is up guys I am look at this I am
in a doctor's office and I'm gonna be
honest with you I don't want to be here
I hate this stuff
but I'm getting to that age where it's
good to have checkups man it can't hurt
to know that you're healthy or unhealthy
so I'm just here bloodwork physical just
the typical like hey you're dying or not
dying stuff here here's Brittany and
Kane they're out there waiting in the
truck they're actually eating out there
I hope you guys are having such a good
day I know this is a weird spot to start
the vlog but I couldn't snap out of it's
morning I was like I yeah but yeah blog
so now I can vlog and there's this
camera right here and they're probably
watching me like what is this kids
problem what is this dude dealing so
this is an official wait
I'll see what I am what do you guys
think how much do you think I would go
for it you can tell that's what this
shoes is 140 pounds he's pretty fat his
shoes hey it's your height you're like
ha ha oh here we go height
I'll tell you guys think I am with shoes
so flat shows like it like what I gotta
move you're still just under uh you're 5
foot 8 and 3/4 I think water because
your heels what do you mean
5 foot 8 with shoes I'm everything is
going on that's crazy
I thought I was taller than flat foot I
would have guessed 5 9 at least man this
is terrible
ok so oxygen levels are good somehow I
don't know how they test that out she
just just put her ear up to her mouth
and I took a deep breath all right
what's this second one pressure we're
gonna do your blood pressure to raise
your arm it's like tattoos it's my herb
let me know when it gets too tight and
you're all terrifically about himself
it's already blue blue are purple black
eye you still have these things in your
kid the ones in the store yeah they
didn't really squeeze you I'm just a
baby
you got 120 over 60
I say good you have a nervous look like
you get one tell me that you're like a
16 year old she says all right healthy
so far guys you're doing good
this is the part where they leave you in
here alone and you just wait what do you
do for a living that's like the most
common like when you're filling out
those papers or anything you do in life
they're like what do you do for living
your occupation and that question still
gets me at what do I do for a living I'm
a blogger
well most companies don't know what that
is uh I do YouTube for a living you make
money on YouTube how do you explain to
people what I do for a living it's
really it's like an it's even though
it's been around for a while now it's
still new especially here in Ohio what
youtubers aren't that popular in Ohio's
oh all right guys now we wait hey thanks
for waiting James not here that's good
it's quick I wasn't in there that long
maybe half hour an hour Wow Wow I was
pacing in there a little bit so preserve
us
are you playing in the cabinet are you
doing
warping back home Kate had a little bit
of arts and crafts time and when I say
arts and crafts I mean used an entire
bottle of Elmer's glue and why wouldn't
he I mean that's a dream come true just
tell you the problem it wouldn't come
out of the top and couldn't fix the top
this you just opened it yeah I think you
did a great job this probably one of the
greatest cocaine I think if you signed
this we could we could we could make
some money buddy you want to go into
business with me you just want to hang
it up did you can hang it up I'd be more
than happy to hang it up just gotta make
a phone call rubber bands to it they're
everywhere I am about to ask you guys a
huge favor we actually because you I
seen on Twitter
everybody was tweeting just voted we
just voted for you for a shorty award I
have never I don't think I've ever been
nominated for this and it's user vote
huh freakin awesome is this
honey crazy boat be aware of the wrath
of Roma now it's since creating his
prank channel in 2009 nearly all of his
pranks have gone by roll regularly
ranking up millions of views his most
popular of the year and him turning his
house into a ball pit probably yeah
so guys you you this is the first time
I've ever been anywhere near winning
award with your votes and I know how
freaking powerful you guys are that's
why I'm asking for your help because you
determine whether I win or not that is a
fact
like I'm not going to win without you so
I don't want to ask for too much but I'm
gonna leave the link to vote for me in
the top of this description if you can
take not even a minute I guarantee it
doesn't even take a minute hit the link
hit vote oh my gosh everybody votes on
Twitter I'll do a following spree like I
will follow you please go vote for me I
think this is awesome I think I actually
have a chance there's a lot of great
people nominated but I think I actually
have a chance on this should I vote for
you using your Facebook videos I'm gonna
use my mom's account on my huge my
brother's account everybody account
thank you guys in advance I know you
guys are gonna smash this so plus extra
vote on Twitter plus extra oh if you put
on Twitter gives you a plus-one so to
vote once per day will count an extra
vote each time you share it on Facebook
or Twitter so you guys can vote every
single day oh that's gonna be tough how
long how long wins the awards cane are
you gonna vote for me nah dang it
we are gonna rip open one of these our
C's tracks just hooked us up with
yesterday and maybe make a little snug
course we think stunt course might as
well do some mmm
anyways
oh my gosh we are about I don't know how
I just thought that on film I hope I did
we are gonna do something awesome I just
thought of it right now I think my
brother's going to come over which means
we're going to get creative Kane show
them what you were doing since there is
no snow outside we've been making the
best out of our raft that we got we
haven't got to use it yet
Kane has personally Noah taught him how
to make a slide out of it Samantha now
it's a sled I just asked him if he wants
water and he ate the leftover food that
was also famous like the rock happily on
wheels go around and down oh yes it
falls back onto the top wait on stools
what are they gonna do we're about to
turn this place into a playground sorry
brick great I'm leaving I'll come back
after you clean it up girls can play too
so if you guys watch yesterday's vlog
you know that Traxxas sent us a bunch of
RC cars this one just makes sense to
have in the house right Brett I was
about to make like this crazy course
cardboard is probably gonna suck so I
called my brother he's here and they
sent us two of these one black and one
blue so why do one when we can do - I
like the game plan I think I've got some
ideas i I said let's build a cardboard
because you guys know we have all the
cardboard from the store we cut it up we
make ramps all over the house and Dale
said what about a loop-de-loop and I
immediately said yes let's do that
loofa so let's loop-de-loop it do we
make a runway here into a loop or do we
drop off the counter into a they don't
loop right in the zoo all cuz we have to
paint a track on the foot on the floor
yeah bait washes off no it is not
indoor paint marker danger extremely
flammable you'll have that it's part of
the game you have that fire flash fire
the kids will also it's fine yeah all
right skip pass a little bit of the
boring stuff we went downstairs got a
ton of cardboard we're gonna cut it all
up and try to make the loop just
cardboard right we're gonna do it that's
right so we are now drawing our
predictions on how we think this is
gonna go and I think I got um I mean I
think I got that well you know I don't I
don't know if I got it but take a look
at this see we got off the counter
starting down the counter loop-d-loop
off the ramp and then backflip with
sheer momentum and driving skills what
is this that's the loop-de-loop got it
all right similar idea almost almost
identical I've got the the counter start
we drop cardboard off the counter here
we begin to go down loop and then you
have to land on the couch right I've
updated I've upped this game personnel
laying behind the ramp that the car goes
over right there see him smiling brand
new ramp we're now taping together all
the smile more bright bug boxes into one
runway so we can try to loop it I think
it's a great idea why did we do this
sooner
I don't know coming along nicely it's
sweet okay
yeah just like that we're getting
somewhere
I don't know where I we got to bend it
all up so it makes the circles right now
it's a wall we can successfully say that
our first attempt is failing only
because this dag on coat right is
clothing wraps not strong enough install
design and big enough we're going to
attempt to run a rope up to the balcony
down around the loop to support it and
pull the center of the loop up it's
perfect
what do you mean dinner and smoothie
break call this is perfect it's kinda
last-second Brett made the kids these
are like out of this world prison blades
I don't know what's going on
Pizza pepperonis jell-o and yogurt
frozen oranges look at these by the way
have you guys ever heard of a blood
orange these are called blood oranges
and they're kind of gross looking
yeah I smell really good all right ah
we're definitely getting sore it's
starting to look like a puppeteer
we have strings all over the house good
here we are getting quite the loop
though yeah that's it that's the spot
like tighter yeah right there that's it
put a piece of tape let's tape this
sadaqa in ladies and gentlemen you are
about to witness the first smile more
cardboard loop ever created in my living
room
look at this it's not bad I mean it's
it's jacked up but it's really actually
pretty loopy oh we should seal this
corner yeah we should yeah got the
GoPros ready got one over here we got
the floppy crowd all right I think we're
just about ready this is taking a really
this is taking a really long time to get
ready we couldn't forgot to reverse the
controls we finally did now we're ready
to hit the loop first try you ready yeah
this would be our first attempt at the
loop I haven't even even warmed up all
right you boys ready no pressure
all right let's do this blue team first
black team up a coin see you guys first
oh I like the idea let's do it let's end
up winning tails
lose haha Cheerios always tails you go
first
hey all right here we go
no warm-up whatsoever here we go oh dang
more speed look more speed for sure I'm
just getting a sample in here the feel
for it oh dang oh it looks so good let's
go to the slo-mo cam one more we're
going to you you almost got it
alright I'm convinced it can't happen I
have not successfully went around the
loop then and they all hasn't even got
it like practice so here we go let's see
it that's why the stadiums are built far
away from the radar
I need very much that trigger I saw
something no you didn't break it
steer oh baby you're good you're good
that was hilarious you guys want helmets
oh you are
oh it's so junky yes dearie oh okay
you're going you got this yeah you're
all the way for here dude you had it but
the goal is to hit the ramp Oh
we snag the carpus junkie freaking ramp
no I think it's your rope that's it
Oh nuts that's why it got snagged okay
let's take take the rope no you had it
so perfect
this is a perfect example what you can
do with cardboard is up to you having
fun what you think
let's see now it's not a bad idea right
I was like you want to okay Dale is
preferring to stand on the back side of
the ramp which I haven't tried yet if
you would call this around here we go Oh
a little pillow good we're finding all
the weak we're finding all the spots
that the truck hits every time yeah and
if you make it there's pillars are just
gonna wipe you out the rad reference she
hit the floor let the Aussie hit the
fluff
oh you caught you a baby giraffe ah you
were so close you have to be able to
sing I think you're gonna have to stand
over here yeah but when you're in the
ramp you can't see we need to go POV
with goggles you can go right up yeah
with goggles so far I don't know I feel
like you made it around once but you
didn't make it all right all the way it
was like you hit the loop half lot it's
the walk of shame going to pick it up
wah wah oh that was close Oh a little
Haggard oh you had it
oh so far I feel like we've got maybe
one half job we need a good solid loop
and ramp to complete this night we got
this around the world there's only a
million people watching it's just
blasting the camera stopped recording
I'm so glad I got that one you were on
it it looks legit from here it looks
like it looks like a real loop real poop
loop that's awesome ladies and gentlemen
is Romans turn let's see it what series
ha ha ha ha crew is hard at work
rebodied in the frame the road there are
no more excuses well there are no more
excuses left here as the racers get
ready it comes down he goes for the
barrel roll you almost takes down with
duct tape turns duct tape curtains are
holding strong don't steer
oh yeah say man I was first try right
there yeah we did it
I was sweet we did the loop now so made
Lou the living room loop that's where we
can call I think we're gonna keep it
yeah if we're going to keep it since it
was so easy to do the loop to loop we
just did it like that we're bored now so
we're gonna modify and just make it one
continuous loop so it just goes like
this who can do the most who can do the
most loops we'll have a whole panel of
judges counting loops or maybe you guys
can help count for us if we can do this
at all - Dale's bright idea is to turn
this into one solid loop making it
countable to make loose one two broken
truck yeah the loop we've officially
lost our minds Dale is going on a hit
record I'm I don't even want to stand by
it these things gonna come out here we
go start straight I think I need this
yeah you all right oh my
this is not sanctioned according to the
race rules it's so wobbly wobbly wobbly
wop it's coming out of here so let me
trim it no I think your the way you're
throwing it just go from there I think
it's got it that's it yeah dude that's
gonna hold it in there hold it all right
all right here we go
this is it you got your blocker you
ready ha ha let's try that here we go so
sloppy ha ha that's it that's it we're
just gonna destroy the line that is so
dumb
yo I got it we cut a hole here and you
have to come down the ramp and enter the
loop okay it's a one-way flap you knock
it open and then it shuts once again the
loop was too easy we are now cutting a
flap you'll come down the ramp enter the
flap do the loop and this will shut for
continuous loose oh that's it
we did one I just want that thing to do
like it is working now
yes Oh message you definitely get a loom
I want you to lose once I'm in I can't
see where I'm at that's the thing
yeah and one I think that is gonna wrap
up our living room loop for tonight what
a fun time thanks for joining you want
to drive you've been patiently waiting
but you have a surprise for me this room
just wait
Brittany's been in my office the entire
time yes that is true you can see my
desk alright guys thanks for joining in
I know it got late yeah
be gone little little dudes by roman
hate to stick you with that mess wrong
oh yeah let it go but that took way
longer than we thought it got late I
told Dale to just take the kids and go I
will clean this up totally fun guys a
little bit of string cardboard tape RC
cars boom and a really cool brother and
some really fun kids and a girlfriend
puts up with my crap and while she's
putting up with my crap she cleaning my
office the entire night what is that oh
my gosh moved in my dad gave me this I
really hate to see it go man I really
hate the things we've done inside this
house is absolutely unbelievable so drop
it that's not yours you see that lucky
gimme
mommy ridiculous like Zeus the Horsehead
chains away all right guys I genuinely
hope you enjoyed today's vlog we had a
lot of fun it got later than I expected
the loop actually took a ridiculously
long time I did not think it would take
that long so I'm cutting the vlog off I
gotta go I get edit all this footage and
get the GoPro footage in and get up
really early so I'm making a little bit
of excuses here but I got a run tonight
it's already really late is he asleep
you got the boy to sleep holy cow mom of
the Year award so hard that voice tough
sometimes up guys I'm asking for a big
favor go at the top of my description
right below and click on it info for us
vote for me to win YouTube comedian of
the year it's crazy that I'm even in
that category so please anything you can
do if one minute 30 seconds however long
it takes and apparently you get two
votes if you post it on twitter furyay
per day yeah so you guys didn't do it as
much as you possibly can it would help
me out a lot and so just look at that
eye booger what do you want you need
your eyedrops hope you enjoyed the the
living room loop we will see you
tomorrow
thanks for everything you are awesome
you are one of a kind smile
whoa he's like slidin feel like I'm
about to rob this place all right
taking this place down all right so
might be a little difficult to film in
here
