what's up bud guys we have some fun
today it is cold but it is beautiful to
do you welcome to the vlog guys we are
hanging out eating that like I said it's
very cold it's brisk but it's beautiful
cornbread getting some rest inside so I
brought the kids out we're gonna have
some fun charged in our C's playing with
toy guns playing with toy sticks I don't
even know what that is you kill him he's
dead one-shot kill oh you're on a team
better medic yo he looks like he's he's
down for the count you're back he's back
Oh God didn't work didn't work he's
really down aw jeez it's so cold already
hope you guys are having an awesome day
we are like I said I'm gonna charge up
some batteries we woke up this morning
in the pond it's been it hasn't been
frozen it it froze and then it all
melted and then it has not been frozen
so today we woke up and it's frozen I
don't know how solid it is we're gonna
try some RC trucks and I don't know
let's go check it out we need more snow
this is all we have this is our snow
right there that's it I don't know this
is pretty solid holy cow
yeah pitchforks pitchforks oh my gosh
harder hard are you gonna want it you
gotta want to break it the gutters
leaking check that out that's cool if
you were I'd say this is the most snow
we have on the property right in the car
we make use out of it we get what we get
don't throw a fit we love snow and we
live right on the edge of never getting
snow or getting some snow so when we do
get it it is like it is so fun for us we
really enjoy it and I know a lot of you
I see you guys on social posts and the
crazy amount of snow you have and we're
just like drooling envious of your snow
we want to play in it
bad what he needs another medic what's
going on with this kid
you only had first aid medical supplies
alright to the plan let's go check this
pawn what do you think you can walk on I
don't know I don't know if it was frozen
yesterday or just today there's like no
snow right this dirt did it almost has
ripples in it as if it froze while the
water was like moving I don't know maybe
I'm crazy I am try it see how hard it is
boom
it doesn't look like it's old geez
you go straight through that there you
go
broke it that is cool see the air
bubbles underneath yeah boy get it get
it here comes them he's like you guys
are playing out here I even know you're
out here the slide yeah that's perfect
dude you're gonna do it cane I'll do it
with you
alright yep you're crazy just try it
you're just gonna go higher and higher
and so you do it do it gain whoo are you
waiting on snow too huh boy you ready to
be a sled dog you want pull you know
pull cord on a little slid he'd be like
show straight through the woods do a
cannonball into it you're almost at the
very top do it will be a little sissy
boy get up there and jump run and slide
down on your belly see ya
told you yo let's get a bucket of water
and dump it off the top and in like a
couple hours it'll be right and you can
just slide down it cuz right now you're
just turning in the water he'll move oh
he'll move well Jeff lush what's y'all
come all right boys
you're gonna go like that I'll send you
down you are asking for it dude
yeah oh geez you were standing on I saw
you Wow you were like totally gonna go
in okay oh that's awesome you hold on to
that ladder boy you're so light but
gains on it he's on the ice he's asking
for it it's all fun and games till you
go in that ice man like even up to your
knees your legs
I remember Noah falling in up to your
I've fallen in ice maybe up to my waist
and it is shocking but you're fine at
the end of the day you sitting all the
way on it
oh man you getting brave little brisket
you're so light dude you can handle it
go check on our trucks you wanna check
on oh my gosh dude you get your
Christmas rope that's awesome stuck
Mayday Mayday what's up dude I was just
coming to say hi what's going on schizo
Oh get me oh my god he thinks is my
fault all the grass is frozen and hard
and dirty and neighs nothing to eat
crazy in the summer he just grazes on
the property every day but in the winter
we have to actually feed him every day
so different so we are gonna our seat up
and you guys wanna get some bodies
Thanks that's fine
batteries grab some bodies up there that
just grab that whole stat yeah and you
can pick your body there's a lot of
trucks there take whatever one you want
for your truck guys remember Korres
Korres truck we painted her back way
before she remember that let's do it
it's ice first one to go around the
fountain and back to this spot wins okay
so it's not about speed it's about
control I'm gonna let you guys go so I
can film it three two one go good job
Kane oh he's going around you better
move it now you better move it there's
the drift oh gosh the camera there you
go great job doing really good both of
you it's the final stretch who's gonna
be able to do it there's good that you
guys go the wrong way
takes it great job pulling the ice right
see big dog breaks it see if I can go
through this ice you gotta go really
slow and now you did it how did you both
do that that is impossible
all right the rescue trucks out there
you gotta fill it I'm up to try to knock
you guys over I'm like no attraction I'm
just gonna Ram you do it
oh my god
oh that's hilarious well it's one way to
get the land with you try there you go
oh nice lashes like I want it so bad
give me the truck okay so probably a
really bad idea but I'm gonna attempt to
ramp the truck you see the hole come on
ready yeah ready do it okay
Oh way to do it okay go for ya
was amazing I love that all right go
ahead ready when you are
okay we are running in kids are frozen
out we're gonna jump in hot so relax for
my baby Korres a wink to the camera
fogged up so fast walking in here you
Reagan Hotel hi mommy
oh maybe warm up a little bit yes hi
Phoebe girl what's up you just living it
up in baby land that's better see them
Bob look at you pillow queen really you
got it girl yeah next week she won't
need pillows first baby bumpers well
Missy blushes taken to the no carpet
rule he's like I'm still off the carpet
it's fine when the ground is frozen and
he's he's clean but as soon as the
ground out he gets so money you could
only keep him so clean this brand-new
carpets we try to we try our best I'm
too much spoiled Cora I'm proud of you
baby good job
what is this dang okay so for Christmas
I got the kids some freeze-dried like
snacks basically this is an Ice Cream
Sandwich looks good you almost done with
your PB&J yeah it's even wrapped like
one dry yeah I mean this is great it's
just like dust huh whoa it feels like
nothing like it weighs nothing
yeah gonna take the whole thing it's two
pieces it's two pieces there's open up
I'm gonna open up you're dropping all
your crumb BOTS in the sandwich it's a
good way I
really good once you get the mouth
moisture does it come alive I'm a very
good try I'm gonna try your drool
sandwich here ice cream drool sandwich
oh yeah oh yeah piece of truck but it
gets good
Wow that's nutrition right there so guys
I really can't lie it's pretty laid back
day here at the atwood house we are
recovering from christmas kids are
playing with new toys hanging out having
fun brittany and cora catching up on
some much-needed sleep i'm coming out
here to get Empire food which we give
them like 1 or 2 of these stacks right
here he loves this stuff right I'll see
him though like anywhere I don't know
where he is see you are dude come on
come on I got the good good good stuff I
feel like she said give you one but I'm
hooking you up with two today here you
go oh yeah so we really got to get a
heated bucket because his water freezes
and he has nothing to drink so I might
have been a heated bucket I think
anywhere with this ladies backwards
Diddy's haybales look at this data and
unlike ease
Wow
haha dude it is limitless what I want my
behavior under me see what you think
dude you want to hop in the tank huh
come on flash come on come on let's go
come on come on let's take a ride
come on come on buddy come on yeah he's
ready
you wanna take a little ride sit up sit
down you gotta sit you got
what's up flash go ahead before long
I'll be riding with us
that was fun now we gotta get Empire in
there everyone take a ride Oh guys I
cannot wait to show you all the stuff we
have planned for this thing it is first
of all our wrap should be completely
done this week the swab or x3 is almost
done like it's going to be completely
wrapped and beautiful and I just can't
wait to show you I wasn't gonna reveal
any of this until it's done but it was
taking too long I was like I want to
play on this thing now so this is how
she looks now I know it's also told you
guys I got the winch installed right
here boom thing's sweet it's not gonna
have a plow on it I mean we could put a
plow on it but we have a plow on the
quad this thing would be the plow
machine what I really really want to do
it and we're considering this it's just
packing it in a trailer and headed north
like three four hours there's so much
snow just so close to us but we don't
have it I don't I'm gonna get in that
snow we're about to make a ramp here
boys this is how you do it water you're
gonna open it and just kind of pour it
down a little hole freeze like ice hold
it okay you go yes dude that's gonna be
so slick like shoot straight down wait
look I think it might have been already
there it is already ice that's crazy
it's ice dude
it froze instantly it's a little wet
okay so it took less than just a couple
minutes to completely freeze I'm gonna
go and test this out for my boys I still
always the bottom still wet I'm gonna
get soaked the bottom still wet oh I'll
just go get ready oh it's so slick yeah
here we go
Kien that's amazing do go for the top
it's so fun gain going for distance this
time you reto you're gonna push me here
we go okay come on where are you no you
won't I'm ready it's so pretty out right
now it's like amazing go ahead okay I'm
going for the far jump you got a film
down here you gotta go under my legs
it's a stunt it's a stunt jump Ready Set
keep your arms together guys Noah let's
see it dude
I hope he's getting pushed hmm go ahead
gainers lay on your poop we got that
stopper it works so good I bet if I tied
that down if I just tied it to this pole
I just tied it at this point wouldn't
move and then you have a stopper keep
you from the water lay on your back you
really get moving
well this is our day right here playing
outside hanging out with the kids happy
faces me and my boys math so been such a
great outdoor day man been inside a
bunch - not really feeling the whole
bunch in there what Brittany Acorah have
a fun watching movies and just hanging
out that's what they want to do they
want to rest the kids want a place I'm
one of them
now here I love playing I wish we had
more snow but we're making the absolute
bat out of what we have hmm
you froze out my man come on let's go
everybody but the end I love pilot watch
my camera watch my camera it's gonna
slowly fog up here it comes
look at the light oh wow snowman in
house my ladies
there's my smiley girl oh my gosh this
boy's been going crazy out there today
having so much fun if she was asleep I
was gonna bring the monitor I'm good ah
that's okay
yeah okay
what you doing yeah she's to sleep he's
like what you trying to do what is she
doing to you what we doing I go to sleep
so guys uh what a great honestly what a
great day I got so much fun with the
boys and I hope that you guys got some
rest
I don't know right
little bit anyways giving you sympathy
laughs that's what those are huh
so that'll be it said that all being
said we we're gonna call it a day we're
just gonna call it a night Cain and the
kids are taking showers and baths and I
think that's gonna be our day we're
gonna just have for the rest of the
night maybe a little off-camera time I
don't know we love you guys so much
thanks for being a part of our day
thanks for sporting the Christmas vlog
that's always a blog that you guys seem
to love and but obviously it's amazing
for us to have that memory like I can't
imagine being to watch myself as a kid
during Christmas be so cool I have very
many Christmas videos well we saw your
first birthday yesterday yesterday's
vlog had Britney's first birthday like
clips in it that was cool I don't have
that at all so anyway I got I gotta quit
rambling we love you guys hope you had a
wonderful Christmas again and thanks for
being here with us we'll see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful one of a kind
you
