what a mess what a mess what's up guys
spent half the morning just on this
right here it doesn't look like much but
the pinball machine broke this rubber
band right here broke this is the old
one just finished putting the brand new
one in we had to remove a bunch of stuff
news oh I just dropped this um yeah hey
guys welcome to the house we got mama
Britt cane Duck pinball toilet we should
just lose ya know
Zeus Todd and I finally fixed the
machine this morning this rubber band
broke in this back corner and we dug in
there and got it good job dude you're
the one that broke it you don't know
that the market are three things to be
grateful for board and we got them all
on here Brit technology soap you're
thankful for soap yeah I need to go
shower grateful and sunshine because I'm
here in Ohio we appreciate things like
sunshine
Todd pinball balls and Dorothy got it
somebody put pinball online I did not
put that everything I live it's great
every day I live is great that that's
pretty amazing that's something to
grateful for that life are you guys come
in okay cool
bill just said lights are on in the
building this is the first time we've
had electric so let's go see it only we
would be this excited I'm gonna tell him
I'm really disappointed where's Brittany
oh man we got light guys Oh like it you
like it oh I like it I don't think this
stuff he never these are really cool so
these are all LED it's like a bikini I
don't know how to explain it it's not
like a normal light little kitchens
coming along offices are coming along
what you think one more wait is the last
week yeah
Thursday I might just move in here
permanently like the house and all its
really nice we could have two separate
houses yeah I'm just gonna film on a
pinball machine in junk food
oh you can wake up wake up it's time to
go stairs I think you just like down
here I think you don't wake up and come
down here anyways one more week while we
can we move into the new building there
will be so much better
alright guys so today is a massive
excuse we know that the smile more store
ate up almost all of our day and is now
currently nighttime things that we just
have to do as a business owners and as a
family and god help me I don't want to
be the only one oh sorry
hello be sorry not anyway no we're not
in it just want to come on and apologize
for we skipped a lot of today for the
smile more stuff so we're gonna pick it
up right did I see Noah are you playing
hi your seat I think I know where he is
yes you look like he was some wet I
didn't see you when you stood up my face
was genuinely like oh hey guys I got
another game to play perfect mixture of
business and families come here you
gotta really pack it in there boy we're
gonna wrestle yeah big wrestler pretty
sure this shirts gonna fit me after
we're done it's mr. rad
oh there's too many of them
there's too many oh that's it guys man
Naomi oh you got that big old belly
pulley whoo laughing that belly boy
let's go cool down yeah you dude oh
that's better
almost springtime see all the stars
super nice out quiet
I will show you energy even 10% more no
all right what am I now 10 um my battery
my you know when that red light comes on
on your iPod and you freak out
yeah that's where I'm at right now all
right yes sir today Britney had a pretty
rough day now I don't I don't mean rough
like it was it was difficult for her but
she just worked her butt off like I know
she be all she wants to do is relax and
rest so I'm gonna surprise her with a
little half-destroyed Barroso cream cane
these are the kind of things that we
just deal with daily this chair is here
because Caine plays on his iPad while he
poops so we're gonna get some candles
this is how to make your girl happy
every girl like bubbles I think I
actually don't know that hot pretty dark
result come on what the heck are you
doing what are you doing can you just
say I'm hashtag short-girl problem
you're cutting your pants or are they
are they meant to do that
you got your toe off that's what it
looks like you're about to go you're
done my toes all the way up here oh my
gosh okay what you do you think don't
come in the bathroom I'm such a ladies
man
okay for some reason we have no bubbles
in this house so this this is like she
how much you put in
oh yeah oh my god whoa oh that's nice
that's nice all right Little Miss thing
you mean Han why fine I mean what why
are you always scared come here I made
you something oh you made me something
in the bathroom yes a tizzy pop no
complain and just go scared come on I
have tortured me so many guys a lie
don't tell them that oh it's a boba
you're shirking no charge no sorry is
this for you you get it there's no fish
or something shut up there's nothing in
there it's not right listen to her I
can't I can't even do nice things
anymore listen you do you think turn off
the lights
relax that's it and there's more come on
my brain yes you know there you go we
have created so much paranoia in this
house like everything is a prairie you
just can't do anything nice for somebody
now it's like something's gonna happen
now so wine God why is it all foggy it's
like smoky her little turtle topper
I'm not a poor line like I always seem
like tip the glass and port I don't I
have no idea how to pour one that is an
honest truth you just dump it in I'm
such a nerd when it comes to cool stuff
like being that like James Bond type I'm
such a dork I won't even out-of-hand
this here I got this are you in I wanted
to be serious like a dead fish like this
madam your wine is vety high means
you're worn out there's not X laps in
there I would not are you serious what
there's not enjoy your back come on Jose
that right there is exactly how to make
a girl happy that's it I see it Zeus as
for me guys I'm gonna edit uh Britney
actually needs to relax she needs some
alone time just to to reset she has been
crushing it like when I say like she
worked hard today it's like I wish I
could really show you guys the amount of
effort she puts into her day in the
smile more store and so yeah she
deserves a nice bubble bath glass of
wine some alone time and Zeus can hang
out huh
anyways we are wrapping up a lot of
things that we do off camera around this
house
so the vlog should get longer and more
raw which is what I like that's that is
actually my favorite type of vlog
because when i rewatch them I feel like
I'm getting to rewatch some of my life
when they're 10 minutes or so I don't
feel like it's anything I feel like it's
like a highlight reel basically but
we'll take what we get and we won't
throw a fit
that's what my kid says that's what no
always love you guys you were freaking
awesome
you are beautiful you're a one-of-a-kind
thanks for sticking around to the weird
vlogs thanks for being here thanks for
sharing thanks for being you
you are awesome I love you you're one of
a kind smile more
really
is terrible I like purple turtles
awesome haha it doesn't make you I had
it okay ask me a question
hang on I really feel like that's felt
