hey guys welcome to the vlog what is up
so baby getting ready in case you missed
yesterday's vlog Brittany and I are in
st. Louis Missouri right now we're
getting ready ahead to uh well let me
take a second to show you how beautiful
st. Louis is this is gorgeous look at
this place so your outfit Wow
like a chicken with our heads cut off
we're trying to figure out how to get
out of here we don't know where to eat
because we've never been to the city
check this out
their pools are super heated man I wish
I'd have known that that looks good what
are we gonna eat huh huh I feel like
we're in st. Louis you have to get
barbecue like we have to find barbecue
barbecue can be risky too man it tears
my stomach up sometimes depending on
what's in it I know how long you got
should I wear white just t-shirt no gosh
no not way no you're hopeful black with
leather and now mmm
time to get the sloosh a smooch on shoe
slash boots on you ready
zan girl you look like overdid it a
little I mean we only travel to go see a
concert once in her life this will be
the first time we just flown to a city
to watch a concert so it's appropriate
you look you look stunning alright so
we've been told by locals lots of locals
that pappis is the place to go for
barbecue is that true man that's the
spot we're gonna get red are you hunger
you wanna join us about I'll buy you
some barbecue just get out you know I'm
saying
this is the place huh thank you so much
wow it smells good okay with me this is
the place to eat huh sir
Pappy's back you better be hungry today
yeah you always beautiful out right now
it's not even that cold bad let me get
that door for you baby hey welcome to
Patty's come on in there's a line
so we just got our food at Pappy it's a
pretty decent line but apparently
earlier with all the way outside so we
got lucky
we met some new friends from Illinois
and tell him what you told me Cameron
well basically he asked his mom he found
out we were in st. Louis and he just
said hey do you think he'll be happy and
now we're sitting together side-by-side
Justin Bieber he goes I don't know just
do you think they'll be as happy I don't
know and they're behind us like well now
we're enjoying dinner together and small
world right haha alright
Pappy's treated us right a place was
killer so good she's still digging it
out of her keep this saucer yeah yeah
hey how are you ready to rock and roll
yes so the entire reason we came to st.
Louis this weekend was to see one of my
favorite bands of all time story of the
year you may have heard of them maybe
you haven't I used to listen to these
guys back in my factory days like they
have I listened to them for so long and
I always want to seem in their hometown
of st. Louis but they came out so
they're doing a show in st. Louis of
Britain I was like let's go they just
worked out like we had the weekend open
we were able to do it so here we are
we're headed there now we're like two
hours early so we're just gonna hang out
I guess
you said I sound like a radio DJ hell
are you man you here we are in st. Louis
yeah Saturday night 6:00 p.m. and we're
ready to go very very patient you gonna
down
and you know the first ice cream cone
was invented in st. Louis oh yeah
that's what I heard that's the that's
the rumor st. Louis hey man thank you
for your smiles tonight we show you off
fun man thank you all right we're a
little early you what it what a nice
welcome the city is awesome hey how are
you how are you this is such a cool part
of town look at this ice put your face
in it wait am I on the backside what
whoa
the loop Oh put your face in it
me so cold so here's the pageant this is
where the concerts at and the line was
all the way out but we just bought some
time so we got good early look at this
one it's amazing I wouldn't even know
where to begin
nice so this might not be too exciting
for you guys but for me to see one of my
favorite bands ever in their hometown is
really exciting and I asked you guys to
tweet out get a hold of the van see if
they get us in the vlogs or get them in
the vlogs and I just got oh my god
what's up what's up guys how are you are
you good
oh dude so good to see you oh yeah oh
yeah yeah I can't bleep ha ha ha what's
up guys aren't ya can you say re-run
winning idea all right these guys said
they had to say something a blog let me
hear it
what's up soldiers everyone go to the
website and demand for st. Louis and
Roman enthuse uh I'll be surprised if
we're not here here we are we finally
got into places jam and
ah this is awesome I'm so excited
they're gonna blog you why you bought me
assure weights not a lot of pictures
tonight at the show
nobody's ever bought me a shirt thanks
brother I'll get up I'll get up hey guys
we uh we just went backstage thanks you
guys for showing all these tweets
hooking us up with Dan the lead singer
of story of the year night Josh most
active Phil is the only one that you
guys got to get right out I mean I can
be number one I got you a pretty quick
yeah I only took one all right you guys
got a slight man I'm so excited to be
here it's an honor and I've always
wanted to see you in st. Louis so here
we are if anybody wants to know what
backstage is like this is pretty much it
what it's like behind the stage all
right so we're going to go watch from
the crowd I know backstage is good but
it's not as good if you've ever watched
behind the stage it's not
so we're gonna go hit the crowd where do
we go no this is not a mob wait
you
the
Wow yeah
hi guys Brittany has never shot guns
beer before I mean ready
no gonna do it with damn great freaking
show by the way thank you it's the only
thing to do after shows I'm gonna show
her I'm gonna cut this one for oh yeah
no one okay watch out this dangerous
watch out oh I love it
okay so you cut your touchpad watch out
you might get squirted with bottle oh no
we're good guys that's going on that's
good cut the hole and then leave it like
that but we gotta knock the top sorry
I'm way home here we go here we go and
then you just slam the whole thing
through that there we hit all we got a
full shotgun oh you're ready come on
Brit still gonna Knight me homework what
just tips it back are you gonna do it
it's just popping in it hey if we can't
back out any one two three go Oh
you do it on this side yeah hahaha you
guys slayed it tonight
absolutely slayed it hey thanks for
having us maybe it's an honor that's
gonna warm it together it no let's move
in I'm sorry I hate to say it but I'm
out this is what the place looks like on
stage with nobody here boom
this is what it would look like if I did
my own show right here
the only way I can explain tonight is
like as a blogger and a creator I try to
bring you guys on an adventure on a
journey with us but tonight was like
just about our experience like I didn't
really get to vlog the show it's too
loud it's too crazy um did you have fun
I had so much I can't believe somebody
pushed over this ice sculpture sad we're
not hanging out with the guys from the
van we are look at this one yeah no
there's this ice sculpture day let me
push that one over this will be the
first time I've ever been picked up in a
Hummer h3 okay hello how are you doing
guys we're officially warping into the
ending of this vlog um thank you for
coming along with us I want to apologize
for not be able to give you the full
experience but it's a concert the mic
sucks it just blows out the band makes
them sound bad which is not what I
wanted - did you have a good time we are
look we got friggin chicken fingers I'm
editing huge huge thank you to you guys
for tweeting out the band and just
letting them know we're here thank you -
story of the year for allowing us to
hang out with you that was an absolute
honor and honestly I don't know this
band has got me through some of my
roughest points I know it sounds stupid
but back when I worked in the factory
through I think a lot of people can
relate to bands getting them through a
lot yeah I know but like they really
have like they they've been with me
through this entire journey and even way
before that so if you guys are into just
good frickin rock and roll music check
them out through the year um
they rock we love you guys we are on a
plane tomorrow back to Ohio we have some
super cool stuff arriving on Monday
which I'm so excited well yeah I'm so
excited about it so uh that's it we will
see you tomorrow tell me today if you've
heard a story of the year or what is
your favorite band leave it in the
comments I love you guys thanks for
everything smile more you're one of a
kind
a pretzels were good
