I love you buddy okay my best buddy
enjoy your popsicle I'll be back soon
okay
No hey hey get no ridiculously play
starts in today's vlog we are going on a
little adventure hope you guys are ready
you come with us I know no not even at
like 6 o'clock well I know it's late for
the vlog PR leaving Columbus right now
it looks like they have a couple lights
going now so what are we doing where are
we going you got everything 100% we're
forgetting something
what are we forgetting I guarantee it
okay
we need all this oh we're not forgetting
nothing never what you put in here so of
course we have not eaten today we are
stopping for quick food quick Airport
and food and thank God we weren't in a
hurry today they like confiscated my
stupid laptop like rubbing all this
stuff Oliver I wonder if it's because
all these fireworks and stuff I launched
and then like or is it like a random
screaming everything always falls into
like the random screaming but I had to
like throw up a flag somewhere but it's
a laptop I don't I don't know why
well like I do a lot of weird freaking
stuff don't like shooting fireworks all
that stuff might be like online I don't
I don't know we're eating real quick
about the board are playing and this is
probably once-in-a-lifetime then we're
not running to our plane we're actually
chill nice 15 minutes here we go here we
go baby did it Dan
scheduled 8:15
let's make it around eight here we go
this is great
hi buddy what's up buddy
yeah you want to see
the greatest thing ever traveling is
Cain knows how FaceTime us we get to
talk to him although ha
you
a pretzel worked good well we made it
very quick flight is actually colder
here than it is at home about 10 degrees
not too bad that's your bad well where
are we list you guys may be flying in
some of you guys that are from here like
I know exactly where they're at
lose the boo we just walked right past
that airplane
he didn't go by Dennie I'm talking about
you crazy we uh we just kind of worked
past the travel part of this while we
are here we are at our destination but I
don't know where here is where is this
I've probably seen it like in the
background which by signs
welcome to he couldn't he couldn't he
wouldn't do that we're trying to find
our uber but he passed us they never
passed you that usually just like wait
close to you are you sure why would he
go into a parking garage oh you were
right you were right II fastest how you
doing sir you like moving cones and huh
she's right thank you awesome let's do
it
he's moving more cones he's gonna block
traffic so he can get out I'm so
confused right now
I love trap that's why I love traveling
you just it's always like mystery
alright we got this we got this wait I'm
just she's got to hold your horn down
are you I'm gonna go up can I go
what's going on yeah I don't sir yeah I
can go you're me I'm gonna do
Oh downtown where are you just like your
limo yeah and you're going downtown yeah
thank you
house nice all right we made it to our
room this is nice Oh so have we got
around bedroom
wait the heck's going on this is like a
this is bigger than our house let me see
this where's that love you have your
office here Oh
editing suite was the lights oh wow
that's like a six foot a six foot deep
oh my gosh this is really nice that's
nice
Wow this is bigger than people living in
here all right guys before I tell you
where we are I'm gonna give you some fun
facts about the city and maybe you can
figure it out before I tell you here we
go this city is where the first ice
cream cone was invented that's crazy
more like sorry the first ice cream cone
the first American city to host the
Olympics so we are in America oh yeah
this is where the very first
kindergarten was founded I did not know
that actually I didn't know any of these
facts so so far if you've gotten any
Brit you might just want to leave the
lights alone okay this city was where
the very first interstate highway was
built home of the largest beer producing
plant in the nation anheuser-busch oh
that's probably gonna give it up to a
Latin they eat more barbecue sauce per
capita than anybody else and here is
your biggest hint of all if you haven't
got it yet right here yeah all right
there look there's your biggest minute
holy moley
now here's the weird part Brittany and I
booked this ourselves we didn't come
here for a company or an event we came
here for us that's it that's what this
is all about tell you why we came here
tomorrow but for today we just came here
the weird thing is there's a sweet plate
of chocolates
on the table with our smile more logo on
it you can eat this you know that is so
awesome so normally when you would go in
you a company would fly you out do stuff
they would do things like this but we
just we did this ourselves and we didn't
even use our names on the hotel so
whoever set this up thank you guys what
it's so cool man like what has happened
to my life anyways we're just settling
into our room and we got to find some
food I know it seems like we just ate
but in the vlog there's actually a lot
of time that passed where are we this
looks like a pretty good time yeah what
do you wanna do
hello honey there's a phone in my
bathroom in the bathroom okay since it's
late this was the only place open little
bar here we got some wings hamburgers
just some quick fill up food I'm a
weight fanatic I couldn't even look she
sawed in half so it would look like she
ate all of her very high oh my French I
yeah that's fine short sticks 4 bytes
and then in two hours Sir Hugh and you
blog I hate it here's the trick if
you're a vlogger
here is the trick here's the mindset it
was very difficult for me to learn this
when you pull up the camera you hit
record forget that there's anybody
around you and you just do your thing
see right now people are staring at me
like what
I know like when I did it the gym the
other day I'm like walking and talking
to guys there's this girl just like
death staring Munich is where we live in
Ohio it doesn't make sense
just stare into a camera and talk when
I'm out in my way everyone's like all
there's a vlogger just depends on where
you live you have to remember like
you've been doing it for a while yeah
I'm a little more numb but even still I
get awkward sometimes right now I'm
gonna waste and you're by yourself yeah
all right guys we're literally warping
back to our room it's me it's one of
them travel vlogs you want me to spend
you yeah
I'll try I don't I mean so we got here
not too much like that yeah can I spin
Unix
no I haven't done guys it's just one of
the weird travel vlogs where it's like
we're on an airplane were in an airport
it's just it's not much to show we got a
beautiful room some time together which
is I mean honestly for our young
audience you you just won't get it you
don't understand what it's like to wake
up in the morning not have kids pulling
on your arm for my parents that are
watching you can imagine how wonderful
this is a favorite thing in the whole
world is my kids but there is a time
where mom and dad get some time 11:00 we
wake up by ourselves whenever we want
it's pretty nice alright so you guys
know that we've been in a little bit of
a how do I say this so it's not so
shocking um we're not like not trying to
have a baby
nah no idea joy enjoy your night hi guys
Warfield we're doing a lot of working
today warping right past our Instagram
photo check it out on my Instagram and
Britt you ready to go to bed you guys we
love you so much thank you for our like
true support not just for watching the
videos like if you just watch these
videos that's one thing but to actually
support our family and to help build our
family thank you guys so much we will
see you tomorrow we will announce what
we're actually doing in st. Louis we
love you guys
thanks again
I'm just repeating myself we will see
them all I got a half oh cool
where's your multi ball did I miss it oh
just went down
