so welcome back guys and thank you so
much for the little break that you gave
us it was so needed we have so much fun
it was so much more than just us being
together without a camera it was a reset
it was like I'm a mind reset I'm back
I'm here for good I'm ready to restart
and start fresh here at our little house
here in Ohio let's start off with things
that have changed since we last vlog
ball okay that's one thing show them
show them we had a blowout one of our
rubber bands blew out in the pinball
machine my dad did write their parts
come tomorrow so she's gonna be running
soon it's back here see one of our
rubber bands blew out it's not something
that you have to see a couple new corals
in the fish tank one here big elegans
coral down there in that hole this guy's
new but I don't remember the name of it
a couple new baby clams although I think
these were in the tank last time we've
logged since we got him I said anything
else change and no it was like snow
that's right more snow not much
our building is so close to being
finished look at it it looks like our
house let's go see mommy come on take me
lead me so Jane I need to come to Kane
Kane the whole point was me coming with
you yeah
and Cain got more ornery while we got oh
you're gonna let me oh it's lunch break
that's perfect who's ready for the new
building
uh Tata want lunch break Britney has
been living in the smile more store with
all the girls yet or is it what you
think tell I haven't showered for like
three days three days two and a half
speaking of hair I got to go right now
and get this fix if you guys missed the
last vlog of the tour fousey cut my hair
onstage from the back his back is really
important you see that the thick patches
um yeah you do oh right here anywhere my
hair is trash so I'm not to go get that
fixed up you wanna go get your hair cut
with me oh let me just cut in there last
night it looks like a little marine boy
I'll be right back
I love you Wow sorry I know manly that
man of you did you this building blows
my mind maybe one day maybe one day I'll
be building something like that
no idea what for I have nothing you
gotta start somewhere
wow guys it feels so good to be back you
have no idea I know I may have felt like
I was letting a lot of you guys down I
know you expect I get it I know you
expect a daily vlog every day I really
understand it I see the dislikes and I
get it
trust me but there comes a time where
I've been gone and I come home and I see
my kids and I can tell that I need to
zone out with my boys for a little bit
so as much as if you may have hated it a
couple days few days it put us in such a
better mental state we are ready to come
back so strong something I have to do as
a father as a family man guys don't
forget my family is everything
everything I do is for two reason no one
came I guess I should throw in Brittany
in there and all of my fate I do
everything for my family so it's a you
guys you guys get it
yo yo what's up dude I got some like
really bad news oh my no I I just got a
call from the management there's no way
I can do the tour the world tour manager
from Mills and collective why they just
said it's going to interfere with the
movie stuff that I have to be on I guess
after the three-week tour they just said
it's going to inter interfere like we
have to either bump it way back to next
year or I can't do it who said that
laughs my my suits that they were ready
to announce the date yeah so when are we
gonna announce them no they were ready
too all I have to do is confirm the list
that they gave me and they've already
announced right away so they never said
anything without being well I just got
off the phone with them they said
there's no way it's gonna happen
mic mic yeah
I'm gonna come see a everything Colossus
to the village he did now
which would you be mad if I couldn't do
it yeah you'd be upset I'm just messing
with you to wake you up you know you
know why what you know why I woke you up
like this because I'm getting ready to
walk in my barber right now and get my
hair fix that you cut No oh my god kid
not cut he claimed good oh he promised
me it would be good dude is smoking some
crack that's how you have it guys this
is a touch edit mascara John's gonna fix
it up right and what can you do can you
save me um try gonna funny the other
guys make it looking in Tracy's people
make it look on Tracy's down there on
the end something just like his I don't
fix it the bald guy yeah all right I
don't see what you can do man I'm gonna
pray all right man so we're coming to
Columbus for the tour we need to plan
some revenge we're thinking a little
waxing of an eyebrows oh and we hold him
down as you hit him on there you have no
idea this guy loves eyebrows
he loves his life I mean like he would
kill me oh we will actually record he
has him but that wax dummy boy all right
man I think you fixed it
I couldn't got any worse all right
pretty interesting text from Brittany
just now uh ugh grandma hit Brittany's
car and broke mirrors on both cars so
I'm guessing she backed and clipped both
the mirrors awesome grandma good job
mama Brit Brittany's one of the girls
that works at the smart store so dang
anyways headed home we have an
appointment downtown that Britney and I
have to go to I don't know if we're
gonna make it though I'm super late
today
you know what Brittany and I did during
time off three days we watched three
movies like that is so hard for us to do
is to watch a movie together we watched
three movies is awesome another sounds
so dumb but it was really nice guys
that's not so bad a little duct tape
will fix that hey what's up oh he's
gonna eat me hey yeah hey Wow nice
greeting hey hey what's up guys
nice drivin mom all I told you not to
drift around that corner
you can't drift oh good night Oh what
happened down through there and it just
trying to get that girl's mirror and my
mirror I'm super late for a phone call
that's beyond a phone call right now
when it rains it pours that's that's
what you're getting at this is the other
part of my life sitting on phone calls
for hours with the release of my movie
coming out there's so many phone calls
and things that I literally sit on the
phone so I have a really important call
I have to take right now I forgot about
it yeah no I get it
huh
so in the vlogger world phone calls can
be your enemy because you can't vlog
you're stuck on there's nothing you can
do
I hate phone cause she knows even she
calls me oh my god why all right I got a
cup I'm telling I'm not a phone call guy
anyways when we first started dating you
would spend hours cuz I was excited you
know like that rich excitement like I'd
I just dug myself a hole sure did should
we open it this is something pretty cool
maybe I actually don't know if it's
gonna be blown up a lot of you guys been
waiting on this for a long time so let's
see these are samples yeah here's the
first one that's pretty no actually are
they all the same girl same Oh cuz some
sometimes as black okay this is why
these hats are so unique because no two
patterns is the same so every single hat
is different right mesh um well I think
he's just showing us what the logo would
look like which is really awesome hey
there boy
you won't go hon the whole challenge on
these hats has been our logo we have a
we have a lengthy logo it's not like a
vertical logo fits better square logo
but ours is long so nobody's been able
to actually print the smile more logo
the way we want it so this hat is not
necessarily that we're selling but it's
showing us the size of the logo can fit
on the Hat
so I guess the real question is what do
you guys think obviously the hats can
change the bills can be flat these can
be solid they can be button in the back
that can not be and we can have a
variety that but the actual logo itself
feels right anyways because of that
phone call with Lionsgate I missed my
meeting downtown Columbus that Britney
and I had to go to so we canceled that
so it looks like for home Britney just
threw some meat on how to plug a meet
that one burger another phone call sorry
guys
okay all right two phone calls down I
think we're good for the night and our
plans have totally changed looks like
we're playing some play-doh ha we clean
the stand-up menu it's play-doh perfect
Britney made some tacos look at this
bowl oh man so we can eat and figure out
what they were doing tonight it's kind
of just I turned into a hey I'm not
perfect you guys know last week the week
before I was on tour and a lot of you
guys brought me things on tour that I
couldn't bring back because we were on a
bus we were on a plane I just couldn't
travel with it so it's all been shipped
to me today or at least three boxes of
it was shipped today so I'm gonna bring
it in and let the kids rip it open and
see what's in there do you want to do it
yeah do you want to do it push it in
there this is uh oh I hope it's not full
lamps okay so I don't know if Moore's
coming or not but this is the stuff that
you guys brought me while I was on tour
like gifts on tour so crazy that you
guys brought me stuff so this is this is
it you want to open it what is this
obviously somebody brought that from
Seattle let's to Seattle Seahawks what
you got oh you open the swedish fish did
you huh who wants to bet there's
something here for Zeus huh this is
juice what is it how'd you know you want
to open up for him oh look what was
right beside it
zigzoo airlock he knows multi-ball
goes for the farthest one yeah
he's so happy he's so happy do you guys
brought just about everything for us
like this a small more marshmallow gun
check that out open that up if it it's
mine straight from Portland we got
clothes from all the states we visited
there's more sprinkles whoa what is this
the planet mean look at all these
sprinkles
oh there eat sir that's coming up easter
is coming up what is this pint o ice
pineapple yeah you guys know we collect
magnets put different elements in the
game of Minecraft that's hilarious
no no should we know
hey cane we got some peanuts for you do
some open them yeah nope now you
remember what it does keep a fish whoa
you caught on very quickly Kayne last
ones we're gonna scout twist on look at
this dog knows there's more stuff in
there for him he knows so I think it's
safe to say you guys are beyond generous
oh this was just stuff and there is more
oh there's another box right there oh my
gosh
Bardock yes that's really cool that is
cool oh my god somebody get you that
yeah oh so pretty and for each of my
little boys I think it's safe to say
we'll be going through this for a little
while there's a bunch of letters yes hey
are you doing do we have the best
viewers in the whole world or what Wow
Kane kind of a thing okay is that a pet
rock I'm actually really surprised you
guys didn't get me any sprinkles that
I've already had I know what's up but
I'll point you back here it's a little
low it's scary my us Hulk mom Hulk Hogan
hook momen you got this
you take you smuggling silly string boy
you smuggling slush I'll go down I want
to tell you guys when the Dudesons came
I slept with silly string I stole this
just in case
oh my god it was Zeus tan who's this my
hands are needlessly Iris's over for
watch out buddy
cuz he's gonna come right at me ready oh
my gosh I'm so nervous
four balls multi ball
oh that's not bad I was like six hundred
revolutions
hi honey go ahead and sort this out you
know what goes where I'll be in the
bathtub
oh my has your take down like now I'm
gonna go take a bubble butt oh that's so
weird
literally you said it when it was for
one no we're not watching you come or -
what's your separate people get her off
me pure legs hello they're asking if
they want some candy
it's the best candy you guys want candy
it's the best everybody put your camera
faces on everybody smile
about the film so everyone has to be
happy don't you everybody everybody come
on you have to be the outward stay no no
he's not recording with the face
hey guys what's up everybody say hello
to my beautiful family
my family is psycho if you do that in a
car with your family it just goes from
this little crumb to a really dynamic
really cool salad or never yeah oh it
sounded cool it's really cool in a car
yeah bud
who does this to now you have to chew it
no just putting it in your mouth chew it
up all right three two one
to take the bride out robbers no I know
eat it all
oh you held it together for a long time
the bad well the girls build Legos I got
something for the kids come on come on
everybody follow me you may or may not
have ever seen me do this it's a lot of
fun in case you're new to the channel
this is our ball pit room it gets her
out of attention don't be so modest I
know you want to get in there I do want
to get in all right let me show you what
I'm gonna do ha ha ha
Oh
go do one hand this shoveling baby fine
stuff
there you go that's it he's gone
oh no we're taking it down a notch on
tour somebody sent me or gave me on tour
this this 3d puzzle that me and my dad
and brother just built of the Golden
Gate Bridge but it looks different than
when I seen it so we're gonna try to
show you guys actually what you're going
to get rich looks like that's that's why
la that no no no the Mamas they come no
you can't see that tops unless you fly
up to a place where we really give it a
little bit there for a second
check out the Golden Gate Bridge look
this is where I was standing right here
it was like I should actually come with
the model magnet cotton balls that is
more realistic these came in the models
you just didn't open up back when that
fog rolls in it rolls in the bridge has
been taken over by Star Wars and zombies
hold on
Superman's coming and Superman's here
hey the aliens are in the way how
terrible this is my bridge now where's
the Joker when you need him I don't know
is that you farting over here oh all
right everybody's packing enough were
working into the night families leaving
Oh goodbye I must have missed something
yeah I don't know what room I was
bringing over guess what oh it's bedtime
it's bit that bad bedtime too late we've
lost them we lost my mom but you go out
on a date night yep we'll be back
tomorrow so good love you all right
that's totally bedtime there we go
hello yes there's no uh you ready for
bed yeah yeah that looks so funny your
head just appears out of nowhere oh this
is where all my silly string went I
don't trust you to sleep great buddy I
love you you're the best oh well well
what do we have here he's asleep
let me see guys thank you so much for
joining my little Atwood family today we
had a good time hanging out together
this is really weird I haven't been on
this thing for me Oh forever
thank you guys so much for hanging out
with us today it feels so good to be
back
vlogging is just getting started I'm not
stopping baby I hope that you're not one
of them guys it's like man I can't wait
till Roman stops vlogging because if you
are I've got bad news for you we love
you guys so much thanks again for
sticking around and for all the love the
likes everything that you guys do for us
is unbelievable and I'm not sure how
I'll ever repay you but I will say this
you are awesome you're one of a kind
don't let nobody tell you you can't do
something that you want to do is I'm
telling you right now you can you are
incredibly powerful you are incredibly
special people love you people want to
be you your greatest enemy is you you're
the only one stopping you from doing
what you want to do so no excuses let's
get up let's do it I love you guys
thanks again I'm back I'm here to stay
I love you beautiful smile more
what the bathroom had like a hand wave
and the toilet seat rotates yeah you see
novice I connected here coming out to
see you uh
