hey guys welcome to our vlog Channel we
are it's water only I'm on a strict diet
meeting up wait a minute after I eat
this I'm on a strict diet I'm gonna eat
good guys getting a rough start to
today's vlog we're pulling over eating
real quick and then we're taking my
little man to get his haircut he wants
he's been telling us all week he wants
lightning bolts right lightning bolts in
a mohawk how's that water okay
I told Cain that if he got lightning
bolts on the side of his head I'd get
like a bolts do you want me to do you
want to match that would be so cute hey
no you do need a haircut hey guys we
actually love our son I don't know
what's going on here feels good out here
Kane are you ready to do this we're
gonna do it man lightning bolt buddies
all right so we're gonna go see John
he's the one that does all my hair smile
more he's done the lizard he's the
perfect guy for this Wow all right big
boy and little girl you ready to do this
and you want to go first and then I'll
get whatever you get all right let's do
it
what's up John what's going on here I'll
give you candy before daddy gives me
yeah are you want lightning bolts in the
side like he didn't the hair on top of
Daddy's that's awesome good it's like I
yeah awesome
peace all week all week he was like I
want lightning bolt lightning bolt
lightning rule so here he is that's what
he's committed and I told him I'll get
whatever get he got it daddy's gonna get
lightning bolt - all right you know what
I'll make its official it's beneficial
Kane you look cooler than daddy always
I know you were trying to do I know he's
so good and calm boy I think it skipped
the generation know when he gets home
and he's gonna terrorize but for you
he's being very are you getting like are
you gonna get lightning bolts oh sure
boom
hold still get a lightning bolt in it so
happy oh dude it's awesome King yeah
let's put one on the other side yeah
both sides you ready to hold your hips
to that's the super drawer dude ah come
you never show me this when I'm in here
you're gonna be good I would come more
you gonna be good alright let me see let
me see what I got myself into
that's what daddy's gotta get I'll do it
just for you man he's like I got a
sucker's with it
I'm an remember he got a lightning bolt
lightning you excited my King bolts this
is how everyone will know we're on the
same team boy hey can you see them they
look good just like yours do you love
umm they're good we sit good all right
guys who wears it better You IG v bid
I'm glad we did it's always told her
when you shave besides your hair off you
look great dude you look way better than
whatever you want you want me driver you
drive are you sure
let the record show that I asked twice
she loves this truck my bad oh yes if
you didn't watch yesterday's vlog we got
a new light bar on the front of the
truck this is the normal light turning
on all right turn on the light bar jeez
it's like wicked bright the only problem
is you can only use it like out in the
middle of nowhere where there's no cars
driving and once you've had it on for a
few minutes you turn it off it looks
like you don't even have headlights it's
like dark yellow hi body hi Zeus yeah
what do I got look at this gold box and
push it in he's like I'll take that hi
Zeus come my buddy we got something for
you Zeus he already knows look what is
it let me see it was a big dog bone nice
catch so since I always show up at Jon's
with all this hairspray in my hair by
the time he sprays his water and cuts it
to where he likes it I'm always left
with like this wicked slick mohawk
so I decide to wash it out dude you're
the man yeah pretty much looked
ridiculous for the last hour whoa all
right guys we got a special gift in the
mail today and you already know what
this is but Kane has fallen in love with
the box it is a beautiful box and I'll
tell you what whenever I take whatever's
in there you can have the box all right
what's in there Zeus you want to open it
won't you show them what's in there this
is for all this is because of you guys
this is because of us this is this is a
big team effort when I tell you guys
that we are together that's exactly what
this is all about this one's the box he
just wants the box you guys know that I
want a Streamy award this year
believe it or not the one they give you
on stage it's not the one you keep
that's just like a dummy trophy award
whatever you call it this is the
official award and is very heavy and
it's beautiful and I'm honored to have
it what are you doing
she's Bunny's back hmm to clean it clean
it Oh from all my nasty fingerprints I
just got on it my hairspray fingers so
yeah I know I've already said this in
the vlog about the stringy words but
guys thank you this is such a cool
reward for us and I don't know but yeah
a new giveaway right here anybody wants
it you already found a use for deer
streamys you have made my kid a new toy
box you like it
I just can't do it anymore
and then don't I don't see what the
problem is if you just can't do it just
stop cutting the onions yeah
mommy's in here crying do you know when
you cut onions it makes your eyes water
I came there's one more thing remember
yesterday we didn't have any good sleds
all we had was that old that old one I
ordered the coolest sled ever it's a
serious water like this is for tubing on
a lake on the ocean this is legit we
still got snow out there we could get
this out tomorrow we are warping into
current day guys cane don't eat this
snow okay we did absolutely nothing
yesterday and Kane wants to blow up this
raft so bad this big inner - my god so I
said let's wait till tomorrow here it is
we're gonna blow this sucker up the only
problem is yesterday was freezing cold
and we had snow today it's warm I'm in a
t-shirt outside and it's all melting you
better
you just decided right now but that was
the time to clean out the cabinet holy
smokes
we got problems I feel like that's
everyone got us for Christmas is coffee
mm-hmm stepped in as PE come here where
you know what you do if you step in SP
you walk in fresh snow come here
there you go stomp on it I'd say you get
all P we've been like man some smells in
this cabinet that is was that really in
there I'm moving out look at this bread
oh it's organic bread tight goes bad way
is my heli excuse it with yellow ant
late-- house is for sale if anybody
wants to come by this house that's it
it's over that's the breaking point
we're gonna need this guy right
don't blow it up should we do it out
here inside
are you recording me ha ha came out with
blogs let's go it's about to get loud
it's about to get loud
alright let's show them what we're doing
Eddie oh you are recording
mad
what happened let's go no I mean DOM Mel
okay so it's got a cream top yeah but
that's nor it's supposed to be there
yeah because it's unpasteurized what's
going on what's happening hi Scooby
sticks oh ma splattered everything come
on game this is why we stick to this
kind of stuff blowing up rafts in the
living room guys we got it all blown up
this they dude this isn't just for snow
this is for like movie night we can play
video games in this this is like this is
like our new couch is huge
can you imagine this hook to a quad ATV
just flying through this the yard full
of snow oh my gosh this all being done I
have to in this box that we can continue
we did nothing last night guys literally
nothing we will be right back at it
tomorrow we love you guys hey guys
say bye
whoa I just dropped the camera all right
Wow
we love you guys so much thanks for all
the daily support Andy you know just
everything I don't even have to bring it
up you guys know what you're doing
love you we're gonna have so much fun I
won't do it without blogging it we'll
see you soon smama I see them on smart
you lose your glove maybe it's still
connected to the board it is ha ha ha
