hey guys before this vlog get started I
just want to tell you that there is an
announcement at the end of this vlog
it's something that I've kept a complete
secret I have not hyped it up at all I'm
just very excited to share it with you
guys and it's officially happening so
you can sit back enjoy this video or you
can just skip right to the end I love
you guys hey my friends hey my friends
hey guys it is absolutely beautiful
outside we finally got a little bit of
snow we are playing it no we ain't gonna
plan it you're not allowed to play in it
you know there's no fun in this house is
a no-fun zone
we got the breakfast going sausage eggs
you know the drill you want to open them
alright check this out guys so I got um
a couple new shoes today you guys know
I'm a big shoe collect no I don't
collect any shoes I literally wear one
pair of shoes this pair is crazy I don't
know what to expect
oh my gosh so this is dented uh like
dented metal I don't know do you like
them what do you think of these cane
would you wear them yeah um actually
it's hard to get on camera what color
they actually are because her pajamas
are making them pink and since it's now
winter and snow yo I found some like
serious converse boot shoes they like
them I actually kind of like this they
look big though my feet that big yes uh
so these are for something that I'm
about to announce a holy cow man on set
today wait here that's what you're
wearing for that you got it you can do
it just don't touch the pan is hot Kay's
been working on his egg cracking skills
let's see it
put your thumbs push your thumbs into
that yeah dude I think there was two
yolks in there I'm sure you can figure
out what we're gonna do we're gonna
pound down some breakfast oh you have
throw snowballs at me we're gonna go
play in the snow we finally got a little
bit to play enough not just ice on the
deck is it are you having fun says he's
loving it he needs your help I think you
got it in his clothes oh is pounding
right now whoo you can't even see the
trees he just he just keeps going in and
out well it is crazy let me see he looks
like a rock star
mmm fuzz this holy moley here we go you
ready doing some fun sledding up the old
Suzuki ow I've had this thing for like
ten years
come on buddy hop on it's way faster
you lose your glove maybe it's still
connected to the board it is you ready
to try it all right let's give Cain a
try
are you ready you gotta give me five I
see you boy let's go
all right it's pretty ridiculously hard
to film out there but we're all froze we
all came in whoa and I'm the one I'm the
a TV pilot can't film and I was trying
to film on you it's difficult got some
hot chocolate
you like my boobs yeah so uh pinball
Todd's here what's up dude I'm starting
to think that our friendship has nothing
with a fish tank anymore you see that
right there
that's got to be that plus time I need
on has he still has you didn't put that
in with highest score on the pinball
machine and he still refuses to stop I
can't beat it
he has 407,000 I have three hundred and
ninety five thousand I don't know if I
ever showed you guys this but this coral
is my newest coil that's the one Todd
gave me for Christmas and I love it
he takes over here guys I just need to
get extra ball
oh my gosh dude you're killing it every
time I comes over he kills fours he
already has the eyes for now he's
killing it again he might actually beat
his war I think he's got oh he's already
way over oh please number he'll be at
number one in 4,000 no is it oh wait no
no I'm saying that was are you kidding
oh we were supposed to leave literally
an hour ago you're still flying VIN but
we're waiting on him he's taking us
somewhere
Oh to going you're only on ball three
dude white shot red shot then you're
killing it day 20 oh you're the bonus oh
my gosh 576 hey what's that
hopalong what's the top 600,000 oh my
god hey I can do your killing
oh no no 600 scram Jim there's gonna be
a fight he's sweating dude you start
when you buy this game this is B lies
other people get way more in there Zeus
is B not my house you now have the high
score twenty minutes later here we go
this is it guys you got to put it up
there so nobody can reach it no not
attainable it really seems unattainable
champion nobody's had this score this is
a good freakin job dude there might not
be vlogs for the next week cuz I now I
gotta sit here all week it's not that
it's bad when he beats the squirts that
he texts me all night how good he's
sleeping and how good he feels there we
go
now you probably a lot of scores to put
in what do you mean a lot
I've never heard I am the most powerful
at this game what makes it a good day
719 maybe oh dude that probably stands
up there with that is so nice
that's good by Zeus you be good hey he's
gonna sleep all over my couch look at
that face
that's a couch face right there you guys
sleep on my couch so we are right Kane
are you staying awake you are good job
we are headed over Todd's taking us to
go pick up our truck
Ashley great champion ha ha ha here we
go the Grand Champion is taking us to go
get our trash man so we didn't have to
drive two separate cars tonight
appreciate it I mean it's the least you
could do after that beating like I said
it's a small price to pay
awesome our work we're never alone never
gonna hear the end of it well there's
our truck she got her new face she got a
facelift
oh that looks know I'm ready to Baja
this thing no little rabbit
I gotta go look at it what all that is
sweet we got some ramps built in the
back Sam man all right what do you guys
think I think that's a nice addition
right there you know what I really like
about it there's no room for a front
license plate I love that what do you
think awesome you like the truck I think
you gonna run too hot over now that is a
beautiful Ohio sunset here's a little
secret though the window tint makes it
look better so here it is what the wood
does down that trucks adorable grand
champ mm-hmm I got a few con him after
that pinball destruction here's the
beautiful sunset oh not it's still nice
still nice but look how nice it looks
with this
it's like it's like a filter I'm not
totally cold all right fine
bye Noah we love you buddy he's so
sleepy I love you dude call me bye you
thought I was gonna leave you I would
never leave you sleepyhead he just
passed out now you're definitely gonna
be up all night we are going to the
Japanese Steak House Cain has asked us
to bring him here for what a month so
here we are mr. Atwood Japanese the
funny thing is Cain wanted to come here
so bad but he doesn't eat any of the
food he only wants
that's all he cares about they should
put the sauce on it do you like it you
do no way
you don't like it at least he's trying
you didn't put any on there you liked it
there's your stay yeah there you go you
got it I'm still eating the last but I'm
so full ah good job mr. chopstick man
gains first time using chopsticks oh he
just wants to feed you know don't care
let's show him how you like a full
trashcan you can't blame me what's up
whoa baby fast he's professional now
yeah ladies in the back made of our
custom chops they're rubber bands and
paper looks like a receipt yeah maybe
it's a treasure map
Oh baby
yeah okay so they gave Kane the ones
with the rubber band and then they said
after you practice those you can use
real ones now he's trying to throne but
what do what he's doing what did daddy
teach you to do
hi Daddy kaya anybody that don't know
how to use chopsticks showing that show
what daddy taught you how to pick it up
all right we're out of there our
stomachs our folders tons of snow hey I
think Clifford looks pretty be a run you
guys over I can't eat ice cream are you
sure
keen really want he didn't really give
you an ice cream I don't think he's
gonna say no okay I'll take you guys
okay before we take off we got the new
grill not the grill the bumper it has a
giant LED bar this is geek trucks lights
right there right there this is the new
LED bar where is it this is the new LED
bar it's like a solid beam of life I
cannot wait until I have broadridge so
bad oh let's go get some snow cone max I
can make you guys snow cones we don't
even have to go get ice cream for some
reason we're going to get ice cream I
cannot honestly stuff from that food
maybe they have a cheat maybe they have
a cheesecake to go
you get too quick anything he wants in
it right they have are you getting the
same thing huh you only want the gummy
bears yeah you got a fight for him you
got to dig him out with your shovel the
goal today after we ate was to take
Caine to get his hair cut finally
because he starting to look really rough
and like his parents don't care about it
and I can't get over these wrongs like
this oh crap that's a thumb light it's
so nice and bright
he wants lightning bolts in the side of
his head and you guys know my barber
John who'd he really does like it's all
I keep saying I wear he's all that my
god John here's know John who does smile
more and he did the lizard on my head
he's gonna do it tomorrow so Kane you
promised me you're gonna go tomorrow you
bring key BrahMos so instead of doing it
tonight we're gonna go get the cool cut
he wants a full mohawk and a lightning
bolt
that's all he keeps saying all right
guys so here is it is time for this
announcement I have it's been really
hard to keep a secret and I haven't
wanted to hype it just in case it fell
through like a lot of projects do this
is happening and we are announcing a
world tour I'm not kidding this is a
world tour this is uh the tour's
actually called Roman first fousey and
it's it's going to be a very large-scale
show and you know after we did our toy
drive we realized how awesome it would
be to and we've been working on this a
long time but it wasn't - until that toy
that I was like this is gonna work like
we're gonna get to meet you guys we're
gonna get to travel and see you guys and
I know this has been requested a million
times in the comments when are you come
into my city when are you guys gonna
come hang out with us women you know
when are you gonna make it to Michigan
you know just random places so that is
the announcement and tickets go on sale
Friday for the first five shows we're
only announcing five shows up front this
is done for a lot of reasons but
logistically we're announcing five shows
first they're available right now in the
website below I think its ramen first
foo see calm but I'll leave it in the
top of this discreet available now our
Friday the tickets go on sale Friday
morning I will let you guys know second
they go on sale on Twitter or maybe
sniff snapchat something I will post
they're on sale now because I know
they're going to sell out instantly
probably with less than an hour I that
um well yeah but that's a lot of passion
who sees Rob Rhodes that's a lot of
pressure I shouldn't say that I'm just
gonna take a week to sell out so that is
the announcement guys a big tour finally
I think it's way overdue so we'll be
able to come to your city and see the
cool thing about the website I think
that you're able to put in where we
should go
so every city is not done I think it's
35 total cities um does that include the
five up front no oh I think it's 30
after you can see how much I know about
this so I believe there's a place so go
choose your city because that really
does determine however many but it is
really working off that so I love you
guys
I'll post the website now in the
description and then Friday morning
tickets one sale and hopefully I can get
you guys a better time so you can grab
them tickets if you want I love you we
will see you tomorrow United States so
the first set is the United States okay
but they can go and pick like if they're
in the UK yeah sir um so that's all we
got I can finally say that I will see
you soon that's all I got
we love you tell me in the comments also
what city we should come to we love you
smile more
ah stop you can't stop turning dad ha
