what take Roman here we go here we go
what's up guys how are you I hope your
day is perfect I'm just getting started
I'm actually going to get known from
school right now Brittany
took the camera this morning I couldn't
not get out of bed I finished that nail
vlog yesterday at 3:30 a.m. had to take
notice school at 7:30 a.m. I was hurting
it got me I mean it really got me let's
vlog edits beat me up sometimes
especially the mail there's so much to
it
excuses excuses that's all I hear going
to pick up my boy Brittany took the
camera this morning I have no idea what
she filmed so here's a couple clips of
what she did good morning everyone
I am up and off to a workout class and
I'm taking you guys with me today but
Roman did get up this morning he had to
take note of school
that's always an early morning usually
we don't meet in the middle and I'm like
kind of asking questions and stuff he's
like honey I don't talk in the morning
I'm like okay I'll see you soon okay
guys I hate it this is pret hiding over
there
he's our instructor first thing I just
pick out gloves we just pick a bag and
it's just like a half-hour of like
intense cardio punching and kicking and
all kinds of awesome stuff so I'll see
you when I'm done hopefully I'm nice and
sweaty nothing like a little morning
cardio where you feel like you're gonna
puke so yeah that was a really fun class
I I wish I would have shown more
um maybe next time I'm so one of those
new bloggers that it's weird to vlog
around people marry yes oh hi beautiful
I love you yeah is he giving this your
camera back so glad it's Friday I'm the
worst dad ever for saying that you know
what I'm about to ask you give any idea
you want to take a guess I'm not asking
there was something and I expect the
answer is gonna be yes but I want to ask
you what do you think about me and you
just being you leave in the house
tonight and you're watching the new Star
Wars yes see now now I'm back to being a
good dad do you really want to see it I
I cannot make this up I don't think I've
ever seen any of the Star Wars all the
way through I'm one of them guys don't I
don't know anything about Star Wars only
from the video games do I know all the
characters and you know I've caught bits
and pieces of endings
so should be fun you want to go hi I
looked out there's a 7:30 showing 7:30
you said that I just said it
warping back home is that what you
really want so what's gonna make you
grow strong
hey who can guess who dress cane today
hey I know who dress king I was here you
dressed you I think I could have guessed
that Oh
teeny daddies hell oh yeah Seuss to open
it all right guys we have got next to
nothing done in the vlog today but
Brittany and I have been buried up to
our necks literally all we've done today
is computer crap not fun crap not
anything good we've got taxes we've got
bottom line is no excuses we haven't
been able to vlog today I'm picking up
my camera now I want to hustle a little
bit Hey so tonight
no and I are going out we haven't done
that for a while bringing cane is gonna
get some time we're gonna split up a
little bit and I saw they were splitting
up know what to do Oh thing is awesome
oh I can play with that all day what you
want water how about I get your new
outfit it's work before play you got to
get the homework done so we can go play
that's how it works
ain't no hiding from me boy all right
where's this where's this my homework
reason my computer is open is cuz ah oh
you've been up you're playing video
games I swear I am I'm just kidding
so what do you have to research what's
the topic
give me the topic and I'll give you the
answer immediately
I can choose it's either
historic u.s. I don't know anything
about it that's mm-hmm all right well
Cain's tried fall flips the nose
finishing homework we got one of our
favorite sponsors to this channel you
guys know who it is already Harry's you
guys want one yeah what are you falling
asleep I wanna see the colors man what
are you gonna shave
I mean I'm gonna shave my life we
haven't bloom that is what you call blue
hey you guys are out of your minds it's
the exact same colors as well all right
other than the truth look I try to give
you a razor then you get picky about it
you gotta have the right color now yep I
might be orange Oh guys it is a new year
it's 2016 don't waste money on expensive
razors harrys.com use code roman my name
ro a man and you receive this whole box
for ten bucks the whole thing and free
shipping right and free shipping can't
beat it you get the whole kit a nice
razor I don't know if you get the color
choice that you just dug through all my
collection the sheet fabulous mom angels
oh yeah it's very dry very dry legs
season you guys know us guys have that
problem with our dry legs
well are you taking one yeah you
shouldn't be myself you see a spot when
you get old you only girl here in spots
I don't know Syria little aliens bars he
has no hair he's one of our favorite
sponsors on this channel they're always
hooking it up they're always giving us
giveaway stuff too which is cool make
sure you check out their site two guys
created this whole company and you get
they you get five bucks off so it's only
ten bucks for the whole kid but I'm
holding out on cream I'm going to keep
it I'm gonna make
Aaron shades with them I'm gonna be
honest I don't shave much and I've never
had like a razor always just steal Brits
and I've completely moved to this razor
I really have talking to me about
children in spots and you don't have
much to Jamie there when you talking
about there's only been a month what you
some have you guys ever given somebody
something like hey you got a piece of
gum and you give it to them they're like
oh terrible we cut up that's how I just
felt was okay here's some raise your
steak well I don't want that color I
didn't say I don't want that color that
I never said that I just wanna watch
guys links are in the description you
know what to do go check it out you
can't stop terming dad this is like way
is there any more coming out one sees
like I'm trying to catch my mouth you
just got lying around
alright bye guys bye bye I love you I'll
be right back okay
ready so what do we do on a day that we
have the weirdest vlog ever
we go to the movie theater where we
cannot vlog we are going I'm taking my
buddy to go see Star Wars we've never
seen it and we're sitting here talking
like what is the last movie we've been
to what is the last movie I cannot even
remember like it would have been in the
vlogs you guys probably know the last
one that I can think of was Jurassic
world in the Bahamas
that's the honestly last when you think
of
it's been a while so me and I was going
to go sit back sip on something cold eat
some junk like watch movie dude I
haven't been to this theater for ever
this is where you store watch all my
movies
good news for anybody that hasn't seen
Star Wars no and I are gonna film it and
upload it on YouTube and that would be
the end of my vlogging career least we
came on a Monday night as I imagine when
this came out it was packed
really
we might be the last people to see this
movie ever
we got the snacks we got the slushies so
what do you think it is nothing likes
this there's one person so this have you
ever been in a theater all by yourself
three people for two of us one good
thing about wait until eat a couple
weeks after a movie comes out you just
got the place to yourself it's like our
own home theater so we just left the
movies what did you think
us it was really really
our time or even
I put here's the deal here's what I'm
going to say about the movie because I
don't know anything about Star Wars so
there may be a chance that that's why I
really like the movie because I didn't
know of course I know the characters
from the games and stuff but I don't
know whether the story follows accuracy
I don't know if it matches the last
movies or I've heard a lot of Star Wars
fans be like gods it's not right blah
blah blah and I don't know what your
timeless so I think I enjoyed it as a
newcomer to the franchise that's the
truth and you haven't seen the movies
you've just been trying to watch some of
them so we both really really liked it
so if you've never seen Star Wars maybe
you liked it and if you're Dyer it's the
worst fans maybe it didn't follow the
exact story I don't know I just say back
in joyed I'm sure you've all seen us
we're late in the game
it's a little left
hey Zeus hey baby
all right guys you have heard me say
this over and over and over through the
years and that is not all days are
exciting I was talking to Brittany
halfway through the day we were buried
in paper I'm not even kidding like all
of this all these papers um just was so
much like crap that you have to do isn't
it not just as an adult but as a
business owner as a like this youtubes
it becomes way more than just um YouTube
it becomes a career it becomes a
business it becomes there's a lot to it
like I wish I could get into it maybe
maybe I should just make a vlog about
all the things we actually have to do
behind the scenes that probably no
youtubers ever show anybody it's it's
just I think it's cuz it's boring it's
her anyway guys I hope you can still
enjoy this vlog we'll be right back out
tomorrow I'm not planning on missing a
day even if they suck I'm gonna plan
upload so I don't know let's see I have
this I have that issue quality over
quantity and in the vlogging world
sometimes I don't have quality I just it
is what it is I love you guys we've seen
them all thanks for everything
tell me in the comments if you still
enjoyed this vlog and that's all I got
see then you're one of a kind smile soos
your fart stink ah this is for the kids
are gonna love it I'm gonna love this
are you gonna okay wait here let's go go
suit up come on check this up oh we
didn't get much snow we got a sheet of
ice
