hey guys welcome to the vlog channel we
are in San Francisco today we're getting
a couple things done before our show I
want to tell you a quick story before
this vlog really starts back when I used
to work in the factory and I just
started YouTube I mean like I was nobody
had nothing no views nothing this guy on
YouTube was on the popular page and he
was doing like that
like funny things Drake says in public
using the songs or whatever and that was
fousey to me that's crazy I used to walk
around the factory showing people his
videos like look at this guy's doing cuz
I was trying to do sketch comedy and now
who would it ever thought that one day I
would be out of the factory on tour year
with the guy that I used to watch on
YouTube it's insane so I woke up with
that thought this morning thought I
would share with you guys good morning
let's get the vlog started we got a big
show tonight and boosie's home town I'm
scared it's gonna be all bruh Bros oh of
course the first thing we got to do is
get foo C's head shaved up I could use a
little touch-up myself I don't envy I
don't envy I hate shave it I don't shave
like it's very little once a week and I
hate it so I can't imagine how to do it
every day so much work so one thing
right away that I've noticed it's
different than any city I've ever been
to is that the sidewalks everything are
steep hills it's hard to tell on camera
but it's steep and this is also the home
of what's that place with the winding
Hill oh yeah what is that
yeah you know yeah what's that place
called with that a super zigzag yeah
yeah
it's so steep the turds rolling downhill
it rolled down the trolleys alright
alright alright can you can you take us
to the place at the Golden Gate Bridge
where there's a view here I'm finally
gonna see the Golden Gate Bridge I've
been want to see you smile holla
he's lit he was born he's never even
you've never even been never in my life
how is that possible it's just one of
those things you know you drive past it
and you don't appreciate where you are
until you go to the other side and you
realize how beautiful the other side was
the grass is always greener
you can ask you a quick question what's
the name of the zigzag street the famous
lombard street
what is it Lombard Lombard yeah Lombard
you thinking of something else though I
know what you're thinking of really yeah
forgot the name of it it was in Tony
Hawk's no we don't want to go to it it
wasn't Tony Hawk pro skater we're in
Chinatown right now I remember this I
think from Rush the old rush video game
man I was at 464 maybe there's the
bridge you came it's under clouds wow
it's totally different it looks
beautiful
alright guys we made it to the bridge
and it kind of stinks today it's all
foggy but this is it
it's beautiful doesn't do it I don't
think it does it justice but it looks
amazing and personal all that beauty
so this is it guys the Golden Gate
Bridge maybe somebody can take a
freeze-frame of this and just color it
in for me because I can see it go this
might actually help with the perspective
of this bridge there's cars and people
and this out here this little island
that's Alcatraz oh this is cool it moves
33:35 8:35 before oh there it is I don't
know
ah thanks for waiting on this is awesome
how often is it clear
not very often not often this once this
in its in for a while ah we are headed
back to the hotel real fast this is our
venue tonight
it's a massive venue
there's our tour bus looks like there's
already people outside we have like
hours and hours they're waiting by it I
don't know
all right guys run up to the room to get
a couple things and out to be honest
with you just being real with you I am
missing my family so much today like
it's hitting me times 10 I got always
miss them but today's like boom I guess
this is just how the bridges look in San
Francisco
look at this it's nuts so yeah we're
gonna keep moving if Britney sent me any
footage this is where I'm gonna put it
here's a little look into oh hi oh hi
good morning guys or good afternoon or
good weekend or whatever it is for you
hope you're having an awesome day I am
getting ready to go to a smile we're
meeting for new products and printing
and all kinds of stuff so yeah you guys
are gonna hang out until I get back
y'all going and I work with we're gonna
do something okay you might be a little
too muddy for my new white converses
today but I'm try and get around it
looks like it's post office time again
and these Wow okay okay so I have to
take mail and drop it off before our
meeting look how muddy it is look at the
truck it's not a good day to wear white
shoes
I already got mud on them so as much as
I miss Roman dearly um there is one
thing good about him being gone is I can
listen to country music in the car
and he doesn't want to jump out that is
one muddy truck lots of orders going out
so I just made it um the meeting place I
don't know how much I can show you guys
but I'm at least gonna show you a little
something while I'm here okay I don't
let you take these with you
holy moly how amazing is this I love
that for the beach for the beach or for
anywhere anywhere do you guys like it
thumbs up if you like that new design
it's a darkened target I walked in like
hmm dark in here Oh lights came back on
okay Conrad is turning five um so if I
was a boy and I was gonna be five what
would I want
I think the Legos are really like I
can't go wrong with a Lego but there's
so many different ones now this one's
really really cool it's a full spaceship
I like your shirt I think it's on
backwards
this little old you get would you get me
Bujji
are you ready are you ready to see a kid
yeah now what are we having for dinner
that's the secret
Oh cheeseburger cake oh oh you just have
to do are you drooling
I see drew you want to eat it wo all
right Conrad make a wish
make a good wish then blow all out good
kid you not on the trial of this 101 did
you not tell him to try blow him out all
at once I have no part of this look at
these shoes he got high it's a shoe that
movie but it's the game Simon Simon Says
okay hang on wait still only push it
when it lights up yeah Dan now you do
red and then you do
red blue yep and it's know we're all
watching Romans walk
I always want to see I gotta go probably
okay guys so that was our vlog from Ohio
today hope you enjoyed and an awesome
family hangout and miss Roman but we are
all happy times and we love you see bye
everyone bye guys
we do this our big show yet from my
outfit Exley's nice singing Daniel uncle
man we've been waiting for like an hour
liar how you feeling I'm good
big show tonight big show today here
just four people drove an hour to see
you say hi hi guys how are you you're
feeling I cannot even express oh wait
who's it to it how are you give me hug
me hug okay read together Oh read
together hi thank you you're appreciate
that little nervous tonight we're at foo
C's hometown area so I feel like the
team barabra is the team is a
little gonna be a little overwhelming
tonight all right I already put the hit
out
I know I sorta Ligon I like gotta get up
it's all right when we hit Columbus Ohio
oh man I'm not going I'm calling it
would just be the Roman show yeah I'm
calling in sick day
so here we are this will be one of our
biggest shows of the entire tour tonight
and it is big you can't even see it the
lights on lights are off
this is a big backstage holy smokes
yeah look how big the stage can be whoa
whoa you're gonna want to see this man
what we got food tonight this venue is
so beautiful oh my god it's like kind of
like movie theater style so this is
called soundcheck this is where our man
Terrell hooks us up on mics we go out on
stage we basically rehearse what we're
gonna do and he checks all the levels
make sure it's all perfect and yeah yo
what up guys welcome to San Francisco oh
man
I hit a lovely mom it's what happens
when you don't hug the poor nobody
shows up
Oh
I just put you know we need a new
backstage we need to come back here I
already know that this show is gonna be
wild it's not like the laid-back the
group tonight it's not like laid-back
tonight their way in they've been
waiting this is the third show of the
tour so they've already seen other shows
they're pump man Wow we got a quick
meet-and-greet up right now so let's go
let's go Pablo this
we got a new one out here tonight here
we go
Roman Atwood eat that's precision like
you can't go half way like you got to do
the whole thing it's amazing what's your
name ma'am Michael Reaves Michael Reese
don't white boy though white boy not
always been throwed after all so bring
it up thank you so much thank you put
your name buddy grant grant so grant
brought me a signed plastic ball from
the prank I signed it Roman Atwood and
shipped it out he brought it and I just
added smile more to it so we still got
room for other shows man we gonna keep
adding to this thing you something
a baby's got a very special announcement
for her sister go for it
love you baby stay strong for me all
those things are gonna be gone we all
love you come here is from Ann and I
told you I was gonna make this happen I
love you
I go for it you want to say you just
asked me you want to be in the blog good
guys for supporting Roman is great and
thank you guys
Roman really good you stole me love
Thanks yeah thank you so much so this is
like her dream right just crazy to me
what an honor anyone's mom wore listen
to Roman grant
it because me and you got the you got
the pink top and she made custom pants
boot bootlegging Hertz bootlegging I
love it man what you want to say you
guys just the smile more family over
here they just rant you just ran fousey
off you scared him you guys are so
awesome I know of any and K and I just
want to say that I love you guys
amazing and I'm here with Roman hi guys
how we doing merch all right they didn't
they didn't take it take the table with
them oh boy just wrapped on the meetup
what a great time and half the fun of
all this is just meeting you guys foo
see what's up you ready dude my family's
here we need energy tonight I'm telling
you this is a different crowd tonight
man they are amped God they were tearing
down the doors like literally climbing
over we got our man Ali tonight doing
photos and video for us so we'll finally
be able to build we're building a
trailer for this whole torso because
I'll finally get to see some of it I was
going to completely surprise you look
what I got you know how you got them
bright red Jordan I found bright red
convers today
those are dope defiers they make bright
red in my shoes too just like the do
they match my robe should I come out
nice come on oh come on I think so too
here we go San Francisco let's go
get over here bro
awesome job man it's a wrap on the third
show guys San Francisco was huge walking
out on that I'm not used to that kind of
thing I'm really not that was thank you
guys so this so since we're in San Fran
is so Lucy's family I want you guys
think of the show I'm so thrilled to see
you MA
thanks for coming out man is so fun he
was our ref tonight on stage he did
I mean you favorite fousey my dad came
on stage in it favored me hey I like to
see my nice shirt so I feel so bad for
some of these kids out here we're just
gonna walk out take pics on the way to
the car ready yeah let's do it
oh my gosh
if you guys fought if you guys for Milan
I'll do photos do it along the sidewalk
there we go sidewalk let's do that
I leave you land along the sidewalk work
along the sidewalk go this place for you
to do this to my mom to do is be oh you
translate oh that's beautiful thank you
guys I'm so sorry I can't we have to go
so sorry guys thank you so much Wow
seafood
come on you're welcome more that was a
lot of excitement
we are leaving San Fran you guys are
beautiful I'm so sorry I can't get a
picture with everybody I'm speechless
right now
that would be Romania that was crazy
oh my gosh San Fran thank you guys I'm
speechless I can't even speak I came
thank you yeah y'all this place is not
for chasing cars I've saved guys that's
dangerous yo it's not funny just got
back to the hotel man what a humbling
experience I don't know what else to say
I I feel like I'm pretty humble guy but
tonight really humbled me it was like
something like out of this world
we're both speechless I could when we
walked out with the vlog cam to to just
shut me down I couldn't even speak so
this is fousey nice dinner right here
man some packed burritos and what if
there's nachos I got super not uh yeah I
can't even talk I'm sorry what a Swamp
Thing all right guys pretty much just
enough time to grab a bite to eat and we
got to go jump on the bus it's an
eight-hour drive to Los Angeles so here
we go
jumping on the hotel's letting me buy a
pillow for the boss they all the same
this will work so this is what San
Francisco looks like at 2:00 in the
morning
zombies thank you thank you what's up
man what's up what's up guys yo the
hotel let me buy this if you know I'm
not a thief sure so the truth is Lucy
and I had flights for 8:00 a.m. tomorrow
but instead of getting up early we're
just gonna get on the bus and sleep
through the night I mean it's really
late though that we've unbelie-- 'real
I'm probably honestly gonna have to end
this blog I'm so exhausting to pass out
though we were sleeping in here guys any
sleeping yo the hotel let me buy it
weird night yeah yeah it was awesome
don't you get out of my way boy no but
still the plan we're gonna stop for gas
and poops within an hour
hey I'm gonna be dead asleep by
very hard I just guess ain't no scaring
me tonight a little go to sleep I
wouldn't even thought piece please don
why are you throwing your pillow at me
Oh get it bad see the truth I've always
dreamed of sleeping on a tour bus I
finally get to I'm actually sleeping my
dream I stupid
and then gentlemen just just big
reminder we're always moving so don't
leave a beverage don't ya you tur don't
leave nothing nowhere cuz it's going a
trend of being out of the milk so this
is my bunk guys this is uh somebody's
luggage so uh good night
shut your thing shut your curtain talk
to me won't read me a story
yeah I was a little Oh get out of here
you know this bus is so decked out we
got lights we've got TVs in our bunks
we've got full power outlets so we can
charge things
we're on the move guys thank you for all
the love and support we will see you
tomorrow in Los Angeles don't forget how
awesome you are you're beautiful you're
one of a kind smile one two three oh
I've always wanted it I've always want
to see I was where pearls were inside
these things but I never knew that it
was real
