here we go here we go good morning Pablo
we are off to San Francisco this morning
good morning what's up Jim Bob hey I'm
here buddy what's up your most slice
how'd everybody sleep you get any yeah I
mean the vlog kind of tore me up a
little bit but I feel good Lusine I had
to make a pretty tough decision because
the bus doesn't get into San Francisco
until Friday our flight we get in San
Francisco tonight so we were gonna take
the bus we decided not to what happened
so the bus breaks down so that's a big
problem there they're somewhere between
here and there and they're 50 feet away
from railroad tracks where our train
then caught fire
are you serious hot father there's a
brokedown bus beside a burning tree
goodbye port man you are a beautiful
city man I want to come back here next
stop San Francisco Oh
didn't work today dude I can't feel my
face when I'm with you but I love it
want to get your Portland wards run okay
they got the the flannels the fleece I
know you're fake like that you're a big
camper though not you come on I'm Brown
I've never camped in my life
crap no baseball bats dude you have to
take that back he's got a bat so I'm
assuming the screwdriver and baseball
bat he has can't come through Shh
are you trying to start trouble yeah
look at these guys I have a radio I can
call enhance them attack you like super
multitasking just posted the vlog they
are boarding our flight and this comes
out look at the size of this thing
my lady it's still people online yeah
we're doing good
what's up you left me no yours was left
me eaten by myself look why we're
supposed to be here so cheater here oh
nice thanks dude maybe the aisle cuz
you're under the bathroom so much said I
Portland boy
oh my gosh we had a quick quick two hour
flight to San Fran and this is your this
is your town town baby so they treat
what are you doing royalty I can do this
if I wanted to I don't care so yes this
is officially folks this is where you're
born
yeah really actually yeah here she is
now here we here we go you know what
I've always want to see in San Francisco
that I have to see the Golden Gate
Bridge not my house huh give a house
here yeah I have always want to see I
put it in one of my blogs you can see me
and Brittany flying over an airplane I'm
pointing at it that's the only time I've
ever seen so I'm really excited we got
to go we have time you know it's on a
handful of ham and I get this money for
the rent I stayed home it's beautiful in
San Francisco how far is the Golden Gate
Bridge
it's beautiful there but this is north
simplices with a note you need to crawl
to see it all the way
right so it takes a while yeah we just
went from snow-covered mountains to lush
green mountains or Hills all right guys
so what causes all the fog in San
Francisco like I've seen the videos of
the clouds one over the Golden Gate
Bridge that mountain or whatever the
fortune cookie was invented in San
Francisco did you know that - of
course of course hi everyone Hey - um
what were you were doing with your
gloves how you become a monkey no you
don't want to show them oh my gosh hi
guys it was so funny came put his
mittens on his feet don't tell him you
don't want me to tell him dang
we'll have to show him sometime it's
really funny hey who wants to go see the
smile Moore building are you want to go
you want to go through the building
wanna go see the building yeah are you
excited yeah so they have been working
on the building forever now it feels
like they're starting to get close to
bringing paint and stuff tomorrow which
is awesome or so excited there's mud and
snow mud and snow look how muddy that is
is just a muddy mess our broken driveway
put it okay shut it down
oh it's warm in here see go to the
window it's at least warm in here so
this is it Braj another garage upstairs
bathroom kitchen office office and this
is the hole via the whole shipping area
uh so cool so this is going to be our
little break room kitchen area I can go
in and shut the door and get all my work
done
help someone come in and ask me for
peanut butter and jelly it's starting to
come together it was really funny when
they were building the building it
snowed so much and they were just
shoveling snow like outside it was so
weird this is where they got stuck
see how muddy it is
it's so deep from and I hope you're
having fun in West Coast warm weather
yeah ready to kill muddy you are
Zeus jump cane
Oh jumper him oh yeah and you can't be
in one what do you mean there's a pearl
inside there yes how does that work
hi guys so there's real pearls inside
these oysters here uncle T one ugly ones
got the pretty pearls yes but there's
something we said she said the ugly ones
have the nicer pearls yeah I like that
alright so how do we break it open just
stop like just hit it hit it hard
one two three Oh
oh I've always wanted I've always want
to see I was where pearls were inside
these things but I never knew that it
was real
let's see is he gonna have to pay yeah
yeah if there's no pearl there's no pay
yeah yeah no parole no pay he cannot
know pearl no pay no pearl no pay he's
not getting more gambling I thought the
whole pearl in the clam noise the thing
I thought it was a myth I really thought
it was that was a real oyster yeah and
it was on open look at these things okay
they make this the pro at least two
years that's two years old not only four
years old at least at least two years
old
yes sir woman you are first one this is
beautiful this is your pearl okay you a
baby yo so apparently you have to open
thousands of oysters just to match the
right amount to make a whole necklace
because they're all different sizes all
different colors we should make one
string ten thousand of them to make one
strand could be a uniform your patient
yeah okay what can you put in a little
box or so oh so I can take a home to my
beautiful girlfriend tell her I got our
pearl I'll try to impress her then I see
this penny pocket yeah that's what that
is my girl off we have a very buzz in
here right yeah so we've skipped a
little time we took the bags to the
hotel we're walking around San Francisco
never been here in my life I'm a new guy
this is Lucy's buddy good Johnny number
five Johnny number five he's alive
yo I just got a real life Pro out and
became a millionaire now haha she put my
baby pearl on a cage I'm gonna take it
home it's pretty cute thank you for the
lesson today I love it
dude she said the pearl Sura she's
buying it from me for $600 serious yet
you should try it I got a rare one you
opened it and agree and now you're
paying him big
they said it's a rare one they want to
use this really lady yes yo y'all try at
Bercy dinners on Romans nah you just
have to pay anything here to pay as it's
mine what huh you guys are very fun
sports thank you I got you I got you
ain't never paying fifty five dollars
fifty they hustle why the way it was
supposed to be 14 they hustled me man
cuz you can just get a pearl then you
need something for the pearl of going
yeah hustle did she try to sell me $550
your ring that it fits in that - yeah
guys we've dropped her stuff a little
bit time has passed we're walking around
this beautiful area it's unbelievable is
this where we're eating it is it's a
bread factory
oh my god I just want to smother that
Gator in butter and eat it I'm gonna
give it to you we came to a bread place
everything bread bread that's not but
bread balls bread two pictures of your
cheese on it on the advertisement right
you all saw it one came out I got one
I'll give you this you give me your lid
all right now but the only reason I this
is all three plan the only reason I got
this was to get to this would you mind
if I try to have never had clam chowder
in my life ever all looks scary dude is
our pearl in there so this is the Roman
verse fousey tour we already played this
show sold out done this show sold out
sold out sold out San Diego you finally
did it
I'm proud of San Diego I'm - it's gonna
be a magical night it's gonna be magical
and I'm impressed man that's a hard shot
like everybody warned us about that show
Russia was the first one to say that's a
tough tough place to sell a show so
thank you guys so much dude okay so I
completely forgot feeling hundred to
come over to hang out with us tonight
and I ordered this really cool like for
builder and I can't find it it came in
the mail when we were gone so I've been
looking for that we could do that with
them - it would be really fun okay I
think this is it
that's this just find it and they just
pulled in perfect timing
glad I found that is a coffee thing
broke it's broke no coffee
good job guys you're figuring oh you
need you need a sheet not a little
blankie you me get you a sheet that will
kind of work oh yeah is she I am just
making tacos for dinner and Kane and
Daly won't eat tacos I'm going to make
them peanut butter and jelly
and Conrad and I are good with tacos
what is this that carrots you want to
wait you said you want to vlog with me
yeah yay I have a blog partner I think
he tried to get in the fort no he didn't
okay
we made this okay so let's try and put
the sheet on it and see are you done
back to video games it worked I just it
didn't work as good as I thought it
would Eddie Oh got it
so yeah we just wanted to say hi and we
love you guys miss you and just thanks
for all your support again
I am literally mind blown with all of
you on the tour and the show with Roman
it's amazing literally I caught him in
tears the first day like holy crap I
cannot leave this is happening so yeah
it's just really awesome to see you guys
on tour and like supporting Rome and
going to see their show and it's amazing
so yeah we're gonna end it here in Ohio
we love you guys so much so much so much
and I'm gonna try and take you guys with
me a lot more tomorrow so we'll talk to
you later say bye everyone
San Francisco is Allah so this is also
home of the famous prison called
Alcatraz I should dress cane up as a
little prisoner who would ever thought a
prison would turn into such a moneymaker
right what's up how are you guys huh
what up guys the sky is up fine I may
need your sunscreen for that so how's
everyone doing oh my gosh
San Fran's crazy San Fran is pretty new
this gonna be a big show yeah everywhere
we're going is if you guys are out here
mom this house took a foul see yo Jimmy
hey it's me
hey Jimmy no he's not here me Jimmy
nothing he's not even responding sorry
thank you so we haven't even spotted
okay gonna picture yeah let's do it
how you guys doing how you guys doing
little shy put the camera on him too
just arrived at the famous pier 39 I
almost hit that pole no joke
look at this man how do we get a boat
tomorrow we could I would love to go out
on a boat there's one that goes so fast
it's the funnest thing ever should we
try to get to Alcatraz on our own honor
that ah I want to go back another fair
you won't be in the vlog what's up how
are you what's up dude I five high five
okay good good dude yeah you stopped by
here we got gene we got some custom
shirts made alright guys back in the
room I'm so mad right now I can't
explain what just happened so all the
lights were off totally this was here
and I was going forward and I just hit
it and flew all the way on the I'm so
mad I'm on camera it's not anyways we're
kind of bouncing into the night a little
bit I hope you enjoyed some of
Brittany's footage today I sure did man
getting to see her is the greatest thing
for me um we love you guys and we will
never actually be able to thank you
properly for the amount of support you
give to my family myself this channel
everything we do is just so full of
passion and I know that it goes right
through this camera into you guys
because you just throw it right back and
the smile more stuff it's it's like when
we're going to these shows I just see it
everywhere and I know that a normal
shirt would not do that
so I know that it's a movement and you
guys are feeling it and we're living by
it it's not like a it's not like a thing
I say anymore it's something I live by
every day and I need you guys to you
don't have to buy anything smile more to
live by it but those two words man they
can get you through so much trust me
when I say that thank you guys for
everything as always you are beautiful
you are one-of-a-kind and before I say
smile more tell me if you enjoy the Ohio
footage mixed in I know it's way
different totally different but I just
feel like it adds so much more to our
life and what we're really doing not
just me but Brittany the kids everything
so I love it tell me what you think in
the comments today smile more you know
what I'm thinking ah you know what I'm
thinking I'm not trying to here don't
say things like this like it's the
process
if I tweet out team wrong and going
take a moment or two just pussies
