hey hey what you want to do using all my
hand all day huh hey guys welcome to the
Atwoods hi buddy
you're so concentrated he's blew up get
it you got it dude how is everybody
feeling today I hope it's perfect I
think Zeus wants to be in the vlog today
Zeus is that what you're trying to do
you just wanna be in the vlog today I
thought we thought as a family you know
what let's not do the typical let's see
how we entertain our viewers today let's
just raw blog it and show you what our
actual life is like every day came and I
was points for it today you want
something don't you
what is it what do you want he's going
crazy
sushi go go poop yeah you got a boob
Zeus in it well you want service come on
he wants something you want to go out
but look look having a big dog on rainy
days if you have any dog that has to go
out on a rainy day you know what I'm
talking about and now we got
construction going on out here it's just
mud I want you to think about your
actions out there okay daddy's gonna
clean you oh that's what you wanted your
ball was out there just throws its food
book so guys my goal today is give you
more of an in-depth look of what it's
like here on a normal day not a busy day
not a sunny day this is a day that we're
stuck inside and I just want to show you
our life I know a lot you guys asked us
a lot and I always try to entertain you
in the vlogs maybe do something firework
something in today is a day where I want
to point the camera at us and show you
what our life is like Oh mommy what's up
girl oh my god the cameras so blurry Oh
two miles how long it take you half hour
minute that's not bad that's better it
takes me like three days do to my house
so I sell these guys I want to just film
today like illness rest what is that is
that it wait what's going on
drop it good boy man you listen so fast
stay
good boy I'm just gonna go grab Noah
okay loosen all right I'll be right back
now I'm wishing I would have started
this vlog right when I woke up sometimes
it takes me a while I like to start up
in the morning like an old truck okay
it's time to vlog I guess is exactly how
I feel so you get the point now it's the
time when I go get to get my boy Noah
it's Friday I get to hang out all
weekend with my kids and Britney and
that is my highlight that is my goal
that's where I want to be I want to be
with my family so that's what we're
doing right now guys so I just want I
just want to explain how proud I am of
you you know why because your be good
you cuz you're good at school and you're
good in school I don't want to say this
but I was so bad in school I was always
in trouble I gave my parents such a hard
time because they were always getting
phone calls from the school and I'm so
happy that you don't do that to me and
every day you just it's a good day good
job
anything you want to do this weekend we
are driving home right now we've been
trying to figure out I present anything
you want to do this weekend Britney and
I were just talking
oh my gosh Brittany and I today I'm not
even kidding we said we should take the
kids to the trampoline place I'm not
kidding yeah we were just talking about
so okay maybe this weekend or tonight or
something go do that
tell me fun hey hey mama good ice he's
ever seen Noah or he missed you he
couldn't he couldn't make it
what you in your undies yeah you have to
wait a minute because putting pants on
this is gonna give you away come on Zeus
huh
that's the pants you went with well
Christmas tree he couldn't make it
he was still at school so I just came
back home I sit in the rain where is he
I told you he's still at school
ESU's ray is this always gives up the
hiding spots
hey so I asked know what do you want to
do this weekend yes the first thing he
said was not open mail go to sky Zone I
know I told him we were just talking
about that
if you guys watch yesterday's long if
you were able to catch yesterday's vlog
we had some throat oh my god getting you
to jump right up if you guys watched
yesterday's while we had some great
throwback uh video and pictures and
nobody could see them so I want to show
you a couple ah look at this forget my
hair looks like Cain weird younger self
of your dad and then there was uh
there's this really cool video oh look
at you you're trying to get no one to
eat a warhead do you remember that you
weren't even born yet
you didn't even exist you weren't even
in mommy's belly we didn't even know
that it would be yeah all right so it's
Friday
usually Fridays consist of family time
could be my parents could be my brother
his wife and kids
we either all come here or we go to
their house and right now everything's
up in the air we have no plans as of
right now it's huh what do you guys want
to do what I want to go I'm just
Freddy's gonna be packed on a Friday
night let's for rent it ha ha come get
some chili I got to split one for me one
for you then we really put the only
plans I have this second is for me and
Noah to demolish Britney's famous chili
I hope you're ready dude cheese sour
cream
you smell that chili boy you smell that
chili boy ah having a dog that his head
reaches the countertops he doesn't have
to stand up is a problem you always have
to have everything to him he's pretty
good though
stir it up crack her up oh boy oh do you
want some chili this is gonna be better
this is gonna hurt more when you're like
19 out how is it it's a bit hot so I
haven't got a full taste not spicy I
just hot yeah how is it now
how's the chili Noah how is it it's just
so beautiful out maybe we go mud running
with the RC trucks hey here look say hi
I came out with vlogs
Wow scariest the scariest jungle off
please oh this is so scary
cheerful really good oh yeah yeah sit
sit
which one do you go for oh I love it
don't pop you drop it so much pressure
with this bear attack knowing this you
don't know what it's like looking at it
alone that looks like oh no it sucks to
get it oh now I got - alright - what did
he get you know I think I got him I feel
bad like my nail his gum he doesn't get
all right we have decided to go to my
brother's house
creepy there's something out there
there's something out there all right
just got over my brows what's up buddy
watching the office I see I actually
just started Wes you can watch that show
all day um they're running out so I'm
gonna send you on a mission you guys
know I've had a hole in my phone for
about two months and now the speaker has
fallen out and I'm sitting at it so the
speaker has fallen out or something so I
can only use speaker fun to talk it's a
panda but please see if you can find me
some replacement pretty I should come
back with the flip phone like you guys
were thinking the same no I need a
replacement I'll try I think we have an
upgrade
oh yeah okay I've dealt with it for too
long I have dealt with it I'm like yeah
it's fine I got two big cracks and a
hole in my phone I'll deal with it
but I can't now because I have to you
speaker from the top okay I'll get you
one hey guys the girls are gone that
means it's just boys this is me and
dales little game room actually it's
Dales
I can't take credit for this heat he has
designed all this himself just lets me
come over and play games with him what
did you got whoa oh holy cow that is so
awesome
here I'm gonna throw it ready whoa I do
this a lot at home I throw it up
not bad
Hey
oh I missed it I missed it here we go
here we go
hey whoa barrel roll
dude you can flip it Wow whoa sure know
how to do it push the handle in in any
direction now it does help like it loses
power so like you got to give it
throttle immediately after whoa
all right guys what would you do right
now Conrad Cain would you right now if
you looked out there and it was a clown
staring at the clowns are happy there's
coyotes out there I believe you
cute little dogs staring out oh I can't
see anything oh here we go
we're live ladies and gentlemen Dale at
woods basement 2016 are you ready
dollars are awesome
haha
cuz they made so much how long do they
stay lit how long did you stay lit they
just fade out yeah that is sick
we have showed you guys this before
Dale's got one of the coolest drum sets
ever down here and Noah is about to have
a drum lesson are you ready yeah oh yeah
so no one wants a drum lesson here we
all Dale Edwards basement he didn't
drive our car and burn daddy dad he ran
with Daddy and now he's about to learn
how to plate up yeah uh-huh
are you ready for your drum lesson or
you just gonna cry cry like a baby
fly when I hit it with this water and
you gonna die I don't know what I'm
doing a sand of waving hey my
girlfriend's back and she brought a lot
of good food I felt like I was standing
side Drake no joke
sure hey huh I'll know Drake is just
okay so mission complete good good job
yeah Oh shiny Oh shiny I wanted to eat a
lifeproof case for to my life proof so
if you drop it doesn't break I won't
drop this one not only she find me a new
phone she got us Madden going down
sucker
oh you think you're gonna be beating the
old
but not aa I bet this scruff so
complicated now let's try it with Plato
right now these four players up up down
down up right yeah we are about to play
some football you guys if you want to
see a spud I think we should do a gaming
video we've never played it going down I
don't even know what a good team is I
know nothing about football oh yeah uh
then the bills go to the Dolphins this
year the pills go to the Dolphins I
don't know
here we go Dale's the Dolphins ball you
get a ran in Oh two seconds left two
seconds I got this I got it
stills beat me oh good job
yes you kicked my butt oh wait oh there
ain't no where I'm going for the
two-point conversion ah he's not over
all right I guess I'll just punt it so
your fourth he's going for it
Oh interception hi Dan Dale beat me
straight up to make hip hop wheels first
element that's whenever we play any
football games taking my losses and
going home had a great time we're going
home right now God Boardman back home it
got really late really fast it's jammy
time what is it is it a turkey baster
mere spiderman boy oh he's ready to pull
yeah cuz we've been gone we've been gone
he's probably been sleeping a whole time
we need to get Zeus some big a big
onesie pajama we're aware that our time
go it is tomorrow it's today tomorrow
sit-outs technically its current day
they practical get too lazy yeah really
January night as of 21 minutes ago and
it's already been nine days out of our
New Year is already gone you'll never
get it back you'll never get those days
back trace is right I'm awesome dad to
chapstick ball chapstick more you're the
greatest kid in the world I love you
well boy it looks like it just me and
you
we're out here for the long haul get
these videos how do you even do that how
do you even boil your food all over
gotta edit the vlog tonight so we need a
fresh day tomorrow me and my brother
gonna film a really cool video I can't
wait to do I don't even tell you what it
is yet but just in case it we don't do
it I don't wanna hype it is that what
you want boy come get your overspill
towels that is what you wanted is that
better than the toilets all right guys
it is time to end the vlog it is um you
know what I hope you enjoyed today I
tried to give you honestly a little bit
of a different vlog today I tried to
film usually when we filmed blogs it's
like Oh that'll be exciting let's film
that today I tried to film what wasn't
as exciting um I don't know how I did I
really thought I had seen the footage I
hope that you enjoyed either way um I
just I just got to say thank you over
and over
I probably will thank you guys at the
end of every vlog that I ever make it's
just so cool to see what we have created
not just me or you know you individually
us all of us it's insane it's amazing
watching the toy I watched the toy drive
vlog yesterday and it just like it did
something to me it showed me our power
showed me what we have created and you
guys are doing this smile more message
with me and it's just beautiful it is
beautiful it is a movement man smile
more is turning into a movement and
we're living in a day and age where
there's so much negativity everything on
the news is negative the world is trying
to bring you down the best thing I can
do every day is try to lift you up even
just a hair if I do that I'm happy I
don't want to get too off track here
I really don't I just want to come on
here and thank you guys seriously thank
you it is unbelievable go through the
comments section it's beautiful you guys
are amazing people thank you for being
here
I will see you tomorrow don't forget how
beautiful you are you're one of a kind
people want to be you go get it
smile on it sound like a friggin horse
here we go there's no turning back go
