you want to do my intro you want you got
to ready go hey hey guys what is going
on do it
hey hey guys what's going on today we
hope that you're having the perfect day
I hope it's great hey everybody say hi
Oh fellas I plan that's been missing
since New Year's it was almost two weeks
a week and a half a full solid week that
all being said guys it is time I'm tired
of waiting grandma you ready to blow
something up might as well that's what I
love that that's what I like I like your
attitude might as well make a little
workstation here
all right so I know you guys have been
waiting on this so have I we're not
gonna do the big cannon today but I'm
gonna do the 300 missile RC remote
control missile launcher we can put it
on a helmet and then you can run around
with a helmet on what the missiles
coming off that sounds like you guys
want to watch this are you doing it now
yeah I'm gonna do it today
not right now in the second but in a few
minutes yeah I'll rig it up I'm gonna
figure out how to get it on here okay so
while I'm doing this I figured it'd be a
good time to teach you guys a slipknot
this is my favorite knot you can use it
for airing you'd be surprised how many
times you'll use this all right you
ready
come on tripod so this is called the
Slipknot
you basically just tie your object get
the get the thing go all the way around
put a loop in one side this is super
easy I promise you'll use it all the
time especially for tying things down in
the back of your truck you make your
loop put your other side through the
loop and you can pull this is tight as
you want you can literally turn it into
a guitar string now this is the best
that I know how to do because these
little Rockets are coming out there's
nothing to hold onto
once you have your loop made you put
your string through it and all you do is
tie your simple little square knot like
that and you can do as many as you want
I usually do two and then that sucker is
tight okay I got it pretty secure I mean
look it's not it doesn't budge it's
tight I did a pretty good job of keeping
the rope in between the missiles because
I don't know if I push this if these
aren't gonna be able to come out and
they might just blow up right there on
the truck and of course I only use the
best rope in the world at wood rope with
one T it whilst we need I think we're
ready how do I put a GoPro on here oh if
I could get a GoPro check it out she's
all mounted up I just don't know if I
should film the truck or if I should
film the fireworks going up I mean cuz
that looks pretty cool let me check it
out or should we film the fireworks
shooting up no I'm gonna go like that
haha oh she's ready easy baby easy baby
ha ladies and gentlemen it is launch
time please take your seats
think I got it already before I launch
this I should say don't try this this is
just stupid ideas that I get and I just
put in the vlogs for your entertainment
I do it for you so you don't have to
write we also had a new dumpster
delivered you know what that means
big fan mail big fan mail you guys send
us so many boxes that the cardboard
alone fills a dumpster I'm not even
kidding so let's do this
you ready Keener's time oh there's no
more well she's in her safe spot okay
see the first thing we should do is test
it without you know I haven't even
driven this so you know I mean I like to
try and drive it yeah let's see if it
draws or hold that it's so heavy
Oh like nothing if it tips over we're
gonna be screwed here we go there's no
turning back
go
oh this GoPro got stock Oh stuff falling
yeah yeah
Luke Oh is a good man the GoPro over
your trucks on fire though no it's good
that's good
oh that's neat it wasn't as good as I
thought I bet at night it would look
awesome
yeah the grass is too tall I think
usually guys pull the shells from New
Year's would you guys think it was as
good as I thought it would be you liked
it yeah lotta noise there's only $10 a
ticket so you guys only spent 20 bucks
okay so the truck I ended up it was it
was bad move on my part the GoPro fell
down and then the front tire ran it over
so I was stuck Oh
alright guys not gonna lie not really
the turnout I was hoping for I thought
it'd be a lot more maybe it's because
it's so bright out you can't see you
can't see the missiles the sparks you
know any name so but that looks pretty
rad the truck came out unharmed perfect
looks new maybe I'll try again once it
gets dark or we just got to step up the
fireworks whose as Zeus
come on Suze let's go back in I don't
know if I got that he was just riding on
this six Hey what you thinking in
fireworks our seas drop it
good boy Caine doesn't even faze him
see that wasn't bad at all you could
easily get shot with those you wouldn't
even get hit that wasn't bad
but the mortars are pretty big head is
he yeah anytime catch him in his mouth
oh shoot I don't shoot Adam he's so
funny like it when he does like so Zeus
is obsessed with Nerf darts he doesn't
eat him he just wants to catch one so
bad and then he just drops it I see it
catches it drops Wow
okay all right all right guys so tonight
this evening we wanted to bring a little
something different to the table that's
Q and a mall malls here we've never done
a Q&A with MoMA
no sorry about this and gains back there
they had a question from Sebastian
Sebastian we're gonna go with that when
are you guys going skydiving are you
going with us I don't think so
you will just get I mean I know I don't
mess it maybe you want to risk a diving
yeah yeah your fingers all go oh my
goodness that's completely illegal on so
many levels
Annie wants to know what's your favorite
social media when you watch my what your
favorite social media Leigh where do you
like to post the most this the most what
on social media is it insta tweet your
Institute I don't even know it the
Twitter ground I don't do anything
are you snap Booker or face chatter that
was that was pretty
yeah that's which one what you say about
a booger do you guys think you'll still
be making YouTube videos when you're 69
I exact same one for Leslie do you think
you two will be YouTube when we're 60
years old well you only have like 10
years
ha ha ha ha ha
what was your reaction when you found
out that I was getting Brittany oh my be
honest yeah well I did I thought it was
kind of yucky yucky yeah I heard that
really yeah I didn't really there you
have it folks
yucky yep Kentucky you didn't want us to
be know you wore a diaper on your head
that was a man day I'm not a diaper I
was a guy growing up where do you see
your family in 10 years 10 years that's
what do you think that I'll be 88 I'll
probably be in the ground ha ha in the
ground
mama what was your first car yeah what
was Mama's first car I learned to drive
in a mercury mold greatly we were
naughty it was always nice to put your
leader shift on the fork like this oh
yeah yeah it was about 18 or 20 hide
upon no is an old old old guard an 18 or
20 turn 20
like 1918 yeah I'm your agent 18 it's
the same time I used to all the blocks
to the pyramids yeah exactly because if
I don't get pranked then I think he's
mad at me I'll sign your crane - got a
new card never who's scared to get
pranked here I've never got high
you always get good things out of your
friend when I got blown up the floor I
didn't get no ha ha ha you got a hug so
Mama's dream was to see Las Vegas before
she got put in a hole it was when I told
her so we told her we were gonna fight
this was when we were living in Los
Angeles in 2015 we told her she was
gonna fly out to Los Angeles
when she got there we had a rental van
and we took it a las week it's in the
vlogs but we took her to Las Vegas for
what the weekend
yeah two days and then we both got like
deadly sick whatever was in Vegas didn't
stay in Vegas
nope they came home with us and we were
sick yeah sauce and your parents were in
Vegas for a trade show yeah we met up
with knowing that up with that as long
as I didn't get sick
no believe robbing a knife you too badly
do you remember your first boyfriend if
so what did he look like
and how old were you I can guess you're
walking out of the stable climbing off
his horse
hey all right my first boyfriend was I
was a sophomore in high school sophomore
that's kid grade right that's how you
guys times a challenge
his name was Jimmy Jimmy
Neal Marlboro Man no he wasn't and he
went to the Navy in 10th grade in the
Navy was older than I was
Oh runs in the family
all right that was that was a really
quick cute at least I think it was quick
maybe maybe it wasn't quick thanks for
joining us my long very welcome so since
it's Thursday for us we thought we'd do
a little bit of throwback we found on
our old computer which is now in Kane's
little classroom here we found a whole
bunch of old photos
this is Kane's first time on a horse
first horse ride ever and you stop that
horse right yeah it's my mom's force
keep going and then I probably got off
and just held him on so this photo must
have been taken right around the time we
started the blog channel because he had
this aura how did he get that again he
helmet fell no it was into the trashcan
the wooden truck oh yeah
all right into and that was like our
very first vlog he had that so this has
to be about two and a half years old
that Mommy that's a pretty one of Mommy
what she's doing there ah uh your cousin
Ashley and I did a photo shoot and she
wanted to do some penis hack me oh
that's Noah's Valentine's Day box I made
and he won an award for that ah all
picture no in our old house me and Noah
took forever we built this Lego set I
had his long blond hair kings so baby
you can tell by the little tiny beach
yes little family pic right here a
little canners hey this was before a
vlog channel right here guys we did not
have a vlog channel yet I love this
picture I think I just got home from a
trip I think that's when I went around
the world I came home and that's the
picture we took this is one of my
favorite pictures ever actually hit a
lot of meme websites this is a Britney
and I which happens to be a wonderful
picture of you but my buddy John you
guys know John photobombing us and it's
so good I mean it is like it is like the
best photo bomb and you look gorgeous
got that button
who is that is it you know not you know
that's know uh I wanna know D is he's
probably about your age he's younger way
yeah yeah
carrying around a Victoria Secret bag Oh
miss Lowell know uh like same hair yeah
you guys look at mommy
that reminds me of Kane right there
who's that this is a super classic guys
nobody's ever seen this picture this is
me and Noah look at this look at my hair
you remind me your younger self of your
dad like Zeus there's a good one
I'm sure that's it see those little
zeusie he wasn't he was already big when
you came along yeah I'm not feeling any
mom you're trying to get known to eat a
warhead
what happened he ate it that was a
warrant
which is something funny as little Noah
he was probably your age oh it's such a
throwback this is such a treat for me
Bret just said this is probably one of
her favorite pictures of Cain I don't
even know if anything is that Cain yeah
are you sure
wait what'd you just do to me now he's a
monster
wait look how cute you used to be now
you've turned into a that ain't no happy
child
so this will show you like even when
Cain was a baby I was trying to get him
to drive RC cars check it out he's
trying to figure it out
this is Cain trying baby food maybe for
the first time I don't know I likes it
maybe not Amy I don't know it's so funny
how much he looks like an old man that's
you trying baby food for the first time
looks like you like in it alright guys
hope you enjoyed a little bit of a
little bit of fun outside of some Q&A
some throwback it's kind of a weird vlog
today but that's all we have for you
these little guys this little guy little
green me you look like a green bean came
anyway everyone keeps asking me why I
keep reaching for my lens it's because
the plastic piece that opens and closes
gets stuck halfway when I start
recording so I always push it down I
don't even realize I'm doing it so I'm
gonna try to cut that out I love you
guys thank you for the love and support
for all the shares for the likes you
guys just do it without me man asking so
thank you if you got if you guys would
like more QA and more throwback pictures
please tell us in the comments I have
such a good time showing you guys old
videos and pictures before we were
vlogging and it's just fun it's just
once I guess I know we will see you
tomorrow guys your beautiful smile mwah
hey guys welcome to cooking in the
kitchen hey guys hey guys welcome to our
cooking show
welcome to the at word Smith cooking
show hey guys welcome maybe we should
just stick to vlogging like just holding
the camera yeah I think you do Oh
