hey guys what is up what a heck of a
morning hey beautiful
yes we are completely out again I've
never even seen it flash zeroes it's
just been flashing thank God we made it
just made it into my little hometown
this is where I grew up man
the canal was all drained and frozen
anyway super rough morning I was in the
bathroom provide two hours stomach just
terrible stomach problems I don't want
to talk about it all right we made it
made it
oh homestead it's fine it for a little
late okay we have a UH I really told you
guys about this but I've had like this
sharp pain like a nerve in my butt cheek
for like two or three months and it goes
all the way back down to the back of my
knee I'm getting old on right is that
what it is
has nothing to it it's just getting old
I think anyway I'm going to my
chiropractor up in there forever but he
always helps so much oh we got gas now
okay good a little horsey moving mm-hmm
hey guys I just took my treats out of my
pocket I had Zeus treats in my pocket he
really blew it
hey guys so welcomed they just want
treats that they don't want us well when
I came here all the time one of my back
was hurt I would bring him one look at
their sniffing it out that is the pocket
they were in usually you sure they're
not nothing I ate him on the way up
here's my symptoms sharp pinch and leg
and but I like it right there that's a
common spot yeah I was by far the most
skeptical human on chiropractors I was
like yeah I can't nothing for me wasn't
I and you dragged me in here like years
ago oh it's like have a superhero fish
you it literally fixes you so nice I'm
falling asleep so I just got an
adjustment right yeah
like Oh month because I was working
full-time sorry little office this is
the only thing I know like it's taking
place we just knock mouths just rebuild
you leave this stuff man yeah okay so
much to do so little time to do it we
got to go we got to pick up merch lots
of merch for the smile more store in
this car if it's not mad no he's got to
pick up some little stuff ah
we have to get you know let's just let's
just go so I tell you what we have to do
you're gonna turn off the law
hey mo watch man you look perfect always
yeah
she pays me five bucks every time I said
I thought it was for price way up we
just we just arrived up to where we get
all our small more merch done and these
guys are always running so many of our
shirts on show you their clothes right
now
if you watch these vlogs for a long time
you know how they make these these are
the machines they use to make our smile
more t-shirts check it out
it's awesome
so we get one of these for the basement
yeah so each size t-shirt has a
different size print so like a kid's
smile more would be smaller so there's
different screens for all different
sizes that's crazy
no idea how to do it but I love the
process I love it yeah this is the dryer
runs through like a pizza oven it's not
every day you gotta tractor crews in
downtown he's gonna playing too much
Grand Theft Auto right there downtown's
looking a little rough we had to run
downtown pick up some samples of some
smaller products which way am I going it
depends on which way you want to sorry
Aza I don't know I said watch traffic
traffic and low traffic 670 or
background ah you know I'm just gonna
start wait schlager right
hi my vlog inside the car sounds crazy
in these alleys
just cuz I can't adjust it I just
readjust it it yeah I am that guy parks
his car all the way out the middle of
nowhere always up against the curb so I
only have one chance to get in door ding
all right you eliminate it by half never
laughing here you went to cross and that
lady and let's hit you with a I almost
hit her she almost hit me
we're about to hit again okay so about a
week ago about a week ago we ate at as
Mexican place we fall in love with it
and we're sitting on the sunny side
together she's like I don't want to
interrupt you all the vlogging so we
haven't done this for how long has it
been since you sassy
well because I'm feeling like your elbow
actually because he's chair stuff I just
want to be romantic
no you can't smell romantic without your
sitting room huh so the lady just walked
by that didn't want to be on camera she
she said the employees back here kind of
freaking out because we're here which is
crazy to me and I asked her what these
are they brought us an entire platter
out like she said this doesn't even come
like this this is like a special place
it's not okay guys ruins any wasn't
gonna block it and I'm like no you Wow
look at that I've been trying to get my
family and I hope your diet maybe
there's strawberry there's strawberry as
I got strawberries
I'm not eating how do you think I keep
this figure hey I got a I got a farness
I've never been asked to do this sign
there tree I don't know who they think I
am are you ready here we go whoo you're
ready dance after that drink you had hey
big shout-out to uh sure
is it really big shout out some guys
treated us like we were I don't know who
they think I was or we were right yeah I
don't know what you're dancing to I
switch the music in the vlog make it
look so bad
are you gonna put your car closer oh
yeah we got a run over here joint me
pick you up baby doll baby come with me
alright we're running into re-up on our
smoothie mixes look it's it's Roman
fruit you can't spell romance Co these
are some fresh dead even they just
brought the whole branches down here
what that's pretty awesome Brittany
Brittany's trying to Brittany's trying
to put together this crazy contraption s
jar of mystery a medieval mixture that's
supposed to be like the most toxic drink
on the planet no but it's healthy it's a
cleanser it's supposed to get rid of
bacterias and it's all-natural it's an
all-natural like in my eyes okay list
off just a few things that are gonna be
in this job
apple cider vinegar okay that's not bad
garlic okay
onion okay hot peppers okay ginger okay
oh boy thank you tumors Tim right I
don't know if I'm saying that right
that's it yeah
and that's all gonna be blended up and
into a liquid no it's a solid but like
it's really complicated like after two
you let it sit for two weeks and keep
draining the liquid out and then if you
like crazy busy wanna cure it yeah okay
the crazy
she says it's healthy but I really think
she's trying to murder me
onions I can do that what is that what
is that I don't know Buddha's hand for
possessed do you know what this is
you're you're starting to look like like
you're you're brewing the witch's stew
should I get you one of them big black
box and stir the cover you're pretty
with whitey no stupid you don't have to
how are we gonna get all that and that
and the trunks fool honey what are you
doing see it is a grocery getter I know
it's a grocery hmm anyone's home Perry
is now my buddy
hi Zeus I'm huh yeah dog drew all over
you
daddy got the loving first hey little
tank top man
sweet tank top bro
come here ah come on
hey we uh you know guys we owe
we sat here most of the night we were
like you know what can we do for the
vlog what can we do for the vlog vlog
short what can we do and then we realize
what's up fun we can do well that's what
we kept salmon then we realized why are
we do think things just for the vlog hi
so that being said we're not doing
anything fun for the vlog this is just
our vlog today and I know it's probably
short it's just our day it was we love
you guys I hope that you can enjoy the
short blogs let me know today's comments
if you like the short blogs - I know
most you are you meet mommy up elbowed
me ah we love you guys we will see you
tomorrow thanks for all the support over
love and bye guys we love you we'll see
you tomorrow mom one let's carry me that
damn wakey-wakey I try I try to get
grandma but I just about burnt my face
off whoa
