Oh
yeah what's up guys good morning welcome
to the little outlet house yeah Brett
just started us out with some beautiful
smoothies I mean like the best of the
best now you're just looking for things
to throw in yeah what about that yogurt
ah yeah show him what you've done what
about 15 minutes he snapped this little
guy so I've been trying to superglue it
the best I can
looks like it's gonna hold it's right
there but that is just the life of
driving our seeds you break on that is
what they're designed to do actually I
think they're more designed to break so
that you have to finish the yeah guys
welcome to our home where we were just
getting started off today and we're
hanging out I don't know what else to
say Noah is that Owens he should be here
pretty soon I think
go for it oh good
down me what am i doing I'm building a
little pit station for me and Keynes RC
cars on the counter with the rug well
this is we don't even hardly use this
rug it's not look there's just a little
hair in it it's cold out in the garage
No okay so Kane and I went out a little
bit this morning and I won came up a
little bit taught him to run slow on his
RC for a little while and while I'm out
there trying to get him not to break his
I broke mine check it out
that's why I need it that's why I need a
pit station well I got lucky
see and then I ended up finding all the
pieces out in the yard
hey are you part of my pit crew smoothie
boy that's an Allen screw
yep that way you got it we're gonna take
the shaft off so we can fix it my little
mechanic we made an awesome kid together
look at this dude I know he literally
sticks his tongue out at Eastwood yeah
was I just making I was just saying I
want us do my handyman see everybody
does that not every other day let me
help you blood whole time he's driving
his truck last night show him what you
do okay I feel like he just started it
uh it goes way down all right buddy
we're all back in business haha I'm glad
I could sit here and he's literally same
words I have like am I supposed to know
what that is me what are you talking
about
simple fix up should be fixed for
another ten minutes out there
put her on a screw or something like all
that stuff and I'm sitting alone honey
it's called a Phillips screwdriver so we
all bundled up ready to play yeah one
hand one hand driving so we got like the
greatest area ever for RC trucks right
now because of our building going in we
got all this dirt bumps and ramps are
you ramping on top of me oh yeah guys
just goofing off with my boy driving
some RFC's always always good bonding
time it also teaches Kane a lot of
responsibilities because the truck is
super powerful and he has to learn to
drive it slow and responsible good job
ready you think you can drive past the
camera I'm gonna put it here like yours
on muddy here let's try it again without
daddy wrecking you ready you got to go
by the camera go for it you hit me again
Oh ankle-biter uh I'll get it did you
try it
you might have a lot more traction turn
your wheel all the way yeah that's it
throttle full throttle okay let go let
go you might need a better battery you
better you might be getting love Zeus
hey what's this what is it
come on oh he's ready are you ready huh
how's that wait wait
get your ball go get your ball get your
ball Zeus he doesn't want it oh he wants
it oh he wants it oh oh oh come on two
wheels
bobby's oh he's gonna uh he wants he
doesn't know how to get it good boy Zeus
get it get your ball you earned it good
boy
was that funny this is crazy your
battery dad oh it's almost dad we got
carrot we got taller
and these trucks are just too big to
carry in our day a little trash bag
there we go funny
where we going to garage so home stretch
baby we made it cane hey that was fun
dude I had a lot of fun with you and
Zeus okay so Noah is back hi buddy hi
we're making robot heads
apparently I they just drug me into this
come here robot marking my eyes are so
you who uses oh you guys are scary
robots you need a smiley face can ya I
want you to make on your mouth they just
drug me into this I got my handy-dandy
exacto knife remember back when we tried
to make like the cardboard weapons yeah
machine gun
I did that with just a little knife
that's pretty spooky what you need can
you know mommy's got the kitchen game on
lock today holy moley said tying chicken
uh just seasoned chicken earlier and
what'd you make me and the boys she's
all like cheesy really--it oh no that is
why can't I
checking mate yeah shake and bake this
is for salads hey stop stop right there
no no no yes stop that's it that's all I
wanted to do you're in here just frosted
okay how about while she's doing that
why don't we go pick out a few boxes to
open for mail you creepy robot boys oh
my gosh mm-hmm
do you want to open mail oh they even
punch hey that one stares at you
this one just punches just like a random
video game words random things happen
hey do you want to open mail Noah wants
to open mail do you want open mail Cain
wanst open-mouthed Zeus take that one
that's a big one so we pulled a few
boxes from our massive mail collection
guys we have so much mail to open and I
think we need to again dedicate just a
video to mail but for tonight for what
we have time for we're gonna open a few
boxes up and let's do it
hey Roman no more worrying about finding
a fan when you travel man you guys
really think about me because you just
got I feel bad I got one of these for
Christmas and they're unbelievable from
the exact one but it was white what was
a different color yeah right so now I
have two of them so yeah like Britney
just said I stay with certain people so
maybe I can leave one there thank you so
much this is from Alan D uh you guys are
awesome thank you so much oh wait what
is that
this is for Macy's dude that is for
movie night right there for my milk
chocolate popcorn are we gonna try to
watch a movie tonight from Ryan Voss
Brian Voss
yeah thanks thanks so much Ronny musty
just shifted from Masons
yeah who's next who's next
what you got there boy all right I like
your thinking half the page says read
and vlog the other half says don't read
and walk so here we go Roman and fam
hope you like the controller smile more
from Mk controllers oh this is I should
have talked to this guy before
uh let's see it Wow cool Kane sent us a
whole controller Joe huge thanks dude
this is too much beautiful control it's
all custom like splatter paint on it
there it is definitely gonna get
seriously used in my house thank you Joe
@ MK controllers oh gosh
Oh what are you guys trying to do it you
didn't you just say you son eat better
but for the record they sent it before
they knew that this is the good vanilla
- looks like Ravin cake for a movie
night cake chocolate popcorn nobody
holding that resolution hi what do we
got over here you guys move so quick Ken
here's a big goodie box
farts around the world oh I like this
guy what is that guy he's from adventure
time ah jeez so Liam from Montana sends
us a whole bar he says in his note that
he sent everything he could fit in this
box so thank you buddy
lots and lots of goodies yeah you going
for the big guy what is it bellows are
you sure that they're actually pillars
in the must canes like bubble wrap
that's what's in this box not pillows
bubble wrap yeah my gosh look how much
bubble wrap you told him I snore didn't
ya
well this is a huge gift don't look
cheap Hey look at this Wow like a hole
who sent these oh my gosh you're better
be I know is there nothing in the box
other than that right here Chris
O'Connell from California but there's no
note at all Chris well bubble wrap is
always a hit you can always have too
much bubble wrap like a loose just puts
this ball in the middle and waits okay
dinner's almost ready let's finish guys
just like you guys send some crazy stuff
these look like toys that's true I did
say that you guys listen well Oh
automatic rotating machine gun
Sidewinder I swear next year we're just
gonna wrap all your guys's mail and put
it under our tree his look this is like
Christmas again
Thank You Jenny for the very generous
toys to the boys I got your letter here
and hey she wanted to give the boys
something to show that I think they are
great kids and are so entertaining Oh
Jeff Adams age 13 he's been watching
five months every day so he's been
watching for five months okay what is it
this is what he says
from Jeff sent this crazy
a cardboard watcher thing I'm not sure
what it is I'm sure NOLA figured this is
from your favorite firefighter fan Conor
date what are you doing
let's see what we got here from a
firefighter he looks like an ornery
fella tweezers you need your own
tweezers there you go huh
sis you're calling crazy dude come on we
played all that that you were gonna be
so tired I've been throwing it the whole
time I thought you would be beat tonight
like Oh surprises us I guess
David Thornburg yeah that's it David
Thornburg let's see what it is enjoy
your gift and don't forget small more oh
my gosh hot sauce let me see what it
says what can't be as bad as that stuff
where they send us remember in the last
mail vlog it's like tiny drop just
ignited my mouth yeah and I'm tough man
you love that don't you
he is totally playing with these tanks
here like you let me slice this open
this is from Mike powers it's a board
and then inside here like little mounts
you can put clay pigeons like four
targets oh oh yeah I know we are gonna
sit back enjoy a home-cooked meal
Brittany made for us thank you no
problem what's good about that here's
one some blankets or snacks
all right we're skipping right past
dinner we're gonna watch a movie
together
whoa anyways we're gonna watch a movie
together I will see you in one second
we're gonna all sit on this couch and
watch a movie watching we're watching
ant-man everybody's in their own world
right now
geez I never seen a bullet stick to the
wall so we just watched a movie as a
family both kids Britney zoos we all
just watched a movie and as a kid I
could never figure out how it was
possible that I would look over at my
dad and he would be asleep every single
time not every time but I could never
understand how it was family movie night
and I would look over and he'd fall
asleep it was like inevitable it was
gonna happen now the reason I'm telling
you this story right now is because
tonight during family movie night I fell
asleep I am turning into my father it's
not a bad thing it's it's it's an honor
I'm just saying I never understood as a
kid and now as an adult I just I just
like father like son that's where that
saying comes from today I've had zero
pop no pop only water in the smoothie
Britney made today so only that smoothie
and water and usually I drink a lot of
caffeine and pop and so I've had none
today none gonna make a little coffee
and then I'm gonna do something and get
Britney's reaction all right here we go
here we go you guys are familiar with
these you've seen them in my videos well
maybe if you're not these are awesome
fireworks and this one this one shoots
300 little missiles right pretty cool
you set it down you light it and it goes
but what if what if
uh-huh what if when you set it down it
was strapped to an RC car
see what I'm saying so now instead of it
sitting still it's strapped to the RC
you'll light it and got three hundred
missiles attached to the top of this RC
car so here's what I want to do when
Brittany comes out I'm obviously I'm
gonna show like this right a part of me
is like now let's do it like this but
only in Britney's reaiiy we'll see how
ridiculous I can take this like
literally like imagine this it's meant
to be
oh hey first of all tell me that's not
meant to be
look at that fits exactly there or we
could go with the back shooter look at
that dang oh my gosh what you think Zeus
well you think buddy you won't go out
and do it do you want go outside do it
it's perfect it's so freakin perfect
look at this look yeah look like that
and you run from it you run from you I
have to drive it on the only one that
can drive it that's the stupidest name
what do you mean by a pursuit I would so
if I got your full fireproof seat you
would do it you would run from it now
you're putting this ha ha ha ha no but
isn't this awesome
like imagine that driving around the
yard just shooting boom boom boom boom
Oh 300 little missiles like this oh
they're like this oh my god we could
light them both it's the destroyer
use only under close adult Superman
adult no we're good out there for
outdoor use only we'll be outside
do not hold in hand I won't be place
upright and use only on concrete rest so
we can drive on the driveway no what do
you thinking uh huh
place straight up and now oh I can love
without I can level this out no problem
there it is there it is wanna test it
see if you even work oh no problem
honey you wake those boys up your put
them back to sleep
yo this is one of the single greatest
ideas I've ever had imagine digital
antenna placement Terminator music I
wonder when that cannons you know I want
to honestly when the cannons would shoot
it the the car would pop wheelie cuz
there's so much weight oh I'm sorry
we're just not gonna find that out what
if we put weight in the front
oh that's it I'm seriously thinking of
doing well if I put weight in the front
that I can't pop I can't hear a word
you're saying all I hear is fun you're
so dumb I'm leaving all date you told
her it's a good idea each other the way
what are you doing I'm hiding all the
rope'n baby I worked in a rope factory
for like a thousand years I can tie a
knot all day and not if you don't have
any rope
alright guys I'm gonna end the vlog we
ate two bags of that popcorn that they
sent it was good it was unbelievable
we're gonna wrap it up guys thanks for
hanging out with us today we had a great
day man Cain and I with the RCS
look at this guy you he never quits and
we play hard
we will see you guys tomorrow I am going
to drive that RC and light the sky
that's what's gonna happen
watch and I'm leaving it to kids all day
tomorrow you have fun your shoulders
look so weird right now but anyway guys
we love you we will see you tomorrow
thanks for everything who tell me who
thinks that's a good idea
yes or no I'll see you tomorrow thumbs
up this video if you think it's a bad
idea
no no thumb just comment good idea or
bad idea love you guys with Zita mom mom
one okay you guys see this steak house
over here
yeah years and years ago Brittany and I
came up here looking for somewhere to
eat nice like a nice place and we didn't
know what that place was we didn't know
we just saw steak house really let's go
have some steak right so we walk in
completely underdressed like we didn't
know it was like a dress fancy place we
