how many times do you think it's going
to take mediator
one time a one-time intro here we go
here we go that's not a good resolution
hey guys welcome back to another day in
the life of this little Atwood family
how are you guys I was one page right if
pretty proud of me right we've got some
sunshine today which has got us feeling
a little more alive than usual it's been
gray and rainy guys know we were going
up to do some of my favorite things look
at our seat cars you want to look at RC
cars we were just talking about what are
we gonna do if we get a new RC with Zeus
Zeus does not let you drive in RC car he
has to eat it doesn't he
if you watch yesterday's vlog Maya maybe
if you want yesterday's vlog you seen
what Zeus can do to an RC car that thing
is so wicked holy cow it's like a
crawler this is Ron this is the owner up
here he is the reason that I buy too
much stuff every time I come here all
the coolest toys in town all the coolest
it your selection is massive dude look
at that rocket
we don't have it you don't need my
brother Dale just met up with us you
ready to have some fun or what you know
we come in here it's like when we
destroy what can I raise one yeah yeah
the old metal parts so how old's this RC
I don't know maybe back 20 years I would
say probably in the 80s all right we got
some cool stuff guys what's the odds
there was a nail place beside here
Britney just let me see me and the boys
are looking at RC cars she gets her
nails donnas convenient you're just
always in there forever
okay so we're following Gail - it's like
a palace place you guys excited we got
some serious stuff I can't wait to show
you what we're gonna do you guys know
I've always been an RC junkie I'm like a
child when it comes to our Caesar
I love um I was but I was raised on like
back when you used to have to build them
now you just open them out of the box
and they're ready okay there's a nail
place I can go to my toes done well you
guys go eat every time we start you
something done so today
all right guys today we're at what is it
Firebird barbers tail has been here
we've never been here we're all starving
I don't think any of us really beat them
oh quit mates make the toast but it's
wearing off the time is it three ATMs
perfect timing whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
are you filming us checking out I think
you guys might have a new vlogger think
you guys might have a new vlogger soon
this kid is always filming and taking
pictures oh you blew my kiss I'm gonna
do it no one's gonna say it what are we
doing food blog he's the one that's
always like aren't you gonna do food
once we're gonna do it barbecue ribs
burger mouthful of food over here
Brittany's eatin Kane's mac and cheese
Kane's vlogging alright so we finished
eatin Britney just ran in to get Zeus a
new dog leash so they can go on this
crazy walk adventure thing every morning
where did he go ah so what are we gonna
do with these are C's guys what we gonna
do just want to play with them how about
we know I got some crazy little drone
that you can fly from his iPod or iPad
right iPod
well you don't fight from your iPod oh
you can just see whatever the drone sees
you put it on that's cool put it on a
little
so shut maybe you guys can help me I
want to do a crazy RC video let's just
imagine that an RC company would allow
us to do anything we want with some RC
cars what would we do what can we do
tell me
I want like I love our season wanna do
something like bizarre and crazy and big
with RC cars what can we do hey you got
up here really quick I don't even think
I noticed okay you guys see this steak
house over here yeah years and years ago
Brittany and I came up here looking for
somewhere to eat nice like a nice place
and we didn't know what that place was
we didn't know we just saw steak house
really let's go have some steak right so
we walk in completely underdressed like
we didn't know it was like a dress fancy
place we open it up there's only like a
few things on the menu right all of it
was like what soy since fifty sixty a
lot like it was expensive like sixty
dollars first thing we had to get up and
walk out of the steak house we had no
money we didn't know like like steak
house stuffs was like you know
Applebee's or something so we walked in
there we had to walk out of the
restaurant we did not have enough money
to pay for that dinner it was so
embarrassing like yeah we'll just start
with some waters I like we opened the
menus like we gotta go no it was so
embarrassing walking out of a steak
house everyone could tell ya always
chasing the day chasing that sunshine we
made it home check out this little guy
we're gonna build an indoor track here
he comes oh here he comes
did you see what I got
yeah you got some new Zeus stuff new
stuff for Zeus huh
we're back home I got some crazy new
cool toys this is this truck right here
is an exact upgrade from this truck this
is like the adult version right
here Kane is gonna step it up he is a
phenomenal RC driver
it's crazy no uh this is a sweet little
drone that Bluetooth to your iPod right
so what it whatever it sees you see on
your phone so you can drive around zuzka
Super Deluxe party pack
look at that Zeus you can put your you
can put your tennis balls in here yeah
come here
he's like heck no you can't showed it
that's a cool handyman put the knob on
Ricky you have to actually screw it into
the wood no problem
Paul this technology requires a lot of
setup in a lot of reading man daddy is
definitely lacking in that department
everyone's always like you're the video
guy and like no I ain't hold a camera
and edit that's I don't know how to do
this stuff that's wicked
well it's sick yes okay we obviously be
obviously know not to do it with Zeus
right yeah a little best do a little
lift off just a little honesty it move
Wow oh my gosh this is like I got a ball
we can play with the ball dig check
these out guys we're gonna build an
indoor little track that's just the
start of it
I don't know we had to have like real
heavy little rubber cones like they're
not plastic they're legit is it heavy
money no I got is that heavy is it
really heavy
what what is there's one more there's
bodies in here it's all of our groceries
the fuck besides like fresh meats and
veggies well who around here is eating
staplers what the hell I was home in
office Britney found out she says she
told the whole family she's like she
found out you can order groceries online
how did we ever get a day and age where
you can order groceries online it shows
up at your house what goji berries like
what does that can a couple days yeah
not this one though
you got her come on little Keener's whoo
while we're waiting for all the
batteries to charge and juice up we're
gonna go over to my brothers and do some
gaming I think you guys are you driving
our my me took you long enough
oh he's burning on me it's frozen solid
boy seeing stuff on oh oh that's it
Oh tails flying nose neutron
what's up Owen no no no no we're just
breaking it in get it breaking it how
did you get this jellyfish dude hey we
had imported from the Caribbean I'm not
at liberty to discuss they do look
pretty real Niall I had the kids
believing they were real and they was
like showing us fingers always gonna be
the cat's look real - Owen just came to
take you away you're leaving your daddy
sorry what have fun tomorrow I can't
compete with your friends ha how cool I
love you have fun trying to tip too late
I got big plans for you tomorrow okay
huh you hear that on that's what I'm
afraid of
I'd be lucky if one is when you go to
bed so you guys like the little retro
game play last week it was that last
week already what is happening Oh
anyway you guys like we're gonna go all
the way back California games definitely
don't remember all of this but we played
it a lot I remember the surfing and the
BMX there was hacky sack oh my gosh
hacky sack on the beat Eric on the beat
so we are setting up for a little retro
game style I didn't show you guys this
last time but when I got home and
started editing the footage we didn't
realize how much green tattoos that I
have mainly on the top part of my arm so
when we're removing the screen my arm
was disappearing isn't that crazy it was
it made it hard at it - you may you may
have noticed that in mine I'm wearing a
hoodie just so that we can remove it
easier here we go guys just were a la
pornea games escape this this is
old-school I'll oh yeah actually what
one was just made a 77 that one's up
halfpipe I don't know why it got press
first a may to start I'm sure you have
to like tap your right under the
Hollywood Sun
no you got a pump dude get the tapper
hole ha ha ha oh it's you what I said I
was tapping and it ended all this is
legit Tony homie little skater turn wait
I guess you we have to do I have no idea
sitting on the board yeah you're like
waiting to jump here I like the launch
pic OH
kill it I don't know what to do oh sorry
we maybe it's this maybe actually have
tapped forward by I pump it for a bit
ah why didn't give you two turns and
gave me one it's just one trophy dude
that was bad and Roman took fur it was
one accidental 180 won the football game
and now this book bag man I remember
this I remember that song oh ah pick it
up pick it up pick it up pick it luego
oh here we go oh oh are we going for the
foot flat head oh oh you got it oh yeah
do the graphics are unbelievable it's
crazy that when these games came out the
graphics were insane like real like it's
not getting any better than this yeah
well how can it get better than it looks
so real and now it's painful look at
it's like the mspaint
like if you draw ha ha ha little wiggle
go out baby
so you're slower backwards you're up big
time how do you flip run out of time how
long can you do that you're crushing the
floor I gotta get that bird oh that's
all I'm going to do right ok turn hit
d-pad over it it's been oh ha ha
next time try to spin hit it once and
then spin back around I get it let's do
it here we got 360 180
oh wow oh I can take it back in oh yeah
oh you killed it 11,000
okay we're one in one yes footbag that's
what's wrong I'm not out of this game
I'm not asking one of my favorites
I'm not a player now but no that's oh
yeah you have to ride the right wave
sideways you still got this I don't know
whether to push I think I just blaring
right no left is back right is forward
no no it's bad so you hit you hit left
to go right oh you got it all right
you may have to like carve there you go
remember whatever whatever angle you
leave the wave is the angle you have to
come back oh come on you were trying to
at the time so I still have a minute
yeah about this you know like three
times
oh you rectory my heats over all my wait
look see now that are not my best work
wait what you doing hey oh yeah oh yeah
just a do anything I don't know oh we're
lined up for a tie
what happens if no one gets a point now
we're on same thing I want it all I got
one more shop oh yeah
yes oh you got a two you won
dang it listen no you won
you got appointed yeah I want to try
that one again that's good skating oh
yeah I remember this one I have not
played neither one of us have played
this is the first time ah face smacks
you that looked painful
we have not played just since we played
it as kids so I so just a heads up
there's a super delay on the jump did
your cruising gotta get the boy you're
killing it
I want that go come on baby she's
definitely in that how you trick o KF
loves Jim know the stitches like you
don't come back from that he's not hair
that's blood yeah that's that's a me
faceplant all I got this dude
I used to be a skater chips oh oh oh
banana peel can you do tricks like spent
yeah somehow oh oh dead Bop Oh
61 oh she got skills you're broken
Oh like there's just a beach ball stuck
in motion dang me on that one
Oh what are we doing to them tied it up
this used to be one of my favorites
right here oh my god idea you're like on
a terrible mountain but it's not even be
a nice bike Oh wheel reminds me a rad
Jeff Jones
Oh mad well hide it like trying to do
some sort of like turn out so Lopez team
here we go ah dory ha ha ha this is me
what do you push it yeah and then B
jumps and then the d-pad trick boom this
is so unfair
wait how do you do really watch this oh
whoa
Lily Vanilli think it's so much me and
then blown away go hurry
I got coffee I got I got a photo op a
wheelie backflip Oh too bad hot shot
Allah tik you still crush me is that is
that you still crushed me flying disc I
did member this one oh this one was fun
alright so I want to see if to hit in
the green here and then back there we go
sounds about right
good luck bro I look good I don't think
you did it oh wait push the other I know
it's d-pad you don't need any of the
buttons there we go there we go nice
oh that's it yes and then you can
control your guy remember he kept oh
yeah I'm running oh man here we go
oh you gonna die for it oh my gosh oh
good wait till you move it here we go oh
yeah that was good you have to push a
button to catch cuz my guy did nothing
yeah yeah try to read what the sign says
is it yards or do not feed the Bears oh
now I'm getting points but for no reason
this was this game was all about having
girls fall on their faces I don't know
how to catch
she had a and it's just left and right
okay hi
it domains gotta be err be right or it
wasn't a a times definitely not a go oh
come on you got a Ziggy the man flying
discs result that's it Robert eggs first
read it
what's up wait what's that one say Oh
row row Robin number one all right let's
let's uh let's do surfing again doing
some events here we go we get we had to
read we had to redo surfing this was
definitely one of the funnest after the
day so if you leave it that angle you
have to return at that same angle oh I
get it you got it
I'll get this you got this ah the start
is so tough I guess that drop in is so
Steve you gotta tap tap tap go listen up
music dude let's go ahead and easy one
but I got time in the air did it hit him
oh I was pushing that I didn't like the
turbo button come on No Oh looks like a
lego shark
not a good start not again
yeah tap it fast I want to say a what
trying to get a at the same time I feel
like it's speeds like a baby pumps I
don't know hey I don't know turn ah oh
wait coming in oh I would have you more
points for ducking back towards the wave
oh the baby I don't want mom this little
Hawaiian dudes on it oh if you hold a oh
okay now will you now we can do it let's
try again time give that my phone 2.4
that's not bad not bad
all right I feel smoother now
kind of I feel like I actually need to
go out and surf to really get a handle
rubba try to one-up me here now my guy
was not going that fast oh yeah that's
gonna be tens Oh what happened what
happened something smoking guys we got
miscommunication wouldn't get him
technical difficulties and we're back
and we're back all right come on lock it
up
look ah the perfect endless wave -
literally you can ride I know no you
wreck here we go come on get on it get
on it
lock it up over score house it's my last
wave there we go we're going up all the
way rotate oh it's over here we're
actually breaking the game boom okay so
I had to bounce out of there Noah forgot
some stuff so I got to run it over to
him I hope you guys liked a little retro
video gaming you guys know I'm all about
family and a sit back with my brother
play some old video games it's great
it's such a good feeling I love it
I hope you did enjoy it if you did it
just you know what let me know you guys
want to see more games or or let me ask
you this and be honest what if I just
start a gaming channel honestly and we
just put up some fun gaming videos I
could have special guests I could have
fly in I can have other gamers here I
can like we can make it a big deal or I
can just put them in these vlogs so just
let me know
Roman make another channel for games or
just put them in the blogs that's wrong
guys thanks for sticking around watch my
family I know this is a lot of family
stuff that's what I've been doing this
family stuff and that's because things
are about to get really busy so I'm
soaking it up I'm enjoying I hope you
are too don't let it pass get on it
spend some time with her
alright guys I'm back home Cain went to
sleep
Noah bailed on me I got I got stood up
tonight man we had some cool ideas for
some RC stuff I guess I guess we'll
postpone that we have some fun stuff to
do with them I'm just gonna end the vlog
then Britney's already asleep I'm by
myself right now no I'm not I got you
buddy
I got you baby hmm I wonder if Zeus
slept on the couch while I was gone
like I said a lot of things are about to
get busy and I'm soaking up with the
family so thank you for being here
while we're just home like it's to me
it's the greatest time of my life being
home the double-edged sword of it is is
I'm required to be other places
sometimes so those things are about to
happen I love you guys
thanks for sticking around you are the
greatest tell me if you want the game
channel or just put it in the box
I love you I'll see you tomorrow mom won
you're beautiful
here we go whoa
