Oh what's up guys we are getting a crazy
weird starts today's vlog it is uh it's
New Years Eve
happy freaking New Year's because by the
time you're watching us it's 2016 it's a
new year
don't be embarrassed of me don't we are
hosting a little family get-together
tonight you guys know I got a bunch of
fireworks we got tons of junk paper
plates oh this is real like real shimmy
are we gonna pop champagne yeah all
right waiting shake it oh yeah I'm not
like it's a kick no go everywhere
let's get a couple in case we mess up I
have never seen this store this busy in
my life
you didn't come there for Christmas Eve
I guarantee we've been in here two hours
sixteen what it's not 2016 not yet it is
for these guys look Roman baby we got to
go machine chant
baby it's almost 2009 man it's almost
2016 you're so disrespectful go don't
you dare throw that no it's cherish all
the chips alright you just did
no I did it the chips are on the bottom
krummy there's a promise from 2016 guys
it's here it is here
oh it is time it's not here yet maybe
I'm talking into the future because they
watch this a day later please try to
understand tonight we're hosting a
little family thing like we always do
mom dad brother kids of some close
relatives we're gonna come over I got
we got snacks are you ready I don't know
how much pizza I think that's what
you're trying to figure out oh yeah just
how many pizzas we should order I mean
you should always have too much
there's a lot of you know there's not if
there is not okay
how many 20 people total probably why my
vlogging this this is super rock is
actually ice trying to order pizza
there's not that many people and ten
people I would say five large pizzas
would be more than enough was he having
got 30 people with extras that's 30 bees
so get like wings Pizza five large five
large pizzas plush like wings and look
this major Ohio snowfall guys hey you
ready to party yeah are you ready to
party oh oh I got you cups to drink out
of party cups you gonna be party in our
unified model yeah I guess you think oh
yeah guys look what I got
Zeus what are these these things are
crazy but wait what whoo look at them
party cups hey what do you do at
midnight Cheers
happy new years nice plane jacket or I
just squirt you with this juice
come over here you wouldn't throw it he
went through it I thought it was gonna
be louder I thought it's gonna be loud
we'll get I want to get P buddy with
that tonight with one of those things
hey you're leaving yeah I thought your
party with us nope well it's not a party
without you poor people start getting
here we're trying to organize the house
get some decorations out I need to do
something with that Britney's trying to
hang up you see we got some fun little
cups for the fam we've got some sodas
and different mixing drinks this will be
full ice we got the adult section is
this far enough from the kids yeah most
of them have little hands but they may
try to make their way up chips snacks
popcorn from fans actually sent that to
us
so yeah just trying to really show you
what we're doing today it's been a
little hectic start to the day but don't
you plan buddy hey you want to show me
some of your pictures you've been doing
oh yeah before everyone gets in here
this kid has mastered the selfie let's
show what you've been doing you've
already taken 252 photos since Christmas
and here will you just scroll through
I forgot this morning when we woke up
Cain was snapping shots of me
your little selfie man he loves you
stunts yeah sis
is this why you were on the toilet today
yeah Cain you're awesome look at them
big old blue eyes
this kid is killing the self like me and
brittle just be sitting or watching he's
just run around with his little camera
oh did you put a head on Zeus no mommy
mommy did yeah you're making videos now
they're awesome hey I got a go get no
okay let me see let me see
hey hey what was that there are two
signs today they have told me that I'm
getting older number one I considered
buying a trimmer for nose hairs that is
number one number two I'm driving with
windshield wipers on and it is not
raining guys it is 2016 for me I have a
few hours left I'm going to get Noah
right now I'm gonna celebrate it with my
entire family the best possible place
that I can think of to celebrate right
now with my family my kids bringing my
parents my brother is to everybody that
is my idea of the perfect celebration
this year it's been a big year for all
of us we have done a lot we've
accomplished a lot of goals that we
wanted to accomplish there is no part of
me that wants to slow down whatsoever if
I miss a vlog it's either I needed to
miss a vlog or I had to miss a vlog it's
just that that being said it is time to
kick it in guys not just me all of us we
got to team up this year of 2016
let's talk to each other let's help each
other let's turn this comment section
that we have we have built together into
a place where we can help each other for
real like we have such a powerful
community guys it's it's
I think we have one of the greatest
comment sections ever other than all the
spam guys pls know that any spam in the
comments is not me please look at the
way it's spelled I have a checkmark
beside my name don't fall for it do not
click on any links in that comment
section little bit about I don't want to
get too off-track right now I'm going to
get Noah we're about to start some
festivities have some fun hang out as a
family and of course you're invited
please stick around just getting back my
mom was just saying how good of a job I
did hanging the curtains unbelievable
you like it or you hate it I'm
speechless
in case you missed the vlog I had to
duct tape the whole thing because it
broke I just do what I got to do the
party's starting pinball machines
stealing the show Dale is trying to hook
up I mean I can do it myself but we'll
go man I got it we have never ever had
cable ever I know that's hard to believe
we don't watch TV so for New Year's
we've been paying apparently paying for
cable for months and we've had this
cable box today's the first day we've
ever opened it up and we're trying to
install it and we've been paying for it
so we might as well wait
Happy New Year's little beautiful flower
Frank you look like one of them Vegas
girls I know the showgirls
yeah I like it I mean not because as I
knew things I don't know we're suffering
over here guys we cannot get our cable
to work we can't figure it out why maybe
try this yes forget it student than the
whole part I wouldn't even want to do it
either way it's winning professionals
two minutes let's see okay get the
internet to work but I'm on fire
Dale has found the internet game high
scores ha ha I forget how to duck to
know oh they almost got me with a double
did you go for high score yeah no one's
got 154 poison did dollars oh it's a 20
turn it into this funny
it goes up fast
yeah while your hair product
what you think was gonna help no more
you do have to move all right guys it's
time to pop the bottles wait what
happened my camera all right I'm gonna
film this baby
I've only done this one time last night
yeah look at everybody hiding is it
that's the game you got there sport yeah
I guess the court never played a good
game of catch you cork oh here we go
doesn't have a lot of pressure I wanna
see I'm just kidding
so even though it's like 5 degrees
outside you guys like the little fire
nice glasses girl all right guys it's
about time for me to do what I do best
ha ha I don't know what it is about
these things but I love a man good clean
fun it's freezing I'm not dressed for
this either I gotta find all the fuses
for all of these let's give them a free
a pre-party launch hmm come on Zeus
yeah all right
there we go we got all the fuses ready
oh my gosh haha looks like everyone's
ready for some fireworks that was just
the tease guys they got you out here
everybody come pouring out for one
fireworks out there look at my camera
phone with your remote oh man it smells
eggy in here face is never moving are we
cheers in this is alcohol non alcohol
non alcohol it sounds like wait what non
alcohol it's for the kids
so we're warping into night two minutes
two minutes thirty with 30 seconds I
also want to give a big THANK YOU to you
guys we hit 5 million subscribers
tonight on the blog Channel just before
the New Year's that is amazing amazing
what a good milestone to hit right at
New Year's here we got a lot of pressure
on me now for 2016 what's it gonna be
you got to at one minute
I just lied you party restating it out
Roma's lobster come here little Brit you
got everybody else warming honey hurry
41 yeah you do run she poisoned it guys
this is it for
where's my boys Claire Cain come here
come here come here we're gonna Noah
we're all gonna cheers hey seven six
I love you buddy
okay okay Cheers
look out lucky I'm a mom and dad so this
is a semi-auto saga shotgun as fast as
you can pull the trigger it shoots a
shotgun shell oh dang
you like some fireworks here we go
I think that's about it that's gonna
wrap it up
happy new year what'd you think buddy it
looks crazy out here dude
Lisa's not dry out I think we did it
somehow this doesn't look that bad
I mean consider usar you having fun
what's are you tired boy he's got time
to catch balls let's make a paper
airplane light the tail of it blow it
this is the fiery ER I don't even think
I don't know what oh yeah so somehow
we've turned the whole night in to throw
a magic fire paper shooting slim guy
everyone at your antsy fell Foreman yeah
all right I'm trying I'm no no no no
trying like haha how's that work
maybe step back
what it looks back here yeah because
it's instantly like that's mine all
right ready all right what are we doing
here he's he's gonna catch this okay
hang on watch the little on you you
ready to catch this yep one two can you
do it watch he's got a fart really bad
really bad as a heavy dumpling haha this
is how you drove this year oh my gosh
anybody wants bright bugs at 3:00 in the
morning
sorry it is 3:00 a.m. call just
delivered I don't know how many there we
go guys we got some bugs now baby look
at that you want it you guys know how
these things work they sell out so fast
if you want a pair of the bright bugs
with the Holograms these are the full
ones from a blog you guys watched a
while back just order them because they
do sell out quick you guys know that
like last time it took 40 minutes to
sell all of them so we are man I smashed
my lens tonight I don't know sorry guys
I don't go out it always happens
off with it rough baby this is the
aftermath man the after man no this is
this is unbelievable for having a full
night that was a fall it's 3:00 in the
morning any most times we just have like
family over it's worse than yeah guys
it's 3:00 in the morning happy New Year
to you we love you so much
um what's your new year's resolution
like what do you want to accomplish
that's a good do into that that's a good
question you guys know I was pushing you
guys to do this before the New Year's
but it is kind of a good day to just
like it is a fresh start fresh start no
matter how much you argue it it is a
fresh start so 16 is your year yeah baby
get your year yeah maybe she pointed
right at me you see that no I pointed at
you mine is I'm gonna tell you what mine
is and this is gonna be a lot of
pressure because I've kind of been
slipping up but I wanna I want to miss
way less vlogs it really is I really
want to get back you guys know I did 550
days in a row that was awesome I loved
doing that and now I'm looking at like
how did I ever do that so I really want
to get back to that I want to try to I
know when I still missed it okay you
wanna know why yeah I just want to feel
better like mentally physically just all
the crap we eat and drink
I just just healthier I know if I like
eat healthy I feel healthy and strong
and mentally I don't I don't think
you're in the dark on that one eating
better is on probably 90% of everybody
feeling better which is eating better
and like just being active it's a good
one it's a tough one too
that's almost as hard as belonging I
know guys we love you tell us what your
resolution is for 2016 you can do it
that's the cool thing I love you we love
you New Year you'll see them all smile
more how come you know where your snow
shoveling gear
