what's up guys hope you're having a
beautiful day it is a little gray rainy
downtown Columbus today not really
important to you at all I don't know why
I even show you that I got to give a
huge special thank you shout out to you
you guys have been insanely in tune with
the daily vlogs incredibly active you
guys have been destroying the channel
and I don't know what else to do other
than to say thank you it is really
unbelievable and has got to this point
and that you guys are here and from the
bottom of my heart my family's hearts
thank you guys I cannot say it sincere
enough and just show you guys how
thankful we are to have you here every
day even through the boring days the
rainy days is the exciting days you're
always having fun with us so thank you
guys that being said I collapsed
physically yesterday I couldn't function
I was up 30 straight hours which is the
longest I've been up I can't remember if
I've ever been up for 30 hours straight
and I collapsed I did vlog yesterday
here's here's a little bit of it um I
don't know what else to say hey guys
welcome to the out wood house we got um
well we gotta go I gotta go I am next
level her next level I saw a lot of you
guys said you guys you had to film that
snow video on your sick day no we filmed
it that night like that night we ended
the vlog and said we had we're working
on something soon as the kids passed out
that's all we did and we filmed it all
day edit it the same day ah glad you
guys liked it say bye to Christian
get him Christian welcome or is it
waiting for you in a lake I get more
that good god how it is Valentine's Day
more snow for you homie all right as I'm
leaving Christian never seen a real snow
and real life fall from the sky so this
was a cool trip for him it's cool for me
that I let you experience that with me
but I love that all right dude
absolutely thanks for everything I'll
see you uh tomorrow in LA
all right you'd be safe get some sleep
run it on fumes it's gonna be a nice
change of pace guys we're out we are
leaving for Los Angeles super early
tomorrow morning 6:00 a.m. is you guys
know how I am in the morning look at
this guy
you don't care you don't give a rip so
I'm off to LA tomorrow on the crazy
thing is is when I get back home this
entire building will be done completely
they put the shingles on today can't see
it so here we are guys it's a brand new
day we still got a little snow kind of a
crazy story I crashed so hard last night
just mentally physically with exhaustion
that I had Brittany rebook our flights
which I'm supposed to be in Los Angeles
right now so pretty literally rebooked
our entire flight I wasn't going to LA
today but happen so it's funny how
things work out because I cancelled my
flights to Los Angeles last night slept
really good and then got a call today
for some personal things that had to be
taken care of if I wasn't home it could
be a big problem so it's funny
everything always works out for that
exact reason and uh what about the
drivers saying
can you guys imagine having an office
like this one day 15 for this giant
building looking out of the city let's
just sitting there waiting for you like
that hello I just found this hanging off
the door oh hey that's how you enter a
house Wow I feel really loved you how
come I don't get a welcome like that
grandma
Zeus miss me look at him there is get
over here oh it's a little different
than mommy sit hard ah I got you
something oh I got you sir Oh me Betty
what there get back here Punk
oh geez you got a nice present here what
is this
happy birthday mail oh I got the inside
I'm so awesome no need for all our
bathroom stuff in it perfect peiser's I
see you too I see you alright it's time
for a big trip we blow we were supposed
to leave this morning to Los Angeles
that's been postponed to tomorrow
morning super early this is what we got
back so far are you serious hi we are
waiting in the airport yeah we'll be
gone by then we can have a birthday in
here for airport birthday how many
people do that a lot the whole airport
sing for you baby probably what I would
note that
this kid's got energy got a lot of
energy look at him
come on mommy's gonna leave us come on
hey
this boy is hyper you can't take your
chair cane I need you
cane I need you to focus I need you to
pay attention I need you my Mulligan
what is it it's a it's a rat
hey that's hair you've never won that
our Saturday you did yeah I did not know
that that was in your hair yeah it's
just fishing streets
I wore it all night I never knew that I
thought I had a real girlfriend Foley
naturale
yeah what she had false hair yeah okay
bye my mom buzzers will be back
they are crushing this building man
three weeks away it'll be done
that's the ramp from the snow video it
literally built it that night it's crazy
are you excited you are yeah me too so
we just got out here it turns out we're
turning around
because my mom and dad just got to our
house I thought they were coming later
six
it's 554 they're early they're they're
really really alright we're not getting
anything
I need kind of stupid I need deodorant
can't travel without the other we did a
little u-turn out there didn't we back
home
whoo hey welcome to my house here she is
yelling name oh that's nice
so my parents brought some delicious
ribs what is that a sub yep hi and some
birthday presents you know where we got
the words at where Adams Adams room
house
she got some birthday yes what is he
saying they gets what is it all your
fruits and vegetable vegetables we can
make homemade french fries yes yeah this
is my favorite thing you got I know I
love it it's a journal I have a feeling
we're not in Kansas anymore
yeah that should go on our pinball
machine she write our high floors in
this look what do you mean hello
casserole dish stainless awesome one
right back out I'm gonna go get Noah
I'll be right back okay you enjoy your
dinner
mama know you're gonna be here I don't
think so I'm good
I've been trying to go home but I was
waiting on the washer you're waiting on
ribs don't lie to me
you're right not in barbecue good she's
in the washer hey help me write that you
didn't hear that
your shoes are in the washer does
anybody else wash their shoes in the
washer and dryer
she puts my shoes in there without
telling me all the time like dang my
shoes look nice
put Adam there in there mom won't put my
shoes in the washer I know look look
guys I don't I don't even know what's
going on with this vlog I feel like I
should apologize we're jumping
everywhere in my heads you guys know
that natural born pranksters movie
trailer comes out tonight well it's out
by the time this vlog is up
there's no video hit number one on
YouTube today which feels so amazing I
know it's because you guys sharing it
tweeting it always showing all your love
so thank you again again even better
surprise you guys know I leave for LA in
the morning and I didn't get to see Noah
today in fact we weren't expecting to
get to see him and I just got a
last-minute call ty can you pick him up
so I'm going to get my boy Noah that's
going to make me relax a little bit and
we're just going to visit with the
family and get as much crunch time as we
can before la Lucy and Roman tour Roman
force pussy tour lots of stuff happening
man so stick with me bear with me the
secured vlogs and I don't know what to
say what up little man hey how's my boy
to see you I'll squeeze your head off
let's go come on grandpa there we're
home
so it's getting really foggy out there
say like three to five inches of snow
which if we get that I bet my flight
will be once again moved up you know why
it's foggy out what makes fog you guys
know what makes fog why me fuck is a
cloud but why is fog exist
it's when the ground is warmer than the
air you get fun I know I'm a genius I'm
the only one in the world that knows
that so what happened it got warm today
the ground heated up temperature dropped
ground is warmer than the air you got
foam
and now you know we're back to the house
for like the 15th time today back and
forth no no I couldn't he couldn't come
yes he wanted to go somewhere else I
don't think so I'm telling you you see
his coat no he left us he left that Co
here last time no there's no getting
tortured over here little masked mustard
there no one making it out of it yeah
they're all running all right guys I
know this vlog has kind of stunk it's
been slow a lot of me just talking blah
blah blah I'm gonna pull a little prank
on it it's probably really mean but I
need to spice things up she's a good
sport she can deal with packing packing
packing
look at all this snow on your side oh my
god from the snow video that artificial
snow is everywhere on everything what
the nine five pairs of thoughts all
right
listen this is probably crazy timing
but yes happy birthday it's after
midnight it is your birthday and I'm
listen I'm so proud of you I'm so proud
of us everything we do every single day
who's the video was number one oh no I'm
not even talking about you - I mean just
us like us as a team do everything well
I want to I want to bring them into our
life I just want to say like you're the
greatest thing ever
like I can't imagine if you weren't born
this day 25 years ago you're like the
greatest why I just love you so much
I just have to ask you one thing he came
to open here so you're so ridiculous
will you blog with me we're going away
and I'm not gonna be with you and I need
I need your help
oh I should have known you'd ask this
question for so long and this is your
new brand-new birthday present that's
really cute
your very own vlog camera wait is that a
yes yeah thank you the best sport no
girl you knew better I love you he knew
but I try like it's my birthday you
better not freaking propose to me on my
birthday baby also so I guess I should
just put this ring back kidding me so
that was really funny I can't Fermo so
cute I got it just for you
it's it's it's like the one I use but
like pretty on a flip up it's prettier I
already got it all greasy awesome I
really met everything I just said by the
way you have
what do you mean like everyday know like
because like we're about to get really
busy and I don't know there's gonna be
days where I just can't vlog you know
are you sure yeah I mean always vlog as
much as possible but it'd be nice if you
keep you know the kids and your life and
we mix it in and I have to teach you how
to do all that too so that's a little
hectic I'm not the best vlogger I've
tried you tell ya if I can vlog you can
vlog better Wow I was so nervous to do
that you sounded so nervous
it's so weird give me anything the cam
in the camera not the camera that did
not make you nervous but your face is
red and like you sound under my face is
her head yeah I was nervous too
so we are just packing tonight guys this
vlog freaking is weird and I want to
ever be back on track tomorrow I don't
know what to say
that was weird let me just explain real
quick um you guys know I crashed from
the 30 hours of editing and blah blah
blah and then tonight my parents come
over which was amazing before I leave we
leave we're all even together they
literally called me and was like you
guys postponed wait where's your trash
cans in the house parents called and was
like you postpone your trip one day can
we please come they bring dinner to you
like absolutely like amazed I'm the best
mom and dad in the whole world by the
way yeah mom and dad I'm talking a year
they're amazing so natural born
pranksters released right so you'd think
it was just uploading a video I'm gonna
release the trailer it is such a
complicated ordeal you have so many
people involved I don't even know what
happened but you just released your
first movie - I was so nervous you guys
you guys really shook like literally
showing it so much Louis just so nervous
there's so much hate in the prank world
right now so I was like I'll move each
other's gonna gonna hate it but thank
you guys you're always there for us and
for any such a good sport jeez I can't
even do anything anymore
just like whatever I'm just sorry for
all those people out there that's just
like Brittany's gonna walk oh my oh no
no excited you'll be excited right guys
it is after midnight
it is late it's my birthday we have to
get up in 5 5 some hours to get on a
flight to LA where we're going to create
a whole new journey this is a whole new
journey something we've never done
before and can be interesting so I hope
you guys will join us come along
thanks for everything we love you in
case you didn't see the movie trailer go
check it out show us some love I know
it's gonna need it um and happy birthday
to my beautiful amazing girlfriend I
love you so much they hate when we kiss
on film it's still we wrote kiss love
you guys so much arms at it I feel like
this is fun doing raw where we just talk
not me in a car what's so good trying to
think if we need to tell them and any
question tell them anything else no we
love you guys thanks for everything
beautiful travel vlog tomorrow yeah no
I'm not good at airport vlogs guys don't
kill me I walk here right now I can help
you do tomorrow's vlog yes no tell me in
the comments or it need each other's
vlog we love you you're one of a kind
don't forget I asked me I don't let
nobody bring you down smell my my my
outside never be able to know my outro
keeps getting longer I used to smile I'd
be like ok guys I can't tell you smile
Marcus Roman back hair screenshot love
you nope
welcome to the Atwoods what's wrong Brit
you don't you don't look like you're
that happy let's see it now let's see
you
whoa
