here we go guys welcome to the vlog we
are leaving the beautiful New York City
of this place absolutely insane mmm down
there I don't know you ready are you
ready ready you're ready for I am good
morning good yeah so if you want
yesterday's vlog we have been basically
not well yeah we've got stuck in New
York our flight was delayed so many
times that we eventually had to get a
new hotel and today hopefully we're
jumping on a plane and it's gonna be
note the way and we're just gonna go
home that's the go totally Christine oh
my god you really care that much do it
just shave it off you won't even have to
do it they're going bald
so yeah guys we're off we're leaving
hopefully just straight here or on our
plane home to the kids and the hot tub
how's that Frank sent me a picture
goodbye John City hello fields this I'm
so excited
that's
all day so far everything is going way
too smooth we're in the airport our
flight has not been delayed yet and I'm
just so pumped to be home yesterday was
like delay delay delay staying in a
hotel babyback babyback see you excited
to go home yeah oh my gosh okay so we're
at our gate nobody's here
the door shut there's literally nobody
here but we're early like by 20 minutes
right dude the plane is there like but
there's nobody at the gate I've no idea
yeah they said sorry we had to shut the
door cuz we were taking a wheelchairs
that was a little just a standing of
them like we've really just missed our
flight I don't know so we're getting our
plane right now I guess we're going home
baby
alright just like that we made it home
back to Ohio that's so funny the guy on
the plane when we landed he was like you
know that guys that come over the
announcement
it wasn't the pilot it's like the
doesn't matter the guy was like another
beautiful day in Columbus Ohio and is
like as soon as we got near here it was
cloudy and gray so we're back home which
is great I'm gonna go pick up Noah head
home and see everybody all right to the
garage door who's that who's that
you gotta get mommy love to baby all
right I see you I see you I see you all
geez oh here Z is here it what's up guys
is he out there yeah who's out there I
parent Li supposed to break you're not
good now we're gonna drain the whole
thing he's making it safe for us yo look
at the pond look at the plan I need a
coat on can you what can you walk on it
that's what I wanted to ask you so look
at this song and the pond is froze up
freezing whoa it's snowing it's snowing
oh my gosh flash dude no dude it looks
solid oh that's crazy oh my god oh my
god dude we're on the pond it's it's
game on no you have
dude I going in the deep end but it's
deep right here so just this is probably
worth to be most weak is where it's
pretty hard it's always good to be back
home man you gotta get in oh yeah go
flashy flashy stay off that pond boy oh
geez some clothes on would you there's
ladies in the house what is it hey cutie
hey cutie I don't think she's gonna have
that much fun with water
now she's got hiccups she's going crazy
get it Cora get it yeah okay so I think
we'd all be lying if we said we didn't
want to check out the hot tub right now
I think it's on all our minds we got our
shorts on Oh bless you ready
are you still birthday mode you guys
ready you know the coldest part is just
getting out there you have at least it's
right there now Brittany wanted to put
it all the way out in the yard
said there was a certain step you have
to step in - do you know where the stuff
is yeah the one we have step one jump in
your kids crapped because we kept
stepping in there and it wasn't supposed
to be a snap
okay let's check it out yes ready are
you taking the shrub in here we run it
out oh my gosh step out here you ready
it's like 10 degrees oh my gosh
cheer do it hey make sure you take the
cover off I'm gonna help her hole Maya
hang on I'll help you want the light you
want the light on or off come on chicken
go on chicken let's go come on let's go
let's go let's get the air my boys come
on let's go shut it shut the door behind
you did you figure it out dude this is
great oh my gosh we've wanted one of
these for like three years go go oh dude
the footprints our footprints oh my gosh
the footprints are already frozen ice
Wow okay it's definitely hard to get out
we have it up hot enough it's only at
102 definitely needs to be as hot as
it'll go alright guys that is a dah
today's bought yesterday it's weird cuz
this is current day I didn't in the blog
last and I got out of hot tub we all
just called it a night played some games
with Kane I did he's like totally into
Minecraft now so I did half minecraft
and a half battle grounds for myself and
I didn't finish the vlog so I'm on here
saying goodbye right now and I hope you
have a perfect day we love you so much
thanks for traveling with us thanks for
coming home with
thanks for doing everything that we do
with us we'll see you tomorrow you are
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
you
