hey guys before this vlog starts I've
kept this a big secret but there is a
new main video on the main channel I
don't know how I kept this in this long
please stop this video right now go
watch it tell me what you think smash
that like button you guys know what to
do send the troops in baby enjoy the
vlog
hey guys welcome to the Atwoods what's
wrong Brit you don't you don't look like
you're that happy let's see it now let's
see it dude
before we get too far into this vlog I
want to take you into last night and how
we pulled this off a little bit of clips
of the surprise we pulled for Noah and
Kane this morning from Dale's kids so
here's a little bit of that it's cool
dude
real trees do I got a corner for one
this one probably in that room right or
is anything deep there for like the
corner if you are a kid would you like
to wake up at this just caddywhompus
gotta have a ramp that's a lot of - will
it really blow through that I am so
excited right now these guys killed it
all the way from Los Angeles just to
bring this stuff here we are mixing fake
snow real snow what is the other snow
it's like a snow snow blankets snow
blanket gonna cover all this I'm trying
to actually record now I actually just
blew all this the snow this is
biodegradable snow this is like what
they use in the movies we just blew the
whole house and then they sucked it all
back up well most of it and now we're
laying snow blankets so it's thicker
funner for the kids and now we're
covering the house just gonna look more
like snow palace when we're done this is
going to be our sledding hill we're
actually gonna haul in real snow when
the kids wake up tomorrow and build a
snow ramp out of this so what do you
think it's insane well guys tell me what
would you do if you woke up as a kid to
this
not the two dudes thrown snow just the
house in general
it's quiet in here right we are look at
that it's amazing oh it is cold in here
it's so cold we've had the doors open 3
2 1
I can't even explain what this is like
right now guys look at this you thought
your dad might have filled the house of
these real they're real oh my gosh
wha oh my gosh what won't you do what
will you do wow you like it you have
turned the great outdoors in snows
getting stuck in the door
haha that was good that's good oh you
guys that worked push me push awesome
how's it go - on a rush it all hey you
are getting wet I need your snow jackets
good hmm what happened what do you guys
think that awesome
you left the window easily as good as
any of the best resorts right oh yeah we
didn't install the lid I well little
lift seats oh it was awesome
you hid the lids
disappeared like penguins love all those
feathers that's a sweet scenery guys all
got to do it just all do it
whoa whoa are you dizzy are you guys in
your little cage let me go get hurt
monster gun I mean we got a snow hill
and everything for this this would be
the icing yes
alright guys I've been trying to vlog
davidich more my focus has been on
making this video we got so many awesome
people helping out
thank you guys that's a wrap the house
is destroyed the ground is all wet from
the snow I've been slipping Zeus has
been I know you're lying I know that I
know that yeah you guys Rock these are
actually the art guys that did the movie
and as you can see they're good at what
they do
good job so was that worth coming to uh
Ohio for oh yeah who's so funny pulled
it off I got to tell you another story
uh so last night it started snowing and
Christian says the first time he's ever
seen snow in her life on the sky yeah
I've been in trouble never seen have you
ever been in a house with no no it's a
double trouble you know you it's never
really around long enough to really
enjoy it
we're always so quick so fast pace how's
your hot cocoa you guys got good hot
chocolate was it white chocolate no Jeff
fun cane really hope you guys have
enjoyed this video it is very difficult
lots of planning um it doesn't look like
it but it is a lot of planning checked
out
they're cranking away on the smile more
building - can you help cleaning I'm not
either we need to help
maybe you should vlog and I should clean
it's pretty much a matter of moving it
all out and shop vacuum they've rented
these giant industrial shop backs where
they come in suck it all out and your
house is reset within 40 minutes thirty
forty minutes to an hour I mean it'll be
really cleaned up in another hour but
I'm incredibly impressed the only real
issue is the temperature in the house
right now is 54 that's going up and this
bad boy you guys okay in there I'm cold
too little dude see you guys
Kane come here come here come here love
you baby
my best bud did you have fun in the snow
I love you Jeff wanting us no you're
welcome Bob it's crazy how quick they
cleaned up I know you know one gets a I
can't believe there's nails today I know
feels like a week ago like are we gonna
go I love you
Kane I love you buddy all right guys we
were warping past a little bit of time
we're jumping back into reality the
house is almost back to normal we're
going out tonight for Brittany's 25th
birthday it is her birthday on Monday
we're flying no Tuesday oh man this
sounds so bad we're going out for
Britney's birthday tonight with I'm just
going to show you a bunch of people are
here the boys went to Grandma Grandpa's
what a day man I hope you guys really
enjoyed this video I did I enjoyed
making it I enjoyed editing it which is
it done when you're watching this right
now I'm not done but it's quick
turnaround I filmed today and it's up
tomorrow that's the that's the beauty of
this video not the way
this video this video is no deals no
brands this is just me and my family
pulling this off so this one was really
exciting still took forever figured out
and I I just looked like a rush hour
I still have little snowflakes all over
my hair hi Todd you know what you
deserve this you deserve it I never
shared this with you guys I don't know
why didn't share but wait wait wait you
never put those Neverland vlog I know
why I know why hang on a second hang on
what's wrong with your arm did look Todd
is now the Grand friggin champ
which means I'm canceling my trip to LA
on Monday way to show everybody else
watch hang on
Freddie wait that still looks good
though that still looks good Romans
number one but there's only two there's
only two Romans up there yeah we get it
we get it I think I've seen enough snow
for one day this is my yard that's not a
driveway mine right place
well baby ready first location I don't
know what we're doing here we were
supposed to actually start tonight with
you bowling but I don't know it's a
little well we got what's up buddy hey
man have a birthday Britney this is the
card from John my wife baby card my wife
made that it's it's beautiful just like
me ready this part is also good for one
free meal for you to repair and jaunty
ha ha ha ha I'm a giver
what else would it I'm a giver really oh
ha ha do you have any leftover food at
your table can you check I'm just
kidding you are awesome thank you so
much
happy birthday $100 for this just take
what you want
are you cereal take oh yeah where do I
go
can you guys blend this into a blender
just give you tough oh yeah I'm up got
Bloody Sunday hey hey the only thing I
need you to do sing happy birthday to
Britney
I think we're making out I think so
let's do it you each trade them so happy
whoo
coconut no why are we outside of the
photos in a bit anyone call tomorrow he
went to go get gas we would lose we got
gas this time I draw step back inside
back inside have my burger John hold a
don't be modest
dude come on Megan you know it's your
night
what's your night I'm just saying have
you run a Don all right here we go next
stop will do it oh whoa Nickelodeon
studios Chuckie Cheese here we come
you guys party this is how you know we
missed our kids we play things like
guys we are warping back home thanks for
everything thanks for showing so much
love on the new wakeup surprise for the
kids unbelievable
I hope you guys really really enjoyed it
was a lot of fun to make we are calling
it a night it is actually we got home at
1:00 a.m. in the morning I just finished
editing the snow wake up video whatever
it's gonna be called 706 a.m. so now I
got to do this vlog all night or baby
thank you guys fill up thinking for the
support as my camera looks so weird guys
if you have just one minute please go
over to the new video on the main Roman
Atwood channel and hit that like button
for me man it would mean a lot on this
one it's uh it was fun love you guys
thank you
you want to see more big scale videos
like this let me know love you smile
