hey guys welcome to the Atwoods we are
um don't ask this is not this is Zeus
has been staying at Brittany's mom's for
a quite a while now since we started
traveling a lot he's allowed to sleep on
the couch at her house so every time we
leave we have to barricade our couch
because sleeps on it and it stinks and
it's covered in hair so I know you're
not a spoiled here but we love you
anyway guys we're trying to get out of
the house we're moving on we're going to
a cool you want to go see spider-man
yeah the whole how they gonna do hog
anyway we're going to see some oh my god
really telling okay let's go okay guys
we're leaving the country headed to the
big city I hope you guys are excited man
I know you guys are excited what do you
put Oh leave in the country
now they have this big marble thing
going on I don't know anything about I
don't even know what we're doing my mom
got all of us tickets for Christmas
along with Darren Jess who are following
us with their kids and it was a
Christmas present so we're going today
I'm pretty excited
damn relax watch a show there's 25
different characters
and I want to see how they did Hall I
got to show you this because I didn't
know I'm in here in the truck trying to
get the vlog up and I didn't have
internet and it looks like this I
imagine it's Google Chrome thing it
looks like this every time I don't have
internet right unable to connect to the
internet well no is like his spacebar
turns into a game I was like what watch
this so I hit spacebar and it turns into
a game you don't have internet but you
can still play it's so funny I never
knew that leave it to the kids to find
all the secrets
I think that's us I think so we'd barely
fit in the garage
it's hard to keep that clean just jump
the wall it is wet come on dude we've
made it this is cool it has been so
nasty for days rain rain rain rain not
gonna stop us from having fun as a
family look at this little little
chicken nugget got my brother his wife
and kids with us should be really fun
what we made it the good news this is
not that busy or it's because we're late
everybody's already inside I think it
started talking about a merch booth holy
cow
anyhow oh my gosh it looks good ready
let's do it
you
we're already at intermission I don't
know what time we actually got here but
you guys liking it it's cool it's like a
live movie basically Kane's been so sewn
into it
all of y'all out there
get jiggy
whoo
together
would you guys think it was cool was
definitely designed for more of the kids
but the as an adult the wirework and
everything was so crazy cool like I
don't know what you think bro really
cool just take our money already
man no is gonna be gentlemen and you'll
get the truck cuz it is wicked nasty we
got like two blocks to lock hey at least
you got a bag oh hi oh when will you
stop this guy should be selling
umbrellas we made it to the truck we got
to probably wait in line for a while
here they are
your chariot has arrived oh you found
your hat hi buddy nothing says family
dinner like pulling over on the side
it's eating altogether in the truck
hey we got a nice little dinner table
guys hmm hot pile up come on this is
your spot yeah get up to the table boy
actually gonna eat and uh fly straight
to Dale's house we're gonna play some
games some retro games you're just gonna
play on your iPod while we do that
that's fine
my dad it might die I've never told any
of you and I don't remember much of it
but one day my parents took me to a show
like we went to tonight but it was
Sesame Street it was like Big Bird right
and and I don't remember much but they
had this big wrecking ball and they were
going to kill Big Bird with it right and
I started bawling and I tried to leave
and I had to come they'd come get me
like I left I was just a little little
kid well you ran out I tried to run out
I was so scared they're gonna kill Big
Bird
you'll be you guys even know what Big
Bird is you know not me no idea huh
so yeah that's big David I think I was
only like 19 or 20 years old I said no I
was little I was really little right
okay
I'd say a little bigger than Cain
probably owes us worse all right we're
pan over to Dale's we are gonna do some
retro gaming when I say retro I mean
maybe games you've never heard of before
or Lea never a lot of you never of your
if you're like us then you grew up with
these games oh my gosh what are we gonna
play did dude Excitebike so fun but was
I don't know if it's all the good titles
like I had to go back and read by I'm
tracking these down how did you find Go
Go 13 you say I was like three bucks we
played this game so much dude techno
super well this is what we should be
playing all you gamers gonna hear you're
gonna tear me apart it's up up down down
left right left right B a start I was
way off I mean I wasn't way off but the
code won't work if you did it my way
well 25 years isn't bad for
misremembering a couple things we just
had to look it up if you warped back 20
years ago no more than a 5 if you worked
back 25 years ago - the age difference
this is me and my brother he's probably
a picture of us being that exact thing I
know - the green screen and Technology
queued up clapper in my brother and I
decide to get together and play again
you may or may have not ever seen this
is a classic to us what would we come
home every single day from elementary
school and play this game all the time
back in the day my favorite team is the
Dolphins his with Buffalo Bill so was
maybe will recreate that I don't know on
you bills and dolphins yeah we should
I'm gonna go with them I don't remember
let's just go recreate our old pastime
burrito burrito oh I get kicked off
where I remember doing like I remember
choosing I was always a kick off guy
because you get it back at halftime yes
oh my god this games so good
hahaha look at the buggies that was zero
kick I do it you have to tap anything
how do you tackle I just ran out of an
oh my gosh am I so Who am I wait a
minute if you guess the play I picked
you you get me oh my gosh all right I'm
gonna say you're passing oh boy I don't
even what remember that I had somebody
you can change which guy you start and I
would always start like somewhere down
at the bottom
boom Hail Mary ah oh my god Buffalo
Janice in zone
you're like the crowd they're going
crazy over my sport is you playing this
all night I haven't played this okay so
you push you push the button and I maybe
would want to be this guy I don't know
what I'm doing it oh come on
go baby a successful try high seven were
the second round and odd things already
on psycho oh you got a sec there you go
so Smith and Logan like that's your only
options ferret the players are so bad
there's like a glitch go other coming
fence that's it that's it wide open
baby no way dude was like on my mom
wide open ah ran out dang right I should
not have picked that dude I'm in play
the crowd they're about to go the pixels
are about to go crazy but I got a first
down first in 1 1 in 100 for the dolphin
we'll be going all the way down
good kick by the Bell go boy to the end
zone my dude some of these guys are fast
wait so how do I switch my guy oh he's
going all the way look at this guy
coming up happening it didn't seem to
help speed right I'm gonna try to tap
these into the first quarter guys this
is the quarterback sack for sure haha
I'm coming wide open dude ain't nobody
down man oh no the highlight reel ha ha
ha I thought was always techno boy's
head mo ECMO tech mo Tech most oh yeah
Marie oh I got this this is it touchdown
all the way from the 20
hahahaha
Wow look at this guy
- that was I caught it when wrestling
you that was crap play that half of our
show nice the way the girl this games
got it all
Wow Oh shove pastel power well there may
be no oh this is 47 seconds left in the
game I'm Dale Jarvis I could tie it up
if he lets me tie it up we get to play
again worried less well yeah I'm gonna
win this I only need four yards so
you've already picked some definitely
doing a run play will go down oh you're
right there
oh I caught it come on dang fourth and
seven one for it kelan's Evan who
wouldn't go for it I'm on the line
alright oh boy oh boy oh boy I feel like
you push the exact up the wrong one like
you push the right one
smart wall we got 19 seconds dang
win no matter what such crowd a second
touchdown you ready oh my god oh the way
your guys are so fast sit Buffalo Bills
wins that's two scores first my latest
at second I feel like Buffalo had a huge
advantage oh here we go
games intent that was awesome game is
still super fun maybe maybe next time
you'll win yeah I mean I want every game
as a kid I think maybe a better team you
can be Buffalo next time I'll be the
dolphin guys we have something super
exciting for you right now this has been
requested for probably since I started
my blog channel and that was tell your
brother to start a YouTube channel and I
swear it's taken every bit of two years
to get him to start a YouTube channel he
has started a YouTube channel and he's
doing stuff that makes me look
ridiculous like his stuff is cool I can
tell you like in Vince things it's tough
I'm excited for you to see so I'm gonna
put his link top in this description you
guys know what to do show him your power
show him your love it's family baby so I
want my brother's channel to explode
he's all come you guys he's not gonna do
daily vlogs like I do but he's doing
very unique things that I guarantee
you've never seen in your life it's like
it's like stuff he shows me I'm like
wait you sure you don't put that money
like he's doing cool stuff so I want you
guys to just pound it give him this up
maybe like Christmas present to him I
don't know he's doing cool stuff and we
actually shot a bunch of games for his
channel so you'll see more of that if
you like the retro games and maybe we're
going to start like weekly things
together and we kind of toss back and
forth to each other's channels so please
go show that love top of the description
I love you guys thanks for the support
gotta get this girl home she's ticking
she's tickin away we made it home carry
me he says it's rainy coming on
oh I got it things ooh sermon playing
pinball all day without us you get your
toes did you miss us Zeus I think you
did
hey baby hey baby
I see you didn't uh you didn't get on
the couch not today
ha ha ha he's so happy we're all coming
baby
having a dog is responsibilities it is a
full-time job
Zeus is at at times more difficult than
my actual children the Dale just stopped
by I have gifted him one of my canon g7x
is and we're getting him youtube ready
yes this is our brand-new windscreens
everybody's gonna ask you what these are
by the way that solves all the wind you
guys are vloggers out there get these
it's the cheapest or best investment you
can ever put on your camera it's like 10
bucks and you have no more wind noise
and you guys can't see it but his looks
like he actually shaved the certain way
and he says it's just the way they were
from being in my pockets all crunched up
so we're getting YouTube ready getting
ready for his launch by the time you
guys see this video his first video is
already online so I'm pumped
I'm excited all right guys warping into
the night just a little bit Dale is gone
Britany both kids are asleep I'm going
to open this if you guys watch the vlogs
for the past three weeks then you may
know what this is very excited to get it
here at my house and I see not even open
this thing I'm gonna open a zoo here
here open it
this really isn't going to mean anything
to you guys but to me it's uh it's super
cool and I let me just show you how you
get this thing of them hopefully it's
not destroyed so this is the very first
ever printed sign for my brand new movie
coming out and I had the next day air it
to the house
so this is the very first thing printed
for the new movie natural born
pranksters and I had to have it like I
had to have it I want the first a sign
you know it like I said it probably
doesn't mean much to you guys but this
is two and a half years worth of work
for this movie getting ready to come out
and I wanted the sign man I wanted the
actual sign still got silly string all
over it from me getting blasted I don't
know where I'm gonna put it I think I
should put it up here like screw put in
the basement maybe I hang it up right
here by the pinball machine boom I don't
know it's just something I really wanted
and I grabbed it and they let me keep it
the movies like out of our hands at this
point so it's hard to actually get
things it's it's like I don't know how
to explain it it's really not important
and like I said it probably doesn't
interest you it's just something I
wanted and I had shipped here and I got
it so much sighted and I'm sharing it
with you guys that's gonna do it and
guys what a good day man family family
family I'm so excited that I've had this
family time things are about to get
really busy like and I'm happy to be
busy I'm just saying like when it comes
to being around my family that's kind of
like I got work like I got a lot to do
so that's life so I'm just soaking it up
right now
thanks for being here while the vlogs
are just family-oriented and I hope that
it inspires you guys to take time to
spin it with your family there's you
ready for bed hmm I sure love you guys
thanks for everything man go show my
brother some love I'm excited about it
I've been really screwed in the past by
pushing you guys to people's channels
like ah it's really bitten me in the but
this time I'm really excited to do it
with my
like my brother has always supported
everything I've done and he's just
always been there we were making these
videos we were little kids so go show
him some love he's doing some cool stuff
and again it's in the description thank
you guys so much
tell me yesterday put you on a challenge
so tell me today what you did with your
family that's what I want to know I
challenge you to do something with your
family I love you all my stop talking
have an awesome day morning evening
night whatever it is have a good one
I love you guys smile more you beautiful
just to prove it let's see what happens
yeah what it's family night you know
what that means
that means we're sitting again it's like
we're gonna do something as a family all
of us
