hey what's up guys how there go yeah
what is up guys good after morning -
yeah what did I just say good after
morning to you kind of makes sense
couple things to do today a couple
things to do today I'm man I'm doing
something bad guys I'm stopping and
getting fast food I net what is this
little crazy circle thing I don't know
where I am I just pulled off on a random
exit I never come this way today can't
get a number 5 what am i doing
already that's it I don't know if you
guys can see this giant pimple on my
face it was uh it was a monster this
morning like I almost blew my mirror out
what you know it's so crazy I'm in a
t-shirt it's like t-shirt weather I'm
gonna get the haircut the hairs got to
go it's out of control it's Christmas I
should I should care about my looks a
little bit I you she's running these
guys just showed up at the barber shop
and let me see he wants me to sign his
school picture you're wearing a smile
more shirt I love it dude I 5 I'll
definitely sign it alright guys skip
right past the haircut thing I did get a
haircut same as always it's nice and
trim now and you know what honestly this
week has been hard to vlog because of
all the Christmas shopping I can't show
anything tonight I'm shopping for
Brittany so I'm going to skip all the
way probably to home I'm just gonna go
get the things I need and we're gonna go
have some fun at home so I will see you
in one second but I'm just going to skip
all this because it's going to give it
up and I'm a big fan of surprises and I
just don't want to see any of it so uh
see
say help ok I know I said I wasn't going
to vlog shopping and I only had one
super surprise gift for Brittany this
year we were both out shopping
separately like I thought she was in a
totally different area she just walked
into the store as I'm buying her gift
ruined the whole thing I'm so upset
right now I know I'm smiling but I'm so
mad I just want to return it I still got
it anyways I guess you guys will see it
on Christmas but what's the odds like
what's the chances of that all I'm
saying is I had one gift and I was so
excited to get Brittany she's wanted
this for years
like literally I'm so excited to give it
to her on Christmas I went out shopping
by myself so that I could get this gift
she went out shopping I thought she was
in a whole different part of the city
and she just walked in as I'm paying for
the gift as I'm paying for she walked in
the store my mind is blown right now so
the surprise there was ruined I was so
upset ah that could not happen like that
that's Impala havein
you know what happened is our minds are
on the same we're on the same mindset so
we went to the same place at the same
time so crazy and I'll just crying about
it on the blog because it's so random
like how could that happen like it took
years for me to get this for her ah I
hope she likes Barbie dolls cuz that's
what she's getting now I'm gonna oh I
got a tricker now now I can trick her
and she thinks that's what I got I'm so
mad at you right now I'm so mad at you
like I'm this is my mad fit I swear I
had one gift and you just walked in on
me I thought you're in a whole nother
town you told me you are in it
different part I didn't learn I want to
get you a good girl RJD alright well now
that we're together again tonight so I
went and do another storm not gonna say
the name of it to get you something else
they're like can you please have Roman
come in here oh he watches the watch I
felt so I was like no he's already mad
yeah Serena go grab some dinner sorry
I've been crying over this
and I love the sort of the this is a
Mexican restaurant kind of right is it I
love this these trees and then they hung
all these fish up it's like a school of
fish going around the room we need to do
that at our house we should do that at
our house
do that
thunderstorms in December oh my gosh
imagine if this was snow can you imagine
how much we have was it like one inch of
rain is like seven or eight inches of
snow I think isn't that the I don't know
I could be wrong but I think like one
inch of rain is a lot of snuff there's
like an injury whoa I can't believe it's
thunder and lightning I've never been in
I don't not remember any December like
this it's so like people were tweeting
that they've lost power and it's crazy
happy in a hostile by Britney piece by
Britney is so weird to call you by your
name
Britney say my name I like that we're
parting ways we're splitting up be
careful that truck stops it's stopping
take your time oh you gotta hit the
brake pedal there's a break under by the
gospel bye love you
we're apparently as we're heading home
guys what a payoff at night man
literally I did you guys hear that
thunder
got a couple things I want to do at home
once I get their minds off of somebody
what's cool what am i on top of Oh Mike
you
let's get home guys it is nasty I'm
gonna drive whoo hey baby I'm back
Brittany is uh just had to run make a
quick stop and grab cane okay guys so we
know that this vlog is all screwed up
and all scrambled in and shop in shop
and shop and it's boring like today baby
ready for business
no to me I'm like I'm not uploading this
crowd ah
so here's what we're gonna do to try to
make up for this crappy vlog but you
can't be ZZZ
I can't see them hey paper go what okay
so we're gonna ask each other question
it's like QA but instead of tweeting out
like we normally do we're gonna ask
questions to each other
get some dirt okay I got to write my
questions it's a hundred degrees in here
you see that blog it's so hot in here
it's not uh no thermal also you guys
probably should know that I did my own
makeup look where is it where is it you
girls are so lucky just a hydrophone or
the girls Roman just on my concealer huh
that's what just happened it's probably
the greatest invention of all time I
came home and it was his keys his wallet
it's a tube of my concealer I said did
you take this with you today
yeah yes sir my lure at this point I'm
like okay like okay I had to teach him
he has to set it with the powder that
I'm learning a lot guys okay my first
first question I haven't seen her you
have not seen mine right
I'm have two written I need to write no
luck I need to write more than three
don't look I just like the tiniest am
writing ever what was the best thing you
ever got on Christmas the best thing
ever in your whole life like they got a
little dude yeah oh my god baskets okay
I actually have an answer you haven't it
I haven't
think that would even have an answer
when I was a kid it was it was every
Cowell like 10:15 well let me let me
tell you a story first when when when me
and my brother Dale were kids only on
Christmas would we stay in each other's
room we'd spend the night with each
other right yeah so it was it was the
Christmas it doesn't really matter but I
was staying in his room and I had a
drink all I wanted and I wish I knew
what age I was I wanted a drum set so
bad that when it would finally fell
asleep Christmas Eve I had dreams of
drum sets I'm not even kidding my whole
night was just dreams of me getting a
drum set and when I woke up in the
morning my parents set up somehow or
Santa said I don't know an entire pearl
drum set it was like the greatest wait
where is that drum set now do you still
have it yeah some of it that's the big
the black when I played it in the vlogs
in my in my dad's band room the one you
in came play that's the dress yours yeah
but it was much smaller my brother when
I moved out my brother added pieces to
it now it's like a huge thing it was
just like a normal drum set when I got
it but that is probably one of my
favorite Christmas I mean that's a
pretty amazing gift it was one of the
biggest Christmas gifts I ever got oh
yeah I got one for you
oh wait not mean you threw me off with
Christmas stuff I thought that so
everybody quits Chris mutt Milan my
question might have totally opposite of
that okay I got one for you
Oh God what would you have what would
you have done if the first time you ever
see me I walked up to you and I
whispered I'm gonna make a baby with you
like if I just walked up you never see
me until right now I said I'm gonna make
a baby with you I'd probably straight to
jail right next question
ready Oh Realtree or fake tree mmm
mole since we moved in here big tree Rio
- you're a tree Chris
screw dream safety I'm still a fan of
the real trees because I grew up on real
trees we always had like this year my
mom and dad have a real tree like that's
what what we did but once we moved in
this house that one sheds like crazy
still like you can sweep every day and
they're still how does it work it's
getting old baby things start falling
down he told her ha ha ha
what was your first pet like what was
your first I had a dog named angel black
lab and the dog I don't know if I've
never showed you guys the footage but I
used to have like this huge BMX track
that me and my buddies Bill see I got a
fine footage of it that's all I used to
do was ride bikes dirt jumps I had like
22 doubles out of my parents house like
a table tops rhythm section like you
know that's like 8 jumps in a row so fun
it was my life and my dog angel would
just chase me around just follow me all
day this is why we do Q&A on Twitter
because we cannot think of any questions
I don't have anything right
I like the holiday mentally like not
here I mean I like the holiday questions
that those are interesting that's it see
this one stay still territory it's still
terrible after its super late like I'm
not even kidding this look it is 1:30 6
a.m. in the morning we were working on
and again asleep was this tonight oh
that's just what Susie needs we're gonna
stay up a little bit longer work on an
Instagram photo that I've been wanting
to do is kind of like a Christmassy
photo we actually started working on it
before the QA as you can see the
remanence oh she's dead she's done she
can't take it no more oh ok so we've
been want to do I've been wanting to
this Instagram photo basically like I'm
getting an early Christmas present which
is Britney under the tree so that will
be on my Instagram we've already been
kind of working on it we're gonna redo
some photos and but I'm gonna cut off
the vlog I'm not going to show this
Britney's definitely in goof mode I'm
not
in here right now this is not Brittany
this is after dark
basically Brittany's the Christmas see
if you'll get it you'll see it on
Instagram or maybe a thumbnail for this
video I don't know I love you guys
tomorrow do you want to tell him or
should I tell him oh you tell them I
don't want to let him down I know really
really letting you guys down there will
be no vlog tomorrow on Christmas
he actually it will be Christmas for you
right yeah it'll be our Christmas Eve
our Christmas Eve no vlog your Christmas
no vlog but we'll be back for Christmas
will be vlogging Christmas dang I didn't
mean I forgot all about that the special
guests couldn't make it today they're
coming the day after Christmas Saturday
alright alright guys so no vlog tomorrow
forgive us it's something we really need
to do and just please understand it if
we could we would that's it say goodbye
merry freaking Christmas to you guys we
will see you the day after Christmas
happy holidays which should be a super
super long vlog so I'm just rambling now
I love you guys so much I will put the
go to my Instagram check this photo I
think it's really really really good we
love you guys we will see soon thank you
for everything
smile you're beautiful I thought he was
gonna go into it he has to start back
here yes the run okay
