hey guys good morning mom are good night
good morning Keener's were you guys
building some Legos Brittany just almost
beat me and pin but wait where's the
score at how could you started a game I
can't see it it'll reboot by the time
you come back okay I was wrapping up the
blog this morning and Brit was playing
pinball and she was like what 6000 away
from my score I just started sweating
like into panic mode because I got so
lucky getting this look hmm okay so
where is it hey that one okay so the
pinball machine came with its own scores
which none of us have even gotten the
top four yet um here's boom oh I was so
there's me number six 159 Brit just got
151 and I still don't know who this you
threw your initials I just went with
Rome all right maybe that's wrong but
I'm gonna go with Rome what the heck
it's like super warm out guys what the
heck are we doing with this thing it's
times like this I'm actually glad I was
a bum there's a back seat in this car
for some reason but it's actually been
working out
it's fun it's our it's our night I'm
throwing them in the trunk it's our
family wagon
all right I got a funny story for you
guys I've never told I don't I may have
told you before okay so back when I was
in high school it's really popular to do
a thing called break check stupidest
thing on the planet don't ever do it it
was gonna break check you yell break
check
you'd slam on the brakes and everybody
in the car would go flying forward right
so I had this new kid that came to our
school first day at our new screening
right yeah first day of school I was
like oh dude I'll take you all like just
like helping the kid out his name was
Patrick so we're driving along got a car
full of my buddies and out of nowhere
I'm just like this was before it was
illegal you don't have to wear a seat
belt
this was before seatbelts were like
clicking ticket like all that stuff
happened I was like brake Jack slammed
on the brakes he went flying forward
broke his nose on my front windshield
and shattered my windshield
dumbest thing ever don't ever do that to
anybody but that's a true story
first day of school I met the kid that
day accidentally broke his nose and I
went you broke my windshield like don't
hang out with that Gideon guy line drive
you know we ended up being really good
friends all the time
something about that revenues brought us
close alright we just dropped noah off
yesterday it took Noel to Christmas shop
today Brittany and on today Brittany and
I are out fighting the fight is crazy
out here like you think the stores are
giving this stuff away so here we are
shopping is hard for Christmas and
vlogging because people see what we're
gonna get that most our family watches
the vlog so this is what we're getting
my mom all she's just gonna love that I
love it yeah yeah get two of them for
her she had two of those oh yeah yeah
for my brother that's getting no good it
really cool that's for my dad my dad's
all we wanted a cheeseburger person
she's preggers
she's no one really wants a watch so we
were thinking maybe which one
it's tough decision pig or the B no he
likes B's I think he just told me like
Beezus favorite creature Valley Belly
jelly such a soap you wash your hands
oh my gosh it's not falling apart so
much jelly it is well yeah the Christmas
train I see it
oh and then I helmet oh that's really
humid well I think I know the next thing
we need to put in the yard no I can't
love it for a week I know my dog would
just trample it Wow
think they're missing some light looks
like our tree I mean the light part half
of its lit oh yeah Kane's gonna love
that yeah lucky kami he's been wanting a
horse personal so every night before bed
I tell Kane a story
I call it once upon a time we just make
up a complete story and I'm thinking
maybe I get him a puppet and I do once
upon a time from the puppet what do you
guys think I think you like that like
what should I get though box it maybe
you do like a fox and a rabbit
once upon a time ha ha me I can't decide
I can't discharge I love the dog oh
there's a kiddie pool I don't know it's
funny good in case give it his mouth
this primal look my hands cramped even
in this it'll fill out tomorrow you use
it
there's a squirrel squirrel scar
all right I think I like the puppet Oh
will you say that oh oh ok so we're not
the best we're last-minute shoppers what
we're out to get
I love this girl
now we are having fun it's nice out
usually it's like snowing and wet and
slushy and cold yeah so this is great
you join like a like this better not
really I'm wearing a beanie do you guys
know why you guys know why I'm wearing a
beanie you got a third eye growing on
top of my head
Sean Sean at least it's Christmas colors
I was like a little white ball on my
head you should let me draw a light bulb
off Oh Noah said it best today he was
like you should draw Rudolph on your
forehead and my pimple will be Rudolph's
nose climb the gate oh my gosh
she just dropped a hundred dollar bill
and a lady was like you dropped that
that was really nice she gave it to her
this is Santa's line
did not want to be Santa but I told him
I would bring his letter so I want to
show him that I saw you gotta build it
like a paper airplane and throw it at
him well I lost Britt I lost her I don't
know where she is we were standing
beside each other and then gone look out
here all by myself now when we park
today this place was packed packed now
we're like the last of Hey
I could hear you for not miss me that
way okay we're out of the mayhem we D
semi-good we did it we didn't finish
which is a big problem we
if I'm shopping to do is already it's
already getting late we're out of there
though it's incredibly busy out like
we went into a store and somebody had
just freshly threw up and it just stunk
about my balls pretty much just like I
didn't smell it at first you were like I
was gone I was just it's still in right
now
FUS well gainers he wasn't even hot and
he just didn't care we were home oh my
gosh are you happy Zeus are you happy
wow that's really heavy
it's like while we were gone cain't how
do you open it it's my makeup case open
it open it k nurse Kane filled Britney's
makeup case come on
this he's trying to catch all of them he
lover me yeah he goes for a particular
one you know what you know we should do
we should break them all up and have him
dive in it
hey mom hand me that boogie board I go
the yellow boogie board like he knows
which ones
oh my gosh like so ready Zeus okay we
just piled up this corner ready go get
it
oh I thought he was gonna go into it he
has to start back here yes the run how
many just shove his head all right guys
very quick vlog today I know this is a
short one uh we have a I wasn't going to
tell you guys this it's kind of all last
second we have a very awesome special
guest coming in tomorrow to our house
it's a big surprise like it's gonna be
awesome I think we're gonna shoot a big
fun challenge video that seems to be
what everybody's enjoying lately it's
just a good challenge video so we're
going to shoot that with them two people
I'm super excited about it so I'm going
to end I'm going to edit and have it all
done tonight so we can start fresh
tomorrow and look at our tree it's like
half lit just like that one so that's it
guys it's really all I got supposed to
be a really fun day and of course
Christmas is it's like basically here
it's going to come and go so fast
unfortunately I've actually been really
enjoying it this year we've been we've
been trying to be ahead of it we set up
our tree earlier our uh I don't know
what's going on with that thing
everything's plugged in now I know I'm a
wreck I'm a mess my face is all broken
out and it's just it is what it is like
I can't do anything about I've never
really cared too much about what I look
like I mean of course I care everybody
I think cares what they look like but I
don't know it's whatever it's
I am I am me so that's it I love you
guys
your beautiful smile more don't forget
how awesome you are you're one of a kind
people want to be you
you think I'm kidding smile more guys
we'll see you tomorrow 3 make sure you
get it in here guys hmm cuz I'm hiding
my hide in my pimple ok ready ready 1 2
Oh kind of there
