hey guys what is up
good morning mama good morning here hi
beautiful look at that dog is bigger
than you
Zeus ha ha ha don't dance NNN
hey what's up dudes what do you got love
letters no no one I have to run out to
the stores you think I should wear this
you want to go Christmas shopping like
this where's lo Oh where's the leg ya
know I hate Legos
I wonder how long I could get away with
it the beautiful and rainy Ohio it's
supposed to be cold and snowing guys
it's almost Christmas
no snow we're not getting snow I guess
it's wispy in the 60s which is I can't
think of any time in my life where it's
been warm at Christmas time so it's a
little different for us unloading some
mail over no we're gonna run out got a
whole bunch of mail here last-minute
shoppers that's definitely the biggest
King you can get Kanis first his first
girlfriend easily it might be bigger
than him we uh it's so hard to Christmas
shop on the vlogs because you can't show
anything or you give the whole thing up
like whatever is in our cart right now
if I showed you everybody watching the
vlog would know what they're getting for
Christmas
Noah Britney Kane and I are going to do
a video today where basically we have an
attempt to get our face pied with
whipped cream and where's there's pie
pans you know like the little metal it's
like these but they're so I have to be
really careful where I put the camera
because I don't want to show you guys
what we got so we're looking for pie
pans and whipped cream right I guess we
could use shaving cream but
it doesn't taste very good you want your
shaving cream what I think we're in the
right place man I woke up I was like oh
yeah we'll go out shop in we'll have
tons to vlog I'm like no I didn't want
to show what aisles I man this is
terrible
oh there's stuff in this car okay
running over to my mom and dad's real
quick yesterday if you're watching the
vlog I got a suit for our Atwood
Christmas that's happening tonight he
was going to tailor it up and make it
fit because it came in way too big it
was huge is like a trash bag on me so
hopefully if I know my dad he made it
really nice so I'm going over there
right now to see that so if you watch
yesterday's vlog as well you know I hit
my parents car with the truck that's the
wheel it's like a terrible crease right
there oh my gosh I'm such an idiot
it's like popped out here and get him a
new door for Christmas dude oh yeah you
guys got the jumbotron look at this
thing how wide is that yes jeez I think
that you do it justice it's huge and
it's real but that thing is spiky
where'd you guys get it just comes out
of the neighbor's yard saying we'll have
a half HAP happiest job job yeah all
right so here's my suit guys my dad
tailored it up I haven't tried it on but
anything was better than the way it came
so and dad's not here so I can't thank
him but I'll see you guys tonight
yeah my mom added this Christmas hat
which I love will match very nice all
right we're gonna go home and get room
we'll see you in a few oh yes you got a
little booger here's my boy hey I see
you too Zeus come here tell me I see you
did you miss me Oh
he looked like a flight attendant for
gothic Airlines
I'm kidding you look really nice
she looks great I mean I like it a lot
yeah skinny mini hi buddy
excuse me excited to party card it up
you ready for the Atwood Christmas 2015
party yeah you want to play a game with
me right now yeah do you want to first
of all welcome back house we are playing
about to play a game together which I
got I wanted to make it fun right so
piano tiles is a game you're probably
aware of if you haven't checked it out I
always put the links in the scripture
stuff they wanted to be featured in the
vlogs we said we'd do it but we were
gonna make it fun we're not just gonna
play the game the loser is gonna get
pied in the face look at Britt she's
like I've got all my makeup and I look
mm-hmm Kane will you get pied in the
face with Noah me just daddy knows
willing to get pawed daddy's willing to
get part maybe a little bit okay all
right so here's what we're gonna do I
don't know how we're gonna do this right
how how should we do it we just take
everybody do a warm-up cuz I I know
you're good at it you do a warm-up tap
and then there's hold hold
it gets so addictive because you can go
further and further every time I really
play alright yes kiss me hard on like an
iPad I feel like it could be harder
you're killing it does it get faster and
faster huh oh it is getting faster hey
Don
let's bonus bonus bonus get it I didn't
know cool okay round 2 this isn't a
warm-up this is your game alright this
is official Britney's been playing this
crap all week
warming up she didn't tell us you
missing you can't make me miss it it
will turn red nose
Oh 390 right is that good okay Britney
is it 390 so you may not get pod okay so
we got three 90s high score brick
aiex I lead the wrong one that's right
we said warm-up right well no this is it
yeah this is it okay here we go
don't let our team down Nora get in
there ready go
I do want to say this is piano tiles 2
and if you already have it updated
because it's the new Christmas edition
that's why it's jingle bells my first
try that's crazy
nose climbing up on you though
oh my gosh no no go go don't stop so the
double sheet at the same time are
separate I don't know if it matters
really
oh man you got some stiff competition up
in here the bonuses bonus since I was
like on Oh keep going
no endless tiles oh ok so no is that to
to 69 to 69 what were you up 3 oh my
gosh
get him Kate Oh 105 390 and 105 that's
495 high you're going down 495 vs. 269 I
got just not ready gonna be the whipped
cream bandits we go it's faster for me
don't be a baby and it's a campaign to
go let it come down yeah oh my god yeah
you guys are so good at this
oh no no no no way - or 600 - 69 + 206
oh my gosh you do not add it up uh no
way I I had that well we looking no-one
how he looked in Oh
you're on our team no celebrating 20
something wrong
okay you know what that means hi put
your paw face on we need two plates you
gonna pass at the same time all right
we lost like champs and we shall lose
lucky that's a ton what are you talking
about haha he's up to no good
all right now I've to me and you buddy
we're getting dizzy here we go
hey ready on the count of three make
sure you get it in here guys hmm cuz I'm
hiding my hide in my pimple okay ready
ready one two three
Oh God there oh my god it's so good
Oh oh my gosh Olga can I get you a
little bit
I already got his now a little okay come
here come in the camera ready here we go
you said a little bit
now lick go like this oh this is like an
Maddie's face I don't go to shower no
more oh that looks really gross
she's like I'll eat it he's so hyper now
I'm not long enough thank you to pianist
to piano tiles for letting us play each
other in the face that's not actually
part of the game but we wanted it once
hey you know how we are we got to be
goofy with everyone for three nights me
and you're still trying to beat it
nobody's gonna beat that that was like
I'm not even kidding that was Noah plays
his game all the time with Brittany that
was her very first gaming night all of
us did but really like I played it over
my first try and I'm like I have to beat
that I know I can beat it that was my
first try I know I can beat it so guys I
will put the links if you want to get
the game it's for on it's for both
platforms so I put both links foot both
links in the description this video
mommies fight this games tear this
family apart
haha you're never gonna be best for 31
so we're getting ready for the big
Atwood Christmas we haven't done this
for many many years at a long time I
can't take myself seriously right now
I'm gonna jump in the shower get ready
we're gonna head out this is like
literally 150 Atwoods so you guys gonna
see like the whole family is crazy all
day long okay so Brittany already left
she's setting up for the party with my
brother's wife Jess and she's left me
here to wrap up some of the IFS we're
doing a gift exchange night Mitch means
you just buy gifts for kids in a certain
age group and parents in a certain age
group and and this is what me and know
it got today so this is fun for the
family I bought a lot of family stuff
like things families can do together
yes she's left me here to wrap presents
but looks like Kane's just doing it you
got it I think what is that seven pieces
of tape you think one more one more
oh that's perfect you got it yep now put
one right there oh no don't peel it just
stick it boom baby
now I'm not no professional here but
this looks pretty good
oh wait Kane the top still showin hey I
did you know because my pieces weren't
big enough someone take one this way and
then one didn't that isn't how you doing
oh it's not yeah oh my gosh you're just
as gonna represent very you know we got
four gifts and kane says he has these
hot wheels and he said he wanted to wrap
them up and give them to a kid so really
cool buddy even though you can see I
only buy presents that are perfectly
square how do you suppose what are you
supposed to do we just do Kane I'm so
lost maybe
it's cut uh yeah maybe you're right I
was gonna maybe try to fold this whole
thing over mmm Jane hey hey do you think
do you think they'll know what it is Wow
I suck I'm the worst
look these look okay because they're
square they're square how hard would
have been to just put a square box on
this ball you hold it and I'm gonna cut
it we're gonna make a patch okay now put
a patch right over this hole all right
the gifts are done
that's not bad dude we did it one for
you King you have done and this is Kane
all by himself I know you can see
through you want a patch kit all right
guys we are all suited up got my my
Christmas buddies you guys ready to have
some fun some kids open a couple
presents maybe Oh
you got to do is be good I know that's a
challenge for you guys
I'm super headed there right now I did
tailor my suit looks pretty good it
looks way better than and
it's frickin still nasty nasty nasty
that's it hey hey what do you think you
look good shop you're late though I
normally am always late do you think
looks awesome every Merry Christmas this
is the outwards
this is the at words we are getting our
stuff cuz I got here so late these kids
are gonna be wired huh hi granny salad
that's like hey mom how are you thanks
for doing my soup pops yeah you got my
little chicken legs to fit in here we're
all sit down at dinner I was too hungry
to even do a food blog I already ate
yo
I want to show you Romans ooh man I kind
of a kind of show you already you give
everything away too easy here go look at
this bag with the time that's why you're
beautiful too sexy for my shirt
it's toy time it's crazy it's mayhem
great are you guys gonna switch
okay so apparently the kids are going to
switch gifts whatever we brought
neighbor out they're going to switch and
open tear open
I think everyone's ready
perchik
the gaming chair did
you like them all right you got more
Pinker's getting tough not good
what is it
I'm gonna take off I don't really know
what's going on all the adults are
lining up with their present in front of
them Dale Dale has invented a process so
that we all stand in front of our gifts
that we brought don't you put this on me
okay I just got his invention but he's
going to read a little poem that he
wrote took me a while to and then
everybody's going to shift directions
and we won't end up on our gift oh I
love the idea I'm confused though all
confuse even the creators can use every
time you hear the word right we step
right every time you hear the word left
you step left and hopefully at the end
of this you won't be on your bill you
bend over and pick up whatever you get
oh boy you didn't get ya left
oh right frosty the left-handed snowman
was a right jolly happy so with a with a
corncob pipe
great idea bro hi hi ah
Diane he was made of right that's
supposed to be right oh right right
white snow but the children know he came
right to life one day so we can go nice
we're going back there must've been some
magic left grandma thing I don't know
where to go she just skipping the line
she's going to the prize she wants it so
funny oh we need that
oh it's a nice blankie for our cow
Netflix and chill look at my beautiful
family Ashley my little smaller
photographer company
okay I got it reporting
warp and peso really fun Christmas guys
this is the end
Dale's getting the kids all hyped for
bed they're never going to sleep no it
was like I'm good right here you know
real one
um let me see watch look at you muscle
man close that's a belly up really
that's it work off that whipped cream we
are out in there did you guys have fun
was that a good time or what man family
rocks King you little party animal he's
rocking burger I love you guys Museum
had so much fun
love being with the family Noah said it
best he was like I don't care what we're
doing or where we're at as long as we're
with family that is a good line man I
love that so we're heading home it's
already late 10:31 it's currently and
we're you don't flip um we're going
straight to it's already 11:30 man times
flood Zeus come here come here come here
he knows he's not a lot up on your bed
my baby
his head is twice the size your head
Santa puss
Santa's all right it's that time mothers
good boy
I love you buddy you're the best in the
whole warm lucky to go through the wall
dude I'm pretty far I love baby you're
the man get your ball drop it no get
your ball drop it stay
boom good boy come on
alright guys Brittany's getting Cain to
bed and we're just wrapping up the day
got my big beast here what's up buddy
you tired or what I know it's been a
long day I think I'm just gonna wrap
this blog up and edit guys got a lot of
editing to do and I want to get it done
tonight so I can start tomorrow with a
full vlog lately I've been going to bed
and then editing in the mornings and you
guys can tell I just get them up so late
and and then I have nothing to blog
after I get it up so I've been getting
back into routine which means editing at
night it's the only way to vlog in my
opinion it's so hard to do it next day
anyways getting off track guys I just
want to thank you for being here with my
family we had a great time and that
hasn't been done that app would
Christmas hasn't been done for 13 years
no wasn't even born the last time we did
that Atwood Christmas so it was awesome
man to bring this whole family back
together is unbelievable so thanks for
joining us on that guys that's a first
that's a first we love you so much we
will see you tomorrow and that's it
ma'am gotta go I love you your beautiful
smile more oh my gosh I was just leaving
to go get know and I just smashed into
my parents car I don't know if you can
see it ah sucks look at the tire mark
boom oh now I get to go back and tell my
parents I hit their car sucks so bad
