what is up guys hope you're having an
awesome day we are actually trying to
get out of this house I'm not going to
lie
yesterday's toy drive vlog set me way
back it took me all morning and all into
the afternoon to get it done so we're
walking out here good news is I don't
know if I told you guys no one lost his
iPod last week we thought it was a goner
we thought maybe got thrown in the trash
we didn't know what happened we knew
that he was using it on the couch we
tore this couch apart lifted its where
every cushion off dug through it no luck
this morning Noah comes over lifts this
cushion and it's right there friggin
impossible dude it is a Christmas
miracle so we're trying to walk out here
right now and yeah you ready let's do it
let's do it you want show them the new
toy we got at the house right here Oh
baby
destruction time huh you gonna drive it
rolling into town really quickly we got
to run into one store get some stuff
Brittany's going to make a ton of
christmas cookies with my mom Dale's
wife um
is that it I don't know anyways and you
are you going I think aunt just said the
kids are kicked out of the kitchen
kicked out of the kitchen uh if you guys
watched yesterday's vlog we ended up
filling eight truckloads of toys guys
they said they usually fill one or two
we filled eight truckloads of toys on to
the Salvation Army this morning so so
excited about that thank you guys
everyone the Senate oh and that was
there yesterday unbelievable day for me
like a complete eye opener on life are
you ready yeah mr. sleepy boys whoa you
guys were up late last night party
hearty
don't smile
no smiling mommy he's smiling giant
gingerbread boy cookie kit well you ever
train gingerbread train ugly sweaters oh
my gosh we should make who can make the
ugliest sweater the whole family all of
us may be fun so we just found a 4
player 4 player gingerbread house kit
maybe do a you can build the coolest of
the worst house I don't know do you even
know where you're going
some of you guys may have noticed that
Zeus is back at our house we're walking
around looking at things we haven't had
a dog for a while he's been staying with
it with her mom I can't frickin chicken
nugget meatballs look I feel like you're
something put that on a plate people
would eat that I would eat that you
could literally get me with that put
some a1 sauce on there done fishery and
steak or chicken who are look at these
little baby cheeseburgers you know baby
I like the grill marks paint look little
cheeseburgers don't smile did we get
cheeseburgers for this just want to
personally thank every store that feels
the need to put these things right at
the exit it's a science they know man
they know the kids are gonna have to
stop or we're gonna have to hear it go
play that smile I think are you
it was pathetic mom okay one more time
of day we're all rooting for you ah
okay we're bouncing out of there we took
Noah to a birthday party which is only
there for like two by the time we get
home and you get Chesham I feel right
back out and get them that's alright we
are Britney's want to do some cookies
cookie cookie cookie it's my hard to
drive at that on I'll just keep that off
we are uh hey we love you come on Zeus
look what daddy's got daddy's got like
one serving size for you okay we cannot
be home long but out we had to bring sue
some food look at this Zeus what some
food in this place it's destroyed hey
sit stay okay
he's like I'm going whether you like it
or not oh you don't want it
are you hungry okay you guys may
remember a few weeks ago maybe even a
month ago I seen this Christmas outfit
and for those of you didn't know it's
never been in the vlog because when my
grandpa died years and years and years
ago all of the Atwoods for some reason
we stopped getting together for
Christmas is like not getting together
but like all of us would rent out a
place and we have Christmas this year is
the first year since that all at once
again and this is like a huge family
event that we've never certain the bug
since we've never done it and I'm not
talking about like my mom and dad and my
brother I mean like the Atwood it's like
a huge group of people 150 150 of us so
tomorrow night is the outward Christmas
you guys gonna see like the whole family
but check out my outfit I got like a
soup made out of Christmas material what
he liked it game yeah but it came in the
wrong size so it's like big a little
bummed out it came in big and I'm a
small guy so like it's hard to find
things that fit me but my dad's anime
easy sower so I'm going to take it over
and see if you can tailor this up a
little bit by tomorrow I don't know who
knows this is a hundred and thirty-five
pounds now wait is that how you said 135
why are you messing up my vlog what's up
Papa beautiful day that's what's going
on
yeah cookie cookies in the kitchen yeah
what do we got going on over here
you know whoo I get to hold your bhaskar
okay he was so happy grandma sue is here
so you think you think you can do the
job well I think I hear and I say so
this is think this is the jacket which
is it I mean it's big but it's not that
bad I can get away with this right sharp
yeah I was gonna get you one it was
green and I had like the stripes like
the Christmas stripes on it I'm y'all
doing him yeah well when I'm done with
this you need was squeezed through a
rubber tire so I tell you guys while I
was gone this week how we sent us a
Christmas gift
look at this Nutcracker and it's wow
it's really heavy
moose do that that's all sir reindeer
mash it that baby ro you want to help oh
man how much leverage kinetic oh don't
put your finger in there hmm
all right tribe have at it it's just
like candy just good that's why good
stuff
yeah the frog Connor likes all that
weird stuff right
brought out here come here cane hey I
got some push it down
harder push harder push maybe let's try
to pile let's see if we get it higher on
there maybe hit it smash it go wow oh my
gosh I was just leaving to go get no and
I just smashed into my parents car I
don't know if you can see it Oh sucks
look at the tire mark boom ah now I get
to go back and tell my parents I hit
their car sucks so bad you ever like
something goes wrong when you're trying
to help people out happens all the time
it's like resistance I always talk about
it it is resistance man things are
always trying to bring you down ah the
new year is coming up and some of you
guys are guilty you've been pushing off
something you want to do and you're like
I'm just gonna wait till the new year
I'm going to start fresh start right now
man the new year is coming like it's
gonna be like that new year and you're
gonna be like crap just start now ease
your way into it start small right now
by the time the New Year's is here
you'll be ready like go get it let's go
oh you see it yeah oh my gosh
it's kind of hard to tell on camera oh
did I think I got lucky but that door
needs replaced like it's like popping
out freakin a cotton well those are
awesome the little Christmas tree Oreos
your strawberries okay so
I owe you a new back door oh I just hit
your car leaving leaving Britney parks
so close there's nothing I could do it's
over fall I'm not kidding I really did
just-just-just the big rubber tire
hitter that's it but it dented it you
know what that's your second time so
much Mac oh you've had three people hit
it Oh three times a charm I know I
didn't see it already he just walked
back home and I'm gonna be honest we're
sitting here like looking at last minute
Christmas stuff we have so like we're so
behind on light on everything always the
ones out shopping on Christmas Eve we
really are so like online and then we
realized that every website you came
order now because it's like everything
says you'll get it after Christmases
universe place to be now yes oh she's
already tired we're gonna wrap this vlog
up guys I know this is a super short
vlog that need a plug killed me today
like I should have got started on last
night but we played pinball and we we
slacked I select no friends it was nice
it was really nice after that day you
can't believe like I've said this in the
vlogs when we do meetups you crash so
hard afterwards you don't really realize
for hours you're like smiling in your
I'm entertaining yeah it's like I'm in
the zone
for hours and that was like ten straight
hours or even 12 hours so it looks tough
in the last the last thing I'm on was
like putting the footage in and editing
so felt good to just wake up and start
fresh and I'm just making expenses now
and I also wore this beam today because
we have a new friend one stay up I bet
your hair looks pretty good it's not my
hair it's this giant zit I've been
hiding
it's not that bad I actually didn't see
it he started out with I didn't want to
do my hair cuz it's getting too long and
then I was like oh and I have the zit so
I'm just gonna throw being you huh we
love you guys we gotta go
we love you what do you get for
Christmas what are you asking for for
Christmas we love you guys so much
thanks for hanging out again thank you
for yesterday it was just what we needed
in what I just wanted to give a huge
back like that so God we love you
guys so much thanks for the support what
are you asking for for Christmas we will
see them all smile more we yawn and
lined up nice and neat what's going on
what's up guys
let's get going
