here we go guys we're off to see the
Wizard
what's up guys what is up what's up
what's up I'm trying to wake up oh my
friends I'm gonna say I am gonna say
good morning today it is early it is
nasty out we're headed to Los Angeles
today guys but Huff on a plane I'm
running really late I couldn't get up
today like it when it's dark outside
it's so hard to move I just couldn't
move on
I miss my flight that's what I said I'm
missing my flight I'm not going that's
it I dragged my butt up I'm in the car
we're ready let's go we're gonna head
out west for a little bit doing some
really cool stuff
am I gonna hype it up but it's gonna be
a fun week hi good guys this is not good
I should already be at the airport I'm
buried in traffic
having a good day guys you're having a
good day don't wait for reminder
alright guys we made it to the beautiful
and sunny Los Angeles and it is sunny
and nice and I slept through that whole
plane ride so that's why we just skipped
right past it but I feel live now I'm
awake hello man how are you thank you
have you ever seen somebody do that just
start filming themselves in the back
your car
so what am i doing in Los Angeles guys
it is beautiful I can't wait to tell you
where actually I got a couple meetings
today I'll take you guys along going
over basically what we're doing here for
the next couple days it's all really
cool it's all really big and I'll be
bringing you along hopefully I'm able to
film all of it Harvey I genuinely missed
you man look at this look at this coming
I was giving away that secret I don't
know and then you guys know why he gives
away the surprise I don't get dope
already did it again it's the first time
I told blog in action here and I just
love your spice again what's up buddy
what's up big are you big freaking lump
a sausage gave my bedroom just keeps
filling up with stuff man I mean the
crown is still here my fin where's my
scared of throwing up boxes because like
if I throw those out what it dude oh I
guess I can throw it like your fan don't
throw my family there's nothing there's
nothing in it that's why it's just a box
yeah where's my little family see it I
brought it to you at a hotel last time
no no I remember about that one no no I
don't think that was here I don't
remember
anyway guys we're about to catch up a
little bit we're gonna go have lunch
pant did you say pancakes waffles that
sounds great
love waffles um I get the vlog up and
I'm just trying to settle in like I'm a
little lost to sleeping on the plane
just threw me all off so I gotta wake up
you do not see anything like this in
Ohio
Bru's waffles this is where we're going
he's been bragging about I'm really
excited about waffles Alex's friend
Brittany is joining yeah whoa this place
is busy okay so this place is the king
of waffles right off the bat banana
split waffle bananas chocolate ice cream
strawberries what are you getting
annoyed I kind of just want a waffle
like just a regular like a Belgian
waffle I got punched just to those I'm
gonna rope pickle all right I went super
plain these guys got some crazy King
waffle peanut butter bacon banana and
then I got one just for the blog to show
you guys and luckily Brandon's coming so
he's going to eat it
we'll make it work yeah here it is
chocolate
was it cold chocolate waffle the
chocolate waffle party even the actual
waffles chocolate and it's stuffed with
craziness buttercream Oreos chocolate
listen I'm taking
there you go big on I really can't
decide if it was a good idea or a bad
idea
haha so cool so good to see a man it's
so gorgeous here guys you can get so
much done here because you know that
tomorrow you can be outside in Ohio it's
like I don't know if I can be outside
tomorrow alright so we are back at
Alex's these guys are playing some black
ops over here just torturing me you know
I want to play you guys know what I want
to play this it is it is official the
smile more bright bugs are officially on
the smile more store I'm so excited
about this this is a new kind of product
for us we've never launched our own
product you know and it comes with so
much cool stuff so well I should have
brought some of these with me I'm so
dumb I want to play tonight by Harvey I
miss you too yo he's got a roll of
toilet paper did you oh you left it in
their house that was in the toilet paper
alright guys bouncing up for a little
bit having my first meeting of the week
kinda going over our entire schedule for
this week and what times what places I
have to be at what I'm allowed to film
and just the whole thing so I'm excited
about it I'm nervous about it
yeah I don't know it's ripping video you
guys remember what I used to come here
everyday this is my my network my
management everything here I'm excited I
have visited for a while so I'm excited
to see everybody just arrived at the
office and John dude there you go sir he
added okay so we were only having I
think five prizes for the for the Meetup
and toy drive he's just added one so
this is this is for we're gonna pull an
extra ticket yeah it's which is six
winner
yep Nintendo 3ds for the kids thanks bro
course that is awesome this is used no
doubt brand new just came in from Amazon
premium oh yeah and what is this oh you
guys know I had a billion views on this
channel we all of us leave this happy
billion views room a billion views
donuts how do you even how'd you make
all those it took about
three days but any I walked in he's like
I'm a little sick stay away so these are
all sick doughnuts I don't want to eat
them they're so cool can I spray them
with something hang them on my wall like
is that possible I come by them in glass
for you all right guys we are on the
move I'm gonna have to apologize that
was a lot of meetings and time like an
eighth up the vlog John's taking me to a
Lakers game excited about you guys know
I'm a sports fanatic all I care about is
basketball so perfect man he's actually
dates one of Lakers true leaders he's
been dating her a long time you know I
think I took you your first national
basketball game right that was for
Noah's birthday yeah he's the reason he
uh I don't know if you guys remember
they date all the cheerleaders signed a
picture for Noah that was cool it was
always like what kid wouldn't want that
yo this place is busy holy cow you guys
love your basketball don't you
look at this it's a restaurant
to this all day haven't eaten anything
squeaky shoes
he's a log camera which one's your girl
dude blender
the prettiest one
presenting basketball fans out there
this is your homie rights last season
right
the Lakers are killing it 95 to 78
every
it
a lot of talker
I want you to think about number
a million
to walk now
face
look at this free tacos you're for real
about this I thought - you just gave me
eight talk abut the bomb oops
got it going on and you're cool so cool
come on shut the watch the Laker baby I
love it is yo a homeless man a homeless
shelter ask you so many tacos the rest
of my kid monk no TV folks ok come here
baby
you guard-dog him yo check out these
doughnuts bro hook check huh it's not a
trick you sure it's not a trick I'm
really scared it's not check it out how
cool I might have messed it up
oh look it said 1 billion views 1
billion views did you just hit it
Wow like a week or two ago but they had
that sinneth y'all and i cool yeah I
don't even know you could do that we
don't take it you should take a bite of
one now I thought we'd have it for
breakfast oh yeah we can what's up Jake
I know man bring it in I see you Harvey
come on man
I see you dude all right guys warping
into the night I don't know what to say
about this vlog it's pretty weird it's
kind of a read anyway I'm crashing it's
like um it's too late every time every
time I fly to the west coast it's
three-hour time difference so it's
always super late at home I feel like a
zombie all the press for my new movie is
being filmed for the next couple days
and I got full permission to film all of
it like I asked them all of it they were
like all of that film at all we're
blowing up I'm gonna save some of it but
we have some huge stuff I'm filming all
of it so the next couple days should be
like insane long
we'll see what happens I love you guys
thanks for all the love and support
thanks for being here I know this weird
vlog we'll get back on it tomorrow
it's better than nothing right don't
wanna do something tomorrow what um
Brittany wants to try to vlog and then
send me all the footage I want to mix it
up tell me in the comments today if
that's a good idea I don't know how we
would do it how she would track his the
footage is so big I feel like like it's
gigs whatever tell me guys if that'd be
a core idea like when I travel Brittany
sends footages so you can see what's
going on there I love you guys I gotta
go I gotta edit this and get up super
early I will see you tomorrow
don't forget small one you're beautiful
yeah
oh it just shot up your hand that's
awesome so these come free that's it you
think that's cool how is it it just
sends it up
