here we go
here we go welcome to the vlog guys
right now we are they took our credit
card for accidental you will pay right
now right now we are supposed to be on a
plane headed home right now wait what
time is it it's late it's it's almost 9
p.m. this is one of the latest vlogs
that we've ever started right now we're
actually supposed to be halfway home by
now yeah so our flight got pushback and
we are now at a new hotel waiting till
tomorrow morning
to get a flight because our flight keep
getting pushed and pushed and pushed and
here we are yeah we both brought one
extra outfit so we will be wearing the
same clothes for two days that's it's
not long with that shopping yeah you're
never gonna do that so that being said
today's video today's vlog let me tell
you a quick story we're walking out we
had meetings today in New York that's
why we flew to New York and it's
starting to get late we're starting to
lose sunlight and I'm like does the
streak stop here do we just not vlog
today we can you have not been you got
super sick last night and like you kind
of been off thanks for backing me up
thanks for I'm just saying like you were
really like I'm gonna miss a day yeah so
we're walking we're walking right out of
our meeting and I tell Brett I'm like
maybe we just go to hell we get some
rest and we start fresh tomorrow at that
very moment at that very moment and I'm
like I just don't think we should look
these two guys approached us and guys we
meet a lot of you it happens all the
time but these two guys had so much
energy every day we get home we watch
you bro we watch you you guys know who
you are
but at that moments when I realized we
do got a blog today because when they
get home they need a video to watch and
they were amazing it's we're like okay
there's a bar that know what let's let's
go in there and see if like we get an
idea to do just do a video and this
other chick she's like oh she's like
holding two cups of coffee she's like
so I looked at Britt and I was like look
these last few people we've just met we
have to vlog like let's do it for you
yeah so tonight even though it's been a
hectic day we're supposed to be on a
plane home and are we just I think we
were not no blog today it wasn't blogger
ball we stopped and we got a game that
we've seen that you press seen on
YouTube a lot called never have I ever
it's when you find out truths about each
other time already know everything about
you so there's gonna be zero surprises
you only know really the last nine years
and then some stories yeah technically
this is for a lifetime
yeah and I'm 20 so the way the game
works it's kind of fun and by the way
I've set up a tripod man out of a trash
can and an ice bucket so that we could
film this game that we're about to play
and I mean just read one oh wow some of
these are not family-friendly I did not
know that whoa oh wait here's a good one
never have I ever or you have tried to
hide something from hotel housekeeping
oh wait I was thinking it said trying to
hide from them so some of these are just
straight crazy like this one has have
you ever hit on someone at a Funeral
that's good that's not the question
though that was not the question no
looking in okay oh definitely looks like
in it okay Brittany's gonna make these
cards we did not know this was a super
rated-r game so we're gonna put this
away we're gonna kind of get our own
version just off the internet just clean
questions fun questions Billy make it
burn colorful so while she gets our yes
or no papers what are you doing it's
great how many we don't markers or cuz
anything she's using lipstick for the
guru's gonna kill me that's perfect
wellness you know use it before you
don't ever wear that on your lip test
out my tripod over here cell trashcan
ice boxes so in order for the street to
continue guys we want to come on here
just make something for you man say
hello mainly just to say hi we're here
we're still in New York we are hopefully
hopefully by the time you've seen us
we're home I think will be very close to
being home so let's answer some fun
let's do this let's make it fun let's uh
let's just answer some funny questions
and we will find out a little bit more
about ourselves as as well as you guys
so here we go yeah yeah yes when I said
all right we got some silly questions so
here we go I'm just gonna say I'm
Britney you have seen these no you've
seen this one because you came up with
this one but the other ones should be
all a surprise to her they're all good
they're all right these are the simple
questions should relate to a lot of
people all right so here we go never
have I ever gone commando you know that
means no like I'm gonna do that tomorrow
at the airport like to bed like oh my
god public like you know I can't go
public like to the gym there's so many
girls like with their stretchy face
they're like no I can't wear underwear
medicinally no no even at work some
girls are just like I have thanked
stretchy pants on I can't wear underwear
with these and I'm just like alright I'm
gonna let this one slide I'm gonna let
this one slide you think I have I think
everybody has like just been one day you
don't have any underwear you've gotta go
my underwears like
bigger than your body okay all right
wait wait number here have you gone
commando oh there might mix up day never
have I ever
crop-dusted you know that mean only
because the other day we Ryan was
telling me at the gym you were telling
him hey look at this and you were going
in a circle and he's like oh I'm saying
no like around your girlfriends and
you're like I'm gonna blow it up never
because we he's farted in front of me
twice yeah in that year nine years yeah
around my buddies it's like you know by
only your story I don't Brian telling me
and then the one time we had like went
to the fish store and went to eat and
his cousin came out of the bathroom just
like probably just came in here was like
you have to hold it in for 8 hours he's
I'm embarrassed
Oh IIM like she's never done it okay so
two yeses for me never have I ever peed
in a pool
we finally that okay you never drop
nothing not worn underwear you peed in a
hole that could be the worst one 12 sick
huh next question please
what pool haven't you peed in bread come
on answer okay you know we're never have
I ever had a paranormal experience like
a ghost story
something scary happened I've had a
couple that's why you wanted to get the
Ouija board of the night instead no no
I'll tell you my story do you wanna hear
my story
no I'm serious this is true okay okay am
i wait we should get flashlights in my
own apartment I woke up to the feeling
way before we were together
okay in my own apartment I woke up to
the feeling and this is a feeling you
know being flicked in the head it's a
feeling that you could only have if
you've been flicked in that foot you're
something that I could say so many
things what you're so good no that's a
feeling like you know that's a flip
right didn't think much of it I was like
that's weird I feel like I just got
flicked in the head like anybody would I
still believe in you days later I'm on
the couch with my buddy playing playing
a video game and he goes what did you do
that for I was like why didn't I didn't
do anything like why did you flick me in
his side of the head
honest to god true story and I said dude
I did not flip you in that but I got
flicked in the head
morning she don't believe me that's a
true story true story I have a lot of
weird stories like that can't read must
this should be a simple one for Miss
princess cuz you've never gone commando
and you never crop-dusted your friend I
cannot not wear underwear never have I
ever had detention yeah thanks for not
bringing in homework though it's not
because I did something bad
I've had tons of detention I had
Saturday school twice first income come
on I've heard this before three times
chewing gum okay
so wasn't just for Chung Goins four
three times but that's been all over
your classes that makes sense
oh my god I never had Saturday school we
never done that at my school you have
you going severe until then eight I
would have been so much better
no I did have the tension too but I
don't know what it was so when I when I
graduated I had remaining 52 hours of
detention remaining see like detention
is one thing Saturday starts
that's horrible never have I ever been
in handcuffs
no like maybe you like with cane or
something but the team no I'm never
entertained that was yes for how many
times oh right details all innocents are
always innocent no charges no crop
duster sitting right on the edge of the
bed
so close I can literally just and you
came up with the questions something I
didn't come up with these questions I
got them online okay my meal I'm gonna
get a few online this is gonna be a
really long video okay
you pick the next five all right
Brittany got some questions for us now
finally let's see what happens
that is like pink now yes lipstick
lipstick it came out great go I think
it's good oh yeah
Pascal wet okay have you ever faked an
injury to get out of something you
better answer that's right mister that's
okay then I go to white time I have in
gym class in high school I'm fake like
Oh John's mo yeah because I was the
youngest in our class and I was like a
bunch of ninth grade against like 12th
grade guys it's just like I can't play
today not gonna yeah never faked an
injury okay so you haven't faked B is so
thick you have to say better all day
can't help me you it's like no no I've
never done that it's as simple as that
okay so just hold this I can't honestly
like honestly okay think of a time that
I've faked an injury or sickness to get
out of something not even like to get
out of school I never did that okay Wow
I can't think of any sorry I really
can't
why would our live I tell you there's so
many times to its of man my throat kind
of hurts family Wow you're gonna help me
crap I feel like almost every mom
understands us though like a mom is sick
and they're still doing everything dad's
sick and they're laying in bed getting
chicken okay I just take care of you
that's all your next question never have
I ever huh
or have you ever
gotten into bed with your parents after
a bad dream after a bad dream
yeah that's easy definitely sure like
what age 13 15 I don't I don't remember
how old but I dude I had terrible dreams
as a kid I would run straight up
did you like the middle middle was the
middle was like the safest place but
it's just wherever they they put me like
did you go to one side like when Kane
comes and then all night comes to my
side yeah I just yeah I don't remember
it but I definitely definitely after
badgering went into my parents bed yeah
yeah until they never let me but I don't
remember being like you can't sleep here
it was just like sleep on the side with
my mom so I always run their first side
but it's worth it okay you don't I think
everybody everybody but like did you
sleep on your mom or your dad that or
did you sleep on the middle we're right
good just whatever
it's like safe places is in there and
the bedroom would be safer than my room
with that okay next question have you
ever cried I always cry you're crying
not to get out of ticket you just feel
bad it's like a yes or no I cry but it's
not to get out of this you just cry cuz
you're like get pulled over like what do
you never work no I'm never okay so no
I've never gotten no I've never gotten
out of a ticket that wasn't the question
but okay I remember when I worked at the
dental office before we did any youtube
or anything I didn't have any lunch any
money I forgot everything at home I hit
a drive so back home to get money
do it fast booth to go back to work you
were home tell me like one of your first
videos ever were like yeah and you were
like don't speed or you'll get a ticket
it's 45 miles an hour and I'm coming
with 60 and you got a sweet day
I passed the cup and he does a u-turn
he's in the middle of town it catch me
I'm like I'm just crying because I was
right he was right and I was already
late two o'clock back in oh it's pretty
Tara and I didn't even get to eat my
lunch I like had it in the bag so listen
that I didn't try you out of it I was
just stuff was right bad day that was
right three two one six all right you
got any more brain-busters nope that's
it we've done enough and as you guys can
see it's a little pink over here there
put some of it and I just got this
lipstick like I never really looked sick
and it's so pretty good girl but same
car your mouth yes yeah so guys I
thought that was but I hope you could
enjoy it and I hope that it was better
than no upload today because I'm gonna
be honest that's what was gonna happen
in another video bear questions that'd
be cool yeah yeah their questions are
gonna be like that box doesn't mean bad
oh my good questions so like I said guys
we're headed back home tomorrow
hopefully bites have you seen this we
are home that will be really good and
New York's been amazing absolutely love
this place every time we come is is
great I love it we will see you tomorrow
thank you for supporting whatever vlogs
we create for you whatever videos we
create for you guys are always here we
appreciate that so much
we love you you build up
you
