Bob the Builder can he look at this look
at our building pour it all risky up
there hang on he's here
dirty little face welcome to our house
guys all right all right all right I got
a funny story for that she's not that
funny that's not funny at all wait so we
just left the house we didn't just leave
the house we leave in the house for the
second time we left and I said crap I
don't have my camera this camera that
I'm holding in my hand no problem let's
just go back and get the camera we go we
locked ourselves out of our own house
they were locked out of our own house we
got the keys were inside to have a kitty
in the house so we had to start calling
family members and find a key go get it
go tag get this camera so I'm glad you
guys are with us writing it it's a super
beautiful evening we have normally we
keep these things a surprise when
have special guests coming we've always
surprised you never tell you who it is
we love seeing you guys make your
assumptions in the comments who you
think it is this time I'm telling you
right now this has been planned for a
little while
Monday so Monday the Dudesons all flying
this time the last time they were here
it was absolute mayhem I think it's some
of the funnest vlogs we've ever made
them just so fun and such great guy that
unbelievable guys and there was one miss
and this time
everybody's going to be there Yuka HP
European Oh everybody's coming it's
gonna be mayhem all next week they're
here for the whole week so we are
actually headed up we're actually gonna
prepare a little better this time for
the air and out which one out right now
be someplace better yeah we didn't we
should she should we get a better log
Frodo yeah last time they came right in
no I think we need like a security staff
at our door actually most of you are
always saying that you really just enjoy
the whole blog than us being at home but
if you're somebody that likes to see us
get out more that's our last week home
for a while actually go on tour the
ramen busi tour first five shows
and if we come back shortly and then I'm
on tour for my movie three-week tour for
the movie so things are getting really
crazy and that's huge because I want to
take you on that journey it's going to
be something difficult I've never done
never experienced or lined up with
late-night shows super press and it's
crazy so this should be a good memory to
capture
let's go eskimo Britney's rocking out
one of the new Smuts around this is a
smile more sample hat we don't actually
have these yet it's a bad year to be in
snow blower business in Ohio I bet these
babies of sack rifice hole somewhere
right yeah Canadia so what do we
actually come in here for are you
looking at snow stuff that is pretty
cool
I'd love to see you try to lift that
scoop of slushy snow so why do we come
in here I honestly don't know oh no I
put it in your purse
I know this is the problem with stores
they have figured out and mastered a way
to get you to buy everything you didn't
come for like right now batteries I can
never have enough batteries RC cars and
cane picks a bag of Doritos yep that's
it do you know that Jimmy curtains like
at home that's duct tape oh those look
good yeah they do this is the whole
reason I come in here freakin cheesecake
sample platter
I'm gonna eat it with me heck yeah we
are hey I got the new YouTube challenge
you ready you guys ready for this who
can gain the most weight challenge and
it starts right here oh my gosh yeah
that's the prank we can pull on the
Dudesons
in one week you guys gain 20 pounds
every morning the whole counter should
just be this oh go down that aisle I
know like I got my cheesecake I'm good
that's all I need I need it I don't want
it I need it yeah I got it look at the
Tim T Shawn oh my gosh this is actually
a great place to go if you own a vending
machine because you can come and buy
bulk you know like this whole thing and
then fill your vending machine I'm
telling you that because I did that
personally I bought a vending machine
off Craigslist one time put it in my
parents factory and actually stopped it
and ran all the pop into stores put
these in there get are you to eat them
all they wouldn't even make it to the
machine all right that's a good start so
I don't want to give up all the fun but
a lot of you guys been with me for a
long time and I will say that I owe you
guys a police car explosion you've been
watching this channel for months months
months and months then you also know I
told you that I would do that with the
Dudesons all the Dudesons are coming
next week hmm it's not at our house
leave me not how are you gonna do on the
highway Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam
Wow it was pathetic I actually didn't
want to do this but we're walking
through that store and we're looking at
all that food and all that cheesecake
all them snacks it made us hungry so now
here we are ribs potato steak fries
steak sakes
yeah we're hungry so we're gonna make
this quick for you guys I'm gonna leave
my office watering feel like Zeus right
now you guys as dogs do that like you
bring food out also in their mouths
this doesn't he's not what I'm drooling
dogs as soon as food comes out you just
autorun auto-driver all right we're on
our way home
hey Zeus yeah so this is me right this
little guy and this is my parachute
upstairs all right now watch this is
that what will happen that's not what
will happen you're agreeing with him you
are ready okay we'll get up on the rail
and he'll just slowly fall look at
landing this is like what oh he's like
patting me telling me it's okay you
think daddy's gonna land and we don't
want to go to hospital my calculations
are correct which I think they are all I
have to do is grab every third handle
and it might hate it will create a
bubble guaranteed huh every third handle
on three it's high that does look high
three on our feet ha ha ha from down
there it's like oh it's nothing no it's
high like I don't want it I don't want
to jump without a parachute that's for
sure so here's the deal guys I think
that if I grab every third handle it
will create like some kind of suction
even here's the deal I don't think I
have enough distance to even make it
open by the time I pull the cord
it all comes out of my backpack I don't
I'm going to bed no you gotta help me
nine-one-one I'll dial it on the phone
let's do a practice let's do a practice
wait you go downstairs and film me I'm
just gonna like see if it'll open all
right here you go take this I know it's
coming what do you mean a practice and
actually it probably would work like if
you had to jump out of an airplane every
night holding me back so okay Zeus he's
like what are you doing how's it going
are you doing I feel like I'm gonna go
through the couch you're not going to go
through the couch oh you're not going
through the couch yeah just in case
there's a few pillows on the floor so
you're aiming for that spot right he's
regaining his handles together
oh no what's wrong with my boyfriend
guys he thinks he's some extreme person
that can do anything
forgot this here's B
there you go all right yeah okay ready
hi guys I'm climbing the rail I think
you just ripped my pants this is like
what is he doing just so dark from back
here ready this is gonna cut you nothing
yeah this one it's on it's not a pair of
shoes okay here we go give the snags on
some of our bars off okay test one just
this is so excited you're still alive I
feel like oh it did open I feel like I
should be proud of this moment this is
what I want to do it again right here
watch watch see how see how he comes
down like that like I want that landing
approach like I want to come in like
like I want to come from here and go
around the room and then land like with
a bunch of roses then you wouldn't be
complaining
all right last jump one more jump this
is a base jump right here the base board
chump this is Mei Chen from Knight come
over there came down on the couch do
without a parachute I couldn't do this
don't break our banister the base or
your leg okay Mitch my nose and go okay
ready yeah I feel like if I can just
start it up it would work but it has to
go around rail oh wow you ready set
flew into the sea yeah I flew in look
how was it mommy's not distressed at all
I don't even know what to say that looks
pretty cool like Oh felt like an action
star that one worked I think it didn't
just slow down
I was like you slow down did the splits
and some cool tricks you climbing on my
landing zone my landing pad yeah here's
the thing here's the deal here's my
opinion on it it would work like it
honestly well I don't know it's a soft
landing but I was on the couch but when
I got that one ready and I jumped it
actually opened up and I'm holding the
handles back feel like you've had
distance on the road I bet I could
parachute from that for a small distance
like double this you know I don't know
one more one more shot that's all I get
I jumped look that's mom I really know I
feel like it's really open but by the
time I land it's fully open feeling
behind like 10 or 20 more stories oh it
would be fully open by like story 5 and
I could just probably read a book on the
way down oh my gosh
these two are best buddies you're the
two best friends that anyone can have
you the two best friends that anyone
could have oh ma there you have it guys
the parachute works
I did get injured I'm I'm I I feel like
without a parachute
I'd be injured right now the pressure to
save my life now I really want to go
skydiving
we gotta hook it up yeah all right guys
hate to really be jumping around so much
on you today we got a super late start
to today's vlog we're gonna crash it's
late it's late I'm glad I jumped off and
proved that you can parish you inside
your house I guess you did I love you
guys so much we will see you tomorrow
thanks for everything you're beautiful
you're one of a kind
stay positive smile more
hey hey hi let's try it again okay this
time I'm gonna go down the hill has to
work hang on Zeus
