what's up guys how the heck are you I am
let me just show you this is what today
is all about right here let me out so as
I told you guys yesterday there was a
company flying in to work with me on
something this is our suspect right here
I don't really want to give up the
surprise but uh well and I ran out
hairspray today this is literally spray
empty so this is what we get we're gonna
pull in here cleaner up touch-free car
wash just spray off the roads are all
wet and dirty so at least wanted to look
good on camera guys all right please
insert paint it now okay t-that roads
were all wet today and kind of dirty so
I want the car to look the best is
possible on camera saw oh my god car
washes they never give you enough dry
time they really don't
I want those when you walk out of the
shower like in the morning you take a
shower and then you step out or maybe
just in the shower you turn off your
shower and then mmm
eight seconds address
here we go here we go welcome to
Jurassic Park we're headed back dad's
gonna be working on this car all day I'm
pretty sure though it'll all be done
today which is really cool
I don't know what to expect guys all
right guys she's going into immediate
surgery all right guys I gotta tell you
a quick story so about a month ago you
may remember the video where I had my
car in the garage my garage and I was
like I'm just not happy with the sound
and I revved it for you guys and I left
it at that
you guys flooded my comments with what
kind of exhaust systems I could get or
what I should get and I I think 90% of
them was get armytrix get our meet Rick
exhaust skin armytrix exhaust today we
got George from our matrix here this
dude flew in from California and you
guys shipped the exhaust from Taiwan
Taiwan correct so how much was that ah
rather not saying it's a pretty penny
and then he also shipped this Rolls
Royce in for me yeah that was nice
that's so we go to White Castle later so
we're here yet was like days later on a
separate video army tricks YouTube
channel left a comment on one of my
video it was the condom challenge oh
nice
and I just randomly seen it I was like
that's our that's the exhaust company
that's like everyone's telling me to get
so I messaged almost like Yale guys hit
me up and you guys were immediately like
yeah let's do this let's and they sent
me all the stuff in there here takes two
to build this thing in the box over I
came down this Friday and it all
happened within like a week it was
really fast plans went out the window
and here we are getting this thing you
do have no plans no knife I do I'm just
gonna sit at home play call of duty
double xp you know I just got a I'm a
cyberbully you're the one on my video my
man I talk okay so yeah guys we're here
today we've got a cool team these this
is actually one of the owners what's up
man what was your name again
Brady what's the name of your shop most
cars in loosener Ohio there you go they
obviously do put you you know you're
doing well when you drive a rolls-royce
to work yeah yeah we're going to do like
a before I'll be four Rev for you so
this is what the car sounds like before
today
that's
alright guys remember that sound here
she goes
this is really cool to me because I know
nothing about cars like there couldn't
be I know more about the human brain
than I do cars you got to redo it for
them alright let's use it he hasn't
showed me all right this is the obd2
dongle this just goes right inside the
car so there's no wires this actually
collects all your rpm it can actually
work as a gauge also so any information
the vehicle can read such as engine temp
oil temp boost pressure can all actually
be transmitted to the armytrix app so on
droid an apple you can actually see that
live timing on your phone whoa
and plus you have the auto feature which
actually works off engine rpm so if you
don't want to have to worry about
pressing on or off you can just leave it
on auto and then set the RPM so after
like 35 rpm 3500 rpm it'll actually open
the valve and you'll get that you know
full throat roar wireless remote yes you
do on and off and then mato from that
also and so when you don't want the cars
loud exact turn it off exactly oh man
crazy so look how uncool this looks
without the tips that's what it actually
looks like here we go
out with the old in with the new Wow
you guys are animals you guys know how
new this car is this is the exhaust that
just came out of it and it looks to me
like it's ten years old that's just how
it is this is the new exhaust which
looks on mate even though you won't even
see this now you won't even see it under
the car but this is the new pipes man
whoo you're down five and that goes from
where the turbo yes sir right back to
the turbo and then hook see I know about
cars there you go but actually heard you
say it like 10 minutes ago dude this is
too fancy when I'm holy cow this is
crazy I never even looked in a car from
this position
not a lot of room to worry they are
moving right along I want to walk in
here and show you guys this this is
called a dyno I know a lot of you guys
know what this is but you can drive your
car up on it and then you strap it down
to this big platform and then you can
just floor it and you can run all the
stats all the motor stats horsepower and
you can find out all that stuff through
this computer we're gonna try to get my
car on here today that'd be pretty cool
I think making some serious progress
here guys it's awfully shiny to view a
shame you won't see it after or job
makeover don't do that yeah all the way
up Centreville alright you do it
all right if I say yeah I want to hear
it alright guys we're gonna start this
thing up for the first time
I love these black tips too
ding sound so much better do that's how
the partial sound from my factory right
it's okay to fix it I don't know how it
sounds on camera yet but that's pretty
neat I'm either high off exhaust gasses
really like sounded for a while it's
smoky in here the car is finished just
set it down I can't wait to get this
thing out hear it while we're left with
his old parts no junkyard can you do
with this stuff now just keep it keep it
now just keep it just in case yeah a
rainy day
doorstop doorstop
we're gonna run down the street and try
to get some outside driving shots
alright we're not taking the Royce I
can't chase with the rolls alright so
this can be a little difficult you want
to try to hold this for me so hang it
right and then hang a left of the light
listen to this day
Feli get more matches the vehicle now
nope oh my god I tell you or what oh wow
holy cow Wow police are definitely
coming we're gonna want to close the
valve now so that it's quiet it's not
our car if you can't you can it's got a
push button it turns that off holy crap
then I like took I guarantee it does not
sound like what it sounds like on camera
but look at this Jeep haha I love Jeeps
this guy's roasting it for you
whoo look at the headlights it looks
scary
look at my farm mission complete good
job buddy
I didn't even draw us so happy we're
gonna had a couple little run-ins during
but isn't that mechanics is it isn't
that working on cars car guys I don't
know we are calling a day George is
gonna head back he's got a a hotel
locally and then we're gonna meet up
tomorrow what time you coming tomorrow I
can come by early all right I'll take
we're gonna do a bunch of tests and he's
gonna show me this whole system has an
app and you can do everything from the
app so so I dude I got to give super
super loved armytrix high-five Thank You
Man thank you we'll wrap it up tomorrow
but uh
have a youtube channel all kinds built
this GTR stuffs actually on there so
check it out guys our YouTube channels
in the description of this video please
go show it low hit him up buried buried
in traffic guys what is up what a day I
I think I got too much car exhaust or
something wrong super cool day I learned
a lot today I don't know anything about
cars you guys know that I learned a lot
today like just seeing all them parts
being pulled out and put in like oh you
car guys are laughing at me I'm sure um
had a killer day so many people to thank
that hooked us up
I guarantee I can't wait to watch the
footage it probably sounds totally
different but it makes me smile every
time I hear it sick
I just warped over and picked up my boy
join you the car
what do you think I hope this helps get
on camera guys I'm really good just
picked up now you staying over at Owens
and we're gonna go over to my brother's
to do some game night I've been dying to
play Call of Duty you wanna play with me
no oh he's fungus Oh and couldn't come
with you daddy
Oh oh my gosh I'm gonna pin you down
tickle you to see that okay we're
working on
we're waiting on Brittany and Caine they
were doing what are you doing today well
another day we are working at home we
were waiting on Brittany cane to get
here right now and then we're headed
over place and call of duty at my
brother's house you ready to give this a
shot boom Eddie oh that was quick it
honestly takes a little time you sir
Noah has never played this in the very
first game he's starting at somebody
else's game
let me have a a little hard not a
beat-up daddy hug a little uh you got
that look in your eye hissing oh you
legit can knock me down now ah you want
to hear it yeah here hold that
oh that sounds like a race car mommy
would you think Wow
well has it on and off button so you can
turn it on low yeah
did you get enough snacks a lot Oh what
is it what is it like a gingerbread
house when it's a Christmas tree oh cool
who's ready for gay night who's ready to
play
hey boys Cuba here oh he went down sword
you ready to party hey somebody a party
looking hot right here it's so itchy
having a good night guys were playing
some call of duty call of duty destiny
destiny and the noise got Fallout 4 over
there be this could be this big
we got docking on the radio it's just
it's just great it really is maybe
tonight booming oh all right guys
warping back home um thanks for hanging
out with us today I hope you enjoyed a
little bit of car stuff that's kind of
new for this channel actually to see car
stuff being done I got to give a big
shout-out to armytrix for sending that
hooking that whole thing up booking the
location and just going away above and
beyond what I could ever expect from a
company to fly here and and make this
happen the car sounds ridiculous I'm so
happy it so thank you guys they also
have a lot to look at so check out their
YouTube if you get one minute I'm gonna
put their link in the top of this
description check it out show them some
love
these guys are really cool people like
they're just cool that is really it for
today do you guys think tell me in the
comments do you guys think I should do
more to the GTR like should I do more to
it like it's kind of like addictive a
little bit like we were there today and
I was like realizing how easy it
actually is for them guy not for me but
just watching them guys like they just
so good at it so I don't know tell me
the comments what I should do to the GTR
what can I do to the GTR I love you guys
thank you for everything
smile more how many lights do you think
this is you know I know how many there
are there's an actual number eighth
Equestria was a million right
last year once it was over - and this
year it's 3 3 million lights how many
man-hours did it
