what's up guys here ready to start the
day look at this let me show you
something all this the whole truck awful
I'm dying to get you guys these orders
before Christmas this is smile more
March my guess at this point is
everybody inside the country will still
get them before Christmas everybody
outside maybe a little late I don't know
just want to say thanks to you guys for
coming back today if you're new to the
channel welcome man let's get this day
going here's one full Monday morning
time to work oh my gosh you guys I need
I need them buckets - more - yeah we're
gonna do three today okay how are you I
am doing great this is awesome you're
probably ready for Christmas right but I
like this you know it's definitely good
we love it busy is good don't forget
that are you guys ready oh you ready to
start this day day early and now I'm
just dawn what'd you do today Brittany
got up at what 7:30 and did a kickboxing
class no I couldn't handle the
kickboxing it was just regular boxing
hey my mom I'm ready gonna hold on I'm
ready to go though Mama's ready you guys
ready hey you guys remember yesterday we
did the mail vlog 44 minute long vlog of
us opening mail this is what's left if
you saw last night at the end of that
blog I showed you the mayhem that male
blogs cause so I've explained you guys
over the last week that our dishwashers
fried out and thanks to mom all she's
been keeping up with these dishes she
just won't stop
he refuses to relax
so we're on a mission today go find a
new dishwasher hopefully we can if she's
more excited than we are some reason and
we're off we got to take the truck which
is down here you guys see how much mail
I delivered today to the post office let
me show you what is still needs to be
delivered one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten the mail the post
office can't handle any more today so I
have to wait till tomorrow morning he's
playing pinball do you want to sit up
front you want the front take the front
I'll sit back here with canners we're
running in these guys are hungry I
filled up on sonship so you guys yes
they literally set at the table I could
eat the whole bag easily ate the whole
bag you a anyway I want to remind you
guys about December 19th it's a huge
meetup with Brittany and I we are doing
the big toy drive I'm gonna put all the
info in the description come out hang
out with us we're gonna be hanging out
we're not gonna be rushed we're not
gonna be pushing people away we're not
gonna be rush like , hang out bring the
family bring the kids bring a toy to a
giant toy drive we want to make this the
biggest toy drive this town has ever
seen and it's gonna be amazing
ten o'clock to four 10 a.m. to four but
I'm gonna say it's gonna go way past
four that's just my prediction we have
to drop we have to take the toys in
Salvation Army for good always come back
we can just we'll figure it out but
December 19th it's Saturday it's coming
up pretty quick I want to see everybody
there possible and if you can bring a
toy for the donations that would be huge
two canes got his uh monkey and
handcuffs that's his favorite thing from
the mail yesterday all right I won't
look
you shut the door big boy uh I got it no
worries mama wasn't waiting for nobody
she just jumped in here
what's up Doug is just stepping on
Britt's toes that's all that was a good
shot I didn't see it I tried I had to
put the straw in front of the camera
like first person to do g-g-gee it got
me is it gonna work there we go
New Year's a redhead you is a meth lab
I mom I got one for you
yeah ready hold still
all right this is a good line just in
the ears the ears on no I think we
should show her yeah like that I was
bald ma you like the vanilla ice cream
no you don't like it try it it's been a
lie scream it's a big scoop of vanilla
ice cream I missed him I missed him
trying it's a scoop of sour cream yuck
you get your ice cream Florida I love
sour cream but it looks like a scoop ice
cream said he needed a spoon for his ice
cream in China
looks real ice creamy what that good
really tricky I was tricked you with the
ice cream huh that's a good trick a soup
of scent we just learned that tonight a
scoop of sour cream looks like a scoop
of ice cream you can serve that it we
could serve that at dinner
his hands is like ice you almost gotta
go party he's tickling my chiny chopper
go watch that chain chopper guys let's
go Grill
we got the crew tonight we got them like
you guys do not look at that purse she
hits you with that it's over game over
man I feel safe
you guys really want to do this let's
get her she's stealing
so we've came in for dishwasher and it's
a really a TV on that resent an
advertisement this is pretty believable
all these new dishwashers look different
than the old ones he just throw it what
the heck what is that Porsche OS we put
the silverware yeah I feel like exhibit
came and pimped this one out yo we put
TVs in your washer alright guys so the
typical I think normal thing to do would
be measure your dishwasher before you go
to the store we didn't you better hope
for the sake of you I don't know what
they put in that Mexican food but you
are lit wait we might oh my gosh
you know no one saw that yeah only a
million people saw that tomorrow today
so the real question is are they all the
same size they do look like it
I mean Hey look exactly the same how do
you pick
oh that's cool I could just see Kane
smashing his head on this handle every
day that's that's kid brew Kane and I
are breaking away from the whim and the
ladies where should we go we're free to
roam that's a big roll of carpet that's
what you put in your house look your
samples take a woman see if it matches
hey I was gonna have Kane getting out
and a dryer and scare you but then I
realized how bad of an idea is it I can
just see the security tape roaming at
work which is fun a dryer you imagine
yeah we don't we don't know this is what
we need right here
this is exactly what we have for the
trash can up broke that's smaller way
smaller but look what's the right size
for you five and a half inches or eight
and a half inches all Shay messing
around I don't know if you guys do this
but our trash can thing broke probably
what six months ago
oh my ABS already sore from boxing box
she did this boxing class today so we
just actually found the actual one well
it's not the same but it held two yeah
what if our trash cans don't fit though
it comes with them nice perfect I have a
couple extra trash bin gonna have to
call my brother and stop any guy named
okay we just got to get black tubs for
the store and we're out of here
do you have to order everything no
dishwashers are in stock of course you
know many stores have been into lately
where they say we have to order that I
feel like the Internet is just too tall
it is any more of these
huh
man we don't need wheels I do
we know you're fighting over no
can you come up and get this for daddy
yupper ma
she's a mountain climber now
shopping crabs all right we're gonna put
Britney in a bucket I'm gonna go get oh
they're looking at Christmas stuff you
want to go get Rimmel our Momo how am I
gonna get them over here just say I want
to get this new shelf hey I just need
your help Adam oh my gosh
you can't move though oh my gosh this is
so dumb
you're so dumb now that's great it's
great just don't move you go go with me
oh yeah you're pretty visible crafty
all right I'll be right back you stay
with mommy right here mom they're right
here mom all we got him hey real quick
you think mommy's gonna stare do you
think she can pull it off
and I have them pull up and I'm gonna
have them load the car
Gregory right here Romina on the
Crawleys in it
oh dude even Caine Jones good one ma
started we're testing the heart Heidi I
know you're gonna be camera wanna ask
where's Brittany oh yeah I didn't mean
like she's in one of these buckets you
can fit in any of these things
hey what happened
this is character hey I actually do need
that car he's doing it again sir
what well if he don't then one thank you
you threw that what was that thing you
threw was that your protection you just
throw a piece of blanket at somebody
when I get scared I do whatever I got my
apparently thought you weren't carrying
around chainsaws
mama let me lay down on the ground I'm
gonna pretend to cut you in half okay
speaking you say okay you want to do it
one here oh yeah you just want to take a
nap yeah what is happening tonight
oh good goofy family
we kicked out of this Lily she's never
getting back no I was kidding that's
nice man we got it going on what started
as a joke I will just jumps on the floor
lays down so I might as well put a
chainsaw to her belly it's just that the
family does I guess if you get anything
from this vlog today it's have fun with
your family or your head Oh what oh what
the heck you need us - pump or you just
want me to buy stuff you need that's
what you're in case you're at a gas at
our house you can say yeah oh that's
what your one well that was fun what
ridiculous time that so dishwashers you
have to order dishwashers I'm hanging
out Kane wants me sit in the backseat
with him so mommy you got this yeah I
think I do mama and duck just went off
separately they drove separate stuff
John and any ring
whoa mofo oh my gosh huh
nice nice nice save we uh were just
piling back in the house here okay so
something came in today that I'm really
excited about we actually do this every
year
are you ready come here open her up for
me this is coming a little bit late to
us we're behind schedule on it oh yeah
oh yeah you know what this is okay so
it's I'm sure you guys have seen this um
we're a little late we're behind the
curve on it uh but it's a calendar ad my
calendar and each day you open one of
the calendars you get to build a little
Lego oh it's like wait where's that it's
like amazing I think you know Oh either
he has a day one little RC cars we are
near the Green River you know to keep
that green here's the remote for the
green one
you got to find number two hard for
anybody wondering um we thought you
started at 24 and counted down to like
one more day till Christmas you open
number one it's not we actually know
what's in 24 so you count up just in
case you found it
what's yeah there you go Hey
Oh No so what was number two let me see
him oh he dropped it he's a little snow
dude having fun in the snow yeah you get
the idea that's something that we're
gonna do this year each morning wake up
and come out open a new one Cain just
gotta follow the numbers so guys thanks
for hanging out with us today tomorrow's
super exciting it was actually supposed
to happen today I haven't told you guys
I was super bummed took me all morning
to get over it
tomorrow it's actually happening it was
a shipment that's supposed to be coming
here and it was never delivered and I
checked it in it's delivered
awesome super duper excited for tomorrow
should be really fun new vlog like
you've never seen this in our blogs
before these guys are obviously busy
catching up to our date
our current date what's what's that one
a little boat what is it seven I don't
know what today is
anyways I'm gonna cut it off get all
this edited so I can get fresh tomorrow
guys bye bye bye bye right we got him
bye we love you guys so much don't
forget how awesome you are we will see
you tomorrow
and is that it I feel like is that it
oh please check out the description for
the meetup please come guys oh yeah
awesome I want you there I need you
there
yeah pea brain ba just come hang out
bring the kids bring the the moms and
dads whoever you are come hang out with
us it's gonna be a riot and it's not
gonna be right it's not gonna be me but
out we're trying to put together huge
toy drive guys so if you want to support
it come out and that's it
we love you we will see you tomorrow
don't force me our smile mine
I just haven't my cup in the microwave
and it started sparking there like
there's gold on it
what do you mean there's gold the paint
it's not gold just any paint gold any
metals you can't stick a fork in there
wait what oh are you kidding me
