are you by now hey hey I am blogging
like this can I do my instrument for you
are you blogging for you wait this your
is this your we gonna redo it I gotta
redo it you know you're going crazy I'm
even backing up like repositioning my
spot I guess we'll just skip past intro
today we are getting an incredible
we're getting an incredibly light start
to today we're actually jumping right
into dinner which it's not that much but
since it's dark out it seems light
chuckles who are these little Wildcats
I'm not a cat I'm a biscuit like a shirt
boy Cain Cain didn't want taco so he's
having pizza rolls cameras everywhere
if you missed yesterday's vlog we did
the cannon sprinkles this is what's left
of the sprinkles so as you can see we
really didn't even phase the sprinkles
and I want to show you if you did miss
yesterday's vlog we got your life yeah
oh my gosh it looks worse what you do so
this is the deck after the cake
challenge you can obviously tell where I
was standing so you guys are having a
great day we are yeah we're getting late
start but we're doing something it's
very promised and we owe it to you guys
to do a mail flog we're jumping into it
right after dinner and you see how much
we can open tonight we're not going to
open a few we're gonna see how many we
can open so it's gonna be a mix between
vlogging and mail and family there's a
bunch outside but we got to go out and
get him help me carry him ya know you're
gonna help me sure how do i press this
came from oh yeah no it wasn't here when
we open these but this is from uh who
was it from I'd have to watch the vlog
but he made it with a 3d printer
he used a 3d printer yes what it says
checkout out your t-shirt says Noah
that's awesome did you get one it back
says own to Noah so we're just gonna try
to rob flog it today guys for you this
is uh just what we're doing and we're
gonna we're gonna we're gonna jump into
the mail too so I'm excited are you
joining us for dinner yes and I am hey
yeah tacos baby tacos Sunday oh talking
to salad sounds good I like that this is
how you get kids to eat right here no
not the tacos you don't feed them for
about three or four days and then they
just kill it
you want try them on you just feel his
gut with pizza rolls you gonna try to
talk oh yes don't burn the peanut butter
jelly Tom come here real quick I gotta
ask you something really important
listen hey why they finish eatin do you
want to go get mail you do hey come on
come on
dude you got to get up if you want to
get mail so we got quite a bit of fan
mail built up here there's piles just
about everywhere there's more in King's
of classroom there's buckets in buckets
of letters in mail somehow this one got
opened and I don't have the box for
paper so I don't know who's in it I'm at
candles in it this is our antwort guy
teamwork baby all right good job worker
bees we got some boxes in here to start
I think this is all we can do tonight
which is a huge portion like we'll be
pretty caught up on boxes tonight it is
a school night so we are limited on time
but let's let's get to it
monkey you could start like
mama come join us come on down here whoo
I can be careful please enjoy your gift
from Oliver a role boat look it says hi
Noah be careful please enjoy your gift
oh just what you need
let me see let me see what is it that's
why he added be careful oh my god this
is heavy okay Jesus is heavy it's legit
oh it's a pistol gun oh just this is
like an outside with Daddy
yeah Britney just wants to say thank you
in advance for the BB guns hopefully no
I know it's so excited here's a little
bit of a true story for you when I was a
kid I had a pellet gun and it was the
first time I pumped my gun up and I saw
this bird up in a tree
and I shot it that was the moment I
realized I could never be a hunter
because it broke my heart I've never
killed an animal outside of that that's
like negative ions in my car I guess I
guess counting vehicle accidents I've
hit a couple spaces and stuff this truly
says that I'm very um I get very sad
when it comes to killing animals I cried
in King Kong when my god I cried
King Kong died yeah so I'm not much of a
man's man I cannot hunt yeah I can never
kill a deer like I get it for the
hunters like I like eating the food bike
if you can't do it okay this is wrong
thanks Oliver by the way let's keep
moving it doesn't say no it's just cane
out would does that one too no whoa no
whoa mama won't you pick a box out no
sit how can it stead
it's got a ball on it too Oh akadama uh
uh who's it from
maybe from the same person yeah baseball
man baseball glove and kodamas yeah we
have a series Kodama collection we
should start a fan Kodama wash your hand
out like this fair whoo
put your hand out like this there whoo
aah aah I actually like that Rubik's
that's a cool shirt actually give me my
baseball player ready set
yeah dude and throw it back all right
oh you got a dive Hey yeah no I mama
what we got here I don't know wait who
is this stuff wrong there's no name on
the bat other gloves so then from the
same place there is no nothing
Wow I'm sorry there's no name oh I hate
that
looks like somebody scratched that out
Wow I think that signatures for Kannamma
champs of the world just kidding I no
idea
whoever sent the gloves and the toys
everything thank you so much what is it
I'm gonna open the worst thing she could
open snake-oil game what is that and let
me read the label my family and friends
we know you would enjoy it I hope you
have an incredible holiday season merry
Christmas from Eric Edwardson hey he
only their mama opens is about snakes
you guys know how much she hates snakes
so it's a snake Gansevoort game or
something family stuff
thank you guys you love that don't you
yeah
here stand that ready practice makes
perfect
here HUP have cane open it second here
no those are little candies you open it
up got you trick mama thanks Omar
care much what is it yeah you saw I know
you like them hey that's a gift from
Omar Thanks oh boy what could it be
looks like peace oh it's one of those
fake iPad these are awesome
well awesome we can do all kinds of
stuff with that I'll be so mean it looks
like they took her actual iPad but Lea
like it's just display model yeah yeah
Omar's on it you want to try to hit the
home button like I like this either that
it's a real iPad it's frozen yeah bigger
long open this one what's in this heavy
box no but it's really real
okay take another box out it's probably
rocks my name is rocky Bowen and family
watch your vlogs my wife and I are 29
years old my son is identical to cake he
is three years old and loves his dirt my
excitement and being crazy
holy moly god I can't nothin
I think it's a gun target it feels like
a target you often talk about unique
targets oh listen to this thing it's
steel hey rocky and family thanks to you
will definitely see me shoot your
targets in the vlogs haven't fun over
there you still trying to figure out if
it's real or fake no I like it not wrong
with that oh I love this like homemade
stuff so cool look it's got names in it
own - daddy's Hey look who's name is
this he's nervous now he's nervous to
open things yeah mine looks like
something that would explode what you
listening hearing Oh mines got candy in
it can anybody guess what it is a pirate
ring I can't even get his open whoops oh
I like these oh my craft dudes Mason
from Houston Texas
sends us all these little goodies yet
you can have a couple listen yeah I want
every ship it was wanted to take a
second beyond the little uh gadgets that
you said the Box you made everything's
gummy bear duct tape every box
took some time on that yeah oh my gosh
you guys you're killing us what the fish
beep in common
we've had we had we give them to
everybody they're awesome there are
three big let's see you simply colorful
fish I'm a match son smile on smile war
baby Evan oh he's definitely yeah six
years old you could be our youngest
sender ever seen a six year old that's
thanks dude when retinol and Kane you
guys put a smile on my face every day
and I wanted to give you guys a little
thing back I can picture Kane getting
some major use out of it thanks hmm
I know what it is what could gain get a
lot of you set up oh I like those
because that's that big whoopee cushion
that you fart this is from Luca in New
York Luca that is a cool name like that
Luke I never heard of that
what is that Kane minis it's a smiley
face out of pennies by Luca and Andrea
know you love scars we are on to the
next box and this one's coming in from
Lisa Bri Murr Larry's family bikini in
the world I'm pretty sure you say that
about every candy no Snickers in Twix
that's cute you guys all got fancy
little bubbles Oh mom are you gonna open
some more they're tricky now they're
tricky now that's enough gun yeah looks
like a nerf gun in a yo-yo and so I like
yo-yos
I just haven't my cup in the microwave
and it started sparking they're like
there's gold on it leaving there's gold
the paint it's not gold just any paint
gold any metals you can't stick a fork
in there wait what oh are you kidding me
I wouldn't be doing my favorite kid ha
ha I know you can't put a fork in there
but I didn't think I mean it's coffee
kay I who makes a coffee cup you can't
put microwave I'm starting to think
you're not gonna get up yeah I just want
that big boxes Oh what do you say so
hey not in front of viewers and it's to
the Roman Atwood family all right well
you're part of that family so dig in
let's see what mama's got for us sure
hey hey oh poor mom all that might be
yours I think mama can get in there oh
he knows Captain America oh my gosh
somebody's whole toy box
what you got mama in your hand over here
all these boxes here we go a Roman
family
I am Cohen Churchill I'm 11 Oh kitty on
the paper
holy chow there's a cat what what kitty
for Toronto sent this from Toronto love
your channels especially your vlogs
you're the best youtuber ever don't like
rap huh
please keep awesome I hope you like this
stuff so much you know what I think one
of them I think you can see the kids
loved it can I show this one are you
already on to another you see you speed
opening boy oh yeah
waitingwaiting I have a wouldn't wait we
agree now okay it says hi Robin Rick
Nolan came here
big hero action figure for pain no Lego
for Noah hope you guys are going to like
these toys let's open him Oh Jaime yeah
I like this maybe more Tron Oh an
awesome everybody everybody mom Oh got
the Box open let's take a second what
was that those little peanuts oh man I
got came good really a lot start says
mom oh oh it's a wooden treasure I don't
know what the heck's inside it okay you
scared me that's an amazing box yeah
grandpa made one of those baby holy cow
he made one for crayon yo these are
awesome it's a family-owned salsa
combination it's not leaking smell salsa
maybe just from the factory or whatever
Oh medium huh
that's awesome I don't know if this
Olson tastes like the seblak is there's
a lot of dads being thrown around this
house everybody over to 13 Foods thank
you guys the gift is amazing the boss is
like so cool I love and momma got a
shirt you guys are thoughtful thank you
so much what you what you what you got
what you got
aren't you gift a gift let's see
Dylan it's from Dylan starting to get
anything for the boys maybe next time
he'll open it
terney know what it is first
Lauren oh my gosh it's the same one's
new we are gonna flip either sweet it
thank you guys you're killing up its man
oh you know what you say
yo that's a big bag what does that a
note you see well it's just a receipt
those are big ones there that's seven
pounds of sprinkles to add to our
already that that exactly replaces what
we just blew got you guys whoa liquid
drink
here's a Connecticut magnet have you
ever been to Connecticut no kinetic
what's in Connecticut guys tell me some
stuff in Connecticut uh I don't think
I'm at a Connecticut swamp juice le
gross soda it's so disgusting
ha ha ha ha you don't get a shot least
you got two bottles right what's in it
woohoo does it tell you swap juice see
what the other one is that's funny
but we know what Connecticut has now
Swamp juice and now look fitty mmm
totally gross soda it's dog drool that's
the name of it who says SunChips my very
everybody knows that I'm gonna sit on
blog is there a note no milk
Henry from North Carolina thanks for the
centrist buddy has her game night chips
now oh yeah this one's coming up from
Tracy I caught the name before he opened
it smile more baby smile more the
smallest packet swedish fish I've ever
seen oh I think we got another toy box
here you know what's so funny
for the past two weeks my brother comes
over here and each night he's like
Peggotty playing cards I'm like why
don't I have playing cards somebody just
sent us a pack of playing cards that's
got far like that logo
let me see look he's got a little button
on the bottom if you push thank you the
little jumpy this guy it looks like you
barely made it here hey fur in there
it's alive there's fur in there
whispering had we opened it sooner you
might have live just kidding guys just
kidding
that is a real raccoon tail squirrel
ain't no squirrel yes oh yes prank so
yours all broken electronics go to Noah
Atwood yeah see if you can cover it up
that red dot wall no no no that's it boy
keep trying Lord there's a little
packages hope you guys can see as a
laser on the long yeah it's like a
kitten man he'll be snort snort snort it
you got it boy I keep trying
Iron Man wouldn't give up Thanks
fake broken electronics Angie thanks for
the cool sign and the raccoon tail and
the laser pointer and all the cool stuff
bless you what do you mean Go Go Power
Ranger news
Kane Oh Kane ever show you my tail I can
wag it
I can't wag it don't pull it don't it's
some artwork
what's it is it from I don't know if
this was done with it come on
oh yes am see this you can hang from
your wall and it's all homemade you have
helped me through all my troubles and I
will never
one day forget to smile more awesome Sam
thanks buddy this is going right in our
smile more store for sure I don't know
what you're putting this coffee but he's
got me boom maybe think maybe it's the
electricity from our boy hey are we out
here mama
Noah's alright we got a cool co2 car
which and I don't remember what mine was
I'm ever making these in what junior
high high school yeah this is not our
first year to car we gotta look can't we
just get one not yeah we did another
Oliver dick that's to all of us tonight
I live in Michigan every day no I live
in Michigan every day I come home from
school and look forward to watching your
vlogs I'm giving you Kane this smile
mark har that I made in wood shop it's
awesome dude it's a funky design so I
like it wait you get to make this an old
wood shop yes yeah yeah dude wood shot
was definitely one of my favorites cuz
you just get them cut stuff up
Texas Bryce from Texas creeper do you
know where the big creeper isn't we have
it's it's a little baby oh yeah I know
Conrad and then we're playing how many
bags of cars
Mama's like no more cars she's
practically walking on these things all
day
I only I've ever had a stuffed animal
camel that's that's a that's a first
right there so needs to make a montage
every stuffed animal Keynes grabbed and
hugs it's so fun from Amazon there's no
no no hello al look man is he gonna do
the hug again yeah he just gives it
instant love love hugs lots of snacks
this is so I know it is bad that's what
this is oh my god it's just a hundred or
so Noah's right you dried out I will not
date Roman Atwood I will not to smile
more look even in the little spaces down
it says no people love you dude told
through mom now now you guys are all
yawning I'm sorry so Liam sent not just
the markers that he made them with but a
whole bunch of smaller pictures I
realized what those kind of markers are
thinks they're building building markers
take them off and smell them aren't they
too smelly markers smell it it just
sounded bunny sniff that murder
good now that sounds like cherries this
one smells mean Apple or yeah let me say
let me smell I like mint spearmint
there's something wait I think this is
toothpaste oh it is that is what it
smells like toothpaste okay what's that
they must have been out of sour apple
this one's crazy hey what you got
hang on hang on let's see what Liam made
with all these markers okay I'll smell
that one so does that mean the painting
smell Michael Icarus Wow
so Liam oh we made us all one they're
all smile more pictures with our names
on them always thought my name right
before getting it people are starting to
get it right to the store whoa occulta
you think brown's poop just try it see
if it smells like blue you chocolate
what that's amazing
we're just all sniffing the markers are
they yes markers that are meant to be
sniffed who would have thought yeah they
follow that because the actual markers I
kind of like the smell buffer they're
bad for your brain
Aidan from Kansas tons of basketball and
football car Mike yes I machine I used
to collect cards man I had books of
cards I forgot that this existed I
really like this I used to love
collecting football cards
they've gotten a lot nicer that's my man
our football cards that nice now these
are like plastic Wow look at that look
how nice they are
love your blogs my favorite youtuber by
the way tell Brittany that she is the
sweetest girl I have ever seen where
have you seen her who is that who is
this Liam guy oh I forgot to tell you
you are a lucky man to have I'm very
lucky guys for sure Liam thank you what
did mr. Liam said I feel like I'm so
lucky guys Turner it's a really long
charger for lightning cable for your
phone her phone Mike I just stole mine I
feel like I see this Liam a lot is it
just me or is Liam send a lot of stuff
you don't know it's just Liam or Lee
manga what is mom's credit card
cool Liam thanks buddy
whoa Swamp juice is calling my name hey
guys my name is viktoria from North
Carolina I try to watch your blogs every
day I've been a Roman soldier for about
a year every day before I go to bed I
watch your blog stirs so basically it's
become a part of my daily routine that
is awesome your blogs have changed the
way I think of life and it's turned a
lot of my situations into positive ones
that's that's what we what I love yes um
there's a lot more but that's awesome
okay this might be for you
well I oh that one's for you too
it's not for me that's coming for you
mrs. Raman all back I wish it was for
you too oh this is a UH this is full of
crowns Texas thank you so much Victoria
thank you
Kane this looks like mommy in the
morning doesn't it
I don't know this is striking
resemblance do it go what is this
that is her open before Christmas we
almost missed that deadline it's gonna
quit are you guys ready get ready not
just Christmas the new year there's so
much in this month violent crime even
the toys separate put those cards back
in the box
okay yeah I need to we're getting quite
the pile of gadgets here I had a gasps
guests gasp guests
yeah guests what is it gasps it's you
know the I don't know if you ever seen
them in Minecraft in the water all the
ones that fly and shoot lasers yeah
pretty much yeah I'm just making up it
goes satin played with these Minecraft
guys was Holly two hours the other day
watching your videos daily now for close
to three years I'm 20 Wow four days
after my 15th birthday is diagnosed with
all leukemia I went through high doses
of radiation and chemo sister was a
match for bone marrow and I had Wow holy
cow here whoo
oh hang on hang on hang on I can't cut
you off but my battery's flashing Hannah
go get any battery I'm subscribed worst
timing so Paul is cancer free what a
great win in that story so glad it went
that way
I just thought I was trying to help put
a smile on your family's faces with
these huge Christmas stockings for
decoration we're Santa to stuff that my
mother knits year-round while she
watches TV
wait his mother made this yeah oh yeah
it's awesome uh not only does it make us
happy but you inspire other people
dealing with the exact same problem to
keep fighting and you can beat it like
that is the most wonderful and we know a
lot of people fight any saint well
they're giant stomping some X rocks my
gosh it is oh wait what your name is on
that oh then there should be sake sakis
Miss Martha called stalking
that it excellent question I actually
have never thought about that when
they'd be called stockings maybe cuz she
look at that you know what we might have
to replace ours on the man so different
kinds of red one oh yeah it is you're
the girl of the group
he's already nice he's like yeah that's
cool man don't know what it is whoever
made this is the best ha ha ha I need to
get a suit like that for real
why pictures of all of us
oh no the back says small more info age
11 years old named Rylan how long I've
been watching the vlogs 1 and a half
years Wow mommy start getting in those
year marks that's dedication
what you see over here lots of lots of
room for robots use this huh yeah that's
about what 20 30 pounds I just grabbed a
letter been digging in the Box for a few
minutes oh yeah he has Franklin he's 13
from Michigan he plays lacrosse and I've
decided to give you one of my lacrosse
balls what does that mean yeah oh yeah
right here I'm not sure that I've ever
felt a lacrosse ball
what's a lacrosse oh yeah what's the
game with the net like that it's like uh
you hold the pole with the net on it
scooper and you throw him at each other
oh wow that was her to get hit I love
that so he watches us every day he said
I know it's a little late but I got kin
of birth bacon just some toys of mine
that my mom has been begging me to get
ha ha I have a feeling that that's a lot
of where these toys are coming from just
like here send these but these are cool
for our kids these are awesome
a bunch of sock monkey oh my yeah
canes like you got my interest oh yeah
those are sweet already what looks like
for you litter today a nose for you
Brittany wow that's a lot of stuff in
there
this comes in from the UK William Weaver
from the UK he subscribed back in April
of this year but started watching back
in 2010 I had a car accident no nine
fractured my lumbar spine lumbar spine
which is in your lower back I spent four
weeks in the hospital and had body brace
and crutches and still got one crutch
when I came home one week before
Christmas as watching YouTube and you
put a smile on my face and changed my
life and the way I look at life that's
awesome
ordered one of your smile more
wristbands in blue and blue t-shirt and
two black stickers to put on my new car
also when I look at it I smile and it
reminds me of your youtube vids man
thanks Willie and I'm glad you're
getting back
up on your feet yeah keep fighting
buddies yep he's the one that sent the
sock monkeys but suck roses I sent you
in your family one for each of you and
one for Grandma she stayed every night
we do man love that's true
oh thank you thank you thing that's from
William oh thank you very very
thoughtful of you and get back off get
off them crutches why well well well we
get a lot of Bibles that's the times is
really nice oh holy the unofficial Holy
Bible for minecrafters Wow
oh my gosh what it is not swollen - no
game boy advance know if Kim Possible
can't possible it's compulsory like what
you don't know who Kim Possible is no
idea I sorta works perfect awesome can
you see from James James James bezants
thanks James man you have to send your
eyes your cane boy although I'm sure the
kids or Britney oh yeah laughing oh oh
well I like those old-fashioned types
that's that yeah I mean you know what to
do this one's coming in from Maria from
Florida and it looks Wow holy cows that
color pencil it is like this
that is a mate look Kate somebody drew
this for us 16 years old Maria Rodriguez
good job Samir it's so fun I love what
you guys send look at this
that's color pencil one she's 16 Wow
this is amazing
Jason sends a bunch of cars and another
little piece of art we're gonna do an
entire wall just your guys's art it is
yeah we're going to show you guys soon
what we've been working on and when you
see it all you're our everything's gonna
be there oh my gosh what they think
alike
so Jase Jaron sorry Jared said son
Jibson whoa that's a good drawing - and
this is airbrush of a lightning storm
you guys are so talented I could finish
raw like this if I had to choose your
appearance what buddy
where are you that's it that bad shovel
alright guys that's all the mail for
this flood we got a lot of it done
we are actually collaborating with
minecraft who sent us a code to play
their new game free what do you think
it's so excited
no has always been a big fan of
Minecraft I've played it cane like like
it's just one of them games like
everybody plays this new one is like
story mode it's Minecraft story mode
I know have you played this at all I've
only seen it with one play well Owen has
it amateurs yeah it's like a I like you
can actually like move around whoa it's
not just out of like a movie you
actually are the guy yeah just like all
the best parts of Minecraft but you like
choose the story so like what you do
your actions and your decisions change
the entire story it's insane it's like
everything you do changes the story
mm-hmm that's complicated it's like it's
like watching a movie that you design
yeah pretty much it's like I don't know
how to explain it it's like watching a
Minecraft movie that you control and
it's like it's unique it's it's it's
something that I've never seen before
it's totally different awesome it's
really cool it's like I'm watching no in
movie minecraft asked us to collaborate
like heck yeah this is like grateful
whole family know is definitely if you
guys want to check it out off with the
link in the description check out the
game it's definitely a cool sit down
play and libraries like you get the big
choices through the whole thing so big
shout out to minecraft thank you guys
for sending us this I'm sure we're gonna
get a lot of you 7oa
it's definitely gonna get a lot of use
out of it and I'm just gonna chill and
watch him think we got everything we
need
oh no not you baby oh you smell good you
got a bath so cool that's crazy is like
yours and uh like oh geez all of our
switches cameras like yeah great great
day guys what a fun day thank you all
for sending your mail and you're just
we're just hanging out was really good
day really good Sunday it's mommy down
here okay wait wait twat show you the
house downstairs from the mail we got to
get ready for bed guys
know is not going to bed yes school in
the morning you guys ready for the
aftermath kaboom so much to sort and go
through and organize and clean and the
trash all the cardboard and paper Wow
hey beautiful girl ha ha
you ready call it a night a little drink
I don't need you filling your pirate
ship full of pee say bye to them that
you know much stuff they sent you say
bah you wanna do one spot on
whoever got the handcuffs whoever got
the handcuffs he has not put them down
alright we are gonna do once upon a time
I will see you guys in one second
we're jut we've interesting you're
trying to get it in focus but it's still
a little blurry it just won't work with
us I think really bright and then you
press record it goes hi guys we are
calling it a day Thank You Leon and
today thank you guys for all being here
I hope you enjoyed today's vlog it was
kind of a promised mail vlog that we've
been putting off a little bit thank you
for everything
whether you sent a gift or not thank you
for watching thank you for being part of
our family and that's it for today happy
yeah anything we want to ask these crazy
guys still don't get many challenge
ideas yesterday I went through the VA
not really I mean there was a lot but oh
I can't said yeah I mean come on get out
of here before you guys you sleepy yeah
we love you thank you thank you thank
you we will see you tomorrow don't
forget how awesome you are you're one of
a kind smile 3 2 record
