there is just no hope for me right now
Oh what's up guys good oh geez
hey hey hey love you you're ready to see
me it turn into a cake right right yeah
Brittany's gonna go out and get
everything we need I'm gonna stay here
get like look at me I'm alright
what do we need just icing lots of cake
icing maybe get some like gummi bears
but I cannot breathe Brittany's gonna
take the camera take you guys out forget
all the cake stuff and I'm gonna stay
here with the boys
oh I can just run down the road but I
don't know what I seen there gonna
happen they should you taking this
camera yeah I love you let's go guys
let's go buy this song just came on and
I was like if Robyn was in here right
now he'd jump out of the car this is
this this is the song last time that he
was like trying to sing oh my gosh
this place is closed okay so that place
doesn't open till noon so I got like 40
minutes
I'm gonna call Rome and I guess I'll go
to like pardon that's like next door and
see cleaning anything from the house
better answer call has been forwarded to
an automated voice messaging system
fine okay that was not the race this is
what I need there boxes and then you
just add water so we still have to make
them and add water
um but I got four boxes one box makes 64
cupcakes so I think that should be it
maybe she get one more just thank you
okay let's see if Roman has any reaction
I'm gonna take one box of the icing mix
and um let's just see what he says I'm
thinking he's gonna say wait that's not
what it is and you're gonna need more
than this hi mama
where's Roman shower oh let's see if
this works
hi hey I got it
that's cake mix please you have to make
it yeah make it I thought it was just
like you just scoop it out and put it on
so today I'm all you're gonna get hit
with this sprinkle cannon huh sprinkle
cannon oh goody
you never done that before it's whoa you
upgraded yeah I don't know I thought
they were with you so yeah I got a nice
shower while you're gone I don't know
why cuz I'm just gonna get covered in
stuff yes what the heck you got some
bread did you stop at the market well
I've been hit with flour yes I can get
me here yes we're gonna load these
sprinkles up probably only like that
much into that tube and shoot it at me
really yeah okay sounds like a good idea
why this is big enough that for that
full of icing yeah oh my god you got way
too much I can already tell you that
your mati no we're gonna do like the
chest up you're gonna shoot my legs yeah
mom yeah arms to your fades in your head
yeah we gotta how many this off isn't it
like I'm gonna be extra sweet today oh
you think this is gonna be big enough
pot let's get our dismantled gingerbread
house out of here on to our next baking
project did you blow it up no it came
broken you ready Oh
hmm you know this pots not you know
close to me no that's one no it's not
let's just make two and see how much it
is and then we can make more well mom
I'll just did away with the ginger but
we're gonna eat that sorry
hey go go now ready watch one this you
tough guy huh a mixer Oh thought I
wasn't make sure that's gonna be enough
yeah
so fluffy Jane's preparing for battle
then time tangent veins veins are
popping out of his face I'm gonna set up
this cannon let's get going
dude easier gonna hurt I can't even
think about that like the pain the pain
baby oh it's okay I think it a bit much
sympathy don't I did it it don't did it
attendant initiative why did I buy this
thing it's time to break the seal on the
sprinkles yep
you gonna cut it that low yeah hey smell
good Wow
Waverly we didn't put the plug in it oh
I don't know if you need to with these
yeah don't be back out I'm gonna put a
little plug in it I would say what would
you say I won yet
it's a bazooka boys Rove loggin I see no
no I guess the more the better it's
nothing to go through it
I thought Keene was gonna be sneaking
sprinkles over there all right
deffenbaugh huh oh yeah nice
dude that won't even faze this bag no
not even faze it
we are preparing for sprinkle warfare
let me help you with this yeah it's
gonna be like four cups nah one more I
just give it Kenny yeah once you tilt
the gun down its gonna start pouring out
yeah all right don't spill that I'm
gonna get the slo-mo cam setup Noah are
you gonna run the slo-mo cam why do I
come up with these dumb ideas I just set
up a slow-motion camera and why do I
make bets with you guys like should I do
it yes you guys are gonna see us every
time what are you doing oh my god thank
you it's amazing I don't know what all
this is those take that on oh we're
talking logistics
I know much they were shorter shorts but
I think we're just gonna aim for chest
up yeah so but go ahead and like icing
my hands and face oh I think Oh take
that shirt off
don't you say take it off see the light
you know what I worry about is if I flex
all the sprinkles are gonna blow back at
you guys fuck it here we go Oh gonna
heated it up mm-hmm
don't you heat how's that what am i
doing uh no idea make it nice and thick
it won't wake up a sprinkle proof vest
on oh it's already on the chair yeah not
on my back
oh oh so cold
well it's probably better than when
you're in Finland and that will never
live that down oh you love us not you
yeah I see me oh you know what Brittany
like sprinkles so much she's perfect
purposely turning me into a sprinkle man
hmm that's one you know what I'm gonna
be so mad if the sprinkles don't stick I
can feel all the icing just like the
weight is coming down okay we don't need
it back here mmm
it's not so cold but I'm not a baby
all right new internet challenge the
sprinkle I'm kidding don't do this mmm
you're not fire sprinkles at yourself
this is how far the Internet's gone I'm
here
whoa my arms like glued one yeah why
stop the run day slo-mo cam for now I
have to teach young what yeah girl
well don't you like move something I've
got it all set up you're just going to
push that middle button and then make
sure I'm in the shot wow it looks like a
white shirt on camera
I'm cake boy coming to bake your cake
it's daddy
hey is it your birthday you're not to
bake your cake hmm so funny dad how's
that safety frekin get in I know it's
gonna help me grow oh yeah
what am i hair you might as well do the
math just not my eyes yeah what do you
think I was gonna do it's so heavy
mm-hmm
there's no safety on this thing oh okay
three to record shoot wait no I didn't
go either well mine went but one three
to record what you're all do it again
you'll get more and go fill it yeah all
that look oh my gosh now look at all
alright so she got tore my ear off with
that one oh if you thought we're gonna
do it again I'm not happy with that we
need harder faster more sprinkles look
they've heard it all yeah we felt like
it ripped my ear off my time soon but
now good
okay ready huh yep I think so
three two like stop my well my niece too
much wrinkles on you nailed it
too big of a mess I thought it'd be
worse so I can shoot my hand so I can
shoot you at the hose now you leave this
mask that's pretty awesome little worse
it's getting like glue wait how are you
gonna get it off you didn't get come off
in the shower riot it's water-based
probably get well I'm gonna get the most
of it off yeah nice big part from his
nap - it was a big burn more no it's not
coming on yeah just go get in the shower
well I want to get the dick of it off
those are all of these a weird will oh
my he wants my dish soap like Dawn dish
soap we'll probably get it wrong yeah I
know I said peacefully on yeah look oh
my soul
well maybe that's good cake I see right
there when I'm done I'll pipe in case of
the kids that's it
you ready to make this gaming video yeah
Cain you won't make a gaming video
alright guys we're gonna jump right into
it we got taters then we're gonna play
some Just Cause 3 Noah's on the
controller right now and I'm literally
filming it with another camera so
forgive the quality it's very generic
there's people on the bridge there's all
trees what other people in the bridge
guys those are that's perfect yeah here
we go
see oh my huh did where do those people
go oh you strum strip ha ha oh look he's
stuck whoa help him he's so lucky get
him out of there rescue him we're just
pulling off as well going for the double
doing the double
aah okay can you do two games it well
all important or another person mm-hmm
awesome hitchhikers they need some help
no what no car works just fine lady
you know what she's doing is she doing
well she can have it Lynx is faster
that's a cool car huh
oh she mad I mean to say hurt maybe a
yellow interior that's an interesting
color pattern mmm take it boy what up
good do something the wings why don't
you hook her to it doesn't she since she
loves her car so much you take her with
you
now drive all my gosh
haha she won't let go and oh oh she
wanted was a joke scar oh shit she
flipped the whole gun oh my god he's
dangling like a fishing lure oh she let
go I let her go oh dang relentless I
don't know if any of you guys played uh
Just Cause 2 but no and I used to live
on it man we used to go right to the
airport hooks up to the planes and take
off airports in yourself 3 there has to
be this one is our well there's a place
we just started this so like you
immediately free roam so we've just been
goofing off she see through the ones we
go look at the view it's amazing
especially at dark is it good dirt yeah
this little town Oh gas station oh
they're already mad at you let's up
shoot it or actually I'll get behind
this milk you know I want to see it oh
my gosh oh my god dude the slow-mo do
they still want to saw you you're in
trouble you're in trouble boy Oh even if
I do straight down oh I've seen birds do
that in real life I go straight down on
the road actually seeing birds do that
yeah and die I've seen birds fly
straight into the ground die
oh yeah or I hit a window if you ever
seen one hit a window not real
my own video I remember sitting in class
this one classroom maybe two birds the
whole year
don't hit the glass and our teacher let
us go outside never be a dead bird oh
dude this was to Claire's you blow the
thing up everything oh my gosh oh my
dude how are you alive whoa-oh you know
you're hurt when there's no audio Oh
swimming with the fishies huh what's
really cool these have the rafts Adam oh
they come out oh you go to him go
love each other oh I can't oh you can
totally break through there go for it
oh you rattling the walls you gotta get
out of there now
gah Oh
a little more broke that's crazy
yeah go use the back and play bumper
cars
yeah you got that your old car is gonna
blow up by the time again you're just
making new spots ah it's my grapple like
ripping the hand he did it like all
these old people don't even know what's
going on also it's my turn now everybody
leaves me you better come back camera
and version yeah sure you guys noticed
by now I play inverted which is
different than everyone else I know
check this guy out
sweep it with no sweep he's good he's
got no broom go up in your room and get
your broom now yeah
this guy looks so bored see how he feels
about this no no no don't put it on and
put them on The Bachelor doesn't know
mm-hmm Picabo
he's still sitting on nothing
he has no care for anything all right
let's step it up a notch the dude is
sitting in thin air let's see hey all
right
not done with hell no not done with your
magic moves
hmm got some strong legs listen I see
how you feel about this see how you feel
about this oh oh he's watching he wants
it he wants it he want all this guy's
good this guy's good yeah he has no care
for me all right step it up a notch all
right buddy let's see how you like this
one the wheels are yeah but if i hook
the van there and then I ramp off
there we go bungee jump oh hey I'll be
the scariest situation ever
can you imagine three two one
Karen goes the man's still up that's Oh
little bit of gameplay for you guys I
hope you enjoyed we didn't have a whole
lot of time my brother and his kids are
getting ready to come over so we're
going to wrap it up just a little bit
for you tell me if you want us to do a
lot more of games we have all kinds of
fun I think that's my turn face all
right guys we're warping into the end of
this video hope you enjoyed the whole
vlog um if they come up with some new
ideas what can Brittany do why am i
doing the stupid stuff oh I wasn't
stupid oh oh we stock to go skydiving we
are but it's winter here we have to
travel for that which we're working on
guys don't worry we love you guys so
much we'll see you tomorrow what some
cool challenges that may be obvious I'll
do more but what's something I think of
you you your turn your tongue love you
guys you're awesome don't forget it
smama here we go here we go Gianna Jun
oh wow
it's bad if you guys to watch
yesterday's vlog Brittany did my entire
face and makeup and there
