ah hey guys how the heck are you I want
to take just a quick minute and thank
you guys I don't even know how to
express how I'm feeling right now this
channel broke a billion views guys this
is taken days they even even sink in and
realize a billion views that's some of
you guys did the math it was like almost
32 years if you count to a billion every
second you know just a few years ago I
remember calling all my buddies until
the story all the time I've called all
my buddies and we celebrated because one
of our videos got 50 views 50
and I'm not going to lie to you I felt
as excited then as I do right now at a
million like that was his big of
accomplishment to me as a billion so
what I guess what I'm trying to say is
don't stop don't stop doing it man just
like Dory says in finding me just keep
swimming
I'm telling you whether it's you know
maybe you have a youtube channel maybe
he's just starting a business maybe
you're trying it through school whatever
it is just keep swimming
maybe I promise you guys I just want to
say thank you if you've been here so
long with me you're seeing such a
journey and I just I don't know I can't
believe that any of this has happened so
that being said on my way to go get my
boy Noah
it's Friday for us and you know we're
hanging out I think we're gonna build
that gingerbread house and interesting
fall bones hello it's a secret okay I
forgot you ready to get Noah why - we
just waiting for him to come out whoa a
little ballerina what's up buddy oh how
was school good
hey no laughing don't you smile you know
a lot of smile no smiling you guys know
you're not allowed to be happy
no being happy no nailed it he's trying
Noah beat you so bad someone makes me
laugh I laugh like ha I know and it
makes the other guy feel like an idiot I
mean you had me believing you were
really unhappy make it a quick picks hit
stop make it a quick pit stop I can't
say it pip stop pit stop
so no and I have been waiting so
patiently for like years I feel like for
this game to come out it's finally out
it's been out all week I think but this
is my first day having Noah for the week
so I waited for him dent dent didn't
didn't I feel like we do mission
impossible every time we come here come
on let's go let's go slowpoke did always
feel like you're gonna eat it wearing
them boots the straight facial you guys
are already distracted you're already
just what is it
Octodad something Octodad I never heard
of that where's this game I don't think
I don't see it what all right this place
has to have it guys they just gotta here
it is
we got it no and I were huge just cause
2 fans like we played it like crazy you
know how much I hate smiling cane you
know you're not allowed hey we said no
smile and it goes for you too boy yeah
that's right
this is a smart it's a smile free zone
not bad laughing smiling is way better
huh we made it bud come on man so much
effort put into those scares
yeah wait you have something to show
Noah that's what I thought
he's been waiting like days to show you
this uh-huh he watched the vlog you want
to build it we need to build it so
what's happening what's happening guys
Cain has waited since he opened this
blog look at that face
stick together apparently these sides I
think what are you doing you're doing a
great job so you guys know uh this was
shipped in from one of you guys sent
this to us and you know it must have
broke in the box but you can see she's
trying to repair it I think you can do
it right here huh oh I feel so bad not
just for the person that sent it but
little Cain's been dying to do it what
do you think God we're try mmm don't you
switch at the Elmer's glue actually just
glue it together even anymore I know huh
why don't you ask him right now yes or
no if they want to do just cause oh yeah
any video stuff to eat anyway so let's
just eat it it just puts a little stuff
on there needed hey do you mean puts
another Kingsley he's like breaking my
heart this on like a pop-tart you just
want to decorate a wall we're gonna make
the best out of this gingerbread house I
wanna taste it you know it actually
looks like we built the house and then
Kane came around I try it then sure is
it edible
yeah come on try it Oh God is it good
icing so gum woohoo builds on let's just
eat it mmm
you should get a bunch of icing on it
whoa so good all right buddy
don't buy anyone you hear that no one's
gonna buy you a new one
let me see your eye oh he did get you
pretty good
dang dude no it was just like playing on
the floor and at the same time Kane
jumped up on the couch and his foot just
crack him in there well if you would had
a loose tooth he may have helped I do
have a looser and just didn't hit you in
the tooth
so no was in recovery method not a
little icing can't fix I'm sure we're
not the only one that's ever opened up
gingerbread house and have been in nine
pieces yeah what's this it's for you
really gain you're definitely getting
the most out of yours
how you gonna eat that you just have
more fun decorating I'm not here try to
do some with my my beanie hair I have no
hope here we go here we go gianna Jim
whoa whoa it's bad you guys don't watch
yesterday's vlog Brittany hid my entire
face and makeup and there's no way I got
it all off
hey you didn't look at me it does seem
like it yeah put it right here right
watch this so put it there
whoa look everything has physics to it
that's why I like this song so what if
me and Noah made some gaming videos
would you guys watch them this games so
ridiculous watch do it oh my god that's
it that's it no no I gotta make it look
cool just slo-moes you walk you gotta
walk oh there it is action heroes what
is going on it's still going easy okay
now I tie those two together I'm gonna
do a couple this is yeah I just so don't
break it completely
okay here we go do it I can't wait any
longer so it's so heavy that it wait
they're breaking it's gonna break oh oh
oh you did it I think this could be a
fun gaming video because it's just so
ridiculous like blowing up stuff
wrecking cars and skydiving I don't know
I can't wait I don't know why I got to
grab them or not
would you want to make gaming videos
yeah look at that even this I can just
pull it everything so dude hook a gut
hook a guy to some oh it only hurt for a
second pains temporary or is that where
where's that guy think he's gone he's on
a treadmill hey cars are funny and take
me up to the fifth floor oh it's like
the instant elevator instigator oh my
gosh
all right go oh my god no more beanie
hair I'm gonna hide it now seriously
guys if I'm down here that means it's
time to do some business
responsibilities I hate to cut this off
so short another short vlog for you but
tomorrow is we're gonna aim for the cake
cannon with the sprinkle cannon flower
cannon whatever it's called and our
first ever gaming video Mino and Kane
are going to make our first ever gaming
video so it should be a really full vlog
of fun stuff and I won't be tied to the
smile more stuff tomorrow
it's that Christmas season there is just
nothing I can do I got work work work on
this stuff
I mean let me show you 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 12 13 14 15 anyway you guys see how
much we're taking to the post office
that's another 15 boxes right there
thank you thank you for everything guys
we will see you tomorrow you know what
let me know if you're interested in the
gaming video tell me in the comments do
you want to see a gaming video Noah is
pumped I'm pretty excited to do it and I
think we can just make some fun stuff
you know fill the vlog with some new
entertainment we love you guys we'll see
you tomorrow thanks for everything
smile more looks good it was very
natural no I don't even oh my god
