what's up guys it's frigging freezing
game at four years old you don't care
what the temperature is it doesn't
bother you like when you get older the
temperature bothers you guys I hope
you're having a wonderful day just
soaking it up a little bit with my boy
here you guys sent us all these tees and
now he grabbed a hammer this morning he
grabbed tees and said let's go outside
and he's just been hammering him in the
ground
carpenter Cain there's something so fun
about just whacking a golf ball and I
know nothing about golf nothing no one's
yours that nice hit that one geez yeah
guys just kind of goofing off sitting in
the yard hanging out with my boy
Britney's inside doing a bunch of
cleaning and uh just stuff that she does
listen to Justin Bieber or something I
don't know she's okay what's going on in
here looks like you got the junk drawers
out hey tape measure how can we rebuild
that old room that we're done ah oh my
gosh that doesn't look like that since
we moved in our dishwasher still broke
yeah oh my gosh what did you do it
everything cuz I know this one used to
be full of candy now just mints and gum
it's in Kane's reach Kane and I just ran
in yesterday we asked you guys in the
vlog if you think we should make a human
cake
that's where Brittany covers me in cake
icing who shoots me with the flower
cannon full of sprinkles I think it's a
great idea I really want to do it Kane
you want to go shoot this just fill it
with flour you all right gotta get some
paper towels okay that's what we use for
the warning that's what we putting down
the barrel take that I'll show you we
just put this paper towel in yeah and
this is what blocks all the powder
so when you dump it in you wanna dump it
in for me you got it
oh there's a big hole whoa that's a big
one
yeah three two one that sounds cool Wow
oh let's see
now imagine that full of sprinkles and
me covered in cake icing hilarious like
I gotta do it right it's not even I
shouldn't even ask like I should just do
that okay guys so today is exactly one
of those days that you would get on
YouTube and go to my channel and there'd
be no vlog today is that day
but we had we had we had so much crap
today
business smile more store family things
and I was just like there's gonna be no
of long and then Britney begs me to do
my makeup I'm not even kidding
let me do your makeup line nobody wants
to see that I'm literally getting ready
I'm so good on let me do your makeup
this is dumbest thing I ever heard in my
whole life I do a bit I don't want to do
this at all like I'm completely opposite
of that I can't wait to see you when you
wake up in the morning I'm not washing
so bare with me guys we are going to
make the best out of this vlog I know
that it's not your typical all day of
our life but we just and we've been
buried in some stuff that we gotta get
done my heart my heart dilly hock in it
Hockley hot look I haven't even tried
anymore guys but I
some of the snake up this little box I I
know you more than that why don't you
teach our viewers what you use by the
way guys what I use though I grab stuff
that I don't use I get the crap that's
fine that's right that going on your
face it's just the preppin prime I swear
if you guys say I look better after this
I'm gonna be so set it's just is it cold
oh wait
Weiss you do not do that I've never
walked in and you might be splat you're
painting me huh scigirls do you know
there's no hope for me makeup or not
nothin like that where you got it doing
makeup if you guys haven't noticed I
think we actually haven't quite Miss
Saturday to go and have my makeup done
show me how to do it
who does that guys can you imagine a
girl making a phone home really yo what
up dude can you make it three I'm not
gonna lie I put on makeup for the blogs
before like final like over a pimple not
like yeah like really embarrassing ones
I'll go in and dab a little her stuff on
her at me I don't like that look
hi you better see aren't you glad we
uploaded today see on them days I don't
upload and you guys like you should
upload in something this is exactly what
I would upload may be stuck stop me well
correct me in front of viewers I want to
run away from your main brush so bad
nobody paints I feel like a canvas right
now if I was doing your makeup you would
look so jacked up maybe that's the next
video you look like you crush a rock
FliG my mom like never taught me how to
do makeup it was just kind of like I got
a couple things and as always just I
have so much extra
but better is it just me oh my god you
feel like Picasa totally hydrate have
every day wow there's like no way I'm
gonna spine to spy on you tomorrow just
watch you not do that okay um this
year's everything really pink and red
but my face oh that's not no it's not
look I'm wearing a mouse put him on
y'all not putting this on the wall
no ever knows no vlog eyeliner uses on
the wet line which you peel yeah on the
wet line you peel open it no I can't do
that um but no this feels like on top
which I'm so nervous you guys see my
hands and stuff like I'm like let's do
some eyebrows let's fill in your
eyebrows severino's I'm fill in my
eyebrows I'm no eyebrows she a note a
tune yeah totally
whatever I did my makeup here like watch
BS you guys have no idea how many what
you guys have no idea how many times I
tell her she shouldn't wear makeup he's
never told that's such a lie I love when
you don't wear my oh my go home looks
good it was very natural no I don't know
what he did
oh my god okay the good news is nobody's
watching right now so you can do
anything you want
let's move on today ah nice I can't
explain okay so from the last clip to
this clip I probably had a 30 minute
phone call right at least yeah I mean
that's how much is going on it's so hard
to take me seriously right now it's also
hard to like explain you guys how much
is going on the movie our movie is
coming out I have the release date
theatrical release date I wish so bad I
can tell you guys I'm actually under law
not allowed to tell you yet but it's
coming soon I promise
yeah my horse breath oh honey this is
lipstick or chapstick yeah maybe there's
a reason
hey do you know I've been thinking I
can't go close this up what what Clojure
I know much haha I'll open too much cuz
it'll go up here like this I got saggy
lids okay that's good hmm
wait you're done no this is on one out
go a little heavy on the blush yeah give
it to me don't go cheap on me now Clark
open your eyes open no shut shut is
gonna keep blinking no just open it I
can do it but I'll do it you try it I
got this
he's go back and forth or what yeah now
I need to do the lip challenge and pop
my lips out there you guys have it
professional makeup tutorial right there
this is legit think I can go out like
this find a wig I keep my on a wig I've
all kinds of weird crap but I'm a wig
I'm sorry you look terrible
yeah well you did my makeup fat all
right - not totally Rick you guys off
with a vlog today I'm going to go ahead
in this should I sleep like this my
whole pull is gonna be my face you have
to wash it off okay I am going to we're
actually gonna go it's super light I'm
gonna go to bed our kids so up we gotta
go we have responsibilities as parents
I'm gonna pick this up tomorrow though
so I'm not gonna end it yet guys here we
go like one time not even a second ready
just like that guys good morning I'm a
mass there's no way I got all that
makeup off good morning how are you
buddy y'all give you girls mad mad
credit man not only do you have to put
that crap on your face every day but
then you got to take it off it's way
harder to take it's so hard like I'm in
there crying burning my stuff would you
give me because brutal yeah so I told
you I would continue a little bit today
I don't have much time I'm actually
going to get Noah from school soon I
just looked at my watch that I'm not
wearing cool guys I hope you're having a
wonderful day I'm about to dig into some
sausage gravy biscuit I know there's
gonna be a shorter vlog for you but I
swear honestly I wasn't gonna upload man
thank Britney really Thank You Britney
because I know I told you guys like a
few days girls like I'm not taking any
more days off and then all this crap
comes up and I'm like what do I do like
I'm such a sucker for like quality over
quantity and in the vlog world it's more
about like quantity you got it you just
kind of put up every day and like I'm
still stuck in my head that like I'd
rather put up nothing than a really bad
vlog so I think Britney did her best to
save the day for you guys and I
definitely thank her for getting this
video out now you got to teach her to
edit now I'm good so yeah we're gonna
have some breakfast here I'm gonna get
ready get this vlog done go get Noah
start off a really really cool vlog day
for today I love you guys and probably
gonna take off right now I need hey
smiley mommy this is I distract Cain
while you get your work oh yeah more
like that's how Cain distracts you we
out we got to go guys here's my question
for today would you rather know vlog it
all or this vlog seriously I want to
know hit me in the comments we'll see
them all freaking awesome don't forget
it smile more there's a chair for every
situation
you were doing something oh my gosh is
store so crazy oh I like this big world
map this would be awesome a big world
map I could tack up like I don't know
