three two one let's go let's go come on
let's go that's it that's it that's all
daddy gets no love huh
Kane guess what chicken butt what's up
my friends it's a beautiful well I mean
it is it's beautiful day I don't wanna
put too much business in here but this
is our second trip to the post office
today we are setting smile more World
Records here let me let me get that door
for you baby let me Oh I'm locking us
out this is round two is this is this a
world record the world record you guys
are crazy
tell them it's these guys you are doing
great we are we are lost it is just so
much did you bring backup today yeah I
got backup help yesterday with Michael
is here and we we brought a couple tubs
back we still have like a thousand of
them so like I said guys you are setting
a record for orders uh I don't know what
to say coming here if you can get in and
take a picture of all this stuff you can
I got it so just brought in this tub
this is from earlier oh my gosh you got
all these over here I'm pretty pissed
away all she's so funny guys
that's what it's like living with her
haha it's a lot are you laughing at me
oh so funny
Betty was how you guys doing I hope
you're having a great day you guys are
little pranksters now I'm in the
backseat cuz I couldn't get in the front
seat I just hang out with you you little
man my mom took off work today what is
going on
my mom took up work today and she wants
to hang out so we're gonna go pick her
up and go out for a little bit with her
we haven't really done that I don't know
the last time I just picked my mom up
and took off with her that's a pretty
cool sky right there
just pick mama up hey hey you hungry
yeah we're starving we haven't eaten
today Kane you hungry this place has the
funny pancakes oh you got a piggy bank a
what is that what says I made out of
chocolate hmm is it good I think I'm
more excited about it than you are
so palm outlet it is it's a home out
basically she's been wanting to go to
this home outlet for like years like you
used to go yeah and and I don't know
what happened you don't go anymore so
we're gonna go check it out it should be
cool it was stuff just stuff for the
house I can come on up it ready you
ready to go it's Katy mr. gentleman you
know where he gets that from me his
mother it might be true Brittany's open
more doors for me than I'm open for it
no that's not true
I'm always I know I got to step it up so
we're taking a two-hour road trip this
place about two hours away you can have
shotgun Oh awesome
I'm gonna sit back with Kane I gotta
upload yesterday's vlog in the back seat
this I got it I got it baby see I'm a
gentleman we are on our way up and it's
really nasty gloomy out I had a funny
story that my mom didn't even remember I
started saying I was like wait let me
tell it on the blog so
we did this thing in the past where you
guys asked my parents questions to ask
me you guys really liked it so I'm just
going to tell a story and then you can
add to it and you're like so it was cold
it was wintertime this is when I still
lived at home and I think I used to have
a truck that I was banned from because I
got caught in this farmer's field I
think they actually told this in the
last vlog so my dad took my truck for me
and then I had my really old car that
wouldn't start and my dad said well you
have to get to schools to start your car
it was wintertime whose freezin do you
remember this at all never at all so I
was so always in trouble son I was so
mad at my parents for making me try to
start this old car was in 1972 Plymouth
Valiant I was so mad that I had to get
this thing started and get to school
that I got in I was like fine I slammed
the door in my window shattered out my
family remember the glass so then good
story so then not only did I have to get
my car started I had to drive it to
school with no window in the middle
winter ups for a reason
it's the vastness is you you work on
school no matter what I can't lose your
temper either then losing my temper is
what shattered my whip dough said it was
double trouble funny thing is like what
like Oh make sure you put on your coat
like don't get too cold you know put the
hat on and then once you're older it's
like figure out yeah I can drive to
school with no window yeah you guys
actually it was a good lesson like it
was actually a good lesson like they
taught me a lot because getting mad
never solved anything
like every time I got mad I regretted it
every single time
ya know why you learned so much I know
and you guys didn't put up with it
they didn't put up with it my friends
were like oh you know if your window
have fun driving to school no window
so every year you know you remember you
guys were allowed to wake us up to get
open your presents early
this is Christmas time they would let me
and my brother get up early so we were
so excited for Christmas right we really
never paid attention to what time but we
said after a while it's like it can't be
before 6:00 a.m. so you guys wake us up
we're dead tired because you literally
just go to sleep after preparing for
Christmas it's time to get up so you
guys wake us up and you open your gifts
and everything and we go back to bed for
like jack replay and it turns out you
messed up a little bit later you guys
had turned the clocks back every clock
in the house so they could open their
prescient rule and we went back to sleep
because it was like 2:00 a.m. no it was
for like I don't remember what time it
actually was but me and my brother Dale
the issue
I don't remember exactly what time it
was with me and my brother jail we had
just got to sleep and Dale changed all
the clocks in the house so that we can
get up since early it's time to open
kiss that was army man we were so
honored yeah you got us
we got you got me good got him do that
nowadays
oh yeah everything yeah we didn't have
closets aquatic we got to do monster
yeah it wasn't much to change we only
had a couple clocks it wasn't we'd have
cell phones it was no cell phones that's
crazy
we really didn't even know about you
guys fast up to it we were proud of it
we had to tell you about we did yeah we
got you let me get that door for you
hey yeah but not while I blog
hey guys we made it place is massive
we made it the building goes as far as
you can see how do you walk through this
place it's not a mall it's not a mall
it's one store a retail side look at
this giant Nutcracker can just your
chitta tchin-tchin
do you think I am I think they're
building some type of army or something
here it's a toy toy soldiers ready or
not here I come
this is the ultimate hangar seek store
Shh that wasn't that good of a spa what
you think your shirt was going to blend
in TV see we can find you guys shucks
kings and hunting skills
he's looking her own I think he found me
there's a chair for every situation you
were doing something oh my gosh is store
so crazy oh I like this big world map
this would be awesome a big world map I
could tack up like I don't know special
guests can put their tax up where
they're from there's a lot of people
coming from overseas here soon
if you can just be like tacking where
they live that would be cool
alright guys I ran outside real quick
and I found this little baby bear in the
woods man he's a feisty one ridiculous
oh it's hard to do with an audience guys
quit watching me Jim hey he's cool he is
so cool check him out
hey baby give me a kiss baby no okay we
are leaving here with two things
Brittany's got one of them and I've got
the other I can't wait to show you what
these are actually you got one too we
all left with one these are cool these
are for our guests that come stay at our
house just in case like backup and these
are for the kids that come to my house
there you go
okay so I'm not gonna lie we drove all
the way up there not that we were going
to just buy stuff but we only left with
two things and it was fun but we're
headed back we're just gonna warp home I
got really nothing for you on the drive
it's dark and uh yeah let's just get and
we made it so quick I love vlog travel
it's the best all right guys we're
warping back home cane literally most of
the drive home just asked if we can open
mail so I told him a few boxes it's
always more than daddy says huh all
right we'll do a couple of these in the
continuum hey you want to wait for mommy
are you just gonna hurricane it huh you
want to wait yeah what is it huh you
says says to the atwood family he was
not waiting on you by the way you just
happened to come out at the right time
please don't read in the vlog okay we
won't we read that part oh cool we don't
have one
thank you guys Jesus from but it says in
this letter that says do not read oh oh
are you going boy where you going can
you know what it is well these are
Christmas wands oh look at the little
Christmas trees you don't have those you
guys got her sprinkles she doesn't have
oh should I ask him about the sprinkle
cannon yeah permission
can you need help opening it it might be
fragile buddy
since when do we care about fragile yeah
dude that's a gingerbread house gonna
have to do it you want to build it
yeah make it you can't do it right now
we gotta wait for Noah oh dude
they sent the new green cheese puffs oh
yeah yeah oh these are so good oh yeah
for your tricks okay looks like I get
the whole box mmm what are you ten
you're so much like me it's scary that's
what you get for tricking me have a oh
wow always changer I said dart gun not
fart gun so far good from Zachary
Armstrong yeah 117 the sweet corn
festival and he's 13
whoa what's in there this is obviously
Noah's cool whoa a hundred jokes and
pranks there's always someone making
awesome stuff man I love it
cool
obvious minecraft t-shirt for Noah I'm
assuming we'll set that one for him
welcome to the super class okay this is
for a classroom oh that's sweet he's
like already opening the next book King
God look you got me you got a big banner
and a box of crowns dude hey guys if
anybody wants a babysit this week again
hmm hey how about I open that while you
clean up your mess no are you sure you
don't want to do that
final offer looks like mommy gets to do
it oh oh I want to ask you guys
something for real I got to ask you guys
something I want your permission all
right I need I need permission to do
this because I'll feel so bad if I just
do it without asking here's what I need
and I don't know how they're gonna tell
me so if you watch yesterday's vlog
somebody sent us a giant bag of
sprinkles
I mean gigantic we cannot use this mini
sprinkles I guess we could if we did
what I want to do with them so here's my
idea
hear me out Britney covers me in cake
icing cover thick cake human cake and
then we fill my cannon the cannon
launcher with sprinkles it's up to you
guys come on give me permission I want
to do this the human cake nobody's done
that I mean so many pies but I've never
seen it all this frame not even close
that container only holds literally this
much man maybe a little more than that
but
oh you already opened another okay who's
this one from we're keeping track
everything right yeah honey I will clean
up let me be a gentleman tonight
I already got dog dick not opening the
door Oh okay let's see it
hang on you wanna see who's from no just
little box good Liam it's from Liam
Germany this is all the way from Germany
dude I know you have no idea where that
is and how far it is I'm not looking
can I look
yeah
can I look Oh grab right there ready
tear I can't believe somebody sitting
Liam sent me a teddy bear really love
you know Brittany and Kane you make me
happy every day you made me a much more
positive person this is for Kane please
put it on vlog Thank You Liam and
obviously Kane loves your gift even
though he's already on the next one
that's it
Jacob from Hawaii sick oh look at you no
I getting h1 golf sup more golf tees you
guys honestly I'm I have more golf tees
and professional golfer this right
thank you Jonathan Jacob Thank You Jake
uh let me see let me juggle and she
better we only had three I can do like
12 but lunch right hand II cannot do 12
with my eyes closed
they were open the whole time - hey guys
bitten in the vlog last night what's up
trying to use Ray Smith dinosaur you
trick you you can't beat a little Lego
game is that what you're saying
is it hard game guess what you guys
don't even know this
hey guess what yacht B yeah oh my gosh
it's a huge dinosaur hey guess what
what we have some other reasons I didn't
want in the fog last night cause I knew
we would hit it today I know I know a
billion views on our blog Channel guys
can you look so excited about that you
don't even know what it is one ten
twenty billion it's all the same it's
all exactly the same didn't the blog
last night guys one come on here and
first of all say thank you a billion
views is like a number that's impossible
I don't know how to act if you counted
right now to a billion how long would it
take 30 minutes billion minute a billion
minutes no billions Ange I mean I mean
that's how long would that take though
is a billion seconds Oh we'll get yeah
yeah if you want to help stop the
conversation we love you guys I gotta
end this and get started with tomorrow
um yeah he's Kane's giving you guys a
lot of attention today we will see you
tomorrow thanks for everything you're
beautiful don't let nobody tear you down
man there's always gonna be somebody
trying to tear you down but there always
be us trying to bring you up King just
wants to show you Lego stuff whoa
guys before we go real quick should we
do the human cake tell me in the comment
section right now should we fill this
have Britney cover me in cake icing and
shoot this out of a cannon the human
cake okay say bye to everybody
look at them I love you guys we see them
all smile more you smell like a big bag
of dog hair
you smell like mcmaster hair huh you
smell like a big bag of dog hair peanut
butter jar hair I don't know what she's
saying
