Hey hey guys what is going on in here
we are making Plato Plato are you making
Plato I'd even know you can make Plato
oh boy is that pan hot um no what is
that
it's oil cream of tarter water salt and
flour cream with the extreme it's harder
it's a seizing this is how I make it is
this for his school mm-hmm oh cool dude
here's what I want to know is it gonna
smell like play-doh cuz that's the
secret ingredient right there it's a
salt yeah that's all I had to go get
more salt because we didn't know maybe
we should teach our viewers how to make
this is so cool oh you guys want to try
it I wish I was showing more of it on
the vlog but there it is we're probably
gonna need your help stirring that's
good don't you have one of them stirrer
blasters boom yeah just put it on the
trampoline and start jumping be very
careful so welcome to the outwards guys
hope you're having an awesome day we are
at well they're definitely busy it looks
like you guys along says take how long
soul process takes that's it and your
hot plate Oh No yeah can you and then
you can color it mm-hmm
where have I been my lovin under a rock
my whole life I didn't know you can make
play-doh
white play-doh is gonna be mad when they
find out you know about this hope your
guys's day is great it is is pretty grey
here pretty pretty gloomy it's easy to
be a little slow and more tired on days
like this man you gotta push through it
headed out real quick to get Noah from
school I can't wait to see if Britney
and Cain's play-doh works I never even
heard of that my life like need a new
hairstyle guys help me out I'm tired of
this man my hair just I don't even do it
anymore my god I'm just done with it um
what should I do
seriously oh I'm being dead serious I
think I'm gonna pick one of your guys's
choices I'm just going to do it maybe
hey we don't like my singing how was
school good anything funny happen
anything clever or anything you need
anything anybody kicked my class not you
Oh Brittany and Kane are making are you
ready for this
they're making played up like homemade
playdough
have you ever seen that dog I mean
either I'm ready to get home and see in
the home so weak you'd even try okay
wait this is what unit you actually made
playdough yeah holy cow it's legit this
is what you guys made while we were you
have so you made all that all of that oh
my well that's the one yeah
super cool I love it yeah what's up my
little guys convinced in it bent antenna
ready
wait for me Kane wait can't stop can't
stop no wait it's getting so fast all
right guys we just read it bounced out
of the house I want to let you know what
it's like for us as a family to decide
on what we want for dinner
it isn't but it was a bad idea
you wanted soap up he is nobody even
eats that yeah
see no it's just Mexican here's the
thing it was a good idea but it's the
opposite direction now right like she's
right but that's six minutes there and
back so rich fella decided we've
literally been in here just like what do
we eat right now
first thing that comes to mind what
sounds good go Mexican tea Mexican food
Bert just say it whatever sounds good
never heard of it what sounds oh he's
just eating fruit box he's not gonna
want to eat anything pizza chips candy
brownies chocolate ice cream I'm not
being any help making things difficult
this is real life guys this is our real
life right now bw3
No
somehow we have decided on Italian food
how did that happen
the kids love those white alfredo
noodles huh they're your fave you don't
need help no more good job I'm ready for
some snow how about you guys
snowman get the four-wheeler and the
sleds that's cabbage
are you all by yourself we got the boys
the boys slide tonight hey it's all
right mama can I go sit with mommy
can I can I can I
my buddy now hey can I go sit with mommy
no
sorry mom the boss has spoken
like a like a baby bird eating from his
mother
feed me full as always come on out oh I
feel good they give us these little
chocolates when we left and they're like
got me smiling ear-to-ear see the blue
ones mother oh you can't see them those
are wicked bright I don't know if the
camera shows it but they're like mess
with my eyeballs it's hard to look at
look at this tree Nakula so this year we
really want to find a cool place to take
the kids uh where there's a huge light
show for now we're just going through
he's thin there's a bunch of cool lights
running into this giant store full of
containers now this is an hourglass
ready it's like I'm go ahead flip it
whoa that's awesome
whoa what you said your office your
whole wallet that's pretty awesome
it would look so cluttered though it's
almost Christmas time dude huh what's a
rabbit you picked that out well he gets
a good choice
pretend to step on it
yeah I can snap it did tan don't plan
his iPad oh I never seen kids so excited
to forget the trashcan he needs one for
his room K needs one for his classroom
what are you thinking
cold what they got pink you know would
be actually really awesome for the house
is if all four of us had a locker by the
garage door so we all have our snow gear
our boots our coats our gloves or hats
$300 apiece give me some money give me
some money but like a drop of water and
either have containers for everything
look at this big small look at this
little container big ones you should be
a good like quick like one of those you
just put water Oh nervous seals
I don't you ready I shut this I don't
know how we managed to get out of there
with only a couple trash cans and the
kid is so random oh my god that milk
it's spilling everywhere
don't spill on aisle two what no why is
there milk
what's your milk back there
you kidding he just sits there is it old
mode you can toot all your shoes and now
it's on your seat Viet with family did
it oh my gosh guys you know sometimes I
tell you that we're just too busy to
vlog like we got is we own a business
like outside of YouTube we own a
business the smile more store is a
business even though it's in our
basement
it is a full-blown piece it blurry see
it is a business guys I mean we have
five people working every day down look
at this here's what's happened today's
cyber monday as you're well aware it's
one of the biggest shopping online days
of the year I think they said something
like three billion dollars will be spent
shopping today whoo I got to stop and
say thank you to you guys they're
supporting this company which is
supporting the family which is
supporting lots of people working I mean
today was insane I'll be lucky if we're
not down here for the next six mmm big I
think you guys set an all time smile
more record today on cyber monday it
will be incredibly hard to beat thank
you thank you thank you if you ordered
but you know what if you even watch the
vlogs thank you for those of you to go
beyond that and support the smile one
company holy crap guys honestly with
this amount of orders I expect to see
people walking down the streets of
t-shirts
I swear so please if you ordered
anything please post your pictures or
just send them to me privately you don't
have to post them publicly if you don't
want I just I'm building a huge project
for something big we've been working on
a long time so please send your pictures
I want you to be a part of this movement
that we are creating in this little
basement it's unbelievable
forgive me this probably will be the
shortest vlog in a long time I've been
banging out long blogs maybe this is a
nice taste of the shorter the shorter
days for you for those of you they don't
want to watch the long ones they must
have sent 20 of these tubs today and
there's already I don't know how many
full it's unbelievable so thank you guys
we are going to crank out the night down
here and it's just really nothing else I
can blog I I got a
I got a rock in a work so I love you
guys I am not planning to skip any vlogs
for a long time we're back I'm back on
tracking in fact I hope to take them
longer than usual so we will see you
tomorrow thanks for your love and
support - I'm speechless than I am
not really I'm really talking a lot
that's it guys thank you thanks again
for everything don't forget how amazing
you guys are you one-of-a-kind people
want to be you it's it's true I love you
keep your head up smile oh now the
heater goes off mom
