hey guys hope you're having a beautiful
day it is gorgeous outside sunny look at
them bikes that looks fun today I am I'm
going to get my son Noah we're going to
get out for a little bit just him and I
last week your took him to Star Wars
this week I'm going to do something we
have never done before
that's awesome all the foods free today
Martin Luther King Day oh yeah
nothing's oh I'm at the wrong place
alright just got my little man he
already ate I was gonna take you to
lunch Bob yeah just eat when these don't
judge me okay so I've decided actually
no surprise my goodness so we've decided
notice that it not to tell them what
we're gonna do today we're gonna make it
a surprise they know they don't know
okay sound good
so we're gonna do Oh big boy time what
the heck are you doing huh put it back
get your head in the game Brett
I think we're in the right spot I don't
know I've never been oh no it's over
there there it is
huh we're way off you know what it is oh
it's awesome to do that I've been
wanting to do this awesome we are going
ice skating haha this is gonna be
awesome
probably not the best time to come
because all the schools are out today
but oh boy that looks easy right let's
jet we just got to go try it
oh all right we got some first-timers
here alright we're slowly slowly getting
it no it's doing good you're doing good
when you're holding me ready let's go
how did we got this there you go we're
going on people are falling oh we're
getting swarmed now we're getting
swarmed now what's up guys hey too big
yeah what's up how you guys doing good
there we go those in there too ready yes
she said she had a dream last night that
she met me yeah sure how are you
let's do it let's do it
first-timers I should do something crazy
for the vlog this kid is nuts
go foot Shh he's like a little animal
running around he ranted you are insane
you guys are awesome it's a little
hectic in here yeah yeah for sure what's
up just in case it was too easy
they're gonna resurface the ring I'm
guessing something like double slick now
pretty awesome
we're skating or skating out no Falls
yet I wanna I just kind of want to
record just in case we fall but no Falls
yet some of these kids are eating it
hard so I just missed it alright man
what's your duck so food almost ate it
which is that's awesome it's awesome
kids crazy y'all kidding the hora code
actually we took it back to the locker I
was ready
hey buddy where am I look
yeah me and Noah check out my shoes
almost not moving thank someone ring
gloves what we survived well we can
officially check that one off the list
what you think man is good that's fun I
had a wonderful sighs fuck is a little
packed and crowd about do you know
school today that's why we were able to
come so it was still fun that's great
good love food blog no I just said it we
worked up quite a bit of appetite skate
and we finally getting some Dindin steak
I'm gonna smash that quesadillas and
you're trying tortilla soup could be
really spicy spicy or not spicy first
time trying tortilla soup getting spicy
it's to smile it's got jalapenos I'm
gonna eat it though really good this
it's crazy
you got this cool little brownie but I
got me Cracker Jack cheese cake I've
never heard of it I had to get it when
you see something strange you have to
get it like when have you ever had
Cracker Jack banana cheesecake don't try
it
that's good I didn't expect it to be
like that
I'm very banana that's banana huh oh my
Katie we get Oh ate too much
um stuff the cheesecake put me over
something look it's so cold no one I had
a big important decision to make in
there and that was go home or continue
our day I think we both decided to
continue our day I'm gonna keep rockin
and rollin let's do it
crank that heat it's a pretty good shot
of the city with the Sun I don't know
how it looks on camera but it's really
really nice so we decided we're going to
go check out never also been to this
place so we're going to continue our day
we're going to go home or like you know
what we don't really get a lot of just
big kid time a daddy time usually if
Kansas can't do certain things
so we're going to take full advantage of
it today we're going to get a full dad
and son big boy dead I highly recommend
you guys doing as well do something fun
with your kids there's our little city
Columbus we're gonna try some go-kart
stuff I think these are like better than
normal go-karts are supposed to be fast
it's indoors but is not busy at all yeah
no this is perfect
uh-uh oh yes does it pull all this is
sweet
whoa he's like sliding feel like I'm
about to rob this place alright taking
this place down alright so might be a
little difficult to film in here I think
they're gonna help us out and hold the
camera for us you ready is gonna be
awesome dude yeah this is these things
are friggin sweet
we need one yeah help me out come for us
cuz they won't let me hold the camera
thank you brother
what do you think dude oh you're
cruising good stuff thanks brother
not a problem man see it ah these are
there's only four of us out there he's
this Roman guy come on don't worry I
can't read it what's this a forty four
point nine seconds was my best lap not
seven your best 56.50 six point three on
your fifth lap it's you actually faster
on your fifth lap hey sis got other like
best of the week I'm happiest 35 seconds
my gosh even the worst of the week beat
me 37.5 well that was worth it that was
so fun dude I'm so glad this was so last
minute I didn't know this place even
existed here we just Google like I was
looking for things to do in Columbus and
this popped up so had fun
alright so now is it time to head home
let's go see what Brittany gained event
up dude we are we're gonna hit the road
were on that like back side of Columbus
right now so
Zuse mommy okay it's a rock star you
playing in the in the litter box again
what's up Sandman yeah I see you Jesus
how are you good how are you yeah we had
such a fun day oh my gosh no no no and
what does it mean I were robbers outfit
though what do you think pretty sweet I
know we need snow so what is going on a
while usually you're dumping something
on us let us know hey so something
really exciting came in today it's male
do you want to open them are you ready
mama are you grandma huh oh yeah that's
big big special gift today oh that's
only one of the boxes this is like what
is it here's one oh I'm so excited
you have no idea outside yeah Oh help me
out Oh who's gonna help me up
can are you doing you know we're about
to open some cool stuff he just rips
open a pack of rubber bands can I see
you couple he's wrapping the favorite
I'm about to give a huge shout out you
guys have no idea okay so let's just
open it first let's just open it up I'm
so excited about it I'm like a little
kid right now look my kids aren't even
into it I'm excited
alright let's see what's in box number
one oh snap
holy crap Oh dick Ulis tracks this
50-plus miles per hour
holy crap do you think you'll be even
able to drive that one is this was good
I can race I have a go-kart I can drive
this key and check this out dude that's
an RC car oh fast you just grabbed my
face cookies Leland Traxxas has sent us
all kinds of their stuff I'm not even
kidding
look koozies we should just put these
out at the next like barbecue yeah
t-shirts hats sweaters look at these
this is their brand-new drones
Wow Jax is camera gimbal they hold
GoPros dude Wow holy crap they sent us
all these like super awesome Chargers
Thanks yeah it's bad more Chargers
stickers somebody hurt us loud and
cleaner when I said I love RC cars okay
open the other one that one's bigger
batteries those are batteries there we
go oh my god oh my is that one oh we
have infinite fun in guys already
cleaning out like that one's mine holy
crap Traxxas tracks is hooking our house
up with some serious like serious RC
equipment man like everything we need
that's full of batteries they hit me up
today and said your first package will
arrive today this is what it was oh my
gosh you would definitely resistance all
black all black everything that's cool
that's awesome yeah totally where that
they literally set these for us to make
full videos with I'm not even kidding
like here's our stuff do whatever you
want with it we could not say thank you
enough Traxxas thank you so much for
hooking us up this is so unreal I love
barbecues you're just another Noah
another Noah mm-hmm Dec is that oh my
god it weighs a ton what is that there's
treats inside of it I see that's a treat
and position to work for it though in
here only Zeus could get his whole mouth
around that thing he's gonna get it look
at that you're picking up a basketball
like uh like a clone you can't destroy
the rubber part my good boy you got
stuff to look at you he's so happy
he already destroyed it well nothing
lasts in this dog's mouth we'll have to
see if that thing last I just want you
to know that Traxxas is in no way paying
me to endorse this they sent this for us
to have fun with the only thing I want
to do in return is give a little love
back guys I'm looking at a giveaway here
they have a YouTube channel and it's
awesome maybe you'll love our C's maybe
you don't maybe you want to get into
them they're very addictive I've been
playing with these things since I was a
kid my kids love them they're just a fun
family toy go smash your YouTube channel
I'm gonna pick a random comment on their
videos so you got to leave it everywhere
if you want one and I'm gonna send our C
cartoon
I'm gonna send an RC car to you that's
how it's gonna work this is me giving a
little love back to them they do not
know I'm doing this so this should
become a big surprise show them your
power go smash our YouTube channel
subscribe to them and leave a comment
I'm gonna give away one of these trucks
to you this is you cheater you're too
big he just literally pulled it apart
and took off with it and he left off
very like I earned this is mine I got to
add one more thing these are the guys
that said whatever you want to do RC
related
can make it happen so guys what can we
do that's insane with RC cars what can
we do like something that's ridiculous I
want to do it like I want to be that guy
they made a ramp over our truck and ramp
it with the truck maybe I'm gonna leave
it up to the sky we are warping into
that bedtime mode your phone an idiot
yeah already stole my shirt bin yeah
what purity so much dirt your shirt
Oh innit oh my gosh oh my gosh her so
bad little grog that's a little Oh hot
water cutting it quick tonight guys hope
you enjoyed today I'll tell you this I'm
gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna say this kids
do something fun with your parents
parents do something fun with your kids
there's like a misconnection going on
with a lot of people it's so important
you guys already know this spend some
time together get some time together and
most importantly make some time for each
other
I know it's hard like everyone's busy
people are working people are going to
school everybody's busy but we should
not there's no excuse
good enough to not spend time with each
other please make it happen it will it's
so important man I mean I'm lying I work
on it - it's not like I'm perfect at it
but I try to bury my kids with attention
and love and I don't know that's I don't
know I freaking love you guys I I can't
wait to do something destructive with
these toys about to just wrap one in
stakes and have Zeus chase me yeah
that's a good idea boss that's a good
idea
we'll see you guys tomorrow thanks again
for hanging out with us um I'm putting
tracks this is Trek sis's tracks it's a
YouTube channel on the top of this
description be sure to check them out
show them somewhere I've shown more
power and go leave come I'm gonna pick a
one
for a truck so that's it see you
tomorrow you guys are absolutely
wonderful and tell me what can I do with
our secrets doesn't have to just be
these it can be like something crazy
love you smile oh one final goodbye to
this beautiful city I love it here I
feel like I'm a home like people are
awesome here sure you don't go to the
pool I do want to get no hole so we are
out I'm gonna try to vlog a little more
than usual on our travel vlogs today
