hey my friends Brittany and it--with so
baby please such a serious face this
morning we are headed to pick up a
u-haul truck and I'm using a brand new
camera today so hopefully you guys
notice a nice quality difference so I
should look a little better does it make
me look better I'm I don't matter
anything to make you look better baby
oh you're really trying to get that you
already maxed out on the UM yeah I'm
just trying to get better Christmas
gifts honestly hearing it this is what
I've never picked up a you oughta gas
station that's are you mom yeah what
it's just um me your email how we did it
anyways we are grabbing at u-haul today
Brittany and I have to go pick up a
massive massive order for the small more
store and then we have to yeah should
look at the bats on the side of there
that's Korea okay did you know bats use
complex sounds to greet direct warn and
play with another it's like us are you
sure we're at the right place yeah I
mean I feel like wow I don't know
welcome to your local u-haul pickup
oh and this takes us back Dom it is like
our first date right here you strapped
your laptop in heck yeah I did
why you want to sit in the middle with
me but okay with you yeah just yeah we
can move on we can move our baby top you
guys are enjoying the really really long
vlog that's what is this to yesterday
the day before all over 30 minutes whoo
hey today will be over 30 minutes I
don't know
only time will tell Oh buckle up
this is uh this is the journey we're
moving guys we're actually moving that's
what we're does this feels right am i
driving I had to run over real quick get
some friggin deodorant as I've been out
have you noticed Dean have you noticed
oh good
no I've had some scraps like I've been
like scrap using its other sticks what
kind of snacks so you can't stuff
anywhere again snacks boom baby look at
our ride that's hot
let's good drag race some other u-hauls
mother son this is bringing back
memories in case you guys don't know one
of the first vehicles I ever actually
our first date ever was in a Ford van
like the front half of this yeah and I
remember having to drive it to work at
the dental office a couple hey I had
Auto walks
No I had a note I picked her up in a
work van just like this this half it
looks the same it was a Ford II convent
whatever no CD player no tape deck
it was just am/fm radio just like this
yeah but I was classy guys I was classic
ice all I had to work with what I had
you should have saw everyone that worked
at the dental office when I had to drive
it to work a few days it's a tiny little
girl pulling up this huge man
dang so we're just now arriving at
location this will be our largest
all-time pickup for smile more like
big-time double double our bigger our
biggest so that shows you guys the
progression of the company is really
really grown now I will say it's
Christmas season so I can't really count
it is how to stock a lot yeah we have we
kind of be hon so I don't know this is
kind of just it's double touching our
order though see my backup skills
without a camera I'm already so spoiled
with the backup cameras all the new cars
no I got this baby I got this baby don't
talk to me I think I just hit somebody
do it do you guys have seen most of our
pickups they're usually about like that
look at this all of these all of us to
smile more sure
holy cow haha yeah we're gonna fill this
u-haul
oh boy oh boy this takes me back
I used to unload semi trucks when I
worked at the factory for years probably
like six seven years all I did was load
and unload semi trucks this is kind of
right up my alley
alright guys in all honesty we have
never filled an entire u-haul van he
said where to go right well he's got a
truckload we're gonna put in here so
it's gonna completely fill it completely
up that's what I said I said I hope it's
big enough I didn't I didn't know I've
never had I mean this is a ton and
they're still actually printing t-shirts
they're still working you know how to do
it little girl I'm just gonna jump go
for it ah you want to ride back there
let's go man you gotta close the latch
no you're just pulling that break oh
that's true yeah all right guys so today
can't be all business we can't just fill
it with all business we're gonna do
something really really fun right y'all
so fun well we don't know if it's gonna
be fun we've seen this ridiculous thing
online today
Brittany saw it found it should we tell
them or make it a surprise it was like
oh sure I'm sure you guys are gonna
start seeing it a lot online so we want
to do it before it gets too popular but
I think it's already unpopular it'll be
funny it's gonna be funny
what are you looking for nothing what
are you looking for dinosaur genes this
is a hundred percent opposite of what we
came in this store for actually a
hundred percent yeah completely opposite
oh my gosh Cain's like so into dinosaurs
all right which one's look terrible
why so we have to get 36 I'm willing we
need that money all right so we have to
get condoms
completely opposite of what you're
thinking it's just for a challenge video
it's very funny and I can't wait to try
it out so people walking by like he's so
excited to try out condos
if they knew me they know that I'm not
very good with them together it's not
like you're like sixteen coming and
buying by yourself how can you buy
condoms any age I don't know that's a
stupid question
all right pick pick I don't know what I
think the bigger ones will work better
what are we talking about the Challenger
let's be serious this it's just for fun
uh Polly ultrathin is not a good idea in
this situation now we need some dick
okay let's go nigga Nate let's get let's
get large ones I think we're gonna have
to try now this is 12 this is we should
be able to get it done him every word
out of my mouth
sounds funny cuz I'm talking about this
they're so immature I am like an adult
would just die all right let's get the
studies definitely not read I think see
now you're being immature no I think
just just condoms okay we got those we
get the full size on and then we'll just
get regular ones right that's what you
call those just sighs I guess okay no
this is the time where you're actually
buying condoms for opposite of what they
advertise right right
are you embarrassed about it it is a
weird thing no matter how old you get at
least for me it's like a girl sending
you to the store to get tampons nothing
wrong with that
nothing or that but it's embarrassing
right actually went to the store to buy
me Tampa I have before I think one time
I did I did do it but there's nothing
wrong with it why are we embarrassed
about that it's life it's who we are as
people
it's not your ow all right let's bounce
ready home we got pajamas and condoms
hi when we're apart you can see our big
bad baby out there never been so excited
to use a condom ever in my life it's
gonna be so funny you guys are gonna see
this popping up man we did not come up
with this Brittney just showed me today
she's like look at this video
I'd like two guys or something going on
just like a random Facebook posts even
what you just said sounds bad it's
hilarious like I can't wait to do it I
feel like most people I already know
what we're talking about or googling are
we going home from here you won't take
these I don't know I didn't know if we
had any purse to go home home home yeah
how to do where howdy to you Wow
can you scary monster hi buddy
straight to mommy oh my gosh what are
you doing wrong the Lego crowd Ron Kane
you get it
what oh you're in a fight mood aren't
you you wanna fight uh-oh oh he's going
for the piledriver oh you got me you go
got your boots on let's go you're gonna
help me
we got out alone actually we gotta move
the truck first you're gonna drive yeah
all right I'll Drive you yeah okay
I think we should jump for a second
first let's go
oh that's it no more
you wanna steer no grab it know that
we're gonna hit the wood bottle all
right you gonna drive this one we have
to take this one now come on
cool hop in you're lots of space got
your own see how you loves it you want
to start this one oh yeah starter up
here we're gonna fill this whole place
guys like I honestly don't know where
we're gonna put it all I guess I'll
clean it up enough business in this vlog
no more work all play but it's a nice
mix or anything like okay let me explain
exactly what we're doing I think you
could be in the tub and I could be above
so when it if it pops it lands in the
tub when you rather get all over the
floor I'm confused
so obviously Brittany did some cleaning
before this video because our bathroom
is never this clean I brought in a light
so it looks nice and bright and here's
what we're gonna do let's do this I have
no idea how to do this it's not like
there's a how-to video this is just you
just don't happen to it you just filling
up in this okay let's do that
okay let's do it what no rock paper
scissors rock paper scissors ready 1 2 3
shoot
ready I don't want to go first
1 2 3 shoot ah okay
wait so you're gonna drop it on my head
yeah hey ready are you gonna fill it up
with this that's perfect
wait one water right cold water this is
probably the most ridiculous thing
you've ever done on a blog but it looks
so funny online I was like we have to
try this okay so you fill it with water
and then the goal is Brittany's gonna
stand AB up are using warm water oh oh
get hot she's gonna stand above my head
and she's gonna drop it the goal this is
so ridiculous
the goal is to drop it and it's gonna go
over my head and close yeah it's like
impossible
oh my god you're ready right now
yeah okay I got to figure out we got to
try again okay we need to make sure in
the camera good stand up there you have
to sit down I will what do you care I
can't go for you don't even know how can
you the same and you got to drop it
right up up like the center line back
then right here yeah hey ready right
over
yes and ha ha ha I heavy what it's like
a L what I just dropped it are you ready
Oh fat go
hmm okay you gotta go higher okay first
one was a fail I kind of knew like it
wasn't going to be as easy as it looks
online there you go come back ha maybe
let's try again come on
maybe the magnums are too okay we're
going to try another I had a feeling
we're we're gonna try a different brand
I should say and it feeling it wasn't
going to be as easy like when you see it
on the internet it's just the highlights
the best we're going to try a different
brand and hopefully it's going to work
there must be a trick like maybe not so
much at the top you not I mean if we get
this I'm gonna teach you how we did this
well we haven't explode and I went to
grab a hold of it and of course we were
not reporting No okay let's try this I'm
gonna slip and fall be careful I can't
hold on to it oh my I can't oh I guess
not big enough okay drop it square don't
let it roll okay
it's a good one oh yeah we did one we go
I don't want to do it no it is so much
Lube on my face I we got one we did it I
bet that it takes a lot of tries I think
we got really lucky with that cheer
trying I know how to do it like I'm a
professionalism come on ready first try
so the thinner ones work better regular
size they did they really did in keeping
that not a huge top yeah like keeping it
right in the water works really good op
that meets it but if I can't breathe and
can't hold it it doesn't do that
sometimes
nope if I freak out and you will will
you pop it if I freak out if it lands on
your head and it works you can't freak
out you have to let it go just hold your
breath you can over breath from 30
seconds no I can't I don't want my bad
for like 10 seconds here we are okay is
this setup okay oh I don't want to do
this I think I'd rather that do the ice
back this okay guys oh your hands
okay on three
just go that was awesome first job we
got this that was terrible no do it
again
No one more one more
kidding alright there you have it really
did it
that was it bad it was way better than
you thought it would yeah it was as when
you said you couldn't breathe I just
tried to pop it nice Ellie I don't know
I can't leave it pop you couldn't move
it away from your face yeah it's like
it's really weird how does that I'm
trying to imagine in my head how it
works it just reverses the whole thing
over your head but then it's left with
just a flap I don't know
wait oh we can't why I can't hit record
he'll be here let's do it
okay so we thought we were done I pulled
out the Sony for slo-mo Dale's gonna hit
record for us and hopefully we get our
slow-mo how this worse dude it's so Ram
that at work I'll be surprised so we
have to amp up the lighting super on
slow-mo you have to have tons of light
so it's gonna look weird on this camera
but in slow-mo should look better
I stand up your own citizen bathtub
no you're sitting in the bathroom you're
City Oh jumping it on your head oh
you're not oh okay get into position
because I don't have to square this up
we're getting off in here just flooded
the bathroom I'm gonna go three two one
drop so you hit on one wait a minute 3 2
1 hey I can go together
you didn't is right here but it's gonna
look very slow I don't think you guys
you the second I hit it it just said
buffering yeah and that's what you get
watch oh my god it almost works 3 2 1
you
whoa that was sick and what it work with
a verb because I bet because we used it
twice it got you high it went all the
way around her face and then it came up
in one single piece after a pop okay
last rubber into it what fresh one Hey
dead center now this is it if not I'm
not doing it this is the end for you
ready three two one
oh that's nice hey let's let this buffer
and then I'll pop it and slum over it
yeah just sit tight yeah just hold tight
you're so over the top looks ridiculous
alien I can just plug into the alternate
option
still on a jelly bit I think we got it
in a shower cap freakin Alice Cooper
alright guys I'm not gonna lie that was
a lot of frigging fun it was weird it
was unique it was I'm not gonna tell
anybody to do it but it was fun
who was that who is that Brittany our
tree is alive
it sounds like Kane what what's our tree
knowing oh no I'm in my laughing tree
it's one of them new giggle tree huh
it's got camouflage on hey dude you
ready to finish it yeah
so we have been procrastinating big time
we set up our tree and Wow no I believe
this is our third day unfinished all the
stuffs been sitting here hey use that
right by the fire silly is it warm over
there you got to wear your protective
helmet dude no so I think what we're
gonna do to finish up our evening is
just get our tree done or at least more
time you gonna help me yeah okay you
wanna do that Kanner's so daddy's gonna
climb up and you just start handing them
to me that's the thing I didn't see
hooks
this looks pretty cool on the ball but
that's from last year we got to get a
new one for this year you know who that
is
mommy and daddy looks just like me
anyone wondering we don't have a star on
our tree we've never got a star for this
tree and to be honest I just don't know
how I would get it I mean I'm way for
coming up
oh you taking them down too so we've got
a good start but we're out of the little
green hooks for the ball but I know we
have um hairs on here's one let's get
some in on yeah I'm gonna go downstairs
I feel like there was another pot Oh
could have easily missed stuff down here
there's all kinds of weird boxes look at
this I feel like these are from our
really old tree like I have no idea
where these came from
I've never seen these huh well I don't
see anything we know we've had to add
those duh really many Christmas cards I
have left huge assignment cinnamon
Randal the time or packages oh oh so
yeah deal son oh that's a good idea
it's so random just thought of that
right now
tell me is there from all of our family
Ghanim lash dear solutely okay so
apparently we're gonna throw Merry
Christmas cards how many we got like 20
30 20 20 we're gonna sign them and throw
them in smaller packages right now
random 20 well not right now tomorrow
yeah well I can't believe we're actually
not able to finish our tree tonight I
thought we were just gonna wrap this up
no this has gotta go I know we got the
top looking better huh we just need more
hooks we'll get it if we set it up
tomorrow only took us four days to get
it alright guys I wasn't going to do
this and I wasn't going to tell you
about this but I want to teach you right
now I mean this is serious pay attention
that's why I'm whispering when you
whisper to people they listen this is
very important
I'm gonna teach you how to make a girl
smile are you ready first trick is open
up the brownie box
haha it's a brownie what'd you put in it
nothing I just filled it with smiles
what'd you put in it you smiled when I
handed it to you and you're gonna smile
while you eat it can I give half of it
to Kane
I think that's a yes I said I'm gonna
teach you guys how to make make a girl
smile and when I handed it to you smiled
that was the fun oh my god
yeah and I handmade those from trash I
don't actually know if I showed you guys
this Brittany got this crazy new
bedspread what do you think of this
it's got like animals on it all right
what do we got here cars and trucks and
things that go this is his favorite book
in the world you love this book he
always picks this one no matter what no
matter what no matter what no matter
what yeah all right what's your favorite
ma and pas and pickles and penny kids
playing on a picnic huh
which one's your favorite on this page
the flying oh we should make one of
those yeah me and you go flying we could
travel the whole world let's do it yeah
tonight yeah all right all right all
right
Oh check it out when the lights go off
at night the shrimp usually coming I
love these guys
anyways Britney is taking my spot read
into Kane I thought it would come out
here and just thank you guys for
watching this far if you're actually
still here if there's anyone out there
still watching this thank you so much I
hope you guys have been enjoying the
longer vlogs this is something that I've
been wanting to do for a long time but
it is a challenge the difference between
a 10-minute vlog and a 30 minute vlog is
so much different like I can't even
explain it it's it's a challenge
actually it's fun I love challenges and
it definitely is a challenge on the edit
too because I'm up really late editing
every night but it's fun I'm having a
blast I'm actually just signed a bunch
of small more there's like 20 cards that
we're going to throw in orders tomorrow
so hopefully you get one if you do
please send me a picture I think things
like this are really fun for us that is
gonna do it today guys thank you from
the bottom of my heart for watching and
supporting this family it's unbelievable
to see how how much support we have and
and I missed the I remember back in like
on a few months ago like I said this
community is huge we have between you
and I we have such a massive community
on YouTube that I wanted to use the
comments section to to help others you
know people that are struggling during
the day and they're going through tough
times it kind of helps sometimes to to
see everybody struggles because
sometimes it helps you realize you're
not the only one struggling and we all
have bad days and we have tough times
and and I think that when we did that we
became so strong I seen everybody
talking to each other and I would jump
in and it was amazing to see our
community so I really do want to get
back to that I want to see us
communicating more in the comment
section because I think it's so powerful
man we have such if somebody has a
problem with anything how do I fix it
car tyre there's somebody that knows how
in our community like we're so big you
and I so let's uh let's never forget to
support each other man all of us like
we're all a team we're all here together
let's let's let's make it a good place
to be last but not least I hope you
enjoyed the challenge it was really fun
Brittany and I had a great time and my
for doing the slo-mo I think that was
sweet
I don't know maybe it's just me I love
the slow-mo we will see you guys
tomorrow tell us if you'd like to see us
do more challenges maybe tell us in the
comments what challenges we can do I
will see in the comments today I'm going
to be in there for a while and love you
guys I'll see you tomorrow
thanks for everything don't forget how
important you are we're very important a
lot of people love you don't forget how
awesome you are
don't don't forget smile one okay if you
could pick one date a random date that
you would want to get married on what
with the date be because we're an actual
date
there is June 23rd 2,700
