hey guys welcome to the Atwood house in
our very first snowfall of the year
check it out it's so cold
come here dude it's crazy is it cold
you're like a hugger and way my hands
are cool
oh he's all snowy he's gonna get you
nice
hopefully it's not so much I want school
tomorrow you want to go out there so bad
yeah why don't you there's some warm
clothes on snow is rain but it's frozen
rain blue the class is like that's so
sorry
it's so cold in the clouds up in the sky
that it freezes the rain in turns to
snow
yeah and just like if you you'll
probably go one day to a mountain where
it's not snowing but up on the top
there's snow because it's so cold up
there the higher you go the colder so
Kane just asked it was gonna rain so
that's why I know is explaining that
snow is rain but when it's really cold
out it turns the snow to cool
you back it out of here turn there you
go nut here let me help you ready
it's our first snowfall guys haha so
we've got this um tennis ball launcher
for dogs shoots like the ball so the
dogs have to go chase the ball no yeah
when we used to Zeus so no use if you
played fallout 4 what's that thing
called junk jet the junk jet I just went
around and I got three things I got in
the game it's called the junk jet and
you can put whatever you want in it and
it'll shoot it Noah's being using it as
his junk jet so I have a skateboard
tennis ball gold ball and a plastic
little ball you put it all in or just
one at a time you can put most of it in
but I put it is that a gopher
oh sweet whoa you watch yesterday's vlog
at the very end I said hey guys this
week I want to try to do very long raw
vlogs this morning I woke up and missed
my kids reacting to the first snowfall I
missed it those are the memories I want
to watch later in life I missed it so it
has more than inspired me to film as
much as possible today
so bum man my kids flipped out when they
seen the snow I mean flipped oh and it's
not even enough snow
hey snow bunny I know it's awesome
we just need about another foot so that
is what I'm gonna try to give you guys
today the most raw form of a vlog I can
give you and really to be honest kind of
what vlogging is all about right like
not just the highlights just everything
because I'm realizing that's what I want
to watch in the future what do you think
it is come here come here come here I
got a great idea okay okay let's hook
this to your truck
I think it'll pull it we installed this
rope as soon as he got the truck I knew
we'd be using it for something he crying
and now you guys water yeah how dress
you want him the pool yeah what oh only
fast or just yeah just see if it'll pull
whoa huh there you go hold on to it came
yeah he's ready go
but in second Ana can get mommy she's
thrown the first snowball perfect
example of Ohio right here look it
sticks it's still snowing a little look
at the sky Hey oh we need more snow
that's good alright well here we go in
the kitchen get your nanny oh we got a
man down over here
chili dog oh hey so here's what we got
today and here's our goal we failed at
all week and we're gonna try to do it
today when we are doing it today we are
setting up the Christmas tree it's it's
kind of a feat it's not an easy project
it took us four hours last year but
that's half the fun we do need to clean
a little bit who wants to help me clean
you guys won't help we need to clear
this hole get rid of the vases yeah we
need to take some well we got this
little calendar I'm making a mess you
meet me I know
taking everything from downstairs up and
this point we had the kids over last
night so who destroyed the kitchen did
you do that
it's way easier to just throw all the
toys up here why are we carrying stuff
just start throwing it up it already
looks like that's what we've been doing
anyway we need it one of them big hoes
suckers you just drop down to sucks all
the toys up it's our first year we've
ever had our stockings with our names on
it which I love I think it's super cool
and we got a tree have we ever had a
tree skirt yeah oh it's actually just
mrs. Claus's dress hey I see see the
buttons I see why they call it a skirt
oh yeah you can actually wear it
the Atwoods it doesn't look good no it
looks so funny it's legit it's like you
could wear that out you get fifties
that's your nose let's go down and chop
our tree down Christmas tom christmas
tom this is it these two boxes build our
tree it's heavy I can barely even like
oh no last year I think we took it up in
pieces here won't you let me do it oh
yeah last year I had to break uh these
pieces of wood to level our tree stand
remember this is rising wobbly did it
bit did it do you pulling up all these
pieces sage
well is it 12-foot whoa 12-foot tree I
believe
and I'm not crazy I was wondering how
they do that actually listen Eddie help
me yeah buzzer yeah in a hurry
Wow we pullin plugs it up hold on
oh yeah no piece number two let me do
this right this year take it all apart
good job watch out whoa I think what
takes so long about a fake tree is just
Fanning out all the branches is this
part making it all fluffy good job honey
you're doing a great job
Ruiz mobile honey out we're really proud
of you down here hey uh tell me what
turns on um yeah
nope nothing No okay that's just an
extension work on the top oh it will
probably need it though yeah but no no
that's down here good tickle is being
ridiculous
I don't know what to do with you yeah
you can sleep under here no it's a
jungle in there Caine get my spear
that's wild boar in there we can hunt
cook these hmm should I put the topper
on it is it awesome oh my god likes so
much more sense okay and there's a last
cord and get it up that's like a hole
just pick out like that tree what is
that a full room it I don't know yo this
tree isn't a hazard I don't know there's
ten of these yeah the boys are over
there working on their Christmas list
don't you hundred I can't see the Sun is
like ah hey guys I'm putting up honey
you got it do you go home honey do you
need help don't you dare fall off that
ladder honey so hard to see oh man I
cannot believe how for out big this tree
is put that together you're out of
breath oh you say find it you plug it in
I don't know where the the connector is
Barbie dolls so Kate Caine's over here
telling Noah what he wants for Christmas
think Noah's making his Christmas list
for him so Cain says a new bike uh uh a
new watch
okay the tree is up it's not decorated
those are the like come on there's a lot
of lights that aren't working I mean
there's a lot yeah like all these bulbs
I plug it in but nothing happens so I
don't know thanks buddy
thanks T on my bracelet hey stand here
stand right down with strum the tree
thanks buddy
hi let me see say cheese
say cheese oh man it's looking like
Christmas guys Santa Claus is coming it
down even up for you yeah parkour monkey
now you got a front flip over that part
okay let's see it cane let's see your
version lunch is ready I just made you
get some good stuff how was a Hulk good
we are wrong
who's the chef now we were having
problems with Noah's laptop so him and I
I took it this week to get it fixed
oh don't nothing there
so me and the boys are gonna plow some
mac and cheese real fast no I had some
problems with these laptops reach out to
me to get it fixed it's ready so we're
all going to run out and get it let the
plan are you excited
whoa that's at our old house mmm that
came said yes to be oh my gosh how is
that me right now hmm we are on the move
little baby Hulk oh look at dem Hall cos
he's ready to fight oh my gut blow all
the glass out of the truck it'll be her
hyung we just got nose laptop which is a
huge huge thing help you went this long
without a laptop
I don't know and today was like an
exclusive family day all day and he just
talked me into going to pick up little
ome all back over so I guess he's kind
of part of the family so we're gonna go
grab one row for English living yeah so
we share homes we are I'm gonna grab him
and then Brittany ran out to get extra
Christmas lights and what's that stuff
that goes around the tree garland is it
Carlin yeah
because half our lights are out on the
tree so all right guys if you can
survive the next 20 seconds of this
video I promise you that you can forever
get through any Roman out with vlog for
the rest of your life you'll be able to
watch it if you get through the next 20
seconds are you ready
the most annoying 20 seconds in your
life here we go
I can't I can't
that was all there you go if you can get
through that and that if you can watch
any Roman that would vlog after that
it'll make it all sound better and we're
back the tree the tree doesn't look too
bad
mommy mommy beat us here you guys
playing games upstairs down there I mean
that you don't have to do yeah I
remember being your age all I wanted to
do is help friends thanks for no hey man
it's fine no I'll just be down here
kidding I'm kidding no have fun
whoa cane starting to look pretty dude
yeah yeah same thing you lay like this
and you slide under and it looks really
cool
come on in you can see all the way up in
there where you going
you totally could hide back there yeah
no one would ever find you
Zack's all right I always got you right
you always have you walk until you get
bigger and older on me I can't even
think of that shoot some oops go let's
show those epic trick shots you've ever
seen that was close next five shots are
gonna blow your mind here we go we can
lego world again I just want to kiss I
just want to kiss ten can I kiss mommy
okay I'll be right back I'll be right
back made you a list a list you mean I
have to get more than one thing I gotta
hit the store real fast we're gonna make
tacos tonight is it for real for real
dawg what are you gonna eat peanut
butter and jelly alright guys as soon as
I get back we are going to tear open
some of this fan mail there's a whole
nother room full of fan mail as well so
I don't really know how we're going to
open all this but we're gonna at least
do some tonight I wanted to do all of it
but it's just getting too late so fast
I'm going to dust off the car today take
it out for a minute and yeah
here we go here we go
feels good to be in this car I never
thought I'd like a car so much like I
don't know I hope you guys are enjoying
a little bit longer vlog today my goal
is to aim for these type of vlogs a lot
more often I know I'm not going to be
able to do it every day no matter how
much I want to but these are kind of the
days that you know the more I'm vlogging
the more I'm realizing these are what I
want to watch in my future and see my
family grow and longer I film the better
for us so it is tough some days it
really is I'm not going to lie we take a
day off we didn't film there's either a
really good reason but we just really
needed a day without cameras so I don't
I don't ever aim to take a day off I
really enjoy blogging we all really
enjoy blogging - some days
we need it we need a day that being said
I hope you're enjoying a little bit
longer vlog I am gonna try to do a
little bit longer blogs here now anyways
hope you guys are having a fan for a
fantastic day I mean I really mean when
I come on these vlogs every day is a
huge part of me that says I want to lift
my viewers up today baby and whether
it's through my happiness and my kids
were through maybe a motivational speech
that I start spilling I want you guys to
take away from these vlogs I want you to
take something from them and see I hope
your day is great and I hope you're not
waiting until the new years for that
resolution do it now all right I got my
groceries got my grocery getter let's go
it's so cold
alright guys real quick real quick my
car guys who makes the most bad a
exhaust for a 2015 GTR all right I don't
know enough about cars but I know it
doesn't scream enough listen all right
I'm gonna read it for you a little bit I
ready listen
it's not loud enough it's not I want it
I didn't even get the groceries hanger
now I know there's a bunch of companies
out there when I got the car there was
nothing available like I think Nismo has
an exhaust or something and I just don't
know enough about cars but I want like a
different sound alright what's up what's
that smile for hey I should have known
you were gonna do that
Travis friggin barker looking for we're
missing some pieces huh we're missing
like our bowls from last year well this
is really open we found the missing box
it's got all our ornaments so this box
has a lot of our ornaments that we
already have tags oh that one off this
one does can you might hang it up no I'm
gonna hang it up boom we're done our
tree starting to look like a high school
cheerleader I don't know where you going
with that game cane you like my hat
don't like it ah Grinch how about you
wear it oh how about mommy wear it this
is the happy I won without our trap
yeah it came with it like feeding a
couple zoo animals hooligans Wow Wow
cats thanks for dinner baby thanks for
dinner baby I love you hmm you have to
say anytime to a girl just to make them
happy two years that's a trick I won you
letting us in on the love secrets which
ones you guys want okay we're gonna pick
a few boxes each out of the fan mail
there's also a lot more in a classroom
Cain picks the big one okay what do you
think buddy yeah what you thinking right
away okay there we go
there's awesome all of us in Cain's
classroom go for it with the time with
with the time we have left before bed
done we got school tomorrow so it is a
school night we're gonna open about 10
maybe more than 10 packages all right
let's jump into it oh my battery lights
flushing hang on asset bubble wrap
that's it it's a box of bubble wrap we
get from chains adjust oh my gosh T's
they're probably so bummed cuz we bought
a bag huh no they're wood they're
awesome who's that from
Jason Cummings you're the first one to
send us an Amazon package and you put it
as a gift so your name came with it
Jason Cummings thank you for the tease
you guys send Amazon stuff they never
include your names you have to put it
under gift this one's coming in from
Logan and oh look yeah a book from Logan
do you have that one
it's a Minecraft book cool just in case
one GTR wasn't enough
thanks reading I sketched it up uh-huh
you guys are so cool so talented too I
know you can't you can't sit there oh
that's cool
the smoke you like it that is awesome
Sam thank you so much he made smile more
out of the exhaust that is freakin
awesome that's so cool I really like
that let me see he made a little Roman
soldier skateboard oh it's a skateboard
platform but a little trick a little
trick trick spot yeah josh says he's 11
if he drew this that's really impressive
yeah I mean if he do that at 11 years
old I'm impressed
just you what's in there there's two
monkeys who is that from because I'm not
I don't think Cain likes it can do you
love that monkey oh we're great britain
is there a note inside the bag somewhere
oh no there's got to be all right Andres
and Sebastian would they send Noah man
remember when we used to get tons of
those yeah it's like we showed him in
the we showed him in the vlog once and
everybody Cinna we have so many yellow
apparently probably for you guys
we have that same four GTR lots of GTR
love in today's mail look at that
Sebastian anon dress
and oh they sent a little stingray to
Kodama za- kid with this monkey ha
caramel
oh my gosh that's why so good Andrew
from Virginia please do not show this
letter in the vlog show the puppy yeah
what is that minecraft stop-motion oh
it's cool we gotta do this in the vlog
so you you like move them one and then
you take a picture move them on take a
picture move one look like the one
sticky guys took a little play no I'm
with like Legos - thanks Adam we may
have to intro a vlog with this man hey
spider-man spider-man Wow our first
swedish fish of the night what is with
this dude this is deal he's like you can
bend him around so it's just a pencil
from China he says I don't know that's
all the info Baba's name's Jess thanks
jazz that is a cool pencil you should
use this for school yeah wait does heavy
eraser hmm well that's cute
how can you not smile that okay look
see it's magic yeah hey guys uh it's
Roman here again haha
ah there you want these ons hey you look
like one of them old detectives
ah I can see so much better than these
sit detective tell me the good news
oh my gosh do this who's that from
though is that back from don't think it
says pasta this is Samantha lon
when it makes noise oh my gosh that is
too cool
it's a motion bird stickers oh hi Bob
love your eyeball a little a time for
just a couple more yeah then she got
them floppy eyes nose got the floppy
fingers was diagnosed with Braddock slim
lymphoma cancer I just thought it would
be cool if you showed this in your vlog
because I know if people heard from you
they would support more than if I tried
to tell me King says he sees bubblegum
she's talking about a serious story
names like I see no girl so so his older
brother younger brother that's in it um
Charlie so here's the one with cancer
which is his brother so worse we're now
saw your warrior sweeter that goes so
well together a Sawyer stronger like
they all got their head shaved
oh just him look you just mad cause you
don't have a saw your boy your shirt is
your other shirt look I put it over the
other one it's alright Sawyer
um man it's always so hard to hear these
real tough stories but you got this you
got this in the bag we're looking at all
your pictures and the Atwoods got yeah
I'm a Sawyer warrior you don't see what
he sent just want to give a huge thank
you guys for sending all the mail and
all the
his stuff I mean it knocked Noah out
he's really took it out of him guys he's
done it's done for I'm pretty sure it is
bedtime wrapping it up schools duh
school I can't even say the word school
I can't even oh yeah so it's a school
night we're wrapping it up it's time
buddy it's time you only got like a
couple days cuz Thanksgiving so I don't
want to hear it I know give me a hug
don't worry man before you know it
you're gonna be 30 I love you so much
sleep better than ever thanks kinda cool
actually yeah not younger me and we got
a mess to clean up
look at that oh you look so comfy can I
have a hug nice hug oh my gosh it's been
in there since vacation what sand yeah
we're gonna clean his boo-boo up okay no
new band-aids I I have to start taking
all this cardboard out cheese Louise man
I was like such a fraction in the mail
we have and it makes such a mess with
all the cardboard you guys are
incredible though I just can't get over
the the amount of stuff like all right
guys I think this is actually a good
time in this boy I'm gonna take all this
trash out
Keane's get in the back wave into him
you're in medic mode thanks for sticking
around today and watching the flow out
would family here
on the other side so you'd see your
boo-boo better you boo-boo we will see
you guys tomorrow I hope you like a
little bit longer blogs I'm gonna work
on that that's something I really want
to do personally as well and just
cracking me out with that hair we're
getting a haircut this week tomorrow are
you into it tomorrow
yep no we've been talking about
Christmas today guys what are you asking
for for Christmas that's the only thing
I want to see in the comments today what
are you asking for for Christmas what
about you okay you want the big drastic
world dinosaur cage yeah what a big
Jurassic dinosaur cage I don't even know
what that is
hope you guys had a wonderful day or
having a wonderful day maybe it's
morning lunch I don't know what time it
is Ryu guys are thanks for watching us
and hanging out and we will see you
tomorrow why is your lint roller this
broom is always so random we will see
you guys tomorrow be positive think
positive don't worry about anything
negative
just battle it baby push right through
it you can do it I love you smile more
boom ha ha ha oh so our plan today was
to set up our Christmas tree which I we
all really wanted to do and then we we
remembered it's Jessica's birthday it's
my brother's wife's birthday so we're
going to meet up with him how
