ready hey you know what I got ya let me
forget to show you guys Han
let me grab it real quick okay I got
this for our room our ballroom I haven't
even hung it up or showed you guys but I
think it's gonna be awesome
Kaine check it out yeah dude so we can
hang it up in here check it out and we
can just sit here in toss hoops to
choo-choo look NBA Slam Jam I gotta open
it I can't open anything in this room or
if you drop anything in this room it's
game over it's so hard to find stuff
look at Kamath a little ball done be
filming you are filling good job man I
love that you're just picking that up
and recording now yeah this thing's
legit
yeah like nuts and screws and everything
you getting it there's mom where did you
find that that was supposed to be
Christmas present
I know it was but I couldn't resist any
longer plus we're going to get no from
school today this would be fun know what
though man came with a basketball you
know where it goes right yeah well
that's the thing I thought I could mount
on the wall but it's a door holder
Oh on the door the door stays open
anyways well no the closet door is even
better because I was that gap
yeah yeah giggling ah I don't think I
have the right tool the pump out in the
garage will do it yeah yeah I think
that's the first nap ever put on a
basketball ever yeah I don't think I've
ever put one on sure
yes that's something you do regularly
look Weez these balls yes you can use
you got lots of balls um I'm scared to
open it well all your good I think
you're gonna mm not gonna say anything
you know good job okay let me try let me
try
talk about endless practice look at this
left hand nailed it this is kind of like
a soothing oh I got one all right guys
moving right along I didn't show you
guys yesterday my new shoes these are
the new I think I mean told you I
wouldn't I did so here they are they are
almost the same thing I always get just
black commerce but they're not fabric
they're like suede they're really slick
and they got like beet red for that
slush walking
I don't know we're on our way hey are
you showing them yours those are rad we
are going to get Noah and then we gotta
find these kids something hello
he's been asking all there we can't know
we get nowhere we can do it yes we are
dude you excited and then we're just
running into town really quick oh I
don't think you know we really don't we
always do it really quick all right we
gotta grab some food what you doing
homework boy doing homework
- I know I know do what you got to do
right
oh my gosh
Kane look again Noah's filming you under
the table
ah here we are at lunch no it just
showed me something I've never seen
before and everybody I think everyone
can do it right all right show me it's
like how to do it not just show me what
you just showed me like the exact me the
 what - Everett it looks so weird
move you're 14
he got a case of the floppy finger look
I can do it but I never seen this in my
life well mmm
like it looks so it doesn't look natural
at all yeah okay so a couple things do
you guys want to try some family
challenge videos
oh that whenever well that is gonna have
to beg you and bribe you with Kenny hey
I don't know a candy just came out I was
trying to be funny
bad dad jokes calm see ya guys actually
si what kind of challenges we could do
as a family and it looks like the kids
are up for it so maybe we jump into some
of those tonight and just give us a
little sample of what we can do no and I
are running in real quick we got to find
a wall bunch of pencils wait who uses
pencils nowadays huh more like regular
ones or mechanical ones or what do you
prefer that's a pen see your plan you're
going to be serious
a mechanical hi my name is Noah what I
do on everything alright I write my hi
my name is dawn Rick here yeah mommy
Little Mermaid dude no do you like
mechanical ones yeah I used to hate them
things at break I was so bad with it
mm-hmm how many mistakes would you
actually have to make to use all of this
eraser well if you're in school then you
can give them out to people well it's
true you could share them but look have
anybody ever actually used an eraser
from start to finish like I never have
me neither yeah like you just erase so
much it's gone I don't know
Oh such a nice little puppy look at him
probably hard to believe it my kids have
grown out of almost all their clothes
like they're starting to look pretty raw
King has some cool stuff he's so easy
because every store you walk in is like
cool kids clothes no is at the age where
it's like getting tough tall little thin
legs chicken legs like his daddy
Kane the problem is is you look good in
everything like I could put a trash bag
on you you look good you like that
they're both the same yep put it in and
turn it great idea guys horn big bouncy
ball machine in the middle of the store
I think you're gonna need both is it hey
look can you really keep going awesome I
can get one too Wow you get that for a
quarter that's pretty good
I'm actually impressed I thought it was
for sure 50 cents oh great my favorite
older thanks are a bing bada boom I love
Rolly come on greasy hey hold on to it
because if it falls here it's gonna go
under everything cool I've always heard
it a million times people say I can't
have kids because they're expensive I
can't afford to have kids and I always
said nah kids don't cost anything until
they start wearing a lot of clothes
clothes are expensive these two little
bags you guys know how much that was no
you know how much that was Kane how much
how much do you think those two little
bags were you guys didn't get that much
yeah I imagine the coats probably were
expensive
you think 200 that wasn't even half
close close not 605 ones and $30 say
come on mommy
we are back and I just dumped an entire
friggin root beer on the floor nasty
mess cane found my really old laptop man
when did I get this I don't even know
it's got a Kona Hawaii sticker on it Hey
look at this
hey that's from Hawaii oh my gosh it's
an antique man an old Sony Vaio forget
find the power cable I bet we can turn
it on but there's some old crazy
pictures on here way before you were
born
well we were gonna stick around and hang
out at the house but we just got a call
from my brother and they're hanging out
over there with the family so I think
we're gonna join them
Cain you won't go tunkel dale's yeah I
know he's in a hurry
oh yeah you have to do dishes those
dishes you have to do the dishes look at
this it's getting out of control you
know the funny videos it's like washing
a spoon is death because it always
flashes stick and move stick and move
stick and move stick in but we're mo
goes let's have a serious talk real
quick come here no come here I got beef
with you what I'm kidding what are we
gonna do this is fan mail from this week
we got a lot to open and we're taking
all the post office buckets think I have
nothing left what we gonna do are we
gonna do a massive mail vlog just
weekend guys what it's up to the kids
it is so starting to look like Christmas
in here when are we setting up our tree
this weekend um Thanksgiving I wanted it
up for Thanksgiving I want to do it I've
never been this excited about Christmas
I'm totally up so we went over to my
brother's I didn't vlog literally not
even a single slip I didn't put my
camera oh we literally sat at the table
with them and your parents I just talked
literally vlogging literally I always
say that were eventually I got to do our
monthly sponsor from Harry's you guys
know we show these guys all the time in
our vlogs they're now a sponsor of this
channel which is really cool and what's
cooler is I see you guys like it like I
see you love it that the Twitter post
you guys are getting the deals that they
send they are the official sponsors of
November No Shave November you guys can
see I did I did I didn't shave this mom
I haven't shaved either wait wait you
did druggers out that's this kiss them a
lot of out dude do girls all over some
places I don't think I'll shave my legs
where is that that's a real thing there
are this yeah where's that at where do
girls not shave the legs around it
that's a real thing I'm pretty sure oh
here it's like you got a shave like I
can't imagine if you had hair on your
legs not can your hairs the worse it's
it's literally this long how dare you
they send us a new color each month
ready yeah are you excited you're gonna
like this one
woah bling freakin bling does it go good
on my date and spinners you're glad
you're datin spinners the old cars date
rims that spin think they were called
Dayton's or I don't know what we're
talking about right now anyway Harris is
always hooking it up hooking you guys up
with promo code rum and you go to their
site harrys.com use promo code rum and
my name that's it and you get this whole
kit for ten bucks and it's free shipping
oh straight to your door you know
that's free shipping you forgot such a
bonus oh no a shave cream is pretty nice
oh and actually I think you get the pick
whether you want shaped cream or gel
anyway guys we actually really like this
company and they are always hooking you
guys up I actually
think they sent us a bunch of stuff for
well we'll get into that later Oh smell
cam ready smell can no you're gonna
squirt in a face I do were you already
knew that
so harrys.com check him out I know you
guys see these every month or every
other month in our vlogs and they're
always here to give you guys good deals
we're actually trying to switch it up
each month with different deals so I've
kind of switched it up a little bit this
month this big mom for them yeah No
Shave I was sitting there I always say I
always thought it was November oh I'm
sorry I didn't at the camera oh no I got
it mmm my grandma asked me she's like do
you have any of those razor sets for the
guy that lives next door
no you guys have no idea everyone we
personally knows that you gotta marry
because it's like it's like an addiction
I need uh I need some refills bro y'all
couldn't help coach you guys got a bunch
of razors you're not using I think we
got Christmas gifts for everybody I
might keep this gold one for myself that
gold one is sick so weird I was just
like talking you guys and I look outside
it's light out now the heck is just Hey
good morning little turd Oh what's up
you guys in electronic world right now
look at this welcome to 2015 the modern
family
today I think said after Thanksgiving
you want to set up our Christmas tree
today I'm totally down like I would be
totally down for that it's so much work
you want to stuff the Christmas tree
today and be fun
I asked on Facebook and everyone sent me
a picture of their trees already ups I
will say this it would be the earliest
debt we have ever set up a Christmas
tree if we get there okay guys thanks
for sticking around thanks for watching
we will see you tomorrow not exactly
sure what we're gonna do it it sounds
like everyone's game for that and then
we're gonna try to rock out another
humungous mail vlog alright guys thanks
for sticking around and hanging out we
will see you tomorrow tell me today is
your Christmas tree setup if it's not
when do you usually set it up because
this would be the earliest we've ever
set ours up if we do it
you are absolutely amazing don't forget
it I love you mama
what what do you talk sis I like zone
out how many of you guys do this I just
like zone out
my gosh no but I'm so guilty I should be
talking to
