hey guys hope you're having a really
really good day in fact I hope you
realize that you are having a really
really good day despite of any negative
and bad things that may have happened
today you are actually having a good day
last week I told you guys I've been
really struggling between business and
YouTube how do i balance it how do I
make interesting vlogs while still
managing my company I've already done so
much today I didn't pull out my camera
and I was like you know what today I'm
gonna show you guys I'm gonna mix it
business with vlogging you got to tell
me how I do so I don't know if it's just
because christmas is coming or if you
guys are really just supporting to smile
more movement and you're wanting to
share that message because you guys are
destroying our store I can't even
explain it it's unbelievable so these
are all new orders going out right now
it's funny they leave all these tubs
outside for us let me tell you a funny
little story since I was a little kid my
mom used to walk me to this post office
it's a little hometown post office she
used to walk me here and we get our mail
now this post office tells me that I'm
the reason they keep their lights on
because of you guys all your orders all
your shipments we literally flood this
place it's unbelievable so who would
have thought little mister troublemaker
would be keeping this place running now
honestly I'm sure there's other reasons
this place is open it's not just me but
it's a good thought it's a good feeling
to hear that hey what's up good really
good we get a lot of orders yeah I never
ever ever ever want to come off in any
of my vlogs that I've ever bragged about
my success I want to use any success
that I've ever had to to inspire you to
do something on your own maybe this vlog
will inspire just one person even just
one person to go start that company
they've always wanted to start or do
something they've always wanted to do
that's exactly what I want my belongs to
do because this started as a silly idea
in my head special delivery
hi me guess staying busy yeah christmas
is coming oh I know Thanksgivings not
even here yeah what's going on you are
last for today man I told you guys I
didn't really like the vlog like all the
business stuff it's not that exciting
it's just things that I have to do but
you've asked for it you guys say film
every day I want to see it so here we go
I'm gonna try to mix it up today hi
buddy how's your head feel yeah not
better all right mr. Hulu you go play
video games all right he's play oh he
doesn't want to play come on hula-hoop
you go play video games all right there
he goes he's playing yeah so here's what
we got going on today girls on
trampolines photo shoot you ready
now this is my cousin Ashley she is a
professional photographer she's actually
my cousin and she's doing all here's
what we have to do we have to reshoot
every single product we have for the
smile Moore store due to trademark
issues we have to reshoot all our
products because we now own the
trademark on smile Moore's we have to go
back through and reshoot all the photos
very tedious but we're changing also the
website but we're not getting much done
so show everybody your tattoo and you've
had this for how long
wait am I going here look for your
spiders Anna won't focus awesome
Lucy well it's it's in a really hurts oh
my gosh my camera won't focus Hey this
tattoo ever for a photographer because
when she takes a picture it says smile
all right no that's great and you're
getting touched up yes in a couple weeks
that's that's tattoos they fade look at
my arm
so we truly have a genuine family
business we do it all internally like
even everybody that works here shipping
your orders is all family Ashley it's my
cousin we have hung out since we could
walk literally that young
and now she's shooting all the photos
for the store and even the simplest
stuff like our cups
it looks so basic but it looks so good
when you're done yeah that's awesome
it's sun bearly yeah
so we're cranking away all day shooting
every product we have uh so you're gonna
be a while hey you going with me yeah
all right mama you're gonna do all your
photos she has to do all her smile more
t-shirt photos because I've seen the
website then you know what this looks
like but we have to redo them also have
fun it's super warm out mommy oh really
yeah but it's still awesome looking I
love it I'll be that get ready get ready
we got to keep moving move move move
move motivation how's my kiss today is
gonna be a mix of family life business
and vlogging it's going to be an
interesting day just left us one more
store we're gonna do all our photos but
I have to go get no from school so we're
gonna do that right now when we get back
we have to continue a whole bunch of
stuff the kids are gonna do it but it's
gotta do it it should be pretty funny
you got me
how the heck was school how was school
how was school how was it how good was
school I halfway through the day I was
like I get no one I get to get no today
I freaked out I had like a serious if
you forgot yeah I was so excited to get
you know as some poem so I need to
approve I want to get on bubblegum well
that'd be cool
double bubble that does it don't we have
ready we don't have you do you don't
know we're just getting back so you're
doing your face fun happy face nailed it
yeah it should just be happy fun small
more pics I mean only good
I like that one that one no salad yeah I
can imagine most people before they saw
this process that we had like this crazy
professional studio with all of this
fancy equipment to make your own website
but this is all it takes guys a roll of
paper a professional big she's she's the
reason they look so good honestly it
this is and Britt he knows we're trying
to get paint we're trying to get cane
he's got to do his t-shirts for that for
the young kids you want to go do the
thumbs up one yeah so these are all the
shirts I have to take pictures for today
and I always put them in the dryer
because it gets rid of all the wrinkles
it's so much quicker than ironing this
is exactly what I usually would never
put in the vlogs I really wouldn't but
last time I had to do all this work you
guys would just film everything just
filming we want to watch it so here's a
test this is I'm not even sure this is a
test to see if you guys really actually
want to watch it I'll keep going keep
going as soon as I got the camera I just
I just felt Ashley it's so hard to
capture the best moments on camera and
as soon as I grabbed it they stopped it
reenact it
oh my god that is priceless
ah that is awesome
got enough gas for your bucket your
bucket runs on gas he does everything
with gas now you build a skateboard up
you just fill this postal bucket if the
post office only no so now it's your
turn
yeah we've been killing it canes crush
me the double thumbs up thank you let me
see the double thumbs up oh you're
awesome so much Noah just did all bunch
of pictures how you like doing photos
good ha ha Kane what the heck is in our
house
what is that Louise here taking a break
gonna grab some dinner it looks amazing
too cheesy chicken and chalupas so mom
all brought Louie over yeah just give me
a photo dog is that a boy or a girl
boy I figured by the name yeah Louie
come here Louie
we're gonna have funny stache look at
that all right this is our very last
beat for today we're gonna take off
Louie see if we can well he's doing
awesome he's gonna he's never worn a
t-shirt has he no well you need to get
sweaters oh oh I want to buy one of
these for my dog movie is that the right
size or is it yeah it looks perfect if
we could get him standing up like that
our backgrounds why
there we go
okay so just today just our photo shoot
well over a thousand photos you do
realize that I have to single-handedly
go through all these single-handedly you
get out of it mama
what are those
okay so we're coming up I'm sure you
guys are tired of seeing all the work
we're gonna take a little bit of time to
hang some stuff up at Noah's room we
just hung up his poster finally then I
got for his birthday I just hung up this
bookshelf which is invisible you can't
see it I love it
then you're just hanging up your
calendar oh and got you for your
birthday
mm-hmm it's coming up guys 2016 is
coming up now at 2016 what are you guys
gonna do for 2016 I hope you're not wait
until 2017 to do it I hope you actually
do it this year what do you want to do
this year huh you got any big plans boy
no no just gonna wait till 2017 so what
some cool stuff we can decorate what
some cool stuff you can put in Noah's
room like he has so much blank space
look at all this what do you like game
posters what do you want in here game
posters yeah we have too much wall just
sitting here what about a like a big
hole right here and a slightly goes to
the bottom downstairs
you're pretty severe hey how you wake up
the ones go ahead first down the slot
into the ball ball pit yeah not as
seriously no though I think we should
put a waterfall here it goes over and
you sleep behind the water alright guys
my friends I hate to do this but I got
it I got I got it in this man today is
just work and and like things like this
honestly I wouldn't put this in the vlog
really like but I had to today it was
either it was either this or no vlog at
all so I hope you would were able to
enjoy a little bit we are working hard
to get all the orders out I still got
everybody's artwork look I got all these
paintings and our
we're ready for that you guys have sent
us this is from you guys and a couple
here we're doing something really cool
with it so I guess now would be a really
good time to thank you guys sincerely
for us supporting this this company that
I started smile more I think it's two of
the most powerful words I live by every
single day and I know a lot of you that
do take it on have changed I see it I
see in the comments I see it in the you
guys really have worked hard to make
that change so thank you my whole family
thinks it's amazing my brain just wants
to pop I just can't believe it Brittany
and I were handwriting like five orders
a week in our old house and now it's
turned into a whole company in our
little basement don't wait for 2016
looking at Noah's calendar don't do it
so much pressure on New Year's
resolution I got a I got a I got a I got
a quit smoking this year I got a I got a
quit not just do it today do it tomorrow
why do you need all that pressure why do
you need a holiday to tell you what to
do like you guys can do it you're
amazing man keep your head up be
positive I gotta go tell me what's your
goals like maybe take something from
this vlog please take something from
this vlog please take something positive
from it go do go do it ah all right I'm
just talking now I love you guys tell me
in the comments say what's your goals
maybe you're waiting for 2016 I
encourage you not to just do it you
don't need the pressure it's pressure Oh
a new year's resolution searly thank you
it's mama
it is little Britney and i's seventh
anniversary we've been together seven
years cuz seven years high five that's a
feat nowadays and we're still alone
are we Tomer love that
