I couldn't know what I feel today but
you feel like home and baby that's okay
get the know out of fear when I'm with
you can't deny that you beautiful cuz
you're all right picture Brett and I
when we were first started dating -
after I cut the hair I finally found
someone I could share my soul and I'm so
she's put up with a lot before I even
had a youtube channel she was with me
let me just tell you first day wow he
touched me ours and his work bandwidth
hurts a whole time - the restaurant is
back gage was that's true I had to work
then I picked her up man huh I wasn't
even nervous about
Christmas 2008
I gave we got together in November 2008
I gave Brittany pack a popcorn and it
said one night of cuddle / movies just
my girl and I kept high knows I'm really
like you Brittany does anyone say love
you know says I really love you and I'm
so lucky that it's you you were my one
love you a mom
hey mommy you look beautiful you ain't
done dancing everything I do from now on
is for you
hey guys hope you're having a wonderful
day our day is where the Sun is already
going down it's 5 o'clock p.m. and we're
almost out of sunlight already I hate
this time change it is little Britney
and i's seventh anniversary we've been
together seven years guys seven years
high five
that's a feat nowadays yeah and we're
still love are we tell them we're low we
are
I'm so excited we've been together seven
years which to me I can't believe it
times went so fast like so fast when we
got together well we didn't have YouTube
there was no United have YouTube I did
again
she worked at a dental office when we
got together I worked in a rope Factory
our lives have changed so much compared
to when we when we met and it's just
unbelievable to see how much has changed
in just seven years it doesn't sound
like long but how much has changed for
us we now have little containers which
is crazy that boys already four years
old
ah everything everything kind of filling
everything kind of fell in place like we
were really broke bringing our really
we'd have any money at all that two
years later Kane came along and the
struggle was real it was like time to
figure this out right at that time my
YouTube stuff started to like climb it
sort of don't like work after two and a
half years of nothing like failure after
failure struggled so hard at YouTube
never made a penny actually made 48
cents in like two years
everybody since when I started you can't
even make money on YouTube
so right when Caine was born it wasn't
long after that Brittany was able to
quit her job and just be a stay-at-home
mom which was incredible for us because
I'm all about that like I love seeing
moms at home with her kids I know it's
hard to do nowadays so we've been
incredibly blessed with that ability to
do that and I don't know so we're
celebrating 70 I'm gonna get too deep
into this stuff right now but seven
years I'm so happy we have a I think
most couples at seven years probably
have this big planned out day of
epicness but for us we have just enough
time run to dinner and that's it haha
okay guys so we just showed up to have
dinner riot she's like oh my god I
forgot my wallet which has most of our
cards in it and then I opened my wallet
I just emptied my wallet out so I have
nothing in it nothing so we can't even
go to dinner but you have that gift card
how much is on there no that's so oh my
god we go to McDonald's so we just came
out for nothing nothing we have no money
at all
what if we're on do we have gas barely
oh my gosh guys
guess who's back tusks area go to dinner
go to the store nothing else all the way
up there didn't have any money we forgot
all our money so he got all the way to
dinner all the way to the restaurant no
money at all not even a dollar not even
run up nothing because we both cleaned
out she cleaned her purse I luckily my
wall out nothing we have nothing now
what so you can be nice I I gotta go get
note for his birthday so that's it
that's it that's our whole our whole
anniversary I know well guys this is
what I call a fail this is a whoa this
is actually what I call resistance this
is what happens when you try to do
things a lot you get resistance but
don't give up you still enjoy your time
together now I get to hang out with my
little boy hey come here real quick
mr. one sock man is this your new thing
yeah come here let me see your head you
see your head whoo in case you guys
didn't watch yesterday Cain cracked his
head open pretty good no one may touch
it okay I won't touch it is it be all
good ah I'm glad you weren't on that
it's actually hard to explain to you
guys that Britney and I only had a
two-hour window two hours today to do
something and we tried to do it we
failed
it's almost comical at this point a
really busy day today busy evening I'm
actually going to pick up Noah right now
from a birthday party that I took into
earlier before I started volume and then
we have a bunch of stuff this up I don't
know what else to say like it is what it
is we couldn't go to dinner but we
definitely are having dinner and they
know this is pretty better anyways kids
with us came rolled these up all by no
way well so I know it's already free and
it was you're the worst person like he
is the worst person to shop for but I
did get something because we're playing
in a movie tonight what is it oh my gosh
and great pop so they probably don't
even know when we first started dating
every single date night we would have
Drita's a great pop and sometimes orange
pop too but great was the number eight
was like our number one great pop and
chips
Doritos so we've got all this fun
homework study test stuff for Noah
school we got to do and it's very
important that we get it done hi I'm
sure you won't be a distraction
honestly now I think I know why our
dinner failed so I could cook no squeak
at all last year so we can all enjoy
dinner together right yeah even with
Mama
how's ear mmm this looks amazing what is
this barbecue chicken with breadcrumbs
breadcrumbs and corn and noodles is it
good what's the coolest plate in the
whole world
I know he loves it okay guys so it is
current day we've skipped past our
anniversary it is over our anniversary
not uh what do you get me what did I get
you you didn't see it it's on the garage
with the big red bone the reason we just
don't get like gifts for each other
well sometimes we do but this was just a
bad bad and avert you know it wasn't
that bad it wasn't that no but at the
end of
was bad at the end of the day though we
were together with our kids
in our home was actually pretty awesome
I mean we weren't on a tropical beach
surfing and scuba diving but we were
together I think that's just as good no
 she's not mine it was pretty weird
a resistance very resistant day anyway
the reason this vlog is going into the
next day because last night as corny as
this sounds we turn on the fireplace
wait you're telling them we turned all
the lights off and we late we filled
this with blankets and pillows and we
just laid there all night and talked and
hung out and it was it's pretty nice
because that's kind of what we did up
first on our first couple days we didn't
go to sleep at all our first night we
literally sat on the couch and talked
till the Sun came up our very first date
you never went to bed the Sun came up
when we went to bed that's true love
right we sure love you guys thanks again
and we will see you tomorrow your
beautiful smile
oh my gosh
that's pretty rad dude whoa
