hey guys welcome back to the little
Atwood house how are you baby
I would messy house it is trash I I will
show this mess bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum bum take top boy hey buddy
are you cold you eating a popsicle
you're not sure looks like a foster home
that's a trick popsicle you know why
it's a trick see Kane can have popsicles
any time because Brittany makes those
are literally just blended organic
strawberries bananas vegetables but he
thinks it's a popsicle
it is a popsicle though there's no trick
mm-hmm okay daddy's got a run very
quickly trav ugh
oh hey mommy to play with you for a
little bit bye bye cane by Kane bye I'm
leavin oh I do get a hug gets by us nice
big old sticky kid hug oh look oh you
got me all popsicle II it was worth it I
love you you get a hug too
you gonna hug too baby all right all
right guys how the heck are you up your
day has been
I headed down to him to do something
I've never done before this is this is
something new and unique it's a hologram
basically they want to create me into a
hologram I've never done anything like
this and I don't know what to expect so
should be interesting it may be just me
on video doing things and then they turn
it into the hologram or photos I don't
know so let's check it out I'm heading
downtown right now to do this so this is
like a little 3d hologram they built out
of the small more logo it's freakin wild
okay so here we are guys this is where I
would be sin what are we doing here ah
we're gonna do a little bit of Halle
beam shooting today so we're gonna get
you on this psych wall I shoot you and
make it look like you're floating in 3d
space on on the Halloween pyramid that
comes with a small walk right though I'm
rolling
hi I'm Roma you guys say what's up my
friends what's up my friend should be
sitting here he's gonna be shooting my
head right we're doing full body do a
full body all right how does this work
we're gonna shoot the front of you and
the side of you and then we're gonna
basically flip the cameras around so
we'll get all four sides of you and then
you'll be floating in the pyramid and
kind of look a little bit strange
floating Roman it sounds awesome
he told me to wear a turtleneck this is
the best I had I actually had a sweater
that kind of ease out and pop high but
wasn't a turtleneck so like you said I
need to do this yeah get rid of my neck
yeah he has no neck it's definitely not
if I push it you believe it or not if I
push this light in my ear ah pull it out
that's odd it's amazing this is they
want to rotate me this is how you do it
this is professional here's your room
and Stan and Scott will uh they gotta
test it they're ready you ready
oh my shut up ready not bad huh silky
smooth Wow ooh sorry
I'm trying to break out of a pyramid oh
yeah okay I got this action look at mom
all day
if you helps you get into the mind
character you can do all yeah all right
I am not sure what that just looked like
on the vlog but we just did some cool
stuff a lot of goofing off basically
they're gonna they're gonna put me into
a hologram saw my actual head and face
these guys like why is he filming him so
he's uh basing my face to be floating on
a hologram and I'll be talking to you
guys as a hologram I think it sounds
pretty cool it's different for sure
it ate up a lot of time it's already
getting late so I'm gonna run home
Britney made this killer dinner I'm
spitting and I yeah I'm starving Let Me
In Zeus did you open the door shut buddy
wish you wasn't even gone long yeah I
did have fun it was it was uh
interesting it's all graphic stuff I
could just do video and pictures in the
neh they do the rest
Alma Circe where's Kane go get Kane
good boy this is what you're doing up
here this is what you're doing did you
get a bath yeah Oh finally give me five
it's been like three weeks you were
starting to look like a root
so today Brittany made her famous chili
and when I say famous because when she
makes it just about everyone we know
asks they can come over I swear however
yesterday she made probably my favorite
pulled pork I've ever had in my life and
I love pulled pork good frigging job did
he break it
check this out she found this is gonna
sound crazy on a few verities she found
adult coloring books like extreme
coloring books and they're insane look
at that it's beautiful so when we first
met Brittany used to do to everything
like she would write me these notes and
the whole page would be these beautiful
do do we have any of those I cannot
since we move that we have them
somewhere if I ever find them they're
like masterpieces and there were notes
to me she really knew how to win me over
I mean she really knows how to win my
heart look at this hey guys welcome to
cooking in the kitchen hey guys hey guys
welcome to our cooking show welcome to
the at word Smith cooking show hey guys
welcome maybe we should just stick to
vlogging like just holding the camera
yeah I think you do Oh
all right guys all right guys so tonight
we thought it would be fun to we've been
doing this for what a week now or so we
thought it would be fun for not just you
but as a family maybe you can make them
as a family or you can trick your kids
to eat better we thought we'd come on
here and show you how we make our
popsicles for our kids know they're
amazing
I even don't like in here this is how to
make very healthy popsicles that your
you can eat anytime first you're gonna
need a blender blender any kind of
longer this is the cheap cheapest ninja
bond there then you're gonna need to rip
it open here oh I got it I'm a cook too
on the show if you need manly help and I
always use frozen strawberries if not um
then you'll need to add ice no biggie
okay one full banana that's two full
banana two full bananas and a small bag
of strawberries just oh you can you can
actually don't have to use frozen but
you have to have a dice I would add ice
and do no milk or water okay I add a
little just really really good organic
milk or water if I don't have any good
milk yeah how much you know how to add
you just go buy it
so was that one else that's more that's
two hundred milliliter imagine how bad
art if we had a cooking show would be
he's like just just do this but here's
not how to do it and you're always gonna
like start it and then probably re add
something ready here's where the bass
drum
okay so my ass is smell slow so you
blend it up this is just strawberries
and banana see now that's good I mean
that's what you want to start with yeah
start to farm off of them and then you
start adding a couple carrots
it's like putting dog's medicine and a
hot dog they don't really know what
they're eating yeah so then you start
adding some spinach please or like just
your multivitamin in there boom so if
you want to make the popsicles you're
good to go with just that I still think
your first day first day you want to
make them follow up with it which it's
still really healthy strawberries and
mint well it's better than a normal and
this is all we have right yeah you could
use any type of public Amazon anything
you can use any popsicle thing they have
all kinds and usually there's a little
tray that helps keep them upright you
can't even put like a really good
organic juice in it freezes it anything
really good just but this is just what
we do next thing I put in is flaxseed
oil flaxseed oil what the heck is
flaxseed oil
oh yo yo yo yo it's a really healthy oil
your body needs mmm I prefer 10w30 and
then some super greens which is usually
I just do kale on spinach but we're
doing spinach flaxseed oil bananas
strawberries
denne denne denne denne denne are you
watching our cooking show here mm-hmm
Kane maybe your kids are different or
maybe you guys are different but if he
sees the vegetables won't eat it boom he
won't even try it
but what's that I'd be like it's banana
it's green banana oh I like throwing i
like throwing some mint Leafs in it so
yeah we give the baby carrots baby
carrots you sure you don't want this in
there oh my god horseradish carrot
Spanish on
Anna just keep that three total bananas
here's your popsicles man good is it
good that was yes I wouldn't call it
tricking your kids or lying to your kids
okay just call it making them healthier
yeah
plus some Britney's all my throw like a
bag of Jolly Ranchers in there these
kids skittle pops so you fill your
little popsicle container oh that's good
yeah I need a I need to get more than
just four well I mean you gotta start
somewhere and these will last forever so
literally last a few months because it's
proud of that you just ate one on there
from oh four hmm
just for the record this isn't just for
kids these things are amazing
oh nice these are good for anybody
notice the popsicles making the
smoothies it's like like if you want
something sweet at night once we got
into the routine of this you can you can
literally cut out soda if you're trying
to quit drinking pop replace it with
smoothies I'm telling you it gives you
just as much energy if not more than
that pop and you don't have the down hot
trust me I've been hooked on a lot of
that stuff and the downside of it
terrible
I just thought off the energy drinks and
I feel good all day rather than good for
like an hour
yeah or less so try it I don't know I
did we've done this in the vlogs before
and a lot of you guys were making all
kinds of cool smitty so I don't know
feel like it was something we wanted to
share with you guys
actually I just wanted to dress up new
kiss
ah that's it yeah this morning I was
like Kane what do you want for breakfast
he wouldn't eat an egg you wouldn't like
eat anything healthy I was like came
here a pot single he wants jump yeah but
it's not junk so that's what he had for
breakfast wasn't nice a smoothie pocket
healthy pop and that would smoothie pop
get him now folks they're going fast and
since they're already really cold it
doesn't even that long
yeah see ya guys hope you enjoyed a
little healthy trip a healthy pip
healthy shoes trying to do more help I
know a lot of people are just trying to
be healthier a new year hmm I know I'm
trying to cook healthier y'all healthier
you're doing a great job baby
you doing a great job now about that
smoothie let me take that off your hands
no easy do you have a blender if you
just rinse them as soon as you're done
that is the trick rinse your blender as
soon as you're done then it's you're
done yeah that thing sits in there
muscle by my hunger good yeah it's good
that's our little man right there oh
he's gonna be up some the night probably
stuff doesn't bore you guys too much but
I'm telling you if you have kids I don't
have to explain to you how hard it is
get them to eat healthy eating is one
thing eating out these like it's hard
right there's so much there's so much
they always want the junk and so do we
like I fall for it all the time so hope
I didn't bore you too much bye hope it
helps you know even if you have kids if
you have any picky family members that
come over anyway you want a smoothie and
they feel
amazing after about oh and you know why
we like it believe it or not even the
fruits are loaded with sugar but at
least it's natural sugar but that's why
we like it so we crave sugar sugar is
not that fake sugar ready this you're
not in the shot hello everybody
haha it's once upon a time time this is
the time where we do
once upon a time who you looking at who
you looking at this story can be about
rockets or dog poop or chipmunks or uh
tickle fights how about tonight we ask
them what tomorrow's bedtime story let
go let go maybe we ask them what our
bedtime story should be about Salaam hey
drop it tez gonna help me up I'm running
out ideas we do this every night we lost
see you in a minute
like I'm biting your head no way
holy counselor Oh homeless I'm so close
that's pretty cool that's just that's a
basic one but it still looks amazing it
took me by poor little wrists hahaha we
are we are wrapping up our night guys
just got came to lay down finally that
kid is like I don't know firecracker he
some reason like right at night oh we
did you miss me yeah no wonder nah but
even on a regular night he is a fireball
man I came perfect name for that kid I
think kids come with their hair
the kids come with their names
the Holograms should kind of ate my day
up so kind of cutting the vlog short
again but really weird
what is it so I just got these socks
uh-huh on the inside they have like
these plastic what rubber eyes errs yes
it keeps it on your heel super traction
that's hilarious
all down is so weird to me but it's
worked great that's really weird to put
in the blog - oh we're again thanks for
joining this uh this little family we
got going on here and joining us on
these videos guys the the channel is
insane uh it's it's climbing up there
with one of the biggest daily channels
in the world it's it's really crazy to
us and thanks for being here we love you
thanks for the support I can't say it
enough I feel like I could make a twenty
minute video being just saying thank you
thank you thank you it's it does feel
like that um we'll see you tomorrow
hopefully it much longer getting it back
on the long blogs at least 2008 to me
20s like standard like I want 20 feels
like a vlog to me 15 20 thank you guys
I'm gonna shut up right now
don't forget how unbelievable you are
you are one-of-a-kind people want to be
you smile more you're beautiful
downtown's looking a little rough we had
to run downtown pick up some samples of
some smaller products which way am I
going it depends on which way you want
to show you guys I don't know I said
wash
traffic and low traffic 670 or backroad
ah you know I'm sorry sugar right but my
vlog in style
