hey guys what is up my friends what's
going on here
who is that who is that I have prepared
say hi I have prepared one of my
favorite breakfasts in the entire world
sausage gravy and biscuits and when I
mean prepared I mean I poured this into
a bet into a bowl and microwave did
there was no effort whatsoever
Alfie is here from the UK and he's never
heard of this so I'm very excited for
him to try this he thinks this is cat
puke tastes like cat puke say anything
tastes like cat puke say it again no
you're crazy I hope he doesn't react
like that so how is it a man good
morning miss yes and gravy this is it it
looks good it's amazing I call damn what
they called in the UK these scones
scones Scott or a scone if your posh a
scone yeah so it'd be sausage gravy my
scones
yeah sauce the screaming but normally
you'd have like jam and whipped cream oh
that sounds good dudes maybe we try that
next
yeah we haven't I mean only getting rid
of raisins and we have jamming will
train yeah here we go so this is how you
and I seize American and this is British
but this is like really traditional like
you guys somewhere like a posh little
like British restaurant kind of thing so
here we go I tell mine all up tear it
all up in pieces and then I dump the
gravy all over ya so you do it however
you want but that's how I would often
yeah okay I'm using the cannon today
because I've noticed last few blocks
have been real shaky and I think I think
my like stabilizer in the Sony is bad I
don't know so here we go I just turn him
on all up and then I pour the cat puke
right on top oh ha oh man I'm gonna use
too much dude I'm I got greedy there
alright so missing some gravy is it
approved definite it looks good this is
ready yet yeah yeah this is good see
you're the only one that doesn't like it
do you know what I care she never eats
it but that always I have the whole
thing to myself when she is weird and
this is so sweet with sausage yeah they
love it sweet and salty sweet I don't
trust it
all right guys before we do anything
today I gotta get a little work done a
little business
it never stops even when our guests are
here you gonna help me I appreciate it
yeah actually she's backing up right now
see nice Park job girl oh you got it you
gotta pull forward a little bit Alfie
Brittney iron cane you got this one yeah
you got to get it cane we are he's part
of the family business now Alfie we
hired him he's working full-time now
you're stretching guys yeah you're gonna
you have to tell all your viewers bro
we're trying to get everything out for
Christmas for you guys I know how
important that is and we're working
extremely hard to make sure that happens
or get our stock back up which is great
kind of these and these are already on I
know
get it get it oh you got it dude here's
a can of pineapples how come you took
Alfie seat that's why he's supposed to
sit
running over dropping all the merch over
to the post office and are you gonna
help me you gonna help me yeah I miss
cute innocent cane what happened to our
baby he's turned into a dinosaur
ah ah hey no hurtin II guess this is how
you this is how you know that we are
phenomenal business people because we
just brought all the merge to a post
office that's closed for Veterans Day no
not in America
pretty decent YouTube but we don't got
the whole business side of things down
these dag on pineapples what's going on
here dude you ready we're meeting a
grandma duck we're taking Alfie to one
of our favorite pizza places here ready
and we got my buddy with us
ollie can you jump I honestly think
Alfie was more scared to get out of the
truck than you were
he's like massive hmm just like it at
the fridge at home you push it up
against here to get ice I just nervous
just push it against this black black
part the water he wants fruit punch oh
okay go ahead yeah
you're officially working here now oh my
gosh
do you like it do you know what it
tastes like he's never had or heard of
root beer your viewers are gonna kill me
when I say this why it tastes like the
mouth what you get when you're at the
dentist what the off do you find like a
filling or like your teeth checked
maybe they use root beer where you're
from yeah I've never heard of that but
yeah I was just somewhere else and they
never heard of root beer
it tasted a dish that's so weird Alvie
and i are we're gonna eat and then we're
gonna go shoot this ridiculous challenge
video like I'm so excited about this
challenge we did it last night I didn't
put it in the vlog but did you put like
one second item film either yeah it
wasn't one second Brit was like straight
I don't remember shooting that laughing
or crying that's why I love the
challenge it's hilariously I'm so
excited about and I can't list some can
decide if it's gonna live on his chin or
mine but we'll let you know
I think we're aiming for this channel
he's gonna live on mission we think yeah
yeah I think that we get per video yeah
it's gonna go up so you'll get two
videos one day I don't know a day maybe
this weekend or Sunday or tomorrow I
don't know and look who's joining the
party
I'm also bossy today what's up do you
not have your normal container of our
logs burning I lost it you lost it yeah
that's how I know you had it now this is
a table of food man so this is um spicy
Thai chicken have you had that before I
not and this is the barbecue chicken
regular BLT and he's just like you know
any ordered you guys think uh you guys
think I'm bad he ordered chicken fingers
it's a good medicine that's exactly what
I do all the time all right we're just
warping home and uh you know we forgot
cane gotta go back I was oh oh my god we
got to go back doing take some toys out
yesterday I should take some toys out
you take the razor this thing's a riot
man to a call seven on my license
yeah all right we can bust that out how
am i kicking this day Oh actually I
think you're doing it right it's just
cold she's writing a bit on it man so
Alfie has never ridden a gear dirt bike
ever why I got this one and you're
starting with a big old 50 cc baby
so one up yeah one up Cody but I'll call
that one I'm used to the break three in
here
well there's one here this is front
that's it he's getting the full
experience better than I was for my
first we are officially buried guys
you never driven one of these man I
don't even have a license so we can do
it yeah food
this might be my very last vlog guys my
be n subscribe
not right now we were covered Karla gosh
we're lucky to have made it I wish I had
some swimming goggles Oh Oh unbelievable
this is like the greatest thing ever who
do you do on you think you're ready to
go build a snow fort there's just some
things that vloggers cannot capture like
that was awesome but I can't like
capture that the little fuzzies going
deep into my eyes I think I can't see
Brittany and Alfie are in the basement
getting t-shirts so easy
oh my trial again dog birthday look we
just got my dog no way that's gonna be
sick it will it fit your dog are big
yeah I mean that's all yeah damn you're
all branded out you see that big no I
know
all right ACK work it up dude looks good
you look good dude
boy I mean I took money out your wallet
earlier so we're good we gotta go we
have to leave are you ready what you are
that it's kind of money so sure is it
cane look right now I give everything
for you I think you did okay we got we
gonna take the gt-r you gonna write in
the back
it's why you mad at me because I scared
you you little baby girl this car has
the smallest backseat ever but if John
fit back here you can fit back here
maybe
what do you mean okay so we're going up
to a bowling alley right now you're
phenomenal bowling I'm wait were you
gonna say that on the blog picking me up
when we said something about like
Brittany was like um yeah blah blah blah
is going bowling and he was like I'm the
best bowler
I mean Oldham settings that we run them
up and we said can we book a lane and
they said okay we're gonna get some
clothes in there to come and play with
you that's what I'm saying we're gonna
we're all gonna see we're all gonna see
about that now we got need to blog that
but we don't need to see it making at
least break for tea oh yeah you go thank
you see we all have goals tonight I want
to hit I want to break a hundred
like that's C on a break on it's pretty
tough yeah I mean for Bullers it's not
hard but for people we blame with that
so I don't know I can't decide what day
is that how you bought that you trick oh
I can buddy hey what's up my buddy Jeff
mutters here look at this pac-man this
is the coolest pac-man game ever for
players how does that work
we have Pro Bowler your bra's iPhone we
have got out my house you got to dry off
why does it have to be in class did you
feel right everyone's doing really well
you got hang on it's a very competitive
game actually Jeff is at 84 Alfie's at
80 well Fritz trying and I haven't I
don't know what I'm Anna no I don't want
to say what you're out I don't know
Oh excuses you have 50 cent you have the
spare in the strike if she says I'm
ready to bury the disbelief going with
you this oh watch the cleanup watch the
cleanup they helped you tell them thank
you so much for coming thank you guys so
much for meeting here tonight and I just
can't say thanks enough
all right these guys aren't too excited
to come up here and show you the scores
Jeff 117 Alfie 122 Brit 64 149 guys I
took this game I got lucky really lucky
how it's so good nailed it
No
no you cannot get there
dizzy bowling I'm going to back oh
you're gonna hold the ball like this
like that spend ten times and then bolt
hey 10 spins 10 don't even I know it's
it's dizzy dizzy bowling 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
strike time hey you go oh I thought you
get 1 so we're wrapping up this place
has one of the weirdest coolest things
I've ever seen I I don't know if you've
seen it or not check this out we should
have done this why don't we do that
because I forgot until right now
look at this bowling alley no way I know
they're like little
you should we vote it down there's no
pens you know this entire time I could
have been vlogging is it look how bad I
mean I looked heroin my face salt broke
out and I could just walk on this side
of my face and you guys wouldn't really
notice that man I am so guys but
whatever yesterday when we had dinner
the place where we cooked their own
steaks Alfie left his credit cards were
going downtown Columbus to try to get
his card back
did you call Mississippi - so we're
definitely getting
so you're not going home with out your
creditor but he's not in tree doesn't
care about us
really there's no parking just aw man
you scratch your door no it's fine I got
it
okay I'm probably have to circle around
so I'm circling around the city Alfie
had to go in and grab his credit card
Brittany had to fee and there's no
parking anywhere and it's freaking rain
this will be the very first time my car
touches the rain guys you get it nothing
in the world why where's my camera go
did you not get it
oh yeah there we go I'm girl asked if I
could get in her pocket because I was
the most adorable thing ever oh I've
been asking you to do that forever
what'd she see I put my shoes on no I
did it I have no idea what no I did it
I'm really bad at gonna get hey we're
gonna get Kate a toy
he said bigger than this what were you
gonna put it
I better - no you've got to go without
sort biggest thing there so we're going
and Alfie said you have to stop at a
source we're stopping at a store I'm
pretty sure there's pretty big TV is
that how it's gonna fit in your car
though you put a tiny thumb he wants to
get gain something with your said to you
King doesn't need any belly nothing no
he does not need
y'all meet you guys there
it's on mom all settings yeah you want
to raise come on Oh Mike it's got
nothing
let's race let's race dog set go - no
danger zone I think either you know
she like yo since you're buying
everybody gifts why don't you get
grandma on you outfit
yeah I'll go and ask oh my god
okay I'm telling her she jump in the car
no no children in basket we originally
came in here because Elfie wants to get
Kane a gift
Kane doesn't need you guys no Kane does
need any gifts but he refuses to not yet
and now we're done
what that big diaper two of your heads
can fill those up it's bigger than your
entire body let me shine up that's my
whole face you could parachute with that
thing look at you
alright come on somebody I need but they
say somebody's probably tried that on to
this oh I'm just trying to get some
shopping done and this guy's bothering
me yeah you get him out of here
don't do it Brit he's pretty good with
that thing boom boom boom boom boom
dude look what I found guys check it out
finally got some golf tees that'll be
fun right
guess who's on hi buddy what are you
doing hey hey
no big dinosaur do you like him Robin
he's yours
okay my friends we are actually wrapping
up the night before we do first of all I
got to thank you because you guys are
ridiculously powerful did you see this
is insane it's insane
so more than Justin Bieber yeah you're
beating Justin Bieber today okay so
yesterday we started competition this
week who can send more subscribers to
whose channel so this is from yesterday
alright so let me give you a shot of
this
Elfi is sitting in the number-two spot
for the most subscribers in 12 hours 27
thousand subscribers
dude you're beaten Justin Bieber in like
27,000 and you're coming up on Adele I
am sitting at number 4 above Ellen just
under Bieber
we need to get and we need to get 1 & 2
1 & 2 would be super 1 & 2 would be
official super vlog week so here's what
we're doing go smash Happy's channel
let's get him to the number one spot
let's get me to the number 2 spot for
the most epic picture ever that would be
like I'm just reading now saying this if
we can get more subscribers than he can
get me well right now we're winning the
Roman soldiers are winning they are
you're killing it look at it you guys
27,000 of you have went there in 12 12
hours that's like but if you walk down
on stage and seen 27,000 people that's
like you're I mean that's a lot let's
bigger than a what's it called in New
York what's the big one I don't know
natsu square God is 18,000 really haha
so more more of you guys have subscribed
to me in 12 hours then Madison's quest
so links in the description guys just
like yesterday let's kill it you didn't
go go check him out you're gonna like
this channel anyway so let's do this
let's get to the number 1 & 2 spot
thank you guys we will see you tomorrow
your beautiful smile more I don't know
what just ran past me whoa holy cow
I think I gotta go to the bathroom
