hey guys good morning we're starting off
with a killer breakfast bacon and eggs
and sausage pretty much tradition when
we have guests how'd you sleep man
Alfie's here I said really really good
all the way from his 13-hour flight he
arrived there after midnight last night
alright so you got some sleep really
good nobody pranked you and my room
smell of all Christmassy and no facts
although when I when I got in yesterday
Britt was like I think somebody's in the
house or is the clown was I right what's
going on I'm an idiot then you're like
hey you're sleeping upstairs by yourself
huh sigh right and still happiness I
explained to him days before he arrived
you made it very clear that you were
terrified you were gonna be prank and I
had to convince him that that wasn't
gonna happen and this is this it's not
just you it definitely a poor eyesight
and fed to Zoey before I know he's got a
police car we're gonna get pulled over
on the way back they're gonna take him
back to the airport but man you having
hi Liam um that's a kind of a compliment
yeah but I promised you I told you we
would just have fun and make some crazy
vlogs gainers hi buddy
so we're just getting the day started
Britney's finishing up her girly stuff
we could be waiting a while on that but
look at this
typical Ohio baby it's just rain clouds
we may have to find some indoor
activities today but we're doing super
vlogs this week extra long extra fun as
he started hi buddy
ha ha ha where you think you're going I
think you're so tough you think you're
so tough yeah whoa
mommy put the guns away morning okay
guys we're bouncing out of the house and
it's very ugly
it's nasty it's raining it's wet there's
already so many differences between your
culture and my culture and one of the
biggest things that comes to mind is you
have never held we're seeing a gun in
real life now never even see a sample
over like a base officer's name never
but you've never touched a gun ever not
no one doesn't that guys no I don't
think you can you won't get one right
completely understand so I don't think
there's any way to start this lab out
better than to take him to my buddy
Jerry's shooting range this is I think
if you're gonna shoot a gun for the
first time it should be here
yes all right it's it's state-of-the-art
facility it's safe and it's controlled
via mounted using the theremin what are
you doing to my son and I guarantee even
if he has shot a gun before you've never
shot a gun like
this is going to be
yeah can we jump we've just jumped into
a gas station what do you call gas
stations like what even is a gas station
or a page of petrol station petrol
station pantry a pedo station natural
petrol petrol petrol stick anyway we're
learning that there's we're called
Walker's ours are called leis
he said not hot the shop so I just
didn't know what any of it was he's
buying he's buying a tree for cane to
win his heart over you're gonna propose
to him I feel what it'll work oh yeah
see I don't work a little way back any
but I wanted that bendy car and I'll be
like oh yeah you get him the bendy car
he's like yours I'll take him home he's
gonna go home with you here we are you
guys ready you ready gonna be so good
yes he's so good plane right yeah this
is our day we got a first-timer here
today actually she hasn't been here
either
yes so we got so we're here to give a
little experience teach them a little
bit and then of course let them have
some serious fun absolutely so let's see
hmm
absolutely so I have a I'm taking on the
range it'll set you down we're going to
go over just all the same oils a gun
handling he's gonna start you over the
poster grip stance everything we're
gonna start you off easy we've got our
targets we've got a couple handguns here
ear protection is a must and then these
are for the big guys after you take your
class excited oh you're gonna you're
gonna just flip did you have any idea
you become in the class we're good we're
doing this very proper oh my gosh run
like that
and you're off the trigger just like
this and that's how you would hold it
okay
figure out the trigger and just like
that make sure you're nice and firm okay
mm-hmm just like that no I don't hear it
my thumb pop that's the first gun he's
ever held yeah it is it's not as scary
as you thought huh it's heavier than
watch the with that okay we're ready to
go in a little lane one we're a spark
put everything on Wayne to go your left
right here if you hold it straight in
it's going to go straight up at some
time then lean into okay just do short
little bursts with it okay now I submit
so fully out of 17 she's never shot it
before I say all the way tight pull back
let go at your OC muzzle flash up here
because it's calm
don't let freak-outs off the trigger
good job good
there you go
whoo how was that I was scary okay
Alfie's turn let's see it
whoo makes you want to close my eyes I
believe a baby
absolutely that's great you guys
destroyed the target that's for sure
I've been sitting back patiently waiting
all right groaning this time guys
that is better
oh my god I'll take two yes sir here
remember this is a side pool yeah
alright since nobody's run enough here
to do it I'm going to move over to the
HK this is fully auto as well my son
I'll come for ya
Oh bollocks
oh this is incredibly smooth there's no
kick it's very bad Hartman so how you
feeling what do you think this is sick
it's so much more attention than what I
thought
intent I thought intends yeah I thought
I'd stop
yeah everything every incredible
especially when our endures such a more
power it's not your pasta no even just
the KP like the smell happens for
everything sir so Brittany's got a jump
on the HK this gun is incredible like
it's so smooth compared to the Glock
you hit some oh well we got a real treat
today
this is we'll never do it again in your
life
Korean War era browning 1919 and what
you're going to see Jake and Jim do
right now is they're actually going to
secure it to the bench because of the
recoil that way while you're shooting it
the recoil is absorbed by the bench and
not by you so it's going to give them
just a couple seconds here to get it set
up here's the belts that you're going to
run okay it's a 308 round why are you
shooting this these links are going to
go flying out what grass is going to go
out the other so don't work that lands
on your shoes just kick it off this runs
through in about 1.1 seconds just uh
shoot is going to be loud so just get
ready for that's why I had to go what
those guys you built your mama's so
giggly right now this is good what you
said you had a treat for us I didn't
expect this this is crazy
I'll take care of you
this is next level right here I'm gonna
shot anything like this whoa holy cow I
think I gotta go to the bathroom oh man
I want ready for that I know that it's
not going to translate but the
concussion like yeah you're standing
back your shirt and everything moves
no matter how many times you do it it's
still that shocking like it's
yeah you're good I'll just waiting for
him to clear that way we were shooting
but he was trying to untether the nice
g-46 now this is a ar-15 in full auto
generally they'll call them m16 or m4 s
this is a full auto 8 ar-15
it's a pvs-14 I don't even know what he
just walked in with what is this yes yes
43 Chinese may shoot 17 sign me up how
do we do it
holy cow
what's with the plate in the front
what's that for this is the heat shield
and that's the concussion to keep such
concussion we down some buttons it
outside so it fires from this position
all right
mags in it's ready to go why so it's
ready to shoot okay that's a wrap on gun
day how'd you guys would you think that
was so much better than white boy it was
gonna be ha ha I know so nervous like
just guns it was like torrents yeah it
was it was next level I didn't even
expect that I didn't expect that about
left already such a fun start to this
little trip awesome Alfie's here for the
week guys we're also both vlogging
so if you get a chance his channel will
be in my description go show some love
go tell them that you're a Roman soldier
and I sit you there sipping some love
man let's blow this channel up are you
vlogging this week yeah I can just sort
that money can fit in you yeah I put
some fuzzies on last drops the audio
will be good for you I can't believe it
you never use those and I much finish
now we put we put the windscreens on
there this morning
hi everyone that comes up to this camera
room you have something on top I know
they're pretty distracting for the are
anyway we're heading to dinner and we're
going to a cool place you guys actually
maybe you've seen this new boy thing we
did a night here once yeah we long time
ago
my third waiting the second day and you
just haven't told me kinda that time for
an old-fashioned food this is I don't
even know where to start we all got a
little bit of salad and we were talking
about
proportions earlier because overseas the
portions are much smaller in the u.s.
usually you order salad it comes out and
like a giant bowl is huge it's a meal so
we actually got normal proportions I
don't know what these are what else is
causation
and then these are bratwurst corndogs
basically there's bratwurst and
could be the greatest idea ever why
haven't we done them just in case you
missed it in a different video that
we've made this is a hot super hot rock
that they bring you and you cook your
own steak it comes out all it's awesome
what do you think dude
sorry excited everything is so good
usually you pay to have your steak cook
but tonight you get to pay to cook
yourself now I get to juice yeah
no complaints we all got the same thing
I know you love this and they got a one
always start such a comment war when I
tell you guys how I eat my steak
medium-well just a little tiny bit of
pink how do you interstate media Wow
really
I know people get so mad when I cook my
steak like they like it like raw like
this
yes some people eat their steak just
like this
okay guys we're moving on we just met up
with Tim and car what's up buddy sup man
he literally just flew in from China
right now like about a hour ago
one hour that I only had a buck count
right now so you don't need sleep this
guy never ever sleeps so we're taking
actually we're going to the bar Kade
because Alfie he'd never heard of one of
these right there's no such thing in the
UK yeah so it's a arcade that's also a
bar I've showed it the blogs before it's
a fun place to hang out so it's a house
where you get to your flat how old are
you we were just at old are you - I
didn't okay how old are you oh you know
half these games like retro to him is
halo oh that's true yeah it did so funny
I just watched the movie pixels
let me see it now I haven't seen it yet
well I don't know just coming in here
reminds me that
has like all this school especially
cuber
okay all right
we're trying sorry to rekey ho here we
go alright well it looks so weird on the
banner goody
who wears short shorts
I'm stopping you stopping you
no way that's the first time we played
that's the year I was born 83 Oh it's
meant to be this thing's going home with
me I remember playing all these games
thinking those are the best graphics
I've ever seen like how can it get any
better than this
do you remember master sizes black
pixels dude I remember playing these
games Mario Kart Goldeneye and I was
like
oh did I know butter remember that yeah
good honestly once you beat every game
in there two or three times it just gets
boring you know I mean totally boring
like this you know just all that it gets
repetitive right bug
good oh did you have a good time he did
he did little drink her a little fish
you have a good time buddy I love to the
games I know you're sleeping back there
feel bad we're gonna we're gonna get you
okay we're gonna get you home
we've had an excellent day so far like a
great fun day to me it's been just ideal
it may be used to finishing still go you
cheese cake
I'd even tell you guys you're cheesy
together was a secret it is so hard you
know anytime I have a drink or two
drinks Roman has a big dessert here's
how they know you've been drinking is
the only time I Drive I was gonna say
why you driving why are you driving
because Britney had a drink at the bar
Kade bar games
so we're headed home we're leaving the
city we're going to go back to a little
green Shack is it little summer house I
wanna go back to my little green char my
stuff like I'll see you guys I'm like
God both being on the truck
oh here she comes I don't know what I'm
flogging right now but I pulled out my
camera forget I just talked it was one
song we know as well
oh here she comes that's a good song
Halle knows baby we're walking in real
quick to get breakfast sir
Pritam oh what's that well you boy you
making funny man
ah thank you so much yeah I just bought
up the camera I want to talk to you guys
and be real personal that this Alfie guy
why say oh what's up there it is oh well
that smells good it does smells like
Christmas
cinnamon power you can scare girls with
anything dude anything you think you can
scare a girl with a cute teddy bear
let's try it right yeah wait scared her
where you can scare girl with that
scary teddy bears I told you can scare a
girl with anything dude I guess for that
matter I would have been scared as well
like that was terrifying not well look
at what's on top of his head right does
it spin round that's a baby turtle
coming out that's the thing get my
spirit out
it looks like he's giving birth to
another baby turtle I don't know maybe
I'm delirious uh okay so car yes Cain
earned a wobbly car today Alfie and I
are gonna film this really funny video
tomorrow we need normal like silly
things to do while we do it
carrying the kid down the stairs good I
like the kids idea we got this Ginga
games gonna be perfect for it oh and we
need breakfast I think it's gravy and he
said what's best isn't gravy because
your biscuits are different to us also
biscuits right were you're dipping your
tea right it's like a hard cracker
yeah and ours is like a soft warm bread
yeah I don't like this for breakfast
you're gonna have gravy it's the
greatest thing ever
gravy for breakfast it's not that's why
I've reversed dinner
don't take X game don't think of that
type of gravy I could make an entire
video just about the things he's never
heard of that we have every single day
it's a did you hear what he just said he
said Hershey Kisses don't taste right
oh my gosh they melt in your mouth that
was like a commercial thing yes
Hershey's chocolate is the best in the
world
you ever been to Hershey Pennsylvania
20 miles before you get to the glacier
no Charlie calm are you asleep
man I genuinely worried me walking into
yours lying on the couch unconscious
you've been drinking again
we're home of course of course you found
mommy what about daddy I got you
something you know what I got you come
here I'll show you I got you here it's
in my pocket
we got disappointing that was look oh
you have that one yeah you have that one
yeah and now you have this one so we're
kind of wrapping up our evening we got
the lego gamers here rocking out the
lego jurassic world we are jumping into
a little bit of call of duty before we
pass out Alfie's beat man and then you
should be this guy has done so much in
the past few days it's been good you're
a champ yeah we we've already had such a
great day though and tomorrow we're
doing all kinds of funny stuff I'm
really excited for this club I have been
so maybe we should do a gaming video do
you want to do a gaming video yeah do
you guys what yeah do you guys want to
slow again
not this yeah what game that that would
be at what game maybe we do it like a
vote thing on Twitter or something oh
you may have to infer a reef wall yeah I
play inverted so oh he's down down is up
yes
my whole life I'm probably do you guys
play like that so we're actually gonna
rap the night up guys this is uh your
very first you think you're gonna get
that home
she's take it home yeah I'm just gonna
wear it cut it out cut it up wait see
you you did really well this was his
very first ever shooting anything ever
even holding a gun in his wife this was
your first five rounds we put five in
right yeah it's fantastic I don't know
what happened down here but this was
this this was like the first gun that
was at 12 feet yeah and then this was a
15 feet the second gun aw I'm so good
we're leaking all this back it had he
been a bad guy I think you would've got
five facials have you ever done five
facials put we gotta kill you we better
in this vlog okay guys again I'm gonna
throw alvie's channel in the description
go smash it go show him your love guys I
know how powerful you are we're having a
little subscriber battle he's gonna see
how many of his viewers are going to
come to us and how many of you are gonna
go to him we're gonna watch the stats
small so let's see if we gonna win I
think we got this you haven't got that
you're in for a real treat my friend we
love you guys thanks for hanging out
with us today we will see you tomorrow
don't forget to smile more so we got
this whole barbershop when are we
pulling pranks here guys come on man you
know you got some ideas this is such an
awesome place to pull pranks he's got
some really funny pranks where you know
that ear thing
