I love you
I'll be right back okay hey guys how the
heck are you good morning good afternoon
good night whichever it is I hope your
day is just perfect and if it's not
let's make it perfect let's start out
fresh this week I am launching super
vlog week that's right this is gonna be
my attempt at a whole week of super
vlogs this is like extra-long vlog extra
exciting extra family just a big mix of
super vlogs that's what I'm going to
send it to you couple of exciting things
I have a brand new special guest flying
in right now it's gonna take him 13
hours to get here he's coming from
Europe I'm going to get I don't know if
this is working very well is it or is it
too shaky I can't tell I can't see my
screen
I just want to drift right now like if
you ever just want to be in a car and
start drifting
today tonight I have a special guest
flying in from Europe I'm extremely
excited about this something that I
wouldn't want to do for a while see you
going to take in 13 hours to get here so
he's probably going to be exhausted so
for now I am going to get this old crone
out blizzard off my head come on you're
gonna come get me I know I'm not
speeding
all right let's go get this Pro busted I
think I was just kind of getting used to
this lizard I think you guys were too
it's got to go it's time so we got this
whole barber shop when are we pulling
Franks here guys come on man you know
you got some ideas this is such an
awesome place to pull print he's got
some really funny pranks where you know
that year thing do you have one here we
could prank kids so bad in here hits its
kids in here and then he has like this
rubber ear and he takes his comb and
swipes it down your ear and drops in
here onto your lap it's so terrifying
like as a kid I would I would scrub the
girl huh the bird that poops all that so
we're gonna shave off the lizard it's
time you know people actually liked it
you could stay in there from day one
people are like you jacked your head up
you just ruined yourself by day two by
three people are like it's starting to
grow me I kind of liked it and now it's
like completely gone it's easy to fix
all right guys got the haircut pretty
much just shape the sides off headed
over to my buddy John's house Big John
one of my favorite people on this planet
love
anyways I headed over there to visit
with him and man I hope you guys having
a good day check out Columbus right now
that's our city right there the whole
thing Columbus is huge until you've been
to any other city like before I really
started traveling I thought I had such a
big city but it's really small baby
psyche like then I was just playing
playing with your new toys yeah Mir dude
what's up man look good Ike yeah let's
see if I can do this without him crying
last time he threw a fit for me you
ready for the camera this is John and
Lauren's beautiful boy
what's up body there's a little smile
he'll he needs to learn how to feed this
hippo how do you so he can feed this you
keep food in the house Lauren speaking
of food that's where he wants to go
right now time Pizza time all right
thought we're gonna hang out here but
John wants pizza so what John wants John
Key's yeah he's the boss
all right we're hitting up hound dogs
pizza for people but we're people so
that works out I've never I have been
you it's over here I'm that was okay
right good great great fat guy lay it
out dude on I will no fat dude FAIL Blog
that's the name isn't it we just shoot a
new thumbnail for the weight this is
really an entrance is this place open
dude come on 24/7 is it really
it's the best it's one of the best pizza
places in plumber
I like every time I hang out with John
he only takes me to the places he's paid
to talk about this is sweet I like the
half water half terrarium yeah
is there anything like Indiana Jones is
in there I want to know it lies where is
he
there's a fish it's really good to see
you did pizza really good to see it not
just because I'm hungry like I actually
want oh yeah there's the pizza girl gets
milk and Joe's trying it's Mike see
sauce yes yes you like spicy right yeah
did I'm spicy okay this is peas no
wonder you want to get with this path
it's way bigger than a normal beats it's
a small it's a personal what do you need
town dogs and it's my hot sauce in it
yeah there's hot sauces smokin Joe style
smokin Joe's thank you so let's try it
in so it's so greasy you cannot know if
you'll be able to hold your camera slip
out so bear in his natural environment
getting ready to feast on a human pizza
that's right normal without any sort of
fixes oh just that looks so hot ha ha ha
I want a door like this oh yeah did you
get me trying to push it was that was
that on that I don't know if I got that
but you just push it see she come here
all the time actually
you're gonna go go look
okay so John I told him that we have a
special guest coming in tonight and I
thought I was the special guest I guess
I'm not you're always the special oh but
you're not spending the night when you
spend the night I will get one for you
too oh so we always try to add something
to our room you guys then we have a
guest bedroom there's barely anything in
it we only put something in there when a
guest comes so John said there's a place
that sells a bunch of wall are tons tons
like mineral turn 2,000 pounds of all
our minimum aisles and aisles of wall
art wort wort wall art work where do we
start
what's your night Oh inspire I like that
only 25 bucks inspire this will keep
we'll keep looking keep looking John's
you just threw up on my own
you think Brittany would like this guys
should I get this from ready put up put
a like a sucker ring on the back yeah
yeah yeah and then I'll blow up the air
mattress oh you can come over tonight
we need like worldly art here I like a
world map know what sucks about this
idea I gotta hang something up
you know that's not my expertise hey to
call my brother to put a nail on the
wall before British it is a bra yeah
Rina they got zoos we good how did you
just walk by this and not even notice
what this says oh wow it's crap that's
great that's perfect they're actually
okay we found our first piece of
potential art maybe he wants this and
maybe he wants this and if he doesn't
want to I'll take it saw me like it'd be
cool I got me that you know ice it's
cold in London you know if you want the
painting John just let it go Oh kind of
an ax and a pickle here guys we can't
find much that has to do with Europe we
find a couple things from London except
for pears a man loves pears Paris stuff
everywhere so I don't know what to get
this is kind of his style he puts like
hearts and smiley faces okay and flowers
and we have found this one too it's kind
of just a big road map city map I like
this one
because it's the name of a clash sauce
you know whatever one we pick all of
yours like you should have got the other
one well the viewers then just have
hound dogs pizza and are going through a
food coma right now I'm about to pass
out I'm not gonna find a bathroom dude
I'm about to cry right now you know why
it was an accident we didn't even mean
to go down this I don't you know what
I'm freaking out look how awesome this
is ah it's not gonna fit in my car all
right no I'm put three kit seats down
look at this thing how awesome would
this be in the bedroom all the telephone
booth all right dude look look look how
far collapses let's get it down oh I bet
my back seat goes down right yeah it's
stuck so you have to prior to get
somewhere I almost ripped it out so what
look it's one of these dude this is it
this is it I'm so excited right now
I have stood exactly in that spot at
that phone booth I'm not even kidding
that's awesome we did the UM what prank
were we doing right there at that free
on would it be beyond it wasn't the on I
always do the the camera squirt now yeah
yeah this little camera that squirted
people let's find this mother oh I'm so
excited about this know if we have it
yet Roman I'll take the floor model okay
so here's the main issue you guys now
Big John is a sucker levels off man and
we got what's your name Anne again Oh
Jerome he guaranteed me and it would fit
my car extra eyewitness that we got this
little friggin car so uh let me see if
these back seats come down I don't know
man for me check out you serious Clark
oh we're so close yeah oh oh
Jerome baby sure oh my gosh out a store
out now baby yeah you nailed it man
thank you so much thanks for stopping
with this man yeah yeah I wish I would
actually film the struggle of getting
this in here
it made it look so easy a little bit but
not a lot better not hurt the pizza
Roman heard you get your pizza all right
going we're parting ways John had a flat
tire today
yeah his car's in the shop so I'm
dropping him off at the shop I don't see
your car did
there was no flat tire way to have a
good time dude where's your car
oh we're not doing this where's your car
dude come on you want to do it dude
where's my car where's your car dude
have you guys this is all different
generation probably yeah you guys know
all right man at fun mmm love yep in
real check out my beard November did
your kill him yeah a nerd vote look at
what man the I did there's a nice shot
of the city well for a second Eddie back
home get back to the families great
hanging out with my buddy John and so
hard in life to find genuine friendship
like genuine real friendship and John
and I have that we have a we have a
friendship
and you know with any success I'm not
saying I'm just successful or famous or
anything like that
but I will say with any success we find
out who your real friends are
you find out that some of your friends
just end up using you you find out that
jealousy just separates you you find out
that I don't want to get into this right
now but you do learn very quickly who
your real friends are and it's hard to
have that so it was nice hanging out
with my buddy ed it all gonna meet up
with Brandon Cain and continue this vlog
I hate it getting dark so early it's
messing with my head up so I'm like and
it's so late but it's early so we're
still rockin baby I love this thing
somehow somehow I beat Britney and Cain
home they're there at dinner with
Grandma and duck so call a duty time get
some call of duty and maybe I don't know
what they're gonna come in as soon as I
get a hooked up have you guys ever just
really wanted to do something but
there's resistance look at this my TV's
just flashing static what is going on
it's because I really want to play right
now huh I don't know what's going on man
Nemo you know why it's doing this
because I'm not supposed to be playing
video games right now that's exactly
what is this I never seen it do this
before it's a sign guys it's a friggin
sign don't play video games right now oh
maybe this one's no that one's not
hooked up I'm gonna take it as a sign
I'm not gonna play video games right now
because I bet that is so weird what is
that you see that I think my house is
haunted
hey what's up girlie girl I came what
you're doing
where's your shoes nice sauce bro hmm oh
you look sleepy come on you like that
yeah it was so cool let's open it up
will you help me I need some muscle
power there what is it all the heavy
crap that only real moons lift
I better call somebody so I couldn't
find much of Europe but I mean the Big
Ben is super famous in London so this
should be awesome and when technically
you could have it just like that that's
kind of cool
no but when you open it's really I don't
know what's that hand up cane you want
to help me buddy
no you help me open this man I
definitely need your help oh yeah I knew
I could use your muscles look at them
muscles boy got it
look at these two it's decoration we can
put it where the mirror is and move the
mirror over well you know these mirrors
yeah I know check out what it does Keane
honey oh cool oh oh whoa
isn't that cool what's on both sides rad
hey go stand by the phone booth Kane
it's actually your size Kane you're in
London y'all I wanted to do was come
along with like all duty get this oh
yeah what what tell me where to you
don't work out hello look if you don't
work I cut in place so I used it as a
sign that I wasn't supposed to be
playing video games
and you guys showed up so I wasn't gonna
play anyway he flies in at midnight so
technically I have time to play little
video games after I'm done let's take
this upstairs I'll grab this man okay so
I like it it looks great adds a lot to
the room it's not um I don't put itching
powder is that oh my god
I cannot express to you guys how scared
he is
we had a Skype call the other day trying
to plan this trip and he was just set it
over and over that he's so afraid we're
gonna prank him and I told him over and
over that we weren't gonna prank him but
now I guarantee the first thing he
thinks is there's gonna be something
behind this maybe we should all just
allocate all behind it
Oh that'd be creepy paint canes set up
the pranks now this is probably the
least shown room in the house and the
vlogs we never ever shortest ugly
perfect time to fly into Ohio for our
special guest it's been pouring I've
switched over to the truck guys um I
actually got call of duty work and I
just played for like three hours
straight I didn't want to show you I'm
headed up to get our special guest right
now at the airport go on out how much
goes like that
it feels so good to be pulling up to
this airport and not leaving like I'm
home and I'm bringing a guest that's a
great feeling right now because we have
been traveling a lot or Izzi areas
yo what's up baby how was your terrible
flight this car is bigger than the plane
I just forgot haha oh man I saw your
messages I felt bad well you made it
welcome to the rain it's probably like
your area right exactly the same okay so
for all my viewers that don't know y'all
though they should who are you and what
is your channel our fate which book and
basically just British mocha this is a
kind of a collab that is well overdue I
can't wait to see the difference I
thought so we're in Clifford the Big Red
truck and he's just like say everything
is so different man he's like up and I'm
just like climbing into your heart I
don't have stuff like this in the UK
this is ridiculous this is real it's
it's for survival use yeah we are doing
laughing in this yeah well it's gonna be
a fun like I'm I'm most excited to see
our difference in culture like the
things that you have versus what we have
and then let you experience them and
then when I come to you refusing this
always calm no do you know how many is
like a Mini Cooper yeah she's got like
the tiny like one of the original one
not open-toe now I can benefit from
Sochi
we're just walking in she's cane asleep
oh it's probably a good thing it's 1:00
in the morning
Alfie brittany.brittany Alfie he did
wait Oliver I really just yes as the
best thing is always oh thank you so
much told you actually are and actually
when I meet people they would say I'm
shorter really yeah you're not cool
I'm sure nah I am dude look at this he's
five 100 the British people start
although really yeah it's a real thing
yeah they're all like me or taller
mmm not normally in America ah is this
normal
a Red Solo Cup we have we have songs
about these Khedira is is enormous for
outdoors in water
look at me you filming God by your hole
so he said you can't even get these in
the UK no you don't even get them we
have like 12 glasses it's Network
religion is so annoyed because then you
have people over and I'm like oh we've
got no clean ones you can have to wash
it up you should take stacks home with
you and then it's not really this is
gonna be the greatest week of just shot
because I cannot believe he said in
that's right this is I thought you see
your plan B is placed like this of
course not really no they're like kids
birthday parties even even our viewers
make fun of see this is like an actual
fake did you say you wanted what you you
said you wanted some more yesterday you
said you didn't have enough my these
guys know that we don't need any more
swedish fish we have infinite of it so
it's a win yeah I love it
so you close the hole dude you can wake
up if you cannot come just yeah you can
lay here and look so it is basically the
next day for you man sex vlog I know
you're exhausted so he's gonna get some
sleep
we're gonna call it a night home sweet
home baby
this is having sugar I gave him a fan
just in case I love H of space the gas
I have issue s brakes dude I'm I've
always have fans in my house hate
traveling down because I have to find
fans it's such a bad habit such a bad
habit so cool man
get some sleep we'll see in the morning
in the morning man okay so before we can
go any further we have promised you guys
to announce the winners of the giveaway
for the Apple watches on Facebook's
we're gonna do that right now I have my
winner I picked earlier today you have
your winner yeah okay guy or girl okay I
picked a girl I it's always backwards I
can't remember sorry guys no winners
last time we did a contest
I didn't announce the names because I
didn't want them to catch flag because
in the past people that win catch flex
so I want to just throw out a special
reminder to not hate on the winners you
guys can win next time and nobody wins
twice so once you've won you can never
win again maybe I don't know but for now
let's show up to our fellow soldiers
let's announce your winner right now Zoe
how about just the name okay just the
name I'm not gonna show their page you
know how to say it Cody
hoops Cody hoops and our next winner
tenten tenten tenten our next winner is
Gabby there's probably a lot of Gabby's
watching which one is it which one is it
Gabby Gabby Soares SOA are e.s Gabby
Soares a message you right now that's it
yeah that's the vlog announced our
winners our guest has arrived I got my
hair cut yeah yeah I'll be you guys so
much we will see you tomorrow also just
in case the weather is really bad this
week just in case it's nasty cuz right
now it really is
nasty just in case tell us some things
that you would like to see us do with
Alfie here at the house or or somewhere
indoors what can we do indoors just in
case our plans get a little shifted we
can take into that trouble in place this
is why Madison knows we love you guys so
much hit us in the comments we love you
keep a big old smile on your face you're
beautiful smart speaker I get a dummy of
game like a dummy like as soon as people
walk up it's screaming even better why
am I so demented a rope tied to like his
tree back here and a rope tied like the
tree way over there and have some fake
wingsuit guy just fly straight down in
the gas pumps and they explode
everything has to have an explosion
