what's up guys welcome to the vlog I can
get a new intro what's up guys welcome
to the flowers it's like to fifteen
hundred and two vlogs now welcome to our
day welcome to the show come to this
banana I'm gonna stick with what I've
done for three and a half four years
welcome I hope you're feeling good is
absolutely gorgeous Columbus Ohio
beautiful I'm your meteorologist for the
day very cold very cold and you know I
woke up this morning know what I really
dropped the ball a couple days ago I
didn't take her so today I just said
let's get in the car and go and you
drive she was she was literally like you
know if you're not gonna go and in all
fairness she was gonna go by herself but
I don't think you actually yeah but
still I think you'd have been like
you're not going on anyway before this
turns into WWE welcome I hope you're
feeling great
I am literally doing the vlog from
yesterday right now and here's the worst
part about blogging it's sad to say this
the thumb now the thumbnail is YouTube
has become nothing more that you're only
as good as your last thumb now honestly
God's truth like some of my best videos
I've ever personally thought I've made
have had the least amount of views
because of the thumbnail right and some
of my worst log have a great thumbnail
and that's all the matters now this
the thumbnail like odds are that if you
watch the video you might like but with
if you don't watch the video how will
you ever like it in a thumbnail is why
you watch tomorrow this video is going
to be our car she's not even joking so
doing yesterday's vlog right now and
we're headed up to the Arnold the back
end um but I certainly didn't dress for
this occasion it's pretty cold outside
who designs who designs these parking
garages like was there a lot of trial
and error when they were building these
like alright that didn't work we've got
a HAMP up the concrete a little bit like
how did this come about slap it on there
girl we just entered you know these are
my people
you should've bought up a little before
I got in here yeah why is this so tight
my hands and fingers are gonna go no no
you know I don't want to win their last
t-shirt you know saying like what 100
percent I can do one to be honest I'm
cold I just came in from outside a
little rusty from my food yeah you want
to feel really bad about yourself you
come to a place like this cuz everyone's
like bit and like take they're trying so
hard to be good on their bodies and
we're like literally almost at
McDonald's for okay
this chick almost in her underwears
crushing watermelons away all right it's
getting quieter they're tearing down
boots it's like me and Brittany box off
you could oh mylanta give us socks you
came hearing us socks everything here
okay doing a bit of a jumping around the
place is pretty chaotic they said if you
went yesterday you wouldn't even got to
walk through the aisles like shoulders
or how many pictures did I take you
don't say sorry it's not a bad I mean
it's great thing but I'm gonna set the
camera down for now on because I'm
getting vlogger tunnel that's gonna be a
new thing for kids ten years from now oh
you have vlog vlog tunnel and your
wrists and holding the camera okay so we
are about to go have dinner with one of
my favorite people on this planet love
him to death and his fiancee
let's pry her right there furious Pete
and then we are going to my house
they're staying with us for a couple
days and we're going to hopefully just
have some fun make some cool videos and
just hang out the last time I was here
he made you try that like sours oh my
god why maybe letting him come over you
should get in line good stuff huh sauce
number one I got Yuka with and he sucked
it to the strong almost how heart attack
and kill nobody
it is now 7:00 till 5:00 p.m. and I have
not eaten anything nothing no well I
skimmed off that piece of bacon that I'm
fat on it so much bacon us yeah but the
kids are like vultures they fly around
the table and when you move they're like
canvas and see me eating all that bacon
I'm ready
we just got a clip me just scarf and
bacon B oh gosh it's all dark there we
go yeah we were talking about there we
go actually I was saying how excited I
was that you're here and then she was
like well last time I was here we did
the Malick challenge and then I said why
is he here why would you really take a
teaspoon of this and I'm gonna take the
spoon of this that's like a cinema check
man I became really really good 3 2 1
why what iswhat let me see yo I still to
this date my stomach churns when I think
ya know ruin me I don't remember making
you but yeah pretty much even it wasn't
even yeah we kind of great well I got a
lot of cold water for you oh yeah that's
right I'm actually wants to get in I'm
really excited about you know I've seen
the videos and that seemed like all the
fun that you've been having wanna see
was all about
there you go hey you two you got a do
have to blur it but yeah I have to do
you and creative oh so it's gonna be
it's gonna be a difficult edit I mean
it's it's yeah this is only the start
the snowy appetizer you can always
guarantee there's gonna be food when
there's people okay so two things one
I'm gonna give a shout-out to the
manager BJ's because Pete and I were
like no I'm paying no I'm payin no long
pan and then the waitress comes over
she's like what's not necessary because
the manager is comping your guys's
dinner because her daughter's a big fan
so a huge shout out to the manager here
that was kind of loud thinking about
like we should order more food we're
walking out with all this food and
second thing while because we just ate
what is the best advice for somebody not
necessarily me but like somebody that
has like a double chin and they want to
get rid of it isn't just diet is it
overall weight or is there like chewing
gum
kind of like exercise and I feel like
that goes 100% are gonna be all mints
and stuff it's diet bad it's overall
weight right yeah its overall weight
cardio will get rid of it for sure for
sure dial up really cold right now buddy
diet let's go home let's go home okay
I'll see it the house where's my fam
where's my little family what was that
Cora flash cane no tucks nitro Nana
everybody's so excited for me to get
home guitar
oh did I kill you well if I don't get a
hug you're gonna kill me oh that's it
Wow
plus he's like nobody gets him loving me
are you looking at little girl who are
you looking at I love you you know
so welcome back what dude you're never
getting up you just laid it yeah be
quiet one anyways these guys have been
doing the oh yeah so do you come up and
then you jump down
well you don't jump from the top no you
have to come back down then something's
breaking for sure at that height I've
been up here I don't look like much but
when you're up there you look down
you're like some will break if I fall
sure the kids only go to like they're a
little higher yeah you'd be a good make
sure Brian built this right you test it
out well we go barefoot yeah cuz the
wall would be like so uh he must have
been at Convention all weekend so you
guys got to be exhausted straight up
like I'll be pretty tired like home to
make ready to climb a wall maybe maybe
test it cuz some of these twists they
got they got we put we put surprise oh
yeah doing a little bit of jumping
around today it is almost that bedtime
for the boys so we're you know it's been
you know the routine
get to bed do do kids even sleep anymore
with all this technology do that Davis
it's hard to sleep I'll be honest
there's so much there's so much you want
to do in so little time to do it I'm
just keep sticking finger-lickin chicken
chicken dinner
battle bangs oh my god no but for real I
love you like our gaming yesterday yes
watch yesterday's low put a little
little gaming snippet in there and funny
because we recorded like it was like a
ton of footage really put like one
little snip in but we could have had a
probably an hour-long video if we just
put it all in yeah easily so long so
yeah hanging out no it'd been I'm gonna
go down came to bed and then this is
gonna sound crazy to a lot of you but I
never I don't watch TV so like all these
popular TV shows that you know of I've
never seen ever
so I finally started episode 1 season 1
of The Walking Dead I never seen a
single thing about the show it's always
on my social it's like I always hear my
friends talk about Gil is like so he
loves that show and I just never seen it
so I think I'm gonna watch that tonight
instead of playing any video games me
and Britt anybody else wants to join us
- the kids show anyway I should put you
to bed and stop blogging I love you
everybody loves your setup they're like
what computer is that what could be
right Noah built this computer so it
doesn't have a name it's the noah vbe
it's the red edition that's cool yeah
watch too many zombie movies guess what
I'm a zombie and I don't care if it
hurts the night sleep I love you little
mo y'all Shh baby's sleeping every night
same time tucks comes up says goodbye
and leaves he doesn't he doesn't ask for
anything you don't say anything else he
just comes up and leaves that's it every
night huh seriously these cats are like
you know dogs are with certain owners
like they follow you into the bathroom
they followed you anywhere the cat's do
that to Cain I've never seen cats do
that hope you find your dad it's not
even fair you know the last time she
just like chilled right there and swore
it's unreal unbelievable are you going
for it you gone for okay watch the
swivel of ones those are the surprises
hey poor feet yo right now you guys are
some movie where King Kong is on top of
the Empire State Building here it all
illicit Lee's put this down here
my feet you gotta just grab on like
Brett you haven't even tried this that
thing does bottom out low you can do it
from there just got it back you got my
back back up I don't know well that's
that's the challenge though no shoes
this isn't your typical rock wall pom is
your toes bigger than the hole there you
go
pete is such a big dude man you're going
up well old boy I think yes now look
down it's a lot higher than it looked I
said there surprises
all right guys um I'm gonna blame it on
you guys being tired just because just
because it's Pete's problem it's Pete
it's his problem no we're gonna we're
gonna we're gonna call it a night we're
gonna watch some of you guys now for
some more he did okay cool
core is about I can't believe she's
still asleep she's like she's gotta go
to sleep before she sees that Gore we
love you guys so much thanks for
everything we will see you tomorrow also
if there's anything you'd like to see us
do together when we were in Toronto we
did the CN Tower walk we like to do fun
things together when we are together no
melech challenge that one's out so we
actually don't have any real plans this
kind of all just came about they're
staying with us for a couple days so if
there is something you want to see us do
whatever it is hit us in the comment
section we'll try to knock some of them
out for you we love you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind
you
