what's up guys welcome to the blog
before we get started I want to show you
a very personal piece that I captured
last night of Keane and I going to bed
it's get very loose tooth and I don't
know what it was I just grabbed my
camera and I started filming it so I
want to show you that right now
just me and Kane working on his loose
tooth and then we'll bounce back try it
okay you gonna do it you want daddy to
are you sure
all right barely all right I'm gonna set
this down here we're gonna try to see if
Kane's tooth is super oh he's got a
super super loose tooth right now let me
see see show them hang on you're
blocking it with your finger you see I'm
not gonna pull it I'm just gonna feel it
all that baby's just dangling see if his
is lit all this feels loose too thick is
see if it'll come up Oh didn't come out
do you want to try before daddy tries
just way too slippery let me get a paper
towel okay this is why people put
strains around them and pull them
because your tooth slippery so you can
take this paper towel and just grab it
with your fingers like that and then put
it around the tooth and then try to just
give a little pull you pull your own
tooth out that's pretty awesome just try
to grab around it and then just pull
fast you think no tooth yeah you got shy
again let's see and uh pull hard harder
faster
you think you got this no it won't hurt
I promise it won't hurt the best you do
it unless it's it's just hanging in
there there's nothing nothing that can
hurt it's look as floating in there the
skin is the only thing holding it daddy
wouldn't steer you wrong you want me to
do it dude it takes a lot to pull your
own tooth it's easier if somebody else
that's why all them videos you see
people like kids put them on strings and
their brothers or sisters just pulling
them out for nobody wants to pull their
own teeth I don't think I ever did oh I
don't know it's weird the same reason
that you can't pull it right now cuz
it's super weird
I'm proud of you for even trying you
won't give it one more shot give it one
more the Tooth Fairy will come tonight
and get more more more more cash
Kane has his second tooth that is loose
that's coming out naturally nice wiggle
it see if you can you go I'll just try
to pull up a little just try to pull up
a little
is it close you got this the other two
obviously the front two he's lost years
ago knocking him into a trampoline bar
he fell face-first I'm not both his
teeth out as one way you want to just
run into the trampoline to the
trampoline I know it's that thing I'll
never forget that phone call Britney and
I were in New York I just
oddly enough won an award and we went to
a restaurant and then got a FaceTime
call if Kane's bloody face really three
or four I lose teeth out it was like ah
bigger paper towel okay you rip off
whatever you want I brought you a bunch
got see you know when he actually loses
a tooth naturally it's exciting because
he didn't just bust it out of his face
I'm so proud of you right now for trying
this you want to go surprise mommy if
you pull it out you got this nothing are
you Pauly are you just wiggling okay did
you have to the fastball did just grab
it more grip and just go and just see
what happens one time all right
it's your pace is your tooth you go at
your pace but I'm gonna hang out with
you until you you got this all right we
sit here all night so you want me to
feel it
you sure I'm daddy - get in there
let me feel the same oh it's so slippery
wow that thing is barely in there oh
you're like a shark right now your teeth
just falling out we'll find it in the
sand
what's it slowly I don't think that's
all right I'll try let me just bring you
a grip on it okay I have to go get some
pliers open your mouth yeah hon you got
to tell yourself I want this out of my
mouth yank it yank it you just like me
with paper towels like I can't put it in
my mouth
I'll get that thing out there come on
you got this
all right when I was um when I was a kid
I remember what age but I actually
started I went to bed with a loose tooth
and I swallowed it that was a bomb maybe
I didn't maybe it fell into my bed and I
never found it but I swallowed up here
I'm pretty sure I think it happens I
don't want you to swallow
Bailey you gotta get a really good grip
once you got it squeeze it and pull it
I'm serious
you got this rabbit rabbit polar what
yeah Juwan I'm gonna find all these
paper towel open up for me big as you
can it might not be ready
honestly you see you give a little time
not then we'll just sleep on it all
right
you see let's try one Kyle yeah
I'll tell you if it's ready ready you've
already done it five time here yeah go
ahead
I want you to try your hardest this time
okay the hardest that you've tried and
if it doesn't come out and we'll go to
bed and we'll try tomorrow okay what cuz
that's the only way to come out you
swallow it
okay you go open up big I got it I need
my doctor's tools is it ready how's it
feel weird like it came out more it's
coming okay all right we'll wait
tomorrow okay
me and you only five get some sleep
sleeping boy so it is currently the next
morning guys and is it still in there
let me see Lucy still in it you want to
try to get it out
no dude as tooth has to come out you
want me to go get the RC truck mission
string no Jody's still got this - did
you see it
let mommy have a look you know mommy
used to work at in dental office so
maybe she can help
he's so close to this tooth is like
ready to come out and he still hadn't
fought it out he tried so hard last
night you really live with the drum
I've always wanted to do that drone
drone tooth Bowl no interest alright
buddy listen when you're ready I'm ready
okay
don't you worry you do it your your pace
at your time oh my god it's falling out
dude it's gonna be today's your day all
right
but you go at your pace okay no rush so
here's what we're doing right now I hate
Korra I see little Korra
Carver huh hey baby how baby she just
wake up okay so here's what's going on
right now we are about something what do
you do is taking like oh I think cookies
for the party oh is that what it's
cookie time cookie look even Oh butter
cream and cinnamon that's me no no no
now she's like maybe just one yeah okay
Sears what's going on right now guys it
is it is current-day we're about to load
up the truck get dressed up and we're
about to do our local smile more
deliveries me country chase pizza John
and Brian we're gonna head out Brit are
you going you're not delivering no more
deliveries for you so we are we are
saying hello right now very quickly on
this video so that we can get to load up
and and go deliver a fleshie hi baby
come here come on say hi to ever what up
dude he's been sticking his tongue out
like this if I get it yeah what's with
the tongue sticking is that like is that
like are you sticking it out at me is
this just your new thing why do donkeys
do this oh you think you're a dog cuz
flash has its tongue you think you're he
doesn't know he's a donkey I think he
thinks he's a puppy you see
you see how stone sticks out donkeys
doing that
okay did you know donkey sticking his
tongue out yes oh you think he's hot
what's he got what's he got Cara what is
that oh boy hoorah
don't you do it we got it we just got to
get it out yeah we gotta get it out you
were so tough last night now you're like
I'm just gonna wait I'll just keep
eating things maybe it'll pop out just
pull out it's not gonna hurt so I know I
know guys today's super super weird
won't study this out I actually to be
honest I didn't have a vlog for you
today at all and even this one's gone up
late but back when we were on our trip
the big family trip Noah challenged me
he said you can't miss a day until
Christmas and today I text them and I
said I failed I I didn't I'm not
uploading and he sent me back that you
did you had such a good run good try you
know basically I lost but he was proud
of me for uploading every day that I
have spent like 40 some days so I
literally was coming home today and I
was like I have some footage of Kane
last night let's just let's just upload
for you guys something and surprise Noah
because he doesn't know actually I told
him I'm not uploading so when he sees
this he's gonna go wait what he's doing
it so I'm excited about that
I'm going to go check on the girls
because they're pulling the info we need
to do our local deliveries and that's
where I'm at right now so you know you
know how did some days or just it is
what it is it is an upload its hello its
how are you it's its current day so you
see what we're doing right now my check
on the girls real quick that's important
everything going good is it good was it
was everybody off today we're caught up
so you got that's amazing it's like a
few days before Christmas but that's
amazing that's awesome I know well great
whoo that's awesome best girls in the
world right here
where are the best girls these are the
second best girls oh right right you
know that's really one of the musicians
where you just got it just not taught so
we're looking good are you finding good
ones good okay
we're hunting for this those right
families to go through the liver gifts
too and then even once we find the
families how do you know like they get
the RC truck do they get the dirt bike
do they get ones with big yards could do
a dirt bike right they'd be good
we're just gonna play it by ear I have
no idea what I'm doing what's that boys
crib sheets I got the crib yeah you're
gonna get in your big-girl bed look
sorry didn't get you any sheet and just
sit here and chat with you guys for a
second I got to give some love a special
partnership that I've been in for a
while our last sign off Brandi oh and
that is with SeatGeek
they actually had this whole hockey game
set up for us last night and we just
couldn't make it we just couldn't go and
no I wasn't playing video games because
the servers for battlegrounds was down
all night so I did not play video games
last night I promise this that being
said this right here is your last chance
to use promo code Roman for SeatGeek
SeatGeek
totally free app it's to get tickets go
to concerts go to events like a hockey
game baseball for any where you buy
tickets save twenty bucks
use promo code roaming off your order
and it's our last one it's so it is your
last chance if you if you want to use it
use it now get the app it's free see
geek put it on top of my description
that's it I want to thank them very much
for being a part of our journey this
year they have given us some of the
coolest seats for everything from twenty
one pilots to the Tim McGraw concert to
hockey games they have really not just
hooked us up but our friends and family
too so thank you see geek we loved
having you this year and for you guys
get that code it's the last chance that
all being said guys it's an upload it's
late we love you we're going to do a
sweet giveaway today this is gonna be
awesome like this is what it's all about
or making a stay tuned bro tomorrow
we'll be back on track with them good
good good
I see tomorrow good love you you're
beautiful you're one of a kind
small
you
