what's up guys hope your day is amazing
I got my boy with me he didn't have
school today
so more hangout time for us him and I
are dropping off a bunch of small orders
for you guys how many things in there
huh how many orders do you think's in
there this all of this I have no idea
let's see if Ethel's home Ethel
she's the one that does all our mail for
us hey hey what's up we got some mail
let's load it up so I have not been that
good at balancing out between the smile
more store in my business and YouTube
it's like a teeter-totter that I haven't
figured out how to balance properly the
more I put into the smile more store the
vlogs go down the more I putting the
vlogs and store goes down so I'm trying
to find that balance I got my help you
help Orton right here knowing I just
filled two containers full and Mike
brings me this a whole container fan
mail I don't think I've ever picked up a
container beat the pizza
letters oh my god what are you doing to
us guys we can't even get caught up with
our mail oh it's my wall looks like we
know what we're doing soon so we got
tons and tons of new mail guys I I don't
know what to do you got it oh we may
have to like I don't know what to do I
don't know how to open all this in time
walk back home Owens here King we got
something really fun okay so no one I
were bringing in one of the boxes that
somebody just sent normally we wouldn't
just open them without being on camera
but this one was broke open from the
post office I'm so excited about this
we're gonna see you it's wrong yeah
let's let's do the whole thing do you
guys watch your mail vlog I said
somebody sent us a bunch of golf clubs
and I was like now we need balls look at
this that is so awesome bags of golf
balls Kane needs this mini coke
we need this mini golf balls you know
why we're all me him can't all gonna hit
him straight into the forest because
someone sent us a hole golfing cake a
bunch of golfing six do you wanted some
yeah good call golf clubs not golf
sticks okay while they took off there is
no name this stinks man so many people
send us awesome stuff from Amazon no
names ever you guys have to put your
name under gift I think you can sign as
a gifting you can put your name cuz I
feel really bad about this I'll never
know who sent this anyways thank you um
seriously thank you we're gonna have a
blast with this I might we are you know
what we don't have it off tees we don't
have tees for the balls that's where the
ball sit let me see a ball I want to see
if I can we can just have fun in the
grass so we carried in all the mail this
is just from today and then we have all
the pile in there so we are so far
behind again let me ask you guys
something be honest would you watch
another male vlog like it could be I you
know I'm gonna try to beat my record of
our and nine minutes I have to be so if
you guys will watch it we're gonna make
it otherwise we're gonna try to do like
three four boxes a day and try to get
caught up wow this is gonna be so fun
you know like putt-putt safety get the
ball on the hole we could dig our own
hole and then we have a starting point
you have to get it in there put it in a
spot okay now we want to get under the
ball okay so here hold it like this does
that feel good
we're gonna hit the kids no we won't go
that far
you ready yeah so swing it back
clothes make you're playing hockey there
you go never just in the most ridiculous
slow motion video ever
oh yeah do you want me to I'm gonna play
right now here you go that's big
so we got these big mushrooms growing in
the yard Noah wants to hit one all right
hey you doing the next one okay you
wanna do it in slow motion let's try it
hey no way nice it's just a silly cow
anyway Brittany just got back she has
been out grossly we have no groceries in
this house plus okay Kane really wants
to show you this come here he wants to
show you guys no I know you just did it
ready see we can do it with pressure
that's always harder go for it
look at you dude rock and roll kin yeah
so anyway Britt just got back grocery
shopping my mom my dad my brother his
wife kids are all coming over we have a
ridiculous game to play tonight I can't
wait to do this I'm pumped I'm excited
and we just blew up some pumpkins look
at this guys I want you to pay very
close attention so wild animal at work
what is going on I feel like it's our
water softener cycles at the same time
every week don't we have this problem
like once a week okay my mom and dad I
think we're just getting here who is
that it is my mom howdy-do how are you
it has been forever hey pops
nice t-shirt I Pam ten bucks every time
I wear is it all have you guys ever done
this you rub a balloon on your hair and
then stick it to a wall look at that
that is cool
friction 90 thrived our town yeah hey we
did is your wall comes around mom my man
Dale were kids we had these Chinese
stars and while my mom and dad were at
work no we were out on a date was it a
date yeah we were out on a date date
night turn into Dale and I covering the
wall I mean babysitter says okay baby he
is dead your parents said it was fine
good sitter yeah it was great when we
had nine drywall it was new drywall
normally I knew it was a brand new
target that's what it was yeah dude we
we put we cover the hole whoa
uh-uh no mom thought but I found out I
was gonna be so mad did she put the
posters over I can't
perfect timing we ordered this just for
tonight okay so what Brittany and I were
in New York we came across this game and
I wanted to get it just for the family
but seems like I think that most people
would play this with little kids I want
to play it with my phone family the kids
will like it too yeah
I see that a screenshot you look like a
little elf okay so we got to build it
Dale we got to build something I need
your building skills well let's get
ready to party pumpkin pie the kids
heads are the ones that fit through it
get your chin on there pile it on mama
I knows it's too big pilot no vase it
doesn't whichever number it lands on you
have to turn this that many times it has
to click that many times we go - no -
that's the best number you can get put
your face in it you know they should
write down a skip yeah yeah absolutely
tiny one to discover one yeah my hands
moving that was too right I was one oh
yeah yeah yeah Conrad all right I'll go
I'm gonna go
spin spin for me Cain are you filming a
- two figures with your no heaven there
oh we got a little boy Wow
oh yeah let's go back and forth little
flag 300
I love the moon yes yeah he's such an
artist we're really digging into the fan
mail tonight guys the fan snags it
somebody sent us Japanese candy so we're
kind of digging in and just trying
everything yeah it's a space like sweet
corn that's what it is oh my gosh butter
and sweet corn yeah oh that one's weird
by my ear I don't mind it's not that bad
if you keep eating a bit red that's good
look at this stuff man we're gonna try
and goldfish what does that sighs an
energy that's your fans what that says
you know you actually put water in it
and then you drink the water green water
from your ball is the toilet candy let's
do it let's do you can reuse the toilet
to plan a castle okay we're trying the
energy drinker way it's actually melon
now little bits soda drinking there's no
caffeine oh it's awesome
it's really good it's actually
refreshing
sorry don't get your hopes up yeah why
come too much let's just move on dude
those are gonna be awesome when you're
helping Santa deliver all those presents
ah I am you to dress up as your own yes
melon juice right oh my ELF
but came in over my house okay who sells
candy out of the toilet that's a genius
idea
what I think that you pour water through
the back to fill the bowl and then you
stop suck it up with the chute it green
or pink pick it blue
let's do blue okay so you put in the
front of the back you put in the back
and then you pour water down it I
totally get it you flush that you flush
the candy down and drink it out set it
no it's gonna turn into some real mud
all right now put a little water and
open your toilet seat up so you can see
it oh my god please well I mean it's
toilet water it's not supposed to be
good I like it insight foam gummy like
this turned into phony mud let's check
on the destruction up here oh my gosh
you guys want to see the aftermath of
the Atwood kids oh my gosh this place
was spotless look at the Legos do you
have anything to do with it the Legos
Hodel he's oh now you're gonna clean him
before he leaves what happens he was
wrong no passion ending needs to come in
and hug you kiss you and tell you good
night every single day on the floor done
that for so long so that's good right
meow
yeah with you hmm
that slow motion cracked me I hope it's
funny I don't know maybe like just funny
to us haha maybe we are we got the new
call duty tonight it was awesome so you
guys got to play with us I think we want
to play tomorrow Saturday night so if
you're on tweet me or something we want
to play with you guys
well view more than anything have you
tea yeah I didn't know there's a creeper
in my bed guys thanks so much for
hanging out with my family and I tonight
it's so late like midnight already holy
and uh that's some hope you got Kane did
you have a good night mommy
yes okay guys we gotta go thanks so much
for hanging out with uh my family and uh
and us I don't even know what I'm saying
Kings and shadow you make the biggest
 oh I don't even know what I'm
filming it's blurry it's really blurry
we'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for the love and support and
that's all we got we love you thanks for
watching
smile more you're beautiful so as you
guys know she was in a car accident last
week and has to go to court in hell so
hopefully they don't take her to jail
show me though should I bail you out if
