oh this thing so dirty hey guys we are
on our way to court for aunt doc hold
this so I can talk yes to Ganda okay I
don't want you guys to see me chomping
on my gum um so as you guys know she was
in a car accident last week and has to
go to court now so hopefully they don't
take her to jail
so tell me though should I bail you out
if they take it or better should I bail
her out Roman said you would
now let's go this place looks fancy
don't take her to jail just like pay the
rent
okay you ready hi Joe I'm guessing I'm
not gonna be allowed to film in there
but I'll try and for violation a record
of your conviction will be sent to the
Bureau of Motor Vehicles and become part
of your driving record okay that's not
goin to jail
walk it out the gamecaster method okay
so I didn't want to film in there I
swear out it was good we had to wait on
everyone else that was in there first
and I think Rhonda's definitely the
easiest people are like driving without
license and someone had never had their
license ever in their life and drive and
drive and got in an accident so we were
we out of pretty easy and so we're gonna
go look at your new car right yeah
so they totaled her car that she wrecked
and she just picked out a new car so
we're gonna go look at that and then go
pick up Clifford okay so we're here to
see aunt ducks new car
it's blue there yes
that's nice
nice shiny wheels
open it
that's nice you love it
are you excited yeah as you guys know
Clifford went in for some maintenance he
had to have an oil change and all that
good stuff so we're going to pick him up
now for those of you don't know who
Clifford is it's our truck so we're
going to pick that up
grandma's getting an oil change on her
car it's just all about the cars lately
I feel like uh yeah hi guys so now we're
doing today
cork Terence and we're having dinner
with some friends two things about to be
fun
hey guy Clifford cleaned up nice look
how clean he is look at those nice flat
tires
hmm I don't even know - okay come on
over keep going
I guess guys I saw mom easel they came
out of my mouth ah hey we were just
trying to do our hair but I didn't get
to finish mommy does it best
are you loving her my boy we're both
vlogging Doh bagus hey did you miss me
yeah yeah how was the Britney had to go
to Walt she went out walking or did you
I don't know what she filmed but she had
better stores
Shh she had to go to court for Rhonda
duck she for her accident she got last
week was in last week holy cow so you
didn't go to jail today man you know
much better this vlog would have been if
you went to chip bought my buddy good
friend of mine his birthday I don't know
if his actual birthdays today
but he's coming over here and we're
gonna have a little birthday dinner for
him are you ready for this yours best go
get more I haven't left the house not
even a second look at mommy's belly cain
look at her
yeah and tell him why you have it in
your shirt so I'll go to the ceiling it
has helium in it I don't want it flight
I go she was that big no but I know
people are thinking I gained 40 pounds
Bernie what got that big okay guys we're
warping into the night do you like your
birthday balloons dude very much though
do you like your birthday card yes I
just got the best we could find just for
you happy 11th guys you see you just
turned 11 today so good for you man I
still can't grow beer and you're you're
wet it's the first time I've been able
to some scene where it takes me just a
little more than me mine's not black
even if I grit out it just be like blond
little golden boy can't you want to show
them hold that up this is a powder that
we're gonna pour into this little
magical jug you gonna pick your colors
fill it with powder put a little more in
there just a little did you do some a
Beatrice yeah that'll work
okay okay we poured the powder into this
little red jug now we're gonna put it in
water that'll work all right there it's
filling out okay it's gonna hold in the
water for 60 seconds timing it out it's
perfect wait
oh it's deepen what happens if you more
for more than 60 seconds it explodes you
gotta be really careful okay 60 seconds
now we let it sit for 90 seconds this is
forever play a 3-minute project 60
seconds so much
he's just blown out he knows we've lost
him we're all like it's hot here okay he
made this ready we're gonna crack it
open we can get it there we go we just
made our very own check it out
bouncy ball magic at its finest what do
you think of that
hope you guys are hungry this is gonna
be amazing
thank you doing in here okay so we're
doing the craniums beauty right yeah
they have to do the star performance so
you guys have to guess what he's making
him do ready yep okay all right okay
ready set go
showers gonna be easy
oh wait it was taking a shower that is
you guys are cheaters okay okay this
time around serie has to make Brittany
do something with just her hands you
have to guess what it is
okay ready sorry the timer hey you got
it boy okay good do it
 yeah
so easy you got it as quick as we did
she got it no talking or gestures but
you can move the clay okay
hey the hint is a thing so he's gonna
make some out of clay I gotta guess what
it is
what what's on earth oh this is not a
good sign no it's not she should do it
cuz he knows what it is do you know what
it is and you both know but what of it
it's one of your favorite things so I
figured you could do it and I got a rap
music alright um I guess I'm ready as
I'll ever be
okay wait the timer's not ready yeah we
don't need that we go we should be done
sculpting you should do like three
minutes or something this thing's bogus
how is that thing this one you're
getting is one minute it's a quick
minute - alright ready good care I
suppose pancakes purple pancakes Barney
over and over by a truck
she's like I don't fit on that it's a
boat or airplane a jet a raft whitewater
rougher um those are people of World War
two bow I'm only storm what the heck is
it there's our people your timers
getting what the heck he's rigged you're
sitting in parens Tripoli
here all right Jeffrey reveal what it is
jacuzzi that is a jacuzzi
yeah yeah look at the people turtle
they've got drinks and swim trunks on
you can clearly get wiping Lila I have
fever unisza seductive she waiting on us
the hedge trimming my beard
um what was it putting on makeup ah ah I
can see that this is let me do it my
fingers really good it's bedtime for the
whole oh okay all right good night good
night hey I'm supposed to go to bed it's
just like you go to sleep hey noe ever
you get this hula hoop in bed all right
he's really going this time
yeah yeah okay good night hula hoop see
he went to bed he's really going to bed
this yeah so you went to bed gone
where's this cherry good night little
buddy
good night good riddance
this is he tricked me your last chance
if you don't go to bed you're sleeping
outside okay let's see if he listens
good night mr. villa whoo hey went to
bed then you need to tell him to go to
bed okay all right my friends thank you
so much for watching this vlog I know
it's a little hectic and weird what am I
looking for in here earlier this week I
told you guys I was really focused on
the smile Moore store in the company and
it kind of took away from the vlogs a
little bit I feel like I'm putting too
much on that side because you notice the
vlogs are kind of iffy the last couple
days so I'm gonna get back on it and try
to figure out how to balance it out just
right because the more I put into the
store kind of takes away from the vlogs
and the more I put in the vlogs
handpicks way from the store and other
business ventures that I do so I'm
trying to find that balance it's all
part of the fun of learning and creating
is is finding that balance and making it
great for you guys for myself my family
for everybody so thank you for watching
today and we will see you tomorrow
I love you don't forget Lawson art your
beautiful smile boy what do I need in
here you are not giving this away um
giving away um giving it away what's the
biggest thing that youtubers ever given
away oh I just thought I just thought of
something maybe I could give away the
biggest thing on YouTube Oh
