oh I forgot a memory card just kidding
hey guys how are you hey I have to be
what's up so we were talking about like
how bad I am it's starting the vlog
bright and early in the morning so we
have come out before the Sun is even out
today it is so early we're starting the
vlog I got tons of energy and that's
because I don't believe in it's actually
a terrible lie it's really late it's
already nighttime it is not early but
really I have been thinking about that
like I'm really bad at waking up picking
up the camera starting the vlog it's
always like well let me get all ready
whatever there no but on a serious note
I think it's time that we your photo God
our tickets are on there I think it's
time that we talk to our viewers about
our first time ever but right now our
very first what right now
today the kids are occupied we were like
what's something that we've never done
before we started looking it up Brittany
was like there's a hockey game there's a
hockey game so we're like alright let's
go see some hockey neither one of us
have ever ever been to a hockey game
some first-timers here okay guys so our
very first hockey game I've no idea what
to expect the only reason I know
anything about hockey I used to play
video games
I thought the players were a lot bigger
you I thought they were like full-size
too
I don't know what's going on
they are so springing good I can't even
keep track of the flock and they're on
like everywhere go there's something
unbelievable and then this cooler right
here is where they keep the pup
there's a guy that keeps open it
throwing new puffs out I'll show you
guys
Columbus's went in three two one
John Cena I'm just trying to catch a
fight on film Oh
dog pizzas around this place
how come unit where your snow shoveling
gear
all right Columbus one when we were
coming here everyone was like it was it
Dallas yeah everyone's room for Dallas
everybody even on Twitter was like
Dallas is gonna destroy Columbus and
we're like okay I don't know if our not
here either way I can well it's cool
that our home t1 but I didn't know that
Dallas was good or you know apparently
they are your fun but five flights of
stairs tonight skip over oh I guess I
could've went this way oh my Manik hey
so say baby like I hurt all of you buddy
Tim buddy oh my gosh I don't know you
like when he does that
sushi wall Arlena look at you
you sleep on top yeah well it looks like
while we were gone there was a little
blowout here grandma says it was Zeus
who should we call
baby mr. handyman
sometimes when you want a job you call
and sometimes when you want a job done
right you do it yourself I have no idea
what to do because the holes came up
look I mean you talk to the right guy
but what I'm saying is your holes are
stripped what's that mean I mean they
just come right out of a wall and you
can't put the same screw in the same
hole let it might need bigger screw
bigger screw
oh no holes no holes and I like your
little handyman ladder there oh this
your man is yours I bring home you're
using the same ones and you're coming
back now dog how many people stick their
tongue out when they when they do stuff
when you really concentrate it switch me
never be too safe out there and ear oh
man yeah here's the old holes and these
are the new ones I just made and they
just stripped right out - OH
odd projects our house is shot well the
other thing is is this has just been
sitting on that rather than using the
actual yeah all right
all fixed you can't even tell even
notice that everybody here's the problem
the screws that come with the little
hangers aren't even long enough to go
through the drywall into the wood so all
we're left with screws going into the
drywall just rip out fallout oh boy
I mean even miss the handyman Hutton
places that's my lightsaber
ready yeah
let's play light speaker I'll tell you
this right now you want this hung up I
can hang it up is that what you want you
know I don't the door open
okay well the doors not gonna open
either way I'll tell you a key
that's in here yes that's what you want
that's what I'll do
you called the right guy I am wait you
don't know who you're messing with
you're killing me Oh take anything off
is it mr. handyman if it does just call
me back I'll come back fix it
oh yes I'm flopping so much yeah this
should get you through the next this
should be through the next 24 hours
right here you got the only the best
duct tape oh my god that's not bad
though you think that's good all right
Kane approved I think it's tough Oh
handyman and hit the road
all right guys how the currents get
fixed oh just leia who left his drill is
this what cane was there a guy there was
it was a guy here what was his name
what do you look like did you look like
Daddy yeah alright guys I I really hate
doing this because it really kills me
the next day but we're gonna end this
tonight I'm not gonna end the vlog I'm
gonna pick it up in the morning and I
have to I have to I'm so exhausted today
I hate making excuses but I really am
and it's already 11:30 at night so yeah
we've been up till 2:00 3:00 4:00 in the
morning every night I just want to catch
up and be fresh for New Year's and I
don't know making excuses
regardless I'm gonna pick this up
tomorrow we'll see in a second and just
like that that hey guys hey hey I'm just
waking up I swear I'm just waking up I
was talking yesterday is like Brit we
don't really blog enough from the start
of our day we start vlogging once we're
ready and and once our energies up and I
was like we need we need to start
working on getting a full day in
makes the blog's longer it makes it more
raw makes it more real so that's what
I'm doing in continuation with this what
do you guys think I'm going to get
before I show you three two we're gonna
light up the sky my friends you know I
got to get fireworks for New Year's not
just fireworks I mean I want like
fireworks hey go get a flatbed get a
flatbed man this cars not gonna cut it
I'm here with my man Brian and he's
always selling me way too many firework
shows this is the reason I bought too
many fireworks right here so uh we're
gonna pile it up what about just the
whole shelf you all right once again too
many fireworks all right guys this is
gonna be fun got half a better truck
half Africa half a truckload against me
we're still asleep all right you can
never have enough fireworks problem with
places like that is you can never buy
enough that goes quick when you start
lighting fireworks you know it's it's
over fast but it's for the kids baby
we're gonna give them a fun night man
we're having a kid friendly get-together
family you know brothers kids my kids
all right guys got to throw a little
quick love to one of my favorite
sponsors on this channel and that is
audible.com you guys hear me talk about
this this is for you guys for you that
that like books but you don't like
reading them they have 180,000 books on
their website audible.com forward slash
roam and use my name in the URL and you
get one free book it's free check it out
I know like if you're like me I hate
reading I really do I'm not a reader I
cannot stand it it's it you know what it
is it's that I'm not good at it that's
I like that that's the truth I like I
read it it's like I read it and I forget
what I read I don't comprehend reading
too well so when I listen to it ten
times better it's like I'm actually
getting something out of it so check it
out audible.com you guys hear me talk
about these guys they're always hooking
you up with different deals and I'm
always excited to plug it because I
think you guys really do enjoy it as
always I will put their link in the
description and again it's just a cool
site for getting just about any book you
can think of in audio form so you can
listen to it on your laptop your tablet
your I fall in it you can listen to it
in the shower if you got waterproof
speakers I mean it's it's convenient
it's real convenient so check it out
links in the description make sure you
use audible.com forward slash promo
holy crap look at my yard I was gonna
kind of keep this as a surprise but I
guess there's really no hiding it we are
building a guest house for all our
special guests that come here so people
that fly in will have their own house to
sleep in and holy crap that's my
driveway that's my brand-new driveway
I'm kidding I'm kidding this is going to
be the official smile more store guys
we're getting a dock door and a garage
and this is where all our new merch is
gonna ship out of and this is just the
start this is the beginning this is
super super exciting for us not a guest
house I'm kidding this is our smile
Moore store this really is my brand new
driveway that kind of sucks bags dirt or
is that spell that sand that's sand we
just got our driveway I mean you guys
know this it's not even a year old
haha oh it's it's not wet I just checked
it oh man that's so bad
they're gonna have to cut this all up
and repour it up to the building like a
reef or cuz this is gonna be all
concrete anyways Kane what do you think
dude we got a lot of fireworks I love
you baby I know I'm freezing all right
it's time in this vlog or we're not
going to get it up this is coming up
today like as I'm filming this so all
right guys let's get ready for a big New
Year I'm gonna end this vlog as it's
tough to edit the entire thing and post
it today so we're going to be cutting
into tomorrow's vlog Brittany just made
a good idea maybe we do a challenge
video today so that when I shoot us and
you don't look this doesn't even care
tell me in the comments if we should or
challenge me I don't know what to do
like we can try to make one up maybe
could be funny or you guys give us ideas
maybe we'll do one of those hit me today
because we need to film one I love you
we will see you tomorrow
happy friggin New Year's thanks for
everything
smile more I know but into this day did
you eat all that cereal get it
hello I love you
