hey guys welcome to the Atwoods good
morning everybody it's not really
morning we are in full nobody's in a lot
of nobody can hear me I know you're
listening Archer aren't you baby you are
oh you tricked me just you have a good
Christmas baby you hate so much ham we
are in pretty much full recovery mode
the house we had a big Christmas here
yesterday it was absolute wonderful day
Brits on this nudie dish duty look it is
absolutely disgusting outside normally
after Christmas you'd be put on your new
gloves and your new hats you'd be going
out playing in the snow here but there's
nothing but rain you liking your new
game is it pretty tough need some help
can't got this uh dimensions game where
you basically watch watch the wizard
ready pull the wizard off ah oh you just
took him right off the TV to cool man I
love all this new technology I love it
should we get the kids are there kids
yeah yeah hey guys there's one more
Christmas present we didn't give you
yesterday the weather is really crappy
but well that's part of it that's part
of it so we were going to wrap this but
it was just too last-minute we decided
we're just gonna show them you guys
we'll try to find it or have you already
seen it maybe that's why
all right it's not the trampoline you
mirror here we got one more Christmas
present ready it's a big giant
basketball hoop um it's legit it's a
real one Michael Jordan's inside that
box he's gonna teach you how to play you
like it yeah I actually don't know why
we didn't give this to you guys
yesterday but it's it is it's the family
gift another family gift for all of us
we can maybe you want to open it we're
gonna ride Zeus through the through the
rain come on let's go upstairs if you
miss yesterday's vlog then this was the
kids move a big butt all right rip it
open
nice basketball dude now maybe since
it's so yucky outside we find a spot
inside she's into like I'm just saying
it would fit right here if we move the
couch so today's like after Christmas
family day me Brit the kids hanging out
Brits doing all the Lego stuff over here
no and I if you guys seen the meetup
video our toy drive video a guy that
worked at a game store collected all
these posters and gave them to Noah
incredible and they come they're like
the game posters that they come with for
the game and no and I our custom that
we're like cutting them out custom and
we're going to hang them up all over his
room I don't know I guess we can just
pick wherever yeah
maybe round out his head a little bit
and the guy that gave us like these are
legit like hard cardboard it's not paper
it's like
really hardboard so should hang Wow look
to Mick
oh yeah that is actually cool like that
tough decision right that looks cool
like that yeah I don't care since it's
already like that what if we cut this
around this island and around the three
and then cut it straight down and it
would just be a poster
there'd be no like dates or anything
yeah that's cool are we we've had it
we've had to jump forward a little bit
in today's vlog we got the house almost
completely back to normal power trash
Zeus come sweep you're the only one not
doing anything around here
fish digs tater tots this is awesome
if the mommy needs to go to the stork
dinner I know ah got it squeeze it
squeeze it
you can do it meet its child child
safety oh there you go wow you actually
put the right amount on there alright
guys does this look familiar to you kid
playing a video game on the couch just
ignore me maybe maybe that doesn't look
too familiar
maybe this looks familiar video games
maybe this one looks more familiar to
you
looks familiar right cellphones
electronics video games iPods iPads
computers ps4 Xbox is Wiis you name it
they're out there eating up our lives
taking away our fun now they're fun
they're not taking away her fun but look
his face he knows what's coming just to
prove it let's see what happens yeah
what it's family night you know what
that means that means we're sitting
together play innings we're gonna do
something as a family all of us let's do
another test let's let's do another test
okay we gonna play we gonna play as a
family all right you can leave it open
don't look at it don't touch it I wanted
to bring something new to this household
not new we do a lot of things as a
family but I have noticed the
electronics and I'm guilty of it I mean
I am guilty of I spend more time whether
it's editing the vlogs are just goofing
off looking at things playing on my
phone you name it I'm guilty of it so I
can't put blame on any of my family
we're all in this together
but I want to challenge you guys as well
I want you to do this as well maybe once
a week maybe once every two weeks maybe
you just don't have time make time like
right now we're gonna make it happen we
got some games for Christmas for the
family Candyland
we got chutes and ladders we got trouble
so we're gonna play an old-fashioned
board game together all four of us on
the table you guys should do this too
maybe not a board game anything that you
can do as a family together just turn it
off Brett look at her Shh you're worse
than the kids canes already at the table
I'm just looking
I'm just looking up I said this really
easy thing is one to play with me maybe
get your favorite drinks your favorite
snacks
huddle up together and be a family these
electronics are really pulling us away
sometimes not always
electronics are good and maybe we are
and maybe game night could be on the
games maybe four player game or a
two-player game I don't know if it your
family as but do something as a family
guys it's so important you got to live
these moments I don't want to let them
go you only get one shot one opportunity
wait push the button hard hey yo not
gonna lie I've forgotten how to play a
lot of these old games that we used to
play all the time as kids since green
the board looks totally different each
player selects four pegs on each color
we did that wait
yeah there we go four pegs youngest
player goes first oh that is Cain you
get to go first buddy
okay so Cain got a four which means
nobody gets to move he doesn't get the
move you have to get a 1 to make all of
us start or a 6 for him to start so he
doesn't get the move your turn you got a
4 - so nobody does anything nope
one of us get a winner's I got this
guy's what skis rig we're gonna move to
the carpet because we can't all reach
the board this will be way better ah
there we go
ah daddy just crashed it one of the
worst parts about having a dog during
rain is washing them every time they
come in this dog get this guy it's like
having a baby bear living in your house
you got to do it and then he's all hyper
when he comes in huh
don't act like you're not gonna destroy
our game change your turn
he's a one little hyena right now look
at him acting at home you know he wants
to just come over in wrecker game oh
okay you don't get to move on a one
mommy's turn me and you in the same spot
Caine no wait but then daddy back home
or bring another one of yours out you
don't want to send daddy back home I
just got out gangs getting vicious Oh
who's blue sending her home snap you
know some aloe vera for that burn so
everybody has now got one safe peg and I
haven't even started the game who wanted
your family game night whose idea was
this kind of difficult to keep up in the
blog what's going on but right now we've
all got to in and he runs right back to
the game well I lost I'm a good loser
though I'm a good loser though I take it
well I mean I think who thought of this
game night stuff
that was up what she's just covered me
in hot mucus well I guess gain Kane
takes the winners chair come join us
come join us he's like I'm not climbing
them steps when you gonna clean this
house bro mm-hmm we come up to hang up
some stuff no his room you guys know
we've been kind of working on decorating
it's a little it's a little shy of being
homey that was newest edition the lava
lamp that's such a cool thing living
things okay where do you want Huggies
hang these okay I think we go like this
and yeah that dude they look like up
there hmm that's cool or maybe we put
that one there so you always see someone
giving you a thumbs up in the morning
when you wake up mm-hmm
oh I like that that looks good let's do
that okay um here's what I got double
sided handyman tape that's the best cool
thing about Christmas is after you have
all these cool things to hook up and
install you got this basketball hoop
that goes on the back of your door
actually I think I showed it yesterday
but it's a laundry basket so you shoot
it it goes into a laundry chute and it
has a zipper on the bottom Yun's if it
falls into a basket I think it's genius
all right what'd you guys think I love
it
that's meant to be there now when you
wake up you just see a guy go on here we
go that's ready it's a beard cool now
any dirty clothes dude
Oh go for three go for three go all the
way back sure
oh no a bird up or three oh I guess
that's two I don't know that well you
nailed it
yeah chump so a lot of you guys might
have your own dog unfortunately for us
Zeus has a very popular and common
disease that German Shepherds get called
pennis yeah yeah I know
and he requires creme and eye drops in
his eyes every single day and he's
gotten really good at it now but when he
first had to start giving it to it was
so hard he moved and squirmed good boy
come on mom he's like a book I'm done -
Zeus requires eyedrops and actually like
a crane - otherwise his eyes get blurry
yeah he'll go blind so oh but he's
gotten so good at it look at him he used
to there was no way you can ever touch
his eyes like he would freak out but
over the last yeah good boy Zeus hey
good boy you he's a good dog he's a
really good bone he would kill for us
truly believe it
easy actually alright guys I'm really
just gonna warp into the end of this
vlog Zeus's be brittany is addicted to
Lego games I'm not even kidding like
Lego games she's addicted to him hope
you guys had a wonderful Christmas man I
hope that you're able to enjoy time with
your your family your friends there's
nothing more important than your family
like I know that if you're a teenager
you probably went through times when you
might just despise your pants man I was
so hard on my parents looking back I was
so hard on my parents man I want to give
him a hug every time I think about it I
just so mean
and I just I highly recommend you taking
a different route on that man love your
parents love them they're working hard
for you
whether you see it or not their only
goal is you so I hope you guys can take
that in consideration and I today was a
challenge but not just us but for you I
want you to do something fun with your
family it can be anything it doesn't
have to be a board game or video games
or maybe it's a hike maybe it's a maybe
you guys go out and do something
together as a family
they that is a challenge because we
don't want to lose that that is the most
important part of our life is family
don't forget it I love you guys I'm
going to end this we have a really fun
day planned out tomorrow big family they
were going downtown to a big event I'll
just bring you along thanks for watching
love you guys so much thank you we will
see you tomorrow
smile on that actual bread Dale got me a
toaster that burns smile more into bread
oh not even kidding
smile like any small more toast
happening there yeah and that's what
heats up be able to help you
