good morning good morning
how are you good morning let's do this
guy's hey guys just getting started here
if you missed yesterday's vlog I finally
shaved a lizard into my head are you
good you got everything in here that you
need yeah for sure
a little buddy doesn't want us to go
also if you missed yesterday's vlog duck
got into a car accident and somehow
you're out in a bell you feel okay
that's awesome and thank you everybody
for all your prayers and your good
wishes oh man they they blew it up in
there yeah thank you guys for that
I'm almost here we're out of here have a
good time new york city's call him this
is this is the hard part that you guys
usually don't get to see right here mr.
kay nurse fine as soon as we leave well
these are the moments right here that
always make me question is it worth
leaving come here buddy
kind of a big big fat stinky hug is it
my turn for some love okay you know
mommy and daddy love you want anything
right yeah you're my body man you stay
tough you're gonna be the big boy the
house yellow monkey hey I love you man
you're a good kid okay oh that's cool
mama we'll help you tonight okay we love
you guys see you soon buddy
have fun hey paint me something okay
okay
love you champ all right we got
everything just this one bag all right
chip don't let the wind blow you get
inside
okay so Bernie and I are on the move
we're heading to New York City today for
streamcon uh you guys better be there I
hope that we have some soldiers there
we're bringing merch for every single
person that shows up we already forgot
stuffs we're running here new toothbrush
toothpaste things like that I saw so
many comments yeah see people are like
why would you shave a lizard into your
hair dude I lost a bet to you guys huh
that's why it is really weird being out
in public with it though everybody looks
at me funny have you ever seen somebody
with a lizard in their head like this
you like it would you hang out with me
if you weren't at work right now you do
yoga everyone thinks I'm a fruity 3:40
p.m. our flight leaves at 4:40 p.m. or
one hour you guys know how it goes
you're not there within like 45 minutes
the computers don't work so you can't
check in as always we're racing to the
airport and our big red slow truck the
slowest vehicle we have while the car
had a flat tire
yeah our white car has a flat it's not
fly was like I could drive it I could
pretty much so on this trip Brittany and
I shared a bag which doesn't really ever
happen usually 90% Brittany's crap and
like literally just clothes for me to
wear so I'll show you at the hotel it's
gonna be colder in New York right wow
it's cold
two pounds heavy I knew you brought too
much crap I knew it oh yeah that's
probably close what else can you pull
out
it always takes Brittany so long to get
here for and I just go right through
look at her she's ridiculous
I wasn't sure if you're gonna make it
through that one when you up get some
coffee to go
can you handle that or you have you
drank too much what hot well why is it
on your hand if it's on cuz I can't walk
there's gonna be an interesting
interesting trip guys I've never watched
somebody struggle with a cup of coffee
it's like it's like I don't know I
handed it to a little kid and they don't
know what to do with it what are you
doing
here we go guys we're off to New York
this guy's changing a headlight you
ready for New York I was talking about
them are they ready for New York I was
talking to you don't yell upset look at
it all
we made it we made it we made it thank
you
all right guys just like that we made it
you're not gonna take the one never
right just like that we made it to New
York I pulled something I pulled
something my leg I'm going down I see a
lot of you guys in the comments saying
you can't take me serious with this
haircut well guess what I can't I can't
take myself serious when I was editing
the vlog I'm like I went ridiculous but
that's half the fun man that's half the
fun it's gonna go out in two three days
it's only gonna last a couple days I
think we've all learned not to think
that's the Internet with you guys no we
got we still got more to do you got a
poop honey you got a poop you got poop
honey we always snapchat what is it yeah
do be honest what do you think I might
hear brilliant do you like it
everybody's making fun of me everybody's
making fun it's great to us it's awesome
I love it yeah thank you so much dude
thanks for watching um we get sick what
up what up man everywhere at this place
well slow guys where you headed my
Island my son Noah wants to go to
Ireland yeah yeah what'swhat's what can
we do in Ireland they let you in with
haircuts like this so we are here we're
in New York one of our good friends
happen to land a
actually when we did on a different
flight so he's waiting on us we're gonna
go meet him right now
hopefully still here how far it this
Airport is massive guys we've been
walking a long time I don't know what
yeah this is so rare is it that is so
rare that we just walked down and it's
the first suitcase we've seen heck yeah
all right that's a little time State
wait supposed to be meeting us here
welcome to New York we are in city was
at 9:00
where's 9 that way I sure see honestly
right now Brittany and I look like two
lost baby raccoons looking for their
mother right now why we still compete
we've been to airports all the time no
this is the wrong way he's no he's at
baggage claim nine you're attending this
is taking us outside
he must be different hole just telling
me there's probably 300 eggs Easter hang
on he said he was coming to ten let's
just go back all right
apparently he is in an entirely
different part of this buildings we're
just gonna meet up at the hotel Oh
I'm not dressed for New York
run little deer oh it's so much warmer
inside your nice vehicle here whoo is
that is that Manhattan right there pass
the tunnel so what are all those
buildings where is that at yeah all
those good huh
yeah all the movies in my husband oh
it's Manhattan yeah gotcha
I think we have just about as many of
those buckets they do every time I come
to the city I'm just mind blind man it's
just so massive everything's big and we
live in the country so coming here is
always extra shocking
have you lived in New York your whole
life
yeah oh this is Manhattan that's right
this is Manhattan alright guys we are
warping into our bedroom that's exactly
what's in here a bed
wait oh oh the bed look to save leg room
the bed comes down when you're ready to
sleep right cuz it's so tight New York
City look how small the room is I reckon
sleep like this then you won't snore you
mean snarls Nora talking about this is
kind of cool I like it this is so
interesting wait look at this
look hey stay right there stay right
there love Lyla watch just in case you
want a shower that's right you can poop
and shower at the same time Kane
hi buddy
I miss you so much man are you pooping
right now yeah thanks for something I
hope not Chesley I know it is for
luggage thank you that's all you need
for luggage me yeah but here's what I'm
thinking he's probably like hanging like
if you have a nice suit which we don't
have but if you did you hang on here and
then you can strike strap him in right
or you can strap your luggage on there
yeah I don't know that's freaky deaky
let me see this okay hang on there's no
seatbelts on this bed this house it
moves that slow hold on to some baby
you're going down that's crazy yeah cuz
you need for space oh you even got
coffee on your shirt you're a mess
you're a wreck okay so I kind of might
win it up oh that's it it's like a cool
electronic couch bed I never seen
anything like this oh yeah I can see why
it's up you got just enough room to walk
through here look at this
Oh oh my gosh it's so scary all right
guys before we go out meet some people
to hang out with you know string cons
here and we're gonna eat guys are going
to be seeing tons of awesome youtubers
and our vlogs we're going to hang out
with fun people we got to do eight what
we just got to be real with you we've
got a couple sponsors to the channel now
I told you last month that they were
coming aboard which is a really good
thing this is a good thing this means
that you guys obviously like their stuff
otherwise they wouldn't come back and
say we want to sponsor the channel so
here's what we got today and I feel
really bad because we didn't even bring
the product to New York to do this
sponsorship and that is Harry's razors
you guys have seen us use them you've
seen us talk about on month after month
these are two dudes that bought a razor
factory in Germany and started creating
amazing razors it's what I use every
single time I need to shave about once a
month the razors last me a really long
time they're heavy they're metal look I
need a razor look at that long hair
each time we've had this company in the
vlogs you guys have really blown up
their site I mean obviously if they want
to sponsor the channel you guys have
proven that you go to the site you check
it out so do it if you need a good
friggin razor for a cheap they're giving
you five dollars off your first order my
bucks it's only $15 seeds 10 bucks total
free shipping so Christmas is coming up
you can get the hairiest person in your
family a razor ya have to be a hairy you
got a bunch of sasquatches walking
around that's you I'm not hairy but I
could I could use a good razor now huh
now I'm you guys know you guys know the
drill I'll put the link in the
description harrys.com use promo code
roman my name ro ma n links in the
description check it out you're not
going to sleep are you ready hang on
hold on baby
I'm taking you down you can almost see a
move why are you taking it down cuz you
gotta get off the bed we gotta go I
haven't eaten today do you bring me back
dinner
it's been like 10 hours no food I need
me all right okay guys we just warped
out to the streets of New York City and
met up with a couple of funny people
from Rob Rob Roy he's baggage where's
all the grub Rosa I
unaware and on the way we got here
they're watching you right now we got
all kinds of people was it us three
we're just about to have like a serious
dinner like a like a day yeah like a and
then Charles and these guys were like
we're gonna shake something and then I
said I've never been there and they all
just wanted to beat me up immediately
now I feel guilty like if this is
completely terrible it would like if I'm
in the bathroom all night I'm coming to
your room and our toilet is connected to
our bed so it's like the two rooms that
are gonna pay yeah oh yeah regular room
New York is crazy guys it's great that's
how you know you're in New York just
people just doing their thing everywhere
everybody explain j.cole so he gets a
bad worse time to shave all my hair off
my head is like one is no funny look at
the humans okay so we have arrived at
Shake Shack obviously there's a line
it's really busy and Danny come on man
you tell you're gonna love it
telling me that I'm gonna love it are we
still we still got to upset a lot I feel
that was better than in and out you know
many people just flicked off their
computer you want me to put that in the
wall way it was minutes away they just
hang severely this you know all these
people that are you slipped on the 22
it slipped on the toilet okay so I'm
about to open up a debate in the
comments section what is better Shake
Shack or in-and-out burger and Oh
pushy just Joyce writers at Apple or map
the Apple about a bar PC for PC rap so
Shake Shack I have it I'm eating her
I'll give you my honest opinion operator
have you ever seen a line like that for
you
all right all right we've officially had
Shake Shack I got to tell you the line
for the bathrooms just as long as the
long run
I'm kidding it was really good it was a
bad joke damn it's really good I don't
know how to compare to and now it's kind
of very similar I think
this is this is how you would do a vlog
if it was TV all right guys we gotta go
good seeing yet because we already
actually said goodbye but we're doing it
for the vlog now now end credits
just look for our girl just do your
thing well well if you need to sleep
over do you stay at our place dude yeah
this is so random to just be sitting
there alright we uh Brittany and I are
headed back to our hotel going to hit up
a little store to buy you know what
hopefully they have one I don't think
it's way too cold out but we got to keep
a positive mindset right they're gonna
have it you're gonna have a Lambo
he's here once a high-five so bad you
should give him a high-five he's just
out there waiting for a - oh he's
getting
what about a little uh drum set for the
round not no drums there okay
all they got little basketball hoops why
you want to leave so bad alright guys we
are warping back Britney Britney Britney
look at you I love this - a Shake Shack
or what Donna because ever had that
don't know I feel uh we're in the net
guys this is our day this is our night
and we are going to start fresh tomorrow
streamcon 2015 I think this is the first
year for this place so I have no idea
what to expect
whatsoever usually the first year of
most everything is a little off and a
little shaky and they got to work out
the kinks but I'm excited to be here
definitely get to meet everyone that's
shown up for us which should be always
always exciting and yeah so we love you
guys so freaking much thanks for coming
to New York with us thanks for hanging
out and we'll see them all thanks for
everything
smile one going to do the lizard guys
I'm doing it I'm cutting a lizard into
my head I figured it's a good time
Brittany and I are going to New York
City tomorrow for streamcon excited for
that
