hey guys welcome to the vlog know what
you do things lose what in my house
Brian hey bro hey hey hey hey I got an
idea today what daddy's great ideas me
the best idea okay you trust me no I
gotta earn my trust back in this house
Laurie trust me just you don't know me
very well and no yes there's one all
right are you serious it's kind of get
away with it I've literally had these
pants for years cuz he doesn't grow I'm
maxed out trust me I'll be back okay
very soon you know it's for its for a
let's think of it as a early Christmas
present to the whole the whole house the
whole family everybody all of us count
every time I just think is Zeus Zeus did
this
I'm never gonna fix it I'm gonna keep it
there forever
that's what happens he locked himself in
this room on accident and then he
couldn't get out she just job I know
always locked himself in a room but look
yeah the claw marks go all the way up to
here just crazy to think I would have
been so mad at him for doing that now
I'm just like I never want to get rid of
it
okay I'll see you guys super soon love
ya love ya love ya I'll see you soon
I'll be right back we on the move we on
the move
come on I got your secret weapon what's
up furball look what I got
look what I got mints peppermints hard
or soft or his favorite tree love's
parents Presley horses do too you want
met
I know foods getting scarce out here
yeah there you go now you got that fresh
breath you got that fresh breath I'll be
back enjoy enjoy it you know we got the
trailer hooked up it's gonna be bad it's
a bad idea it's a good idea
no it's country's idea it all came from
country yeah kind of I mean they're
having a good time looking at them
they're having a great time floor model
clearance I think we're in the right
place guys well let me get that door for
hundreds yo yo this is cool I never seen
him like that like it's like a barrel
like I'm some barrel get in there see if
it fits
hitting it in yeah cool let's do it Oh
laundry how's it feel
is that the one so it's been like since
we literally lived in our years we've
been talking about getting hot so my
brother had a hot tub so we never got
one we like we want to get a hot summer
go to my brother's house however this
year for the families the house is
Christmas for all of us as a family I
was thinking a hot tub and what sparked
it was today country was like I want to
get in the pond again inion you were
like I won't do that pond thing I said I
said I want to commit that challenge of
what you did jump on the ice but I
Thanks but I said we need the
game-changer was we needed we need
actually jacuzzi and I said let's jump
in and go look at let's just see what
they got let's see what's out here let's
see what's available well I like this
one that's the black bear right there it
is look nice this is the Cadillac right
here look at daddy imagine sitting in
that marble right there yeah I'm mom I
take my shoes
I'm getting this one this is a tough
choice you got like a lot of options
here how about this little guy for the
kids it just disappeared just
disappeared right in there look at that
you're gonna need a snork one mask give
me the booster can you just see the kids
could you just see the kids right now
splashing me in the face stop kids stop
not settle down I don't stop that's nice
that's like 300 jets right there below
your bed blow you over to the seawall I
mean calling a chiropractor no yeah I
just wrecked the razor hang out razor
I feel like this one is like let's get
on the trailer boys let's do it you
gonna pop all these are you think you
can blow it
how's that gonna go on that trailer that
is the goofiest thing ever it's wider
than that trailer is it heavy dude it's
light
how'd you like all your struggling a
little bit I was bringing the big dog oh
no we need that oh well now we tipped
the whole thing up yeah we get the
better you get the better price if you
do this all yourself
you see if you pay a company to come to
this cost more we're getting the best
deal here with a carpeted palate not
only help
oh my gosh where can we get fork
extensions we can get them locally right
Home Depot Lowe's tractor supply you're
gonna pick this thing up with the cash
to put it where we want because it's so
big oh my god I want a refund when I was
a quick decision we have pulled the
trigger real fast we gotta get this
thing loaded on the trailer which to me
seems a little sketchy the thing weighs
almost a thousand pounds like 800 pounds
it's almost exactly the width of the
trailer so to get it in there without
beating it up scratching up destroying
it it's going to be a trick
I don't just in case something goes
south
okay so far it's super shady I have no
idea how to get this thing home what
happens when you take the floor model
and you want it today okay
so nothing's working we're gonna run to
the store try to find some boards big
enough to go across the trailer build
like a top it's always an adventure
we're gonna try to get this thing to see
somebody stop that thief yo you did it
just eating chips in the store you got
to run with it yeah I'm pretty sure it's
okay they don't they don't mind is it
three of them not threes good three or
maybe four one more
I didn't think today would turn into how
to load a hot tub onto a trailer day but
it has this where we're at we got boards
now we're gonna try to lay them up here
like this lay the thing up on there and
then just take her home
this is got stupid written all over it
good idea it's gonna let it roll just
gonna let it roll
oh that is shady right there but we got
it on that's a big compliment right
there Oh corndog so we're getting
corndogs
you know Brits making hot wings tonight
hey you can't blame me for nobody has to
know about nobody has to know about
these are our corn dogs you guys earn
these corn dogs I might I might have one
get a 12-pack 12 pack of hot dogs yes
for 12 pack of corn dogs we need some
corn dogs
eight eight corn us eight corn dogs what
do you ask mommy they have how many corn
dogs you got you know they're all very
big corn dog fans so this is the house
say four minutes that's not I know we
waiting on country let's wait for
minutes yeah hey hey cheers bro touch
corn dogs touch corn dogs wow it's like
a whole day later we've made it safely
to the house hey I got you something got
you something oh yeah homemade chicken
wings I know you do baby I know you do
we got something big and awesome outside
yeah and awesome you see it Kane did you
see it is it cool what's weird my little
princess my little princess I love you
come on come on come on come on come on
it's something that we can disappear
into yeah it's a time machine
I got you a time machine told you it's a
time machine
hot tub will it make you wet will it
make you sweat well right here boom
now I'm not gonna cut the deck baby no
power tools yeah up on the deck where do
you want it Oh like drop splash do a
little cannonball delivered it to the
wrong house a blanket are you cold
yeah yeah I'll get a blanket it'll be
here Thursday hey I like your hat did
you see the hot tub is it cool yeah yeah
I guess it's gonna be awesome I only
have one actual concern and that's this
debt
dude that thing's gonna cave in before
we follow the water we have to block it
up I'm gonna get some bricks and some
ball is this the three little piggies
story walks right on it and I can feel
it shake a good thing you just put all
this new lattice on here we're gonna
have to open it up oh that's good down
point him down yep this is where it all
goes south boys angle him down a little
there you go boys getting picked up
actually he's gonna be right under it
that's perfect oh oh my gosh dude she's
on the move if a strap breaks it's game
over
it's endo
you never see the tiny stratton do that
much perfect it's really working know
some weird noises going on
holy crap here's where I either the hot
tub goes right up there everything works
I'm a whole porch gotta be possible
gotta think positive everything to be
perfect baby's gonna fill up with eat
that electricity and everything's gonna
be good like turning down
keep coming we have to because the
boards extend past the fence yeah yeah
you're you're good yeah we got it
right there just in case
that's all look this popped out look at
that we're so close to just no flaw
perfect right I got you know we're here
we'll adjust this twenty screwed believe
it all feeds a bigger screw round little
little duct tape take care of it trolley
he knows so we are kind of jumping
around a little bit tonight the wings
somehow failed which is I'm really glad
we stopped for corn dog that's right I
stopped for corn dogs it was so the
wings fell through end up ordering pizza
and just got the wrong wings so yeah
they don't have the right you know
completely pointless to even talk about
it thanks for hanging out with us guys
we're gonna hang out chill out relax we
will see it tomorrow thanks for being
here thanks for keeping the streak going
thanks for watching anything you say
that we do we sure do do you love you
know this is some sleep little kitty we
love you thank you guys we'll see you
tomorrow you're beautiful even one of a
kind
you
