Kate are you gonna give mommy a hug yeah
here's something I don't show you I
actually just did this intro like nine
times because I couldn't I don't think
it sounded right hey hey hey hey hey
guys hey guys hey guys how the heck are
you it's a beautiful sunny day in
Columbus Ohio hey guys hey just went and
picked up a whole truckload and some
pallets Dale my brother Prince all you
guys know he prints all our smile more
cups he actually makes all of them right
there in his factory so I just went
picked up a ton of them I know we've
been out of stock of all this stuff yada
yadi let's get this vlog started ah yeah
just getting back to our destroyed house
hi buddy
oh you want to open more this is die if
you watched yesterday's our first ever
over an hour long vlog it was our first
time we've ever broke an hour we open a
ton of mail and we still have all of
this and I actually at the post office
today and we got more so we got some
absolutely amazing gifts homemade things
and look at all this mail you want to
open more don't ya yeah once you find
one that has your name on it cuz we
don't want to open any without Noah huh
let me see
hey just a 2k not wood this one's from
Elijah and he's from Maryland and it's
just a cane po po po po oh yeah
oh yeah baby you can put them on your
new track here take it over put it on
your new track come on I just got so
lightheaded stand up we're trying to
rebuild today it's just uh it's mayhem
in here okay let's see if that one works
whoa Nick Nick field we didn't get to
open this when you're sick cane opened
it this morning as soon as we woke up
kind of find in packages estate - cane
shoe strays Marvel shoestrings awesome a
sticker and ice cube trays we should do
that right now
I'm actually into all the new ice cube
trays coming out they're cool haven't
been on my one wheel for a while
whoo got Todd dropping off a bunch of
firewood someone go check on that look
at all this hardwood this is how short
you are on the wood come on man let's
try it
that looks so funny let me see look at
me this part in your mouth okay this
part huh
you got it oh I can see it going through
your eyes is it going through that is
hilarious
hey looks funny with your outer space
shirt and then this piece goes behind
your ear yeah there you go
I'm in this if you put this one behind
your ear what you look funny look I'll
put the screen up for you you see it
okay so there's something I've been
wanting to do for a while it's actually
a photo you guys know how I am with my
photos um and don't ask me why this is
still in here because I just remembered
today and I actually need to steal the
head off of it looks just like caned on
it so I need to steal the head off that
if you guys don't know these head screw
on and off maybe come on
here we go so this is Kane's original
stuntman from the original spider-man
prank where he goes off the balcony off
the rail I didn't want to do this photo
for a long time for my Instagram maybe I
don't know if it's good enough but uh oh
crap
alright so I got it I just steal the
head off the dummy from the four-wheeler
prank and put it on the smaller dummy I
don't know where the head is for this
one actually so here's my idea do you
want to help me
are you driving your car let me see oh
we need a hoodie and pants pants and a
hoodie I had to tape his arms on
I didn't realize if the arms are
straight up they don't stay on they
actually unhook so the tape his arms on
because I'll show ya maybe okay what do
you think all this stuff that Daddy does
is it is it funny he's my little body
that's why he's like canes like what are
we doing now what are we getting into
now yeah
put some uh sure it's crazy how fast
cane is growing because for the new
prank I had to order a doll that was 5
inches taller than this doll not that it
would have probably mattered but
technically he's grown that much since
the last prank just like that turned
into little Kanner's cater you can't
give mommy a hug we are okay let's do
this picture you want to fight yourself
oh yeah step number 2 I guess would be a
giant ladder
you ready for this yeah think I can get
up there this is ridiculous
what do you mean it doesn't weigh that
much we don't even like that fan
oh here fill me okay I got a make every
every angry mother around the world mad
at me every week oh yeah it's gonna be
awesome we should turn it on make it
stick oh it looks good I don't know how
you're gonna get it on there Hey really
mm-hmm
you're not gonna ruin the fan nah hold a
lot I can put one on here when I'm here
sis huh yeah you need oh whoa you're
making me really nervous it's actually
have you super do you say that super
dumb yeah hmm thanks buddy
oh my god we could get grandma so good
with this you know she wouldn't even say
if she can't well grandma don't react to
anything now you go it looks legit -
legit don't move - it may be we have to
wait till it's dark to take the photo so
before I do my photo I'm gonna let it
actually get completely dark outside cuz
you can tell it's just it's taking away
that bright lights taking away from cane
of course I'll add a light and I'm so
picky when it cuts when I do Instagram
photo she hates it
I will spit all wasting a whole day or
night on a photo like just one photo and
then I won't post for like two weeks at
a time
these guys are in Jurassic world mode I
haven't seen him for like two days
all right while we wait what are we
doing here chicken dinner
what does it look like that OS bark you
on it
oh my garbage queue and um backgrounds
oh he's gonna run me over okay it's
gonna hurt right keno hurt me that's a
car go is he okay yeah oh my god
I guarantee whoever sinned I forget the
name but whoever sent us this yesterday
never thought we'd get this much use out
of it you play with this thing all day
we're all set to do this look at how
good that looks in there imagine just
walking in our house there's kid hanging
from the ceiling pan chain is that what
for you know smells like you with your
mouth shut
oh yes leave that look at that thanks
for dinner MA nothing you don't feel me
like you don't cut my foot up uh uh
thank you for cane
you love them on don't answer that
don't answer that you should only what
okay we finished dinner we kind of warp
it into the night a little bit Cain
actually passed out he's asleep
surprisingly like I thought all that
food would just wire him up but he took
a nice bath and we kind of skipped
around a little bit but look at this
look how great that looks
you know like easily I can stir up the
internet with a photo like this Cain
left all the butter on a sweet corn I
tired a little bit we're gonna sneak in
a movie guys I'm not gonna lie we did a
lot today that we just couldn't do on
cameras a lot of work around the house
things smile more store the just so many
things that I just didn't put in a vlog
and uh yeah so we are gonna watch a
movie in the vlog and start fresh
tomorrow yeah do something fun some fun
tomorrow we have to find a Halloween
costume with your skydiving in Halloween
costumes maybe in New York we can go
skydiving where would you land on top of
a building no I think we're gonna leave
Cain up there for the rest of the month
I don't know you think we should anyway
guys I've been thinking maybe I give
away the Kane dolls I have two of them
from the actual pranks maybe that's a
bad idea you can give away you don't
like them he's growing it's creepy that
is creepy
every time I walk out of the room I see
a kid hanging from the ceiling we love
you guys tell me what your thoughts are
maybe I should keep him as memorabilia
maybe in our you know office one day
I'll have all these weird things where I
just give them away like it's clutter I
don't know I don't know you guys tell me
should I give them away or not I love
you we'll see you tomorrow
thanks for all the love and support as
always and that's it smile more you're
beautiful this one gets too started I
want to let you know that this could be
and will be the longest long that we
have ever uploaded ever on this channel
so if you mix between we got the house
all clean because we're about to
boy
