Hey hey guys how the heck are you hey
guys in Legoland did you get a new Lego
game for your birthday you did it before
this wall gets to started I want to let
you know that this could be and will be
the longest long that we have ever
uploaded ever on this channel so if
getting mix between we got the house all
clean because we're about to destroy it
destroy you probably won't even be able
to see the carpet when we're done all
right I'm gonna go get no okay I'll be
right back
kiss love you love you I'll be right
back right back bye bye running out
really fast to grab my boy Noah he's
spent the night with his friend last
night so I'm grabbing him now would
probably be a good time if you're gonna
watch this whole vlog to grab some
snacks
back grab your favorite drink just relax
man I hope you enjoy it this is really
much owed to you guys this is a very
long awaited video that we've been
trying to do for a while and of course
want to know it back so uh here we go
man let's do this all in one Jeff on
super fun
you guys didn't stay up too late did you
haha I know what that face means that
means you probably didn't sleep over
what stopped over at my dad's got some
of his apples from his orchard we are
home we are home again I guess the
question for me right now is where do we
start can you dump it out alright this
is one bucket one bucket get it yeah we
just push it
alright oh man we gotta be careful with
them okay I don't know there could be
breakables ready let's go get another
bucket what do you think all this crazy
have you ever seen this much mail in
your life it's like we have our own post
office we have our own Postal Service
dude that's bucket number two this is
going to take a very long time and dump
it dump it this way Wow we have some
awesome viewers buddy
got it good job
Schramm oh boy we could use your hand
you're gonna dive in this with us until
we get it all brought up here you know
help you open it we got quite the system
here nose packing the buckets I'm
hauling them upstairs Caine's dumping
them and we're about to add Brit to the
system so we're gonna double our time to
take forever just to get this upstairs
there's so much more over here - hey did
we need some music on rockin and rollin
okay you ready
dump it's three buckets you like to have
one that is cool
somebody duct tape the whole box this is
definitely worthy of bucket four four
buckets can or you count in bucket 5
bucks six you know maybe we should just
stop counting
hey box seven gig no starting to lose
his mind he's starting to go crazy down
here we need backup oh well I mean I
don't even know where to start
this isn't it I mean look at this this
is great you guys are crazy we're not
crazy you guys are crazy
well there's no doubt this is gonna be a
freaking blast though every single
package has love in it people went out
of their way to put something in there
go to the post office pay for it and
ship it to us that's amazing thumbs up
to them boom we love you guys let's have
some fun let's make this fun get
something to eat get a snack sit back
relax on us let's do this it has to be
into time-lapse of all of us lighting
you can do a couple of us you know in
the time-lapse we wanna do tripod maybe
I do a mix cuz I've charged so many
batteries for this camera I'm gonna try
to shoot this as rahl as possible I mean
it's kind of tough Caine's already
digging we hate we have to say who
they're from - okay okay mommy's gonna
help you so we're just gonna start open
it I'm gonna trust you like I said as
well as possible I want to know who
actually watches this entire video
versus who skips through it
that's cool on a dirt bike I have a
feeling you have a whole new toy
collection after this I think it's
darson Thoresen you got the very first
package we opened I think it's darson I
could be wrong I think that's it yeah
dorsen batli you can't picture box out
he's trying around for like 10 minutes
so we let him start with that what is it
oh you know what it is open it who's
this from see okay this is actually
super awesome this is from James Becker
and this is an Eiffel Tower magnet
because when I was in Paris at the
Eiffel Tower I didn't get one remember
that's the one place I forgot to get a
magnet so thank you
that's super cool that's a big box cane
holy had you maybe it's just a suitcase
for you to ride on oh it's an outdoor
grill
there's other things back here too
what the heck ah look oh that's actually
really awesome it's a whole grill you
guys yeah dude I'm cooking tonight
that's a big problem that we have
noticed if you ship stuff from Amazon so
somebody ordered this obviously on
Amazon and then it comes and there's no
names
there's no shipper name there's no notes
there's nothing all I can do is thank
whoever did this right now I don't know
who sent it
I feel bad but I don't
all right Amazon you can have it as a
gift and then create a message it's
probably the best thing to do
yeah there's no no well thank you
whoever sent that that's gonna be great
for all family obviously I don't know
pick them up close my eyes and reach out
and get one there you go well we're
opening all of them so you can almost
just go for it that would be awesome for
upstairs yeah what did the meetry
send us down I don't know either
mommy you're scaring it that night okay
whoa it's like a whole kit dude it's
like a whole I've seen these before that
I don't know what they are oh it's just
what mommy needs huh more sprinkles
swedish fish dude i have a feeling we're
gonna get a lot of those today Lauren in
Australia that's a far far trip right
there Sam
now let's read it your pictures she said
oh she's dedicated from ready no it came
I didn't watch it yeah Lauren from
Australia send them in a awesome pencil
case really cool bad they're puppets I'm
using and they sleep in this nice little
cozy bag oh it's awesome
and a koozie Lauren was so glad that we
can inspire you so much reading through
your letter we obviously just helped you
through some rough days so you obviously
helped us too so thank you for all this
is really cool this is what she wants us
to make smile more pencil cases like our
own uh-huh yeah we hit a lot of requests
for that actually it's a popular one
who's it prom it must be Blake Jones
Blake Jones or he stole it he stole this
from the library and put his name on it
ha ha
put your face on the package that's cool
frisbee whoa yeah you can decorate your
desk upstairs this yeah no winner
all right you say thanks Blake thanks
Blake he hooked it up to full giant
boxes of Japanese candy what is this
mario kart candy okay you got it
yeah he's like some crazy barbecue chips
things Jill right from Columbus Ohio is
local what's in Marcella that's right
Marcella check it out it's like what you
used to do hmm
smile more doodles baby Kane I know
please attempt a cartwheel for me no way
you got to do it to you about both of us
all right here don't worry I guess
there's room watch Ammar so we got you
ready on just side by side or together
what on three let's read you go that way
okay one two three good job ah can't you
wanna try ready I'll help you daddy will
help you it's for more Scylla put your
arms up ready
you can put a picture of us in here no
that's cool wow there's like Gibson here
for everybody came that was me yes this
is Brittany out of it you guys got going
on it's hard to keep up with all you
guys whoa fingernail polish wait you
know this yeah it's these I've got a
golden take care dude you don't have
that one yet yeah yeah the whole
collection by the end of the day huh
what you got long game since it are they
tops dude they spin and they hit each
other there you go
close oh my god something about a
woodshop he made this in woodshop it's
like it woodshop baby ooh and there's a
little bag it's a game tic-tac-toe it's
tic-tac-toe oh honey let's play right
now
honey high blue dark blue that's awesome
just put those back in there for sure
hey did some temporary tattoos you guys
can rock it out what does pirate tattoos
woo
scared me booyah
what is the wrestler belt wrestling belt
he's like I don't know what that is
lots of smile more love coming in from
the fam the smile more family okay one
of the lawyers soldiers Elena
el Elena sin uh some some little duckies
for the bathtub yeah some more candy and
just basically says that our family has
changed a lot of things for us so I'm
very happy to hear that always happy to
hear that super hard okay we got
something here from Josiah I hope I say
it right Josiah Cain that's so loud in
my camera this is an entire dirtbike tip
for mr. Shane at work what do you think
it is thank you very much for your
videos you make my life my life and I'm
going to do what you said today in your
latest vlog I am starting new I have a
race in Cincinnati tomorrow yeah look at
that any one at a time man come check
this stuff out when you start doing the
front flips and back flips you can grow
into it
you know I'm nerf war isn't it no is
that what you're doing that you run in
it well that's really cool dude good
luck on your race yeah look at all this
stuff
man you wear this to school tomorrow
yeah there knee
and shin pads in case you record dirt
bike hey let's call him should we call
the boys cowboy
Molly sin us probably all her toys that
she no longer plays with what his little
part gun half half of a nerf gun I think
the kids thought it was next box hey
Kelly throws nice books tanks and
skateboards and action figures and cars
yeah dude awesome well yeah we're gonna
just start a collection to have a name
what's what's the name sir your friend
hunter from Boston hunter swedish fish
in a monster truck do we could have the
world's largest collection of swedish
fish and monster trucks
Bailey what did Bailey send wait this is
don't worry it's not girls shoes just
the box oh boy we are the stickers yeah
yeah what was her name I don't know she
sent these handmade homemade stickers
Bailey Bailey
those are pretty wild and hang them up
somewhere and three not one three boxes
of Swedish before oh one for all of us
look Rowan Brittany okay
all right King Noah this is from Dillon
MJ from is that Ohio got a lot of local
babies
you know we're not even putting a
hurting on this pile puttin vlog this is
looks like it's from a Dylan Nicki Ryan
Nick yeah are they better from the back
I am truly amazed every time we do this
all right how much love you guys put
into this stuff the letters the pictures
the custom stickers the toys
let's see Kane come in this one you'll
love it whoa it's like I got this teaser
the prank prank okay oh yeah look at
these remember these it's an alien gun
okay look look at this book oh you put
that in your little classroom dude it's
a Marvel pop-up book this is like
straight up somebody's collection of
stuff I just six
what is this his awesome biohazard tape
I love this though I think you gonna
open up our own candy store after this
yeah we'll look at that big catch ready
nail through the finger that's a good
one hmm lunch is a bunch of awesome gag
gifts
it's like Oh God oh cool oh I remember
this thing - our memories WorldVentures
is here
what are you doing I love these so much
stuff drilling and your bed looks like
some friends thank you thank you thank
you here I'll just show you the letter
cuz they have Twitter accounts they want
me to shout out so boom that is the full
bars if you do send anything for Amazon
guys make sure you add the gift note
because they don't put who it's from
unless you do that it kind of stinks for
us not knowing who sent what's in there
he is into it and that's enough what is
it looks like the whole buster
yeah you guys oughta we ought to build a
shelf upstairs on the wall it's just all
the cool guy people that people send us
like this that's awesome
Thank You Jonathan and thank you for
adding your name to the Amazon order
that's perfect
okay no you want to tackle the next box
hey guys we made this for you all a
while back but never had a chance to
send it but here you go hope you like it
you guys are awesome keep up the great
work and remember smile more when he and
Mary let's see it is it Marie I'm sorry
oh it's sweet heck yeah that's what we
need artwork yeah yes have no idea we
got something coming we need all the
artwork yeah we're gonna have a nice
place to put it is from Frederick from
Denmark Fredrick all the way from
Denmark hi Roman my name is Frederick
I'm 11 years old and I comes from
Denmark I comes from the night the best
invention ever dude I've never had these
the best invention ever dude I've seen
you guys tweeted me that these were out
but I've never ever seen them to buy
I've never seen yeah oh
is from Bella the girl that we went to
see oh cool yeah the girl that she was
hit by an SUV and we went to see her and
she sent a package thank you Oh Kane is
not holding on much for coming to see
Bella and knit the world to her um see
thank you for coming you made my day oh
yes my lord
Bella Bella so add that to our candy
selection we're gonna be able to open a
candy store by the time this is done
guys
hang on canes just throwing things hang
on hang on hang on
Oh she wrapped everything I love our
suckers individually wrapped presents
from Bella so awesome okay open it up
what is it Bath & Body Works oh that's
the good stuff
oh my gosh and with one pound that's
just what I need is all pound away we
need to add that to your room it's the
same one I know but well you would be
out yeah you need a month oh I was
smells delicious
Kane what did you get no we got another
torch think you could bring it up on the
other side and you can just turn those
on in the bedroom
Oh thinking about
I'm talking like that this is Noah Noah
these are big stickers we can put these
on we should put these all over our game
area upstairs we call that my gosh
Candace T long safety goggles for what
for shooting for blowing stuff up this
is like overload right now why are you
guys so awesome alright yeah Thank You
Bella I've also heard the bells Paulie
walking now
open it up aw it's a truck hitch it goes
in the trailer hitch so now everybody
will know it's awesome Patrick J oh boy
oh boy yes it right
did I say golf oh yeah dude I'm telling
you I've been wanting to get golf clubs
and the ton of balls so we can just
smack it out the babes
that's awesome I'm genuinely excited
about this letter
yeah right here yeah oh nice like in the
church Wow awesome
I have been telling the family that I
want to like find online like a big
bucket of golf balls so we can just
whack them out in the woods and be so
fun what I know this is a big package
but these used to be my golf clubs I
used from 9 to 12 years old at all and
now I'm 16 and have nothing to do with
them they've just been sat in the garage
collecting dust I would love to give
them to Goodwill or sell them on eBay
but I decided to send them to you guys I
watch your blocks every day it's brought
and it always brings a smile on my face
I know cane is a little bit small for
them right now but till he gets older
maybe no I can use them because he's in
the age range
I'd say he's gonna be using them this
guy well they will definitely they will
definitely get used for sure here yeah
Patrick Bob Deere Roman and family thank
you so much for having channels on
YouTube because YouTube would not be the
same without you oh thank you you have
taught me to always think positive
thoughts not negative thoughts and that
has helped me keep my head up through
life I know there's some rough patches
right now but I know you will break
through it thanks for everything
Parise Carice I think see it oh yeah
more art money guys are so creative like
this is exactly what we want it's just
so cool yeah you know if anybody just
wants to send a bunch of old boxes
that's ok needs jumping in boxes like
headfirst um this is from this is from
it doesn't
I'm not gonna lie I feel like we've
opened a lot of packages and this still
looks exactly the same some toys a new
bike yeah yes it's an elbow pad it's for
your elbow boy we are moving right
through it what do we got here you close
it all up yeah okay man gonna go crazy
oh cool what is that it's in another
golf club of some sort
Oh fragile good job can you screw up put
in blog here okay
hi hit me boy yeah Dan are you are you
getting distracted McKinley
I will world watching vlogs every day
six years old
I wish I could draw like that when I was
six years old
oh there's different yeah yeah look to
people well cool oh yeah
Bigfoot call try that out oh my gosh you
blows right now cuz I know what he
sounds like so I want to hear how do you
know what Bigfoot sounds like wellness
is real I've heard shows there you go
that's cute way to do it do it again
maybe just blow a little just took a
quick pause kind of reset a little bit
cleaned up all the trash took it out put
new batteries in this camera I have so
many charging that it's like on a on a
loop so one dies I put a new one end
that one dies and just keep going on the
charger so to make this work
Ethan sends us Wow a wooden sword
watching your sweat Ethan and Bobby
Ethan and Bobby
Ethan Bobby hurry it's all good in the
hood
okay so what did they say the nice Wow
awesome that's so cool and this side oh
wow Kayla it's a smile more on it face
you literally hit smiles on the people's
bodies yeah watch him smile yo this is
sweet that's one in our store yes smells
good too still got that fresh lacquer
stain on it okay this one's coming in
from Singapore
you know what you need to do you should
write on the lid from Singapore because
this is all from oh look at the little
stars are so
and on whose is from buddies our name
here we go okay and you kill me dude and
one more thing that looks really cool oh
my god from Vanessa Vanessa from
Singapore let me see huh is Vanessa
Zhang from Singapore thank you so much
she says we've done a lot for her well
you do a lot for us she said she spent
stuff for us she couldn't find anything
for you I can't ever won anything for
Omaha you know what I don't need it I
don't just happy see these guys having
fun this is so awesome
y'all wanna do it alone
Wow look at that bag you can't even get
there you go good job are you ready oh
ah good Jonathan hooking you up boy you
gonna fight him Bevin years old and
watches the blogs all the time
awesome Oh Manny JAMA this is an epic
pile of swedish fish
hey we're gonna hang everything yeah you
need posters our goal today was to hang
up all know stuff he needs hung up we're
gonna add ads well we had to see how
much time we got all set what is it
it's like a Roman soldier helmet I don't
know what made out a torn-up paper yeah
oh my gosh we've way more patients an
idea Hey look it's cool
yeah dude add it to the collection yes
kale says he has Clifford's big red he's
got the big red truck twin oh yeah his
mom and dad must have Clifford too oh my
gosh I love it so much
there we go what the little birds on
that this is so awesome to added a bunch
of famous quotes from famous people and
Frank Abraham Lincoln all types of just
inspiring quotes reminders these look
little wooden birds Wow
you guys having fun ah this is pretty
crazy man I don't know I really don't
know what to say this is this is crazy
it's one thing to like go from nothing
to creating a fan base and then there's
another like to have such loyalty that
you guys pack things up and you hand
make things and send it from I just keep
saying yeah all over the whole world
that's from Kuwait cane somebody sent a
pile of poop just kidding it's a toy
this is from chase from Wyoming to your
kids to stuffed bears
- Skyy yes to stop bears - Stefan hey
give them a place to sleep maybe they
can sleep in the ball pit with all our
new we've been throwing stuffed animals
in the ball pit now oh no way look honey
this is the family pharmacist with it oh
my gosh we cut we don't have this kit
but we have Mellet my hole the oil okay
so let me get a name here he's um
she's a wellness she's a doTERRA
wellness advocate she probably doesn't
know is I have a lot of I know know it
even know it even says before you roll
your eyes and think oh no like no we
have these we love these I have this in
the big book but I'm excited this I can
take like on vacation with us and these
are amazing yeah I love it thank you so
we actually don't have this kit no I
have a few of these but not all of these
here
hey can't come here he's added like a
snotty nose all day
she uses the lavender all the time to
make us all pass out it's like a have
you ever seen the Wizard of Oz when they
get in the flowers and everyone falls
asleep
that's what is freaking out under all
what is it Lisa mom it's just breathe it
helps oh you could put that metaphor uh
yeah hmm there's so many uses for all
these get me buddy we love it we love it
thank you
come here it looks like someone made
this Iron Man helmet for you well it
opens up way it's clock oh my gosh this
is so funny here
we should just we should just wrap
always wanted one oh we should just
wrapped all this up for Christmas and
assembly and we got it for you yeah this
is one from Kuwait how's that ready
Jarvis how long until we read how long
until the next package uh oh okay this
is all the way from Kuwait guys I'm not
even kidding Lego games look like a
video game oh dear um and I really wish
that I can meet you but I live in Kuwait
which is too far away
you never know what is that game night
family was fine talking about trying to
make um a game vlog where we all four do
a video game so maybe in um watch all
your videos for very long time since it
was called sketch Empire that's how I
know Wow a long time my name is faze faa
ye z will go with phase which means
winner in my country Wow I sent you some
games and um shirt for Brittney
especially sent you a game called family
game night since I know that you care
about your family I love spending time
with them my dream is to be like you you
will you are and will always be
transporation along thank you so much oh
that's awesome is that the front but
that's the back awesome that's too much
way too far with this stuff okay we were
yeah I just friggin missed it walking
but he fell through this box so he's
opening it now okay who's it from
oh my gosh or you guys know how to win
Kane's heart awesome
yeah it's gonna go right to our smile
war store this is sweet
ready ready
alright what you got
I like his or her record no opening
allowed without vlogging
alright we're blowing Oh where's this
from
say on the package did this come out of
here
this is Argentina about the box I've
sent you some common candies from our
gym Argentina are gentes Argentina
Argentina
her chicken Arjun Argentine team
Argentina Argentine where you go I've
I've stick them to the cardboard so they
don't get damaged I hope you enjoy
that's a good idea what wanted you to be
my family
oh you're kind of a part of our family
oh my gosh Liz it yeah okay let's put it
over here no one put it with our other
ones Wow now that's that's how you get
someone read a letter right there
and oh
look at that Oh who's that from
look you're holding your camera he's
holding a coconut I'm holding a bucket
yeah
Kane's holding a shovel dude that is
awesome oh that's from the two twins we
saw oh thank you so much for the 360 cam
oh okay so you guys know when we went up
to Canada we stopped in we stopped in
New York to meet two twins there's some
of our biggest fans that's who this is
from
so it's amazing well they sent us -
that's awesome
wait what's on your face Oh like you
drew oh like your face paint yeah that's
funny and I'm eating pizza stop it right
here Oh
oh my gosh this looks so good right now
don't chocolate nut I can't read any of
it some water extensions
ferb for your hair dude you slap it in
right there what up what up it's no I'm
at school let's party hair chalk
what is hair charge hair chalk try that
on
looks cool okay so they sent from lit
INSCOM um it's it's like hair chalk and
pastels you can also try smashing the
chalk into water with a fork and
painting it on like real hair dye you
got to try it
uh-uh not on me thank you guys for
keeping smiles on our faces I know it
isn't easy behind the scenes as you guys
make it look
smile more from Robert it's cool that's
something different
never heard of it I've never heard it
yeah it says it they know you are in
arts and crafts and stuff yeah this will
be fun in the bathroom
what the heck did you get that you can
add that to your you just got the other
jr. Lego so you can add that to your
table
nah Lorenzo Lorenzo see you this what
this said the Kanan knows it it well
maybe cuz they know you can build it for
him
therefore um they have these little
warmers I'll put them in there it's like
a candle
oh yeah no yeah I can put them in little
oh god that's a lot me this thing Wow
Richard but where he goes my red nations
by RJ's creation by RJ's baby yeah
what are the little ducks on top did
they melt Oh melt away the little ducks
he wants to find a mold that says smile
more so you can make smile more candles
oh I'd be cool I'll be down for that
would laughing else throw these candles
or they just melt the whole thing melts
you melt them got it
yes I am I don't know the name
Josiah Messiah from Indiana since some
racer gloves for you did I think this
was your cane because they look pretty
small this is for the boys
congratulations on adopting your piggy
your piggy bank needs special care
we know pigs like mud but we must keep
this piggy clean dirt and dust can cause
the feet to look dingy clean with a dry
soft towel or napkin Network cut the
design or boils lotion on
skin okay so you got to be very careful
has it the age where he no longer needs
me to pop bubble wrap sure that sounds
awesome doll you headphone issues
personalized you put money in it yeah
changer that is awesome
put money in my okay let's see Noah's
I'm straight them once they're full
mm-hmm have a cork on the bottom yeah
they got a plug this is really cool so
it said to be very careful with them
okay
flag says Atwood oh yeah that things
like hand-painted yeah fun let me
see look at what is the ps4 to these are
incredible turn it Oh awesome that those
are really awesome this was like
completely hand-painted of that I
already like you what I see whole amount
oh this is adorable
oh these are cool stickers whoa look at
this cane you this sticker
man hey those are so cool look at that
license plate I was a couple of them
look at this ha ha their license plates
what the hang those on her downstairs
yeah Wow let's go in our small more
collection yeah no candy for a while
yeah distorts areolas looks like a mess
yeah pop rocks oh well like he was
squeezing it so you look so concerned Oh
outer space you paint those screws like
it yeah definitely hand-painted smile
can you love the piggy bank I love more
oh you want to fight me Punk
want to fight me little girl Oh he's
four now so he can beat us all up
remember Oh
tase tase tase see it work this is from
maverick maverick get Roman Atwood my
name is maverick I've been watching your
vlogs pranks for a long time
personally awesome alright cool
RC car Britney's always wanted one and I
wish I had a husband I can wear the
shirt we actually have so much mail that
the kids are are wearing out they're
starting to do their own thing hey you
guys got enough awesome gifts you guys
want to call it quits today yeah you're
done
I'll probably do a couple more I don't
like yeah I'm always what if we stop
Annie why don't we take a break and eat
I think we're all starving they've been
going at this for a while the last one I
want to shout out to our Mito burrito my
friends call me dormido but my name is
jr. thanks for the RC car homie
okay we've hit a breaking point where we
all have to eat we're all starving the
kids need a break their little fingers
are so sore from opening so much mail
look how much dude we start so much more
to open mom I'll save the day you save
the day mama
you brought us you brought us some pizza
and subs and garlic bread yeah I think
little canes like coming down with some
get all sniffily and tired on us that's
a rough day dude that's a lot of
excitement you should open the Hulk one
two and you get the even know them both
play with one yeah you I hope all right
guys we're going to start tearing a few
more boxes open you don't know if we're
gonna make it through all this the time
is ticking oh you have a blue smooth or
shirt on he's creeping around can I
sleep with him
you know what Caine it could be daddy
yeah it does kind of look like Daddy is
it daddy
do they make daddy oh my gosh is
hilarious this super daddy would you
believe it can I sleep daddy I can sleep
with Daddy hey Roman here's a couple of
Darkseid Ollie's for knowin Caine now
you have a skateboard ramp and a lot of
space there so go crazy with these Craig
from SP hero
all right rip it open looks cool
yeah what could be in the box
whoa the heck moon race drift crash
launch looks awesome anything with those
five titles I'm in yeah you must control
it with your phone or something that's
enough to charge it yes
unique I've never seen it ollie
oh okay cooking so this is from Aaron is
that change yeah maybe for your piggy
bank
yeah he's just some change it's perfect
oh you put some in Noah's - hey no smile
more 1k Noah - Noah
Atwood it's a box full of smile more
goodies whoa
oh yeah we could smack it into the woods
whoa Parker and Zach Parker and zakiya
yeah hi boys
oh my gosh big bag yeah ha ha ha
gosh Kane Lou this car a smile hope you
guys like the stuff I sent you and can
make a shout out to Jake
JP unless there are also big fans JP and
Lester what's up they're from Canada and
this is from Joshua awesome Canadian
Vickers dude Captain America stickers a
bear named trouble us we got a whole new
box of cars and trucks and bikes
I got a switch batteries battery number
three I've never barely used one battery
in a vlog so we're on a third one
another huge box of cars
Wow there's a note let's see whose
parents are mad at them for sending all
our toys Ethan Hall from Texas even drew
me well it's pretty good or all right
well my name is Ethan from our Murillo
Texas and I just want to tell you thank
you for being you making people smile I
Spit I sent Kane some car so he can play
with them and I bought some swedish fish
cuz I heard you really like them PS
smell oh thanks Ethan
that's like what we did with us spray
painted it black whoa whoa wait does
that shoot the balls uh it came loaded
ah shoot it that way yeah
Ethan from Connecticut Ethan from
Connecticut
rock and roll D that's just what we need
it's that a loop-de-loop in it you know
I still think one day we should be this
whole house and Hot Wheels track like I
mean like the whole thing do you like
the world's biggest Hot Wheel track and
the awesome e cool right tiring hmm you
guys have truly been jamps today on this
this has been a much bigger project than
expected we huh boom that's pretty cool
yeah it is just cardboard that's nifty
this is for you um so here's what we got
here fully enjoy the excitement every
day your favorite youtuber keep it up I
made this myself for you in this package
you will find gifts for you and your
family whenever I'm down you bring me
back up I hope I will get to meet you
and your family one day smile we'll be
able to play it but
oh that's cool
monopoly Avengers Michael James McDonald
24 years old from Australia watching
vlogs and pranks for over a year now
every time I wake up get on YouTube just
to watch your videos Wow thank you
thanks a million
never miss the vlog even though I've
been uploading vlogs over two years even
know you have been uploading this oh
cool it's awesome it's wood oh isn't
that cool so when you are in Puerto Rico
and we got to ride Toby
yeah member tobyh thanks kami Toby yep
Toby please love back you guys remember
the horse in Puerto Rico was Toby we
always make them say Toby cept like a
separable man I guess I gotta be careful
when I tell you guys what I like okay
it's from Bella Shan or Robin Jess maybe
it's from all of them yeah the Robin
Justice probably a company tag and then
they added their kids or something yeah
could be totally wrong that's my guess
hey big skateboard that's pretty cool
box of Swedish Fish
I can he's 11 years old name's Addison
he's been watching your vlogs for a long
time now you are so funny
and I wish that I can meet you where's
he live from Dixon illinois's it's not
that far Brett you are pretty Cain you
are cute Noah you are funny and a cane
Nick no grow up a little bit look at
Noah
yeah so you need to shave we got a
little guy Cory Campbell looks good King
goes right for the suckers like get the
money like them I also set you pins for
the same reason I was wondering if you
could send me a couple of cards back
signed let's just see a lot more
business cards that's cool the Pens
smile more pens yeah I made us light
hundred versa maybe two fifty-six from
Roman Scott Logan from a Roman luxury
finds one thing instantly out every box
it's fun like it Freddy's little pen oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah oh yeah okay go help
me in my life in the wind I'm sick i
watch your vlogs it makes me feel way
better you are the best oh thanks so
much I'm glad that we can we can cheer
you up that's for sure little dinosaur
wait the last box had a little pigs in
it this one's you a little CeeLo -
what's going on huh look at this
Christmas ornament ugly sweater oh yeah
even says ugly on it
hey what is it oh that's cool what
you can use it kick it whoa that is a
cool toy it's like air hockey but the
floors that is also on your leg go take
and never get enough Legos Wow look is
this all wrong
you're my favorite youtuber vlogger I
painted two paintings for you and made
some drawings I hope you like them and
want to come visit Virginia Beach if you
can please give me a shout out made some
colorful drawings for us these are cute
huh let me use your phone I think it's
dead but you can go check it out this
giant bag here's an all these Lego
weapons and jogo that is a sweetest
collection of Lego guys look from Utah
that's awesome huh look honey oh you can
see on the camera really it's a trick
box please let her daddy's letter Noah's
letter pains I'm sure has his picture in
it this guy yeah yeah okay cuz he said I
know you like soccer
so enjoy the gifts cool yeah Diddy sent
so much awesome stuff the bags of Legos
I mean that is that's a collection I
know how hard it is to get all that Lego
yeah our soap
hundred-dollar pillow you can have one
they're ours they want to put smile more
on them those are really heavy hat yeah
oh this one you know that is wild those
are cool
let's head smile more on them there you
go
looks good yeah blow under like that hey
just keep stacking updated oh oh you're
supposed to shave it not tear it you
didn't know did you stack them all on
mommy
you guys are funny you guys are funny
okay get it out this is from Curtis Oh
Schmidt me it's man my man smell oh man
so so close but so far away we can't
finish today we just can't we tried the
kids got Noah's got school in the
morning we got it we got we got
responsibilities to do tonight
unfortunately we came so close it took
10 times longer than I thought it would
but we're close and all of this too so
it's that time showers bath time we got
to why don't we grab why don't you grab
a quick shower
I'll get that hooked up while you're in
the shower he's trying to hook up that
um oli the yeah the oli
followin I I charged it uh-huh see if
you do like different things
hmm are you 60 hold it
ohmygosh followed the finger straight
down John just told it we are ending our
night pretty quickly here I'm excited
this actually means a lot to me because
when I was in Paris it was the only
place that I saw all the magnets I saw
it like 20 times and I forgot I left
Paris without a magnet I felt so bad so
thank you for sending us a Paris magnet
I'm gonna use this as if it was mine and
I got it there so there we go
and thank you for whoever sent us tea he
loves the Olli thank you for everything
yeah there's there's so bummed we didn't
get it all open it was way more than I
expected
we were so frigging close to finishing
this tonight it looks like nothing but
that's probably still good solid two
hours maybe an hour and a half because
these take a long time I'm so tempted to
just finish it but it it wouldn't be you
have to do it with the kids and they're
both asleep so I guess we will just uh
we will pick these off through the week
maybe that's the only thing I can take
oh I don't know if we didn't get to
yours I'm sorry they're probably right
there we are gonna call it a night
what a day I know it seems like we sat
in our living room all day and that's
because we did that's expected I know
that's a lot you guys are so crazy
inspiring to us with your letters it's
nuts
and we didn't get through it like actual
letters not even a fraction like theirs
I even show you that yeah that's next
level right there um I think we're good
we're done for the day yep bedtime
actually I have to get ready for school
tomorrow
I gotta edit and Britney still goes to
school that's
let's get ready for school like my
outfit together boom Oh for everyone
that's confused I homeschool thing for
anybody that made it and didn't skip
anything I want to see them thumbs up I
don't believe anybody watch straight
through yeah that's true but that's a
lot of especially if you didn't send an
email would kind of be like yeah right
it's yeah I think it's I don't know you
guys tell us
um it would have been a lot longer if we
finished it I was going for a really
long hug so I don't know what to expect
I hope you guys enjoyed it either way
whether you set mail or Denson now I
don't know how I personally feel about
my kids getting all this stuff like I I
really don't I don't think it's healthy
but it's amazing it's wonderful but yeah
for them it's like it's an abundance
mister like we're gonna get on christmas
guess tonight wait that's it ah there's
what's here's what's actually happened
as you guys know this mails been backed
up it's awesome it's like a piece of
mail here and there but when it's been
backed up for months like this is a ton
of mail all at once so it feels like
like their brain the kids brains got it
like you can't be right after that it's
just like infinite toys and gifts and
it's phrases I don't know how I feel
about it I gotta think about I love the
artwork um I love everything gets in but
that's one thing that after today after
tonight I'm thinking like hmm I don't
know if I'm gonna allow this to to
continue forever like with with the with
the toys yeah so if you want to send
mail I think let's focus on some cool
I'm telling you we got a big project
we're working on and we need a lot of
cool artwork and that would be something
called us in the family or maybe aim
towards family stuff if you really want
to send something and maybe a little
less on just the toys and uh just
straight for the kids so like do stuff
like interaction the family stuff like
somebody sent us a game night video game
like that's that's pretty cool yeah but
everything was absolutely amazing guy I
mean I'm blown away I'm
so thank you for everything the toys the
pay everything it's amazing I just as a
father and I'm sure Brittany's feeling
the same way you got to protect your
kids I'm gonna get all these toys like
oh well they already get a lot of stuff
so when they see you guys just driving a
dump truck toys haha what would you do
so I don't know I'm just trying to I'm
just being real I'm like we're
definitely thankful for everything the
kids are crazy thankful and excited yeah
it's a lot especially follow up after
King's birthday
Noah's birthday like there's just so
much for your birthday either way either
way guys thank you we will see you
tomorrow again if you didn't skip a be
honest you don't have to lie just tell
me if you made it through all the way
through this vlog we love you see you
tomorrow
small one honey are you done yet come on
I'm trying to get comfortable she's not
comfortable come on let's just we're
just watching a movie
Oh
