hey guys before this blog starts I just
want to remind you that tomorrow if
you're watching this the day I upload it
then tomorrow is the big toy drive the
big Meetup Britney and I are going to be
there all day hanging out with you guys
bring an unopened toy we're going to do
one of the biggest donations the biggest
we've ever done for sure I can guarantee
that already but I want to grow this and
make it the biggest toy drive ever if
you can be there all the details are in
the description this video right on the
top just look at it if you can be there
starts at 10 a.m. so you have
super-excited to see you there and
that's December 19th Saturday tomorrow
love you guys enjoy this weird vlog I'm
stuck in meetings all day there's not
much I can do I love you I'll see you
tomorrow
hey what's up oh no way you look perfect
you don't want to you can't figure it
out I think you should stand it up like
daddy's gonna make it oh yeah the Hat
the Hat will mess it up are you excited
to hang out with me hi baby
Lucy everybody say hi to Zeus hey guys
missing my family today and it's hitting
me like it's only been a couple days I
feel like it's been like forever I look
at Kane like think you're taller already
like it's only been two days I'm
freaking out I don't know water anyway a
lot of my plans have changed from there
this koi idea and it's kind of being
shut down by some meetings I have to
attend to I'm gonna get them out of the
way we're gonna go there now do that
stuff throw good good memes like things
I need to do but you know boring flip
vlogs like stop a camera film so yeah
hope you guys are having a freakin
awesome day man I hope you're feeling
good over tubing brah okay so this place
is super cool and I'm just willing to
bet that I should have started this vlog
tonight because I don't have a feeling
we'll be sitting in meetings all day and
I'll film if I can but if I don't I'll
see you in like one second
all right guys I just ran up here and
how ridiculous is this how much would my
kids like this are you ready ha ha ha I
have to find this lamp for my kids like
each other to put it my living room into
the huh oh once again I'm being pulled
into some weird photo shoot what are we
doing we're just shooting you I could
even prepare at all look at me this is I
swear I wasn't gonna tell you guys but I
haven't showered I did this huge photo
shoot yesterday and had like stuff
blowing all over me it's price to all in
my hair
milieu on camera so yes but she can
smell me right now so I'm doing some
weird photo shoot for some weird thing
okay so what do you want me to do I want
you stand in front of the line like this
yep
is this gonna be a problem fyssas here
the whole time was I point out really
really no okay guys I'm back at Alex's
and you know what I think we should just
start the vlog now because I told you I
was gonna Metis and it wasn't gonna be a
vlog so let's just pretend that we're
starting fresh now we need to step it up
what's up guys what's up my friends got
my body here and I think I think we're
all starving we're gonna try to find
something for dinner we're gonna go pick
up another friend we'll keep a surprise
we got candy cane they have this free I
got this for you last year I'm not gonna
take
I just want to scare okay look at my
lens Slayer yeah can you see anything in
the lens no like a Taser
Oh get me to the gym where will my sheep
mask you that's real you're scaring her
they know what your standard there's
nothing illegal all of the cocaine
demand that is in South Central and that
is not here no it's not in my car so I
had to go grab some dinner I don't think
you have you eaten today anybody not eat
today I'm really hungry man I'd like to
complain but when I get hungry I start
getting cranky yo what's this place
called Bobby
Colby oh yeah we came here yeah I might
get the door for Jake what what is this
place
sushi good I wanted to make it a fun
surprise but I just kind of blew it
yeah I feel I oh man I couldn't Sean
here's may remember this we actually
came he brought me here on a date when
we you judging you know what you say
yeah I brought you here I did I know
before I can but then as the food came
out I just like you just you finger it
out and you just so this is wrong we
have another item which is obvious an
abundance of food that we cannot eat all
this look at this bowl is that an egg on
top
yeah you spinach onions carrots I don't
know what that I don't know have a look
at this what is that of this which is a
glass noodle it was there so these are
glass noodles and this is rice paper I
supposed to put your meat in it or on it
or about it make your little burrito of
it yeah
it's pretty cool what do you think
enough meat box for it hey it's time to
take it yo we ordered enough food for
everybody handle what is that these
occupy this is it you know is that hot
enough for you this is a where's the
super right there change
people good call Alex I can barely
breathe I have so much beef in my body
you smell like barbecue yeah that place
put me in like a weird coma feeling like
I'm like is that you call a meat coma is
that as a meat coma yeah good turn those
first who goes first
do you want to do a dual by no you know
you are the one who said that to me how
uncomfortable it makes you and
everyone's blood well know what it's
like six when you hang out with other
vloggers is like when there's like six
of us all avoid that is a little weird
with the stage of reception walks ocean
elated always get us here really good
when you gonna come out and play in the
snow
Oh actually I should come to New York
and play in the snow in New York City
another snowboard video you said we're
behind the teeth oh my gosh
you need to come play - maybe we just
make a big trip yeah he's like I'm just
trying to go home these guys are ready
to party
it's this good getting here take it to
the yelling you just yeah nothing didn't
begin a song
she's having a blast having a good time
beaver does it
it's Bieber singing shamil beaver fever
I think I'm gonna be laughs easy you
should get out there dance with her do
it just gonna do it do it dance with her
do it on go go go dance they're dating
now see what I started I know let me
hear beavers just changing the world
follow follow follow pieces swallow
come on a scare on the death want to be
a burglar but when he'll yes he might
I don't care okay so Brandon's just
getting here at Alex's I'm not trying to
scare him with the Taser he's a complete
okay read it hey come over here
don't treasures what
Oh deep inside shot yes I was doing
something that's what I told Alex the
way he said can you come in here
associating
alright guys that is it for the vlog I
um
stupid meetings man it's hard to like
have like a business life and do vlogs
that is a real tricky thing but today's
the last day I'm flying home tomorrow
I'm a wreck like I'm literally in need
of home it's really been like three days
if you can make it bring an unopened toy
we're donating all the toys um I want it
to be like the biggest toy drive ever
and maybe you know it's gonna grow maybe
this year you start next year will be
bigger and bit like I want to grow this
to be like what if what if we had like
one of the biggest toy drives ever be
sick
oh that's just me thinking eyes come out
let's hang out we're not in a hurry it
starts at 10 a.m. if you can be there
all the details are in the description
of this video check it out come hang out
with us alright guys that is the vlog I
will see you tomorrow I love you thanks
for the support I'm going home seeing
the family that's really all I can think
about right now I hope to see you
tomorrow if not I'll see you next time
actually what city do you live if we
were going to come to a city what city
should we come to that's actually a good
question I love you guys we'll see them
off smama
keep going it looks great yeah that's
cool and one two three
and you guys
