hey guys welcome to Los Angeles the sun
is shining I got full permission to film
everything for you guys today so check
this out look at this studio
that's great yeah this is where we're
spending at least some part of today
look at this place and I honestly have
no idea what's going on yeah do you want
to set it down or use one like hold no I
kind of just like hold it and talk to
mine okay of yours handle it so what's
up what's your name
Kelly Kelly and you're making me call me
blue today blue cuz there's a lot of
names to remember I like that's a great
idea come here what remember man so I'm
basically get makeup done because I look
terrible so what she said yeah so she
ratchet thanks blue
how long so what are you gonna do to me
I figure most people when they come to a
shoe like this they would prepare
themselves like shave well like I didn't
do anything
first it's well this is all you like
all-natural that's right that's right
this is what your vibe is first so I'm
not going to come in and turn you out
good just maybe a little lipstick or
something exactly yeah sure the contrast
to bring out the blue eyes what do you
guys think do i I do look better you're
totally right Wow
so I woke up I called John and I was
like the only thing I forgot on this
trip was a toothbrush so I'm trying to
drives you nuts when you forget to brush
your teeth it's like a grainy feeling
and I have flossing toothpicks and I
have mouthwash and if we can find a
tooth toothbrush I will track down
something well I'll eat an apple apples
like a natural tooth brushes like peels
all the mud off your teeth
we're going in the hot seat guys this is
a take it easy please easy questions
like a sign is this official or is this
just like something photoshopped real
quick that's official well that's a
sneak peek guys ha ha
Romans during an interview and we
pranked them a little bit just a little
bit guys you know like honestly this is
a better look for me anyway
Oh what do you think you should have
done this from you look like a diva your
princess you're a pink princess
beautiful baby I don't know about though
so they came to me early on I was like
yo we're gonna get Batali while he's
doing his interview I was like okay cool
cool
but Dennis de sable if it no they came
to me yeah so they're just flipping it
on everybody and then I was like then
they came back said we're gonna get
Vitaly and I was like well I already
explained it Vitaly what's going on so
you got to get wrong on his left eye
this is one of the major perks of being
on set is that they just bring so much
food in look at this stuff sushi what is
that fish I don't know what I'm looking
at
this is one of our photo sets that oh
they did the camera thing I said I want
to be like stepping on cameras or
something it's like a big red carpet
disaster not sure what the final
projects going to look like the final
products can look like but this is like
some crazy red carpet scene that we're
doing and I'm really happy that you guys
are allowing us to just film all this
clutter right yeah so if I go one two
three four you're going to be on two
counts gonna be on three motors going to
be on floor
told me to hop in there for a sec get in
there yeah absolutely
okay we're gonna you're to start keep it
coming
I like the energy so here it started
here we go 1 2 3 3 you're just are
running towards camera
so right at all
all right oh all right ready yep one
here you guys are rad great start we get
my oddball you don't out of there okay
so obviously that was just a test photo
but look it already looks like it's been
enhanced with like graphics I just want
to take like one second everybody's on
lunch I just want to like explain to you
guys how quite impossible this whole
situation is to me like it might sound a
little corny I might get a little off
track but like this is like an
impossible dream that has come true for
not just me but vitaliy dentist John
who's he was the one I remember like two
and a half years ago he came to us at
our hotel room he was like you guys want
to make a movie and Dennis and I are
like we actually do have an idea for a
movie and it's coming together it's like
almost done guys we're doing the very
last press this is all for press this is
like magazines TV everything that you'll
see promoting for the movie is what
working you're doing so this is just
like extremely overwhelming to me that
this is even happening first of all I
don't want to get too deep into my
thoughts here but this is like really
crazy to me
but this is it something I ever dreamed
of being able to do like it was just the
thought but it's crazy
Oh
Hey
three and one
let's do that look good I like that
order let's have like your expressions
like you're happy about like it's fun -
yeah
yeah
a little bit
going good dude look at this we are
bringing in a crash pad we're actually
gonna be like diving onto it right doing
some dive do this you guys know how to
make a mess ma'am you know that's one
thing we're good at help do that but
then like three inches to the left this
time
boy I thought I
I'd sleep I know what that is
we got a singles see ya this is coming
out my blog here minute the whole time
is there going to be a problem I got I
got BTS looking photo for you oh nice oh
sweet yeah damn that's awesome that's
just my arms man run out yeah so I can
like this
I don't go away
you get it that was gonna happen
a foot did you kill the birthday cakes
no I didn't she just asked me if I film
the birth of my kids I didn't we're
trying to get the most ridiculous what
is this like hamster cage yes Bart it's
uh this rodent feed it's actually the
worst dandruff ever this is just daily
trying to get all my hair problems out
so you would think that everything is is
is photo shot and what we're doing today
but it's all very real and there's fire
we actually have things on fire this is
amazing man I got to get your phone
number I mean just for buy me dinner or
it has one hand that's a little in it
yeah so what's the vision bro we're
doing you guys exactly working backwards
you're horuseus to the most the most not
crazy so we like passed out here in the
rubble well it's so what you people
you've shown up at a red carpet you
basically just caused a ruckus
so something has exploded over here you
guys like cases crazy or does yeah yeah
yeah
everybody out here alright so finale
let's lose the shirt of our view we can
I'd the whole tattoo for the whole life
you sure different yet this is here to
make a face I'm going to get the shot
guys everybody else Sophie in maybe like
split up again like
I love cinnamon
we actually want to shoot it yes yeah
in a plastic cup this one is officially
new guys we are throwing eggs at the
camera but you can't see it very well
there's Plexiglas okay I'm pushing it
towards you but there's glass in front
of the camera so we're throwing eggs at
the camera it just keeps getting better
Hey
you know that for like three second it
wouldn't go oh my god they're so good
tie game tie game started
we all got tazed bro alright guys I have
to show you this is the exact studio
that we just shot in already reset this
is where we've what yeah right let's go
on home with me don't let it don't dent
it bro don't ditto it's yours I'm gonna
have the first ever good riding on the
car look are you there you want to do
once upon a time are you laying down in
bed do you think there's enough room for
Buzz Lightyear he can go sledding with
us oh man this is gonna be the best trip
ever
alright guys I am warping back I came
back Britney flogged all day she blogged
all day and we cannot we've been on the
phone trying to figure this out she's
been trying to transfer the footage they
the Sony camera she's using it films in
AVCHD files I know that does it mean a
lot to you guys for some reason it
records into a private folder so she
when she goes to transfer the folder it
says that there's nothing in the folder
which I know there is and she knows
there is we cannot get it to transfer so
if nothing else maybe when I get home
we'll just put all her footage in a vlog
because I'm really bumming out that I
can't add that to this vlog because the
I don't know it's just cool to have the
home like I want to see what they're
doing to so I am be I am destroyed I am
so freakin tired it's over 1 like um
when we do things like that I just can't
believe that I'm doing them first of all
so it's it's extra exciting and for some
reason just like take some mint it's not
physically exhausting it's mentally
exhausting that's a lot of what I do as
you guys know not really a physical job
but it is a mental
it really has been wearing me out lately
so I thank you guys a million for being
here it's so cool
not just to be recording these memories
for me and my family but to have you
guys a part of it and watch it grow and
and I just can't thank you enough like
it's so cool like like we were at that
stadium last night and it holds and my
mind was blown because some guy the guy
beside me I looked it up is like 19,000
people fit in a stadium 19,000 and when
I look out it looked like infinite
people and then I realized these vlogs
do over a million views a day like in my
mind I'm thinking if I could walk out on
a stage and see all of you I probably
wouldn't be able to speak I wouldn't be
able to physically get a word out of my
mouth because it's overwhelming so I'm
thankful that I'm just looking at my
little camera here but I know inside
there's so many awesome minds and some
of the awesome people and I just thank
you guys for being here it really means
a lot it's cool it's cool we will see
you tomorrow I got something really cool
for you guys tomorrow that I know you're
gonna be super excited about so let's
just let's just skip to it let's get to
tomorrow I'm gonna edit this vlog and
pass out B I love you guys no excuses
I'm ready to work most hard night keep
your head up guys I know we all have a
lot of problems just know that you know
the guy beside you he has his own
problems and the girl beside you she has
her own problems and you're not alone we
all go through his life maybe it's life
let's move through it together we will
see you tomorrow
thanks for everything your beautiful
smile off
