hey hey guys how the heck are you it's
beautiful and sunny here I've you didn't
watch yesterday I just got here in Los
Angeles and today's vlog I want you and
I as a team to get started fresh and to
be positive you know one thing that I'm
learning mostly in my life is that the
biggest challenge is myself I honestly
believe that we are our biggest
challengers man we can we can make our
brains believe anything that comes out
of this mouth and I honestly believe
that the more negative words that come
out of this mouth the more my brain
believes it so I want you today to go
100% positive with me I know it's not
easy it's hard as hell it's one of
hardest things that I've ever tried to
do I don't want you guys to start fresh
with this vlog right now let's do it
let's have a great day together whether
it's morning whether it's night I want
you to start fresh right now everybody's
looking at me like I'm a freak
Ono's hi how are you good
how's everything in your life very good
do you have kids or these books for us
to read yeah three oh it's awesome I
have two boys have an awesome day okay
all right what are we doing here guys
what is up
post-production man this place is cool I
would love to have a building like this
so although this is going to be pretty
lame for you guys I am here today after
how long has it been a year and a half
maybe a year and a half two years
probably been two years guys since we
started our movie natural born
pranksters a full-length feature film
and I'm here today I've been it seen
this cut a million times but today is
the first time I'm watching our movie
completed this is the final movie
there's no more changes this is it so
brought in some fresh faces yuca what up
yo No
oh yeah and it's been a long time I
didn't even come tonight Ohio no is
something everybody was asking why
didn't you come destroy my house with
these guys they were still fun like that
houses we're just saying that for the
next time we come we're gonna bring the
food or something really gonna destroy
don't get some fresh eyes in here watch
this movie and uh if you if there's any
editors out there I got to show you this
this is our movie right there that's all
I can show you guys but that is the most
good there's code in your this wicked
timeline break the color it's like a
matrix okay uh-huh what do you guys
think great book it's great oh yeah do
you like it oh yeah oh
yeah he'd never seen it before you can
see some stuff but I think you guys did
a great job I mean has such a huge
variety of styles from big things to
little funny things and just you know
just yeah it's a piece of gold fun thing
to watch it's a core I like that I like
that natural form dangerous piece of
gold that's the new title
piece the poofy gold all right what's
this guy talking about it trying to find
somebody we have no idea where we're at
let's go get waxed oh my god I don't
know if they're open man leave this come
on in boys
happy hour three restaurants all close
at 3:00 you're the only one open why is
it I'm gonna give you a shout-out what
is it - good to go veggie wait wait
we're learning and guru Singh is sketchy
it's all veggie I don't think I've ever
had it's all like what there's me but
it's not me okay it looks like me yes oh
I'm nervous you got to be cool right
hand I'll tell you this
let's get that probably the best
attitude you're awesome we just walk in
here anybody
it's not a real chicken
just taste it it's magic chicken skins
of it's okay for a guy that's never had
a vegan meal what do you recommend but
what if you were trying ever if you were
trying to turn me I'm gonna tell you
everything on here but look when people
try the chicken nuggets oh I love
nothing that it's nice that if it's not
meat then what is it
Oh everything made from a soy mocha okay
so I want that I want that you want you
can move it chill out it's your food in
Ohio or you go there probably do but
it's not a cacophony all right and this
guy's killing people to see you guys are
you serious you know I love coconut
don't you this is an extra fun it's
actually cooking on right yeah I you
guys I actually need to ask you
something
as you may know I lost a serious bat
with my viewers five hundred thousand
likes on my new Frank and I have to blow
up my police car me and think of anybody
better at blowing stuff up then you guys
oh really
so what can we do and how do we do it
what hops is the perfect idea yeah get
the booth yeah so I got chicken nuggets
chicken nuggets and what you can tell us
nothing
it's obvious it's not chicken but look
looks like chicken and as well
it doesn't taste like it is good it's a
whole different plate on it all you know
you guys are not gonna freak him believe
it so I just did a hot just met up with
all the natural born pranksters in the
house I just dropped my you guys know I
just got this camera just dropped it
broke it it won't turn on it's dead so
Kristen just ran out got me a new
replacement camera Thank You boss but I
missed the whole recording so we just
did the intro for our movie and the
movie is done right Gary
done until it's not come on dude keep
coming keep coming up there right but
yeah we wrapped it guys the movie is
done so uh get ready get ready for
Discipline mean what now you got a
giveaway camera I'm really I'm giving
away a pile of broken brand new cameras
basically right it's Back to the Future
day and there's the Lauren so that's the
second one I seen today we're at
Universal City hey guys I'm kicking
myself I miss so much funny blogging
today we had to shoot uh basically we
were all on Mike's doing the intro to
the movie and you'll see once you see
the movie you'll you'll know what I'm
talking about but I dropped my vlogging
as soon as I got there dropped it Brooke
wouldn't come back on so I think I'm
gonna send this one on dang
okay guys warping back to Alex's place
he's got this crazy little helicopter
thing and we were gonna do some
slow-motion video on the vlog cameras
these aren't like fancy slow-motion
cameras this vlog camera Hey he does
like is that what it is yeah he's trying
to land it on him oh he eat dang dude
he's gonna eat that thing Oh Dody we do
a lot of things in this bathroom oh it's
great it looks good you guys know for
slow motion you need a lot of extra
lights we brought up a light we got a
tripod we've actually taken a bath
together in there yeah remember that
a lot of like pictures this is going to
be the very first attempt at hitting my
face with a water balloon alright so
give me a little break I'm not used to
the slow-mo stuff so here we go to be
fun
that was a direct hit that was awesome
are you using warm water this done
no it's still calling for the physical
so it's my turn to throw it out that was
awesome
at least every go yeah the first time I
get you
hey yeah but I also turned I think I
think you're right the direct hit is
really what made it pop but you had the
pop I'm really scared it's so scary you
have no idea no matter what even if
someone's throwing something soft at
your face your mind and your youth
blanch like it's a natural instinct even
if someone like throat like throats or
hand at you without it makes you flinch
I know I did the best I could but in
slo-mo I look ridiculously all right
it's Alex's turn oh holy God we've never
let's do you get pushing with your other
hand and then oh my god you tell me when
all right all right here we go oh my god
it was so last night if I don't make me
feel better about like potentially doing
it again yeah everything's better slo-mo
- you did - I did you oh my god
Oh Hardy boo
dude all right guys I honestly haven't
laughed that hard a long time I was just
dying in there um I hope you enjoyed
even the little bits that we did I know
they're not like perfect slow-mo videos
but they're fun and it's just with the
vlog camera so I'm really impressed with
it
the kids are gonna go nuts over this I
can't wait to see what they come up with
um I'm sure they're gonna want to play
around with it so that's it guys I'm
getting up super early headed home I
can't wait to get home I always enjoy LA
but I love being on with my family so
I'm headed there and that's it guys
thanks for all the love the support and
always throwing that thumbs up for me we
will see you tomorrow I hope that you
guys stuck with the positive thing today
I know it's hard and it's easy to think
of a million reasons not to be positive
it's really easy to be negative it's
really easy to be negative so uh I hope
you're I hope you're working on it we
will see you tomorrow I love you smile
more my best buddy in the whole world
promise okay daddy's gonna be right back
I hate leaving you okay bye guys bye
