hey guys what is up
what's up George it's going on man are
you filming to vlog in here yeah
armytrix and revin here we're getting
rays shoot I hope you guys are having a
great day we should a little video for
our me tricks here this morning as you
guys know if you missed yesterday's vlog
they installed a pretty ba system on my
car I can't wait to just open this thing
up it was dark last night no yeah so
can't really see anything but now we're
broad day like this and we're gonna get
it in the same parking lot where your
grandma got it yeah yeah this is this is
the parking lot actually I don't know
what all these pipes are and stuff these
weren't here when we film that the prank
where we arrested grandma crazy the
technology has gotten so cool so this is
just a simple version of what the app
actually does but you can turn the
exhaust on and off through your phone
like who would have thought yeah you
could use a phone this may be a little
noisy but I want to show you how this
works so click it on and off oh it just
fogged me up
so that is
our boss
just keeps bugging me I'm literally
having so much fun
it's a smile more maker man it's a small
more machine I'm just doing a bunch of
laps for me shoot a cool video for their
YouTube channel
I never want to get out of my car it
sounds spectacular man Wow we got to get
out of here yes officer vamanos thanks
Mel I'm gonna be honest with you like I
don't know much about cars and exhaust
and like I didn't know what to expect
but this is more than I thought it would
be I really did
we're just glad your viewers knew well
enough to Tek call I dated a bunch man
they really did I didn't know I'm
talking I didn't know who you guys were
I swear but I'm so happy with men I'm
having so much fun now you know and they
know all right moving on to the next
project today Todd what's up buddy that
was so everything you guys know if
Todd's here crapped messy look at this
house what did you do look what time it
is is it 3:45 just started at 8:00 he's
3:45 well buddy you already make a
gaming video say hi
he's Dee's busy playing video games you
know the new Oh C nose on my phone using
snapchat why don't you post something
for them because they know I don't post
snapshot I need to okay so here's the
project today
Todd's tearing my house up look at this
dude could you found bigger speakers
live them over oh my god dude don't do
that so we're working on some serious
bum pitch for this living room man like
some serious surround sound look at this
these are the floor speakers we had to
move our Christmas tree over to this
side we set our couch all the way in
remember it was all the way out here now
it's inside which makes sense actually
we can still go over a little bit anyway
we're like chickens with our heads cut
off today we're running ragged we are
about to set up we have what two more
speakers these two these are the old
ones that used to be here what do you
mean what I did
okay so this is what was in the house
before I was quite the upgrade man
that's like what you would have on your
your computer how do you let me see King
enough this all play this oh my gosh
this house is gonna pound or the fish
gonna be mad no they like it here don't
just be bounced around you see a fish
dog super go on the lip the fish still
has superglue but but it's a lot it
doesn't bother it it's gonna come off
shouldn't I mean are you gonna say about
that oh you found a ramp do it hit it
we're gonna parachute off canes games
whoa nice his concentration level dude
that is sick
yeah this games pretty rad this is the
old speaker wire that used to be in the
house we're running brand-new 14 gauge
wire to all these speakers I'm gonna go
down the pole no funny games look at
this house man
listen pull it and it comes loose we're
screwed
yep yeah I know someone needs to make a
montage of all the ridiculous stuff
we've done to this house it's insane how
much we do here alright let's see if we
can find this comes out of here
somewhere I think that's it right there
mr. handyman's here ahh
wait what are you doing what we need job
done right you call Roman Atwood alright
all I needs a drill and stud finder and
I'll run this um speaker wire you see
what happened here there's old wire but
our new speakers are going down here
there's stud we got find it I thought
you already found this stud that's why
there's a real on holes and I hope that
the wire goes so here's what we're doing
right now
ah we're about to go fishing y'all been
fishing before what is that looks like
go go from the what I don't read me it
means I know all this I'm just joking
right
Tom teach you all go to the right now go
to the right side right side no start to
the right good luck there you go there
you go look boom go to the right right
there right there
nothing's there yeah but is that enough
or should we go to this side this one
even the other side see how far over is
go from the laps on the right nope right
a big hole Donny you have not you have
we have approval of water this is it no
no no get this is the spot
Oh oh my gosh you got an insulation yes
that one
oh why don't we move the couch cane
watch we're gonna take this okay this is
oh this how you fish wires we're gonna
put this into the wall and take it all
the way downstairs
hopefully I can't wait till we fail and
you have to explain what happened it
won't mean the first time I failed on
vlog table um there's no like floor in
between yeah that's right yeah there's
insulation in there can be hard you're
like in the insulation paddies fishing
tip money I'll tell you what guys I'm
learning a lot this weekend oh oh dude
I'm learning how to not bring a ladder
down the step Oh as you got it wedged on
the ceiling it's I swear it stunts
it won't go up or down
is what professionals to do this stuff
hey can you take that little orange
piece off or something wait really
oh oh you're scraping up the ceiling
gosh oh my gosh watch out but one day
I'm gonna be good at all this stuff
nobody's gonna believe me Yeah right I
don't believe you you got it maybe we'd
have an obstacle course
okay so we're fishing for wires you have
to bring a wire through the wall
downstairs this is the tricky part I had
no idea dude this is all used no I
drilled the hole that was commitment no
where's the throw up so you have to
pretty much guess which part of the
ceiling your fishing wire is I say you
go to the right this is the old speaker
wire right there
and there's probably and we definitely
went on the right side of the but I
think it's way over here because this is
where the header the rights would be
like this pink pin in there we'd be like
this straight up right yeah I have no
idea what I'm doing I'm Way out of my
league Todd - you're helping if I was
doing this on my own I feel like the
whole house would clap I keep going I
hear it I hear it I'm not even kidding
this has been an all-day prop all day I
went and did the car stuff this morning
and we've been working on this stereo
all that it's like 6:00 p.m. right now
and I bet it'll be nine by the time we
get everything maybe I'm gonna listen to
it yet we should probably make it bigger
hold on we're gonna have to make
multiple police ah here we go
well I like that light yes how are you
even gonna get it in there that's what
she said all for real you just push
right yeah you just keep it up
how close oh come on
well there's some on my floor right
there the worst thing would be if I just
sort of drill up through the carpet we
didn't measure right this is a straight
how-to up to video right now I can't
believe that wasn't recording I just
fell right through that show about eight
swords up there
I'm not reinforcements have arrived dude
we should have done this in the first
place pull up yep just back hold up take
it that way here one fishing hole and we
got it look at a little that hose out of
that whole wall wait that's all right
he's calling us it doesn't matter
all right fine Aspen we got it in the
hole baby thank you
good do you think he's gonna I find you
sometimes it takes a while yeah oh my
can't believe that that is amazing no
here's how uneducated I am in this
category I got the fishing wire down I
was like that's it hook the wire and
then I got down here and realized you
have to find where the wire comes down
you have to line it up that's another
thing you have to drill through the
floor yeah well you don't have to so the
final process is you tie up the final
process is you tape your wire that needs
to come up onto this wire and then you
pull it through let's see if this work
has an investment today and you don't
bring half a wall inside out right is it
all I don't think I got not on the line
there it is got it boom we got
speakerbar baby good job it's it why is
it a lot bigger than the other wire this
is 14 gauge so now we have to find paint
to match that spot and cut that wire out
yeah yeah I want to show you what we've
also done today so here's our receiver
we have no stand for it typically I
guess you would get a nice case or
something right now it's just sitting on
the box but this is really where we're
at today and that wire is gonna go down
under the floor and back up here oh
really
see this boy I got it got it
you put that on here and then plug it in
yeah girl I got these like what the heck
are those for I don't know what this is
that's a subwoofer that's a 15 inch
subwoofer and it's gonna shake the
entire house this is uh this is my
expertise here so I found where there is
no stud I drilled my hole and I'm about
to fish down the wall like we did over
here but what I didn't realize is
directly down is an outlet that's how
you electrocute yourself considering
that's metal yeah and you're fishing
with a metal it's like going out there a
electrical storm with a big bowl yeah
it's sick man that's all I got that's
all I got you got it done here I'll hand
it to you
yeah all right we're gonna try to fish
it anyway I feel like all the power is
is inside the box this is the box so I
can't no you're fine trust me if you
were smart you get some gloves on use
this tape we need to measure the
distance it's already we're dead you
want right pass it man you're so worried
all that for me nothing huh it's not bad
but we can you hear it
all right we got to do nothing who is
famous women have a mixer later and you
just well we add and it's like a big
ball gotta go
you guys pick out what cutouts you want
no you didn't this big tub this is all
the Christmas ones
so there's snowman I think this is
supposed to be Santa you wouldn't do it
way over there okay push down no yeah
that's fine yep and then you place it
right on that piece of paper right there
now yeah should pop out pretty easily
awesome there's your heart I'm going to
put it over here for you
cut another one out nice good job honey
the boys are cutting out cookies very
good what do you got no Christmas
cookies nice ready Kenny and I are gonna
move the car on the garage it's still
spitting out he just wants to hear it
because of the noise now so cool hop in
shut the door here we're gonna pull it
in okay pretty cool hey here we go we're
going all the way inside the garage
it's not loud you have too much here's
I'm not gonna rev it
a little more
you like it I love that he loves us now
he never would get in this car he never
was all he has got cake or cookies all
over my camera look
we need to make your truck sound like
that alright guys we are warping into
the night I didn't tell you last night I
got three hours of sleep total I slept
three hours so I'm hurting like pain I'm
draggin I used to be able to go with no
sleep no problem like I could just crush
it all the time now as I get older I'm
like
I don't want to make any excuses but I
got to cut this off editing tour
supposed to be cool I'm actually
shooting a big video or what am i
shooting tomorrow I'll show you it's
really cool I'm excited about it I'll
take you along it's gonna be here in
Columbus and then LA I'm gone gotta go I
love you guys thanks for everything
that's all I got I'm beat I'm sleep
talking I'm sleep logging right now
let's turn it up for you guys turn it up
we'll see you tomorrow guys I absolutely
love you smile
whoo look at them headlights it looks
scary
look at my farm
