hey guys how are you got my bro over
here we're playing with some just total
destruction and malice playing we're
figuring out which part lies before you
it's the serious stuff this is what
full-grown adults do and the kids just
hang out with us now whenever get like
it's like the radius looking one and
that that one right there that's the car
to go see it lets see it whoa all right
what about the weenie
oh-ho whoa I don't know bro I don't know
it looks stickers just water you gotta
make it in the boat Oh try again you got
this today I actually sent Brittany out
with a vlog camera she's out with her
mother they're doing a bunch of stuff
Dale's working on my internet I've had
tons tons of internet problems along
with a lot of other problems um yeah
just keeps dropping out I got good modem
good everything good in her hat but it
just blows so I wouldn't picked up my
mom all right
I'm gonna try and get my phone fixed cuz
I dropped it and this stupid screen
broke we're gonna go see it's Sunday
this place is crazy busy we just spent
how long trying to park up an hour at
least a half hour trying to park and of
course I brought Clifford so it's even
harder oh he's pulling out it's even
that's a little bit closer right there
see you guys get to come with us today I
meant vlogging forever whoop so guys
hopefully tell me I did a good job today
okay so this is my phone
there's pieces falling out here you can
see and it's frat selfie cameras broken
I need my iPhone thing this one is there
any way to get the screen repair do you
have a backup of your information
wait
we're gonna try and fix my phone so
there might be
everything on it might be see we get our
sweet bags okay so they took my phone
I'm going to be without it like two
hours now might be kind of hard now I'm
just kidding I don't need it now Robin
won't be bugging me with where food is
in the house and random questions will
be loud honey so they are going to fix
it it's going to be two hours and
everything is already backed up so I'm
not going to lose anything okay so you
guys I think know why at the tinted
windows on the truck bond do you know
why no why so no one can see me sing and
dance I would be lying if I told you
guys that I've taken a shower since I
got home I haven't I just finally got my
first shower I felt like a dirt ball
look at my face
this is the longest my facial hair has
ever been on vlog I think I'm gonna
shave since before I went on vacation
this is over a week oh this is the best
that I can do I don't think I'll ever
grow a beard I'll never be able to tell
patchy and why do I share this with you
it's time hey hey hey how was your day
day you got your phone yeah look at it
so much I'm jealous might look at mine I
got a whole a whole chunk missing thanks
for cleaning oh my gosh all the kids
were here like it was disasters up
so what's up buddy nice he was doing it
without his hands but he kept laying it
on his head so I make him use his hands
now
do it that's pretty good so what's up
dude Todd's here working on the tank way
you're on do you always bring a drill um
that's kind of skit so you guys know
Todd he is the guy fully 100% in charge
of this tank and I will show you today
I'm actually gonna set this up for that
can't you see it's just bright blue
looks like crap I will set the camera
I'm going to show you some of the things
that he's gonna do today I think it's
unbelievable okay so it kind of sucks
cuz it's daylight but I can change every
single every single color of this fish
tank this looks a lot better on camera
it just sucks cuz all the glares like I
can see outside my windows right we seen
them dude I like Isis bloggers look are
these our vloggers so it looks a little
better on camera it's still not really
what it looks like but it's pretty nice
nice what are you doing here I'm gonna
get rid of all this coral here man
so what's that you're gonna you're just
gonna break it yeah look look look
what's back there
this corals hiding about here some this
is called fragging right Fraggle Rock
it's uh it's coral control I think I
should cut it all the way back there
basically dude why are you thinking on
coral do that's what you're doing
because I saw basically as your tank
grows the coral grows you have to start
cutting it so that it's not kill
everything that touches kills itself
like it will kill the other corals as
soon as it touches it so oh my gosh it
just took a year and a half to get like
that it was like it wasn't even much
bigger than that the cool thing about
coral is you can cut it anywhere and it
starts a new coral so it doesn't kill it
doesn't even hurt it just starts a new
policy well you I just at least want to
cut back here do you want to see this
coral or not you don't care about him
yeah I do
so you want to see them or not yeah you
want to see them
what are you okay if you cut it up there
and you cut it here what are you gonna
leave me oh my gosh you can see it now
yeah okay I promise you in like two
weeks this will all looks just like that
there you go what you gonna do with it
what I thought you said it tasted good
with mustard like a potato chip take it
more my opponent in one of those buckets
all right so back here what should I do
what do you mean do it sound like
cracking your bones that's like money
yeah that's how much you're gonna make
80 bucks I smell this I sell this for $8
no you do not this is kind of the hard
part of the hobby you see in your coral
getting sniped but we can't clean the
glass anymore because it's touching how
crazy is it that every one of those
pieces turns into a whole new coral
that's money right there he takes all
these little snippets in them cells and
it isn't your game sack so that's
business yeah he brings me over I'll
find stuff so I can't really complain
about it they end up killing each other
see all this white that's death from
this coral because they're touching that
coral is completely grown to this one
pull that up let me see look at that
completely grown around it it's like in
its mouth dang nice looks good what this
would either do this beautiful brain I
just pulled out of Brittany's head
Kane look at this brain
come here you will see what a zombie
brain looks like this is a zombie brain
did how long could this coil be on the
water Todd half an hour really yeah
okay holding water right I can chase
people down the street with this for 20
more minutes I mean it would dry out huh
but you just set it right there on the
ground would be all right it'd be good
for work look how he's gonna leave
what's up hey guys I never seen mama
before I never seen her sober is what he
meant to say he never seen her sober hey
guys what's up just stopped by for a
visit
oh you got mama something on vacation in
you ah what is that is that Momo's Oh
was your two in there it's beautiful
that's a swimsuit swimsuit so what up
with y'all taco night this looks so
freakin good I'm so glad you got
Tomatoes the Todd's all gone I got the
tank all settled we did some real
trimming it's like it's like going to
get a haircut you got a trim up that's
what we did to all the korells today
I'll show you once it settles down it's
a mess right now
are you moving all our old movies over
thanks for letting me wear your necklace
all day he made me put this on guys I'm
gonna go tell Brittany that our
skydiving you guys know we have to go
skydiving because you guys destroyed the
latest prank and it got so many likes I
think was 400,000 likes we have to go
scare them so it did as you guys know so
we have to go skydiving she is terrified
so I'm just going to go tell her that
it's all
like I got it bumped and just see what
she says she may know but she may not
finally what it's all booked booked what
Brittany and I are goons had you booked
it yeah it's all done you know it took
like two hours while I had to work on it
last night too
that was the challenge exactly I didn't
say no I let me go your goal what do you
mean you're gonna make me jump on myself
the poem I like we're going down like
Romeo and Juliet
I think we're in this windy well if I
can go I'll pull you out with so many
hits on one thing so you mean you can't
all you do is fall out then you win it
on the ground no matter what no matter
what you're gonna hit the ground yeah
okay okay come man whoa what that make
you laugh that's Adam Sandler movie I'm
kidding it's not book but we do have to
book it you cannot let these guys down
they did a lot for us you have to jump
out of that plane you just close your
eyes fall back and let it all happen as
long as I can go with an instructor you
have to there is no other option
all right guys I really hate hate hate
hate to do this to you I like to eat eat
eat apples in but dude I got kids song
stuck in my head we have to finish our
night down here in the store do some
work smile more I'm a poet didn't know
it everything I say rhymes with time I
think I could be the best rapper ever
now
but uh guys we uh yeah we got a lot of
work to do I am well I'm not gonna say
it's gonna be a surprise to mom but I
can't say this tomorrow's vlog we're
doing art we're gonna knock these
challenges out we're doing our bathtub
full of ice water oh why are you so
happy about all these challenges oh I
don't I just you know my favorite thing
is you got dragged into all this I
didn't do anything and she has to do all
this it's me that should be doing all
this stuff but it's gonna be funny that
you don't want to go skydiving nobody
wants to see a guy that wants to go
you're no the other challenges how many
was there for I I just shaved the lizard
into my head would you have to dye your
hair first I should dye my hair darker I
already talked to John I have to wait
like little longer let it grow out a
little more to get the legs on there in
the tail pipe or I could do it really
soon that's gonna happen um what else
Isis tomorrow's vlog skydiving lizard
cop car that's it yeah and I think I
think I know what I'm gonna do but I'm
gonna wait to find out I'm not gonna
tell you we love you guys we gotta work
we oh god we gotta work guys we love you
I hate to do this to you but I got in
this blog we will see you tomorrow
fun stuff fun stuff fun stuff I know
this vlogs like wow ah whatever whatever
first day back let's I say you're
writing on somebody's order we love you
guys will see them all don't forget
smile more you're beautiful let's say i
cant ND i don't i don't wanna say
goodbye you hang up no you hang up now
you hang up
you're stopping video i'm not gonna stop
the video yes like pause exit out right
so dough right now bye well that's what
she watching myself um put everybody
have a good time yeah
haha little swimmers little fish canes I
think you got the best of him upside
down man
