hey guys how the heck are you we are out
of here I love you I'll see in a week
I'll see you in like six hours ready
buddy
big adventure mm-hmm let's do it oh no
guys I honestly can't remember the last
time I caught a sunrise leave the fog
and it's just about to come up okay let
me sum this up as quickly and as easy as
possible yesterday we did not know Noah
was going on this trip
resupply it's pretty awesome surprised
but basically what ended up happening
was you know Noah has school he has
responsibilities here and this trip is
kind of last-minute so he was able to go
yesterday we found out he could go which
means we had to change kind of
everything around and knowing I have to
take an entirely different plane on our
trip so it's just me and taking a little
trip together and we're going to meet
the entire family at our final
destination
so hopefully this all works there it is
there's the sunshine all right man you
ready yeah we're gonna have a blast I'm
ready to go
even though Ohio has been beautiful like
way prettier than usual dude good thing
we're not in that line we'd never be
making it alright guys we are waiting
for our flight which we're on time
everything's good dude we made it
no worries we just sit back and relax if
all goes well Brittany and the entire
family are gonna come walking through
here I'll be kinda cool but we're
sitting here now and I are looking at
the stats of the channels look at this
so most subscribed in the last 24 hours
the vlog Channel
number 10 baby the prank channel number
one that's my face red oh my god thank
you guys thank you thank you thank you
we are very excited to take you on a fun
trip this week very excited to have my
boy with me I'm so excited I know this
is my excited face right I think we
should his board I don't think they're
gonna make it we've been waiting on the
family to come through but I think our
flight is gonna leave without us if we
don't get on well we did not get to see
the family they're like two minutes
behind we would so close which way we go
on this one crazy thing is no one I have
to stop in a shorter we have to stop in
Charlotte before we go to our final
destination they got a straight flight
lucky dogs we are like last we waited
forever
of course this seems to be our tradition
okay here we go dude we almost outta
here
there we go
let's see it
whoa that's cool
thank you thanks for being so happy one
flight down one to go
that was fast really fast we got one
more plane to our secret location they
haven't told on the photo should we tell
them
you know it makes the rules guys it's
loud out here
we just never
might better buy that one there right
there I can't fit in there all right
dude it's a little bit of a fix me up
but I think we might be able to save up
for this one some Indiana Jones type
stuff
remember been walking a lot of these
hallways lately yeah our last flight
let's do this let's go have some fun
manases
I'm so excited right now guys this is
going to be a big play
get the stretch out a little bit
what was our seats 1f and one of K
depandi right there he's been holding it
for us thanks boss man well I really
didn't want to have to do this but it's
time to take the Browns to the Super
Bowl oh man there we go here we go it's
time to line it sitting on a mattress by
the time I'm done with it
and then you can even tap out
until this part there we go
this is Noah's first fun first class I
think
ever yeah
Wow pretty awesome you get to eat on the
plane right
so right now we're right above the
Bahamas sorry folks today I will be
going for those be on the right-hand
side book of the Elysium for about 45
minutes or so
we made it we made it not enough for you
one of these is going to get pushed off
here it goes here it goes
this is just a poor design we've
officially made it we skipped a lot of
the fly and here's the thing everybody
landed way before us so Noah and I are
kinda just at the airport I don't know
where we're going I am just paper but
none of our cell phones work is round
we try to get to our hotel it's like I
think there's no lack of taxis here lots
of taxis we surveyed over
um
you ready patronize your append easily
nothing is chaotic
two levels of arrival
two of us and I just got here
go away
his wife or people here
we came on a different flight
thank you sir
ha
leaving us hope it's good in here my man
okay you're the man don't drink the
water
my only bottled water you think we're
going the right way now we're ready to
get to the family they've been here for
two hours they got here two hours before
us
that's expect
and
what do you think did I like it we found
them well half of them how was your trip
down we are they in the room yeah cool
what happened in here hey Noah come here
what do you think of this pool whoa
pretty much falls to you again oh so
glad to see you what's your flight it
was good knowing I had a great time it
was hectic when we got here though oh
yeah we into the I didn't buy here 20
minutes ago I mean really how and a half
before you did dan den dan den dan den
dan dan I'm gonna pull him out by his
feet ah hey did you see the pool oh wow
yeah are you guys ready I'm sorry
kidding come on who do we have Wi-Fi so
the first thing that I have to do is see
if this place has the Internet
I'm sure that if you're seeing this that
means they do but whether it's good or
not I don't know and I have no idea
you said internet cafe $50 for the week
49 bucks for one device you can't add
device it's just for one device and I
don't know how good it is guys that's
the biggest worry I mean these are
worried to not what I get I still get
pimples dude it's that oh cool
baby baby this is my future home right
here build a little spot right here in
the dirt
so we're getting here kind of late
getting everything done why are we here
is my mom's birthday we are bringing my
mom out for her birthday
pretty sweet beach
Brittany and Kane are grabbing something
eat roll
this week is strictly about family
that's all we want to do
are you happy we're here pretty sweet so
lucky nose was able to make it man I
feel so blessed that my whole family
here this this week this is just us and
I'm so happy you guys are here we're
here
could you tell them what no they have to
guess today tomorrow eyes hello that's
all we always do they have salty my lips
are on fire I did eat that jellyfish huh
it was good actually you ladies ready
for a good week yeah yeah mama I think
you got a birthday coming up she's gonna
be 25 and what I dream all my young
viewers are like don't even realise how
good they have it in that Petrino's time
you're so fast
I was just 25 it flies by does fly by
it's painful well I couldn't ask for a
better birthday than to be here with you
guys I know I know I couldn't ask for a
better birthday for you I know okay so
how are we supposed to eat dinner when
all these desserts are up here oh oh
this is the birthday today we're going
to have a little dessert for my dinner
what's she thinking bread
look at these ice cream what is the best
thing up here maybe probably not that
and what does this thing's like a
doughnut doughnut with maple syrup ha ha
I was so shocked little everything like
a muffin oh it's chocolate it's
chocolate
beautiful
so sugar yeah just regular sugar and
creamer we um I want to show you guys we
are we are coming back up to the room
I'm seriously worried about the internet
as well I I'm so worried about that's
always my biggest worry when your job is
the internet you worry about the
internet what the filter mmm that's
probably in that bag we're trying we're
trying to figure out how to make coffee
here Oh
shouldn't that different always oh so
we've come back up into the room uh we
got a great fun week planned and the
vlog should be awesome but I I gotta
show you this this is this is really
funny so this is our room for the whole
family
Roman Brittany Kade no it's actually
perfect we're like sardines in here guys
uh I just gotta stop a second say thank
you from the bottom of my heart my
family uh we we just cannot thank you
enough thanks for coming on this trip
with us thanks for being so patient with
getting a new prank oh I have a new one
that I hope to do here I don't know if
it's gonna work it's not a big scale one
it's just a really fun prank that I know
is gonna make you guys laugh um what
else what else what else we are in a
mystery location some of you already
know there's many hints in this vlog
that I left in there have fun with it um
that's all I got today man thank you
guys so much the prank went crazy all
you guys you're I mean the prank was
good it really it's you guys your
loyalty and your support to this family
we will see you tomorrow we're going
super roll I hope - let me let me just
say something real quickly I know I'm
just just talking here this week is
family week and I hope to record things
that I want to watch ten years from now
20 years to now from now when my kids
are all
up so forgive me if they're not to your
standards I'm really filming for me this
week and for my family I really just
want a memory here so thank you guys for
being a part of this memory we will see
you tomorrow tell me in the comments
where you think we are we love you smile
more love you guys that's awesome
