hey hey guys how the heck are you I hope
you're feeling good I hope today has
been beautiful for you as you know the
prank is up by now and the wait is over
I hope you're enjoying it if you haven't
seen it already it's on the main channel
I had to dust that channel off just so I
can log in and upload that baby I know
it's been a long time and I apologize
for that but just so you know I'm always
working on things you guys you got to
know that I'm always working even if I'm
not uploading a prank I'm working on a
prank so that being said today's vlog is
gonna be a little crazy because I'm sure
you're all ready for behind the scenes
so we're going to start with that I'm
going to show you all behind the scenes
for that prank and let's just go from
there and then I'm gonna mix today in
with this so let's do it I got my bro
here and he's playing some crazy games
hey hey hey Looney Tunes what are you
doing whoa is that a domino that's not a
Lego you guys feeling good you look like
you've been playing hard today the house
holds pretty crazy today it's most of
you know my man Noah is back hey buddy
you are you feeling your thang you
playing Garry's Mod with only scary's
mod what up Owen glowin we're like going
home haha just kidding
we love you dude so yeah guys let's
start off with behind the scenes to this
prank I hope you enjoyed it go smash it
and let's do behind the scenes now
what's up Johnny buddy I got John with
me I got my little racer dude with me I
got the couch ready for you at home
after let's pray Richard I wanted to
take the build that four-wheeler man
well I tell you what I gotta get most of
the credit to my buddy John over there
we had over three solid days over 30
hours in that thing just putting the
electronics and the electronics and
testing in the front end and a few new
tie rods and
you know fixing some things that need to
be done for takeoff and then a pretty
home pretty simple homemade but
effective ramp we open a nice snake on
the ground a way Oh little garter snake
comin coming to watch the action today
you want to go on home so he's good um
yeah so we got the ramp for takeoff on
each trailer on the trailer kinda neat
so we got lots of room and I like I like
how you think these pads are gonna save
the four-wheeler basically we want to
make sure that we can protect whoever's
on this side maybe control and prevent
the direction which is going to go I
expect a major bounce and disappear into
the woods yeah it's gonna be a nice roll
okay so guys I think you're getting the
idea here I got my racer dude with me
we're looking at a use four-wheeler
that's remote control and a pretty sweet
ramp we're hoping to get about 25 foot
lifts and probably about a 15-foot end
point this one is about 4 inches taller
to match you like to remote which is the
first things I've ever seen one done
like this it's so cool and I probably
get orders for nikah this is next level
right here how you doing over here buddy
don't get me good I'm quality for this
man I know how to dress I've just
learned to dress myself not too long
this this is good every time you go to
the costume store you're playing a prank
it's not like I mean you you want to
give your kid nice things but it's also
you know to give your viewers nice guys
I'm sorry you've waited so long for a
prank but these are the type of things
I'm always working on them trust me I'm
not not doing it like I'm working leave
this
it's Ghost Rider Ghost Rider dude okay
slip your boots off zip your boots off
racer dude you ready to do this up push
little green button and push up there
you go another camera come on
you open this hey maybe we let you film
it Caine and we put John in the stunt
double suit yeah yeah you just get the
horse on there there be good stunt
double for me wireless mic yeah okay
okay they're doing a little test pop
basically when the four-wheeler ramps
we're gonna have a giant explosion but
this is just a little test ground popper
I still wanna plug our ears
final hold your ears Oh like a big
firecracker
do you like it that was cool yeah my mic
bag no so this is a first time ever
every time I film pranks you got to
check the audio cane is all the way out
here talking to me say something say hi
sounds good it sounds great buddy sound
tech cane sound tech cane it's got to
make sure no matter where we are in this
area uh we're not gonna have static or
pop so one shot one shot one opportunity
do not miss it don't don't
that's how some girls don't know her
he's don't I just want spaghetti but I
don't want it to end up on my mom's yeah
I didn't sure mom yes mom sure as we
said yeah I didn't see the movie there's
so many things going on here I really
need to quit using this camera and focus
on the prank John drove today don't you
think we would hook the truck if we were
buying a four-wheeler boater you were
gonna go look at one and you're gonna
make it felt sound like you fell in love
with it so she has to bring it now or
it's not going to be at the
basically all right guys we will see you
soon
ah that's it ah did I miss her yes I did
Brittany's going to pick up a bunch of
pizza and food for us I know you guys
usually like to watch my failed intros I
shot so many intros for that prank I'm
going to put a few in here um it was
really hard because I had to explain to
you guys that Brittany was coming with
the truck to pick up the four-wheeler
and I just couldn't get it out so excuse
me
so here's some intros from the prank I
got you
hey guys today my girlfriend thinks that
our three-year-old son and I are here to
buy a new four-wheeler
hey guys today might hey guys today my
girlfriend thinks that our
three-year-old son and I are here to
look at a used four-wheeler when she
comes to get mmm
hey guys today I'm at a buddy's house
looking at a used for Lou hey guys today
I'm at a buddy's house looking at a used
for a four-wheeler with my
three-year-old son Brittany is not gonna
be speaking to me for a while are you
really mad be mad at these guys they're
the ones that did it
she is so y'all we weren't here she's
genuinely upset at me
since the prank it's been about a half
hour
let's be
good job man you hit that blast exactly
on cue you work teamwork makes the dream
work
let's check this up this is the
aftermath how did it move the mat and
then continued I did not explode I had
to get a double of everything that's
Cain's exact helmet but double yo it's
awesome back here it's still smoky - I
can't believe the quad is intact I'm
still trying to figure out how it landed
on its wheels and continued its hey it's
fully remote control you're so mad you
can't pretend to blow up people people
you guys I promise you this that I know
it's been a long time since I put up a
prank but I put so much time and work
into this one oh it just went
unbelievable look leave this that's
probably a half hour ago it's still oh
my god
she's never seen Britney mad at me like
this ever
like I'm that's crazy is that you put
out fires gained
and make sure he's put a little on her
she's still pretty hot really curious I
had a GoPro underneath the explosion I'm
really curious see what that looks like
probably just that they probably just
got dusted I don't know
well guys um you're not as mad as you
were oh my gosh um today guys this was a
as I keep saying this is a huge work a
whole other I'm speechless right I
haven't talked this is a huge project
that I put myself into with a bunch of
guys that build all this stuff
electricians and guys didn't know how to
blow things up
that guy actually is the same guy that
blew up grandma's car I think anybody's
ever seen me like this
I'm just rating
I'm sorry I'm laughing I'm just I know
like a few hours or tomorrow you're
gonna laugh really long guys
I'm so funny it's so funny guys
hilarious
John ended up having to leave so now I
have a really uncomfortable ride home I
was supposed to I would have rode with
John and it would have been normal it's
like breaking up with a girl in an
elevator and having to ride the rest of
the way down
have you heard the stories like a guy
proposes on a hot-air balloon
and she says no imagine I imagine how
awkward the whole ride down air balloon
is completely different than the
ohmmeter
they both go up and down that's it
that's all they do it's a suit my tango
seek with me I want you guys to
understand that even when I'm not
uploading pranks I'm working on them
like I'm not not doing it's just they
take so long there's no way to speed it
up and I would've gave it totally up if
I blogged anything but you're flogging
hey hey you're also don't know why
you've been tanning what did you that
was earlier
haha BLT breadsticks what is it
Mexican that's Mexican pizza ty type
it's I've never had this before and your
classic cheese pepperoni you want to try
this yeah
they'll put the games away eat I'm
almost done no uh yo here's one new
fireworks then do some fireworks come on
I got parachute ones whoever catches a
parachute gets a dollar
ya need some shoe parachutes come here
can some parachutes okay let's let's go
we gotta hurry it's getting dark
remember these I made the gun out of ah
no shooting did you do I made a gun out
of it yeah it was awesome hopefully it's
not too dark
okay so these guys have parachutes in
them and the kids are gonna try to catch
them here we go here we go
you guys ready get ready
there is go get him get it run Oh
awesome
oh there's a bunch of um you got enough
you caught it yeah well no it found them
I got it but I shot this whole play oh
okay
robo-moe run boys gun there you go
that's awesome
cool
come on run out here go go go
no one's going far huh it's not aware
I'm out there as it is I don't know
maybe I think it just had that one they
were face to face they were right under
Luna sight maybe that guy cuz that one
has everything all over oh oh
he was the winner okay let's see if we
can ramp you ready
get the tank ramp oh he's just mad
all right guys kind of Ditton in the
vlog last night we list some fireworks
and then came in and just chilled I want
to personally thank you guys for all the
love and support on these videos not
just the vlogs but the new prank I think
we set a record I honestly do I think I
saw the videos at a million views in
like two and a half hours which to me I
know you guys can't see it I think
YouTube freezes it's frozen but in my
analytics I can see the exact number of
views and dude I can't think you guys
are not you guys are awesome thanks for
the support we will try to keep it calm
and try to keep up Coleman you guys know
we're getting up super early in the
morning to head out of the country we're
out of it whole family
everybody kids the moms and dads the
brother everyone we're gonna have a
blast guys we love you so much can't
wait to take you on a fun trip we will
see you tomorrow thanks for everything
smile more guys I love you by the way it
looks like we're probably going to be
doing all those like challenges
Oh
