today is officially my big boys 10th
birthday
one-zero double digits I can't imagine
somebody today
upside-down bedtime hugs
Jays fans
buddy
yes I got your I got a letter in right
there pretty great for your name Noah
you like it yeah you got your and star
came you love it I did it just for you
man after nearly four long months
without filming Noah
I'm so happy to tell you guys now he's
back know was bad
No
are you happy cane I'll save ya
I'll save ya oh you want me to do it to
you yeah ready
hey cane did you show mommy your do it
he learned this today do it do it
straight it was really good though I'm
not sure that you guys realize what this
means to me and to us we are back
together like a team
did you miss everybody yes well I think
some people missed you man
I think you but I think you about broke
the Internet okay so of course the day
Noah returns he's bailing he's going to
a friend's house look at these two
monsters he has though been waiting to
spend the night at his best buddies
house so that's what they're doing
tonight we're gonna miss you did Britt
and I have to go Alice babies do happens
these two canes been a bit of an for the
last few days Brittany and I have to run
out you guys know we make Monday for our
big family trip who remembers who
remembers cute cane who remembers who
remembers when cane is just a cute oh we
love you so much paint already went to
sleep so we're good we're good we don't
have to worry about Kane I hope you guys
are excited as we are to have our family
just back together in these videos we
have so many things planned and so many
cool things that we can finally do as a
family and just and just bring that
world back to life things that we used
to do together
be a family I'm so excited
that being said Noah had plans with his
best friend on the day he comes back so
he's gonna stay with him it's all good
we have a big weekend ahead of us
that all being said guys the next time
you see me will be the prank prank going
up Sunday between 12:00 and 1:00 p.m.
Eastern Time and I'm just asking for all
your love possible I know what you guys
are capable of I know how powerful you
are I want to see you guys destroy this
video so please put it everywhere put it
on Facebook I will be I will be doing
like a thousand follows free on Twitter
and follow as many people as I can just
share this prank and let's let's just
smash it
holy moly you could fit in that you can
eat we had to come in and find a new
suitcase we have beat us to death you
guys know that they take a lot of trips
especially to LA and back they do beat
up man the wheels fall off and break and
we have had it a long time looks pretty
cute I like it Kane looks cuter
so if we travel you think he's gonna be
able to fit in here they're not gonna
complain about it because I read the
label it seems like it would be alright
Kane you're gonna be all fit in there
you can pin this on okay we just give
you some snacks and a gameboy
okay we left with some suitcases why you
tired you know I'm a long night I was up
what time did I come to bed last night
for something in the morning getting
that man I'm so close on this frigging
break
I guess sleepless I so dumb I am getting
so anxious guys I know you're tired of
waiting you've waited forever on a prank
again but these guys gonna love this
prank do you think they're gonna hate it
well it used to be on my team
well I got some really good news really
good news Kane's definitely gonna fit in
the suitcase like no problem at all are
you gonna be comfortable in that no
maybe we try the red one that is
hilarious dude alright guys so this is
the part of the night where I'm gonna
get this crap done the next time you see
me will be the prank and I'm asking you
guys to destroy it I know you will but I
want to have some fun with this
yesterday I told you what should the
goal be for this prank and what should I
have to do so we went through the
comments Brittany's gonna join in on a
couple of these and here we go we're
gonna start small because I know you
guys will destroy it so 200,000 likes on
the new prank I shaved the lizard into
my head a full lizard with legs arms
tail everything a full shave job we
think of that I think maybe I think
you'd have to darken your hair you have
to dye it
you have to dye it and shave a lizard
into my head yeah I think it'd be
awesome but we're starting small that's
the little one cuz I know you guys you
guys do that almost the price 300,000
likes on the new prank Britney and I
both will do it
separately we have to fill our entire
giant bathtub with ice water
wait that's 300 yeah I thought that was
like 500 and we have to go under it and
we for whoever can do it the longest so
you don't win anything you have to do it
because they made you do it if you guys
can get 400,000 likes on the new prank
Britney and I both have to go skydiving
what would you do it no you have to know
if you guys get it I will make her go
skydiving with me I'd have to do it too
it's not just you I'm nervous about that
one I don't know what yeah I don't know
what to expect
500,000 likes we blow up my police car
it's sitting out there I want to do not
just blow it up we're gonna do something
fun with it like maybe set up a big ramp
I don't know we're gonna do something
cool with it
we're gonna explode it destroy it cop
car gone is there like a like a time
frame though can't be the life of the
video and that's got to be like within
you know 48 hours or 48 hours okay
you've got 48 hours remember I won't see
you again until you watch the prank so
I'm counting on you guys to smash this
when it goes up Sunday you got 48 hours
to hit any of these goals I love you
guys so much I hope you're ready to have
the family back the whole Atwood family
back and enjoy the new prank now see you
tomorrow
don't forget to smile more you're
awesome you're beautiful I want to see
your power this week guys I love you
smile more you're gonna shoot oh shoot
them all right being nice
alright guys we will see you Sunday yeah
love yes mama
how did you do that
