what's up guys good I'm gonna say good
morning I haven't started a vlog this
earlier a long time I'm taking my boy
Noah to school are you ready to start
your day
sure it's like nasty rainy clouds
feeling pretty good just I don't think
I'm awake I literally think I'm sleep
driving vlogging taking you to school
slash longer back to bed now
alright buddy I love you more than
anything I have an awesome day
thanks you positive positive thoughts
only oh yeah you know the rules ok I
love you I love you see you soon
ok so I dropped no off at school and my
buddy Jerry calls me he's like yo do you
have time to come in and test a silent
shotgun like a shotgun with a suppressor
this bad is I want to go back to sleep I
was like yeah let's do that to give you
guys an idea how quick I got up this
morning I'm wearing jeans that I haven't
worn for month like I don't even know
where these came from
in my old Nike Air Max these are
probably two years old or year old I
don't know what's up man good morning
you do the Big Dawg yeah Clifford
so uh I got here before the doors and
okay I've got so much worked on this
morning it's going off it's crazy when
you get up you actually get things done
alright so Jerry got me out here bright
and early what do we got here man what
are we doing we're gonna see the true
difference in salvos new 12-gauge
suppressor
I got an 870 right here we're going to
shoot a 3-inch slug through it
unsuppressed I'm going to just check and
see if there really is a difference in
between I wish I wish my camera had a
bet this is just a little camera but
hopefully the audio look at this thing
it's like carrying around a telephone
pole now and yeah that's that's a
semi-auto
running ten 1,100 with the salvo on it
so what we're going to do is we're going
to run unsuppressed then we're going to
run it suppressed and we're going to
find out if it really does fight it down
or not huh Gerry's my cameraman today so
here's where I'm going start with an
unsuppressed and let's just hear it
hopefully my camera picks up you know a
good amount
I pull his ears on
oh you remember
all right let's listen to it
pretty darn loud right here we go
definitely update I mean if they're loud
no matter what you can't get away from
the noise but there's a huge huge
difference you want to hear from back
here probably still sounds like a cannon
on this camera but guys you got to do it
you got to get up you got to live it
I'm looking at you right now you um
promise you that if you don't get up and
just make those first steps to doing
what you want to do and what you love to
do what you're passionate about what you
find in your heart that drives you
towards this thing it's not going to
happen we have to get up and do it I
promise you that the first steps you
have to do now maybe a lot of its going
to come naturally because of those steps
but those first steps you've got to do
man
I'm telling you guys quit wasting on
start really small don't worry about it
being a success tomorrow just start
small and work your way up part of the
fun is climbing that ladder part of the
fun and doing what you want to do is
climbing up you know what I mean like if
you were all the way at the top there's
only one place to go
that's down so the fun part is just
getting there like I don't think I would
ever want to consider myself at the top
of anything I think half the fun and
your motivation comes from wanting to
get there and that climb and and the
failures and the Falls and going back
and forth I mean that is the fun that's
the challenge challenges our heart we
so I encourage you guys without without
ranting too much in this blog to get up
take those little steps don't worry
about going huge more big and I need all
this money to start no just make those
steps forward I promise you there's
going to be a good thing nothing bad can
happen I'm going to start this vlog with
some motivations in positivity and and
smile more baby you guys know how I work
and how I push you guys I want you to be
motivated when watching floors
I want you to I want you to stop
watching this vlog and be like damn I'm
ready to go like that's what I want and
if you're trying to sleep I'm sorry I
don't wanna pump you up too much thank
you
hard body tacos well something I always
get you with your mouth full of food
morphing back home Britt made some time
now I'm sure you've eating sorry your
mouth boy every time I turn the camera
hey buddy how's my man it's like
Christmas mode Britt's got Christmas
music on it is you guys ready are you
guys ready
Cheers what happened I didn't even
realize what happened how'd you get a
hold of a tortilla oh you need to bite a
mouth into it oh boy a piece we got it
I'm hurt
yo we have an emergency situation here
okay let me give you the lowdown so it's
very common to superglue corals so see
this little coral without super glued or
just blow around the tank it'll go
behind the rock and die so todd has been
here superglue and little pieces of
coral on the tank but the first why
don't you tell them what happened oh
I've never seen that happen ever
oh so how's the superglue has come off
somehow and that hang on I gotta get
better lighting here somehow it's glued
Dory's it's stuck the dories teeth what
do we do
oh he usually comes to me but he's
probably freaking out oh yeah he's got
super glue stuck in his mouth where your
cleaner sure man they just cleaned that
right off
they don't want nothing to do with it
crazy thing is the fish is still eating
fine what it's almost off oh my gosh
it's almost off it's oh she's trying
well don't eat it there's a net look
he's trying to eat the glue again oh
that little rasps they're not gonna eat
that glued or any finger they think they
think oh man so have no idea what to do
fish seems fine but it's got glue stuck
to it
they have little teeth right in the
front and it wants the blue route the
fish bid on it and I've blurred to its
tooth we're still eating fine which is
weird
I said that's never happen I believe I
mean what's the odd all right fish
experts what do we do I imagine it will
just come off by itself right it doesn't
seem to bother it too bad I'm the one
that kind of looks like him there's the
spot on him man what are we gonna do on
this beautiful day honey whoa have some
hot coffee hot cup I've already had
coffee today you might wanna add a milk
I made it strong where's my little boy
what are you watching wanted me for are
you about to do some coloring we don't
know what to do we're about to make our
puppets where they show I'll pop it well
you're gonna make a puppet I gotta see
that we make me a puppet whoa oh please
I just want to poop it so bad
okay guys we're gonna try something
never tried before trying to pulling up
the screen it's just so much heat done
we're gonna try something never done
before and that is the whisper challenge
we believe that Joe sugg came up with
this idea I'm I'm almost positive that
he came up with this so Joe we're gonna
try your challenge I think it's super
funny everyone on the Internet's done it
yeah I'm sure it's no surprise yeah I'm
sure that you guys aren't like I've
never seen this before I'm sure you've
seen is we're gonna do our own little
take on it Britney and I both wrote down
some our own synthesis
is she has to guess what I'm saying
while listening to rock music Santa and
I chose some 41 because it just rough
huh are you ready Wow
so I'm gonna read my first line she has
to guess what I'm saying you guys will
be here you want to go first okay yes
and I can hear me okay you ready this is
so funny
hi kandi smells like chicken you have
for me more lives so hard what my god
you guys know what I said huh yeah don't
look at me this is impossible I did yet
how do people get this what ready
wait
kandi smells like chicken parts Kate
sounds like chicken parts close close
close kandi smells like chicken parts a
smell like chicken parts kandi smells
like chicken what you're yelling so uh
oh yeah I hear you like mustard in your
salad I like my best getting salad good
again I hear you like mustard in your
salad I hear you like mustard in your
salad I love pictures and salads that's
like you're saying what was it I hear
you like mustard in yourself
Oh close that's sore I do another okay
you spit too much time in the bathroom
you left your chapstick in the bathroom
you spend too much time in the bathroom
you clogged up the bathroom oh it's so
hard in the bathroom so DN you spend too
much time you smash the tub but it's so
hard you spend too much time in the
bathroom you
Smit you smudge the chapstick in the
bathroom I saw your set you you then too
much much on the bathroom the music
stopped I couldn't help it
can I eat a dinosaur dinosaur Sara sword
there is the word and I a dinosaur
can I eat a dinosaur yes oh my god you
smell like a big bag of dog hair you
smell like peanut butter jello you smell
like a big bag of dog hair
you smell like bastard hair what are you
saying you smell like a big bag of dog
hair
you smell like mcmaster hair you smell
like a big bag of dog hair peanut butter
jar hair I don't know what she's saying
mmm you smell like a big bag of dog hair
big Mack from Target you smell like a
big knife from Target probably better
huh Betty my even close not really oh my
gosh uh
it's so hard say it nice and clear you
smell you smell like a big bag of dog
hair big bar jello you smell like a big
bag of dog hair what the heck you smell
like a Big Mac of jar back of jell-o big
bag of dog hair big bag of jar hair huh
big bag of dog hair big bag of dog hair
yeah mega dog here I knew it the whole
time you are a super-duper pooper
you are SuperDuper duper there's no way
good right right yeah oh my god that's
mean any time you love when strangers
lick your shirt
you love wishes sire sauce and something
else I don't know yes you love when
strangers like your shirt
The Grinch of stole Christmas I suck why
when strangers washer and dryer when
strangers like your shirt Westchester
says something Worcester West your
washer Wes well when we when well when
when oh yeah love when strangers lick
your shirt you love Westchester shirts
you love when strangers lick your shirt
hahaha you love when strangers lick your
shirt that's it
hi I heard strangers on the song stop Oh
guys so typical I really I mean you're
good at it though are you get him right
all right try this one maybe when you
talk to me I just let your lips I do
move my lips a lot I used to be a dental
assistant so I watch people's mouths
more than I think most people did oh
she's got all the tricks okay you forgot
to park my pickle wait you forgot to
park my pickle you forgot to put my
pants oh you forgot to park my pickle
you forgot my pickle close really close
am i close
yeah you forgot to park my pickle
you forgot to park my vehicle yeah oh my
god I think you I think you have it like
a real skill at this I think you do on
to professional whisper challenge er
whisper chawla Bolton just lip reader
I'm a professional yeah that might be a
thing
do you like pickled peppers on a paper
plate I like pickled peppers on a
pickled plate
I like pickled peppers on a paper plate
good enough really
it was do you but yeah how do we both
put pickles in it that's what I was just
thinking wow we love pickles
I'm so happy you can't hear me I'm sorry
can't hear me I'm done I quit Roman is
definitely winning Roman Roman has
definitely won this game
bubbles ribbons definitely give her pose
ha ha ha I wasn't it oh there's
definitely old potato salad there's
seven old metallica in the fridge yes
there's definitely old potato salad in
the fridge Oh piece of salad in the
fridge there's definitely definitely old
potato salad in the fridge potato salad
in the fridge it really I'll get better
please lock up my sweaty pants police
cars and rubber bands please please lock
up my sweaty pants Pete what police
clogs and rubber bands
please lock up my sweaty pants please
clawing up my pants please heart I heard
please flog no all right let me sit
please lock up my sweaty pants please
clog up my Twitter pass please lock
you I'm so far off on my thing clothes
no I got clogged yes
there's no clog what this game is rigged
please lock up my sweaty pants
Twitter's in there oh my god please lock
up my sweaty pants please lock up my
Twitter pants
I keep hearing Twitter please lock up my
sweaty pants please lock up my
sweatpants you got it yeah what was it
sweaty pants oh okay and we 39 drive is
that a hamster in your car seat there's
a hamster in your closet closes is that
is that a hamster in your car seat
there's a hamstring your clogs is is
that a hamster in your car seat is a
hamster in your car seat in your closet
car seat car seat car seat yes the
hamster in your Kazi get their hands in
your clock car seat most people get
germs from Disneyland's apple pies most
people shop for apple pie clothes really
most people get germs from Disneyland's
apple pie
I'll just read a book most people can't
shop for seeds in their apple pie
most people get germs from Disneyland's
apple pie most people get disease from
chips in their apple pie this is so hard
germs what huh germs carseats
germs chirps germs Trump's jerk whoops
germs it's a trick germs
chirps there's no word that uses that
lip movement and the whole dictionary
germs Oh germs it's something chirp
chirp
germs germs chirp man wait I want to do
unto you guys all right this is an old
one remember this one like this is back
like back in elementary school okay
ready what am I saying
does it look like I love you it's
elephant shoo elephant look over at
somebody in class around me like it
looks exactly like I love you that was
fun I really like him so far I think I
still wanna what do you guys think you
won I think you got this I think you got
this it was messy I don't think there's
any Roman Atwood one in the compass they
just really just like me really I wish
you know okay so we brought out some old
fan mail
we found some boxes that are actually
older than the newer fan mail suite we
got that came just ripped open like four
boxes so I'm trying to figure out which
ones he open and who sent what so
forgive me I'm trying to find a couple
of letters who's this one from this one
this box is from Eric and his girlfriend
look at this box
look at that Canada's cool yeah whoohoo
which one's yours Kane
good job no off to set those aside
I mean Avery that's actually pretty rare
what is going on with these cool boxes
oh this is gonna say smile more I see so
they sent these cool light up boxes and
you can spin it yeah oh that is cool hey
I love that what mine is yes your
finance oh yeah let me turn the light
back on you got it and I got a shark on
whoa what the heck are these things
how'd you guys open it nope that's
Noah's we're gonna save that for him
okay there's a really cool and he made
these he made these with his own 3d
printer they're unbelievable so unique I
freaking love you guys you're so
creative
I know you can't read this yet so your
dad or mom will be reading this for you
just wanna say enjoy the Ironman Mario
and smile more cube he does definitely
you have to put it back in the box
Gary calls Carrie Carl set his class
project which was a little smile mark
lot it's kind of cool
I'll put it in a smile more store for
sure I'm trying to find letters for this
stuff somebody sent puzzles it could be
little hurricane went through here
really fast this is one of the boxes
pain had already opened and he got this
Hot Wheels the monster truck track in
each each item in here is individually
Christmas wrap who's that one to can is
that mommy oh this is this is mommy oh
this is Noah's Noah's gonna have his own
little pile more sprinkles just what we
need
well these are really guys got start
sending new drawers for sprinkles you
gonna rip it open for me it's a picture
of me made up of other pictures that's
cool do you like it you don't know
what's the thing you don't even care
Ukraine candy candy from Ukraine you on
trial on how about a Johnny knocker a
Crocker Ajay Crocker getting giving you
InFocus what's it taste like Kit Kat no
like a Nutter Butter mmm is it like like
father like son a chocolate hits us hard
good oh yeah
Alex sent you that Hot Wheels track all
this candy that picture
her and mommies sprinkles and he says
don't forget to smile more literally I
don't promote this oh my gosh that's
just this you guys know Britney collects
sprinkles somebody sent her pounds and
pounds and pounds of sprinkles August
Rosedale you can snug there in a sealed
bag they're just roaring or shoot like a
185 pounds 25 pounds of sprinkles he got
the scare hole what are you doing a.m.
August Rosedale sent the most wrinkles
rcer reaction oh he got I think we got a
reaction sweaters falling out of the box
when we got it do it again yeah yeah you
yeah
no you do it if it wasn't so wasteful
would totally dump those on you guys
right now
so we're trying to only open mail to
either address the cane or just us
tonight but some stuff has no we don't
know it tonight so it's kind of hard to
do mail and actually we don't usually do
it without him
but cane he just started it's there
Akane oh we were supposed to laughing
when we did have Noah but it just got so
late yeah this is cool
that's alright well said there's a
couple things just for him they don't
have when he gets here which will be
awesome I can tell some of these are
older boxes cuz you guys are still
sending swedish fish I guarantee I have
the largest collections he just pitched
in the world this is from Ryan from
Flower Mound is this flower mountain
flower mound or flower mountain look at
this ring he says friends went went went
black black black black wash all this is
for me yeah his friends all
kyoool California wanted to say that I
love your blog so much I run a cell
phone accessory online store and a
weekend flea market you sent the whole
store oh my gosh we were complaint I
know what this is from
I know this is from this one time in the
vlog I said like I was buying a bunch of
charge I said our charges always
disappear somebody sent us a whole box
of chargers we should put this in the
guest bedroom and anybody every single
look at this it's just one USB - all of
these that's genius fishing kit fishing
worms but get this little fishing kit
cane this is awesome you know what we
can do our picture we've been wanting to
do it's set for left hand you can switch
it to right
oh this pops up I was gonna say it's so
crooked girl I used to fish all the time
me and my brother used to fish all the
time we grew up fish and then I haven't
done it forever last time I did it was
with my dad on the river and he said
sweetie he's a sweet corn to catch fish
Thank You Isaiah for the fish and stuff
man you know what Cain and I've been
wanting to do this funny picture and I
was like we need a little fishing pole
and stuff so yeah you put hooks in them
and you cast them out from Brian here we
go please put and blog oh love the
painting I love it it makes me happy
I do I love you guys start work please
send more artwork I'm pretty good with
them scissors boy this is how he opened
the fan mail very quickly very cool guys
I can't believe how far you go out of
your way
to send us stuff like all this new toys
and stuff it's crazy
please honestly I love the artwork the
most like you guys got my kids so much
toys I don't know what to say I don't
even know how I get them Christmas gifts
I know what am I gonna do you guys are
too long and you guys are just too
awesome thank you forever everything
said 25 pound bag of sprinkles
everything custom like I'm from Jeff
what is this King can you open it for me
it's like a big big picture or something
please put in this blog this is cool you
make this light oh that's what he's
holding right man you are living it up
in here you got your oh the whole
ceiling says Kane you got a movie on an
iPad your light up how many times of us
knees in a vlog give me a little rascal
daddy's spot haha we switch sides
yeah wow this is oh there's so much
space without Kane in our bed Oh guys
thank you for hanging out today we up so
mad Allen nobodies Who am I kidding Who
am I kidding
guys thank you so much for hanging
around today if you're still watching
thank you I know this was pretty long I
think um hopefully Oh try for a long
yeah but a lot of people like new long
blogs no longer we're just doing what
we're doing guys these kids never go in
bed you need to get tired guys anyway
thanks for hanging out with us what is
that a men oh make me do the Heimlich oh
it makes my stomach nauseous what me
doing that
yeah choking is not cool Jerry the worst
is when you have a baby they all choke
they don't add eat every every single
kid I've ever had all two of them so
scary anyway guys we're get off track
thank you for watching thanks for
hanging out if you actually watched all
the way to this part of this vlog thank
you so much um whoever you want our
little challenge tonight who won that
challenge I want that challenge tell us
in the comments guys we love you so much
we will see you tomorrow thanks for all
the support and love smile more just
beautiful all right guys we decided outs
out of the house I want to let you know
what it's like for us as a family to
decide on what we want for dinner
it easily but it was a bad idea he
wanted soap up he is nobody even eats
that what's so funny I see no it's just
