hey hey God hey hey guys how the heck
are you we are headed to the dentist
my buddy put you just not putting your
shoes on should have a very nice long
vlog for you today
it's beautiful out the trees are
changing colors the fall is happening
look at all the color
hey really don't do that I love the
dynast it's my man scuffle you want to
run in with mommy yeah okay come on all
right let's see if we mister come on
you open that door for me please
he misses you mom give me my keys let me
see that I am that hand hmm like you got
both hands mom I can hear you jingling
he's worried about you
hey we're gonna go get pancakes and
sausage oh hey don't you go dying on me
he's like I'm not leaving mom hey Google
good breakfast with me I'll get you five
thousand pancakes and a semi-truck you
want five thousand pancakes do you want
five eggs I would just want yeah you're
so easy to please let's go you roll all
my chapstick out
you finally got Kane out of the I never
seen like so attached to mommy today
finally got out we're gonna go get
breakfast while she's getting her teeth
clean and we'll go back and pick her up
okay yeah and then you're gonna be you
mean you want to get your teeth cleaned
okay let's do it
do we got this awesome sunshine today
what should we do we should definitely
take advantage of it King beat me once
twice daddy won that one
are you hungry you're not hungry cuz
daddy just ordered a dump truck full of
food like a whole still accurate no
we're gonna eat and then for dessert for
dessert
and you've got a Tutsi role on standby
that's too much butter can you spread it
on okay there's no way we can eat all
this food not just spread it
there you go get all over
so modest with it I ate too much
you gotta pick me up me carry me can you
pick me up what oh oh my gosh you got me
you got oh you got me I got you okay
okay guys crazy story so we were just at
the dentist
picking up Britt Cain actually got his
teeth cleaned and I missed the whole
thing because I got out of the car drop
my Brent like how long am i had this
when we were in LA
brand-new basically dropped it crushed
it won't even come on
basically I missed all of Kings Dennis
stuff he did so good he wouldn't got his
teeth clean show me your teeth look at
them pearly whites so I've got this
camera on backup forgive me if there's a
little blurriness today it is my old
blurry camera so here we go we didn't
mean to intrude mama what's wrong don't
don't give me no attitude this this is
what you're struggling with you give up
so easy to know I've been does handyman
need to stop by do I need to call him
yeah this house is obviously a madhouse
we got to get out of here how long you
guys gonna be here what's it doing it's
going in the recovery mode
yeah I just want to put it out of his
misery so that's like when you step on a
bug on accidents later you just want to
kill it yeah this sounds good right I
was so excited like I thought I fixed it
should've known you're not the best
fixing I fixed your life all right so
after removing the whole front of the
camera on accident with the screwdriver
it's on it's completely on it I think
it's working it's focusing everything
the only thing is if I turn it off it's
like super commitment I think it's game
over ready let's just see not bad all
right now doc let's not be negative here
but the thought is that she did it on
her own guys smile more
peekaboo yo I was just sitting here
getting gas and I saw
breaking the whole world like did you
see her did you
okay so we're running out real quick we
were supposed to do this on the way home
but my blog camera broke all the way
home got this camera we are going to
Grandma and Rhonda are there duck why do
we call her dumb is it weird that we
call her duck maman we're gonna play an
old-fashioned prank on him you've
probably seen this prank before we
didn't come up with this prank but I
think it's the perfect thing to do to
them we're gonna take the old Windex
bottle and empty it out fill it with
blue Gatorade and then I'm gonna drink
the Windex I would imagine that at least
duck is gonna freak out grandma it's so
hard to get a reaction out of her well
you're gonna be sick
junk Winx so like I got you guys okay so
we're gonna play a little gag on today
hopefully there's still there when we
get back that's why in the vlog I said
how long you gonna be here she said
they're gonna be there how did I guess
you would want this they should make one
that seats like thirty kids a whole bus
oh I got two colors thinking we could
make some it'd be about the color you
know the color Windex that well yeah I
think this is it in between really yeah
all right I'm not gonna argue with you
but that's pretty amazing that you know
that huh mommy there's something chasing
me something chasing me we're back home
the ladies are out there yeah they're
not they're not gonna be like that's not
the blue bag I just forgot how to film
it
I can't rap you're out of coma if you're
just filming again this thumbs up oh my
god it looks just so you bring them in
here okay ask me something about
whatever it was asking did we
for the trashcans whatever and then I'll
take this out the brochure yeah
when they come out but you don't really
smell good oh my god let me make sure
it's against them Brittany just took
them back there
Windex GoPro I don't know how this is
gonna work all right well you see the
girl yeah get you guys Windex you've
been complaining that you haven't had
windows that's really good Roman you
can't drink that
oh that wait doesn't that have what
check oh this is the good stuff
what's that stuff with the a he's a
nitwit
oh no way Roman you're gonna get sick my
god he's an idiot it's better than you
think
dude all the kids are doing it would you
mind handing me my 20 minutes I'm gonna
feel great this is like the new yeah
this is the new thing everyone's doing
it he makes something up he wouldn't
drink it if it wasn't mixed everything
you can have the rest from the windows
he'll uh it's probably sticky but
ghostly my teen are you mean the Windex
heart attack she just met that's pretty
legit well I'm glad I'm glad I got you
at least I knew mama went topless
we all sticky you didn't know all right
I think we're gonna have a beautiful
sunset tonight you know grill out some
steaks real fast I mean that's your call
spins on a whole story you want to be 12
what are you doing
eatin we kind of skip through dinner my
mom stopped by what we can show me some
we uh yeah my mom stopped by which is
great oh cool okay so apparently you
freeze these and then put it in any
drink and I'll turn into a slushie right
we're gonna find out okay freeze it up
I'll be back okay
you know what daddy's gonna do daddy's
gonna go finally go get a haircut once
no I'm not you want me to Cain's upset
I'm not getting smile more on the soda
how about if I do it how about if you do
it I'll do it
yeah you do smile on the side of your
hand no you need both of us what do you
think guys should we both do it
how about I get more and you get smile
and then we'll take a picture side by
side us a smile more you just get
opposite side
yeah okay we'll think about it
let's see what these guys think I'll be
right back bye you can stay with mommy
lucky ducky I'll see you guys soon I
love you baby
get my boy yeah thanks that was loud I
hope that you guys can sit back during
this vlog right now and think of some of
the things you're thankful for think of
some of the things that you have that is
awesome in your life you know it's so
easy so I do it all the time I think of
a negative traffic thing oh my god I
gotta take care of this and I gotta fix
this problem but when you actually think
about how good you have it man life is
awesome it's awesome don't worry about
that don't even worry man we're didn't
ever change anything just realize how
good you have it you have it good okay
it's kind of like I always tell you guys
man keep a big smile on your face keep
moving forward things will get better I
know I haven't thrown this stuff at you
for a while I've laid off a little bit I
know the haters love when I talk about
this stuff because it gives them
something to hate on you know people
don't like to be told what to do no
matter what it is me telling you to
think positive and smile baby that's
telling you what to do so it actually
irritates a lot of people but that's who
I am and that's what I live by and
that's what I push on you guys want you
to realize how good you have it
no matter how bad it is it's gonna get
better right let's do it
we can do it together you know so I got
to tell you my son Kane really wants me
to put smile more on the side of my head
I kind of long my hair what has been
this long forever why don't you guys
tell me what do you think we should do
smile more soon yeah giant lizard yeah
oh my gosh your head oh man I should
surprise him that's what I should do
well I'm a new boy again you just took a
couple years off me man
thank you thank you okay tear it up tear
it up I usually take rafters down so
you'd have to reinforce that man sorry
just at his wisdom teeth pulled out
yesterday you should take it easy
are they frozen yet six hours yeah I
lost my hair look like a greaseball you
all right do you like it
thank you guys working on whoa what do
you mean um see that right there yeah
huh it's gotta go you got to put the
shaft in the holes I get it I am gonna
dive in the shower at first artist nasty
hair off my face and then I'm making a
big plate of chips and cheese because
I'm craving it and I can't live without
it don't act like that I see your
popcorn back there don't even say it's
Kane's I knew it I need you'd say that I
look a little better than
yeah okay tell me I never loved it at
first because it's so long here and not
here they're so short at first I liked
it all right so I tried to have a nice
little shower and Britney decided to
have a party while I was gone
are you kidding me with all this cheese
cane are they still not frozen it's all
right dude we'll do it tomorrow look at
this mess all I want to do is come out
and make chips and cheese that's it come
here you want cherry some trips and
cheese ring a little too long
nope just right alright guys I am gonna
use the rest of this night not just to
edit this vlog but to edit the new prank
we still have a couple days but it's
gonna be worth it I hope maybe maybe not
you probably not gonna like it either
way I'm really enjoying the Edit and I'm
having fun with it it was like 12
cameras don't lie you asked me since we
have a few days I want to do something
really fun a couple days until the prank
comes out I want to do something really
fun I got a kick out of this so somebody
tweeted this today and I here's what I
want to do watch this yeah I don't know
why I got such a kick out of that it's
awesome so the kid runs out opens his
door and tells his whole neighborhood
that Roman hat was got a new prank I
love it I thought it was hilarious so
here's what I want to do for everybody
that wants to participate I will be
retweeting all the best videos you guys
telling other people that Roman has a
prank coming out and tweet it I don't
want you to at me like at Roman Atwood
video I want you to like he wrote
telling the neighborhood about hashtag
Romans new prank so hashtag Romans new
prank I think it would be really fun
have fun with it creative I'm gonna be
sharing them on all my social networks
and probably the best ones right here
inside the vlogs so I should probably
give this dude a shout-out but I don't
know if he posted it let me see here I
think it's a traffic Chris is the guy
that posted that and kind of inspired
this whole idea let's start some social
media love guys let's start basically
it's the soldiers prepare for battle
baby let's tell the world make your
coolest videos
hashtag Romans new prank and I'm gonna
start flooding them I'm gonna start
sharing them tweeting them let's get it
trending like like let's start a trend
people start sending video this is gonna
be awesome I'm trying to do longer vlogs
I have some massive things coming this
weekend for you I just can't wait to
share it with you it's killing me I love
you guys thanks again send your videos
hashtag Romans new prank we're gonna
have fun with it I love you smile more
you're freaking awesome Britney had to
get some serious work done and now her
arms are what happened to you can you
clap
