what's up guys welcome to the vlog today
is a current day vlog meaning I'm
filming this the same day I'm uploading
it so welcome we haven't done like a
serious current day vlog in over a month
so here we are and it's not
intentionally I just played video games
all day yesterday literally all day I
felt like a normal human like I was just
doing something that I wanted to do
without and I had so much fun it was
awesome it was awesome
so it's Sunday it's current day we're
hanging out I want to just show you how
normal our life actually can be I know a
lot of you see us and you think that
it's always crazy around you our high
life is crazy no we're very very normal
we're a normal family look at the cats
did right so they're now climbing up in
the Christmas tree all the way up they
can go up the center they killed all the
lights in this part of the tree lights
no lights that Obion said what is the
outward flash Smith house like on Sunday
I said it just for you
across a part of me is a bubble blower
hi bubble blower whoo Keane's of a king
hey say hi canes over here playing some
minecraft doing the game and stuff
upstairs we have the same exact thing
going on in Noah's room so let's go
check on him and what is your game of
choice today mods did you figure out a
play with Kane nah kids have been trying
to play it like you and you're in the
same house you want to play Minecraft
together it is in public we can't not do
it
we cannot be done everything we've read
all the instructions we've watched
YouTube videos how to's it's supposed to
work it just doesn't we can't figure it
out got the same purse every block no
one got a different bed a tiny bed that
he loves you like doing better than your
big one I would roll off that thing
first of all get that space for
activities now dumb computer
it's just not working
all right good luck have fun I love you
so as you can see it's a very normal
household it's laid-back these kids
playing games cats sleeping dogs land
babies bone Bubba's yeah well I do well
why don't you just hit the timer instead
of the time cuz I'm an idiot
k√ºbra daddy's an idiot I did it for you
to the profit normal blogs and and then
stuff like that as I immediately say
well how do we spice it up how do we
spice the entertainment up for you if I
can just upload this and then I get them
you know a million comments like wow
you're really getting lazy wow you've
really given up wow you're successful
now you've just given up on everything
but if I throw a little entertainment in
there I get comments it's like wow you
guys do the craziest stuff you guys are
incredible whether you want omit it or
not you want to be entertained that's
just how it is now you like our normal
life and I always show that inside the
entertainment it's a it's a trick it's
it's been a trick the whole time
God got them no but it's true it's like
we can show our lives and that's the
part that you enjoy I enjoy watching
back but it's the entertainment in
between the family stuff that keeps you
watching me that's just facto fact the
truth hurts eat it so if you want to
spice things up I have an idea we got
our first snow we got our first nut now
it's not much it's embarrassing for
those of you that get a lot of snow but
look it looks bad it looked better last
night last name is least like the grill
was covered it was good it would look
like snow but sitting out looks pretty
pathetic or I could just film you I
could just film you all day I would
watch that but I was single not even one
now one video of me at that agent she's
already got five months worth that crazy
you want to do something you want to do
your first snow angel of the year snow
no no you don't want to a snow angel do
there's so much snow out there did you
see it it's intense why am i more of a
child than the children question will
make you your personal angel he's right
no I'm good your snow dog you supposed
to play how about this
no shoes if to stand on a posture know
who can last the longest what you mean
all knows we think about it then say no
no stand out there for a week you need
tweezers
ninis some surgical x' get the
pepperonis off the pepperoni and cheese
pizza that keno oniy how is it I know
king danger more like a Moni
anything so yeah guys this is a grant
laid-back vlog this is exactly what
we're doing right now today we're just
hanging out goofing off baby just went
to sleep quarters went to sleep so that
gives me time to pretty much see current
day vlogs they seem easy right but then
you've got to edit them get them up by
the time I would normally upload and
then start another vlog so it's
basically two and one now that is
convenient as it sounds but it is better
than missing a day I can rather do that
than miss a day because yesterday I
chose not how can you tickle me so that
being said guys as always um hello
that's what this is just a big hello
from us as a family thank you for
hanging out with us and we'll get you
tomorrow I got a really fun idea outside
that I'm gonna start as soon as I end
this and get it edited and we'll just
pick it up tomorrow we'll pick
everything up tomorrow I always say
you're only as good as your last blog
like you can have an amazing vlog right
and then you put up a crappy vlog and
it's like you're the worst youtuber but
then tomorrow you forget about the worst
vlog because you made a better vlog
thanks for hanging out this is a family
we'll see you tomorrow hope you're
having a great day hope you're feeling
good hope you're being positive no
matter what your situation is just be
positive see you tomorrow you're
beautiful one-of-a-kind smile more
you
