by
what up my friends hope you're having a
wonderful day I am I'm feeling good man
it's beautiful outside happy to be back
you guys know it took a day off
yesterday and we needed it so bad yet
honestly if I put in the vlog what we
did yes sir you've been thankful that I
did it we just had to get stuff done
guys you gotta understand sometimes it
excuses excuses right oh you little evil
Gaslight anyways hope you're having the
greatest day ever man whether it's
morning lunch dinner nighttime maybe
you're going to bed obviously great hope
you're waking up good I hope today is
the day for you I really do out man my
little boy was so cute sleeping this
morning man if you have kids you know
what I'm talking about and if you don't
yeah and if you don't you you will know
like once you have kids and just seeing
them sleep is like I don't know man it
it turns the toughest the toughest of
men into little little puppies man baby
pull up to my buddy Todd's reef farm if
you're new to this channel I really
should show I'm not here for fish or
corals anything I'm actually here to
pick up Todd but if you're new to the
channel I should probably show you this
place it's I'm addicted it's so back in
the day guys this is where I would come
and spit when I was living check to
check I would come up with my ten extra
bucks 20 extra bucks and I would find
these little corals he throws all the
floor right here in this greenhouse look
all these little pieces and I would be
talking it dude I used to talk Todd down
like I had to give it to me for 10 bucks
and he would he'd hooked me up with like
these little pieces of coral and I just
piece my tank together like you guys
have seen my tank now
but I never had a tank like that like
this is my like best tank I've ever had
I used to just collect little bits and
pieces but how cool is this guys he
grows all this cool right here
look at little clown fish in there gee
maybe maybe maybe one day I'll have a
tank like this this is 900 gallons oh my
gosh Kane could swim in here like I
could get Kane he could clean the glass
for me hey I am
so Todd and I are working on a little
something a little change of plans today
I'm gonna go get Noah right now which is
awesome super super nice surprise I'm
gonna go get him now
I'm slobbering on top I'm gonna cook it
until maybe have a nice little family
date today kind of unexpected so but
yeah sorry I'm really happy right now I
want that hey ah so predictable you know
you're gonna have to change up your
hiding spots all right
hey take a break take a break you've
obviously been on a cleaning frenzy if
you would have seen this house actually
probably didn't yesterday last vlog we
uploaded it was trash destroyed ten
times basically there was just aisles of
junk that we climbed through looks like
somebody didn't burning energy today
what'd you say to the grocery store to
get something for dinner and go pick up
orders from my mom oh boy well if you're
running to get some groceries I got my
little boys what are we gonna do
you will go playing the ball pit Wow hey
you can't scare everybody every time
sometimes they don't work yeah it looks
so funny let me see to do here's some
rope yeah you ready
you take the rope I take the scissors
yeah all right let's do it
kids got a lot of energy and I want them
to sleep tonight so what do I got to do
I got to be a dad it's time to step up
to the plate and we're I'm out we got
our ever so fun ball pit room this room
gets used so much I'm starting to think
Kane that we need to clean all these
balls are you gonna wash them maybe you
take a couple down each night and put
them in the bathtub and then we recycle
them yeah you want to do that all right
how are we gonna do this here let me try
daddy's pretty good at knots and then
hey you don't have to you can play and
daddy'll show more none that is never
coming off okay here's my idea ready
you take the boogie board all the way to
that back corner all right I think you
guys see where I'm going here is that it
you can go back further ready hold on
Brendan
okay take it back let's try it again
ready go ahead you going backwards here
we go again
okay one super fast then I have another
idea
I'll show you ready here we go
Oh No we had a blowout okay we had a
blowout go
I I don't I don't want to be a party
pooper but if we don't put this gate on
this is going to become a waterfall of
balls Boulder fall hi Hey
I have an idea to switch it up all right
let's bury the boogie board yeah and you
have to ride on it under the balls yeah
all right let's do it
ready help me we got to dig a hole
I think I'm just good at designing
things to wear me out
not you guys alright Cain you ready
daddy's gonna give you the ride of your
life actually if I just pulled you out
of
oh no Phil come on you're fast
yeah here we go hold on tight three two
one oh one two three oh man you're
you're a tank compared to Cain
you actually did hold on to his feet
didn't take long for Kane to figure out
you can put balls up in the light the
room is gonna start changing colors this
is my light for everything like we're
out of light bulbs so just bring out a
film like I'm ready to oh you got it you
got it
mmm mommy's back mommy's back then thin
and thin and why do I think of the
Wicked Witch of the West theme song when
you go home hey stupid man whoo yeah I
want to do something keen so Cain just
kept saying he wanted fish sticks for
dinner so what are we having are we
having fish sticks - I'm having a salad
but you and the boys are having fish
sake really actually I like fish sticks
we put extra bread crumbs from the
bottom of the bag
Oh tree value in the tree old-fashioned
dinner for me we used to eat fish sticks
and macaroni when I was a kid that was
my dinner like my parents made that all
the time so it's pretty good I forgot
how good it was
hey cutie pie thanks for cleaning so
maybe maybe maybe you guys have seen
this before and maybe some of you will
think it's cool like I did I thought
it'd be fun anybody can do this I think
that's why I like it yeah we got our met
openers here you got to open a bunch of
mints is that tray gonna be big enough I
don't think so
if you're gonna bend around something
all right you think that's enough are
you guys scooping all of them that fast
all right on there let's design it
somehow I have an idea okay so fold that
one on there mMmmm you guys want to eat
them yeah okay so odds are if I'm trying
this it's probably not gonna work as
good as maybe you'll find on the
Internet so I'm just gonna sample this
Oh are you far in on my meds sharp fish
how we doing here King oh I see what
you're doing you're doing I like her
design yeah red green red I have no idea
what it's just like I don't know what's
gonna happen in the end we're gonna take
our crazy MIT contraption here and put
it in the oven I don't know how long
gosh mallet with the house is gonna
smell good mmm Oh smell it you should do
like a time lapse oh that would be cool
you see we gonna
they're starting to mount come here look
it's only been what three four and five
minutes all right well while we wait for
mints to melt we're gonna play a carpet
hockey that's what we're gonna call it
all right carpet hockey that's not
carpet huh that's not carpet hockey you
got to slide across the carpet this game
ever made best game ever made yeah
whoever catches it gets destroyed who
wants it
who wants who touches it you took out
that'll teach it go ahead touch it oh
you guys want more
hey is it carpet hockey the best guys I
think we're good come check it out come
here I think we're good
Hey
whoa it's a bubbly flat mess oh I have
no idea what I'm doing here but I don't
think it's ever gonna come off that
paper okay it's like rubber it's like
part of the paper you're supposed to
spray it with something yeah look at it
yeah I think we just gonna let it cool a
little bit yeah I mean it was so pretty
nuts oddly certainly get the feeling
that I didn't do it right it's
definitely not coming off that paper
that's for sure look how cool that is
the oh wow I'm supposed to be like a
bowl Oh
saw who it's super hot dude I don't know
what to expect
but I think you'll get the idea so you
can try it even if I fail you may know
not how to do it mm-hmm feel like you
just need a lot of pressure and with it
nice but still super hot yeah yeah like
a colorful egg blue my kind of that
looks good from there yeah so Cain now
if we had guests over at a little party
made Christmas party yeah check it out
we can make a bunch of these and you put
your mints in it don't look too close
but you get the idea but like a
Christmas party you could set it out I
know the middle still soft how could
that be at a Christmas party even if it
even if it looks bad it's cool it looks
oh you do the actual big trays and put
the cookies on
it's like perfect and you can do like
extreme boulders are always perfect like
you can do like a the green just for how
many peppermints was that so if you know
you can eat the bowl yeah oh my gosh
those are so good
mmm and you get mixed green and red yeah
so we were trying to figure out ways to
transition from where we're at right now
in the vlog to almost bedtime so we
decided that maybe we should dance to
something like this
oh gosh where did he go you know though
little intro the vlog probably
who's ready come on sis
dance dance dance dance dance like one
of them work out get ready videos you
can do it one more time and then the
beat drops I know what you're doing
wrong you don't have a musical
I look like it actually hurt all right
just like that we're warping into
bedtime I've been if you ever get just
laid there and started rubbing your eye
robbing it then it starts feeling good
and you just rub it and rub if you ever
done that yeah and you just can't stop
and all of a sudden it just feels so
good like a cat like that's what they do
I don't know I just started doing that
on those bed while he's getting ready
I don't know I'm telling you the story
that's fun tonight being silly
no trying to where you guys out a close
job what why why would every time
committed on you before drinking it well
so what I'll put them like it's robot
can be hug um YouTube ass sleep great
alright guys I hope you enjoyed a
normal-size vlog or saw a lot of you
guys like alright enough of the 30
minute vlogs 35 minute vlogs so this is
just a nice normal voice what I normally
do a little cut to your little cuts
there a little bit a little bit a little
bit of the day I got one more little
dude to get to bed in this little guy he
does look more tired than he did earlier
before a rascal so yeah guys that's
gonna do it um we're right back on top
of things we should be right back at it
tomorrow
we love you thanks for everything uh
tell me in the comments do you like this
length of log let me know you want to go
back to old school we liver love you
guys I'm actually just happy to hang out
with the family tonight today and yeah I
don't know I got on this kick today and
I don't want to get into it tonight but
maybe we'll talk about him another day I
love you guys thanks for everything
be positive keep your head up your
beautiful smile
my
oh holy cow
