ready set go
go go fast fast you missed it totally oh
hey guys welcome welcome to the Atwood
crazy house this morning
but we're eating eggs dude that's the
biggest box of fruit well there's
there's multiple ways we're trying to
get some breakfast down real quick um
Cain wants cereal you can have some
cereal
after you eat your eggs yeah that's a
pretty good deal no they should make
cereal it tastes like eggs ah what came
hey hey goes okay okay oh yeah do you
good mmm oh look at the little baby
E
you'll have two more bites Oh so as you
guys know we did not upload a vlog
yesterday and all I got to say is it's
gonna be worth it guys sacrifices had to
be made I pulled off one of the greatest
pranks in my opinion that I've ever done
it's fun it's fantastic you guys are
going to love it the only thing is is if
I uploaded any of it
any of it you guys won't know what the
prank is I want this to be a total
surprise so that being said I had to
sacrifice um vlog and hide it
but on crank day you guys are gonna get
to so it's it's it's it's gonna work out
man it's gonna work out
it's so beautiful out it's warm like the
cold went away it's so warm it's so nice
for everybody that's mad that I didn't
upload yesterday come on like you know
you're gonna get doubled up like
everything's gonna work out it's gonna
be great it's like here's here's the way
I see it the more effort and work I put
into the vlogs the less content goes on
the prank channels just how I work and
the more I put into the pranks the less
goes on the vlog Channel so at some
point I have to make it a happy medium
and I think it's great you can just hear
it getting ready for our trip this week
next week next week so good so so yeah
guys everything is awesome like I cannot
wait the only thing that I'm actually
upset about is that I couldn't pull the
prank off at the end of the week because
now I got a week to upload it
I'm dying like I cannot stand I want to
upload it right now I haven't even
edited it and that's that's one of the
things that I'm talking about like to
balance out between pranks and vlogs
like if I wanted to upload this prank
right now or tomorrow I would have to
edit all day it's a big one
that means there'd be no vlog like so so
I would balance it out I'm still gonna
vlog and cut this thing together through
the week and have it up but I think you
guys are gonna be really proud of me on
this one I think I know the haters gonna
have something to say but who cares like
we're gonna plow through it you killed
your eggs now you get to eat cereal
that's the way it works that's a good
deal oh my gosh oh my gosh let's do
something your child services something
cry hey let's do it
can we fly and we eat that's probably
good on your stomach do you want to go
the fireworks tour with me I gotta get
some stuff do you want to go you huh
yeah you don't want to go with me all
right ah so I should just run while you
go and then I guess I want you guys to
go with me
okay guys just bounced out of the house
Brittany and keen decided not to go
actually Kane just said no Brittany
stain I got the car out today it's
beautiful it's sunny I'm on the wrong I
got this great leader
I got this crazy idea not to get a
haircut
I need to get a haircut I got this crazy
idea I want to build a firework machine
yo that sounds fun right I didn't want
to do this I don't know what I'm gonna
do but I'm gonna do it right now I'm
gonna go try to buy all the crap for it
only thing I can think about is my new
prank right I'm telling it's the only
thing I can't think of anything else
like I'm trying to I'm trying to like
vlog right now and all I care about is
trying to edit but I know if I edit
there's no vlog so it's like a
double-edged sword so I'm going to be
patient with it
ask you guys to be patient as well
you've already been basing you've been
waiting like two and a half three months
for a prank so here we go I think I
think when first of all it's about
impossible to keep it a secret I want to
tell you guys so bad but if I did prank
would be up like it would give it up and
usually I can do pranks and vlogs on the
same day when their little pranks like
I'm going on public and doing silly
things but when they're big and they've
got so many months four months worth of
work on this prank
for months
I don't wanna give it up I want to be
surprised and I know it's gonna be worth
it so hang tight I will announce the
actual upload time very soon probably on
Twitter in the vlog I'll do it the block
and for everybody saying Romans get a
quick vlog in haha I'm so sorry to tell
you I'm not I know the only people
saying that are people that want me to
stop vlogging but that's not gonna
happen I'm here to stay baby we're gonna
make fun like this channel is about to
go crane it like hang tight I am so glad
that I live in a world that I can just
pull up to a fireworks store at any time
and buy fireworks like doesn't get much
better than I get this place to myself
too maybe while I'm in here I should get
Caine something fun like sparked he
loves sparklers Sparky can't go wrong
with sparklers kids love sparklers
basically there's not a lot of creative
here I'm just gonna take a ton of these
they actually have roman candles they're
not mine I wish they were but I'm
basically just gonna take a ton of them
wrap them all together build a target
and just trash it so I don't know I get
these idea you guys know how I work like
spontaneous weirdness look it's not my
grocery getter it's my firework hitter
every time I come to this place I get
ten times more fireworks than I actually
need I got the car out today guys oh you
know what I haven't driven this thing
for oh it could be a month those of you
don't know this is an all-wheel drive
car so we may have to do some snow
parking lot drift in this this winter we
can't do it this winter because I won't
be vlogging anymore
do you see what I got you yeah these are
tanks yeah and you light them in a shoe
whoa you want to try it yeah okay let's
stand back I'll try 100 it's pointing at
us he's upside down I know let's have
two of them race yeah yeah look at its
burnout cane it peeled oh whoa okay so I
was gonna go with the like stacks of
roman candles but they kind of advised
me not to because they will heat up
together and then we'll all just start
catching each other on fire I should
have known that so I got this crazy one
should be pretty awesome what do you
think dude I think I'm gonna are you
cray
is that that cray cray face we've been
talking about you got it you know hold
it for me here's what we're gonna do
sacrifice a little nerf gun huh oh you
like it this is one it I'm gonna come
out with a book called daddy's dumb
ideas that's a good idea
hey daddy's dumb ideas it's just me
doing all my dumb ideas
this isn't dumb idea it is it's an
awesome idea huh I mean are you just
gonna say
we pay it black Wow maybe like a stock
here that's pretty painful it'll dry
fast paint this bad boy up oh my gosh
haha you read it wouldn't be machine-gun
without a target right see if I can do
some damage on this little guy he's got
a gun I mean the worst thing about my
machine gun is it's fully automatic it
has no safety and it goes until it's out
all right guys this is my firework
machine gun safety first
Oh as my shit machine gun fire work
machine that's really cool no one think
bad is if there's an enemy takes a while
to reload yeah take all the table what
you think it was pretty cool I thought
it would shoot faster you show me your
barn
oh did I oh snap
put some holes in his gut got him the
chest only one face shot
I suck that was freaking awesome I loved
it I have um I think we're gonna have to
do a duel like I don't know about me and
you maybe me and some friends we could
all make our own guns and have a battle
go to the fireworks store to make gun
whoa hey guys don't ever let my dumb
ideas influence you please let me do
this stuff you guys just try to watch it
what's going on with this candle was it
such baby baby flames up so the rest of
this vlog actually the rest of our day
and night is is work Brittany and I have
to crush it the smile more store I got
to do editing I promise you that we are
right back at the real vlog starting
tomorrow
full-length long vlogs we're gonna try
to raw dog it for you guys
yeah that's a cool truck
I think we're shooting about a four-hour
male vlog this weekend this is all fan
mail that we've been collecting and
there's more this isn't even it so this
weekend we're going to try to shoot the
entire thing all of it so it's gonna be
like hours you probably the longest
Youtube upload I've ever uploaded by far
and I'm putting it all in one video even
if it's five hours long I'm putting it
up so that's that we're ready to get
back into things we're gonna crush it
for the rest of the day tonight and
Brittany's about to kill her so what are
you even doing what do you what do you
hope to accomplish we love you guys so
much
thank you for for your patience thank
you for just being here with us you know
you know we're not stopping this like
this is we're just about to take off
watch just watch this is this is
everything is about to happen we will
see you guys tomorrow
thanks for the love and support thumbs
up for a new prank it's gonna be amazing
we love you we will see you tomorrow
smile more so I am working on something
basically attempting to blow your mind
I'm gonna keep it a dead secret nobody
knows
