hey guys what is up welcome to the
Atwood house you know a photo shoot
going on Katie and I are about to take
off I'm just gonna say this Keane I'm
gonna be fighting off girls all day look
at you
five Oh Jane rock'n'roll oh he's a
little punk huh
got a little punk on our hands look at
this little guy the scratching your butt
pose I think is what she's saying oh did
my friggin three-year-old is ten times
cooler than I am
there you go anyway guys how the heck
are you we are about to take off and
then Brit was like I got to get pictures
of Kane I don't blame you you looking
amazing dude it's it's Daddy Kane day
we're gonna run out real quick I got a
small list of things I have to get and
I'm gonna take my little man what am I
gonna do and we look like a single dad
with a kid and and women really
approaching me well you can tell we
haven't done crap since yesterday laying
in the same spot unpainted what's up
babe well let the people see it finished
I didn't dump it out maybe mommy we can
refill it I did get the baby gate
installed that's pretty I mean like this
boom look at that that holds them in way
better all right we're getting out of
here we gotta go Kane we ready got them
little chapped lips
you guys don't beat me up there man now
I'm about to hit a couple stores and
have Kane teach me how to address what's
with the bully face all right guys so
right when we walked out of the door
literally Kane saw this day three of
nasty nasty rain he said I'm not going
he bailed on me can you believe that he
just bailed like literally wouldn't come
so here we go I just got to run into a
couple places get some things that I'm
working on a little project uh I feel
like Earth is just puking on me man it's
so nasty wet and cold I don't even know
what to say
okay guys so I am working on something
basically attempting to blow your mind
I'm gonna keep it a dead secret nobody
knows I can show you this like what is
that it's nothing I just want to look a
bit hope you guys are ready to party
this is all gonna make sense very soon
we're gonna invite graham all over to
play I'm gonna try to make I know you
guys have asked me to make a gaming
video it's not gonna be me though I'm
gonna film grandma playing Grand Theft
Auto she hates that game like if it's on
in my house she flips out so I'm gonna
get her to play it it should be
absolutely ridiculous hilarious
we'll find out I'm gonna try to I'm
gonna try to call and get her over stuff
what I don't even know what to say about
this whether like you know there's other
places that exist that's sunny all day
where you can surf and you can drink
coconuts and then there's Ohio I'm not
complaining that I'm happy I am kind of
complaining so Kane ditched me
Brittany's not here I think I'm gonna
cheat a little bit on my diet
and when I say diet not like lose weight
that I just eat better and eat healthy I
don't think this is healthy crab rangoon
in this red sweet delicious pineapple
sauce
I'm never going back to healthy food Oh
keep it coming just keep it coming hey
what do you mean what what are you doing
hey do you want to do you want to come
over and make a video with me tonight do
you want to come over make a video
tonight yeah okay so I just had an
interesting and crazy conversation with
Mama grandma she's been drinking she's
drinking guys sounds like that's a good
time like are you ready you feel good
all right
I figured I'd pick you up so you off the
drive sauna extra day gone it's been
going fine just decided that nothing
simple you sip on grandpa's old cough
syrup yeah so your place to be you dance
with me right
Grand Theft Auto I'm not very good at it
at all
I'll try don't you hate that game yeah
isn't that the old man all right we just
got back and you've already made Kane
hotshot you're stirring it too fast so
you're spilling it oh my gosh it's gonna
be a wild night mom are you sure you
know what let's drink
like some water waters Warren water will
rust your pipes
there's my boy hey hey I missed you
while I was gone you left me I went by
myself we got our hands full Kane what
are you doing turn the water off or just
keep rolling are you might as well we
can't Vance
do you got any energy no you're too
tired me toots
any games tonight I can certainly take
you home okay well I thought we were
gonna go really crazy tonight well
that's nice
let's dog power Momo
we all got her all right I'm gonna take
my mom home yeah but bye baby
I'll see in a few minutes all right if
you guys want to see mama versus Grand
Theft Auto tell us we're gonna do it
next week all right come on but what are
you doing what was that is that the I'll
kick that you kick it out she's not one
of those holes in the walls
look look came look what you did
what do you mean just kidding it was
there it was already there I'm kidding
okay guys so Brittany's actually taking
grandma to her house check this out I
had to get it today I don't really
understand it I'm not sure why there's
an apple in the middle but I don't know
I liked it it's like four dollars or
something like that
I want to talk to you guys for just one
minute hear me out I sorry I see in the
comments and I see I see what's going on
I feel like we're shifting back the way
we used to be and we've lost connection
together and we're we're not talking to
each other in the comments and there's
there's so many negative comments and I
feel a lot of that is because of my
energy I feel like my stress has come
right out through that camera into you
guys and I apologize for that it's the
worst feeling in the world I want you
guys to watch these vlogs and feel so
good I want you to be motivated after
you watch them I want you to take on the
world after you watch these vlogs the
last thing I want is to bring anybody
down nobody not my enemies I don't want
to bring anybody down yeah when you
watch these vlogs I want you to feel
good I want you to be happy manners so
there's so many reasons to be unhappy
and miserable
grumpy and negative when you watch these
vlogs I want it to be one reason out of
your whole day that's a chance at
cheering you up that's my goal it's such
a big goal of mine and and I feel like a
lot of it's been my fault the last few
days I've been struggling mentally with
some things but I feel good man I'm
happy my family's happy so I hope that
we can just reset and build a positive
army of people man just so powerful and
strong and you can just beat the hell
out all these negative thoughts you know
it's hard it is we can do it promise
welcome back we got a serious problem
guys we need your help okay I got my
ears pop we've had the same dishwasher
the same soap
we've changed nothing we've lived here a
year and a half yeah everything's
covered in white powder like momma left
her bag of cocaine in there it does not
come off easy the whole Oh what is that
it doesn't come off no it's it's like
dry and hard like iron in the water
here's another big issue is that this
has been washed twice four times one
with just water yeah and it doesn't come
off it just doesn't it just look it's
always some when you're a homeowner it's
always something like the weirdest thing
I never heard of this look at Cannes
Cobb yeah anybody has any advice for
this I'm sure that one of you have had
this problem or your parents have had
this problem how do you fix it I would
say maybe change the changing so swell
we've had this soap for just by looking
at it it seems like the whole dish
washer fills with soap and then the heat
comes on and it never gets rinsed
you know what I mean it doesn't much
flavor
it doesn't intelligent third-ranked and
Tarrant internal don't tend to read you
would think by now that we just hit this
stuff like why do we still live
you guys know I like to end the vlog on
high so what are you doing for vacation
I have I told these guys okay yeah yeah
it looks good
let me see oh my god is she's so good
what are you even doing no no no no she
you guys saw it
you're never gonna totally you guys saw
her shoot me naked with a party popper
this is so this is probably good time to
tell you guys that we are going on a big
family trip in one week
are you excited I'm excited it's one of
my favorite favorite vlogs it's us on
trips with the family so I'm really
should be that you got droopy about it
you got a case to droop you back let me
paint a swimsuit on you just your top
just your tongue yeah no wonder your
face
I was trying to in this vlog on a high
and positive and give these guys
something smile I love the smell of that
to the viewers babe it's for the viewers
babe well now pass on that grass yeah oh
no how do we get it no that's really in
there is it coming out
I have to amputate okay I'm gonna end it
guys we have not booked our trip yet
where should we go tell us in the
comments we have a couple places in mind
but that's not how that goes you can't
wear it backwards actually looks like a
dress tell us in the comments where we
should go you know we're not going
anywhere we've ever been we've been to
too few cool places so tell us somewhere
new somewhere we haven't been if you've
been watching the boys grow up give us
some advice some cool places and we will
see you tomorrow
it's gonna be great I love you guys
thanks for also for all the thumbs up on
these blogs and we will see you tomorrow
