hey guys before this vlog starts I uh
why don't you tell him we suck why do we
dig her longer I never said I never said
we were I never said that they said that
we're not bloggers guys we try to be we
want to be we're wannabes one of you boy
here's the thing guys before this blog
actually starts I just wanna let you
know we just did a vlog much we've stuck
in the house the weather was crap and we
just didn't want anything and I edited
the footage and I said I'm not uploading
this nah it's more we're just sitting in
our house yeah in Britain nowhere I
better skip another day I'm I'm not
gonna skip it we're putting it up I just
want I want to put a little disclaimer
sorry here you go guys enjoy I mean I
film what I could that's a lie yes bill
hey hey guys what is up it is freaking
but nasty outside almost two days
straight
whoa like em yeah that won't focus what
is it give that jello out of here
basically it's wicked nasty out there
peanut butter on this peanut butter on
your boo on your oh no wonder who that
could be
you you put me in a murder thing ya
gonna try to go pretty raw for you today
uh yeah we're not going out it's it's
disgusting it's cold it's rainy I'm
gonna try to build Brittany's little
desk for her little preschool here what
what do you mean I am yeah
really and I just get hurt what do you
mean you're so excited I've been taking
up Kings desk
for the last week you know I was gonna
build a toilet sittin here for two weeks
until that's why I see you guys oh just
rain burka and I wonder what don't a
full-size desk would get me this just
baby dead so where do I start at you
have everything like this is everything
for the desk yeah but this is gonna be a
piece of cake but problem is a wholesome
morning's hung up so I have a place for
it but then if I hang it up he won't be
able to reach it he doesn't need a
region so it's gotta be a day of indoor
activities I think I need a haircut so
desperately my hair is in a rat's nest
like I think I found a squirrel or
something living it earlier I'm gonna
try to get Caine right now
what
go poke them in the eye go punch him go
punch him now go punch I know it's it's
half the size of you put it on I know it
does not fit yet it's so uncomfortable
mommy doing squats would be really sad
when this pumpkin rots away it's kind of
part of our family now and we can spray
something on it makes it last forever
oh what a mall mom's every day it's
gonna kill me
oh my gosh yeah you want to yeah stuck
forever you're you're now the headless
horseman here
she's partying sister the mom all
Club she's at club mom all getting her
clothes off alright let's check our
requirements here Phillips screwdriver
and a hammer
check check you guys know firsthand I'm
not exactly the handyman of the house I
don't I'm not that good at I'm just not
I'm okay with following directions but
when it comes to skills of fixing things
or cars or a leaky faucet I'm not the
guy I'm also wearing the exact outfit I
wore yesterday happen Shh go close this
closet it's like a nuclear power plant
in here yeah there we go now it looks
real whoa
I love it that's really cool I mean it
looks good come here can bring here
let's see I think you should paint stuff
on it yeah a little orange pop yeah like
little gosai's or something I mean it's
great you could leave it like that but
little Plain Jane right that's it got it
man to be honest with you Kane usually
builds everything and then I just take
the credit for it
got it he's so concentrated ah you got
it
whoa let it dry for two hours of two
hours no that's awesome love dang you
could sell these spider I want to like
find a cute little spider mommy's boob
locks calm dude
why not be cute to find like a spider
Ilana
Oh plastic spiders yeah that's a great
idea come here can I need your help
come here making progress such a cheap
little desk yeah
do you want to help hammer some nails in
yeah let's do it
all right looks like you're the one for
the job
come here helping it out handle these in
ready okay
I'm just gonna hold it you tap arou nice
oh boy
little harder a little harder oh there
you go
nice job kind of a work day around the
outlet house not a lot of play
he's actually really good at it yeah
okay
it's my fingers at risk hand oh there
you go me okay elbows ready look at that
it's not bad you put your six packs of
beat soda in there that is the vlog guys
that's it that's where we started it
where we left off yesterday and I feel
really pathetic right so we're not
blogging
this place not out of my nose
always we was trying to do why are you
always loved what were you gonna say
um we're always trying to do like fun
stuff to entertain them and yesterday we
just did I know I have like a uh a
mental block when we're just at the
house all day I'm like there's something
my mind says nobody wants to see this
they just don't want to watch this and
then I try to realize that that is
vlogging vlogging it's just our life and
and and I think what a lot of vloggers I
know I do is we don't realize that
vlogging is just about our life in our
real life and sometimes going out doing
crazy stuff just isn't real that's us
trying to make an entertaining
right so the real vlog is us at our
house doing nothing
hey you built my desk I'm so proud of
you so you're happy long as you're happy
did you show them the end result yeah
really slow okay in our crowd and our
crappy plug in our crappy blog um so
yeah guys even though I've been vlogging
for two years I'm still learning I
really am
it's a learning process prom-prom
process and we're gonna we're gonna get
this day started off right we're gonna
make a big vlog tomorrow and no more
slack dogging yeah am i all right
yeah okay and I have some stuff to do
I'm gonna work out I work out I work out
feeling funny feel it good
just pick the truck up and throw it into
the house I wouldn't do that to Clifford
you guys seen Britney's new nest so that
is it for today guys thank you again for
watching what is your favorite thing to
do during a rainy day I love the near
that Netflix and chill
I mean video games probably would be a
big one um you tell us we love you we
will see you tomorrow all fresh all
funky you need a shower them ah love you
guys smell more holy moley come up from
the mama it's okay let me blow it up
