what's up guys hope you're having an
awesome day you guys keep it down in
there what are you doing my uncle's King
what are you in what are you doing say
hi say hi to everybody so we missed
along
look at this
one of these two
you better hurry up this girl takes so
long you're never seen anything like it
nope I said it uh looked like the Wicked
Witch of the West
oh you like it yeah you want me where it
is
hey that's not bad it's just Rhonda
doesn't like it she's shaking her head
what happened to it
you leave it at the club you leave it at
the club yeah oh my oh hey you got pants
on I don't believe you let me see your
feet huh you do you put them on bottom
up we gotta go before we go I'll try to
show them a bit have you guys ever bit
your lip like legit like you're eating
and you just chomp down on your lip like
I feel like an animal like that's what
an animal would do look hold the cam
have you seen this you got to let up
focus oh my god are you gonna put
something on that Oh what do you put on
it I can't do anything I can't put a
toothbrush in my mouth I can't like
drink anything even waters like
irritating I don't know what's wrong
yeah I'm going to try to raw vlog all
day for you guys because I know how
upset you were about yesterday just
getting a 360 video you guys really
really let me know that you don't want
me to do that anymore which is good
that's what we're here for to talk to
Jan that's it
no I love when you guys it's good
criticism I love it so hate all you want
I learned from that right we learn from
that they don't want to see you guys in
the shower anymore in 360 Oh
maybe in this hour hey do you want to
fly Superman yeah come on fly like this
drop a little pizza thread yeah yeah
we'll get on to that party did you just
make me just started vlogging us I don't
see anything there's nothing there
you're squeal is the absolute rest in
peace headphone users squeal that's what
that is
you remind me of somebody right now like
like a like a character the girl in love
story have no idea what she's talking
about but maybe what do you guys it
looks good you gonna wear that hat in
public
alright we gotta go hey come on I get
some socks on
this is what my house is actually like
when I don't kill the camera and we just
felt like this is the sort of slight oh
closed huh before we run out I want to
show you Kane's first day a preschool
today way to go he rocked it out this is
his little classroom he did what two
hours is that she just did well I don't
think you're gonna pass art class but he
did really good
he did really good that I'm really proud
of him Oh Ohio why won't you reign for
me you ready to fight the rain you got
it hon ten ten ten six done done yeah
you better run we could probably build
this house faster than we can get out of
it Brittnay oh hey
did you ever think you'd be excited to
see the ran no I'm still not excited are
you excited to change my shoes and we're
open to I was like no my verities were
beaming
here's what we here's what we're going
to try to do today for you guys um I
know that you didn't really dig
yesterday's video no big deal we're
gonna move on every like here's the
greatest thing about YouTube yeah buddy
are you riding in the back of the truck
but the cool thing about this channel is
that every day is a new day so it's like
it passes so quickly so here we are on
another day it's absolutely gorgeous
outside and we're just gonna raw vlog it
all day I'm just gonna film as much as
possible and really get a real vlog
today none of this pre cease to come out
doing that
just kidding I am I love them I think
they're really cool obviously people
really enjoy that but we didn't put up a
floor to like that that was yeah no I
know we didn't watch a movie do I get it
you guys want blogs that's really why
you're here so we will stick to that
format I also learned that I really
learn how loyal you guys are based on
the quality of the video if the video is
mad
you guys just go crazy like I'm like oh
my god who are these who are these
people for comment sections not on
people but it's all good new day let's
kick it off let's smile let's be
positive and uh start fresh with us
I'm excited we are about what ladies and
gentlemen Kayne outward oh my god almost
forgot my phone
whoa what would I do
you guys ever panic like you can't find
your phone it's actually in your product
pocket you're like I know it happens
how have they made us so attached to
these devices these phones I'm so
attached to it no matter how much I want
to admit that I'm not I am I'm addicted
I have to have it with me at all times
going on
oh you're walking with your superhero
kind of like your Power Wheels I've
charged the battery yeah you have to
charge the battery
he's so confused all right put it back
on you had had to wear his boots today
at least it's stormy out so it makes
sense
I think they'll fit you you ready there
you go haha Bubble Boy
you rock and you like him you look in
the mirror come here he's still like him
okay you look like a scuba diver I don't
know mommy's hat and girls glasses do
you like it are you ready did this put
your hand ready
all right so here we are at the Easton
mall having been here for a long time
got my Superman with me Britt is we left
her in some store somewhere if you had
to pee I'm pretty sure filming in a
bathroom is frowned upon however nobody
was in them it's gonna take a while to
you back up he stepped on a crack broke
Mama's back one thing super nice about
coming to the mall on a Tuesday is that
there's not that many people here I mean
compared to a weekend
we can get away with playing and goofing
off a little more come on now your hands
are all dirty again come on you're ready
go swimmin you know you don't want to go
swim in oh man it looks so nice I'm
getting in you can't get mommy go get
her
this is way easier than she did us all
the time whoa gonna watch where you're
going keep it up boy five more Isles I
feel like we've bought in a million of
these things or do we meld them all no
those are markers so with canes starting
preschool we need all these weird little
things like crowns which we should have
had folders for school stuff did you're
gonna get it you're gonna get it
how'd you do that
I went to grab this and you had a knife
in there us I went to grab this and you
had some in there so I pulled in it just
oh so you're blaming whatever was in the
door handle oh my god that looks so bad
get in your seat boy there's a little
grocery lesson for you if you go into a
grocery store hungry just turn around
and go eat because you'll spend double
the money some grocery stores have
gotten really smart and they just put
the food in the grocery store so it's a
win-win for them you eat and you buy
food it's for you he's great it's like
you're about to feed up a bunny
are you a bunny now invite a candy cane
that's salt that's bad salt you know
what it does never turns you into a
zombie
you're gonna be a zombie or this one
turns you into a clown horse this one
makes you turn into a giraffe oh you can
be so tall thank you turning an elephant
oh this one makes you turn into
snake oh you could scare mama so bad a
pillar and then you get to be a
butterfly
yeah it's turning no butterfly fly away
I'm just kidding we're just kidding you
put him in the back that makes you feel
and smell good yeah
friggin bath salts you guys remember
where there like people were turning
into zombies eating bath salts was that
what they were doing I don't know I
don't know the story about oh my god
guys how good does that look
look at this coconut way that put it in
smoothies to me this is like the auto
blend you just grabbed one throw in a
blender and make a smoothie it's perfect
but it comes with a price tag
almost 13 bucks for that okay
all right I like where you're going with
this this is nice yeah no they go bad so
fast you got to eat fruit
so foods great
gain you're actually starting to grow
out of things who's making that noise
hey how you doing who's making that
noise
who's doing it
face but almost like mine we are out of
here
you know your stores making a lot of
money when your entire parking lot is
made out of blocks no it actually
stopped raining it's just sprinkling and
looks really nasty
buckle up boy Oh get in there honestly
though what's it cost to have the only
parking lot built out of Legos I think
it'd be easier to just make your parking
lot of $10 bills I think that would look
nice sheet or awful easy it's just that
easy to just take your nails off what do
you want oh no we're almost home like
three more hours we just got done
getting all the crap we need a family
stop man fruits veggies they're on a
blender smooth it up we saw it's not a
freezer
thanks for driving in all this rains
yeah so what it has rained all day guys
literally all day a big toad he wants to
come in with us and hang out see a
little guy oh okay we're back home guys
arrey I gotta wear your grass slippers
yeah okay water those you read water
water well I don't know what are those
why you do this I'm gonna do something
really probably embarrassing I probably
shouldn't even put in the vlog what I'm
gonna see like wait wait I'm gonna see
how many pushups I can do I'm still a
little sore from two days ago when I did
my push-ups and I could only do 30
that was my max 30 push that's not a lot
when you should have to do on my little
ball thing no I don't even harder should
you regular ones so here we go guys I
wanna try this don't laugh at me too
hard
I'm so out of shape and I want to I want
to use this as inspiration because
hopefully in the future I can do way
more than this so let's try you saying
hi come here come do push-ups with me
Ready Set what he's gonna laugh at me
yeah Marty ah 20 there's only 20 eyes
only done 20 I get even tock I'm trying
to talk to you 30 push-ups yeah good it
felt like I don't even know about right
now what happened you know what happen
guys something's wrong
so it was 30 kind of embarrassing to put
on the vlog because I know 90% of you
can probably out do me but that's okay
that's not my strong point so when I'm
good at how many can you do 10 I already
worked out I know I'm still a little
serving I'm not gonna use that as an
excuse I only did 30 when I wasn't sore
dude that's nearly your entire
bodyweight you doing is that - you
already stopped yeah yeah it's okay
whoa okay so who can beat me I'm telling
you actually that was all I had I
couldn't do 31 did you see my thirty
number 31 I couldn't I just stopped
halfway and fell yeah that's okay I'm
gonna get better I want to do 50 I wanna
be able to do 50 with no stopping no
wait
yeah 50 what is that
shipping crap for our smile more store I
uh last month
I told you guys that audible was it was
going to be their last month for that
deal apparently you guys freaking love
the site as do I they're back again in
fact they're talking about just
sponsoring this channel so every month
they want to give you guys different
deals that's in the works I don't know
if it's going to happen but this is a
company I can get behind because I
freaking hate reading I hate what is it
why are you acting like that
I just hate reading it's one of the
worst things on the planet to me I know
a lot of people love it like it soothes
them it's comforting it makes them helps
you go to sleep it's great but it's 2015
and I just can't do it I suck at it I
don't comprehend it I read and then I
forget what I just read you know yeah I
know I'm really bad at it we're both not
very good at reading so I probably hate
it because I'm not good at that's the
truth but it's the future this is it
back when I went and was uh this is the
back when I was in school you can listen
to the stuff your favorite book they got
it go listen to it you can drive you can
hike you can walk you can crawl you can
swim oh in school are you allowed to
listen to books yet instead of reading
them that I don't know I don't know but
you can literally learn so much better
at school if I was able to listen to it
and like follow along it's like having
your mom beside you reading your book to
you that's what it's like terrible
that's what it's like anyway guys as
always they're hooking you up I thought
last month was the last one but they're
back and maybe here to hook you guys up
for a long time so go crush it I don't
see why you don't want this it's free 30
days free a free book just for using
audible.com for slash Broman it's it you
know my man put it in there check it out
it's free check it out you guys know the
drill you know what's up link will be in
the description use audible.com for
sauce Roman to get that deal I just told
you about it was like that this morning
we're that know it was open
oh it was I have no idea
I thought you went to bed little boys
he's so thirsty mom okay so thirsty you
Tom let me see uh it's wet I think
you're okay okay listen good news you
can go like seven days without water so
I know you're okay
these are daddy's you mean found them in
your drawer no you did it yeah their
mamas mom set me up your heart mama set
me up those don't fit those wouldn't fit
me those are those don't fit you it's
your bag I know I think Mama's been
throwing some house parties while we're
gone she's your favorite show Georgio's
I guess let's George do it it is wine
down time guys love you know that was my
bed you hit like you read twice today
and I had a really good day with you
guys
I was kidding Wow
oh sorry guys I was gonna tell him say
night but oh my god I was gonna tell him
say good night but he's already asleep
he's never going slowly you girl
hair now Gaines rocking the long hair
what's up dude I thought you liked that
bitchy let's say good night wait you
Slayer maybe he's gonna be one of those
singers that uses is through to the end
yeah screamo voice yah yah yah all right
guys we love you so much
thanks for putting up with us all right
give me a long night that literally
sounds like whoo yeah he should get so
what he said haha okay we got our hands
full as you can see we love you guys
thank you so much for everything we will
see you tomorrow
thanks again we love you what are you
doing Katie yeah oh yeah actually it's
just really polite out of nowhere we
love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're amazing don't
forget it don't let anybody tell you
you're not awesome you're the greatest
oh boy wishes luck you see you tomorrow
smile more here and today Brittany and I
are gonna show you the difference
between a guy in the shower and a girl
in the shower this should be pretty
interesting so we have to use cold water
otherwise the hot water will fog up the
camera
