pull it on up pull it on up back it
right up hey hey guys how are you we are
loading up well Cain and Noah really
really want to make a little fire you
got it
I think that's good right Cain actually
came up with this idea on his own to
just deliver the wood so I'll meet you
over there so funny hope your guys's day
is going so perfect I am it's officially
that time like it's cold I mean gloves
hat coat you lie we could put that and
get the wood on top that's a great idea
that's perfect I don't know why we're
having a fire right now this morning but
kids love it
go on to get a lighter I'm going to get
a lighter oh so we're out here in the
wild we've been out here for one two
three months I found some leftover we're
gonna lighthouse spot your homemade
balance beam oh okay now try it if you
fall into the hot lava you die you made
it
let's take all this dry stuff put it up
under there
yeah we're getting it lit up you like it
alright I got the fire going with just
some sticks that's it no lighter at all
and my kids are gone this is why I love
kids they want you to do something
and then by the time you get it done
they're already on the next project
which you guys building somewhere to
sleep tonight simple this is your
crafting table pretty much actually
feels so good to be outside just goofing
off we uh not get a lot of video games
really eat up a lot of time so it feels
good to be out goofing off making a
little fire for no reason the middle of
the day Bob the Builder
and here comes the rain baby right on
time do it for the vlog oh you hear it
huh you guys hear that that's his liquid
in his belly do it one more time do it
ready yeah that's all yeah one and done
small change of plans today hey honey
yonghwa's ready why are you my son your
sinks blue oh oh
so our plan today was to set up our
Christmas tree which I we all really
wanted to do and then we we remembered
it's Jessica's birthday it's my
brother's wife's birthday so we're going
to meet up with him have a little
birthday dinner oh you're on fire you're
on it hey somebody get freaking coffee
or something
I'm not on coffee today so you go with
me are you going back in your cage what
are you doing look at you you're so
crazy right now
my god careful careful
ow my back hey no parties tonight no
parties came we can't have a party you
two gonna have a party but I don't want
a bunch of mall malls in my house all
night all right give me a hug I'll be
right back and hey listen listen I love
you
hmm today has just gone totally south
and these wipers listen ah we are fixing
them today you guys if you're a longtime
blog watcher these have been terrible
forever and they were like the Haier
brand they got my brand anyways we're
headed out to justice birthday and
Noah's gonna go to Owensboro dude you
look so comfortable back here I bond all
my gosh
do it again just under Rinka so when I
call you that should be my alarm like
when my phone goes off I love you I love
you buddy
see you soon all right so this is when
I'm actually starting to miss LA well at
least the weather like it's getting
nasty out of you
nasty whoop how can you be happy with
hair that nappy
we're trying to find a place to take
Jess and Dale for dinner and I don't
know like there's not that many options
here in Columbus we have like r1 like
the elevator is like it's one of our
favorites last year yeah so I don't know
it's a toss-up they want us to pick
which is easy yeah that makes it even
harder I wish I love when people are
like here's where we want to go we just
go but all the pressures on he roll with
thinking we are really doing okay
because I can't pick me
it might be of like one of them like
things white people do episode you guys
seen all those things white people do
like dr. Dre and Snoop or just like it
may be strange but you go step off it
just appoint you my
I just say they always how I'm ever
considered breaking up with you is when
you listen to country music was it was
it somebody tweet me that or was it unit
the picture the guy jumping out of
caller says when somebody puts on
country music that's crazy I used to be
a huge country fan I used to love it
good gosh I used to really like it but
now it's like something does it does
something my ears is a baby
I love you I've never thought that my
life about jumping out of the car
jumping out I never thought
automatically done it haha the blue LEDs
are wild we got bright that you're in
that movie
thank you crazy um we are up at Easton
again meeting them and and then you're
driving and then I'm gonna drive
yo it looks awesome out here beautiful
right baby you you got to get out here
you gotta check this out
yo it's awesome it's all decorated so I
can see from in here you see them kids
about the speed bomb do you think that
this stores always call that or just
when it rains
who wears jokes ever I think I don't
think we need these jumper cables
Britain they are about to hop it and ale
Justin day or about the HOPWA and Brits
cleaning out the backseat that is
disgusting what did you just put back
there there's a car key elders tell you
you have kids there's just a random
traffic milk and dot's um it's like
sweeping all the dirt under a rogue you
lift the rug you throw it on that's what
she's doing right now yeah it's like a
new car Brit I think the meters off
right huh Justin Dale are here and I'm
just gonna warn you guys Brit has been
lit off her rocker tonight I don't even
know who she is anymore
she has been crazy er settling on this
Brazilian place that's good we can't
feed that meter
go ahead ladies Dale's got the door
actually I just work here it's a nice
little corner table place is hopping a
little bit of a cool buff face style
look at that block of cheese
like scrape it out fresh mozzarella oh I
just got so much weird stuff I got this
weird little sushi roll thing so I don't
even know really I just grabbed it
yes sir
these are you walking with you
so they bring you up me to your table
and you just pick it off what is this
one so Portnoy oh yeah yeah for sure
that looks good
you want some it just keeps coming out
so flaming yarn wrapped in bacon pork
some kind of garlic chicken this is lamb
chop your play is adorable we are here
this is our creme brulee vanilla citrus
custard have you ever just been tackled
like carrying that around look at this
is that cheese key is it cheesecake in
there yes this is our cheesecake a New
York style cake with a layer of fudge oh
that's me that one's me I'm sweating
all I got to say is Brazil he's got it
going on I'm ready to dive in front of
that truck I'm so full
hey y'all have food put me in the
biggest coma a lot of life I'm gonna
just say this that was the best
cheesecake that could be the best
dessert I've ever had
you told you said it was a hundred
percent the best dessert you've ever had
in your entire life
it really oh my god I'm still free
unless you go by one of their
cheesecakes
it'd be my whole Christmas present just
a cheesecake Jake in the neverland
pirates
wakey-wakey mom won't you stay here you
get your own make your own bed hey
little booger alfalfa
what the heck mrs. Claus alright guys I
am going to cut off the vlog we're all
going to go to bed I'm going to edit
this vlog tonight so we can get an early
start tomorrow we're going to set up the
Christmas tree we're going to open fan
mail should be an extremely long vlog
tomorrow and then I want to try
something I want to go for super long
vlogs next week don't hold me to it
but that's what I'm that's my focus very
raw long vlogs for you guys just real
long vlogs so don't hold me to it but
that's my goal for next week coming up
so let me know if that's something you
guys want I know a lot of you guys love
the long hugs a lot of you guys can't
stand it you want just quick like what
you do today that's it a lot of this
though is for what we want to watch in
the future you know I want to watch my
kids as long as possible so I'm gonna
start trying to just shoot it raw and
see what you guys think so tomorrow is
just gonna be like a big family day guys
I hope that you guys are getting some
family time setting up the trees or you
know whatever it is just something as a
family it's soundbar and don't forget to
try to be positive fight for every
single day I know there's a million
reasons right now for you to be negative
there's a million reasons for you to be
bummed out please fight it as hard as
you can never let anything stop you keep
moving forward we will see you tomorrow
you were amazing smile oh good job okay
let me try let me try
talk about endless practice look at this
left hand nailed it
