what's up guys how you doing buddy oh
you got it push it push it
I don't want to put much business and
work in this vlog because I know that's
all we've been doing the last couple
days so I gotta go I'm gonna go deliver
all this stuff hi mommy
love love love I know we both went down
pretty good yesterday
bye there you go he's so strong this is
family business at its finest slash
child labor before I go a half half half
to take Noah's laptop and to get it
fixed it's bad
so many problems with this thing and now
it's just the point you can't even play
this game so I'm gonna drop that off
today for well okay I'm really leaving
this time you can't stop me Kane mama
Britt gotta go I love you I love you
come here come here
oh my cheek mmm I knew you would do that
hope you guys are having such an awesome
day like truly I hope it's awesome no
matter what part of the day it is maybe
you're about to go to bed I hope you
sleep perfect man let's get this day
started
I'm trying try and try and try not to
shove too much business down your throat
but it's such a part of my life right
now it's hard to avoid we're gonna make
this quick painless
all I can say is you guys are killing it
with the smile more orders I've never
seen anything like this
I knew Christmas would be bigger but
this is like unbelievable man please
please send me pictures if you're
wearing or have a smile more product
please send it we're working on a big
project and I want your photos if
anybody is trying to get all their stuff
before Christmas there's a good chance
that you will we have been killing it's
like five people working full-time at
the smile Moore store so hopefully you
get it before Christmas some of you guys
like way overseas takes longer there's
nothing we can do
just a reminder to you guys if you're
trying to start a company this right
here three orders if Brandi and I took
three orders in a week that used to be
huge that used to be so exciting to us
that we got three people ordered smile
warmers it's amazing and now I mean you
guys see it now we fill tubs and tubs
and tubs of these it's just amazing so
don't give up so quickly this is years
we've been doing this for years
do you remember do you remember when we
just bring you a couple of these a week
I do at me and you guys so much huh it's
really changed you guys it's really chat
up I'm trying to tell these guys that
like you can't give up right off the bat
I definitely didn't expect all this
nobody did
I guess all I'm saying is don't get
discouraged if something you try doesn't
happen immediately or it's not a success
absolutely the first day you try it give
it time and it takes time everything
takes so long do it for love not for
money if you're doing it for money it's
so hard cuz you expect it so fast if you
do it for love and passion the money is
just gonna come it's like a bonus money
it's just a bonus to buy product I can't
I can't okay
oh and where is the worst place to have
a pimple guys right up under my nose is
like the worst place oh there's some bad
ones there's some bad spot all right
gonna run those laptop in real quick I
will be right back
no way ha ha I'm turning around
they've got donkeys oh my god oh my gosh
I want donkeys look at him uh-huh
why do I want a donkey said I want a
donkey so bad guys been talking how long
have I been talking about this hey hey
how're you doing dude I got here the
same time mom all got here hey I got you
something you want to see it do you know
how you always eat cereal and you never
have a right spoon okay wait right here
I got on something like put some clothes
on mama Kay can you don't have to worry
no more I got you a spoon you like it oh
my gosh what do you think now you can
just hope you can put an entire bowl of
cereal in the spoon where did you get
that from do you like it
I got a 42 we could eat mama she oh we
go now we can invite Giants over hey hey
a star so slow up ever mine canes here
ha ha ha alright let's get these out
really says
oh these are the new ones our last
product that's been out of stock on the
store the longest you guys have been
killing us when are you getting on
winter you get in there here check them
out
this is our newest one it's like
camouflage and and we got a purple I
love I'm so glad so like two weeks ago
Britney asked you guys your best colors
purple and camo we're the most voted so
we have added we've never added a color
we've added purple and camo to the store
so everything's in stock if you've been
waiting on bracelets I'm so sorry we it
took forever to get here so um I just
need the paper to know how many we
didn't work Here I am telling you guys
knocking up a business in the hearty air
I am huh you gotta open them and we got
a what's your favorite color which one
mmm
yellow and black that's cool no no blue
yellow and blue yellow and blue is your
favorite he's got stack them all for us
this is how I should do it for the photo
since how we should do it what feel like
maybe smile more should all be facing
the camera
I just got that home like at our
that's how we should do it yep thanks
buddy
so I think this is I think this is the
best that I can do I've been doing it
like every different way I can possibly
think of and oh boy oh boy
you ready to sell are you ready to sail
the seas all right you're in a ship
you're in your boat
oh it's getting wavy the waters getting
rough you gotta jump ship advantage ship
I'm not even kidding
from the last clip to right now it's
probably been what three four hours
three hours yeah three hours 300
perfectly I don't know it's doing photos
other bracelets was like no business in
today's vlog and then I there's no way
to avoid it right now I just been on the
phone for three hours with
I can't really say it I can't tell I'll
tell you soon I promise
tonight we are going Brittany and I have
to run out and do a couple things
nothing special Christmas daggers that's
what we're not going out with that
that's where I don't know you said we
have to get some stuff this what yeah
you need any person who's right
I could use some new shoes but I didn't
know we were for just that thought we
had things we had to do it well I have
to go to the movies after you Christmas
I have to get a grocery serve but they
don't
go there laughs oh my gosh okay so
anyways maybe we just robbed alike I
don't turn off the cameras that I can
you imagine this is what it would
actually be like you ready
when we're not glowing
beep and honey are you listening did you
hear what I just had
so if plans this weekend Saturday need a
babysitter and what did I just say what
but he talked sis
I like zone out how many you guys do
this I'll just like so now no but I'm so
guilty I should be talking to me forever
I'm just like cuz like when we're not
vlogging not doing stuff I'm like
catching up on stuff emails and blah
blah blah or just goofing off on
Facebook there's whatever just like
stuck on videos oh yo I gotta get this
are you kidding me look at this suit
it's actually for sale it has to be for
sale you I don't see it I think you look
like a real cat oh actually quite awful
not bad I could never wear this actually
you wearing it right now we went in that
entire store the only thing we came out
with is a new pair of Converse I just
react on my converse so we gonna do
we're gonna go eat I think and I'm
totally ordering a freaking Christmas
suit they didn't have my size it's I'm
always know where a size like so hard to
find my size well they don't have size
baby oh where you gonna eat you want to
go to that new Italian wine pius oh I
don't want to time I just don't know mmm
but how awesome would it be if we were
like alligators kneel and eat like once
a summer all right yeah just look how
annoying this is we're always beautiful
no no people see me vlogging what am I
gonna do well I've gotten the door I
think every time
on the cameraman all right so we skipped
dinner were warping over to Britney's
mom's home smile more office this is
really her office for smile more at her
house so she can do all your all you
guys fun stuff how they were looking
this week tell me I'm tons and tons of
order
really man you guys could get him out
you're gonna have to pass help oh yeah
four people working all tomorrow yeah
yeah we should we should get no pork
ribs you can't underestimate the power
of the Internet yeah Zeus come here come
here baby
ready sit stay good boy
look at him oh he's all happy nope sit
good boy good job
well I don't have anything for you Zeus
took it
Zeus took it he's so much bigger than
you Bret
oh my gosh Oh talk to me doctor he's
gonna talk to you all right he would go
straight through you
we are literally bouncing all over the
place and tonight's vlog I just I don't
know what to say we're in the car out of
the car in the store one
can't wrap my buddy Charles Trippy from
we the kings hit me up and he's like yo
our new albums come out tomorrow's her
anyway you would shout it out or give me
any love uh ya know he was even like you
know how much would it cost to shout out
in the blog and I was like dude he
doesn't know that we love that we love
you guys so hey the we the kings newest
album is out not only that they're going
up against Adele day like the day you're
watching the silk not that it's up but
it's like so hard knows else
ah so if you guys want to show up some
lovely the King's new album is out right
now I'll put the link in the description
that's for you guys
I already all look i pre-ordered it live
on stage strain
oh yes pink on yeah guys I got you check
it out welcome all right I don't even
think you seen me what on earth are you
wearing this jailbird yeah you know I
said today I said I need to stop and get
Kayne some pajamas well that's awesome
your style what when you're all done
with mommy it's my turn okay I'll take
it whatever I can get oh my clown my
clown fish was just asleep but I woke
him up hey this one
he's my dude he's like let me sleep what
are you doing what are we gonna do with
these Kayne what can we do need a bowl
cereal with it my spoon looks a little
bigger than cool spoon oh yeah Oh yours
is taller
alright guys so here's what I got this
weekend what can me Brittany Cain and
Noah do as a family challenge video
videos we can do more than one we want
to do some challenge videos it's fun for
the whole family and something just
unique and different and Freddie was
saying the yoga challenge where we all
have to do the yoga moves which I think
the kids would actually getting that we
had to do a pose and then the kids had
to do the same pose yes that could
actually be really funny
look I'm digging a hole just why do you
keep getting more put inside the thing I
don't even know what you're doing all
right
mommy's over there spooning it does I
want to do something funny with these
maybe I just go into a restaurant oh
yeah maybe all right guys we sure love
ya I know this vlogs creating the
bouncing around it's just weird and I
don't know it is what it is today we'll
be right back at it tomorrow we love you
thanks for everything
don't forget how awesome you are what
are you doing but you're waiting for me
to stop all right love you guys love you
guys so much we'll see them all smile
yeah geez I wasn't even near you
