hoorah
you look amazing are you ready to go are
you ready to rock Kane do you want to
know what court is gonna look like in 20
plus years you don't you guys want to
know what little courts gonna look like
in 20 plus years I do that is so cute
we'll see you guys oh all right
little twinsies today twinsies okay I
guess I'm ready
bumm mommy's always right except this
time she's not right it's gonna be all
over you fine let's go hey bud mr.
Outland in the house welcome to the vlog
guys today is uh first of all I'm not
even close to ready you guys look I'm
okay have a great time tonight me and
the kids will be playing games no I'm
just throwing hat on today is Brittany
side of the Christmas parties that have
been at my side of the Christmas party
we dressed up and just randomly her side
of the party they're dressing up so I
don't think that was on purpose it just
happened ah Korra are you cross-eyed
right now what are you doing she looks
weird
so anyway let's get out of this house
thanks for watching today guys you ready
let's go have some fun family family
family time
I said family family family time take
that for him that's what families do I
literally feel like woody right now look
I'm looking for his hat have you seen my
hat no come on I need a partner night
show would you do in my act
yeah I'm talking to you you ready okay
you ready
let's go
by flash by body he's like you know
you're not leaving
but even there's one duck walk across
that pond all by himself out there yes
yeah I really need to retire this camera
it's the one that got dropped at the ice
skating rink it's still working but the
whole lens is like torn off it looks
crazy terminator but and then last night
in the hot tub it got doesn't look bad
so I didn't even know you could still do
this Britney had pictures printed off I
just ran into the store and ground I
even know stores still printed pictures
it's crazy
which ones is impressed she got like
photos for a grandma and family members
they love pictures
oh crap because if they see the vlog
well it will just see a couple
here's crazy Kane at the beach I'm gonna
lick you
I'm licking Noah so this is the one of
Britney and I at the tree just a couple
days ago in New York City and a fan a
fan took this photo for us too big
shout-out to him for taking that picture
for us oh good
me and my baby girl this one's from me
this is for Britney I love this song
yeah I got a heat one this isn't I love
it you want this on game
this is human baby Cora and this is
Britt and I at the other tree in the
Bahamas just a few weeks ago
that's hilarious I forgot about that
photo already like Britney said I don't
want to show them all because a bunch of
some of the families getting just some
pictures of us that love pictures so I
want y'all on the vlog is a no ruin it
little girl
you ready to party let's go guys I'll
get sleepy oh you did it this year
handballs for everybody right now
straight face contest alright okay
everybody look at the camera and then
look at each other you can't smile ready
get each other everybody close your eyes
look at each other
the undisputed undefeated champ you
can't laugh oh yeah so you can smell I
don't think we'll ever die ready
nobody can laugh ready everybody has to
stare at the camera and then look at
each other ready 1 2 3 no laughing no
laughing alright Kirsten takes it her
off it didn't last long
oh sorry okay yeah
crazy crazy gift Tom jumped into dune
would you get a little buddy
what is that play-doh stuff to make
play-doh like no it's already play-doh
oh geez just what you needed my Luigi
what'd you get what'd she get what you
got there Cora that you need a shirt on
this is legit super legit okay so a
little bit of a crazy hectic environment
for vlogging but it was absolutely
awesome to see everybody everybody was a
great time and coordinate new dress very
long but Britt stuck it out wore it the
whole time you guys have a good time
yeah came a good time
we zoned into their Cellular's iPods
iPads iPad minis large iPhones I watches
go ahead at home that's where we're
going right now that we don't have any
plans what hot tub I'll type it up huh
you ready it's gonna cold again if
you've been watching we got a hot tub
finally we want four years literally
since we moved in this house and we
finally pulled the trigger on and got it
this year so all the first things we do
when we get home as everybody wants to
get the hot tub oh you got
she's like I'm on some got a freaky
right no here mom okay ray get in the
tub let's do it
it is not windy this should be nice go
go go you gotta get the cover off the
hot tub okay no good okay go go go all
right I'll tell you when I'll tell you
who we need uh we need like a runner
here oh it's so nice compared to last
night it's gonna be dark out here for a
second boom that looks so nice whoa I'm
switching switching on us looks like
Nickelodeon gak well that's cool you
want to just change okay that's it oh
this thing's so nice that's 104 so we're
gonna jump in enjoy a little time -
there he is there's a little monster
take your time take your time
take your time so this thing obviously
has like a ton of settings that we're
just trying to figure out like the air
that comes in the water and the
strengthens but it's like a straight
back massage it is so powerful which is
one of the reasons I picked this tub
it's like therapeutic like it helps with
your back and your your oh you're sore
muscles cane that you you're gonna have
as you get older you know you start
playing really that looks really weird
so one of the cool things I want to
point out tonight is that the stars my
gosh but I can't see him in the vlog if
you turned all the lights out the stars
are just crazy bright tonight yeah you
can see you just see them kind of like
flickering flickering look at that star
right there see it my finger that's the
corner of the house leave that one cane
look at that star oh my gosh it's headed
towards Earth oh my gosh it's headed for
our backyard picker picker and click OK
you're like steaming you guys are
smoking look put your arm out of the
water not gonna lie buddy pretty creepy
creepy cane no look at the pink peg look
at the pink pig not the cow not to count
you like pork not beef look at the cat I
mean she says do you like pork or do you
like beef pork or beef pick it up this
might be it might be a Beefeater
let me kiss buy a pig what picking my
nose my mom loves crazy is all my kid
I've heard this soundtrack through my
whole life it seems like no was a baby
and Kane was the baby now Korres the
baby and it's just the same same movies
it's crazy
how long they've been in my household
how she's eating the cow
she's eating it did good mama MIT you
made one beautiful little girl you're
sitting up all by yourself it's a new
thing guys next steps like crawling and
move in it oh that little fake cough no
she'll do it you can do it right you can
do it fist bump
alright okay you show the world how you
sit got this okay to be nervous she's
still learning all right it's just that
side to side we gotta work on huh no
remember it's like a tree getting cut
down yeah and she's super tired like she
don't have much left no excuses we're
not tired
she's better in the mornings there you
go oh my gosh she's getting so big when
I seen her doing things like this Oh
daddy's making mommy no baby okay get
off me thanks for saving me that way
honey
she's starting using the camera big time
she's like no I'm ready for big uns Oh
okay guys good morning good morning in
his current day this is kind of a habit
I've been having lately just continue to
blog into the next morning nitro is
looking everywhere for tux are you
looking for tux I know where he is I can
help you find him where is he where is
he why can't you find him I found him do
you want to know where it is yeah do you
guys notice anything let's just see I'm
just gonna scan his tail Ovitz you guys
notice anything here we go seems normal
looks normal like a normal tree nothing
to see here
keep going up keep going up just keep
scanning you guys see anything there's a
sign some sort see nothing nothing
oh there's tux tux don't even look at me
I see him I see him
yes I do anyway guys good morning good
evening good afternoon or whatever time
it is for you uh thank you for being
here today
yesterday's vlog we got to get our house
the house is destroyed we have a bunch
of people coming over for pictures today
like family stuff and I mean there's a
pack of underwear on the floor we just
have a lot to do so I'm going to say
goodbye right now thank you again we
will see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile
you
