hey guys what is going on it so it's a
very very late start today hey buddy I
love that smile we are we spent the
entire day working on you guys know
yesterday we did the entire photo shoot
for the smile more store and today
Britney and I were on the website all
day going through every photo photo
shopping putting them on the site the
inventory ah stuff you guys is just
details that I don't put the vlog
probably up uh someone in the blog
we're headed to her growls mamas right
now get all the Leafs watch watch what
oh she got the guard dog out the guard
dogs here here is Louie you open the
door dude I'm too scared
look at that vicious dog what's up with
y'all what all from outside sneaky this
used to be our cat a lot of you guys
probably didn't know that this is our
kitty at our old house sneakers what's
that our cat - yeah really
that was his Kane's kitten oh my gosh it
gave you a whole petting zoo so this is
it this giant box oh my gosh mama got a
big ol present UPS man said Susie undo
that it's gonna all come out it's gonna
blow up it's a prank box so this is a
gift to mama
and I can't believe they didn't take it
upstairs for you we have to call some
people we have to call some people I can
get it you got it by yourself you need
some help can you wanna help me you know
what I got my over are you excited
oh yes
I'm so excited I am I want to see them
on my grandma there's a big dog at your
door I know he came over and over he
comes over to play with the Louie Lou
hey here mama you vlog grant duck you
blog shall we hear you no don't okay
yeah okay thank you gotta do it ma ma
watch.com oh my gosh is really heavy you
vlogging can you put it on a little
stand oh you got a walk I like it second
one you knew it yeah are you stuck or
what oh geez how's it all ready I'll
push oh boy you dig all right well this
is a real treat guys we've never filmed
inside Mama's room let me ask you
something yeah
you've been playing darts or what are
you look it says Vicki loves Brian yeah
that's that's my mom and dad
what is this mama I don't know what is
wait you a a bo Jackson fan
look at this straight up okay Wow now
we're just unwrap it the things that we
actually vlog in our lives is so crazily
what what are we doing wrong I don't
know
single box seriously that's per month
bird look at mommy
whoo look at that
all right mama try it out this is yours
you try it out this is super super duper
oh ma you're never getting up oh my oh
my okay what do you think let me like me
tell let me ask you something yeah how
long have you been sleeping on that
mattress Oh many many many many years I
don't know whether it was easy to make
it in bed I don't know whether we gotta
mother's mattress as your mother's not
dressed and then I got it and then I
gave dirt so this this you've been
sleeping on this for probably longer
than some of my viewers have been alive
you're right that mattress right 25
years old
yep well that better than your stroll
and stuff you were sleeping on before
that so here's what happened the guys
over at Casper calm said hey we want to
send you in your family a mattress this
is this is $750 mattress so we were like
well we don't really need one right now
but at the same time Brittney was like
Momo really needs a mattress so we sent
it here do you love it or what I'll let
you know tomorrow I slip on oh you gonna
sleep like a baby probably okay guys and
for that I'm gonna give them a serious
plug a serious shout-out this is a I'm
literally reading it right off their uh
their site here it's a risk free trial
if you if you buy one of these matches
they'll ship it for free right it's free
they'll give you a hundred day trial if
you don't like it they they pay to have
it shipped back oh that's oh yeah funds
went crazy yeah your mattress is 750
bucks I just sent it to you Seavers you
very good thank you
oh it's American me it's an American
company these are made right here in
America that's pretty cool for us he's
local ah zoomed in to your face yeah I'm
a little bit like your face dang it no
hooking you guys up to $50 off of use
Casper com4 slash Roman my name use code
Roman they'll give you 50 bucks off 100
a free trough you don't like
it I'm guessing you like it yeah I would
like it we should get some of these for
our guests we just line the whole
upstairs with them for like when people
come to make them mostly box so big
shout out to Casper thank you guys uh
mama all needed the so bad I think she's
already fall asleep yeah I could links
in description guys check them out
nice nice company to hook us up like
that I think I'm gonna stay here tonight
alright bye peace see you guys next week
and one Bahamas okay guys so like two
days ago three days ago when was our
anniversary two days ago we went out and
we failed we went to dinner we got there
we had no money so we had to go back
home totally almost embarrassing at this
point my life that I couldn't take you
to dinner on our anniversary
oh so we're getting we're getting kind
of a second chance a little bit Cain
stayed with mama they're going home and
then Britney and I we're gonna go to
dinner my whole family's actually gone
and then her and I were going out we're
gonna go run around and do some stuff so
you guys want to join us stick around
yeah it's gonna be so much so much fun
can you honestly imagine Cain's face the
both the boys face we did an upside down
tree that's the goofiest thing I ever
seen in my life you guys ever seen that
I've never we got into town just a hair
early so we're walking into the store
looking at Christmas stuff we could
definitely use more ornaments we don't
have many ours are all like the generic
just ballsy buying a box I like doing
just the balls see I think that's
because when I grew up archery was like
the most random I kind of like that
though like talking like an ornament a
year and then buy time we're like 5,000
years old below like when I was a kid go
have a waffle pawnshop on our street
it'll be awesome I doubt you guys can
hear it but they're already playing
Christmas music oh I just okay we just
got the text everyone's at dinner so
we're going on now we're late we were
really early see this is why we're late
Thomas
I remember when Noah loved Thomas Kane
went through a little train phase but
not like Noah was everything was tranqs
hey I love you I'm not just saying that
because these guys are watching all
right so we're right back in the exact
spot we failed this week to redeem
ourselves at dinner we actually brought
money this time you scare me to death
everybody just need like Kings I got
chicken fingers and fries and my classic
it was my choice that's what I want oh
my Lance uh that's that's huge
oh my god don't try it like a picture
it's like a cut I wasn't gonna let you
have any anyway since Dale and I were
little kids we used to play this game
whoever can guess the tab without going
over would always win a dollar I feel
like that number should go up by now
Hobbs OS is not worth anything I tried
to get through the winner to the loser
de FEV staff to pay the dinner since
we're now a little older and I am tired
of paying out the dog so basically we
played this game forever I guess
we had a big big meal lots of dessert I
went high 110
I said 104 just 115 92
you can't go over you can't go over if I
say 122 all right okay I can't I can't I
can't guess and the winner is 144 144
what was yours 122 so you get to pay for
what you get you get why was that once I
shoot oh man so Brittany and I bounced
over to the store real fast to try to
find a craft we've been I know I know
she's so excited
wait oh my god you can get in it yeah
you write it look I saw this side and it
was a kid just drawing I was like oh you
can draw on your Dyna so we came we were
trying to fight we've been doing a lot
of crafts with Kane keep him busy doing
doing things he's all about darkness
we're since that Lego game come out so
this is I know cardboard what a freaking
genius whoever came up with the idea to
make cardboard animals and sell them how
much money do you have in a cardboard
animal a lot of people I guess last year
for Christmas got the cardboard houses
and you got to color the whole thing
yeah see guys I'm telling you guys start
your business this guy somebody laughed
at this guy a hundred percent he's like
yo I want to make animals out of
cardboard and sell it somebody laughed
at him 100 percent now it's cool man
watch we're gonna take home show cane
he's gonna flip
jeez I wasn't even near you I don't want
those back take the band-aids take the
band-aids can I get it the kids are so
much fun mom we're heading home that's
it that's our night what did you say it
like that why you looking at me why did
you think it like that
I was like it was all night you know we
can secretly plan just what's not on my
nose that counts the heck knots cuz we
had like I thought this was gonna be
like this Kurt this great day I've gone
out and vlogging but we ended up working
and I didn't want to vlog two days in a
row of just work and then what I didn't
want to put that on you Ricky Bobby I'm
hurtin guys I came I'm like I just got
uh like I'm all stuffy and I've got a
headache from a Qi double hockey sticks
would you do it play hockey
yeah play Donkey your own dinosaur I'm
like coming down out of nowhere
oh what's not again not again I can't be
sick enjoy your nice new bed I'm going
to a that's why I'm anxious to get home
you better call me as soon as you wake
up and tell me how you slept the eggs
would be like 4:00 in the morning I got
up this morning hey maybe this new bed
will make you sleep on it you want a
little mozi get some salt water and heat
it and sniff it I don't know
that's what you do a solenoid oh I feel
terrible
yeah sounds awesome what are we doing
how do we do this looks like you already
drew and stickered it before I even got
over here just like that yeah you guys
ever struggled like just building a
pizza box or something this is like
should I used to fold pizza boxes that
was your job no it's like extremely look
at these instructions probably the worst
instructions I've ever seen hahaha mmm
it's like the human brain configuration
right there I told you guys that we were
extra in the mood for Christmas this
year like super in the mood check this
out
cane Brittany Roman know how awesome
they're huge yeah just say Santa's feet
that big came great right our new
dinosaur haha what's his name Hustler's
all right guys I'm truly just not
content and happy with my energy right
now
I don't feel good and I'm just
complaining like I hate doing so I'm
gonna pick this up in the morning I will
see you guys in like one second um I'm
gonna rest up um I think I've hit my
point hey you like your Dino okay see
you guys once a hair and just like that
we're back guys good morning good
afternoon good evening I'm not sure what
it is but I couldn't leave you guys
hanging last night I was so like kind of
like that I'm not doing that much better
today to be honest with you I'm really
congested and I'm just off a little bit
I was the whole vlog yesterday you guys
probably seen but I couldn't leave you
guys on a down side you guys know I'd
love to leave you guys on a positive
note ready to conquer your day and kick
some butt keep some real peanut butter
butt
I love you guys so much thanks for
sticking around through this video I'll
try to pick it up for you tomorrow and
hopefully I just get back on my feet
I've been I'm just uh I don't know what
it is little fatigue and a little
stuffed up and I don't know let's move
on let's move on I love you guys we'll
see them all don't forget how amazing
you are how important you are how
delicate you are beautiful you are we
love you
