are you ready for today so it's gonna be
our last day here in Canada with Pete
and his girl and we're gonna do
something fun today something extreme
something that raises the blood levels
who's ready what's in it before we do
this crazy stuff we're gonna go eat
because you know we have to eat this guy
has to eat I feel really hungry it's
been like four minutes since you ate
we're eating at the Three Stooges I love
it okay so my brother my dad and I
always watch The Three Stooges why is
this place called The Three Stooges
is there any reason or good can I ask
you a question why is this place called
The Three Stooges nobody knows nobody
knows that was the sign that was for
sale on eBay and something is like let's
just put the Three Stooges maybe just
like you you know it's a favorite show
yeah is this you trying to kill me I got
the a monster pile look at that this
what am I gonna do with this dad I think
how much eat that you can possibly like
a quarter than this over this over
moving on there's nothing worse than
this is a real pet peeve for me
forgetting the worldi that's for your
mom what are you doing there's nothing
worse than forgetting deodorant my guys
don't hate you agree I hate for getting
deodorant it's like a it freaks me out
I cannot stand if I smell bad and I will
smell that no words yeah like I have to
have my furious picks bitch that's your
new name do that furious pit yeah I
didn't think it was that allows food
Pipo me oh yeah I believe it's
terrifying how come all these are not be
funny if the whole thing was like oh
that's wait that is so all I want to go
there so bad there's like nobody there
though it is y'all ready for this
alright guys so this is one of the
tallest towers in the entire world
apparently you can walk off the edge of
the building just step right off and
we're gonna do that and you've never
done it
nope the girls are in a hurry to get
there you guys are like are you ready
last chance to turn around guys you're
in once you walk in it's game over we're
going so how many people died a year on
this hero zero people hold me basically
it's pretty terrifying if you've ever
even if you're not scared of heights I
think it's scary she's so scary
Britney's pretending she has service in
Canada
this is so sad
I'm get you to go to those video cameras
and stuff that you're speechless how
does it feel guys it is beautiful and
you are 356 meters in the air
a hundred and sixteen building stories
up and one thousand one hundred and
sixty eight feet high have a little peek
over and see how high you really are
guys yeah try to get the other foot over
I'm gonna chop
oh my god
yeah just stay there and just an awesome
puts it and I straighten your legs and
lean back the window washer baby's gone
straightening them all the way back some
lock those legs in place and high ten
forcing myself got the nervous knees a
long breath you got a girl
he has a book IV I'll tell you when
you're there perfect one more little
step with the right foot straighten
those legs she was better once they're
straight don't lift up those chest
awesome look down guys and see how high
you really are yeah
ready drat the pose for me my excited
face alright another pose
and one more pose when we are now give
us book of world record holders because
this is a high stick sort of walk in the
building
alright that's it we did it we completed
it look it's me you know the quality is
so good
like that you can't tell right there but
I'm pooping I thought it's unbelievable
like unbelievably adrenaline rush feel
like awesome you guys know we collect
magnets wherever we travel so this one's
perfect it's a little CN Tower okay so
we're going up to what's this twist on
the book out level the lookout level
which is way higher than the spot we
just were level where you where you ate
the elevator to go up way up I know
that's what we're going yeah so we're
going to the time 147 building stories
there we go you can see through the
elevator
crazy why the stairs aren't all she has
come on you can I guess that's an option
you can climb this tower after stairs
that's where we were just walking on the
edge of the the buildings way higher
everybody have a good time that's pretty
freakin awesome I will say after you
after you've been walking out on the
edge the rest of the towers pretty cool
thing like it spoils you it does so
we've just gotten up to this there were
three why are we so tired you said this
would happen
we get so much adrenaline from walking
on the edge of the world and we'd come
down and be boring so we're sitting on
this awesome rooftop I know it doesn't
seem like what we are and we got a
pretty cool spot this is great man okay
so we stop for a snack we stop
yeah this is this is pretty unbelievable
this is it's what it's like hanging out
with Pete it's just abundance of food
you have a long trip home I've been
dying to come here Pete's bringing me no
this is too much for me I'm retired no
way yeah running from that summer so I
sold this place yesterday you guys know
I love bikes dude this is so sweet
Oh Oh
all looks so fun
this is the part of childhood that I
miss this is all I did
this is so awesome and oh my gosh this
is exactly where I live this is what's
lacking like there's nothing for kids to
do where we live like this is perfect
even though there's no kids here there's
tickets for people
he's flying I do can jump me for sure
I'm gonna have him jump me
what's your name did what is it okay
you've got so much height then you can
easily easily jump oh my gosh sick did
keep it up
just get back to Pete and we're setting
up for a challenge very interesting
challenge video you've done this before
video yeah but we're not gonna say what
you guys are gonna go to the store Brit
just ran off she's got a poop okay you
take this you take this and then strong
what you're gonna do okay everyone they
send that's to get baby food but twist
lock twist
now get any more than just baby food
we're getting secret ingredients peas
and carrots peas and carrot it's a good
one sweet potato and Turkey I would eat
that to be honest up once a gold green
beans green beans is a hard when I've
played it at so many baby games it's
strawberry
we could add stuff to strawberry oh yeah
I feel so evil
Peter pranked me once already
like really bad laxative cookies Oh so
we have our baby foods we just have to
find our feller
I think garlic yes mayonnaise Pete like
Pete say he is right he might actually
throw up okay so mayonnaise and then
what else
Sardi's Hardee's
I don't know if it's too mean but what
if we said okay here's the next baby
food and it's actually cat food I don't
think either of them will actually put
it in our mouths right this looks like
food that you would normally eat it's
cute
nicely chicken it's some steamed wild
Alaskan salmon I mean I might just good
right so good we're gonna get there dude
I mean so pizza from and made me eat
captain I don't know if this is I don't
know for not if we're doing this yet are
we really doing it what if we just put a
little cat milk in there okay so we just
get back into the car and we got a few
tricks up our sleeves I hope how are we
gonna pull this off with like so much so
you do really careful cuz they're gonna
know something yeah like well we can
open the jars up beforehand they're
probably gonna be downstairs in the
basement for a little bit that's true
who's ready to try some baby food we're
all ready so you can't look we sort of
got same huh yeah so you guys whoa you
guys have to Eva Line folded and then
we're gonna show the camera what kind of
baby food you know what's crazy is I
have two kids you guys know that I don't
think I've ever tasted baby food they've
had to have like the banana okay so what
are you guys about to do I'm gonna do
the baby food challenge apparently Pete
has this idea where you eat baby food we
can't see what it is man
yes when it is yeah so I lost I played
I've only played this once before and it
was fun
sort of I'm Universitat a gross at the
same time but we actually bought the
baby food like we were filming it so we
actually saw yeah yeah when you think of
when you think of something that smells
exactly like it tastes I finished it I
swallowed it we were gonna get like
really expensive no it can't be no worse
than what we spent a food that actually
looks like me and like no it's amazing I
knew what dude you never ever go
blindfolded ever never ever is that a
good thing to do we're going through
some of our photos that we did today on
the walk and we did the Ohio even though
we're in Canada we still represented
over let's see oh yeah this is the this
is the this is boring that is a killer
photo we're all asleep
you know what's funny go back to that
look these two made me like the exact
poses like spur of the moment and
Britney and I look look that's amazing
that's when you hang around with someone
too long you do the same thing
you see it was a headshot I did that is
the appropriate way to end today's
everybody yeah that's what I've been
waiting for we set that up like two
hours ago that's cuz any waited our
great day very good day they pranked us
we prank that was perfect it was such a
good day guys go smash Pete's Channel
what channel do you want him to watch
vlogs are awesome you know if you like
check out the main channel later on you
can we want to send motivation over to
Pete's vlogs because he's got an amazing
story and he can inspire you every
single day I promise you that go check
out his vlogs I'll put them in the
description and just show him your power
man assume the power let's impress him
the power the power
outta ya we're gonna get up a prime out
you get up early
we're gonna try to get up go to Niagara
Falls and then we're headed back to Ohio
that's it we love you guys thanks for
everything
thanks for all the thumbs up see you mom
miss mama so it'll be Britney a nice
first time to Toronto yeah I'm excited I
love these big big crazy cities and
apparently this has the number two
tallest building right in the world
might be no number three number three
