hey guys how the heck are you today it's
a beautiful beautiful day hey guys hi hi
so I can't lie to you today Cain and I
really haven't felt that good in fact it
took me almost all day just to get this
vlog camera up and start rolling you
want to show everybody what we did
yesterday oh sure what we built just in
case you didn't watch yesterday's vlog
me and the boys decided well we built a
trampoline in the basement and we
cheated a little bit you see most
trampolines require these it's like the
greatest idea ever in life and this is
the greatest idea ever so I don't know
if many people knew this if you take
this part out
wait this isn't the right piece I don't
know if many people know this if you
take this bar out and just put the legs
on you have like a little trampoline
whoo ha ha
Oh Kane you got this you got this
whoa you're a daredevil so the ideas are
kind of endless from here but I do have
one quick fun idea you guys want to do
it I need some help come on I need out
you can help me come on little boys I
figured since it's just the boys and I
today Brittany is with my brother's wife
they are at grocery shopping filling
this out so I'm stuttering so bad at it
bring is with my brother's wife getting
groceries we have emptied this house as
always with food so they're doing that
me and the boys are gonna play a little
bit okay here's what we need we need
where's our actual swipe skateboard all
right let's get some tools you got the
tools mmm
all right let's do it I'm gonna ask
ahead of time for you guys to forgive me
for my I'm full today my sinuses are
full my throat is sore I'm very off
today so bear with me we're gonna make
the best vlog we can today I'm ready to
entertain my boys they deaf
need to burn some energy these video
games just aren't cut just not cut so
here's something I used to do when I was
a kid it's very fun you guys can do it
too check it out I need a camera man
anybody want to be a camera man okay
zippity-doo-dah I'll spin it just make
it nice and straight we've moved up from
the crappy screwdriver yeah you got it
that's way faster yeah okay that's it
boom okay there you go there you go nada
that's it sit okay so now that we got
both our trucks off we can take this
board down to the trampoline and we can
do ski tricks on it
yeah you want to try that me okay come
on dude okay and you want to see Noah
ride down the steps on that oh yeah I'm
just kidding dude even even break his
face I would imagine that most of you
have done this if you haven't do it it's
a lot of fun it's a good exercise I get
beat yup you it'll try here let me show
you how to do it and then you felt me I
haven't done this forever so don't judge
me
Oh pretty much made it no joy only at
the outlet house do we say it's too cold
outside what do we do build a trampoline
inside it's perfect you ready give it a
try
show me up you better than me I didn't
do very good all right so you just hop
on and jump just like you went on the
trampoline two feet okay you're it's
probably harder with your hands in your
pocket there you go I don't know if he
gets it or not nice
that was really good for your first try
that's awesome okay I got one more idea
wait here I don't know if this is the
best idea I've ever had
but it can't be the worst I don't know
if this is charged do you think this is
possible
you do
hey that looks so weird try to bounce a
little bit easy now easy easy horsey
whoa
oh my gosh
that's pretty rad dude whoa Milo extreme
my little extremists Kane you always
know how to fill me with smiles dude
he's over you're pumping gas and escape
where you need gas for your board but
you did that
oh I never seen that I was gonna say how
did he just come up with that out of
nowhere I make your fool you got the
keys we're gonna run over promise Noah
we would go over and pick up Owen today
so we're gonna go grab him for a little
bit I got such a late start to today's
vlog guys it took me all day to just get
up and move look at this beautiful
evening though really pretty
let's go booger monster look you see the
moon yeah that's pretty cool all right
dude I'll see you later
Cain's gonna go pick up on I guess no
you just start in the car I hope you
guys are having such a wonderful day
there's so much negativity going on
right now just painful heart-wrenching
things that I'm reading on the internet
stuff with Paris and it's so painful to
see this and it's so hard to look at it
please please please don't wait for
reminders to realize how amazing and how
precious each one of us are we are
amazing and I'll see how any of us can
hate the next person we are all awesome
please don't wait on reminders
understand and be so thankful that you
have today I'm with my boys today I
couldn't be happier I love these guys be
thankful every day for what you have
we're so delicate
we are just so fragile and running grab
him I definitely don't want to come on
here and start venting or ranting I just
you know you guys know that I push this
positive energy in this this company
company is smile more and it's so hard
to see these tragedies take effect and
then try to promote happiness it's so
difficult so I guess what I'm trying to
say today is that understand how fragile
we are how sensitive we are we we got to
be thankful for every single minute we
have here on this planet and we're here
together we're all a team baby we're all
here together let's make it fun let's
make it good for all of us let's get
this chair you got it yeah what's up
Owen hi okay we're back home you got
five minutes five minute drill
everything you want to take needs to
happen in five minutes
wake up wake up paddle stick oh he wants
to show you something yeah oh geez that
awesome yeah it's amazing
hahaha I just got that what's on the
drink all right I'm gonna take the steps
looking down stairs okay I'm very bad
whoo ice water right now I want someone
drying out well spray oh oh the
elevators working cane judging elevator
can be very good oh oh the escalators
working hey yes later yeah no I hate get
on these things with it nothing's done
you know I'm just gonna take my video
ready to say harder a pedal it's so real
you ready yeah okay we're gonna go over
to my brother's house play some video
games really want to do that right now
my little TV
hey guys so last night we head to my
brother's house to play some video games
and it is current day right now we're
waking up the next day Cain had fallen
off of Dale's couch and cracked his head
open I'm not even kidding it was like
terrible we were like right in between
do we go to the hospital or do we you
know is this okay it was just a huge
friggin mess and it's crazy as we did
all that stuff on the trampoline and all
that goofing off and he never got hurt
we go over he falls off the couch and
gets hurt he's doing pretty good Hey
Dude when mommy's not around huh can't
leave you with daddy for one minute so
he's doing a lot better how you feel
buddy feel okay yeah he was I took it
like a champ I never seen a kid take it
so uh I didn't put it in the vlog it was
just I don't know it is something I
didn't even grab my camera it was like I
was attending to him all night
what big dinosaur anyway so yeah King
out of his first real boo-boo huh it's
your first one it was pretty serious
yeah I'll show you guys as it heals it
up a little bit so yeah guys kind of a
quick ending to last night was no things
happen man when you got kids and family
it happens which by the way today is
Miam only seven year anniversary yeah so
happy Anniversary lover Wow seven years
down seven years hundred to go I wish I
had that much time in it anyways uh yeah
so we're gonna start fresh right now the
vlog will start off right where I'm
leaving this one and we will see you
guys tomorrow so that's gonna do it for
the vlog we will start off tomorrow
right where we're leaving off today and
hopefully get a full day of logging in
and uh Cain's doing better I'm so scared
last night what's the worst injury you
have ever had I have broken both bones
and both my arms that was terrible not
at the same time I'd actually broken
in the Sun first and then broke both
bones in the second so what is the tell
me in the comments what's the worst
injury you've ever had my brother had a
bunch of stitches in his head what's
your worst injury having a baby haven't
came actually it's not that long ago oh
that's right yeah you can still see the
scar
Dale superglued it for me holy cow hi
Momo
okay guys to tell me you're worse any
what's your worst injury you've ever had
what's the worst thing that ever I broke
my arm after I was 70 after 70 thought
you were only 50 no I never and I never
had a broken bone in my I've broken arms
I've never broken anything that's it
guys we'll see you tomorrow
thanks for everything tell me what your
worse injury injury has ever been and
don't forget to smile Hey Dude think
Kane's happy to see you well now it's my
turn
now it's my turn for love ah my little
booger oh I got both my boys today Oh
