hey guys what is going on we are getting
a well Alfie's out of here you ready man
it's Friday the 13th and my plane is
about this big definitely don't ready
little superstition happening it is
Friday the 13th he's getting on a plane
and the first plane he gets on is so
tiny like he was like a pop in the sky
oh I'm a backs broken oh no it's a sign
bro already bad stuff I won't be get on
that plan
so dude I had a great week I had a great
time I can't wait to come over to your
place yeah you guys have to come and say
we will be over very very soon I think
we got to plan out some crazy stuff we
just said in my videos I said anything
that I should do in the UK with you guys
let me know
oh no it's perfect all right if you guys
have any ideas let us know we're gonna
go pick up my son Noah take out free to
the airport and continue this day it's
beautiful sunny finally huh hey little
dude hi what's up man getting that gas
getting that gas
little did sleepy it's beautiful out
here we are back to the airport what up
what's up yeah for sure
alright oh man nice to meet you see
sometimes
we'll see you in Europe coming to the UK
well maybe we should do a giant meet up
there oh my gosh you should
did you've never done one in the UK I I
did I did you under the big bin like
right yeah area yeah that was before I
ever vlog it's like old school yes
cuckoo cuckoo you've upgraded to the
passenger seat time to get all these
orders out you guys know we're like
killing it for the Christmas season
making sure you guys all get your orders
in time Oh what oh boy
hope you guys are having an awesome day
I think it's gonna be a lot of family
day today me and the kids Britt come on
help her no always helps me up I know
it's cold it's so cold but the sun's out
so I'm smiling don't there's one one
down all right guys today dude we almost
filled three tubs three roller bins full
of small more merch so awesome guys oh
it feels way better in here
okay so every day I drop off mail I get
one of these full of mail that you guys
have sent us it is absolutely insane how
much mail you guys say look at this
these are letters these are all letters
that's probably just a few days crazy
whoa hey dude Nick canes happy to see
you
well now it's my turn now it's my turn
for love ah my little booger oh I got
both my boys today oh whoa hey mama
Oh gettin beat up over here all right
guys so today I think kind of a family
day we're gonna hang out together as a
family my hair will be it refuses to do
what I wanted to tape it what not
stand-up right
it's just a rat oh yeah I'm just it's
fun it looks good like that's right
anyways yeah we're kind of just hanging
out I think my mom and dad my brother
and his wife and kids are coming over
tonight it's just gonna be a family day
and I'm not gonna lie I kind of need it
I'm looking forward to it big time
it's so frigid it's freezing outside yes
whoa this won't give you nightmares you
gonna sleep Rhea sleep good tonight no
ugly is it always that rough what is it
always that violent it's not much it's
like on a date I am I don't know if I
said this on volume this is the first
year I've ever been excited to do like
not just like Christmas I'm excited for
Christmas but I'm excited to like do the
Christmas thing that's how you know I
think that's why I know I'm getting old
I swear this year's like I want it
someone to decorate put our tree up on
it I feel like that this year too
because you're getting old tainted yeah
so yeah even though it's not even
Thanksgiving yet we're both like talking
about Christmas stuff putting our tree
up you guys know we have a giant tree
fills this whole area oh and we get all
those scented things that actually
smells like a real tree yeah oh you're
learnin your your lock-picking skills
well this is just a good game for you
kids hey what do you think about pudding
um now you put like the green stuff
around like the Bannister what about
putting some on top of the cabinets yeah
why not let's load it up
lights in leadless bringing real Leafs
from outside and I don't know would you
see what I got teas for the golf balls
they hold the golf balls up so you don't
hit the grass so easily and piss pops up
it's freezing it looks so nice and sunny
but it's freezing no Brittany just came
up with possibly one of the greatest
ideas she's ever come up with ever in
her life she just said what if we built
okay
if you guys remember the video where I
filled my house with plastic clay balls
we built a trampoline upstairs so I
could jump off the top floor
she said why don't we build it
downstairs we have all this space we
have really high ceilings probably
doesn't look high on the on the vlog but
they're high enough for the kids
I don't know I think it's a genius plan
I don't know if it's tall enough what do
you mean oh it's long enough
well the half size if you built it half
this is the actual gas pump from the
stealing gas prank I still have that so
I opened up all the trampoline parts and
I figured you could build this without
the poles here shut up you can do it
like this without the center post I
think they would buy them out Jane would
know the bigger kids would know would
you think that's still foot for foot
I don't know you could try it and see ah
luckily my brother's coming over he's
the expert on building everything when
he gets here we're gonna ask him let's
get his opinion on it kids and I a kid
would have them here the kids need it I
don't know if I ever showed you guys
this we kept one bag from that prank
those are all the balls from the prank
still there's gun things that i shoot
that blow up we should put one in that
bag blew thousands of balls all over
someone's here what are you hiding I
said someone's your cage took off the
hide chair right there in the kitchen
here right here right here Kane's not
here uh-uh
hey what's that I don't know what that
is it's not Kane I did your eye thing
beer hey candles is he gonna keep he can
move one and the other now try it do
cross it come on i'm just brought over
the mother lode of nachos look at this i
love when you visit well typically the
girls are cooking for me so i've been
wanting to do a little something for
them know what come get some nachos hey
somebody else is here who's here
here you got you got protection I'm
almost coat or grandma at my small house
you going on there - Noah get in there
get in there they're coming in her yard
hey guys who's that alright here's our
attempt at putting a trampoline in the
basement hey Britt great idea why that's
loud
moving right along this is gonna be
sweet we had a trampoline we always had
a trampoline fact well it just wasn't in
the basement yeah no I know okay when
really bad ideas become reality
here you go you guys ready come check it
out come on down your little wild
animals no well that's sweet you guys
already been close
not even close you're not hitting the
floor
not even close if we put the bars on
they'd be hitting their head yeah it's
just the we just turned the smile Moore
store into a party boys Noah's gonna do
a trick what y'all ready
it's all you dude woohoo we come to life
right now
y-yeah like sideways have you ever seen
this okay this is uh I think we've done
this a long time ago but you take I
tasted it remember you ate it
oh that's right yeah he did okay so this
is a bar of ivory soap that's plenty
hey let's watch don't dunk dunk dunk
where you gotta see this you think it's
gonna get smaller or get bigger get
small get smaller you think it is going
to get smaller bigger he thinks it's
gonna blast off like this entertainment
long does it take up there goes oh it's
alive oh I can smell it I can't turn me
into my smell oh look at it down so it's
okay little B how how long do you do it
let it get big keep going it's getting
weird is it in I don't know in the hole
part
okay I'm thinking out that's good that's
like a big piece of pop not let it cool
wait till you touch it from turns the
paper it's still review oh I can't shit
hmm
tastes good all right guys warping late
into the night it is 2:00 in the morning
I just finished editing I want to put an
ending on this vlog two things three
things first thanks for hanging out with
me and my family today really needed
that just family time
didn't even film that much so forgive me
for that second thing Brittany NIH's
anniversary is Sunday this coming Sunday
and I want to take her somewhere this
week where should we go we only have a
few days to leave so where should we go
somewhere close to more fun
third thing there was a third thing I
can't remember I don't know that's gonna
wrap it up guys I'm losing my voice I'm
going crazy I'm about to fall asleep I
love you don't forget how awesome you
are you are one of a kind and don't
forget it
keep a big old smile on your face I love
you smile more are you always licking -
itches oh yeah I can't want the bed
thank you think it's good
