hey me five boom what's up guys we are
home today it is a home day and I've got
a mission I'm gonna explain this to you
a lot of you can probably relate this a
mess right just tons of crap everywhere
all these cool toys you want to play
with your stroller
here's basically what's going on we have
all these things that always need
charged electronics RC cars hoverboards
balance boards whatever you call them
this awesome one wheel thing endless
camera equipment tons of GoPros
basically what I'm doing is I'm going to
turn this area that's being unused just
stored with stuff I'm going to turn this
into a charging station
won't that be cool so we can charge
everything and we can drive our C's
whenever we want yeah I don't like it
either let's let's scrap the whole thing
be back by dark
I don't know if I ever told you guys
this this is like a super serious
commercial mower it's a zero turn mower
I don't know if I ever told you it came
with my house one of the deals when I
bought the house as I said I want the
mower and they actually agreed to it
kept let us keep the mower so that's how
I got this big thing here's a piece of
trivia for you guys what are these from
Brittany's digging through our LA bosses
these are from our apartment in that way
they still are sitting here I think it's
just this one Brittany was like no we're
gonna ship them home I'll go through and
they'll be out months later they're
still sitting making progress teamwork
makes the dream work it's about the
concrete's all stained up so bad yeah
how do you remove stains from concrete
look at this it looks like an old barn
clean one hole you make another hole
that's just how it works now we got to
figure out what to do with all that
Kane's got he's got all new toys from LA
so he's like forgotten about him it's
like a whole new if you watch the LA
blogs Jess for his birthday just sitting
a whole box of dealing Conrad's toys you
remember remember a fan that for your
niggas really oh that's right I gotta
take a quick break look at this
oh it looks like barf stew so Brit made
her famous chili you guys know last
night
last night's blog she prepared it
there's stuff up wait these aren't paper
bowls are we using real bowls yeah it's
so hot give you a plus a plus plus on
the chili with a smiley face you ready
here fill me
that's a whoopee cushion are you ready
wah oh man when you talk all my farts I
like that
hey how was the chili it was very very
good and I know Brittany made chili cuz
people start showing up here animals
like you were unexpected you're busted
just say it you're busted don't blow it
back up good look more people showing up
for chili oh man I love it
look what the cat drug in hey hey
thought we'd come by and say huh did you
smell the chili yeah actually get out
hey mom hey well how are you and we went
from nobody's coming to visit - are
these awesome come all these awesome
guests we want to make sure we got to
see a little bit I know it's been ideal
oh we have time
is the balancing bird what everybody
loves your chili it's a hit at the party
we are warping into the night as we
always do in family is here look at this
it's like a toy company blew up in my
living room it's like the aftermath of
the Atwood family stopping by and a
little bit of your family I can show you
guys the garage now check this out looks
pretty good right look at that that's
progress right there the reason it looks
this good is because I pretty much put
the crap everywhere else this is all
trash look at this look at this actually
now there's nothing in there I really I
goal today was to build like a table and
and all our plugs so we could charge all
our crap but I got distracted family
just started showing up and I knew last
night I asked Britt was like is anybody
coming over she's like nope
I knew better I much rather have my
family here though then work on my
garage so I'm very happy about it
alright guys so I think what I'm gonna
do since I spent almost the whole day
cleaning and just hanging out with the
family I literally shut off the camera
that clip you seen on my mom was the
last time I turned the camera on tonight
it was so needed for us to just hang out
and talking and just be a family I'm
only home for two days so we kind of
soaked it up I put I put the mower down
in the smile Moore store so yes what I
think I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna
call it a night I'm gonna I'm gonna pass
out and pick this up tomorrow for our
trip to Canada we're out relieving
basically what I'm saying is everybody
went to sleep on me everybody's in bed
so I'm gonna pass out I'm gonna get some
sleep I will in vlog time I will see you
in one second just like that just like
that one second later it's another day
it's beautiful it's sunny that bug
probably not having a good day
many of you know we are packing and
headed to Canada today it should be a
really fun entertaining week especially
for the vlogs gonna be doing a lot of
cool stuff just for you sorry guys I'm
just waking up I thought it's a mess who
else thinks it's a really bad idea we
had all that chili and then we're gonna
go get in a car for eight hours if it's
gonna be a warzone in there so I wasn't
going to tell you guys this was going to
make it a surprise and just put it up
and I'm working on a huge prank I know I
always say that but once this one goes
up you're going to see why it's been two
months since I put up a prank this one
has taken so much time and energy out of
my brain I think it's gonna be worth I
hope so
ah dude look at this house what's going
on here you can take it over
hey mom you ready to go to Canada all
right guys get all showered up ready to
go good news
I'm telling the good news we got
Internet oh they just came out and rerun
our line for the internet which is oh
sorry leaving today we aren't even gonna
be able to use it because we lean any
minute we're just showing up getting
ready to go bad news and you guys are
gonna kill me I already know what
they're gonna say I just dropped my
brand new screen and cracked it like
that I know everybody's gonna say why
the heck isn't in a case why didn't you
put your phone on the case I the case
comes today look at you putting on your
face the case comes today oh now I gotta
go to Cannon with a bright actually my
funds I'm gonna work in Canada so screw
it hey what are you doing in him home
all he has a thing bite my butt shark
well one thing super cool about not
flying we always fly on all our trips
but we decided to drive take an 8 hour
road trip the cool thing is we can take
everything we want flower cannon dunt
dunt dunt
barber tools gonna check that for sure
it looks like a gun case yeah but you
can take a cannon let's take this stuff
we're just taking everything toys why
not Eddie's charge yeah completely
whoa okay give me a hug my mom okay have
a good time careful be careful you're
not flying you're driving before every
road trip you must make at least one
initial stop to get junk drinks snacks
you name it go ahead so much junk to
choose from all the options in you and
water I don't pick up how about pickle
chips babies every day you got chocolate
cookies one for you one for me Oh
his-and-hers crazy thing is I actually
need to end this vlog because we are
into the next day we're already
traveling to Canada I'm working on the
vlog as we speak and somehow I have to
upload it while we're driving
hopefully my phone can pull it off I
stopped that life and pop the answers
that's provide free Wi-Fi yeah but their
uploads always bad no it's good about
well I think we'll figure it out you
guys we're pulling over there's no way
we forgot our frickin passports oh my
yeah I've been sitting there poor don't
forget the password my purse yeah but
they're not in your purse alright guys
here's the deal I'm gonna go in in this
vlog now so we can actually focus I can
get it done we either have to go back
for the passports or they're in here
somewhere my guess is we have to go back
because they would be I would remember
if I had them
start digging we love you guys so much
who's ready for Canada we're about to
tear it up have some fun ah yeah that's
it so we love you we will see them all
it'll start off right here in this exact
but probably we'll see you tomorrow guys
we love you smile more you're beautiful
no are you gonna write in your paper you
not want to take this girl off
