hey hey hey my friends we are at the
airport ready to hustle home yeah hey
buddy hey hey hey hey did you guys enjoy
California you know you were you were
going faster to California than back
home to Ohio she's like yeah on the way
he or she we couldn't keep up with her
yeah it's been a long trip cane Jeff fun
in California ah team give a good time
in LA I had a really good times but you
didn't oh it looks like you had it so
rough today we are leaving the LAX and
headed to Ohio back home for just a
couple days and we're off to Canada
we're going to Canada guys I'm excited
about that have you ever been to Canada
no you never been we can't forget our
Passport I would leave without my
passport so I'll probably hop in the car
think we're gonna drive oh yeah
we got any Canadian viewers out there
we're headed your way
poor mama I think we were out you want
me to get you one of the Malmo mobiles
the wheelchairs you want anything to
take home a souvenir nothing
and my hips and stuff we shopped two
whole days she's like and she's like a
used car guys we gotta take her in for a
tune-up get her back to Ohio throw her
in the jacuzzi and I'll be there soon on
the neck I'm next in line
there you go any socks ass loss on
slavka slaw flop top slot socks you see
the super big one yeah are you ready to
go home play no you must stay here
forever
you wanna play video games or you don't
play in the ball pit no you wanna eat
you want to eat a bunch of candy what's
an airplane do that's what an airplane
yeah let's go home yeah you want to say
hi to the guys
you say my talk can you have a visitor
go up and say hi they show you all the
stuff Joe get all them buttons did you
like that yeah thanks guys
see in Texas
all right we just walked past all the
flying stuff we are now in Houston Texas
hot is fire here Texas I don't know how
you do it as soon as you step out of
that airplane it's like Batman's got the
life two big bites two big ones there's
one that pizzas bigger than you are
having some quick food before we jump on
our second flight airport vlogs are so
boring I don't really know what to do
you should have been with me why was it
fun yes it was fun we got out of the
airplane
mama hopped on one of the motorized
carts and was gone like she won't even
tell us you just disappeared I told
Brittany I grabbed a ride I just saw
blurry beast fly by me no look at these
jawbreakers kane put your fist up there
put your fist right here look how big
that jawbreaker that thing would take
how long does it take to eat this thank
you what like yeah dude Ian that's I eat
it
yo we just got so lucky getting on the
so lucky they had them open the gates
we get to go home game
two and a half hours whoa Oh Kings going
crazy over my trumpet
two and a half hours will be home
up up and away
just steal those from mommy
just like that we're home are you sure
we're home it's beautiful
so nice this kid has got some energy
push you ply them along boring boy
that's two two and a half hours of
nothingness look at Britney's outfit
what's on backwards okay guys we are
home sweet home and this is our dinner
tonight cracker and cheese
the ladies emptied our fridge while we
were gone so there's nothing this is our
dinner doesn't matter just so good beer
some about coming home every time I'm at
the airport I'm like I can't wait to get
home there's just nothing that beats
home so that being said I think
tonight's gonna be the first night I
don't edit the vlog at night I'm gonna
go to sleep and edit tomorrow so I'm
probably gonna I'm probably just gonna
continue this vlog into tomorrow
double-decker Wow dude he's going for
cracker overload kid in your mouth huh
all right guys just like that it's a new
day I feel good I feel fresh I feel like
today's vlog as of yesterday was really
slow mile lane boring traveling in an
airport getting on planes coming from
California to Texas to Ohio is just lame
so I'm here to bring up the energy we're
starting fresh today it's sunny outside
it's beautiful but we have a big problem
like a Serie and not my hair I'm not
talking about my hair or my facial hair
we have a serious frickin problem and I
got to show you this this is so freaky
oh I can't even look at it
oh are you hunting hunting flies for
those of you did don't know this is a
salt gun you fill it with table salt
it's a flyswatter it shoots
disintegrates the fly leaves everything
nice and salty no literally there was
just two right
I see like they can smell it doll dare
get him wait for that landing is on the
window that's a baby
okay can't see it on here there he is oh
my god
you can also salt your food with it
amazing hi I gotta tell him the really
bad news here's what we woke up to today
this is so like I'm screwed I don't know
what to do okay guys so I was away in LA
all week and we had some electricians
out here to run a new new power lines
through the yard and guess what they did
this is my yard okay
this is this is kind of normal for them
to have to trench and and then they'll
have to backfill it it's called
backfilling they cut my freaking
internet line he have cut my internet
line guys last night we were going to
bed cuz we just got in from the airport
and I was like man my phone's not really
working whatever let's just go to bed
I woke up this morning to upload this
vlog and I have no internet so I started
thinking and and putting two two two
together they cut the line now my
internet company won't be out here until
the beginning of the week and it's only
Saturday I'm not going to say the name
of the electricians that did this but
I'm really screwed man my whole life is
the internet it's so hard and where we
live you don't even get cell phone
service out here without the internet so
up we're like we might just live off the
land cane we're gonna have to start
hunting for food we're gonna have to
build a fort we're gonna have to we're
gonna have to poop we're gonna have to
shower in the water outside and the
creeks cuz we don't have we don't have
internet no more so we can't shower
anyways we're pretty much you have no
idea what it's like that what did we
just do this with water our water broke
now we have no internet which one would
you rather have Internet the sad part
the real sad part of that
or is I rather be without water because
at least I can look up my number and
figure out how to cross one I couldn't
even look up time like it took me ten
minutes on my phone again what kind of
day are we living in when you actually
consider the internet you need internet
more than water that's bad yes I do what
some love you guys so much thanks for
coming home with us I hope you enjoyed
the la vlogs we had a lot of fun very
productive successful week that's it so
I'm gonna wrap this I'm gonna have a
vlog for you tomorrow we will see you
then smile more you're beautiful what
would you guys do tell me in the
comments what would you do I think about
it if the internet ended tomorrow it's
the last day for internet what would you
do smile more you're beautiful ah got
lucky about you
