guys think I can do my intro first try
today here we go yeah yeah yeah ah laugh
at me this is for real hey guys what's
up day when I got all the boys what's up
boys are you buckled in Dale will you
just walking around the car whatever you
wanna come on anyway we're taking all
the kids down to we call it the
Lancaster mountain to you guys it's
probably just a hill but to us it's the
biggest hill we have so we call it the
link Langston mounting a rising Park
whatever it is you monkeys ready to have
some fun or what come on your business
there's no what it's called nowadays my
beast and you don't come on we got to go
or racing the clock today this is the
entrance yeah hope you guys are having
an awesome day me and my bro decided to
bring out all the big kids today you
guys want to try to climb this spot we
did it last time
ah although there was no leaves on the
ground a lot of times slippery what's
the matter you getting tired it's
actually really hard to tell on camera
whether you're climbing up or down but
we took we didn't take the trail we're
actually making our own rope at here
yeah we go up this way yeah you guys you
guys go on without me oh how am i giving
it no vlogger gets left behind any
further we need a smile more logo Dale
it is this is the biggest tallest spot
that we have anywhere near us I'm pretty
sure what do you think
crazy
doglike goodbye he crossed the line yeah
oh this is sweet did this looks fun with
a bike managed come up as launched 360
McTwist backflip double off that no
problem barspin throw in an extra can
can or something no how do you feel
about your dad trying to kill you hmm
people coming up that right there you
have like a speaker I get a dummy of day
like a dummy like as soon as people walk
up it's screaming even better why am I
so demented a rope tied to like his tree
back here and a rope tied like the tree
way over there and have some fake
wingsuit guy just fly straight down in
the gas pumps and they explode
everything has to have an explosion oh
he's actually doing pretty good Sean
what's his name Ronnie Street stunts
Ronnie Street stunts taught you this ice
if he breaks his legs I'm blaming on you
Ronnie that's it ah that's so high dude
okay go for it
that's good look cool to me you guys
have fun it was fun woo that
temperatures dropping fast guys I don't
think Ohio is gonna be warm for much
longer
he looks a bit jumpy Danny we're running
you're bringing your chocolate milk in
running ain't got a pickup I want to
play some games online but I need some
Mike like a Mike basically mine so
complicated I can't figure out someone
for a cheap one it's real easy
let me read keys you Grand Theft Auto
with it yeah really
every any driving game no way look ex so
you can run with it too so you guys play
and laugh at me because I I don't like
complicated stuff I got Brittany got me
like these turtlebeach headphones last
year I think when the last Call of Duty
came out and I just can't figure the
thing out there's so many buttons
there's so many things you got to plug
in I just want something at you you plug
in and it works like I don't want to
charge stuff I don't I honestly feel
like the cheapest ones are exactly what
I want like I don't even care if they're
water I'm so sick of charges though my
breath stinks please take all right guys
we're gonna go home and play some
friggin video games I've been wanting to
do this for a long like literally just
play video games like I want to relive
my childhood you guys need to do all the
work and cook and clean and I'm gonna
play video games that's how it was
supposed to be
you guys are too strong
you're too you're too big I'm out gone
hey what's the trunk on the car was open
oh yeah we had a bunch of stuff from the
hey buddy what up do I get a hug
look at you oh my god she look awesome
I see who are you flash so my mom said
this is from your birthday for my bird
my birthday was in May
oh hey yo what okay but she said she has
one of these and she cannot travel
without it so she got you one oh I like
the sound of that
she also got me a car that says no i
order guys dressed like this you'll know
soon enough that's a good car I like
that all right
did you give knowing it's birthday card
yeah Oh awesome dude you can put this
right in the bag but does it make noise
look at your face mommy's trying to
clean you up Nina that can't be a
superhero all day huh and that is
exactly where we left off right there I
learned one thing last night okay you
know what I learned if you're trying to
get work done
you don't play video games unless your
work is video games and then you're fun
he flies fine and then every time I get
this up it's gone there's a fly in here
okay a couple of quick things guys
number one Apple watch giveaway we're
doing that
tomorrow's water right well announce the
winner so it's not too late if you want
to try to win an Apple watch just go to
our Facebook pages leave a comment on
the picture of us holding the watch so
easy we're gonna pick a random comment
tonight but it'll be in tomorrow's vlog
um today we have special guests flying
in at midnight tonight so really late
oh hi buddy come on in there's Sammy
come on in so surprisingly we haven't
had a special guest since Lucy was here
we got it we got to redo because we have
a new guest you guys know we try to add
we try to add something to the room
every time a guest comes and stays there
must've been a little kid up here
somewhere
that's why foo sees Christy hide and
snacks in here anyway we always add
things when guests come like this giant
mirror that painting was for KC new
bedding and things like that so we got
some stuff to do for our new guest today
what are we gonna do in here like we try
to do fun stuff alone but I'm stealing
it we are though Britney wants to change
we have a we have a mirror in our room
but and I don't ever use this but we
were just recording on the table so I'm
still holding it it's really weird but I
kind of like it cuz I'm way out here
that anyways we gotta focus and we're
gonna really big give back for the kids
for Christmas this year not our kids our
kids are getting crap I've been so bad
no but for the the blue car you guys say
I announce I'm giving it away you guys
actually gave me so many genius
suggestions I haven't even picked one
but we're working on that as well also
skydiving we have to do and we're
actually looking into it for this week
we're trying to go this week we're
trying I'm gonna I'm gonna try to make
that happen this week as well so special
guests flying in tonight this week's
gonna be awesome we're back on schedule
and we're ready very naval ancien even
if I have to boss a lot of pros every
day that's a lot of pressure we try guys
we really do try so we will see them all
don't forget how awesome you are
smile more so we got these big mushrooms
growing in the yard Noah wants to hit
one all right hey you do the next one
okay you wanna do it in slow motion all
right let's try it
