he's going he's going welcome to the
vlog guys what's up good morning how are
you yeah are you ready you want your
coat on
alright let's just run this is run I
can't run
oh oh she's sore guys seriously welcome
to the vlog we were going in Brittany is
plump today because she's finally
getting it's called Invisalign it's like
clear braces which by the way I always
liked your teeth so I'm okay if you
don't get them it's alright yeah but I
like crooked like straight teeth look
amazing but crooked teeth I don't know
it's you
I got crooked teeth I had visit line I
did it for a year and I just I couldn't
keep it I couldn't I wasn't responsible
enough I would take them out and forget
about it and after a year I just quit
doing it this was a while ago came I
know you're interested in this story and
you're getting a cleaning you see Lucy
you ain't got no teeth to clean you lost
mommy bunny is mommy honey mommy's first
mommy's first mommy's first let's count
cars do the same and cars go by every
car that passes that light if the count
okay coming this way I'm gonna be busy
for a while
twenty-nine trays no when is it gonna
say that's like 300 dude that brings
back some serious memories right there I
did mine for a long time that's it
yep it looks then I had to put like they
put these attachments on my teeth and
they snapped in but I guess the new ones
don't have that not the first one you
have a huge pair I hope it's attached
maybe I grow hair put the top one in
that's it in and out were all done he
got a cleaning you got your visit on it
I even sat down the scene got my crown
how to get a crown put it on a towel ah
super uncomfortable all right let's go
it's actually flurry and there's little
snowflakes I see them you know what when
it really snows I'm gonna be so happy
the things I haven't skipped any days
all right don't be a hater don't be a
hater you're a bad influence you're a
bad influence on me guys and I miss it
it just what you need hey you'll be back
in the dentist in no time yeah but
there's something replacing the sugar
even worse than the sugar itself boom oh
the truth hurts
sugar school buckle up it's the law
click it or ticket don't ever say that
- you know if that happened all we'd
here is Kane saying let's go let's go
soldier pabu flashy dude saw a little
space peanut what's up big girl
what flash was trying to say getting
jealous
yo i'll talk to my girl if I want to
talk to my girl alright he'll donkeys
out there yelling so country just text
me and said do you want me to do the
pond jump today so should we do the pawn
shop today he wants to do it you don't
think you should do it you want to play
what you think country should jump in
the water you do what about you
seriously it was your idea yeah does he
not know it's he has to know I know but
he said he want to get in the pond
before we even did that what do you
think Laura you did country should do
the job do you think you should do it at
your age I don't talk to me like I'm a
baby super cold today it's in the 30s
it's snow and floor nice knowin it's
been flooring like all day little bits
of snow what's known this morning
there's a little bit on the ground but
nothing down the right I mean look at
that water out there that looks so cold
don't you think don't you think give me
something just give me something yes now
maybe just anything I'll just take
anything at this point
see you shirt you sure about this
it's not what's the temperature 29 29
degrees today it's almost like summer
time is snowing merrily but yeah country
was one to just text me and city like
it's cold do you think it's close all
the way to you getting a little skivvies
and you jump right now you wear the
banana hammock
why you so speechless speak to us all
I'm saying is I'm not happy about this
chip wrong thing and you know about what
I'm picking up out of the chip wrong
there but ready to do it but don't know
long will we wait is like it's getting
cold outside just keep making fun of me
about bonus jump it's just no you got it
twisted we make it fun and you bro okay
there's one idea there you go
or you could just shave the beard again
these guys know okay so here's what Raph
you're committed to jumping in right
into 29Â° it's very cold we got to go
check the water temperature but I know
it's in the low 40s what do you want
let's make your fun like if you're gonna
do it let's make it fun so what do you
want to do this fun you want to tow in
with a bike off the ramp
no one just cannonball in you want to go
off the hot that you want to go off the
top dive do you want to go down the ramp
what do you want to do Hey so many good
options you can just you can do a big
old belly smacker off the tower if you
just like Bahamas you just like like
you're jumping in that hole again have
you ever been on the phone before and
just did a two-part series I could come
back another day so I don't know if this
hair why I don't know what you should do
but I think we should do something fun
if you're getting in I'm not I'm not
making you get in if you're getting in
you gotta do something fun hey I got
something for you
you get in I'll give you one of these Oh
a chocolate melted in your pocket I just
got it oh let's go have a look out here
man
it is freaking cold looks like snow
coming right there
ain't no water just looks painful I hate
cold water you guys know I hate cold
water I'm like a cat hates cold water
dude that looks so just cold the whole
shot looks cold all the trees are dead
whoo
let's check our all where to go oh here
it is let's check our thermo hold my
gosh
they were sitting right below 40 degrees
that means in the last few days it has
dropped 6 degrees in the water that
water's 40 only 8 degrees from freezing
the water it's getting there man we're
gonna have to turn the fountain and
aerators off to turn this into an
ice-skating rink it won't freeze I'm
freezing right now I'm going back and
have fun in the water dude
make sure you flog it you're gonna need
this camera so options top tower tier 2
cannonball you got the the drop in a
little BMX Joe you got the just the
cannibal off the dock get it over quick
jump off the highest part of the tower
it's just gonna be dope on top of there
and then you'll get get out get a towel
on and be done a towel
but we have to chisel you out of a block
of ice awesome would that be got out of
this water and going into a hot tub
you've seen Ice Age
that's gonna be you we have to chip you
out chisel you out and paw off that
Tower take that water me personally as
cold as that warden and what if it's
colder deeper you go down no no
technically technically it should now be
warmer below yeah think about it the
ground is always the same temperature
what's the temperature of the earth
roughly something like that all right
the top of the water is the coldest
right now I could be wrong but the
deeper the water right now should be the
temperature of the ground the top of the
water should be the coldest yeah just go
deep bro this is almost a warm up
because this winter we're all doing it
this winter when it's ice we're all
doing it I must show you what ok dude to
this date after years of vlogging my
number four most viewed video of all
time is me failing at getting in ice
water so that's why this is so important
this year we have to do this look at
that thumbnail dude right there three
years ago
21 million views so chain saw the whole
out of the ice saltwater apparently it's
pretty normal here to dip into the ocean
they chainsaw this out and you dip in
before work
oh there's a lake you haven't yeah they
just cut it and it's already look as
soon as you cut it it already freezes
it's on with the Dudesons and they take
me to Finland and it's they do this
extra days like in the mornings they get
into the salt ice water it's like the
way they wake up it's refreshing it
gives them energy so Yuka he's from
Finland he doesn't know problem like he
literally swim in this yeah do my whole
body shut down this is me trying to go
under a salt water in Finland breathe I
can't breathe dude I can't breathe if we
got the deep your head so yeah that's
why I got to do it this winter wheat but
we got to wait until we have to chainsaw
it out like a full block you go with the
chainsaw there Brian yeah I'm gonna do
this face even get that close to a
chainsaw for us I was in a tree you
knows you had one little sexuals ever
top this house Oh Chanel's whole bit and
I was cutting and it kicked back and hit
you in the face
no never give Brian a chance
that was this mark oh you do have a mark
of a big scar oh yeah yes I'm sir I'm
actually more hurt and see you didn't go
I told you I couldn't do it I was right
there there go that's why it hurts me so
much but this winter it's Redemption it
is full reduction I'm going under that
ice oh that ice isn't even close to how
cold that stuff was not this but it will
be yeah that was like dimension say
who's watching he's about to jump in the
pond with no house you gonna watch put
some shoes and jacket on be change your
mind
changing your mind you had a hot tub
wine got a hot tub I don't how about uh
you had it when you was jumping in that
was ice this is warm water broke get
over it Oh jumping in a bathtub
do you help I believe you could have put
that ice there how would you guys
promise me $200 chips in potato chips
it's here it's okay don't judge the
humans we're not all like this okay
we're not all like this you guys are
weird
yeah I wouldn't just going on a bike and
ran full speed off the dock you can do a
back foot today with the bike why don't
you do the cannonball yeah and why don't
I do it the way I want to do it get in
how do you want to do it how do you want
to do it you know why I'm not doing it
on a bike what cuz I draw on a $5 chip
it feels good you should get in with him
you just get a cantaloupe all right you
the man dude you don't man I love it I
love it
take it off are you going in with your
jacket ready when you are
Iceman
me to do anything he's so excited Oh Oh
cannonball cannonball ball cheese wait
wait wait
all right yo yo I gotta turn the
fountain off I guess I got to turn the
fountain oh okay fountains off we're
good
safety first out here all right man God
it looks horrific all set it's all ready
for you
don't you try to free my hands are cold
I didn't want you to jump into
electricity belt then you really he
wants it he was Tony the Tiger nobody
steak dinner yeah I'll buy you steak
dinner
deal deal deal deal the boy can eat a
lot of steak I don't know if you know
this he's gone yo big props he did it he
did it I don't think any of us at this
point would have done what he just did
out here it's crazy
where is he where'd he go
yo sacred Rajah
give me Mustang I already know every
everybody sitting behind the screen it's
like I would do that I'll tell you this
I'm gonna be honest I was not not jumped
in that water today like all of us out
there would not you were the only one
that would have done that this morning I
was like I rather just get it okay so I
want to show you yesterday's vlog that
member cuz we did the drawing
yeah member i'ma check us up so we did
the coins
250 250 s and 1 100 we're gonna let
everybody pick a coin then we're gonna
buy country in and say hey everybody
already grabbed a coin reaching grab a
coin however there's one coin that says
you've got to get in the pond there's
like there's a bag the says you got to
get in the pond that's the one you pull
a penalty so after everybody picks a
coin we're gonna replace the whole
barrel with pawn junk coins oh you've
been playin the video you know dude you
guys got me so
play jokes on me I can't believe me well
off to the next thing we're on to be
ridiculous I mean it's out of control
man I look I look bad I look bad
so jobs gonna chop me up fix me to bring
some like just for men to I noticed I'm
starting it I maybe it's the Bahamas but
my hair color changing a little bit I
don't know I think you got fluorescent
lighting because it makes my beard look
gray yeah I'm thinking it's the lighting
or just maybe trip away I can't figure
it out but uh yeah let's cut it up let's
chop it hey you can't be hugging on me
if I'm getting my hair cut flash he
always does this one hug when we get my
hair cut he hugs up on me he's like what
are you doing
woody you want your hair good is that
what it is I think he wants a trim and
put a lightning bolt put a lightning
bolt right here you ever seen the videos
of people who shave their Huskies
everything but the head and the feet oh
yeah they're like all those less imagine
doing a crazy shave job on him you won't
get your hair cut I can't wait till my
girl's hair I can't wait how long did it
take you Jon learn how to do ponytails
and pigtails actually I already knew how
to do it unfortunately I had to hear
down one bullet that's true I remember
that he did he had hair super long
it's gonna take me a while I'm in a
course gonna have some funky hair with
daddy doing it she's not gonna recognize
me now with my hair cut off got my my
fro busted what did you think what you
think you know her but I definitely make
it up guys that is our vlog today I love
you thanks for hanging out with us being
a part of everything we do the streak
has can see I think today is close to 30
vlogs maybe 30 I don't know
lost track there's so many it's like
either 30 or 3,000 somewhere between
there it's in between there we don't
even have 3000 vlogs total we have 1400
m42
23 no because I edit the I know the
number 14:43 I think we love you guys
thank you so much for everything we will
see you tomorrow you were beautiful but
one of a kind smile mwah was she doing
was looking doing
you
