hey hey my friend this is the side of
California I'm not used to seeing it's
pouring rain but it's beautiful too good
day
I'm meeting here at paradise tan what's
not rather are you doing man good to see
you
Jude what's up baby this is us today huh
yeah what can you rent these the tanning
or what yeah bikini you won't tell you
whatever I want so here's what's
happened guys basically production has
added like two or three pranks to the
movie barely they want to add some
length and maybe get rid of some things
that just aren't that funny so we're at
this crazy awesome
tanning place today hi hi is this our
snacks yeah
snack room I have never been to a
tanning place ever look at this thing
you stand up in it my god
I don't trust nobody dude I got your
back dog trust and they came here as a
restroom in this place now I hear rody I
hear you on your Thank You what are you
throwing something at me dude I'm still
on edge today I was just in the bathroom
probably Danis come pounding on the door
course it scared the crap out of me
literally is this makeup yep this is us
yeah oh man this is our movie budget
here guys when you see the movie this is
this is the budget of our our makeup
room you can actually use the bathroom
and get your makeup that's amazing us
that's multitasking they love you go
what's up baby I'm doing I didn't even
expect you here yet I'm just coming here
to you just happened to be here yeah
what a time you got a film in gold and
Finland with the pale that pale skin all
tanned up okay guys so today we are at a
tanning salon I'm about to do what they
said like this is torn by the way she's
doing all my makeup is this skin it's
latex look this is supposed to look like
dead skin basically coming off you kiss
here I just proposed let's make a real
bird basically look make it look like
I've been on fire it's gonna be pretty
nice it's gonna take a couple hours
probably together full body a couple
hours of makeup should be fun
whoa come you the tan me look at you do
yeah but national here my life shut up
okay that's a Kentucky in hey y'all
looks like did you look legit spray tan
hahaha
okay so it is just stuff called doping
gelatin yeah and you're gonna turn it
into what looks like bubbly burn scabs
yo hello everyone so we are off on a
mission today okay so I'm usually the
one
cuts Kane's hair but I thought he's all
math and it's time for a real haircut so
we're going to go to this place it's for
kids so hopefully it's fun and cool and
have a good experience and you're so
cute okay this is the final hair we'll
see it better outside Kate put your
pardon huh what is that huh oh it's an
airplane that you fling a ling shot ever
show you at work it's not dyed it's just
um like a hairspray - you love your hair
mama do you love his hair oh I just
think it looks so handsome okay guys so
I would say we're about an hour into
makeup and you can see that I definitely
look like I have some nasty friggin
blisters and burns all down my body oh
yeah my tattoo I think you did an
excellent job on that she was so worried
about the tattoo I think it looks
unbelievable Wow so we're pretty much
gonna scare people to death oh I can't
even take it
hello you look like just like your real
like you fell into some construction
well maybe glasses will help what see
yeah I mean I have no room to talk what
do you guys think we're working here
she's killing it here's the deal these
two guys sold me a tanning package Mike
it's not legit good it's like it's like
a tattoos my balls just scabs a little
bit
yes scabs Lou what are you guys doing
today I'm what do you guys is this your
desk not back here I want to see you
what are you guys doing you're trying to
sell people tanning packages this is
Gilbert Gil
we're going into instant sunburn mode
this is just straight painting me I'm
hanging all right guys so I just did a
nice little 10 minute session I think
for the first time in a tanning bed it
went pretty good
everybody's on lunch break but this is
what it looks like inside the tanning
salon oh I love this I could play with
this all day in zoom in zoom out Dennis
has no idea I'm watching him right now
all right shoes on I know it's hard to
take me serious right now because all
this makeup away and it's really
uncomfortable but we're having a good
time and I hope you guys are having a
good day
are you excited hey Raven on it this is
his favorite part is the trolley you
want to get up top
oh thank you oh thank you
it wouldn't be a trip without stopping
for food how to feed these two Rascals
I looked for out into Roman for the
streamys and I ended up getting him a
new black v-neck t-shirt then awesome
sport faux wood like velvet right like
it was really nice but I don't think you
would wear it so I'm hoping hands time
after he's working for the movie so that
he can come out and look Oh
saying I didn't find anything dressy
maybe they're just not going to wear
anything are we going to share some
chocolate cake oh yeah what's that a
deserter you can see no yet no some kind
of the cheesecake
hey hey
was there big corn dogs Wow can I cut
them up and doing our own kebab oh
that's probably hot right just like that
we're all done good day brother
everybody's packing up good job today
that was really fun whoo Torian yeah
awesome job today nobody's ever made me
look at that yes man you killed it
Canton is the best wrap job it's not too
bad Hey Jude hey man
fun day we went out to dinner soon yeah
we are doing tomorrow night
yes yeah let's do it me you in the fence
Christian is nice enough to be taking me
home today dude it was like an hour and
10 minutes from my hotel for this
location I know you guys have been
waiting forever for this movie maybe
some of you don't even care about it but
I'll tell you this we're putting the
most effort we have in this movie and
when it comes out it's finally going to
be done right we're not releasing this
movie until it's perfect so you're gonna
see the best version of this movie I'm
excited about it and if it still sucks
and we just suck
there is just no quick way to get around
the beautiful la is there this is just
oh shoot dude
you guys I'm gonna kill me you guys are
gonna kill me so you probably say PC my
viewers just saved me because I want to
put this on my shit I was trying to get
home what a good day how'd you feel
about today screams fun BMI looking ass
T it was kind of nasty I'd even show a
lot of it on the wire like nasty but
ready to get this movie out though man
it's taken forever I know I know I know
but it's coming along it'll be what 2018
all right guys I'm back home Britney
Kane grandma are still out this year any
time I I'm a filthy dirt ball right now
so I'm going to literally probably lay
in the shower I am so beat I don't want
to be a downer but sometimes you're
tired and sometimes you're beat like
you're just done that's what I feel like
right now my eyes are burning up sorry I
don't want to be it down I want to keep
you guys lifted I really hope that you
guys are um you know you're doing
something with your time and don't don't
wasted I'm telling you it's so easy to
let time go by and I always say these
vlogs time doesn't give a crap like it's
going with or without you like the next
guys gonna take your place
so come on do it I know it seems like
Roman Atwood just gets to do all this
cool stuff and make a movie and and gets
to do YouTube for a living and guys five
years ago six years ago I was in a
factory for 12 years I was killing it in
a factory hot in the summer cold in the
winter real factory life like the real
deal for 12 years I just always had this
hobby to make these videos since I was a
little kid on the camera and it just
happened through just never giving up I
encourage you guys to just get it and
maybe your dreams to be the greatest
drummer in the world or the best BMX
bike ride or whatever it is you can do
it you just got to live it and every
second eat it sleep it live it promise
you you'll get there I promise you'll
get there man hands down it will happen
so let's get up let's get up right now
get shower
I love you guys I really do thanks for
being here with us thanks for being here
with us like during the good times man
you guys would probably what I liked me
back in the day like I was different I
learned a lot I had to go through a lot
to get here
find myself so we are just got back home
Robins in the bath tub can't show you
that sorry guys Mambo's already in bed
me out today
did we wear you out today you wore me
out today Kane's ready to get his new
pants on and try them on
yeah so we had fun today I'm glad you
guys got to come with us um sorry we
didn't felt like too crazy too much
stuff I just felt like it was kind of
annoying if we were like shopping for a
few things about chick bow chicka 100k
same bag Natalie to you oh can you look
so handsome
hang on hang on I see whole body oh snap
your shirt matches your hair your dance
skinny fat butt skinny bet but kings
skinny fat butt skinny skinny skinny fat
you can jump hey big jump we got to keep
the pillow there cuz that corner will
beat us up now be straight to the
hospital
all the best time of the day
me and my little man hey your hair's red
yeah
just for today hey best feeling in the
world kill it all day and then come home
a little bag monkey he's like a little
monkey I worn out today he has so much
energy
oh no don't judge yeah I gotta get I
gotta work miss you daddy I'm gonna work
though I love you that's a big secret
never sit or lay down unless you're
ready to quit cause we go suck you in I
always try to stand up don't end it like
this
oh okay you gonna do the click thing all
right guys I hate to cut this blog off
so quick tonight but active it like 6:00
in the morning and for me that is like
yeah so I'm gonna edit this vlog tonight
get some real sleep I haven't slept for
like a week
I bet you guys this in the past what do
you like better the ohio vlogs or the LA
vlogs right now you're probably just
looking at how bad my hair looks but
what do you think of la vlogs with the
family we love you guys tell us in the
comments we will see you tomorrow don't
forget how awesome you are keep the big
smile on your face your beautiful smile
more it's like a robot that comes to
your door you see what whoo-hoo cane
come here he brought us towels this is
awesome there's that very much I want my
house I get out of here Wally had enough
of you
