hey my friends what is happening you
guys ready yes you ready to go hey hey I
like that shirt let me see that
smart more baby more than muscles oh my
gosh mole oh did you guys plan this
we're taking babies
oh she's holding bed with me yesterday
we were up till 4:30 in the morning
getting these two videos together
it's the vlog and the 360 prank my first
ever 360 frame I'm so excited about it I
don't know what you guys are gonna think
I hope you liked it
Kane give me hug you got a mouthful I
love you you know we are about to have
some serious serious mom never shot a
gun before however contrary to popular
belief I've never shot a gun before
welcome to Ohio
did he loving it he's in LA that would
be awesome in LA so today we're giving
these guys a little taste of what it's
like to live in Ohio he loves the dirt
vibe he loves it hey give me five
I love you are you Stephen dollar oh
five baby I love hey you want to build
that today when I get back okay all
right guys so I'm taking Percy and Ally
on a once-in-a-lifetime well you've done
it before I'm not in Ohio no II mean
Iran what's gone
we're gonna go shooting we're shooting
fousey has never ever ever shot a gun
I've done it in Call of Duty I've done
it in Halo but I've never done it in
real life
I brought some surprises so this right
here is a scarf 308 oh my gosh that's a
scarf 308 never even picked up a BB gun
in Rome and hands me this when I first
go gonna be so spoiled with that it's
like one of my favorite guns ever like
yes I'm scared to even push I wanted
this gun for four years and you got I
finally got one yeah what up Todd its
Call of Duty that thing's sick target
and go back and forth okay you got all
that and here yeah here's the safety
we're gonna start out with some
old-fashioned skeet shooting these are
clay pigeons they launched out of this
machine and they fly in there and you
gotta shoot them down it's basically
like God hunting ducks duck huntin like
the old mention to duck hunt I've never
seen a gun it's it's about understanding
the gun and becoming comfortable with
the gun no more here too though yeah but
it's not really like that and you got
you got super muscles dude Yeah right
you after your cookout all right
keep the nose playing down it's all in
safety safeties along yeah it looks like
Elmer Fudd right now - all right my
friends this is fou C's very first time
ever shooting you gonna start with a
12-gauge shotgun here you go toad are
you pointing down what are you doing
reaction no I don't know I I haven't
done this forever honestly all right you
guys ready yeah oh oh that's so pharmacy
nice that's sent me out a sick yeah I
mean as fast as you bullet yeah that's
it nice yeah pretty good no alley on the
one-wheel we're moving locations to
shoot different types of things
Lucy's riding in the bed I think that
they're really liking the Ohio vibe just
the Midwest by there's a lot more
freedoms here you can do a lot of things
here that you can't do in Los Angeles
and that's where they live so it's kind
of a cool place to be on this thing so
rad yeah he's got it took me like an
hour to be able to do that
it's like snowboarding in the grass I
can't snowboard or ski I don't know if
you guys remember but back in the winter
Todd and I we blew up a big chunk of ice
and had all my plastic balls from the
ball pit still here
all Todd's thing about on eBay
that's good what can you hear me
what anything anymore Tosi is shooting
my scar through eight for the first time
let's do it go
whoo that was pretty awesome
give me something dude you ready I'm
ready I'll get this one
oh you're gonna do it here we go bad boy
all right that was Abby's house oh man
he's so excited so we're gonna step it
up a notch for you guys we are gonna try
to send this barrel way into that sky
are you ready can I get in the barrel
no oh you cannot huh well I mean you can
it's not safe okay so this is a really
hard shot because you can't even see
under the trash can so I'm asking
actually lucky I don't see we thought
that we thought the barrel was gonna go
up but it just disintegrated look at
that that's that thick plastic to almost
sharded it was so impactful this that's
a piece of the trash can
first he's gonna take out the watermelon
I'm gonna do this for the Roman soldier
let's see it one shot I don't want to
see two shots one one-shot kill headshot
ready one shot one shot
keep going keep going hey one shotgun oh
dude that's like I'm done that took so
much
one shot baby I'm surprised that stayed
over here looks like one of Abercrombie
commercials force mama a new photo shoot
for smile how did I brand you guys out
so I didn't need not even ask for this
you know we did to surprise him it was
really nice I love it okay so would you
guys think wake up what's up what you
guys think that was why I can't are you
because your ears alone Lightyear that
was incredible well thank you for taking
us to that honestly I was a good that
was a good like first impression of guns
I think I hope I impressed them you hit
yeah I hope I impressed them a little
bit you guys both did really well
actually there are we doing now what are
we gonna do let's go do some hood rat
thing ready to eat oranges no no look at
this no stop I feel like you know I
haven't eaten as much as I have here in
Ohio
really house yeah I've actually had
three meals a day and then snacks in
between I have any not much you know
like I usually do one meal a day or you
guys are feeding us
you guys are getting us nice then I'm
getting you Ohio ready for the winter
you gotta get ready for hibernation with
me don't
oh hi buddy hey yeah whoa there's a
little hamster hi
all right guys we're back at my place
and I got some pussies been dying to get
out and get Ally
all week so I'm gonna bust that look at
this you guys remember this put some
paper towel watering in there here we go
all right there you have it that is a
flower cannon God almost fell what are
you gonna do it's right here all you do
is pull the trigger that's it that's it
that's it okay it's so easy
what if you're in here and he opens this
you don't know okay done with it yeah
okay yeah trying to find a spot for
cameras yeah he'll never see that put it
against the wall yes Father
hey Dollar Baby what's the matter her do
you want come outside huh be free oh you
want to bust the razor out all right
he's been wandering as we haven't got
the right Oh actually grabbed um Oh
dollar grab in the action in the bed of
the truck grip I'm not in the bed in the
back seat grab there's like a black bag
I need it as the key for this dollar
I never seen moves like that yeah me
doodies
he's got quick feet he knows damn it
prank fail was it my bad acting the
entire day I didn't see any black why
would he tell me to get it Oh could you
see the screen there lit up Oh
and then I saw all around so I'm like I
doll wouldn't be outside without use of
that's I opened it in a weird way to
know I can see you hesitant as funny
dude what happened Dania do we get
maybe give you a sympathy blow come on
give you a sympathy blow you still got
him
Oh bro you destroyed my camera later
back is the back of my head yo one frame
feels
hello this is your first time on a dirt
bike yes sir
one up there you go you're in gear
that's it that's it when I go up I'm
trying to have a fun time riding my
first I don't want to hear it I don't
want to hear it you know the only person
that didn't get shot was the one that we
actually came to shoot cease was like I
can't be like careful around you guys I
felt like a spot man going through that
yo so we're tied on this prank war right
now I got you honey once we just got
each other you want to ride the dirt
bike let's go I'll take you ride well
after a lot of pranking a lot of fun a
lot of adventure it's time to eat
healthy tonight we've been kind of
slacking boosie's on a pretty strict
diet so we got to eat good this is what
we got onion rings hot wings cheesy
sticks Pizza something how you feeling
man you look like a beautiful mess
I am grateful though so thank you guys
mm-hmm this year last night this is
Lucy's last night here in Ohio I hope
that has been wonderful man oh I
appreciate you guys allowing me to come
into your vlogs I know you guys watch
these for your happiness so I hope it
didn't bother you that I was in but I
did tell Roman whoever comes as the next
guest I'm gonna be mad at how come cuz
they're replacing me no replacing you we
have very much enjoyed having you guys
you and Ally we've been having fun and
dollar the prank war isn't over
no that was that mean no you're right
it's not over no they ain't even started
they want your little prank on me Brit
my camera is foggy I'm told there's
flower fog I'm sorry it wouldn't be a
official dinner here if we didn't have
ice cream and brownies
chocolate all over it thank you I met a
guy crazy thing is is uh Brittany myself
cane grandma Yusuf Ali we all happen to
be going to LA tomorrow morning super
early they're going back home we just
happen to be going to LA the exact same
time so we're gonna be in LA with you
guys all weekday my apartment
as promised a promise game that we would
play with this tonight is you like it
we built the short track look at this
this is our whole thing you ready show
on kick it on whoa
Britt's doing a livestream right now on
you now and somebody somebody somebody
said you have to do a spoonful of
mustard one dared me to that is nasty I
get so many thumbs up in part we do it I
can't do that
that's all Britt she loves mustard oh
she's probably excited it's right here
let me help you find your way whoa
you're gonna do that oh my god ooh oh
yeah it was right all right guys I am
actually gonna end my vlog we're gonna
say goodbye to the bruh bruh how you say
it did I say it right Mambo rhumba flick
my lip roll bron-bron
we uh you know they're starting to call
it Roman soldiers bromans yeah the
Brahmin we're a mix one big week we
tried this the Lay's last three days to
create one big family not two separate
ones so I think Romans I think we were
good until you made my camera
permanently blurry and how here so we're
gonna end the vlog I just want to say
thank you guys for being here with all
of us over the last few days we had a
great time oh look at him skinny chicken
legs guys super awesome having you you
get high five high five
after all that yeah we do know you're
yeah
I'm gonna give you a hug fun Aherne we
love you guys I'm gonna throw feces
channel one last time in the description
if you haven't followed him go check him
out I'm telling you he's a positive dude
these guys make a lot of great content
and I think you'll love them I wouldn't
tell you unless I believed it
we love you we'll see them all thanks
for the sport on the 360 vlog if there
was a bird in here what is that like
yeah thank you guys for all the love on
both the pranks all the support we will
see them all smaller oh you're like a
Chewbacca
