hey hey hey what's up my friends this
morning Brittany and I have gotten up a
little early
Aly just came to the door and said Foose
ease out apparently he was headed until
four or five in the morning
Brittany we didn't really have a prank
we don't have a prank for him but you
guys remember she pranked me really good
with this wax strip so we're gonna try
to sneak in
shoot it in 360 this could be my first
360 bite oh it's gonna work but oh it's
good that all you do is you rub it
together posted but maybe no we need
quit like we want like four or five
right yeah maybe yeah hairdryer
yeah hair drugs oh he's gonna be so mad
yo what's up is he like helping out he
sleeps you can play music you can play
an instrument he won't wake up he's dead
he's out he's dead we should peel these
off first he'll not first yeah dude is
he out here gone wait is that right yeah
just do it slow it's not sticky though
if it is trust me
in person
yeah oh yeah yeah so what time I should
go up and set the camera should I get
three not four least is a piece now what
we're gonna shoot it we're gonna try to
shoot this in 360 I'm just gonna stick
this to the ceiling
it's like this little handmade rig
there's no oxide
you know this these are the ones
Brittany rip my leg off
is that enough for ya
oh you're like a Chewbacca oh the cheese
up here Wow cheese no way you're gonna
try I don't know what to expect
that was good my touch team I can give
you oh I was our very first ever attempt
at a 360 prank I have no idea what to
expect it would even look like Lego when
my hair grows back that was messed up
hey Britt got me like three weeks ago I
still on here that stuff what on your
body all right you ready to go I found
some bread back here you're eating bread
in my car I've been locked in here for
two hours
yo you ready hey we'll be right back oh
I'll be right back okay
hey we'll be right back love you bye
baby
right no yet not yet I love you buddy
okay so we are at about we're having a
big barbecue at my house today and it's
been
nasty outside I can't believe the sun's
finally coming out you have a good
wake-up call this morning or what I did
but I do appreciate the zero to sixty or
just like you guys like the con it's
beautiful it's amazing Ali thanks for
helping me prank Lucy the soy this guy
stay back stay back
Yeah right look I have to wear pants now
to cover my leg here so we brought out
the grocery getter today we got to get
some stuff for the barbecue right now
baki I never lock it lock it roaming I
don't lock Roman lock your car I don't
even have the car keys I never seen you
guys more mad at me in my life ever then
when I said I traded this car and I
can't believe how much you guys love
this bar where's my keys yeah but you
saw it they were hating me because this
is one of the greatest like manly sports
I know it's like that childhood dream
car like as a kid this is what I use in
all the games you would play and you
would drive a GTR what's up man so you
guys know we have like a guest fridge
out in the garage and it's pretty much
where we put all the drinks for any
guests that shows up there's always
something in there for everybody it's
empty
there's nothing in it so we're gonna try
that we're gonna try to get a bunch of
new stuff
fill it up do we need green tea green
tea is essential for every fridge
favorite drink just water I got that I
know we got water how about chips and
snack chocolates and candies and if you
leave your receipt that outweighs at all
okay
the old man has been trying to get me to
gain weight I'm trying to make your chin
look like mine it does this is what it's
actually like to hang out with these
guys I did try to get you like yeah
party older huh as a nice save as a nice
save it won't stop
he's stuck in party mode I mean we got
it for you we got her sir just relax we
got it yes
yeah I got your green tea
look put all these lugging yeah you
gonna put these blasts back yeah but
let's pin it in between this stuff yes
should we say look at that we just
pinned it all in Tetris though for about
thirty minutes away from a giant family
barbecue and I found an ally like White
Castle last night so so him and I we're
gonna cheat and run over and get some
are you gonna you want no yeah you
nothing oh you'll have to why you're
about to cook for us while I ruin my
appetite and get more pounds my White
House I don't think it's ruining your
app then I think you're teasing it's
like a tease you know it's like it's
like it just gets your tongue wet yeah
no that's my treat whatever you want my
treat need it get it well so guys how
you doing I was like look at this chichi
nice ah here we are
we did it I told her I dude last night I
was so excited found out somebody else
liked this place he's so just a pointer
right now he's really shy rose I'm sorry
he's really upset I'm sorry that's fine
but like super bother
yeah how bad he wants that Friday like
he's like like a catch hmm don't need
all that food all right this oh yeah for
sure I think I'm the last there he is
Boosie went straight upstairs into his
room and he's asleep
but book-talk Lisa my god difficulties
no he's out like I sleep he's asleep he
was out I went up there to give him
dollar
like IDL out of my for it go over to bed
like this we weren't we were the poor
guy out yeah I mean just prove that like
you just deep sleeper like a wax on him
like I'm gonna realize yeah we put a wax
furry buddy had no hair so it didn't
even she got going on here
potato chip casserole she easy potatoes
with my shoes on top I use chips you
know I like that
go mama hi bro you guys look what she
brought me she in there supposed to be
black yeah well Dale got the black Dale
Oh yours are too big you got she
got us flip-flops with grass on them and
then I said well we're going on vacation
so I can't I can't tell like it looks
like we're the dogs also gonna use the
bathroom
like it's gonna be the toilet and the
shoe I don't know these rock these are
golfing goody or coffee
loses it's like walking outside that's
hilarious it is like walking in the
garage
they've got to be comfortable you are
using Batman ice cubes and of course
Dale brought some stuff to it always
brings the coolest look at these bullets
ice bullets for mice gun hey can
forty-sevens
well look at these ice cubes look at
that ice cube dude oh those are nice
he's good big debut was a little car
it's a little dollar ice cube do you
guys want to go wake him up it's been
over an hour we should tell him because
when we just went to his family in
Washington and kind of kind of did their
tradition maybe you should say that it's
our tradition for all of us to just go
and wake him up oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
my gosh time to wake up Lucy it was a
wait you saw grandma oh man I was awake
but you know you want to stay in bed I
heard that I was like in-your-face and
grandma was coming was awesome like
what's about to happen
I do all right so what are you thinking
of a room that would house like I
thought our spreads were good I see a
spread like this mother what yes no look
a cheesy cast room
I guess what it was I think a new
invention we got a little bit everything
big steaks over here barb
we got dessert oh yeah she told me it's
so weird that we have all this food and
John's not here no there's so much left
up I heard you guys have food what's up
dude I'm an hour away yeah but nothing
going long drives to you just in the
area right right it's not about the food
it's the Seljuk you don't like the old
days where there were some food welcome
oh why are you in my bed cuz we're
reading books and hey Kane do you do you
love our viewers yeah funny face
how about sad face I'm a happy face how
about seven sadness hey Dad you wanna
cry you want a toy so bad how about
silly face
scared face bye-bye
all right guys warping into the night a
little bit you can always tell on the
fishtank is really dark that it's late
really late it's like almost midnight
John is uh what would he go there buddy
I just packed on a few pounds
oh that's it yeah nothing nothing under
the man is just I brought this and then
no one wanted it so I'm taking home all
right we're gonna end it guys thanks for
hanging out with us today I've got a
first ever attempt at a 360 prank going
up on this channel is gonna go up on the
vlog Channel it's not worthy of the main
channel I don't know what to expect I
haven't even added yeah you
priority seen it it's kind of like a
test the 360 is different because when
when I shoot a prank I can put I can put
exactly what I want you to see on camera
and that's it with a 360 cam you guys
can see whatever you want to see so I
don't know how it flows you guys let me
know what you think check it out I'm
gonna put it on this channel fousey got
me genuinely got me not just fousey but
Britney really ripped my heart out um
and that videos going up today to show
him love and guys don't hate me I know
everyone thought I was gonna do a
cheating prank on Roman I didn't I
wouldn't do that
phillotson oh no it wasn't I didn't make
it seem like Britney was doing anything
yeah I was the culprit it was a good
prank it was a good prank it was it had
everything it needed to be a good prank
in my opinion um so yeah go short love
the soldiers the bro bro zombie it's one
big happy family
that one hurt man I'm glad I've had a
whole day to recoup and as I don't know
you're a good sport I'm gonna put I'm
gonna put foo sees a channel in the
description guys go short love Roman
soldiers come on go show me love on that
prank
and that's about it we love you guys
thanks so much for watching keep a big
smile on your face smile more just smile
just do it right now whatever you're
doing no I know people are probably
watching you know just look at my smile
I love you guys smile more whoa Oh still
got it
not much but I go on scat cut ready put
some opps careful
ah
