what is that it's dead I am straight-up
struggling try to intro this vlog once I
get past the intro on farm but there's
something about it that I can't get
parents I can't just say hi to you guys
I can't just welcome you to the hey guys
hey guys how the heck are you hey guys
hey hey hey hey it's it's gorgeous out
it's beautiful it was uh
hey hey guys hey hey hey guys what is
hey guys how the heck are you it's
beautiful here I'm back in Columbus Ohio
feels good to be home even though we
were only gone a few days
there's something about leaving my kids
right now it's getting to be invisible
and hate it anyway guys I hope you're
ready to start fresh with this vlog no
matter what kind of day you're having I
always tell you let's start right now
it may be morning it may be night let's
do it let's start fresh man go to bed
feeling good or or start your day
feeling good let's do it right now with
me I need it too baby I don't know what
they gave me today but it's like good
like something that's too good to be
good I am just arriving to pick up all
our smile more merchandise guys I know
we've been out of stock and a lot of
things not today's about the smile more
store I'm working hard to get it all
restock maybe some new photos things
like that they've got to be done that I
just haven't done so so I'd even get
close close to half my buddy filled his
vanna he's full too so we're all gonna
head out to my house together and do
this in one giant load yes everything's
full I feel like there's a good chance
that if you
I'm watching this vlog if you've watched
me for a while now there's a good chance
in my mind that you are somebody that
may want to try something on their own
maybe a business venture maybe you're
not looking to work for somebody maybe
you're wanting to do someone your own I
just want to remind you guys that you
can do that you know I see one of the
biggest problems that I see I'm trying
to inspire you without rambling too much
here here's a good example I see people
come up to me all the time they're like
man if I just had a good blog camera and
a good computer I could vlog - my first
thought is well 90% of cell phones can
film and edit now straight to YouTube so
don't worry about how good your camera
is and how good your computer is you got
to start somewhere or work up to that
that's that's half the fun of business
is starting to grow and working towards
something another example is a good
guitar player can make the biggest piece
of graph guitars sound good a good
drummer can make a $99 drumset sound
good don't worry about what you have use
what you have use your resources when I
started to smile more store guys no joke
Britney and I filled our entire kitchen
and living room at our old house who
remembers that tiny house tiny little
house filled our whole thing and we were
hand writing all the orders out of our
house use what you have
fill your kitchen fill your living room
use your house to make money that's
that's the best thing you can do I just
truly feel like if you're watching this
channel you could be one of those people
you've watched me kind of
from nothing to creating something for
myself and my family and I want you to
try it don't be afraid to fail I swear
if you're not failing you're not trying
that's a fact you have to fail some
things you have to that's how you learn
that's how you get ahead don't be afraid
to fail mailing is awesome failing is
like the best lesson for you some of you
are in school
right now you're in high school you're
in junior I don't know where you're at
maybe you're out of school you're
working for somebody and you may not
want to be working for someone maybe you
don't want to get out of school and go
work for somebody I get it I did it I
had to that's all right that's all I had
I didn't go to college I didn't I didn't
give myself society's checkmark of
approval I didn't go to college and get
that perfect job I did it on my own and
I guarantee you watching this year
there's somewhere in your mind you're
thinking I want to do something my own
do it
justice to the Shia LeBeouf thing I feel
like that right now
I promise you guys man try it don't be
afraid to fail do it just
the most successful people in the entire
world
riches them the most powerful have all
failed tons of times
all right guys we are loaded up in the
smile I'm embarrassed to show you guys
this and everyone says it's a good thing
that your shelves are empty but look at
this this is the smile Moore store this
is a beating that you guys have put on
this place this that looks okay these
are the kids normally I would never put
this in the vlog because I'm embarrassed
that we don't have a shot like look at
our shelves it's paying for our hoodies
look at this been gone for too long guys
time to put a little focus on this place
again we've got tons of new merch look
at all this and that's not even half not
even half that's about 3,000 t-shirts
and there's still 10 Val's in there so
alright gonna run up check on the fam so
from let's do the win if you didn't
watch yesterday's vlog we built our own
home theater that's right that's what
this is check it out there's a TV inside
it looks cool at night give me some
credit
hey what's up a stoplight we're learning
about happiness well that's interesting
you making a stop light cool dude
okay mommy how did he do at school today
hey you did really good did you do good
cuz some of our friends brought over
something he doesn't want to
traditionally hit it this is a pinata
guys and it's full of candy mommies is
they close the ground whoa
you want to fight it instead of hit it
all right here you vlogging I'm gonna
let him go to town all right hang on are
you what are you are you soup are you
Ninja any superhero whoa say yes are you
a boxer are you a fighter yeah all right
just a fighter oh he's got moves you
gotta get him he's oh he's not fast
oh whoa he's still oh my god spider-man
idea spider-man was full of candy guts
so that's a lot of candy hey I did okay
he went oh good yeah you want some help
I'm gonna hold the bag that's gonna take
a while today is a big scramble of
family and business I'm right back at it
I'm headed out to get all our bottles
came in as well so I got to go pick
those up which is at my brother's
factory so it's not that bad
lots and lots of bottles let's do this
this looks like a good spot right here
we go
you think hey you like that's how you
get full use out of your basement right
there they let a whole bunch of people
working here tomorrow fold all the
shirts get them on the shelves get them
in the bags and get them out to you
you're gonna help us I'm gonna take down
our home theater let's do it you did it
now look out nice our tape job was guys
want me to come to your house and
install a theater I mean now me and my
little buddy are going one of my
favorite parts of the entire deck want
to get my boy from school Noah we get to
go get Noah we're gonna have some fun
no we're not allowed to have fun
no daddy doesn't like that fun you do
it's literally been in the truck in the
house in the truck in the house in the
show okay it's alright so we're gonna
have some fun tonight right had to get
some of his work done today so we can
have some fun tonight
work before play are you sure you got
two socks on come on let's go get Noah
are you happy to see no I think it's
safe to say oh are you gonna break me
yeah he's ready to go have some fun
I think they're going crazy you have a
good day at school really good any funny
stories anything really funny happened
nothing crazy
nobody ran into the doors their kid
farted in school like super funny what I
can't get my friend can't falling and a
nowhere Lee down the hall and our it is
first well II like face first but he
didn't like it is good is a tricky fall
trick ball sounds fly
you know I think these guys should be
our next guests around 321 pee
yes please you gotta go tell our few you
guys
everybody go to twenty one pilots there
from there right here from Ohio tell
them to come to our house guys go tweet
um Tomiko kit we love these guys that's
when we thought winter was coming it got
warm and sunny I'm glad that you like
your new bedroom you guys gonna be
sleeping out here all winter
you better start collecting wood little
evil child get your house on fire
oh my gosh right into you you're gonna
look out at the red tree both you look
at it and then know your lines gonna be
like what is that now that the tree
right anytime
yeah you should like cane what is that
okay okay so we're coming in you know
it's blowing my mind it's only 556 and
it's dark not completely dark yet
but the sun's going down it's blowing on
it feels like 9:00 at nighttime so I
don't know
yesterday I had grilled cheese with no
tomato soup been craving it ever since
so I'm making tomato soup right now but
I was eating while I was away for a few
minutes kids decided to build a fallout
shelter yeah they've got food they've
got TV that's American cheese for
breakfast
well good thing good thing we bought a
couch because you can make feeders with
it you can make shelters with it
forget the name whoever sent this thank
you I know that's gotten some serious
use okay so we just grabbed a light we
want to try a couple things here in slow
motion what do you want to do with your
lips that okay try to give it a lot of
lip action hey let's see what we get
did you think of that I wish we can
recorded our reactions to that slow
motion as we were dying like hard I know
but it just got back I'm gonna help her
carry it you want to help us carry do
you need help Biggs oh man guys oh man
not again
okay what the heck's going on here why
did you buy a hula hoop ah it was not my
materials list for class I'm not sure
what we do is work cane has never done
this ever yeah
look at this kid dude keep spinning you
got it keep moving your hips keep doing
it I'm giving you advice I don't know
how to do it it's keeps falling down
what that's one way to do it well
mommy's got it mommy's got it like how
long I don't know I think cane just said
it like three minutes ago
there you go there you go is the hula
off 2015 Atwood house whoa no it's good
I'll see it yes yeah but like like
spin-spin-spin and then make it hula oh
that's cool keep spitting in and spin
more that's cool
I like that okay in order to start
catching up on our mail hey in order for
us to start catching up on mail we're
gonna do we don't have much time left
this evening but we're gonna rip some of
these open and see who they're from and
see what's inside them and just try to
get caught up a little bit we have two
new boxes out in the garage so Judy's
getting it I think by literally tomorrow
you'll be doing it yeah three each
tonight three each that's labels for our
store chain is put this in there four
times this isn't even fan mail this goes
downstairs good oh that could that could
go really bad mo from Hawaii
what's mo got for you let's see let's
see let's see come around come around
hinges king goes for the big ones whoa
it's a custom Kodama love it
boss tell some moves dude I know don't
they honestly kodamas were impossible to
me until I seen people do them oh it was
close
that's women rambling Noah from Georgia
by the way mo from Hawaii's only ten
years old and he made this Kodama brown
paintings that we made well we didn't
make that one but we made one like that
this super-awesome from alec that's his
name
I think Alec please put artwork in the
vlog you got it thank you for sending it
Chris
from Canada Kane's way more content with
the pair of scissors that we already own
look at that penis how to make us laugh
now alright Chris from Canada know is
struggling with your package you need
help from daddy do you need Oh from
daddy I feel bad about this because we
actually have this Lego set right so
King not that excited about it but I
built it and it got destroyed within
like 12 minutes because Kane didn't know
how to use Legos at that time so this is
going to be reset and we never keep our
instructions so now we have the new
instructions so thank you Chris
from Canada I love the videos and want
to talk to you about Frank idea I think
you should come to Dover Delaware
and do a prank downtown Dover I have
never ever been there F Delaware what
are you doing
Chris from Canada oh hey Katy Perry hey
Katie please Kirsten Paris check that
out
oh wow that's really cool I love it
my boyfriend Carson and I watch your
vlogs every night you were such an
inspiration in our everyday lives you
and your family brings smiles to our
faces King is such a little cutie keep
up all the great work we hope to carry
our relationship just like yours
so already tries pranking me we've been
together five years and hope they're
more to come
there will be you're not allowed to say
that there's any other option your
together and that's it there is no
you're not allowed to say anything else
that's how it works your vlogs are
amazing small more thank you guys so
much I I really like this a lot this is
for Noah and Kane Atwood yay baseball
stuff oh yeah let's check it
Lorenzo it just says Lorenzo a polo cube
pure polo how do you say that
see that right there Lorenzo pupil oh ha
ha
we'll go with Lorenzo normal pieces yeah
I'm good it's Lego pieces but look at
the blocks the Minecraft flat oh my gosh
open that can I have a feeling this is a
hot item he's big you know what it has a
biohazard bomb on the front it is hot
I don't smell it should we smell it no
you you burn your nostrils
everybody has to smell it you got on my
hand it's a one-page on your nose it's
not Yoshi yeah huh
not at all smell I bet even a drop is
light I have a bunch on my hand right
here just go ahead a bunch that was
lunch huh Oh
oh my gosh wow that goes straight down
your throat like fire that's a bottle of
razor blades oh I'm supposed to be on
there uh um peel the pain huh Oh
anybody's leave them on there oh
actually kind of makes it look kinda
like the art yeah at wood
made out of wood this is from Jacob and
Nick from Minnesota smile more car what
are you doing the whip and the Naenae
let me see hang on before you open the
package I just like to say a big thank
you you always know how to make your
fans happy and you don't and you don't
get enough thanks for it so thank you
for always making me smile no matter
what no matter what no matter what no
matter what it doesn't actually say no
matter what that many times thank you so
much this comes from uh Emma Emma branch
oh my gosh it's a tile yeah it's like a
hot plate oh that's amazing
your arm on fire it's spreading let's
clean up and go to bed he can't hear you
right now he's in peanut land that's
good to Disneyland
let's go get a monkey no he can't hear
you hey hey Roman I think Kane will love
this I think he does love it oh you love
him are you to scare mama with him oh oh
my gosh can he's even got skeletons on
him okay coming up in the nose room I
want to show you I've seen some come
last time we actually did our mail vlog
our full one-hour mail
like somebody sent us a galaxy was it an
s6 and everybody in the comments was
like holy crap galaxy s6 and you didn't
even act like you liked it
that's because Chom Chom I mean I could
see from the distance that something was
up with it you can even see in the vlog
like as I'm looking at it it's just like
I it's not really uh yeah so this is
it's like a prank that's a black piece
of paper yeah the buttons not even in it
we got prank
that's hilarious though good for whoever
did that yeah that's funny that's great
I loved it and I remember they put
someone I said like $1000 just make it
all alright guys totally forget in the
blog last night actually I think I just
fell asleep I really did to be honest
with you we're getting a fresh start
today we will see you tomorrow thanks
for if you made it all the way to the
end of this vlog thank you it was pretty
random video it was fun though I had a
lot of fun kids Britt and we just had a
good day so thank you guys if you could
go tweet 21 pilots I think it would be
an awesome guest to have at this house
we would have a blast my kids and I and
the family just really enjoy their stuff
so go ahead I'm up tell them to hit me
up I love you guys we will see you
tomorrow thanks for the love smile more
you're beautiful
did you know is those
I don't know
