what's up guys good morning we are
leaving New York City I gotta tell you
vlogging is like my ultimate weakness in
the mornings not good at it but I'm
ready to get home all I care about is
going to see the kids listen to my voice
doesn't sound like me yeah when I was a
kid I was the morning person I was the
first one up it felt so good and now you
don't believe me now I'm like trying to
start an old pickup truck like alright
we're gonna jump on this plane wake up
for you snap out of it be fresh in
Columbus Ohio I don't know
alright guys we just skip right through
the flying crab I mean I put a couple
clips and I think b-flat if you're my
neck is Summa I was like I wish you
would have done what I looked like
my next sword we are headed straight
home his family day I'm not doing
anything about being with my kids we are
going to what Cain's got a big surprise
waiting huge surprise huge yeah
ridiculous surprise I wanted to tell you
guys about it but it came while we were
gone I think the fire burned it is his
birth his actual birthday gift but it
came while we were gone so we're gonna
go home and do that then I get to go get
Noah we're gonna come back I'm feeling
it I think Britt has got this idea yeah
okay we'll wait for the fun idea but his
family day goes perfect Sunday home the
sun's out just do this hope you guys are
having a great day too I know
it's Monday for your schoolwork
did you know is awesome love until it's
my turn okay no so you guys seeing what
happens when we leave versus when we get
home the reward is so awesome King
when's daddy get love no no I go mom did
you miss mommy he's speechless
you know hearts pounding like a Myna
bird I just wanted to surprise you I
didn't call you this time huh oh because
of all he was still in bed when he
called should have seen his face when we
open the garage open yours door did you
get it yes we're home baby we're home
hey Kayne look Oh silly string he's
gonna eat a quick grilled cheese what's
the baby
yeah they miss you too man you know what
all the people that come up to me and
they say make sure you tell Kane high or
no higher mama high Kane everybody says
hi dude with your gross mouthful of
cheese I can't believe you didn't rip
all those open while we were gone good
job although mama mama did say felt
through a box and opened it this is it
this what was in the box
thank you cycling is the awesome little
thing does that mean it is me I know
what picture that's from - that's from
like every picture I ever take so I
never ever eat grilled cheese without
tomato soup I dip it
in my tomato soup do you guys do that
but today we got home Britain is like do
you want me to make tomato circles like
no just whatever is easy just make a
grilled cheese all we did now I know why
only he did with tomato soup I have
taken noodle soup it's so delicious it's
really good baby thank you all right
let's not waste no more time you have
waited long e enough are you ready
denne denne denne it that that's Dan and
Dan - Dan oh cane can hear it says age
five to ten you're only four you can't
do it I know I'm kidding all right guys
this is you want to show them okay this
is canes crazy friggin birthday present
this kid looks like he's having a lot of
fun looks serious
dig dig dig dig deep whoa it's got
suspension so this is actually like a
faster model power wheels it's even got
this little bit of rubber on it because
a lot of power wheels have just plastic
wheels and they just spin this one has a
little hair attraction yeah come on
carry the wheels over pip-boy huh that's
the battery but thing's huge
it's 24 volt well so I guess when they
say some assembly required they mean you
have to build the entire thing from
scratch I'm have to call somebody I call
my brother I'm above this thing
I'm totally thinning them a picture like
Romo nice little mr. handyman arete in
his extraction I did it I have to so we
moved inside a little bit cuz it's
really windy and everything's blowing
around so he's got the load he's like
the baby version I know yes can raise
okay oh we can do a start a step one so
okay so I don't think Roman could
actually admit it but he can't build
anything without his brother Dale this
is nothing to do with that until I got
it all tipped over things pretty
complicated
hurry up toy I don't really want to
admit this but how many hours have we've
been building this thing two hours it
took a long time or on the stickers all
we got to do is put some wheels on and
some stickers and I think we're good to
go
hey you ready to rock and roll
take it back
I apologize for anybody wearing
headphones you ready to rock all right
give it a try all right I don't know
whoa paints it oh yeah
Britney made her famous case of Dilla's
are these quesadillas that's what you
call these they're amazing I know
everyone's like you Americans you call
your food like that's not a quesadilla
this is what we call it's made just
cheese chicken sauce peppers it's the
best isn't it just admit it
I'm not gonna do no just look at his
face what's this we're taking a little
break you know it's good when the kids
are off of the new toy who's here how do
you know what how do you know what if
he's here just not Noah that's Owen oh
it's just Owen he knows thought I was
gonna have to come pick you up this is
awesome you just show up that's
beautiful dang with our clock setting
back you guys set your clocks back the
time change is so different crazy you
gotta get some super cool you ready yeah
okay we got to get something super
super cool in here ready what were you
getting out of here more okay this no
yeah you know this is for no it will be
useless huh
oh he's excited okay hey hey hey we got
it we gotta tell Noah we wouldn't want
to do this thing Britney came up with
we're actually it's kind of half our
ideas I'll give it to her I'll give it
to you wanna came up with the TV idea I
know but I enhanced it made it better we
want to basically walk explain it to the
kids
why about chair just for you course it
only needs some sophomores but while
he's playing games up here hey sweet so
we have a waiver we have a fun idea
are you ready who wants a movie theater
for yeah a movie theater for this is a
fort with a TV in it and we watch a
movie I'm so excited
huh
what are you guys playing my girl pizzas
please I don't know what that is
we pizza you prank pizza we break it and
then we killed them
okay okay this next year's opening a
popcorn Jesus peanut butter jelly time
because I need help figuring out how to
do this like I have no idea how to do
this you guys gonna help me wit me
Erica's sign up for with the TV inside
it to watch Oh should I take this down
right no I can get the TV you get the
snacks these kids are gonna help me
design this for we need a lot of sheets
Oh Radha you got sheets
my trying to try to do like a family
movie night plus one because he's part
of our family we love him yeah we're
gonna check this TV down and try hey
here's my idea now what do you think of
this idea what if we mount sheets around
the whole TV so it's like a cave and the
TVs in it like a movie theater and like
we're all under the sheets and all you
can see is a TV right so how do we do it
okay we could all right no is out no
look look okay this is getting
complicated guys all right let's just
get the TV downstairs that's the first
thing first
okay so like I said guys please like
family time and we built Kane's birthday
present I think it's just an excuse for
you to munch that's what it really we're
trying to uh it would show you something
you guys can do this as well get your
family together
it doesn't matter actually I'm starting
to think the smaller the TV the better
like you said this is gonna be harder
right cuz we got to put sheets and
stuffer on it but let's do this let's do
this the kids up here oh that's a good
idea
yeah but then the couch is rocky it's
gonna knock everything over
alright we're gonna build this it's
gonna work you guys I want to see I want
to see your home theaters that's what
we're gonna call this our home heaters
green get duct tape for was gonna get
duct tape in and take the sheets all
around the TV and then you can take the
sheets anywhere you want this way this
way let me just put a couple strips up
here and pull it right you with me are
you with me on this dog are you not you
need to speak guy I need to look at me
popcorns going to my brain you have
popcorn just makin excuses he uses
stretchy
yeah well that's always thinking it
would help fit around the TV and stuff
yeah movie nights off guys i Captain
Hook he's a crook okay we're gonna have
we're gonna have to work with it so it's
just me and Robin trying to figure this
out the kids bail on us this is the
start of our terribly awesome okay just
for you know the sheets the whole
theater is built with duct tape okay so
we gotta be careful back yesterday I hit
the ground on hard floor not the air the
wind and me so bad be gonna be do like
if everyone had yeah I couldn't yeah all
right here's our theater it's complete
couch couch cushion walls sheet ceilings
yeah Owens in the backstage oh and
you're kicked out of the theater you
should see everything back there's good
so here's what I'm thinking
me and you we go into business how much
theater companies get paid to go into
people's houses and build a theater so
we can do this for not guys we can come
to know and I can come to your house
build you a theater right in your living
room
why pay the big dollars when you can
have this
oh so good to be home a little but it's
so good to be home when your little
light
don't wait was in this fort together Oh
how's that
good you look even cuter in person
Oh guys we're so happy to be home we
kind of work past our little movie night
it was excellent absolutely fantastic if
definitely much-needed I'm watching them
through the screen but I'm actually
trying to look at you guys
thanks for coming home with us we had an
excellent time in New York and we just
love you guys so much thanks for
understanding and giving us a little
free time today just be with the family
and stuff guys so much love from our
family to yours we will see you tomorrow
don't forget loss to me are bu and smile
more
oh we just burned up a day real fast we
want zero to 100 real quick stop or you
can come in we can say yeah where she
came up here somebody said there's a
restaurant up here but there's not so
now we're just like in love with the
view look at this
