so I'm actually just starting the vlog
right now how you guys doing these guys
are waiting at our hotel this morning
we're in a super rough let's do this you
want yeah yeah sorry I hate to rush you
guys that's all so bad hey so sorry
Roman Atwood yeah
all right here we go here we go good man
thanks for waiting okay we're gonna go
Jarvis out the Jarvis Center okay all
right hey guys we are getting a really
crazy chaotic start today where you have
a meet-up
in 30 minutes that's not bad but we
haven't eaten anything I gotta eat
before a meet up meet up requires a lot
of energy a lot of smiling a lot of
pictures how you doing today man been
great how I I'd love to hear that we're
doing really good we're just a little
hectic like we're running around okay
two hot dogs get ketchup you want what
do you want I just wanted we are in a
hurry we're gonna grab some quick hot
dogs how you doing man I know
everything's good there we go the most
expensive hotdog I've ever bought okay
$8
Oh what is this tastes like
has a weird has a weird flavor
you want to get something there you
can't eat it you have to eat it nothing
is like $300 sorry guys we're like
running really late it's kind of our
thing now all right guys we're sitting
here at our table ready for our meetup
this is a huge turnout you ready to see
this maybe maybe there for us
Brittany found some french fries by the
way we're just in the middle of this
room getting the vlog uploaded from
yesterday um whoa
I don't even know the meetup actually
yes what's up man how are you long
enough you also paid based on power we
up here streetcar New York 2015 is going
down no I was I was just saying this is
my meetup right here okay just to meet
up to me agree I'm in like it thanks for
waiting like it's already been waiting
for like 30 seconds and you don't get to
talk okay
is your hike at through the bowels
high-fives building I don't know but you
guys have an offer okay no okay no
because everybody asks what these are
we're walking to our meetup right now
who sees also in the meetup I want to do
something today he hates when I drop
Drake lines from
I'm gonna do it today yo my bandana oh
that's because I'm the only one here you
would hang out with other people
everyone hey hey if you need me call me
on my cell phone
are we walking out right now a little me
time
Oh
be here long I think we're gonna be
cited for a while guys brought
some of his bands we brought some of our
bands thanks about this mate
hey bruh hey Roman soldiers I'm selling
up for this county no no that's more
than we charge res I knew it my hand
right here ready on my add it to
cheering this is sweet
wait you want it this way so you can
read it
awesome
so I don't want to just show the smile
more soldiers but I'm starting with you
man he shows up all these wristbands no
I'm not putting you in the blog I'm not
gonna be in my blog nice is he's gonna
forget me now what's your sister's name
Meredith Meredith we love Meredith to
another person so me wearing this shirt
usually you watch me oh just a stranger
she goes to my school oh cool and then
we started talking about you like
so were you guys talking bad things
you're good
we love that thank you so much
how many of you know what this is times
flying oh yeah non-traditional oh yes
are you good at these yeah really source
you just add is the first a Rubik's Cube
I've ever signed I messed it all up
look that's terrible
we're taking these pitches back
the back but taking them back to back
she says shy so these guys flip for us
all the way from Malaysia like you
bought a ticket yes from Malaysia that's
at least like a 2-hour that's a sugar
that's a super trip man it's a 1d fight
a one-day flight the very first contest
we ever had our old house was a camera
giveaway and you want it yes that is
awesome and you still have does it still
work yeah I'm not sure you know battery
I thought I gave to my sister see when
you just stuff for free you don't
appreciate it that's amazing
I love it another smile oh my god yeah
let me see yours I scare are those hard
to put in no I can't even take you
serious I'm a lizard on my head so
really teeny it's cool you guys are
awesome so we've just finished our
entire line we got a couple diehards
here and I feel like did we meet before
at playlist and you're rockin the merger
you guys get everything you wanted
photos and I'm out the blog bro every
time I pull out my camera this is like I
need to talk to you
I need I've been meeting at all to get
my good side
you've been in my vlogs before ones like
once 9 2015
not too bad this is a new year's a new
world new videos show off you showcase
the hair yet they haven't seen it yet
bro give me this is a surprise look at
what our reveal just look 360 cam I
think it's getting ugly but you can see
the hands and everything going on here
bro it's already grown out so fast guys
it's gonna last another fiscal sort of
 right now
someday someday you can work out it's
like an animal that's all I do you guys
know all I do is work on this man I'm
not on your level man that I don't even
deserve to be on you you know it dude
what's new bro I've seen her I've seen
your meet and greets this is lines right
hours then they are our boss tell them
tell them who you are in case in
Toulouse e20 see I talk about drama I
talk about gossip play about girls oh I
want life girls that's a big bitch I
don't have your book bid on this man the
bromance cannot fit on this what
happening black oh my god the bromance
is happening over there same half steps
we're killing it right now
I don't let up they're not ready they're
not ready for the broke already
hey uh listen unsubscribe for me
subscribe to us guy he's crushing it
right now look it's talking about
crushing it Timmy Timmy you know what
that is next-level on some Speedos put
on a belt and I was like there's my
costume didn't have time to get a
costume
one together real quick you got some me
pants got speedos there you go I love it
look at this building guys all glass
everything so guys we just finished our
meet greed it was very awesome and I
just gotta say you guys know how to
leave us speechless I just can't believe
honestly every time I do one of these
things I'm like I hope somebody's their
hopes me and the line was huge it took
forever like look look right now what up
guys oh what's up yes I was just I was
just talking to my viewers about how
it's just you guys are everywhere like
it's if you couldn't make it I'm sorry
it did make it I'm so happy to meet you
thank you guys from the bottom of my
heart for being a part of this crazy
journey that we're on man I'm getting
all I'm getting all like emotional and
sensitive like a little girl what's up
what up are you I'll get up is waiting
so long no way you've been way in yeah
oh are you guys are awesome what's wrong
no no well he talked to you oh I'm
probably okay we're getting out of here
we just burned up a day real fast we
went zero to 100 real quick stop or you
can come in yeah where she came up here
somebody said there's a restaurant up
here but there's not so now we're just
like in love with the view look at this
there's a big cruise ship the Roman and
you need to Tony to talk to him it's a
date as I know you do
waiting to talk so soon last night we're
starving but look at this oh my god it's
awesome
so you guys know we didn't really eat
too much today we're trying to find a
nice place a little steak house how you
doing sir there's somebody throw up in
here okay I had a baby maybe do
something I mean it smells funny I know
yes a little
yeah I know me check the fees it's on
you I don't see anything
anyway we're gonna go find a steak house
something oh there's a barbecue joint
so in Ohio we're usually stuck behind a
tractor you got yeah you guys actually
got horses like stop I'm putting a halt
on the street it's intimidation you ever
like you walked up to a cop on a horse
it's scary there's so many police in the
city man this just decisions decisions
we got West Side steakhouse we got the
Lance
I got split you to long for what now
we're trying to decide like this is
probably more bar and grill that's a
steakhouse that's a place you do your
taxes oh it's the Ghostbusters what's up
why do you make fun during every time
every time I get my camera is that
what's up my friend so I say that every
Thomas up my friends yeah we should have
swingers
we settled on a little steak house but I
ordered a football apparently good bye
oh you should
no it looks amazing but there's no way
in the middle of that school size
they'll have to come home
look at that the intrepid that thing is
gigantic
that would be cool I like me take a tour
on that thing this is actually really
awesome now I'm start ain't no I think
I'm moving to New York like I think
after two days I think after two days I
feel like it's just meant for me man it
hotdog stands beautiful lights all of
them lights
I got a tuck you later no don't even act
like you know Kanye know I'm gonna be
honest with you guys this is the result
of a good day right here hey my friends
we uh I don't know if I've ever told you
guys this in the blog but when and
you're gonna agree I bet with when we do
these meetups sometimes they're an hour
long sometimes four hours long when
you're done with them you crash so hard
it's like because you're meeting all new
people your smile you having a great
time you're like your energy level is at
its max and when you're done it's like
just falling off a cliff I crash so hard
he dating your speed dating not that
I've done it I certainly haven't we're
so dead
lame Wow they're lame good day I had a
great time it's fun New York's been fun
but we gotta go ha ha ha Mike we gotta
go I know I gotta talk to you about
something Britt you gonna make it home
we got to be up 6 a.m. in the morning
catch a flight to Columbus I just want
to see you should tell them that we
asked wants in like we have a secret
huge survey huge secret yeah when are
you ready to announce it well it's just
a net we don't have to say much let's
just announce what we're doing whatever
you're ready on this vlog know whatever
you ready
right now not all right yeah we do is
gonna be fun if you tell me the name of
these Jordans right now the number these
are numbered Jordans I'll give you them
right now what do you mean by number
Jordan Jordans have numbers right like
yeah Jordan warn Jordan to you tell me
that numbers and they're in Roman
numerals if you can give me the Roman
numerals of these arguing to you right
now so you have to say like no just give
me the number you don't have the Roman
numerals are going to you right now 13
no plus what was it 1110 I went with my
mom's lucky number hers is 13 so not my
lucky number all right we're out bruh
bruh we'll catch you on the flipside hi
Roman so safe trip back to LA oh yeah
we'll see you soon real soon
real what are you doing are you peeing
looks like you're peeing wait IM pee
let's go
yo if i had a water this would be a good
night to do that old-fashioned pee prank
cuz the cops are everywhere look how
many cop cars kind of disappointed in us
but I'm just beat
I know we sound like old like old boring
people you know but we're just would be
illogical like we have responsibilities
I got to get up get on a flight you know
there's so many cool costumes look at
this room honey
oh I don't look at me having a dear
craft cut uh uh when we go tell uh I
don't know if we've ever showed you guys
I told you guys this we never REM
service and ever comes in ever like even
if we're here doesn't matter how many
days we never have room service comes so
the room just continually gets worse
just like home baby just like home um
also I don't know if you guys noticed
that I always start picking my face
right before I start blogging I always
forget that I'm gonna be vlogging after
I start popping and picking and poking
oh no last time we love you guys so much
ah thanks for coming to New York with us
I hope that our next spot you guys will
be there and I'll announce it next time
I didn't say anything really about
string column on the wall because I feel
bad but we had an excellent turnout way
more people that I expected I honestly
every single time we do doesn't like
they're gonna be people I love it like
like we are going to playlist Orlando in
April there was like three different
people were like we'll see you in April
so awesome yeah so we have three people
coming in Orlando for sure
oh well start we'll start adding the
numbers that way we're at three right
now thank you guys again for coming
along we will see you I am dying I know
Britney is gonna say the same thing just
to go home to the kids like all I want
to do right now I don't you want to be
here it sounds so bad but I just want to
do one of them warps that always do but
the whole like hey guys we just woke up
talking with my cat sure we'll be there
soon we'll be there soon oh we got to
sleep edit and we'll be there so we love
you guys so much I'm gonna stop rambling
I hope you had a wonderful day I hope
you enjoyed this vlog I hope it cheered
you up a little bit somehow
I don't know what I did that would have
cheered you up today but I'll work on
that tomorrow I love you guys so much
keep your head up and smile more y'all I
got a question I got a question
I talked about you you did I missed it I
got a question
I said unsubscribe Romanow they already
already unsubscribed I just wanna know
who your favorite youtuber is um like be
honest honestly well can I say who my
favorite YouTube friend is and this is a
hundred honest and everybody knows it
okay
