how do you open it
area hey hey hey hey I was saying hey 90
freakin times for us no choice at least
five times do I do it every time
yeah hey hey hey hey guys welcome to the
vlog hey see hey guys we were just
getting started today we are in New York
City we're here for streamcon 2015 I
didn't even go some was in her talk oh I
can't stop loving uh she's gonna crap
watch watching today's vlog she's gonna
crash sorry
I guarantee it let's go here we are my
love
hello good
Roman right mr. Roman that's me
how are you my friend we're headed to oh
you have the you jammin in here ha ha
we're headed to where let me see oh
that's that's a horse huh it's not a
master yeah that's a greyhound
that's a Great Dane great game that's
what is it grade oh my gosh we don't
have to be on location for another two
hours and a half so we're gonna run and
find it dress for New York at all this
is what I'm wearing it's cold out isn't
it it's cold it is cold so I'm gonna
find a sweater or something to wear I
brought one at work yesterday story
stinks like you okay so we're warping
over - this is like the willy wonka
factory of clothing there's like 14
floors of clothing how to even pick
something like trying to find a piece of
candy at the store there's too much too
much top it I think I liked it here show
it so goodness it matches my outfit and
everything yeah hey like you're good we
are if you think they'll know you think
they'll know if I just leave with it
yo they didn't even notice I walked
right out with this coat
I'm kidding I bought it you guys know I
bought it look at this place
you want a highfather how are you are
you watch reviews thank you so much he
got us a cab give him a couple bucks a
couple oh thank you sir
well he's working it man that's good
hi how are you okay we are going to
alright guys this is a pretty cool place
this is the convention center right here
and I've never been here before man
everything smells so good there's so
many food vendors and just don't know
what to expect this place is massive
awesome up to the red pillars so this is
obviously streamcon right here can we go
down no you're not allowed to go down
you just flew to New York City to be
here well it's cool it's a lot bigger
than I thought that is not okay we're
idiots that's like run for what are you
might run for life it's uh it's not
string time okay that's how you know we
know nothing about what we're doing
right now maybe this is string con obey
it's right here this is stream con there
it is you must still want to go down
here uh-huh sorry guys we're so lost I
love bringing you on these mystery
journeys pictures taken this free stuff
the caves you gotta watch out ready set
go
that's his pose he always does yeah you
want to take him home
yeah you don't take him home okay he's
being shy this is the very famous jiff
dog jiff yeah good ball
Oh tricks for you okay so right now
Charles and I are headed to do a QA
together you have the answers question
and answer you'll figure out all the
answers I don't know what to expect
is there anybody there is it just gonna
be a week it could be a Liam Britney
right there I take you down one of your
not hears any questions very 2009 that's
for one I own I see yeah we get to do a
fun Q&A apparently this thing doesn't
even really start till tomorrow so I
don't know what to expect and then I can
add that's right yeah so this is like
this is like the hallways that are in
every like action movie
then I'll scheme for Bennett
thanks for card we got some people here
are you guys all waiting to take a
picture
no I'm happy let's do it let's do it
haha silly foolishness opera I was doing
sketch comedy and all my money to my do
the elephants on YouTube yeah I didn't
know it was there like this is gonna go
crazy on YouTube and I did at all people
hated it I didn't even leave use for
like two and a half years that is crazy
yeah so just finish the Q&A and look who
I ran into
man look at those in guns that's your
vlog cam now I'm trying to out yeah I'm
trying out holy smokes what what cameras
a it's a Sony a7r month it's like
old-school it's big it's big but it's
called it's got like a 24 to 240
something get like those tell a lot a
lot of people are moving to big blood
gas it's when I'm traveling as well you
want to get like those epic beautiful
shots yeah you sunsets and like things
in the distance yeah I'm more of just
the crappy vlog guy just puts up he
escaped but beautiful out here look at
this
so where to now little girl let's go
join fousey let's just go down there oh
I got a question I got a question I
talked about you you did I missed it I
got a question
I said unsubscribe Romanow they already
already unsubscribed I just wanna know
who your favorite youtuber is um like be
honest honestly
well can I say who my favorite YouTube
friend is and this is 100% honest and
everybody knows it
okay it's this guy who goes by Roman
Atwood and is everybody knows that
though I worry I saw the genuine
relationship we made together and stuff
when I was in Ohio they didn't see all
of it mmm all right do your thing do
your thing so we had a QA Charles and I
and then Lucy had one down here I had
two he wanted he wanted me to come up on
the stage so I just I went up and asked
him a question I thought you know I
tackle him or something if I had planned
it I would have done something to him
but he was the one I was like yeah I do
sound a song so a dish was nicely
what is that wool but my neck yo are you
okay with it yes I knew I was like go
guys Romans gonna crack says you did I
didn't hear that stage here is that we
go
I'm gonna go meet some diehard fans I've
never seen fans like this you ready
I didn't what I'm speechless right now
I've never been raining every day get a
picture yeah of course you can god how's
your kids amazing you know I watch your
blog yeah yeah thank you so much you get
this real quick what's up man
yo give me a hug give me a hug I watch
all your blog that long not everything
do you have to change my whole life you
have no idea what Kane all of that like
you guys cheer me on
oh yeah well that's why we do exactly
this come home that's the first thing I
don't do to you since one o'clock you
have no we got almost arrested over
there two times see shoes like why you
so happy look man I've been watching for
years needs every day just like just I
remember your your timeless video are
you drinking I remember what day I mean
wonders don't eat that video to come
back I go back to New York okay guys we
got to go oh I'm about to eat a rat I
don't want them dumpsters over there
whoa who just got no car somebody just
dude I love you see oh my god I can't
believe you baby in here do you guys not
supposed to be in there we're going to
do chill chill just in the car dude
what's up man my god roomie these days
right here I know it's really loud in
here
to try Tim Tims going to get us some
room
octopus tell you those who are they got
rabbit here
nail art calamari
that's not our next el amor evil eyes
like deep-fried octopus I had no idea
and you like
I told my dad owes onion rings and he
told me that's no I think we're gonna do
it for the vlog you guys know how I
don't like seafood
the other class in college and to robot
knowledge eyes for the noise I feel so
hot
Brittany and I both are so sure
I can fly
I'm so out of place
shut up running Virgo jars and
please shut up
entertain me did you quietly quickly
so hey how's it going we were so just
how are you blogs and my name is Roman
Atwood and it's my stunt double and
Roman - I guess let it go closes that
naturally no next we Romans younger
brother didn't know that
never said that I was going to run
they said I was ever brought over the
block what you never told is my camera
we're about to have a heated heated
battle I'm so sweet weird for some rola
this is a regulation I feel like a
musical
she's a pretty so we've heard
that Charles has a ridiculously strong
arm
apparently he beats guys with arms twice
his size booty is going to take him on
Oh what up dude hold on for Allah
strengthen right Fuu see you're up
already
let's do it they didn't even do it come
on take your coat off a lot of caution
right now this is such bullying his arms
is like little ho maybe Hulk there we go
my head always crazy this has been like
three hours of hype for these two to arm
wrestle I don't know what to expect stay
flat okay
hi we are leave the hive get Sam oh
sorry dude
oh come on you got it all right I'm sure
come on yep
over the top Mike you know they're good
I think I think got it yeah oh
dang pussies of me up homie enjoy
universal oh yeah ready what's up dude
how are you yeah I'm so tired
this is this poor guys they're on your
book tour but so yeah super Congrats
thanks I'm envious to that India okay
this is chicken arms verse tired of here
a little mile
on your mark get set go
oh go get sweet
Oh
don't hurt me too
he's off he's up he's all cried wait
your choice
your hand was off because your own Cola
you can do that no I just be a roaming
you can edit this later okay I couldn't
see it dude okay we can wrestle four
times I'm gonna win four times oh my god
this is going to be drama now he didn't
know that side note as his sound
engineer I've done hundreds of times
I've seen dozens pharmacy touches that
was the quickest I've ever seen yeah I'm
gonna super done that to me I wasn't
ready for that bro that that's that's a
tactic brother thing yeah you were able
I had to beat my big brother
we put a little the only reason I had
any chances because his arm was tired
and then when Lucy I don't care what he
said
his arm was totaled so I was fresh I
will say that was a tough one that was a
very tough one I will say that but I
feel ya know Lucy just he just ran over
there I know he's never gonna quit I
know he's never gonna do this but I
think I don't know you guys watch the
video tell me I just beat an arm wrestle
there's a lot of technicalities on this
well I think we can get we can get down
to the nitty-gritty big enough man say
you were very tough we're very tough
I will be big enough and say you were
incredibly one of the toughest ones I
just think Coolio here would have
thought right then call your tool you're
one of the hardest ones ever I'd be dead
please MMA look how upset he is no what
are you I think I eat a can of spitting
I got something to say at 80 can't an
inch before we were come it's like
although we have our differences right
now Lucy let me come up to his room and
can you just tell by Lucy's room what
his strength on likes more yeah his room
his bathroom is bigger than my room I
don't believe you guys
yeah I need to see it this bed yeah to
give you an idea of our room size I'm
happy to have the room they paid for the
room it's a nice room but our bed holds
up to a wall to save space
girl yeah well wait
Rancho magic granted Simmi was supposed
to come with me so that's all we had two
beds you guys are yeah two people you
guys are together
Nydia too bad they didn't know they know
they know oh they know they know they
know okay so who do you because rolling
like I never I've never met them but
every time I say something like we not
actually gonna be like free stuff like
why do you know Destin Padre this is the
fact I mean I've never met break and I
like yeah how do you like him Jake not
Roman are you guys warping over to our
room real quick while Britney grab some
crap I uh uh I'm gonna get really tired
laying here by the way
you guys have heard me talk about these
guys tons of times in the vlogs if you
hate reading like I do
literally I'm not good at I don't
comprehend it I suck at I don't read
very well but you like to have the
knowledge of a book you can listen to it
now audible.com great site 180,000
freaking books a lot of you guys are
allowed to listen to books in school now
so imagine just chillin listening to a
book that you like on your laptop or on
a plane or in a car like you can listen
to it anywhere ten times better than
reads 2015 I want to read a book I don't
want to read a book anyway guys links in
the description audible.com forward
slash ramen my name that's it you get a
free book it's completely free go check
it out and try it it's awesome dope the
I was the same exact thing you're
thinking right now just beauty this is
stupid
it's awesome check it out
he's trying to vlog that's very rude I'm
sorry I'm trying every time you say
something
sir some very rude dude that was a
hybrid that was a Prius
try this again we are moving locations
where are we headed thank you Tim yes
Timmy Oh sky set the sky to the sky yeah
is it is there heat uh probably but I
feel like if match is gonna be open you
really hope you those options yeah
doors it for the place called the sky
room
decorating Halloween
I'm gonna just say it everything's so
different when you don't drink alcohol I
have a head up on like 70 days what's
gonna hey what's up guys how are you
dude our walk home looks so safe
like I feel safe here um I just want to
say life is so different when you don't
drink alcohol like I'm walking around
with these guys they've been drinking
look I know but I had I had a glass of
cranberry juice tonight and I'm just
watching it I'm inside the club guys and
I just realized how different it is when
you don't drink so here we are New York
City I guess you got to get a slice of
pizza yeah how is it good is it I know
different slice here remember here for a
slice bread we're trying to find our way
home New York is crazy man no matter
what time it is
alright guys we are actually back to the
room I don't know what to think about
this vlog I feel like it was super noisy
super loud just crazy um I know this is
gonna sound really stupid but I still
haven't drinking any alcohol and I'm
actually really proud of myself because
these things that we do these places
that we go there's so much influence to
want to drink I know it's silly like I
can have a drink or two and enjoy the
night but for some reason I just haven't
it just feels good so I encourage you
guys maybe there's something you're
trying to just stop doing and no matter
how hard it is you can do it because I'm
doing it and it feels good like I'm
happy because now I come to my room and
I'm able to edit this vlog like no
problem I can stay up I can edit or I
can wake up feeling good in the morning
or when I used to drink it would be so
hard to just edit at night or get my
work done so those are those are some of
the reasons why I have quit it's because
I have to work I need to edit I need to
be ready in the morning for streamcon
and it's just it's a good feeling man I
know I'm just letting this out but it's
true um Brittany obviously drank we love
you guys so much we uh just couldn't
think listen all these sirens man New
York is so great listening and while
every all parts of the day
it's just like all gold right thank you
guys for being here with us we love you
so much
and we will see you tomorrow thanks
again smile more you're amazing
pretty silly love you smile boy I saw so
many comments yesterday people like why
would you shave a lizard into your hair
dude I lost a bet to you guys huh that's
why it is really weird being out in
public with it though everybody looks at
me funny have you ever seen somebody
with a lizard in their head like this
you like it would you hang out with me
if you weren't at work right now
