- goodbye DC ready go home see the boys
mm-hmm
miss the family like crazy yes well
we've had such a good time on this trip
but it's time to go home I'm very very
excited for that my throat is like a
horse yeah you gonna make it we are this
is the most shady pickup spot that I've
ever been picked up in my life look at
this
ready to rock and roll chipper doesn't
look too busy that's good well this is
definitely one of the fanciest airports
aw but like floors shiny the ceilings
are huge yeah it's very it's super nice
the security here is like full battle
rattle thick vest equipment everywhere
that was like machine Keith Brittany
just getting her routine massage before
we get on the airplane she always makes
time shows nice time just pranked you so
bad the guy that scans your ticket he's
like we're going to Boston right and she
was just dropped her face truck got me -
cuz we've been waiting for an hour we're
going home we're going to Columbus
Columbus good to be home good to me all
man
it's always fun to be doing pool things
and traveling but it's always good to be
home mats wear red
we're not here
1 & 2 patrol that's pretty rare that
happens alright guys we made it
whoa we made it to Ohio we kind of just
skipped the flying part just get home to
sport home did your warp trip have a
good time at playlist it was really fun
I hope you guys enjoyed it as well
we will be at playlist Orlando I don't
know when that is start stuffing my
teeth
oh you tell me this time usually have to
wait to watch the blog to see what was
in my teeth it is so beautiful it's
unbelievable we always make jokes though
every time we fly into Ohio it's rainy
and cloudy
it is beautiful barely any clouds in the
sky so you ready to go see you'll okay
nurse
is he gonna run to you is he gonna run
to you or me he always gets them on me
first
I'm keeping it I keeping it on it she
says something's in my team
oh yeah there is
I'll be right back I got it no I got it
didn't you talking about it dude it's
like right on the edge
you are crazy oh you got it now oh my
god I had it the whole time there's
nothing worse than hanging out with a
bunch of friends and you like go to the
bathroom and you've got like that you
got some huge it like nobody told you
why are people afraid to tell you when
something's in your teeth or you have a
big booger in your nose you're supposed
to tell your friends especially before
you blog I've edited before at night and
I've seen like I have a big booger in my
nose the whole time nobody told me
hooker got me so good how's my buddy we
are back home I just came out to get the
luggage is the most disgusting thing
you've ever seen
driving home we heard like a smack on
the window look at the size of the bug
Brittany hit oh my yeah you gotta help
me you got it Teddy you got it bull
here you go Batman my fishies missed me
hey guys look at him follow us look at
him whoo hey man I'm the only guy who
ever meet that misses his fish what's up
guys oh I missed my tank ah oh man ah oh
look there's me Hey
oh you're surfing on my yeah oh that's
awesome that's why it's dark in here
there's one light bulb oh one thing
that's hard to believe about this ball
pit is it's actually really comfortable
it would seem like it's not but it is
haha I got you know became rougher
we just had a mini heart attack you guys
know last week our water shut off and
quit we had to get a new well pump and
it just quit again so obviously we have
breakers that say well I came down here
they weren't popped but I popped them
anyway I'm popping back on the waters
back on so super freaky man because
where we live it takes a long time to
get people out here you can't just like
call they're here in ten minutes it's
like we'll be there tomorrow I still got
to do that photo shoot member ten ten
ten ten ten ten ten ten ten hey my baby
hey did you miss us while we were gone
ah we missed you more hey pickle trap
what a giant pickle truck we are
obviously catching up on some family
time that is needed badly it's so hard
to be away from this little dude hey if
you guys did you you guys should pick
you up on it's the new cane pillow it
Wiggles a lot though it Wiggles a lot
that's a old tongue firetruck feels on
this bitch
liyan is a five-seater pencil ok
guys so we are just bouncing into the
night bounce warpin what's that just got
to thank you guys for letting us uh
settle into the house today and hang out
with the fam nothing too exciting but
for us it's the greatest times man I
know I know it's so fun to travel and be
a part of these awesome events and get
to meet all you guys but there's
something about being home with that
little that little dude in there to
squeeze on my neck until I can't breathe
it's the greatest in the whore code a
few cool things we are two days away two
days away from a new special guest
staying in this house it's gonna be huge
and from there we are flying straight to
Los Angeles for the Streamy Awards I've
been nominated for two awards neither
one of them you can vote for so I'm off
the I'm off the hook on that it's all
extreme ease like they do the boating so
we'll see see what happens that's
basically it uh you know thanks for
hanging out all these fun days and
thanks for hanging out when we're at
home tell me in the comments today this
is the only comment you should put I
won't you guys can't just take one
second comment travel vlogs home vlogs
or both I don't prefer both because
that's the easy way out pick which one
you actually like more in comment I love
you guys stay positive
please stay positive keep a big smiling
face you're beautiful we will see you
tomorrow
smile Mon
