hey hey hey hey hey guys hey hey
trying to wake up I'm trying to wake up
I'm really asleep right now I'm actually
completely sleepwalking
we'll get this nastiness but what's up
guys welcome welcome today is a very big
weird strange day good morning body Kane
and I are still asleep
I swear Britney's the only one awake
she's killing coffee and actually I
hadn't yet anyway today's a big day
Britney is going to finally go do her
hair you're getting your hair done is it
are you getting color what blonde you're
going blonde you're not going blonde um
there's gonna be some flan in there and
there's gonna be some purple maybe some
red oh my gosh you know look like a ship
rag haha but not only is Britney going
to get her hair done I am going to get
the lizard shaved into my hand I am
nervous about that I have no idea what
to expect Cain I'll put a lizard in my
head
this smell crazier one Billy okay I'm
really late just in case I put a vlog
camera in your purse you're all set to
vlog I'm gonna vlog we are going to make
this day extra long for you because
yesterday we didn't upload a video all
right so let's do it for them let's do
it for them oh my god I really gotta
wake up I'm like asleep I'm gonna dive
into the shower wake up for you guys get
lifted get pump get pumped with me I'm
sure some of you feeling like me right
now I'm sorry I feed my leg
oh now what am I gonna do what am I
gonna do gay how about me is that him
puking my legs out breath huh good legs
I got legs no no no you can't eat him
how am I gonna make you breakfast
ah Mina's dinosaur on the planet and
he's so cute and blue he's so cute oh he
pets the camera he pets the camera he
doesn't mean it though he wants to eat
you guys Oh does he need help get it get
out of that nasty rain come on
Caine's got a pretty pretty evil little
blue dinosaur in here so beware yeah
Kane how long should we leave this dummy
up here should we take him down yeah
okay we're gonna take him down today so
believe it or not a lot of you guys
asked me how it you guys know I've been
starting to drink coffee like I never I
used to like would have a coffee
somewhere throughout the month or the
year I would have a coffee or something
but I've recently just started drinking
some of you guys best how do you make
your coffee because I always say there's
hardly any coffee in it so I'm going to
show you this is something I've done for
a long time I showed you in the blogs
probably year or two ago I use hot
chocolate it doesn't matter what kind
this is double cocoa hot chocolate so
it's like super super chocolate and I
just pour it in a cup probably way too
much put the hot chocolate in a cup
maybe a little more or less doesn't
matter it all tastes the same I fill it
up look look look look look look oh
there's that little fight face you got
oh he's happy he's a happy little bird
huh I think he wants to fight me I think
he wants to hurt anyone's a hug well
yeah uh-oh
I thought I was I thought everything was
good
everything is good uh uh okay I thought
we worked it we did all right you
distracted me now my cups completely
full and then I usually put a little
splash of milk in here but I'm kind of
running out of space
watch watch the milk ready it's like
magic seal awesomely boring that was
yeah and there you have it guys hot
chocolate
coffee and milk that's pretty much how I
drink it's delicious really good after a
big snowy day how about something she
wants a message daddy would you like
some sausage well you don't like my
dummy you want me to take him down
please we were just talking about we
were gonna take him down today so many
rules I thought I'd grown up I thought
it was adult now because there are
certain things that you have to be told
to do do all right fine
cain't Cain and I eat our sausage with
syrup and mom all just said she's never
heard of that I've never seen that you
eat syrup on pancakes yeah maybe in the
1800s well is every city out there eats
their meat with syrup I do it with my
bacon with my sauce it's a really nice
it turns it into candy that's what he
needs
sweet so when I leave in 10 minutes to
go to do my stuff you're gonna be stuck
with a fruit I forget Dan you'll be good
for Mama right sure you know give me a
big hug love you Oh God
oh you're getting so strong little dude
you do I have it all dinosaur living in
your house huh do me Bob
that was weak come on come on
yep Oh fire fire huh I love you I'll see
you soon okay that's my boy here's my
little city Columbus Ohio guys covered
in clouds as usual coming downtown real
quick to do a bunch of paperwork crap
I'm not gonna put in the vlog but uh
afterwards I'm going to do the lizard
guys I'm doing it I'm cutting the lizard
into my head I figured it's a good time
Brittany and I are going to New York
City tomorrow for streamcon excited for
that and I just thought it'd be a good
time it'd be fun be something fun to do
so can't wait to see Kane's face this is
right where I shot a lot of my videos I
did for the homeless where I was like
change would be falling out of my shirts
and not just fun jackpot videos that we
did right here on these streets right
here I'm sure almost all of you know
that I didn't upload a vlog yesterday I
apologize for that funny thing is I
actually did the
I did do a lot of blogging so I'm going
to show you that now here is a little
bit yesterday
that's what left me the justice if you
need a new mop or hat I know what
they're going to say but I don't like
the mops you get I'm so sorry look at
this come look at this boy I know what
you're gonna say hey hey guys what is up
welcome to our house today it is a
madhouse and I mean madhouse I mean
everyone's mad at each other
my create I create a company called
smile more and everyone's yelling sounds
like a movie you 3ms around it's a good
mom Oh Mari here it's a good cotton mop
it's not night for me your tongue
Ron David I don't plan on it I get to my
mic line and you can change those mops
you get you gotta squeeze it like this
Oh daddy thank you know she likes old
fashioned mechanics she wants to do it
herself
yeah one you see Ellie hey I got a
toothbrush in there we can just do the
floor with that Megan's not under the
sink and you can spend all night knowing
these little tiny cries we're trying to
help relax okay there's a lot to do guys
we are um Wow let me start from sorry
you just took me down Britney's mom
hasn't seen this yet you got it dude
look Cain's got it you see kids gosh now
do you feed Kane oh my god hold on gang
I'm super gay oh my god for a split
second we had a Russian yeah it
we should print out a cane face and just
stick it on there when I was spinning
kryla I'm gonna start fresh with this
vlog right now pretty already
you guys want raw this is as rahl as it
gets this is our real life a very very
chaotic day and I would be lying to you
guys if I didn't tell you that we're
getting a very late start um I don't
know what to say like some days are hot
some days they're not
we just are doing a bunch of crap
getting ready to leave we you guys know
we have to go to New York on Thursday I
just had this giant dumpster delivered
because we're about to do a lot of
cleaning and I definitely got the wrong
size because that would hold everything
that I own there you go
you got it perfect straight now
straighten out straighten out there you
go keep going Jane's driving us all
right
if you guys decide to start a business
or you open a business one day you're
gonna learn you accumulate a lot of
friggin trash a lot of it so that's why
I got this giant dumpster in my yard and
it is official clean-up day man I got so
much to throw this is the fun part so
that's a little bit about what yesterday
was like it was it was chaotic it was
just business man I was cleaning working
on the store working just things I don't
want to put on camera and some days I
just get in this mood where I'm like
quality yeah I'm gonna put up something
quality not quantity and I don't know
it's just me making excuses guys I
apologize I'm gonna make it up today
we're gonna do an extra long blog for
you I also sent Brittany with her own
camera today so let's see what she's up
to
and then it's lizard time hey guys so I
just made it to the hair place um it's
so nasty rainy out I just gotta get this
taken care of it's kind of a kind of a
wreck I sent a tweet out for purple or
blonde and the purple went crazy so I
have to get some purple put in there for
you guys
we're getting started so she knows
purple right
oh yes lon yes and some black fur oh I'm
excited man black fur coat yeah
there because I wanted to really show up
I'm doing an additive and in our shop
our look at that purple no hope you guys
are ready for this I think I am ha ha I
think you have been wanting me to do
this long that I don't want to freaking
mouse on your dagger it's a win
screaming everybody asked me what's a
little foot preacher man you want it you
could cut it straight out your hair's
going to look like a nun alright so here
we go guys we're doing the wizard do I
have enough hair oh yeah yeah they got
ornery you live you're in heaven right
now how long is a lizard tape Oh a
couple minutes priesthood man should I
dye it like after I'm done now I think
I'll stand out it'll stand out anyway
see uh uh you know she'll see oh whoa
that's my head that's your head I just
freaking did it guys I did it it's hard
let me see if I can show you
I might need Brittany to fella but check
it out he did an excellent job I mean it
is what it is it's a lizard on my head
yeah you know who's gonna love this my
kids
I bet Caine flips like how cool it can
look with this haircut it only lasts
like two days three days max my hair
starts growing up I am so happy that I
went through with this haircut
not just because I lost a bet to you
guys if you've been watching this
channel for over two years then you know
I've been talking about doing this but I
needed that
push to do it I'm glad I did because
this is really Who I am I like to be
different I like to stand out I like to
make people look I like I don't want to
be the same guy that comes out of a
manufactured human that comes same
haircut same jeans same like I like to
look a little different I think if
you've gotten anything from this channel
it is to be different it is to be you
like don't be them you and I always you
know I fight pretty tough to be myself
it's hard you know there's so many
influences nowadays there's so many
there's so many cool people that you
want to try to imitate or there's so
many you know there's so many reasons to
want to be somebody else but at the end
of the day you are amazing and people
want to be you so I always want you to
watch these vlogs and leave with one
thing and that is you can do it you
really can I promise you but yeah there
is always risk and it and if you fail
you're not failing you just learning how
not to do it you keep going no matter
what I promise you'll do it all this
because of my haircut gosh I'm sorry I
just started venting on her but now I
want you guys to take away something
from these vlogs I want you to take
something you watch me every day if you
watch me every day I want I want it to
be beneficial I want you to feel good
and know that you're better than the
person you're trying to be just be you
telling you man its heart of you you
understand it is hard I couldn't be you
so that's it let's let's continue the
vlog sorry for the vent but I hope that
you guys take something from it I really
do like I'm not on here to bring you
guys down ever or you know it's always
to lift you I hope you feel great after
you watch these vlogs and if you don't
I'm working on it I'm still I'm a work
in progress baby I'm always trying
better to create better for you guys
thanks for listening to me hey everyone
I just got home mom all you like my hair
yes I do
did you miss me
oh okay so my grandma is just got a call
from my my aunt
which is duck and she was in a car
accident so we're gonna go make sure
she's okay and go pick her up I guess
her car's totaled so okay I gotta get
Caine dressed we're gonna go um get my
aunt hopefully she's okay we were on our
way to the clerks and they amulets
picked her up and is taking her to the
hospital
and she says she's okay but they're just
gonna check everything out and make sure
she is okay so I'm taking Kane a meeting
Roman dropping came up with him man
grumbles going to go in and pick her up
and then probably go and see about her
car guess she's gonna need to get some
stuff out of it
sorry guys I'm a little scatterbrained
right now my physique
I miss you everything's what's going on
I don't know okay we just made it hey
grandma we're here we finally made it it
feels like it took forever to get here
so let's go see if we can find her
you want my urn yeah you really love it
yeah do you want to do it to your hair
no I think you would look ten times
cooler than me yeah you would steal the
show with this haircut
steal the show with that shirt that's
for sure just I just went and actually
met Brittany picked up cane Rhonda duck
in the vlogs I got no car accident and I
believe everything's fine Brittany's
going to the hospital with grandma mom
now I think it's more of a check-up than
an emergency so we're gonna find out
what's going on but I brought Kane home
didn't want one of the hospital um so
can i are home and we're we're gonna
hang out until Brittany gets better I
hear an update he was gonna you were
gonna give me that weren't you
he tried to surprise me he's gonna spray
the silly string
ah it honestly looks so Creek Kane look
at it outside it's like sunny and rainy
so we are just going to hang out for
wait wait Oh control okay wait wait
yeah I know wait okay no more look at me
I look like Swamp Thing whoa-oh-oh spray
more no spray more okay I think it's L
oh yes
pretty town mr. tingling anything in the
back legs Ramiz how are you or good okay
so they're gonna take her back for that
come back x-ray just make sure nothing's
fractured or anything
she's already and quite a bit of pain um
but you're okay right
I'm oh good I love oh I think you scared
everyone it's okay the gods on the squad
and her Roman oh really
good good okay so she just left to go
get x-rays we're just going to wait for
her I guess you just have to wait until
they come back hopefully everything's
okay and we can take her to she wants to
go to your car and get some stuff out of
this so we're going to go look at that
I'm bored we're just waiting on these
x-rays bored
gram I made you balloon they can't wait
they give you medicine right now larger
doses okay so the verdict is most likely
just whiplash in the neck
her necks really really stiff x-rays
came that good no broken fractured no
crazy bones so all good
so we're gonna take our home friends
here to get her stuff out of the car
that she needs and take her home and get
pictures of my car insurance pictures of
her car it's really even Rhonda's
walking out we are just gonna get a
prescription we're going to take her
home and try and go look at her car who
plays light enough we can see it and she
Jesse it oh man okay let me see
okay so this place is closed we don't
see your car here and no one's here so
we're trying to call and see make sure
it got here and if we can get something
out of it okay they are dropping me off
grandma's gonna take aunt comb and
probably go to bed
all right so mommy just got home how
much is in that thing how she she's good
she's just really sore so what why would
a better car we can't find it you know
where I put it
some of these okay with Rhonda her car
is pretty damaged is it destroyed as its
owner what I think so I think so bad the
airbag didn't go off oh so I'm thinking
it's a faulty airbag and they're gonna
do it anyway
well they total like everything nowadays
like a date you'd order like totaled
especially if it's an older car yeah I
see I I can see a little purple in there
purple purple this kid is so every time
I film you can you get a different
outfit on he just runs and changes every
37 me that face ah alright it's that fun
time again red or black no we got red
red or black let's do red we got a pack
we're gonna just share a bag right gonna
hop in take a ride ready you'll be like
this he's got one sock on no he's this
is like his third or fourth outfit since
we got home Wow
well I don't think this is an outfit
yeah so you're so awesome yeah okay
oh that crap to me everywhere okay we
got a pack we got a pet Oh pack it like
it's hot
no it's just blowing crap everywhere
they study stuff done something scary
that is glass shattering is it just it
yucky you guys want some food real quick
yep look at that that's a yes face right
okay that's it here we go you guys ready
watch them boom
look at them they're so fast
what do you think of that cane you want
to get in there and eat with him
yeah all right hold on
is it book time is it 9:00 night time
hey what are you doing
watch your head all right guys straight
up it is packing time we have to pack
clothes underwear poopy butts
all right guys say goodbye we gotta go
bye bye
we gotta pack and do our duties guys we
are leaving for New York City tomorrow I
hope to see you there
um we'll be extreme con and that's it
for today I hope you guys had a
wonderful day look at that you know it
did this not every page is like that is
it oh no that must be the only one
anyways guys we do got a run get some
work done we should be completely back
on track starting well today but
tomorrow for us we'll see you guys
tomorrow remember be you you're awesome
smaller heat a hoodie and pants pants
and a hoodie I had to tape his arms on
I didn't realize if the arms are
straight up they don't stay on they
actually unhook to the tape his arms on
because I'll show ya
