what's up my friends in case you don't
know we are downtown Manhattan in New
York City and we have a special guest
wow that was really well done
what's up buddy are you blogging while
I've been sitting out there banging on
you was that you I thought it was the
neighbors what's up man
Oh New York City I don't know how you
live here this is crazy
it's a crazy place I love you guys I'm
done with this space city we can be here
for a while looks like we've been here
for a month
like always everywhere we go I don't
know if you guys remember a few months
ago made a video using a 360 camera was
one of the first vlogs on YouTube doing
360 the company has reached out and
invited me to their event today and
apparently they got some cool stuff for
you guys too
Oh Oh youtuber that's supposed to say
pornstar hi Omar youtuber I don't think
it's built to look old I think it's
actually just old are you sure we're in
the right place
oh wow there is no lack of snacks at all
or coffee
you get your coffee on you getting crunk
what is this 14 I would have invited
more people if I knew you had a whole
table for us yeah okay a couple cool
things right off the bat for you guys
let me show you for you guys they gave
us three cameras to give away your room
and I have it let me happen we have the
red one we've got two cameras to give
away so we go figure out the giveaway we
got to do a giveaway how would you do a
giveaway PC
Graham instant stick and Stanground
Instagram
I think he pulled that off he's got a
clever little video that goes together
basically just a daily life of Roman
parts of that make me cringe pursue
minute laughs drive over the camera loo
the car you know surmise and recommended
me to drive a lot is for under butter we
have what are you shoving me what makes
a good shot
shooting like 360 samples like the
camera being in the middle of the table
you guys playing games on this hair look
this game do it do it here it really is
trap the mouse alright that's it we're
done we left with a whole bunch of stuff
a lot of stuff for you guys - I almost
got that on camera it's fine probably is
that your third one since you left my
house anything by me anyone if I really
want to go to B and H we could do that
we just uh came up to the room we're
gonna meet up with you in just a little
bit cameras broke I'll meet you at your
office
yeah come by my office I'll show you the
YouTube workshop I'm excited about that
I'm excited about that we're trying
figure out what we're gonna do see you
later I see it a bit
that's awesome I gotta get one of those
okay so we're going to look for
something to eat we're supposed to meet
up we've been invited to a couple things
today we're trying to figure out what to
do but for now we're hungry so I guess
you can't go to New York without trying
pizza right look at all the Pete that's
got an egg on it's a breakfast pizza
oh my god eggs and bacon pizza
yeah how's your New York Pizza amazing
yeah this actually has real cheese on it
party fun the traffic is insane how do
you get anywhere
this is ours hi yes sir man ah this
traffic just blows my mind oh I don't I
don't get it
alright there's got to take so long for
them to get through the city from the
start little movie right probably I mean
there's been so many movies at Central
Park
what are you laughing this is out of
every movie I pick stir your little
right
hi were you good thanks for waiting for
us we guy here Spencer the traffic is
crazy is it it's New York City man was
USA so how he has uh first of all thank
you for the invite how he's invited us
to uh what's going on tonight this is
the Impractical Jokers practical jokers
on truTV this is a 100th episode that I
am hosting tonight Bly Frank an awesome
to play no matter how awesome to host
the hundredth episode episode sir I'll
take you backstage where the show even
starts let's go yeah there's basically
three blocks of trailers equipment truck
kind of like the YouTube sets that you
guys use mystic this is crazy next level
production I heard you imagine we were
involved in some this big
apparently they're doing some
tight-roping across these Brittany and I
have worked over to saw very excited
about KC's an office Issac Atlanta I
actually locked us out hi okay get in do
you have the key so maybe for some of
you this doesn't mean anything but I've
been watching this guy for so long that
I'm so excited to see this place I'm
just it's a mess in there I'm sorry I'm
not only this Jessie welcome to the to
the nice stack office this is the space
so give us a quick tour give us a quick
tour because you can see he has some
type of OCD every single thing is if you
take it you know where it goes it's
actually pretty genius this is first you
do protection over on this wall it's
more lethal
this is the last lethal yeah it's like
you built for zombie apocalypse you know
I mean you're in New York you won't ever
know what to happen this is a motorized
unicycle what a really bad idea dude our
unicycle in general is a bad idea for me
but a motorist I never even heard of
that this is your zombie apocalypse kit
you obviously have a chainsaw for
defense and then catch up to throw off
their their Center on it I didn't know
ketchup was us cuz it hold it's very old
whoa
I can get really close to her bread that
is really cool so you know who's coming
in so you can see the zombies that's
really cool
oh wow nay's Roman when you're in the
office you just want to like vent a
little bit you have to you have to burn
some calories yes I have
here's the thing all my buddies have way
cooler offices I don't even have an
office you have an office in my house
I've seen Roman edit look he sits on his
couch that's how he does it but this is
inspiring like to me okay we've just uh
just arrived at Casey's place what's up
little girl oh are you gonna get baby
fever now yeah you start wanna baby hi
Candace bring it in we are headed into
what's the place called we're going
we're going to a place called the
standard grill and this is like New York
City's Meatpacking District I feel like
we were here last night I think you were
exactly before we go we have a quick
yoga session that we came to join so
let's you ready
prime prime prank immature shit king
crab
I'm not a big seafood guy
oh it looks good so you got the whole
head of fish yeah eight days first I
bring some similar
where is the ice cream
I got cheesecake you want anything with
the show
fuck the good nigger
we've all finished up dinner we are
enjoying it's absolutely beautiful
outside first of all check this out
yeah wait would you say that you're
beautiful inside thank you now that's a
laser pointer what is all that flying up
there check out all these birds feasting
on the light they're having a bug buffet
a bug fare I mean that is really cool
that is really cool
look at that okay so we're back how he's
invited us to the Impractical Jokers
shoot so we're here to check it out and
see what's going on awesome dude nice
meeting ya yeah yep
these are all this is crazy
Roman how we were home and draw homie
which one all right do it
what's up guys
which line doesn't lock I came again
dude I love it
holy cow
yes sir I want to do that so bad
yeah there we go
busy busy busy this place really never
does sleep all day every day do you want
to do that did you guys know that that
some hotels don't have 13 floors 10 11
12 14 it's a it's bad luck to have a
13th floor
they have three what's the three yeah
they have three thirteen bad luck have
you guys ever noticed that yeah they
give you the weather before you go out
in the mirror in south clouds warm cold
like oh crap I need an umbrella I should
go back alright guys warping back to the
hotel um thanks for hanging out today
guys and I hope you enjoyed it we got a
really big day tomorrow
and I think we're gonna make a baby
tonight
honey are you sleep fully hey
maybe not love you guys - mom mom I love
you guys so much we will see you
tomorrow and we got a big we got a big
don't go to sleep
we don't go we love you guys so much me
no just not I love you guys we'll see
you tomorrow
smile more this is Brittany's first time
in New York City it's already been quite
the experience
we got hustled soared by taxi cab driver
we've already seen more fire trucks and
ambulances than we do in a whole year
where we live
