hey guys starting today if you watch
yesterday's vlog we are starting exactly
where yesterday's ended we let Kane open
one birthday present this morning which
is a really he's been wanting this for a
long time we're building it right now
it's a real Lego table to sit and build
it's awesome but we let him open his
first gift it is his birthday number
four are you excited for your fourth
birthday so I thought it would be cool
we very rarely end a vlog and start it
exactly where we ended it so that's it's
almost two blogs in one the chairs are
like giant Legos and they actually hold
like us there we go
I love it too you should build a little
village on here cane little houses and
little little streets since Caine's got
this awesome new table he gets to open
one more present before his party
tonight what do you think it is can
ticket been pretty modest with your
opening boy oh and if anyone has noticed
everything is um Christmas wrapping
paper Oh inside out that's all we had
there you go yeah oh cool look it says
from 4:00 to 7:00 that's how old you are
so you can build it what the heck it's
got a slide yeah you love it it's easy
to build so you you should be able to
start to try and build your own Legos
alright we are all showered up and ready
to start Kane's days as Kings day zip
what's going on out here what am I
missing
so I cut okay I made canes cake and I
cut the tops off and then I made him a
little oh you have to make your own in
case you guys don't know Brittany loves
so I don't know if you love making cakes
you just love collecting sprinkles but I
lost collecting spring looking photos
art I don't even use all this this one's
not even open yeah doesn't look so yummy
so you're gonna put those together and
yeah I did humming you got some cupcakes
over here
oh man that's gonna be so good
is it super good mommy's pretty good at
cakes isn't she know me oh you made this
one not mommy what was I thinking
so today we're kind of hanging out for
just a little bit longer we're going to
a water park for Kane's birthday we're
gonna pick Noah up at school we're gonna
go get Noah at school and we're going to
the water park dude how can you argue
with that day that's like I mean if I
was a kid I'd be today right there
sounds good to me okay fine if I was my
age I would be excited my little
birthday boy and I running up to get
Noah from school right now very excited
about that it's just gonna be me and my
boys today
shouldn't ask for anything else like
that's all I need to pay that's one and
the next you're born away already and
you're getting so big yeah there he is I
was scolded good yeah I know you're for
you tell no world don't dent didn't
don't don't don't
I don't have a windscreen on this camera
yet so I'm really worried about that
yeah
friggin broke another one huh is that it
that's the one you're swimming you can
take pictures underwater all right yeah
well that's easy problem solved right
there boy
all right boys mission complete get to
the truck and get home tent tent
dadandan then daddy jokes right
terrible terrible daddy joke all right
guys warping back home where where's the
UH oh he wants to show you his table
we're all gonna have fun with this we
picked up Owen we were home we got some
uh what are we doing gonna give that to
NOLA okay go ahead
see what can yacht look
just kidding it's yours Kane got it for
you it's the new nerf thing dude and
that's yours too
Wow all those things they're cool
good good gift Kane do you guys don't
know no his birthday was actually just
five days ago
so Kane's gonna wait for his party night
knows getting a couple gifts today are
you trying to bite it open boy oh yeah
thick is it oh that thing's legit Noah's
dying for a real replica pirate gun like
an old pirate gun it's from Assassin's
Creed huh wishing for that way too they
were sold out of every gonna yeah only
one they had you order it uh-huh let me
feel it's actually the prettiest Ashley
it's all like real weight metal and wood
does this exit oh yeah well that's
awesome oh just a toy gun I should
specify busy it's legit well I mean
who's running around
oh my gosh oh my gosh
whoa how fast can you shoot on how fast
can you shoot it's loud I'm suddenly a
lawnmower
dude that's a legit it's like okay we do
need to go who the heck is ready to go
swimming who lit fireworks in the truck
knock it off Fox hey can you guys just
have birthdays all the time I'm gonna
thank everybody right now for blowing up
uh what the heck is that everybody for
showing the love on all the social
networks for Kane's birthday you did it
for Noah's - you did it for my mom's you
you just blow our minds with all the old
pictures you find online of the kids and
it it's just we're all smiling like yeah
I'm gonna lay up Tyne just joking all
your guys's pics I love it
we're here we're here we're here game
let's do it okay so we rented a private
room at this place but look at the size
of this and we didn't really invite
anybody just like mom and dad my brother
like I didn't know is this big we could
invited the whole we can invited all the
Roman soldiers to your birthday would
you want to deep it is just just in it
no one news oh I know it as the wedding
video someone's filming and you could be
like a weatherman my little director
what do you want to go
let's go come on the water feels so cold
look at him
so we've been sitting here waiting for
this bucket to dump because pain doesn't
want to get dumped on should we
just go it's taking a long time you want
it to hit you
you see it though
haha hey skillet
okay good job on the cake you like it
that was the truck you wanted right you
wanted this truck so bad you can take it
into the swimming pool with you this is
an awesome cake right you did a great
job
Thanks here's what didn't drop the beat
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear king
and happy birthday to
make English okay okay ready 1 2 3 grab
it get him can't you keep your tires see
that it's like you got a lot of cool
stuff here boy
what is it
who's it from there's a big four let's
just see whoa that one's got loose it
looks complicated you have to come over
to build that one is this from Conrad
it's just from you all right oh that's
really nice
you got a cuddle with him Legos are big
hit at the party look at the Batman see
this let's chalk wait this is chalk
wrapping paper that is genius yeah it's
a brand new car
alphabet puzzle
he's like huh
you even got some gifts to from well
I'll take that I need money - how much
do you give him $20 oh I don't know
that's a good friend of mine don't know
we need to talk just keep our game Oh my
gamer at play battling enemies defeating
bosses smashing cars mastering news
blowing stuff up
I can relate to that one that's perfect
for your room yeah it's it it's an
author it was an ocarina from Zelda
oh it's Pam a dude's when he made that
out of class oh it looked like Daniel
Miller oh that's awesome you got throw
hard there you go he's getting it now
you realize how hard skee-ball is it for
and he was three yesterday this place
actually has a pretty decent RK we ran
in here after we're letting our cake
settle lots of cake I had two cupcakes
fine words I know nothing zero about
mascot it wasn't for Talladega night you
can be down our jr. or him these two one
of these two guys that's NASCAR racer
this ever walked on this planet design
good job good job in there oh we all
looks really hard to stick it like he's
putting a lot of pressure you got you're
gonna jump early it goes faster and
faster wow you did really good what if I
just hung from this
yeah just touch each time I was tuna
last one it's too many people out there
okay three point on
12 left oh happy birthday Ken this is
for you yeah if all those you'll be able
to buy you a new Tesla like so you got
five hundred tickets and all this stuff
is like five tickets ten tickets could
get fifty bounce you off fifty bouncy
balls to be an awesome slo-mo video
these guys
it looks awesome I'll show you on the
camera everybody worn out a little bit I
am a little bit little bit trying to
dreamy of my energy hey Kane he is awake
have fun
yeah oh my gosh left Owen
oh here's omen.oh
should we go back and give him my
parents were nice enough to take that
monster home you know I don't know where
he would have said anywhere
oh he would fit in the bed on the roof
pound we had a great time
that was awesome I'm glad we did that
you know I think you had probably more
fun than cain cuz you got the full use
of the part yeah it was still
will shy with the water every single
slide no matter what is like you know
the giant slides not a single eye not
single well we had the place to
ourselves
it was all swing you just go up and get
right on yeah non-stop yeah so we are
warping back home cane is wearing is hey
hey let me see you Optimus Prime
you the man it's a kind of time to clean
this place up now a birthday has taken a
toll on it no you did I say I was gonna
order this for you and your dad said
that you wanted a gun instead so I got
the gun oh you got the whole kit now
that's sweet hey there boomer balls they
come right back yeah I know get a
sticker birthday pic birthday pic bust
up bust out see if you can bust out oh
it can't goes down oh yeah you giving
daddy massage Justin nice back stretch
you're so sweet it always just comes up
and stretches like that
you're the best dear wait isn't it your
birthday
shouldn't daddy be scratching your back
oh yeah
I was enjoying them Oh fine
you're the best hand oh that's so sweet
don't even think it you know he comes
and asks me that itches back so many
times yeah yeah and I'll go oh all right
hey guess what time it is no daddy no I
think daddy's already asleep I'm like
sleepwalking talking cane are you said
your birthday it's about to be over
hey yeah sweet cane you know how you
were counting down like 15 days to your
birthday you guys count 360,000 days now
how are you ever going to bed guys thank
you from the bottom of all of our hearts
showing this family so much love being
here for our birthdays and for
everything that we do it's unbelievable
what's new guys showing so much love
straitjacket we already have one we just
don't show in the vlogs it's late
everybody had a great day no matter how
hard we play no matter how fast we go
this guy is still on fire everybody say
goodbye
ah we love you guys thank you again we
will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're awesome smile
more hello everyone we are preparing for
mr. Roman at woods rival home hi hi
are you ready huh huh let me show you
what we are planning on so I got this
brawl
