hey hey guys hope you're having a
perfect day I am down here
well owning a business can be messy guys
really freaking messy today I'm working
on a little project that's better yeah
that looks way better yeah what's up
everybody what's up dark I heard you
signed your first autograph I said what
happened
some kids were following me around in I
wanted to now find you Romina
I can that's pretty good well so did you
give them an autograph well I just said
I knew roaming outward that is mine now
what's in here you look a lot better
yeah
you look good you look great too the
hospital after I put her to bed no she
didn't
I know what is that though are you Anna
for what I had some tests done I had a
bone density test I had bloody rats you
know I was just killed by pregnancy can
no she does Wow you know I was just
cleaning the basement look what I found
hey I think this is yours
is it yours
wine ovens from you and you got your
shoulder done oh yeah buddy end is that
man you've been through it all
all right guys so here's what we got
going on today and this is why I've been
cleaning the basement Cain you're gonna
help me I need your help little man yep
you gotta help me okay we got to take
all these downstairs maybe you start
with that little one you don't take that
okay try it
Oh hope that wasn't glass keep pushing
up to the stairs and daddy I'll get home
new day new project very productive
trying to stay busy busy you got it you
got it keep cutting this is my worker
bee man this dude helps me with
everything no matter what it is he wants
to help I love it
working on a new project today from
start to finish this stuff all just came
in we're gonna set it all I want to show
you guys what we're doing should be fun
this little guy is going to be involved
clamps you got that one all right is
that
like a body bag that's an ID little body
cane I don't like you with scissors open
here's a cool kit pulling out stuff
we're gonna start building I know most
people don't care about this but I know
there's a lot of photographers out there
looking for a background get this whole
kit was 99 bucks right here and I'll
show it to you when it's all done kind
of looks black but it's like a dark
charcoal gray it's kind of like what's
on our website now and I think once we
bounce light off of it you'll be able to
see it it's pretty cool it's just the
background but yeah this is the stand
everything we have a giant photo shoot
that we have to do and you know it's
part of our smile more store I figured
why not set up a spot here in our smile
more store to do photos so anytime we
need to we just do it right here I'm
gonna have it permanently set up with
lights and backdrop and tripod and I'll
just be ready to work anytime okay and
here comes the light kit I wanted
something I have really really good film
lights that I mean top of the line
they're airy they're like the king of
lights
I wanted something down here permanent
and cheap very cheap these lights were
lost the price all right when I find
when I find it I'll tell you guys but
for now let's check these out lots of
parts I don't like part I really don't
like part alright guys this is the final
product got some cheap lights hopefully
they work I don't know you usually get
what you pay for in this business but I
think it'll do the job we're gonna do a
little photo shoot tonight with Kane
right yeah and my mommy well that one's
not gonna be filmed
that's that's private that's a private
shoot I'm just kidding so I don't have
any extension cords or anything so I'm
gonna have to run to the store real
quick and grab that crap so I can hook
the lights up this is definitely not
where they're gonna go I'm gonna have to
adjust them and move them around
let's see I'm a star being right now
Darvin I love what grandma comes over
she just
literally throws things out on the porch
and if we if we forget to go take them
to the trash like because it's right
there the raccoons cats you name it come
up on our porch and just rip it all out
thanks mama you're soaked yeah I know I
really wish I could tell you what we're
doing this week guys it's gonna be so
much fun
I guess you're gonna fight you don't
have to wait long tomorrow you'll know
but Ryan Thalia it's a surprise
ah come on your rascally rabbit where's
my phone did you take my phone you are
you sure you didn't take my phone what's
that down there I hear something
kind of sounds like my phone up on dude
yeah it's just like Daddy mm-hmm
dude you want to mow the lawn you want a
mother grass for now on no damn tent
Tata don't tell it to Titan don't turn
it in I'm a bad spy do you go potty
are you sure yep
hey probably would no doubt I mean I see
you in there
it did look pretty creepy in there
you getting hain it's like you're going
into some type of space space higher you
got in and lay down bathtub oh my gosh
no we wouldn't mommy's hidin you gotta
find her
it's high go seek hang your seat
yeah look they just shattered all the
glass I really it kicked out of the
store as a family as a family everybody
kicked out of here come on in they're
not in the bag
what happened did we get them candy
should we do now yesterday you're put in
the bag man he knows he knows you
awesome
oh it is full of pigs there's three
stories of pigs see if you can play
leapfrog yeah all right you serious okay
I'm going now series will go with me I'm
gonna hook up them lights all right we
open the door for daddy we used to be up
at like 6:00 in the morning which to me
and most vloggers that's like the end of
the world because we're always up really
late editing so mornings are really bad
we're on a different schedule basically
okay so I'm gonna say this right now no
matter how cheap these lights are this
right here is awesome a dimmer dial that
is like super awesome I have really
really expensive lighting really
expensive lighting and they don't even
have dimmer dials so that's a really big
plus right off the bat Hey look you look
like you're digging photos already did
ya hear is just not enough time in the
day at all hey show him show mommy's
laptop isn't that awesome I can't
believe she melted crown all over her
laptop no it's just a sticker it's
pretty cool I got one check out mine uh
where is it where's mine what is they
are mine you picked the show daddy's
gonna edit right beside you while we
watch okay I hope you guys are using
your time wisely because I promise you
one thing time don't give a crap about
you it's moving like whether you're with
it or not it's moving with or without
you so do something big-time with it
show company
hey it's hipping get off the toilet oh
all right so we're not gonna tell you
what we're doing but I will give you a
hint this is there you ready catch it
catch it catch it that's it that's all
I'm giving you
that's all you'll know tomorrow I'm
sorry we're gonna do this hey you want
in the vlog with me no does that mean
yes oh yeah he's been an opposite day
all day in it with me no you guys I know
I've told you for the last couple days
that we're gonna have some slow days and
this will be the last of that I'm
starting tomorrow things are about to
get really big very exciting and a lot
of fun so we hope you stick around for
that
um do you do you love them no does that
mean yeah guys we will see you tomorrow
thanks again for everything for always
showing your love and support and also
to each other I think that's even more
important seeing all the love in the
comments to each other's amazing that's
it guys we love you so much keep a big
bright smile on your face and we'll see
them all smile more holy cow we are
water
