hey you ready
no no imagine if you will shot me in the
face we just made a mess we'll do some
more in a little bit come on Oh Lulu you
hungry Lou your plumbers here you guys
have no idea what it's like to have no
water
all night and all day okay don't care
you playing buddy
Oh smash bros yeah you'll never be more
thankful from little things like water
until you don't have it and you realize
that you use it for everything you hope
your mommy clean up her mess yeah I know
it is
ha ha mommy told on me Hey look at me
I'll be right back
hi mommy got a run out real quick guys
is this look bad I look I'm not wearing
black not wearing black pants a long
time be honest though the shirt is a
little much I don't know if I like it
don't know if I like it but
just stopping over at my brother's place
he's got a bunch of stuff that I need to
pick up you know he makes a lot of
things here that's cool whoo-hah
nananananananananananana blow contest
what's up dude you want to play bumper
pool oh we are restocked look at that
finally you got to use the car
yeah guys you better get your order in
quick these are not gonna hang around
for very long oh my gosh samples I think
they're just loose loose in it looks
like we're going to the ultimate fan
meet whoa holy yeah we are water just
wash my hands and body flush your toilet
oh I can wash my hair though they ended
up having to bring two trucks out our
pump went bad
tons of freaking money just to have
water I missed like we don't the city
provide what we have it well yeah we
have a well we live in two countries we
don't city water another water tower
with all public water comes from the
ground straight into our house hey you
can do dishes now no excuses oh hey take
a shower
I did - OH smell like a Rottweiler
that's a lot of bracelets did Nick even
push them down you got it you got it you
know what help push push really hard
you need some shoes you need traction
take your socks off take your socks off
this is my worker bee man this is my
helper huh all right now I think you can
do it yeah
special delivery we officially have
bracelets how's this how's the store
running huh I'm trying
Chuck I know we're finally just getting
stuff back on the show so we've been out
of everything Britney's mom's down here
hustling hustling away she works all day
and that she comes here and works
unbelievable we've got water guys we've
get feel so you can't believe how
excited I am because when you go even a
half a day without water you freak out
like everything I could come in here
turn the seat on the Walsh minutes no
water so forgive me I'm going to shower
now because I couldn't last night or
today still seems a little weak no seems
like it's kind of Jerusalem oh there we
go there we go by the way I hope you
guys aren't on a phenomenal day like I
said yesterday few bloggers are going to
be a little slow it's just us here at
home kind of you know filming what we
can and then we're off or out of town
for a while so it's going to be a lot of
fun but there is a little time where
we're just kind of doing a lot of things
we can't do on camera right now
I'm clean I'm clean and I look like a
freak
whoa you gotta try that hey hey you
gotta try it it's unbelievable I need to
I feel like a million bucks oh you know
what I want to point something out I'm
so disappointed in a lot of our viewers
this my burn mark what about it
it's so sick that people go so negative
with the comments like one one little
burn on my rip my god rollin out with
cuts himself coming out with cutsies
this is what I used to cook bacon okay
but this rotates you see so when I
picked it up there it is there's the
mark come on guys I feel like that's
what the news in the media does to
everybody it just instantly makes you
think that somebody did something that's
all over
look at that what did you do no I'm not
making fun anybody but for real it's
just a burn mark guys come on you should
know me better I can't believe there's
there's little like people sending me
pictures like dude is it true hey guys
um so we need to talk about something
and this is gonna start because it's
coming without warning and it's coming
it's the title of this video it's it's
it's something that we have to do I
don't even know how to say this like
we've been doing this for a long time
you want to tell them
No you know make me do it basically I
know this sucks basically we this is
going to be our last vlog this
unfortunately is gonna be our last one
just for artists yeah no I mean for all
yes no for all yes not not no we're
gonna keep vlogging yeah that came out
yeah we're gonna have to talk nice and
loud because listen we're in the middle
of nowhere can you guys hear the bugs
let's get down to business we're gonna
do some fun it's a fun Q&A tonight we uh
I'm trying to making excuses we just
didn't vlog much today unfortunately and
I wish we did but this is this will be
fun so here we go first question comes
from Vaizey RBX commander what would you
name your girl or boy if you had another
one I already have the name sticks out
wait we do know I know for a girl we
have one but what about a boy my name
yeah that would be a curse now it was
until we got popular on the internet how
Romans a curse it's like it's like it
pops up too much I guess but no a girl's
name if we have a girl would be Rome or
ome rhomboids of it it's like short for
my name and a female version do you guys
like I do you hate it oh I love it
III love it and I've never met a girl
named ro yeah we did yeah we did the
paintball meetup is going to happen and
I'm inviting everybody that wants to
come we're going to do a huge I'm gonna
try to basically buy off the whole
paintball arena and everybody can come
and we're gonna have a heck of a day
like a killer vlog it should be a lot of
fun it is coming be patient with us we
have to travel okay I'm gonna start
paying attention you guys I'm staring at
my phone would you rather be a cat or a
dog it's a serious question there's a
serious question ah
I think I would be cat you are a cat you
are bad always like curled up on a couch
waiting for Sonic on pay Jeremy
Schoemaker asks who's a special guest
you'd like to have at the house I mean
I'm gonna go big here because I feel
like we could potentially last night
okay I was exactly what I was gonna say
he's just so adorable manly I want to I
want to work with that guy if Adam
Sandler flew to the airport and I picked
him up and brought him to this house
he's one person that I would actually be
starstruck I find that Adam Sandler I
would actually be starstruck probably
one of the few in the whole world that I
would do that how old is Cain how old
Cain would go 3 Cain is 3 guys here's a
question that we get asked a lot and I
know there's been a lot of weight on
this but we're doing it right we want to
make sure it's perfect
when is our movie coming out when is
natural born pranksters coming out it's
not a guarantee but I've heard from a
little bird that it could release in
January the very beginning of next year
so maybe don't quote me probably won't
it could it might it's so beautiful
outside guys we get like a handful of
these nights it feels like the moon for
that the moon's out the kids are asleep
what would you do for a Klondike bar
well when I do for a Klondike bar ah ask
away
I'm asked some questions your favorite
drink like out of anything my favorite
dress
probably eliminate a rootbeer like I
really like lemonade and root beer
are you talking about all you know just
drink
yeah with what's yours are you looking
at me like I made I answered wrong like
that's what I really like what's your
favorite part about being a dad my
favorite part about being a dad my gosh
I love being a dad I don't know what my
favorite part is I guess just seatmate
making my kids have see my kids so happy
like when you walk through the door
here's my favorite part about being a
dad
I know wake up listen to me when I open
the door and they come running at me and
they hug me and they love me that's the
best part about being a dad you'll never
feel love like that like you're doing
something right when they come running
through the house to try to tackle you
with love like that's that's the best do
you like a sports cars lore or muscle
cars mm-hmm I have bowled who can have
one of each
um you know I'd probably go with this I
love muscle cars I've always dreamed I'm
like a 69 Camaro or any of the 69 models
were unbelievable um but I think I would
I'm gonna go with sports cars because
they're so new and modern and the
technology's unbelievable and like I
don't know there's no rust all right
this is gonna be interesting we're gonna
try to attempt who can do the ugliest
selfie now this isn't for looks here
guys don't forget we're not going for
look-see that's let's do it let me screw
this on the tripod yeah we gotta film it
well how about you do it help you
together or it's like a competition no
way you got to do one and we'll show the
camera and then I got to do one you can
do it off camera you can do it off
camera take one yeah okay you do it
first me yeah but I don't know then I
don't know what I'm competing with here
okay I'm gonna go right here and do it
why are you making weird sounds it's
part of my character I gotta get into
okay now you do yours then we'll show
them both they can compare oh you have
to just take a picture all right guys
you got to raid us what do you mean one
I think I want okay well let them be the
judge
all right oh you don't got this oh I can
take another on this we're waiting for
the final photo here okay I'll give me a
second chance
I don't know what she's doing that oh
how you hurt yourself taking a selfie
yeah
this is such a bad idea because it's
gonna be all screenshots of our ugliest
face that's all right yeah it's funny
okay which one you want to submit mine
sighs I have no light oh my god
you look like you're made out of wax and
somebody melting you okay here's Britt
it's not that bad you look like a wax
pig you're melting in the Sun come on
give it up for the winners that's bad
dude I don't want that on the internet
I'm not posting this alright guys that
is gonna do it for us what are we doing
what are we doing going to bed we gotta
go to bed um a couple a couple slow days
and we'll be back at it starting
Wednesday actually Wednesday's gonna be
the start of a very very big busy week
just turn my fire off again just term up
whoa I got it back again Oh long it took
me to rub them sticks together and get
that thing started alright guys in the
comments all you got to do is tell us
who won the ugly face contest today did
Britney win or did I win we're not
playing favorites here but
we love you guys gotta go smile more
nobody leaves without getting a hug
