good morning hey came where's mommy huh
are you serious
mommy's not under there
you guys are actually coming with me on
a very last second trip
everything's getting charged I'm almost
ready to go uh-huh
gonna miss you monsters I need to go
like I'm running way behind the vlog is
Oh would you look at that processing 0%
hey are you yeah are you gonna miss me
oh are you guys gonna miss me oh I want
to stay give you guys an idea how fast
we're moving around
I didn't even unpack my stuff from the
suitcase it went straight into my
backpack and uh okay I have a couple of
things for you okay this is for your
nose and this is in case you have any
good ideas ideas I get it
inner magic came because he loves the
minion guys yeah I don't need many more
reminders hey it's so hard to leave look
in case I get some ideas get it mommy
got you one too
my good boy yeah like you're not gonna
be able to do it without I'm definitely
not gonna do without you okay hey he
made his own little you got your own
idea book
come on I said this is to write down
your great ideas Lisa I already have
great oh I know I heard him Hey look at
me daddy loves you okay I'll be right
back
No hey my best buddy in the whole world
promise okay daddy's gonna be right back
I hate leaving you oh okay bye guys bye
forehead huggy I love you baby
say sei fast I'll be right back
by far and I say this I think every time
I leave solo the hardest part of my
career am I my job what I do is is
leaving the house leaving the family it
never hits me until I leave the family
and I talk to you guys and say man I
hate leaving the family it's definitely
the toughest part honestly it's a super
quick trip you guys and myself are going
to take running out to Los Angeles real
quick I mean this is like gonna be real
quick I got some serious trivia for you
this is a real trivia question this is
really going to test who's been watching
the longest who can tell me the first
person that leave a comment and tell me
which video it's still on the main
channel which video I asked you guys if
I should try to make a prank video that
is still on my main channel I came to
you guys and I said would you guys like
to see a prank who would have thought
that it would create an entire world for
me and my family an entire career an
entire new life just from asking that
question so tell me in the comments who
remembers the name of the video that I
and I asked you guys
thank you
I recognize I made it to Fort Worth I
feel like I've been here a lot lately
some fun facts about Fort Worth 60% of
all our paper money printed in the
United States is made right here in Fort
Worth that's pretty cool
also the very first zoo in Texas was
started right here in Fort Worth Fort
Worth zoo and they only had like four or
five animals 1909 that's free while
my blend water Melik options I see a lot
of you guys ask is it awkward to pull
out your camera and vlog around people
yeah sometimes it is it's really hard to
pull this thing out and talk to you guys
sometimes but I realized that there's a
million people inside this lens and it
just pumps me up in Alice I don't give a
crap like I have to like pep talk myself
sometimes like you know it is awkward
sometimes it really is we got one more
flight
we made it to Los Angeles it's beautiful
it's warm as always I'm looking for my
pickup says he's in the garage with no
top on it okay alex is picking me up on
my try scare
he's in his truck
yeah though a cup yeah I needed a Waco I
was falling asleep get in here well you
woke me up oh man
all right guys so we made it I always
thanks for picking me up brother
you're welcome you just scared the
grabbed enemy thanks from oh yeah really
did sometimes you scare some money and
as long as you scare the crap out of me
that's right cuz I can legs up right a
key whoever was coming in to not kick
both your feet were stuck it's not my
fault I'm a little bit chubby nothing to
do with that it was just too quick well
kind of you kind of predicted and and
thanks again for letting me stay with
you before I booked a hotel oh I thought
I was dropping on oh hey guys remember
last time booked all my hotels and I
obviously want you stay my huh I thought
I just saying that I was like stop
booking hotels but I couldn't I like
yeah basically it's freaking beautiful
in LA as always guys it's warm it's
beautiful it's bright one right now it's
so you wouldn't even believe Ohio right
now just wait wait till you come visit
dude I want to see it wait till you
can't like the new guy doing it it's not
snowing yet but it's close it frosted
last night so you can scrape your window
but when it really snows you got to come
out we'd be some la get the I never
shovel the driveway before me I'll
shovel your driveway
I just want to shovel it no we'll get
the bigger the big rafts out for like
inner tubing like oh yeah but I want to
do that I will do it behind the truck of
the four-wheeler
host it's almost tradition at this point
for Alex and I to eat at a place called
swingers this place is the bomb best
bacon in the world but you always know
you're here when there's still lipstick
on your coffee commas dude yes that's
why the place is called swingers maybe
that's just like the friends of the bug
no oh well it's better than my lips it
is but a new one would be the best are
they gonna spit my food if I complain No
so just ring off the other side I don't
know I could be suffering some type of
like serious issue right now I just had
a whole plate of syrup a cup of coffee
and I feel like I got all the lot I can
even take a bite of my sandwich okay
like you can fly right now dude maybe
was the lipstick I don't know that
really sucks right there you're towing a
car and in the end that alarm is on can
anybody guess before I tell you or show
you what I have to do right now can
anybody guess does it have to do with
drinking coffee no oh no it's not it's
not pooping oh so we're going to the
next location and Alex tells me that
he's never slept with a fan you've never
slept on a fan I had oh like a no you
never slept with a bot dude a box fan no
I have not
I sleep with fans all the time I think
it's the greatest thing ever I have to
Britney knows about it you should put an
aquarium in your place early this
weekend but I need one put a nice
aquarium in your place feel like home
you want to toilet paper your dad's
house tonight we'll get him the nice
Jimmy I'm strong this is what I hate
about California it's 80 degrees outside
and they got all their winter stuff out
gloves hats a heated fan I've never even
heard of heavy for yeah that's cold it's
okay that fans ah okay
well we're not having much luck tonight
finding a UH finding a fan of sleep
won't work one more try
all right Alex thinks that the the next
one's gonna have them we'll see see
either way if if we can't find one you
can you can lady sign me and just make
like a blowy you try go that's it
okay it's just I fall asleep though you
can stop but you don't have to do it all
night yeah I think at this point is just
something fun to do since I traveled all
day try to it's like a searchin fine
there's a random bag that you know
someone ditches their bag yeah let's
look too good okay so when you ask do
you have a fan they look at me like I'm
the craziest person they've ever talked
to fans well apparently it's out of
season fans are C degrees bands are
season it's it's hot here though I
really missed my window apparently where
is he oh I wake you up every time I see
this dog he's like doubling thickness
look at that things got a little bust
like his own he's got a little bug did
any wiggle it don't look in my butt
each team wants to high-five you ready
have fun
my famiiy you got it you got it
we are at Alex's place looks like you
added to your collection of alcohol yeah
my collection of that's my depression
happy depression care nice this would be
the first time I I don't break into it I
usually makes yummy I usually have you
make something sorry I know he's not
drinking I haven't I taken a nice break
nice little breaking at breaky okay we
are uh Alex just showed me that this
vlog I had no idea and Noah's gonna be
so excited he's been wanting to do slow
motion apparently this vlog camera does
pretty cool slow motion so he just
filled up a water balloon and you need a
lot of light so I think this isn't very
sufficient but I'm thinking we can use
two that's true but if we want to pipe
busted against my face it's what on
things like if I stand and you throw it
at my face then we need something
brighter in an area we can't I mean how
much water is a it's not that bad so the
quality won't be perfect because of the
light you need a lot of light when you
go into slow motion but let's just do it
for fun before we end this one let's do
it so what are we gonna do throw it at
me or do you wanna just pop it what if I
stand in your shower and you throw it at
my face I could but it's probably dark
in there it might be um why don't you
just like hold it with your teeth here
okay and then I'll pop it okay I mean
it's not as fun and seeing me Hey okay I
could try dude you only have like a
second record I knew that then I
wouldn't make such a huge so much water
you two go everywhere I let's let's
let's just do something simple while we
just pop it right there it won't be as
cool or respond you have another balloon
right yes wait let's try this
not freaking bad for a vlog camera
that's like the best slow-mo I've seen
with just a handheld camera yeah but I'm
not happy I want you to hit me in the
face dude
boom it's the coolest room in any house
I've ever been dude you even got beer in
here you know it's funny my old box fan
is in here but it's just the box all
right I see tomorrow we do some
something fun with slow-motion I've
never it's adorable that was in his were
things I wanted to do just something in
slow motion so we had you something I
think you should just smash me in the
face of a water balloon you don't have
to ask me twice oh that's easy but it'll
look cool I want to do it put like heavy
metal music to it move at night my light
kit everything feel good lighting and
yes do it legit why I'm extra time
tomorrow night we should do something
fun with it maybe even like jump into a
bathtub collage Oh
Netflix and chill pervy all right guys
we love you tell me in the comments
right now what we can do slow motion for
tomorrow's vlog tell me right now in the
comments what can I listen I do in slow
motion tomorrow I want to hear it I'm
sure they'll call it with a million
great ideas so we love you guys so much
thanks for the love and support and
we'll see you tomorrow smile 1 1 2 3
Oh
