what's up my friends I hope your day is
unbelievable we got some sunshine upon
us my life is so weird like imagine if I
get pulled over then they say we need to
look in your trunk it's gonna be like
this sir why do you have a scar 308 in
the back oh man there's never a dull
moment how the heck are you guys man I
really feel good today there's a lot of
crap going on but I feel good
and that's worth a lot how are you guys
I'm realizing we have something so rare
we have a community between me and you
we have a massive community so why don't
we today I'm gonna hang out in the
Commons for a little bit
why don't today we top all of us let's
hang out if somebody posts a problem
guys help them out man leave them some
positive comments and anybody that's
gonna talk crap let's pretend they never
left the comment okay let's just let's
let's hang out all of us like we're all
watching the same videos like we're all
together so I don't know I'm kind of
rambling but I want to hear about you
guys I want to hear you guys watch me
every day so I'm gonna hang out in the
comments today
on and off I'm gonna be popping on and I
want to talk a little bit enough about
that
pulling up to my guys shooting range I
well this is why I have the gun in the
back of my car I'll show you so this is
a newer rifle that I've gotten and I've
wanted it for years uh you get you gun
you gun guys gonna know what I'm talking
about but for everybody else it doesn't
make any sense
what's up I'm just talking to myself you
are again yeah that's just what I do
what do you got over there
this red one yeah no you got me Thanks
you got me
yes thanks top speed 65 so really just
came here to get a case because it's
ridiculous I get pulled over and it's
just sitting like that I don't know what
they're gonna say decisions decisions
now this looks safer
all right warping up to my other buddies
place what's up this really makes me
want to get a pond at the house I
imagine if we had a pond dude the bike
ramps the stuff we could do get some koi
fish
look how big this guy is so I had to
stop every Tata message means like dude
you've got to get this for your tank so
I'm waiting to see what it is it better
be cool
these are like funky bread clownfish you
know like Nemo these are like look check
these out
look at the patterns Cletus look how
that is wicked the head is wicked
these ones are like almost all black
love it while I'm waiting on him he's so
busy I've showed you guys this place a
million times but it's the most
addictive hobby in the world because
there's so much
Todd grows all the coral right here in
his greenhouse it is a work of art
the coolest thing about plural I don't
know what I'm super drawn to the ocean
in general but you can cut it anywhere
and it starts a new piece it's
unbelievable so you can take any of
these corals any of them and just cut
the corner off and it becomes a new
coral and it starts growing so it's like
you can manufacture your own coral
beautiful this is one of the coolest
corals to me in the world let me see if
I get a shot of it
I'm pretty sure I can stare at this all
day
wait wait wait I thought it was like
something cool for my tank this is
awesome and what is this this is uh this
is like I'm out of buffer this is like
your life support system yeah without
this everything's gonna die oh and I
thought you had like this cool fish or
something all right I get it I there's a
fish in the bottom all right guys I'm
gonna warp home and see the fans with
their up too and we're gonna try to get
some real family time try to meet up
with my brother and his wife my mom and
dad and I just see how everybody's doing
I know we're all so busy lately and
Brittany and I are about to have to
travel again so we're gonna try to get
some family time today a little bit and
that's it
that's it is my little Cookie Monster
how come you always got a cookie hey did
you miss me did mommy miss me yeah hey
thanks for the thanks for the warm
greeting you guys you guys want to go
over and go swim in it grandma grandpa's
really
they've got piles this tall of candy at
Grandma and Grandpa's do you want to go
can I look now no what is it can I look
I can look now
that's a snake ah it's it's not alive
you said you are you are a prankster
yeah yesterday Britney comes in and
she's like is there something wrong with
the garage door just keeps going up and
down and it's like it's broke and I'm
hitting the button it goes down and then
ice closes the one he goes back up
something's wrong with it
and then Cain runs in he goes I did it
and he's holding the garage remote
opening it up you dude
for those of you that don't know this
room was built just for my fish tank
upstairs it's great it's like an
industrial setup it's like if you were
going to have a business and you put an
aquarium this is kind of what would be
behind the scenes and this is what we
just replaced so the whole aquarium is
on these little computers all over the
place these fobs go into the water then
basically tell the computers windose the
tank with the proper things so these are
very important I know it doesn't
probably concern 99.9% of my audience
but this is something I love fish tanks
really saltwater in general the corals
the fish I love the ocean yeah okay I
think we're ready you ready okay we're
gonna go over to my mom and dad get some
hangout time them I think we're good
yeah we grab my wallet please no you
know what I think I'll get my own wallet
did really didn't want to tell you guys
this yet but we got a new animal
look at this guy wasn't what's his name
her what's her name he or oh my gosh hey
do you want to take her on did she sleep
in your old room
okay guys we've warped over to my mom
and dad's that wasn't our cow by the way
we stopped and checked that cow out I'm
chasing Brittany on a scooter
hahaha
you like this this is awesome we're back
in my we're back in my dad's apple
orchard hundreds of apple trees and
we're just cruising around enjoying the
day
whoa it's like the greatest feeling
being with my family
goofing off I love it
you got a death grip on me boy just try
this crap put a car seat on the back oh
my gosh should be hilarious
apparently Ohio just passed a law where
you have to have a motorcycles license
just to drive scooter on the road which
is pretty lame but I don't know anything
about it I don't drive motorcycles cuz
I'll kill myself these are nice and slow
go fast that's all he wants to do go fat
I want to go fast like Talladega Nights
beater okay you got a go it's starting
to rain
Oh mommy on the loose let's go hey mama
what's your cooking let me show you
burger is burger man now hey let's check
out the moon check out the moon man it
looks awesome tonight
sorry guys kind of skip my mom and dad's
house we just hung out with no camera
oh come here check out the moon dude do
you want to take a ship up to the moon
and check it out yeah do you want to fly
up there and look at it no interest
whatsoever was a little beetle oh you
know oh he's taking the crash he's a
smart one dude we got our serious
prankster on our hands third time in
last three days did he he came
downstairs and told me not to look no I
looked he threw a rubber snake you
didn't tell him to do that no did you
tell him what he did the other day with
the garage yeah I did actually
maybe yeah I told him in this block
actually so that's the third time he's
like popped out and like scared me Cain
just hid behind the wall for like a
minute straight while she went to the
restroom and just scared her alright
guys I'm actually gonna in the vlog so
much to do tonight that
off-camera crap were things that I need
to get done stuff that you don't care
about at all
again let's hang out in the comments
today when you watch this vlog I'm gonna
be popping in and out just talking to
you guys and not just me talking you I
hope that we all talk together I hope
that if you post a problem other people
you know it's always good to find out
that other people have the same problem
it kind of relieves you a little bit so
if you have the same problem somebody
else talk to them I think it'd be cool
we have a huge community trying to help
each other man I'm telling you we we can
do it I absolutely love you guys and
wish the best for you today and tomorrow
we will see you tomorrow keep a big
smile on your face your beautiful smile
more
