hey guys we are walking out of this
hotel right now I hope you had a great
time buddy
great great great hey it's uncle Dale ha
so the lady that gave us the box fan
where are you going what's up guys
what's up guys
Stephanie you down here waiting for us
yeah yeah what is this oh thank you
she's the one that gave us the fan you
saved my life you have no idea bitch
okay
yeah would vaycay is over man let us
stay let us stay with you we could stay
with you me
we are out here here we go hello hmm we
got this old bus to ourselves man
everybody have a good time little
swimmers little fish canes I think he
got the best of him man gain we love you
next week Wow that's three weeks a lot
of birthdays we should have just stayed
for everyone's birthdays why don't we go
I don't know what we were thinking okay
Oh home
I'm like man there was no flies in this
building
hey we are moving knowing I got off the
wrong terminal so we have to go separate
hi how are you really what happened
yesterday man better I like that I like
that we are headed to American Airlines
the whole family had to flat on another
flight so we got off the wrong one no
biggie
it's good doggie sometimes we get to
skip alone and sometimes we don't
that's cool
a little drum I like that one
it's pretty cool did it like now we got
a very long day ahead of us no and I
don't think we get home to like almost
midnight tonight it's gonna be a very
long day
yeah and we got a stuff in Philly this
time not Charlotte
we just got his magnet pretty cool
magnet I love it here we go say goodbye
to the beautiful Dominican Republic it's
been awesome and what a good trip hot it
is the temperature blogs we actually
feel it it is hot well don't worry it's
about to be 40 degrees now I 6 B and C
so so what makes that happen the smoke
the fall the myth so here we are knowing
I have been waiting to get over the
states so that we can upload the vlog
and the Internet is just
very very capable so if you notice the
video went up very very late yesterday
this is why we're over the ocean the
Grendel's and
my dreams over
it's cold ya know we're in Philly
philadelphia cream cheese so we pretty
much skip that entire flight one of the
worst things about vlogging is traveling
through airports it's I don't know if
you guys like it at all but it's
probably my least favorite time to vlog
it's always crowded we're always in a
hurry so it's hard to pull out the
camera any other excuses aggravate Ono
is excited he's been wanting to fly at
night for a long time and that jacked my
sinuses up yours
oh you're good listen to my throat it
sound like a horse now we just said we
should have brought hoverboards how
awesome with that means cruise the last
two stragglers who would have guessed we
are dead rigging last boy come on you
have to recheck your bags when you fly
internationals when you land you have to
get your bags recheck them so you go on
your next flight pretty thing
go yeah I think knowing are actually
just the lyrics right now we're in goofy
mode goofy like you've been in the modes
where you just laugh about everything
slap-happy
like 9 o'clock at night
well yeah guess what time it is right
now how many can you do here we are
Columbus Ohio f28 you ready monkey let's
do it
I have a feeling we dude if you drop
that one more time it's not crack Joe I
got it twice today come on I know it's
getting late but you sure you don't want
to play in the little kid here you dude
how did we take a separate flight this
is crazy Brit just text us that she just
got home well she just landed they're
good they're gold they're on their way
we have to uh we have to go to gate 2f
the only gate that requires a shuttle
gate F
20 minutes oh boy let's go up here front
woo this is our shuttle
have you ever ridden in one of these
they do about 200 miles per hour you
gotta hold on tight that's why these
reps are here
don't wallow
for buddy last flight we made it we made
it
I just changed the 12:01 happy birthday
buddy I'm your first person that wish
you happy actually everyone on Twitter
has already been saying it's almost
Noah's birthday hahaha we're so tired
guys I love you kid
I'm gonna get you home
all right guys we're doing a lot of
jumping around in this ground we're home
boom
we made it still sleep Keynesian cereal
with no milk
that sounds is huh we made it home guys
thanks for coming home with us I got so
sick last night at the airport I was I
didn't even fly I ran straight off the
airplane no one can tell you straight to
the bathroom and I couldn't leave the
airport our stomach was so bad yeah I
need to shave I need it do my hair I'm
I'm like a survivalist happy birthday
buddy
it's official birthday why are you
getting sold on me stay young stay young
case you guys know whenever we travel we
get magnets you got a couple to add here
Dominican Republic and we stopped in
Philly so you got a Philly magnet I
don't know did we have a Philly magnet
can't remember yeah oh it's perfect I
don't think we did
boom this one's too heavy
what falls did you ever show them that
how I have this on for so long I just
don't everyone on yes I stopped mine on
do it so no it connects his uh
wristbands to the magnets from girl so I
take this off and put it under hopefully
this will hold it up yeah what's this
more you just put it on that which son
from Ohio
oh that was the State Fair oh nice
that's perfect so it snows official
eleventh birthday dude eleven he were
just this big here's the little peanut
oh man I love ya have a good trip he's
awesome thanks for coming on wee man
that was a bad one at home guys the vlog
doesn't skip so much it was so difficult
to vlog that stuff and then I got how
sick was I when we got off that plane
dude I felt so bad as kid is just
waiting outside the bathrooms for my
first
I was sitting on both I was sitting on
your giant suitcase it was like on my
suitcase like this is wait it was like
midnight was so late no it's like 11:30
yeah it was midnight when we were in the
car well we were just beat we were just
like bah this is the last thing I want
to be doing so go oh this is any good
100 you're done
oh the backs gone
Oh oh man you shredded that thing ah oh
my god there's a ball the lunchbox and
that's it mhm an idea hey what are you
doing it's hitting some balls okay you
go make me some food for breakfast
yep all right what's my options balls or
more balls or bread
it is Noah's birthday I really need to
end this video so that I can start
today's video I freakin love my kids man
hey you love me I love you too we love
you guys so much um thank you for
everything thanks for coming on the trip
with us it's so good to be home I still
want to know who made it to the end of
this vlog because I feel like the
airport folks are like I don't know it
maybe it's just me I love you guys hit
me a thumbs up if you if you're watching
right now I love you we will see you
tomorrow
smile more you are amazing you ready
let's do it let's do it
