oh he knows he knows he knows you're not
getting him that easy
oh no no he is a slick little donkey em
welcome to the vlog guys we were getting
started outside we ordered this
ridiculous outfit for EM bar we thought
we'd thought you'd like it
smart Brits got the carrots we got
something for ya just try and get in the
spirit
Christmas spirit you gotta get it you
gotta make it count but off the red oh
it looks so good
he's got carrots you kill me the coolest
donkey around I think you're also the
only donkey around but I'm gonna go get
the other stuff Cara you won't go see em
let's go see we got all this stuff - oh
and we got you - good stuff leg warmers
gonna be so comfortable I can wear these
and we can both wail hey Veronica you
better get that one we all know you're
the donkey whisperer she's the only one
that can get Empire to do anything and
carrots carrots do the trick - do we
need a red nose he needs a red nose the
red nose donkey dad out of that duh do
we need the same super flash that would
be so funny I got the same outfit coming
for you yeah yeah we got the same outfit
for you on the way you guys you see your
donkey oh geez the monster elf right
there yeah why did you take your coat
off he already took his coat off
grab your furry literally freezes like
47 degrees and these guys are like all
getting a pond I'm like no I don't think
you would 46 degrees the waters 46 yeah
it's cold
oh hi mister
guys everything we did the summer
incredible day no part of me if you guys
know I'm I'm I hate cold water that is
my weakness my kryptonite there is video
on my channel one of my most viewed
videos of all time is me not being the
only one to go under the ice the only
one that couldn't do it I can't do it
you should practice so this winter we
got to redeem it yes you do it as soon
as it's cold enough I'm not talking like
cold water I'm talking like you have to
get a chainsaw and cut a hole in the ice
and get in it I'll cut the hole okay you
guys get in you gotta get into I just
build things you're a superstar now I
love you dude don't be embarrassed you
look great
okay so we have this weird coin system
here at small more that the people that
work here get to just reach in and get
the closer eyes and their own look cuz
you can see something you just you can't
look you reach in this barrel and you
grab a coin whatever number is on that
coin that's the dollar figure they get
so if you pull this you get 20 bucks
there's one dollar there's five dollars
and these there's is their 50 - 50 s and
one 100 we're gonna let everybody pick a
coin then we're gonna buy country and
say hey everybody already grabbed a coin
reach in grab a coin however there's one
coin that says you've got to get in the
pond there's like there's a bad coin
like a penalty a penalty alright so
after everybody picks a coin we're gonna
replace the whole barrel with pawn junk
coins so basically no matter what
country will pull Pancho
he's the one that hinted to getting into
punts this is it's not on us yeah
I'll jump in he did today I'll get in
the old fashions and it's perfect if
they all say bomb today I have my mr.
electric in here today helping me get
some wires through the wall called my
people such a distraction oh hey I need
help with this and you don't want me to
do it so you have to hell with me here's
the deal all right this is a secret all
right you got it you guys all get to
pull a real coin right it's gonna be
just like we always do it but this time
when you guys all have a coin
keep your coin all right then I'm gonna
go get country and we're gonna switch
them coins out for a consequence coin
like a bad point this is a big joke on
country put the right ones in there
right ten bucks
all right what'd you get you can't look
what'd you get what'd you get hey
it's free fun bus we better still be
here
okay so here's trusting nobody nobody
nobody got the bad one nobody got the
bad one this is it do you know the drill
the only thing is this one we've added
one consequence chip so this is like the
odds of you getting are slim but if you
got it there's a consequence chip yeah
so there's one bad one the rest what you
get five bucks
who got fifty oh man okay so you can win
up to 50 bucks 50 bucks up - well
there's price cuts
oh yeah well you get Plus wants one
lucky number seven well there's two
fifties so you can have the other one no
one got this I mean they were pulling
when you came in I know a lot of people
you have the worst luck out of everybody
I know like by far the worst luck yo I
can't believe I picked this it was a lot
of chips in there there was a lot of
chips oh my gosh literally the only one
that was bad and you pulled it
and fifty you should get him to go you
should get him to go in the in the new
fort and the new cane for Oh who's gonna
get it who's so fast dude
cane you've got two intruders outside
the door you got two intruders outside
your house reindeer
they went they went flying all right on
this episode of canes cribs Laurie and
Kane build a new fort in the living room
so I have to take the tunnel oh jeez
it's a little tight
I think I can fit down there Kane all
right paint pet reindeer just took off
going in oh no problem
this is built for me I think he's like
the perfect size what's up dude what are
you doing here you need some or just
scare the cats did jad I think we could
fill this with blankets and have her
campout in here that's what you call a
bunker buster he looks like he's trying
to do that wiggle wiggle wiggle
get them to do it put it in front of
wiggle wiggle
go side to side make him wiggle wait oh
looks just kind of doing it huh look at
lo they get like they can't see that
light can't see me
well tucks already gave up and he's like
it's it's not radar can't eat it
guys also made snow gloves this is the
cool I'd even know you could do this I
had no idea you could make snow globes
check it out let me see
oh man let me get focused on it that is
so awesome cane I love it so much it's
amazing I love it
this one can put Santa's head upside
down in the snow
it's amazing to look at the ears look at
the ears
he's flatter than the floor
oh-ho any strikes you know that is funny
nitro his ears go so flat so get short
and sweet for you guys today we're not
come she's not getting in the water
today got dark fast I want to do it when
it's bright and it's colorful outside
and we can see him furries
I would feel like god she's gonna do it
no problem though a guy like me I just I
struggle with it and it's something I
want it I'm gonna redeem myself this
winter I want to cut a hole in the ice
and I want to get in it no wetsuit just
me in the water yeah I got to do it just
like I what do you mean no never have no
I will do it for sure keep challenging
me so it's short and sweet for you guys
today we'll see you tomorrow thank you
for being here thanks for hanging out
watching and sharing these videos as
always we love you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind snob
you
