hey hey guys what is going on good
morning beautiful we are I would imagine
that today's gonna be a nice laid-back
vlog I don't think we're doing much
anything but hanging out with kids the
family I think you're doing exactly what
you want to be doing just laying okay
guys so Noah and I have decided to what
are we doing piers Harrison we're gonna
go up on a giant parachute get pulled by
a bow should be pretty awesome you can
see them out there are you ready for
this yeah that's all I have is this
crazy a tripod strap my dad knows how to
make basically a GoPro strap so when we
go way up in the sky I'm gonna drop it
and lose it can be a saver lifesaver let
that's that would rope pops I made it
diamonds can't cut it no not really and
I'm gonna cross okay you ready let's do
it let's do it
dude that was awesome definitely do that
if you get the chance that's really
relaxing super high up so I want to show
you guys this game that I played since I
was a little kid with my brother it's
really fun if you ever go to the beach
you're never too old to play this game
it's a lot of fun
repair repair repair what you do is you
build a sand object it doesn't matter
what it is you can just have a little
bowl of Sam it can't get destroyed so
you build a fort around your sand ball
and you do whatever it takes as tide
comes up you watch oh you're gonna have
aren't you you got to keep rebuilding it
you can't let it destroy bottom line is
you lose every time because the tide
it's really fun to start when the tides
low and then as it comes up a waves just
keep me in bigger you lose no matter
what you see
the goal is just to see how long you can
make yours last and if you do it me and
my brother would do two separate ports
so you kind of have to like it's a
battle who can make theirs last longer
so fun
you can build a wall up here and protect
your main fort for a while
we need a name for this game Noah we
should name this and make it a real
Olympics oh you guys are taking in some
water
his cane is cane one of your blockers
waves versus wall that's what you would
call it WVW you got a big one oh it's
still good
oh my gosh you better start building Wow
give me a good trip there baby
oh yeah go faster no kids right now I
know you're having a good trip another
down there in the in the pool with
grandma grandpa it's snack time it's
like right between where you want to eat
but you just want snacks and we're on
vacation so we're gonna so this place
we're staying at has a whole nother pool
like a huge pool deep like a big pool
but it's all under construction so it's
not even open but look at this thing
look at the size of this ah anything
though eat it you bring it
they'll eat it huh oh my gosh you're so
bad what they got you know I get me my
favorite you're just thinking of the
kids in myself
what about we still need to I gotta
bring Noah down you guys know we collect
magnets every time we travel we have not
got one here yet so we got to do that
gasta okay you know what's super cool
about this place we have to go to the
doctor and get prescribed amoxicillin
it's what you get when you're sick or
you have a certain thickness you know
here they sell it on the shelves three
bucks you get a whole prescription of it
for three bucks no we have to pay like
$100 just to walk into a doctor's office
to get prescribed that in a day - three
bucks here so I bought a bunch of it
people can't overdo it on oh yeah you
can overdo it on chips and cheese - oh
boy oh boy that's awesome
I got snacks Noah lots of snacks are
those good boys
I think those were hit the party right
there can go anywhere without Britt and
Dale getting this actually it's turning
into more just for it
you've been really behaving yourself I
don't know what you're not this is my
enemy right here my biggest enemy Oh
three in your movie contract that they
had to have those every set for three
months I had a three-month supply of
these if I move on my movies that it was
a total joke I was like oh yeah I want
three months supplies to just as a joke
and they wrote it into the contract so I
actually had like a three-month supply
of these cheap
you got it wow they're having a wedding
up here wedding time it's a race to the
death who will cross the line last
miiverse you next you got to want it
well that long who took it
there was no God all right pains still
gone we'll see you later
we'll see you again only the Atwoods be
out here hopping in colored bags is what
we do
are you guys ready oh hey me you and
Dale we got you hey guys funny story we
were getting out of the boat
mozart's kind of moving that kind of
loses his footing and he starts going
backwards he cuts around and pull
on jump right into the water
oh yeah and when you come up
then I warn oh my god well let the
viewers decide who won that day girl
nope they'll replay it what do you think
about that deal ah my back ah you are
really fast in that you're really good
at it I think next time if I just
practice later my game will be out I'll
be on it I think if I filled my bag with
water I'd have been quicker died colder
I think I'm going to put a lot more time
in I think I have a better you got to
hear to practice
everyone did good though I can tell the
ones you really gave it their all and
I'm proud of my teammates he's so good
at this your unity kangaroo the kangaroo
he's got so many nicknames get set go
you're too fast this is our last day our
last night on this beautiful island
unbelievable
it went so quick but we've had such a
good time would it what is that this
squishy let me see
squishy sand whoa
what ah it's a beach ball
beach balls on the road so how you clean
them off France washing my kid just
making sure he's on is that
ideas for a new in here are you done
yeah
are you still fancy but you guys look
awesome and I have no nothing from my
hair
I didn't bring a razor I'm starting to
look like I've lived on this island for
a while Oh Ivan up on the islands with
you know I used to love me hey dude
no you ready no idea it's our last night
in paradise boy give me five had fun
with you you see your eye it's all red
Noah's birthday Sunday um but since this
is our last night in the island I think
we're gonna try to maybe get him a
birthday cake or something you want to
see if they'll sing happy birthday to
Noah and then your birthday is only in
seven days every single time any of us
use the elevator we race the other
person right now we're racing mommy you
better hurry come on it's a lot of steps
all right come on come on come on come
on come on come on huh
I think we beat her
I'd write here
Hey dinnertime
leave their outfits the pirate bars are
to you happy birthday to you happy
birthday dear lo happy birthday to you
happy birthday dude I know it's a little
early but it's the last night here so
enjoy it
Oh
what's all the commotion over here do I
gotta break it up I don't make me beat
you up no no we're fine we're just
hanging out playing what I said no
fighting Ultra whoop trap well you said
no fighting why do you fight me oh yeah
it's a fight fast and it's actually bed
time right now I can't their time
fighting leg oh god I hate bedtime he
fell off the ship
that means it's bedtime
well little family congratulations
you've destroyed the hotel room look at
this I think we destroyed it day one all
right
what was your favorite thing all week
hmm pretty much everything the whole
trip good well that's fine with me
person was awesome what was mommy's
favorite thing laying in the Sun basking
in the Sun like hot barbecue ribs on the
grill
okay guys I'm in in the vlog the hotel
right you guys noticed I had my fan the
hotel had the fan and if we broke it it
was a hundred dollars if we broke it so
good thing we didn't break that sucker
we are yeah guys I hope you've enjoyed
the the getaway vlogs to travel vlogs
that let us know in the comments where
should we where should that would family
go next maybe and then your future will
be traveling again and huh
Ireland okay all right all right maybe
we got some maybe we got some soldiers
out there we love you guys so much
shakes fall a lot of support towards
this these little nut cases when people
see you tomorrow we're traveling back
knowing I actually have to take a
separate plane they're taking a separate
plane so uh
yeah I'll see you again I will see you
back in Ohio
bye-bye oh yeah business thing cuz they
have a straight flight right yeah we
have connect we've connected Charlotte
for Philly I don't know where we're
going we love you guys I'm Internet
smile more you're beautiful
