hey hey my friends I am just as always
running behind come on baby come on baby
we are going on a crazy little trip
today I don't know what to expect we're
taking all the kids the whole family and
we're headed to we're like right on this
giant boat or something I'm gonna show
you lost the tooth he said whoa this is
us got the ticket
hey snake boy you got my snake wrapped
around here now you look awesome Wow
well this should be pretty cool
okay I'm not exactly sure what we're
doing here what are we doing you know
how to do it you took it out of my hand
okay we have all got lifejackets ready
to rock what are we doing we got a
little pirates you're in big trouble now
wait till the pirates hear about this
Hey look at me Dale
go get your sword I'll give this sunken
ship as a slide on it today the family
and I are boarding this crazy-looking
pirate ship dude there better be a plank
to jump off of that's all I got to say
I'm ready to get in that water
it's beautiful little water
I know
pirates checking the pirates we're about
to go in you ready
yeah ass get wet dude
was it nice little swim you have fun
buddy you were flown around like a
little bobber
does he like butter sure you like juice
he had a good time
that was it
I need the routine I feel brave hold
we are pulling up now to a big stingray
shark shark tank something I don't know
what it's called apparently we're gonna
get in with these these big sharks
stingrays or something
this guy is pushing the boat into the
dock with his boat awesome so apparently
there's like apparently there's a bunch
of nurse sharks and stingrays in these
tanks spaceship an alien so we just did
the stingrays they didn't really let us
vlog much but there's there's a nurse
sharks than your nurse sharks don't have
teeth I don't even believe that they eat
meat at all
so we're gonna go jump in and you ready
I'll tell you man these pirates get a
bad name on the movies don't things we
came up on their ship they got
sandwiches waiting for food and
watermelon fruit straights these aren't
your typical pirates
you have a good time that's pretty
awesome
I was pretty cool
alright guys we're doing one of those
warp things the kid the family are
waiting on me I had to just run back up
to set the vlog live you guys probably
noticed it went up about two hours late
yesterday the internet sucks but it's
going up so they're going up just taking
a little longer than I expected so as
soon as I set the flaw in live all of
the comments were like congrats on four
million subs Congrats um I'm like what
we're not even close to that we frickin
hit for three subs on this channel guys
that's impossible man thank you for
telling I find out everything through
you guys like you're watching so close
you're so loyal in this Thank You Man
all that aside my family and I are
having the time of our lives the kids my
mom and dad my brother everybody's
having such a good time it's always a
really dumb idea to bring my nice camera
in the water but but there's too many
awesome things going on there it's not a
underwater camera
show them how you hold your breath not
gonna show them you didn't even go under
mr. floaty pants report to the office I
can do it
oh it's swamp woman oh my gosh it's a
whole different girl keep going yeah you
gotta you gotta shimmy shimmy shimmy
Coco Puffs just kidding let's get out of
this elevator Oh God you're still in the
shower oh my gosh they're in total
pirate mode okay so we've come back up
we're getting ready to go last night we
had Japanese Steakhouse tonight we're
having an Italian and this is an
all-inclusive resort so every thing we
eat is paid for we don't have to worry
about paying for anything is that cool
or what
mm-hmm oh you gotta find hair gel oh man
I gotta wear shoes tonight
dang it baby poop I don't know if you
guys have noticed but I did not bring
any hair product with me on this whole
trip so it's all right no you haven't
noticed that it looks like crap every
day that's good I guess
you know your clothes music and wine
bottles that's how you know you're at
the time every time look at this fancy
Atwoods this is a different side of us
no paper plates no plastic spoons yeah
you don't see the pics I want to show in
the vlog too we are kind of warping into
the night a little bit we had dinner
we've come back they went out to the
beach I got a head start editing this
vlog so I may actually get to bed at a
decent time tonight I want to show you
the pictures of today I don't think have
you guys seen them yet awesome there's
mommy
Lucy has a big freaking stingray oh hang
on it won't focus is the picture in
focus look at mommy holding up big
stingray it's that crazy looks scared I
look like I'm kind of pooping that's how
you look when you're pooping and there
is Noah and Kane was too scared to get
one yeah it did that is an awesome photo
holy cow it doesn't even look like a
stingray
it's so awesome
I think honestly I was taking the photo
to maybe be a thumbnail like I caught a
stingray on her and I wanted the face to
be like oh my god I caught a stingray so
I think I nailed it
so no I'm actually really proud of you
getting in that water did you undo put a
cover over it
it's like you have your dinner on your
shirt buddy okay so tomorrow is our very
last full day on the island anything
special you guys want to do on the very
last day
sunbae are you talking about no uh
anything special that you want to do on
our last day hang out swim chill relax
sir parasail I'm kind of hoping for a
day of nothing yeah literally a day of
just sitting on my butt in the ocean
just that like I would like a day not
coming back to this room all right any
last words before I in this little video
me love you me love me love you long
time
we
Wow guys as always thanks for all their
arm and support on these videos and
towards my family and I we love you we
will see you tomorrow don't forget how
awesome you are you're amazing
smile more I don't like skydiving in a
way our man here Carmelo is packing our
chutes basically how many how many how
many divers died a year how many
skeletons my I see out here
