everyone smile more
what's up my beautiful friends I am
where you're coming with me I gotta get
running over and then we gotta go
it's crazy I hope you guys are feeling
10 out of 10 11 out of 10 that I hope
you're feeling so good and perfect look
up hopefully the sun is shining down on
you I woke up this morning and Britney
came in the room I was still asleep
she's like hey Tam just one ticket my
friend just won tickets to take Caine up
and build a stuffed animal and meat flow
ride or something like it was all blurry
and I had her I don't rest I gave her a
float camera I was like we'll go no I
don't know so we're gonna go check on on
her because I have no idea what she said
I just handed her the camera so let's
see what she's doing hey guys so we just
came to Tuttle mall hey I'm one of
contest today
and called us and said hey do you guys
want to go to build-a-bear to meet
FlowRider
yeah why not
so we're here so we're taking you guys
with us okay do you get to build-a-bear
yeah are you excited say you did this
not long ago you need um hope buried a
friend huh yeah yeah are you gonna build
him a friend today sorry guys were in
the bathroom
we um really excited we're just waiting
on everyone to get here just talk to the
lady at build-a-bear and she said we're
one of four winners so it should be
pretty small so kind of nervous I don't
know why I'm nervous are you nervous a
little bit
are you nervous now are we just silly
yeah
perfect it's like magic you have a
little pet you like he's being very
patient waiting to be able to build a
spare there's the superhero bears
oh the skateboard are they here for you
this cops aren't here for you are you
sure were you being bad you have a home
fair like two weeks ago or something
right
so car roll had a great idea and
squirrels to put in the Kanes bear all
these camels are under foot in our honey
all right good I left some room in his
tummy so we can fit put all your spare
molten iron all right at least they're
soft wishy
there's one more nice I'll walk it out
look great good job cuz I just did
are they nice and clean they're cracking
up over the spider-man today which I'm
not a fan highly of yourself you know
you have a heart right now but that was
fun did you have fun game yeah did you
like meeting those guys yeah I'm not
doing anything really exciting I gotta
get some work done some things that need
done before we're starting a very big
week this week today's the last day we
have to get things ready very big very
fun very visual week for you guys some
cool stuff coming up and I'm excited to
have fun stuff to do you know it's that
it definitely makes vlogging really fun
when you have cool things to show your
audience you guys so I'm really excited
about that
so yeah I'm getting a bunch of merch
were backordered on right now and trying
to get the store in order and you know
just doing my duties who would ever
thought that selling a couple t-shirts
would turn into needing a frickin
trailer on my truck get them Wow
we are not gonna be out of t-shirts for
a while guys crazy the whole I filled
the whole bed and the backseat still
didn't get it all those are mine - guys
warping home real fast to change and get
a different outlook at all this
everything's black in my whole wardrobe
changing real fast
hang on up I know I'm boss and stuff
anyways getting ready my boys started
school I'm gonna go meet his teachers
trying to vlog that but I'm gonna meet
up with Brittany and Kane as well and
sorry I'm right guys like a chicken with
my head cut off sometimes swear I'm just
like pacing and racing and holding this
camp sun's out roads are dry running
late perfect time to get her out
so what is your favorite car of all time
I will honestly say I've never seen
myself with a GTR obviously but now that
I have one I can't ever see myself with
anything else that's the honest truth
it's been one of the funnest cars I've
ever driven you guys know we've we've
done the Ferraris the Lambos everything
for our videos and nothing has compared
to the fuel of this car that being said
what is your favorite car may be
visually maybe I will say it's not my
favorite look the GTR is not my favorite
looking car but it's definitely one of
my favorites to drive so far it's been
unbelievable I never thought I want feel
very blessed to be driving it well look
who it is that's good timing make you
don't know let me see oh no way
I won't look oh look you can fix it by
Captain America riding a bike - cool man
did you have fun today
do you guys have fun yeah we didn't
great that's so awesome
were whoa ok we just worked home we kind
of skipped the school stuff I'm gonna go
unload the truck I'm so far behind it
I'm going all on the truck my brother is
coming over I think and I want to do
this Instagram photo I've been trying to
do for like two weeks I feel like I'm so
hyper active today because I'm so like I
want to do so many things but I can't do
them what is that though I don't trust
it
come on come here come with me little
man you don't want to drive all right
yelping me ha ha
working that family biz it's gonna be so
nice not getting emails and texts
where's the merch where's the shirts
guys give us a couple days everything's
gonna be restocked everything I'm so
excited ok I must start settling down
take some brass if you like my heart's
gonna swoon nothing but water for me my
friends oh my god I can les I know it
spray everywhere
Mario I'll clean it hey best friend I'm
here have a hug love you oh how did I
know you were gonna try to strangle me
hmm say hi thanks and you're on it all
right guys I'm gonna finally do this
picture so I can shut up about it I've
probably been talking about it for I
don't know a couple of weeks not it's
not even that good I just really want to
do it when I get something in my head
like you guys will know when I get
something in my head I have to do it I
can't stop talking on it so even if it
takes me two weeks I actually really
wanted to do this before it got dark out
but now I got to use these light oh yeah
could be worse I guess it is
unbelievable outside guys I hope you got
something out of this day man look at
this look at that sky
all right I got my lights I got
everything all I need is this vlog
camera this little tripod in my car in
this ak-47 it's fake it's not real - uh
it's actually a really good airsoft gun
and that's what that is it's not a real
gun I've already taken a couple pics I
was using the V for Vendetta the mask
from the movie um but you can't really
tell you can't really tell I was using
it so I don't even know if you'll be
able to see I took three pictures go
look at the picture it's pretty freaking
epic that I got it just by myself out
here in my driveway with this camera
that's it
that's all I got in a couple lights in a
sweet tripod all right guys I got to hit
you with something real fast and I think
it's actually the last vlog that this
deal is going to be available I tell you
about this website over and over and I
think this will be the last time you get
this deal so if you're interested check
it out audible.com digital books I'm
telling you like I've told you my story
I hate reading I don't read I used to
make up all my book reports even back in
elementary school I hated it so this
website has created all your favorite
books digitally you can listen to them
you can be riding a bike you can be in
the shower you can be doing whatever you
do you can be driving your car and
listening to your favorite book it's
awesome it's something I actually
believe in it's fantastic 2015 it's
about time somebody made a digital book
hey guys if you hate reading like I do
listen to your book it's it's so much
better
I think today's this vlog actually is
the last deal that we're getting for you
guys so hit it up you get a free book in
a month's free just for using my code
audible.com /r omen you know my name
it's in the description check it out I
think you guys will actually like it
don't don't be skeptical it's it's the
real deal
that all being said I'm crushing these
photos I I want to shush it you guys
wanna let's see oh yeah all right here's
here's one that I took actually like a
lot no I should
sheriff you gotta go to now I'll show
you guys this is with my vlog camera
look how sick that is you can see the
stars what I just set the camera on a
timer ten-second timer hit it run over
grab the gun and pose I did only three
times so that's what I got right there I
got other ones but the real one will be
on my Instagram it's pretty nuts
actually I might use this one and last
but not least for those of you have
stuck around through this whole vlog I'm
delirious right now it's really late we
have a super awesome special guest
another specialist finally we're getting
back into our routine special guests
coming here Wednesday gonna be awesome
I'm very excited for this one and then
our Thursday we're doing like a RV trip
to a big show can't wait to take you
it's gonna be nuts and that's it for
today so comment today who's coming
who's coming to my house place is
friggin trashed we love you guys so much
man I hope you're smiling you better be
I know we're all struggling we all got a
lot of problems trust me I'm buried
knee-deep in them waist-deep them but
I'm smiling keep it going guys you can
do it I promise you and me team I love
you smile more rethink that Rick what is
that what you think it is
