hey hey hey hey hey I don't usually vlog
this early in the morning you know it's
grandma's birthday today right okay so
we gotta make sure it's extra special
shouldn't be hard to make today's
special look at this you right go
swimming yes yes yes yes no food you
guys wanna go straight to the beach what
are you looking forward to today what do
you want to do the most just swim swim
everywhere swimming Sam happy birthday
hey who's in my room who's in my house
who's that the breakfast man what's up
buddy oh that looks good
so many options
close your lips
oh look at the pretty princess is it
good alright guys we're getting our day
started it's really hard to explain to
the kids that you got to eat before we
hit the beach I know they're ready to
just hit the beach yeah this is pretty
much breath taking it's scalding what's
the temperature here today ninety at
these temperatures there's no doubt that
we will be laid up if we public cover
ourselves don't me to bury you so this
is it man today's my mom's birthday
couldn't be happier than to have her
here I don't even know where she's at
right now I think I think she's just
gonna disappear on this island somewhere
you guys having fun if you weren't
there'd be something seriously wrong
with you
I'd have to trade you guys in
this Beach is awesome no they are though
there's step I have to be very careful
with this camera because a lot of the
girls have no tops on it's like a legit
I'm trying to avoid it look how easy it
is man you guys didn't have to try what
kind of monkey is that spider monkey
change come here
wait a minute he's peeing on you come
monkey be
look at the dumb enough to think of my
friend you got one boy yeah I got it
good job thank you Peter
hey you've officially been peed on by a
little monkey
yeah giving them for $20 I was 20 bucks
to take that picture those guys don't
even have to try to make money like they
just walked by and everyone's like yeah
Britt jumped up like she saw a million
dollars you got a monkey right there
how sweet is that hello he is
what do you mean where's Noah where is
he I don't know I we came up I got a
upload of Lord not upload set it public
he's dead so the internet here is
incredibly painful guys as it as a daily
upload or try to be daily uploader and
youtuber you need the internet you need
to work good and we're in our location
where that's just not possible so it
took hundreds hundreds hundreds of
minutes I have to do it at night now hit
upload and then by morning it was done
which thank God what's going on over
here who Jane I thought we left Kate at
the beach no man he's so tricky so yeah
Britney's got my mom down at the spa for
her birthday present
they're just relaxing getting a nice
massage it sounds so good and now we're
up here goofing off the vlog is up you
guys destroyed the prank it looks like
we have to do just about every challenge
that I listed which Britney's gonna kill
you guys and what is Britney getting why
is bringing out to this guy that was my
I pranked her and now she s did my god I
will make her sweded do you want to go
to the beach yeah might as well the
girls were busy the boys should be to do
it
you get your own way that's for sure
you got your own style what oh no one's
got your skills what do you think that
you can beat me down there
all right ready set go try it won't it
refuses
come on little elevator come on Venus no
here we go
how was it it was awesome is that your
first massage ever I switched out I did
the fiction stunts really oh they wanted
us to get completely naked it going to
sign up together and then go in this
like I use Jacuzzi and then
looks terrible how did you get through
it
alright we're on the move that looks
like you could rain I don't know seems
like it rains here about once a day
always in the evening you know there's
some only been here one day so what do I
know
come on puppy my little puppy what's
that down there this is my squad right
here my squadron yeah we even got a food
blog forever we're praying at dinner
trying to find some dinner we're doing
the buffet tonight what the heck is this
ribs those are ribs look at the baby
hugging the mommy like nature
about to hug my barbecue ribs that's
what I'm about though this door is open
what the heck's all this noise
nice picker mm man one jar of uranium
that is that y'all party animals ice
cream and dessert at dinner my friends
my friends my friends we whooping into
the night you have a great day bye man
Oh feels good to lay down okay oh my
gosh how did I guess that you would be
involved in this conversation we're
winding down guys we had such a good day
my mom had probably the best birthday of
her life
always she made a sound hey hey tell
everybody you said hi tell him hi bye
guess what he probably on to that yeah
was I good do I look all right
shadow oh yeah oh yeah okay guys I had
to literally escape the hotel room for a
second uh sit in this vlog Brittany's
trying to get the kids well the one that
stands about this tall a little monster
cane hurricane he is I've seen a ton of
you guys wishing my mom happy birthday
in yesterday's vlog so thank you so much
for that it's awesome see you guys as
support in love the new prank obviously
you guys destroyed it and blew it up so
Brittany and I now have to do a lot of
challenges thanks to you I'm happy I'm
not sure I'm ready dude
you guys gotta help me Howie we gotta
get her into skydiving I'm not even
kidding like we have to do it we're
gonna do it I'm making her do it
tomorrow we actually start our
adventures last couple days have just
been here together as a family we're
gonna start doing other things one on
our own adventures and some really cool
stuff thank you guys for everything
there is no I could sit on here all day
and thank you for things I'm just gonna
sum it up and say thank you for
everything you're unbelievable
we will see you tomorrow my family loves
you I love you sleep great smile more
you're beautiful what happened in here
ain't know it come here what do you
think of this pool whoa
