here we go what's up my friends this is
our very first time using our new vlog
camera you like it I don't have the
furry on top I know I need to put the
windscreens on it but for now we're just
trying it out intestine it hopefully you
guys like it this 60 frames is weird
just like our old one King got out all
by himself
shut it oh one big step for mankind guys
you got to forgive us we got to eat
we're getting a late start again today
but and I forgot my belt no belt
so many problems
grabbing something real quickly like I
said we have to go what we left Clifford
the big rig truck in Columbus last night
because Britt couldn't drive so I drove
her home
get him trying to cover it I know he
blocks the spot so that you can't win
and then he wins it's so rigged it games
rigged and then he's proudly wins like
he earned it I know these are ridiculous
they're like dry rub
soap and barbecue it's unbelievable
keener you need that whole steak the
whole thing I want to see it to believe
it
mommy got the ribs we're all in heaven
here man I like this is the best this is
my steak that's mine
let it go where'd it go pain no more
that's sick can wait right there for me
while I get some
I think we missed our window I'm trying
to get to a costume shop they all closed
at 7:00 at 6:41 19 minutes baby I
wouldn't get no no not with cane in the
morphine was in the car I'd say we make
a run for it but we're just missed it we
missed it man I want to do this picture
so bad you guys are gonna love it you
know we need to do we need to do the
hoverboard giveaway really bad like
everybody's waiting yeah yeah should we
do that tonight the heck one cop to cop
three oh they're just pulling everybody
over on that I don't know no money money
money anyway I think that you guys have
been pretty patient it's been like what
four days four days that we launched the
Twitter contest so I think we should do
the hoverboard giveaway tonight let's
let's announce it today in today's vlog
winner winner chicken dinner
all right daddy's gonna drive Clifford
this week just straight unbuckles like
you don't toy he's like I'm going thanks
for coming with me you ready hello yeah
hope you guys are having an awesome day
mine's failing a little bit but I feel
good so everything's great
Kane's happy Britt's happy that makes me
happy and we both ran out of gas at the
same time gas light is on so is Britt's
ha you switching on us yeah come on man
hey what's wrong with you mom
yeah all right guys so since our plans
have kind of fallen through I think the
best thing that we should do is play
with play-doh that's what we should be
doing right now no I think we should do
the hoverboard giveaway and get this
done and over with because you guys have
been relentlessly destroying Twitter
like I can't believe that that hashtag
isn't trimming because you guys have
just I I mean I don't have a feed on
Twitter I can't check anything it's just
my favorite well thank you guys for that
look at this you make mommy yeah okay
not let's do this we got two lucky
winners for the hoverboard all right
guys so you know we do a lot of contests
and nobody can win twice and and every
time it's it's a struggle because we
know we're gonna disappoint I don't know
a couple hundred thousand people and
there's going to be two happy people and
so just asking in advance to show your
fellow soldiers some love these people
are obviously just like us and they love
us and we're all a team all right so
glue it is are you ready to announce
that fast like no hesitation note no
build-up nothing
I feel bad throughout come on I'm
talking it's been like five days again
all right who's our first winner yeah
the first time I first went a boy or
girl boy or girl and this is a boy a boy
you always pick boys we're just kidding
okay girl first
what now the boy has to wait Oh girl
first
okay mr. winner oh boy that she is lucky
Sarah grace Sarah grace you have won a
hoverboard any color you want
don't worry about reaching out to us we
are going to DM you right now because
every time we do contests with your like
20 fake accounts with your exact name so
we will contact you only alright Sarah
grace and the boy what if there's more
than one Sarah grace watching Oh
are you to stare Twitter name I guess if
I guess if I guess if oh I can put her
Twitter name on the screen okay okay
hi okay our last winner who is it Sarah
Sarah grace Juan and let me suck it out
of your brain James Robert Jane there's
definitely more than one James Roberts
watching so we were going to put both
Twitter accounts on the screen and you
are our winners and again we were gonna
contact you don't worry about connect
unless she's actually contact you right
now so by the time this was up you've
already been contacted okay that's the
hoverboard giveaway it's done it's over
guys thank you for everybody
participating and again this one was
really random this wasn't just about how
talented you are what kind of art you
can draw or this is just random pics man
these two were smothering and covering
us with tweets and it was just there is
just an obvious pic we will con we will
do everything you just you email them
and we contact her to walk we ask them
what color they want hyper MOT hyper
hyper mom hyper feels good to be done
with that guys giveaways are tough I
know they seem easy but I feel like I'm
letting down a lot of people but it's
alright now now James and Sarah they
can't win again so you could be next
we're gonna do a new giveaway very very
very very soon hey dude what are you
making it's okay if you get paint on you
hey do you want to take a bath you don't
want to take a bath are you sure okay
we'll see about that
what am i doing I'm not I'm about to
make Kayne the best bath he's ever had
Oh King doesn't want to take it back huh
I'm bet yeah I can get King on this
bathtub without physical abuse oh he's
gonna want to take it back we're keeping
him fill it
what are you oh you're filling the
bathtub yeah you wanna help me
here we go why don't you wanna help them
oh my god if it actually cake like four
boxes how is this going to make him
clean it's not gonna make em clean
since when we're taking baths about
getting clean over it one more ball here
you get one more yeah
are you excited no oh you're not he's
not going in let's get chump
you should scare daddy why pull these
hoes you smelling something smells like
chicken in the bathroom I knew you well
that didn't take long
I knew you would get in if anybody wants
to know how to get a kid in a bathtub
this is one way but now every time fill
it up balls
it looks so cool okay homie huh oh she's
going out is hilarious hey who does
stuff like this you just like daddy you
turn the Jets on alright guys we really
do love you so much and can't thank you
enough for hanging out with us we will
see you tomorrow tell us in the comments
today what's our next giveaway man hit
us hey we love you guys thanks for all
the shares although I don't even ask you
guys you just destroy his stuff so thank
you thank you thank you we will see you
tomorrow have some absolute crazy stuff
to show you tomorrow happening here
ah that's it that's all I got we love
you we'll see them all smile make it
dinner you're peeling potatoes in the
bathroom man
