Hey hey guys good morning good morning
how's the coffee everything's good mama
how you feeling don't worry
who is this who's this lady in our house
I don't know but I think she's here for
a reason do you think so what are you
doing in my house what's what's going on
here good we're interviewing at the
great Roman today for what what is all
this stuff
for an NBC show called caught on camera
airing this December well that's when my
episodes in December so you guys gotta
get used to the TV world everything's
like us like a broken turtle these guys
Tom and what was your name Jerry I'm Tom
and Jerry it's one of my favorite
cartoons of all time I still watch Tom
and Jerry I love it so what is this
little thing well this is this is the
camera I was about to ask you how you
turn it on actually you got to plug it
in yeah let's say let's get the power
cord which part just all of you just
just start plugging something cool for
NBC apparently and I guess we're gonna
jump in and just do our thing and try
not to make total fools of ourselves but
I'm pretty good at that why you so
nervous you act like this is the first
time strangers have been in your house
with cameras no flower cannon or nothing
during the interview it's gonna be a
lame interview you guys aren't gonna
flower cannon me right no flower can
that's why I didn't teach you how to use
it we know that would be a funny funny
episode right there if I shoot you mom
are learning how to use the flower
cannon you tried to teach me how to
shoot
yeah hey hey do you want to show them
how we do the hoverboard in the ball pit
yeah you do do you think they'll like it
we should make mom I'll do it then there
you fall it's just the ball pit my mom
Oh
one day while the TV crews here we
should show them this I think TV will
love it pretty much the coolest part
about a house for sure so these guys are
gonna film me vlogging right now which
is kind of interesting never done that
before
Cain and I are gonna build some hey hey
do you want to build Legos what are we
gonna build are you gonna plan them we
should fill the bathtub with Legos dude
then you can we could take a bath get
clean and build me no Kane will do
anything with me won't you
Kane would you live under a bridge with
me Kane's getting really used to all
this stuff actually he's getting really
comfortable so we just found mold in our
sky so now can we say where we got it
no we're not gonna call anybody out
today that looks good it's always one
seems like every time we buy vegetables
there's one with mold oh maybe that's
why you choice pick it when when I see
like old people in the stores they know
like they're in there like and I'm like
why they looking at that thing maybe
they know you smell them that's how you
do it you can smell the mold
you're most never
you fight bloggers by have fun okay you
guys gonna leave me here with these guys
gonna leave me here yeah
can you're gonna leave me here with them
oh you gotta go say bye okay have fun
I'll see it a little bit yeah meet me
when you're not I will see ya I don't
know okay guys we just wrapped up all
the TV stuff Britney and Cain are
actually back already
and that was pretty fun I think our
first episode will be in December I'll
keep you guys updated I don't know what
to expect you want to you want to try to
hit your ball so tiny little bit what is
this thing a lightning rod you do got a
really good arm on you boy okay is it
too hard I'll get ready almost I was so
close
yeah you didn't blink did you all right
watch the ball ready ready yeah dude two
in a row alright just coming in for some
chicken why did chickens chickens don't
do that though why do you both want to
do that
what's it what can I hurt is that jegi
turkey never gonna go don't they gobble
don't look okay guys so we're eating
some dinner here finishing up some
chicken
are you happy Cain's eating seafood
oh my gosh what do you what do you guys
want to do tonight we have a couple
options if I start up the big RC car
will you ride on it
well you've ride on it you really would
do you remember when Vern rode on it I
don't even know if this thing's charged
it takes gasoline but it also has a
battery for the servos for the steering
and it hasn't been driven for a few
weeks
oh all right she's totally dead you guys
think I'm actually gonna put my kid on
there
you need help yeah okay keep stacking on
Mommy's making this is cool very sturdy
I didn't wait is this really how you do
it
I can't remember that doesn't look right
do you want to practice you want to test
it will do a massive one okay we're
gonna test it me no I just tumbled it
didn't is that right all right we
totally did it wrong totally wrong I'm
never looking up YouTube videos on how
to stack them properly well making a
mess was the goal we know we did it
maybe maybe we maybe we do a time-lapse
just in case this thing Falls this is
where we're starting
yeah but check it out pretty awesome I
don't know how many this is I think it's
like two or three million dominoes okay
before we knock it down how long do you
think it's gonna take 23 seconds I'm
gonna go with 13 seconds you guys pick a
number in your head how long is it gonna
take to knock all these down okay ready
you got your numbers I'm going with 13
you're going with 2023 ready set go
boom
if you thought 31 seconds you're the
winner you were way closer
that was pretty freakin awesome that
came you get to clean it up job that's
not bad come on are you ready to do this
I know you've been waiting all day he's
been waiting since yesterday yeah super
frozen you can just put whatever you
want in it
well here's basically what's happened
Kane found this little thing called
slushy freeze these and then you can put
it in anything you want to make some
slushy so we're gonna see if it works
just gonna use raspberry lemonade freeze
these and then you can put it in
anything you want it makes a slushy so
we're gonna see if it works
just gonna use raspberry lemonade what
was I gonna make a slushy if this thing
turns into a friggin slushy my mind is
gonna be popped how can just something
cold turn that thing into a slushy so it
chemicals that come out of them bags
just shake it boy a little bit less a
slushy little maybe in shake long enough
there's a freaking slushy tub it's
frigging magic do you like it buddy
that's all that matters all right guys
like I have done every single day this
week I'm using my evenings to edit the
vlogs and you guys know the new prank
time is tickin baby we're almost there
and I'm so excited I I can't even hold
back I'm like going crazy
we had NBC here today who was crying
crying for me to show him the new prank
go tell him anything about it I didn't
say a single word I wouldn't even tell
him what it's about nobody knows this
sucker is a secret so that being said
sorry I'm actually burping while I
talking on if you notice that being said
we're almost there guys we're almost
there
I hope my soldiers are ready I'm putting
this at the end of the vlog because I
know only my true viewers are even
watching right now so thank you from the
bottom of my heart
Brittany and Kane just ran into the room
to pass out I'm editing and I just got
to thank you guys in advance because I
know in this prank drops you guys are
gonna destroy it so what should I do
what should the incentive be what's our
goal I've done like 200,000 likes and
you guys just destroy it so what should
the go be and what should I have to do
that's gonna be in tomorrow's vlog
what should the goal be and what should
I have to do if we hit that goal okay
let's think about it I love you guys too
thank you we will see you tomorrow I'm
getting excited I'm nervous too I love
you guys smile more good bro man you
can't drink that
oh that wait doesn't that have what sir
this is the good stuff
what's that stuff with the a he's a
nitwit
