what's up my friends we are getting an
incredibly late start to this vlog I
destroyed the whole house trying to
clean I don't know I'm not even gonna
show you right now if you watch
yesterday's well you know what I did in
there
you won't go see if uncle Dale's home
okay come on gotta give me five first we
can't go until you give me five
we can't go to you
Oh
this you got the tree catcher it's on a
rope and a bungee so that it stops you
before you get to the end I gotta check
this out can you want to do that yes you
do know me I might be too big that's
awesome dude ha ha I love it
so Dale's found a mystery in his yard
what do you think it is um it's digging
for treasure that's what we're doing
found Flint I'm guessing there's a
billion dollars in gold coins
hoping there's gold down there I got
this cane we got this
Gumby rich are you hoping I'm done
what's in here guys come on everybody
wants to know who buries one-inch steel
bar I mean I'm honest got to be in the
age of this metal it's been here a long
time
huama a lot of people don't know this
but I know my metals pretty well this
looks to be about two hundred thousand
years old that's all I really Donna
that's before blacksmith so maybe you
know ancient aliens or yeah oh yeah
pyramid aliens are actually a good guess
I would guess aliens I was out here
yesterday for an hour and a half like
digging this whole area out I think
we're really close I know you can like
feel it kind of loosely joking around
tonight on backyard treasure hunters
does Roman and Dale find the treasure if
we were shooting a TV show this is
exactly how it would end are you ready
we found it
it's Hollow next week on backyard
treasure hunters
cliffhangers that's why I start doing
the vlogs leaving cliffhangers did all
right guys what started out it's just a
joke is actually for real I think we
found something now is this something
listen hit it that's a frickin box hit
wood that's wood holy cow look at this
rock that was on top of it yeah
this huge rock on top if you buried
someone you put a giant rock on it keep
the dirt I'm Han
it's a weird shape whatever it is the
suspense is killing me
it's so deep why'd I come over here one
hour later we've doubled the size of our
hole getting real if you guys here's the
question of the day question for you if
you found a rare box and your backyard
digging what would you do I don't know
man
there's a clear shot of the box holy
crap listen that's hollow is crap or is
it full of gold and it's not hollow at
all okay we're calling it quits tonight
on treasure hunting dude I hope that
this is for real cause I've already
ordered the Ferrari like everything's on
order so there's no turning back
yeah thanks there's no turning back
we're in Jess I don't think you realize
what you have out there I have to show
you guys this Dale and Jess from scratch
built this cat Tower
how do you guys do stuff like this well
there's this guy on YouTube every time I
come over I feel like I've been under a
rock my whole lot I did walk a lot of it
but I changed it up it's now the crazy
thing is I built it in the garage super
high ceilings like dang I wish I could
make it bigger
why get it in and I stand it up and it
the carpet scrapes the ceiling didn't
even measure E roof no it just happens
to fit exactly that was supposed to be a
ultimate perch look over the Dickey
that's where he'd look over the room
it's unbelievably awesome dang you guys
sure you don't wanna go into business
right now on this vlog shaitaan a
full-time job
up into my day
the book
what yeah yeah wow what happened in here
mommy go on some kind of cleaning spree
I said what happened in here mommy's not
here okay dang I thought that was not my
bad this is this is crazy lady right
house then can't you got poop is that
what it's called is that inside or out
look things a monster
all right guys straight up I'm not gonna
lie or hide it I didn't film last night
daggone it man I gotta get out of this I
swear I'm in like this weird today's the
last day this is gonna happen no I'm not
gonna promise that but no I didn't vlog
last night we came home and that was it
and I just woke up today and started to
finish it you know what I'm you know
what I've gotten I figured out that I
can get lazy at night and just finish
the blogs in the morning which sucks for
you guys because it kind of takes away
from each day so each time I do this
the next day act to start the next day
so I don't have time la how can you be
so cute and so angry all at once are you
gonna help me
come on no mommy I need mommy's help
those those things that I normally
wouldn't put in the vlog I'm going to
run the whitening trays the strip's not
the trays can come in you're my body
come on you're a hyper kangaroo today
rat brush your teeth first I just did I
just washed him before I came out I did
I brushed my teeth okay so I've been
noticing that my teeth are a little
yellow on the gloss and we brush our
teeth all the time and yours are tomato
Chartwell water
well there are certain things that
stinky I used to be Donald yeah but you
don't like okay I don't I don't drink I
barely ever have ketchup that's not true
out of picture
coffee I don't drink coffee he's smoking
I don't smoke mug for cats cigarettes it
before pet five I'm up to partner no so
I don't know it's just some personal I
guess it's been irritating me they don't
look that good on film I mean my
facebook some look good either but at
least I can try to fix these so
Brittany's gonna try to strip these on
my face you wanna see my shoes always in
the bathroom etcetera and then mine was
buy it
I did the / I did this now I'm talking
about how mental was and I did for the
first time yesterday I put these in Ikea
show jack so in like 10 minutes my teeth
are just gonna be white completely white
I'll even leave them in for most an hour
I'm gonna get out of this kit guys
today's vlog is gonna be out we need to
really make sure to say tomorrow's vlogs
better we should tomorrow's belong is
better I know I don't want to either but
I do one day I'm sorry my mother if I'm
talking up okay guys so what notice I've
noticed a lot of you guys calling out
you need a new camera you need a camera
the camera uses like $650 it's a canon
g7x I hate it you guys know it's always
blurry always have problems I shouldn't
put these into after the law this is why
I don't do things like yes today I
seriously upgraded I got literally the
best camera I could find and it's Sony a
movie
cannon I button every camera you've ever
made and they're all they all go blurry
on this so this is what I got for you
guys this suckers a beast
I dropped a thousand bucks on this thing
right there that's the new cab that's
our new vlog camera yeah it comes today
- what is this thing it's a pop-up flash
this one has it - but we don't use it
should be pretty insane the cameras like
super super up they're like 4k
everything it's the love so it should be
good all right guys we're real we're
getting back on track I can't be doing
this half day half day thing full vlog
starting today um
was I gonna say what was I gonna say oh
I always try to upload about 3 p.m.
Eastern Time tell me in the comments
today what time is it for you if you
catch the blog right when it goes up
what time is it for you I want to try to
find that perfect time for everybody I
know it can work
we love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
thanks for everything
we're gonna do full vlog starting
tomorrow smile mwah
you're awesome
Oh
