hey hey my friends what's happening we
are just walking out about to have some
cool fun
it's October 1st Kain that means we are
going to the pumpkin patch what we gonna
get some cool pumpkins heck yeah don't
look too excited come on baby where are
they wait what are we go to the truck
right
mamma jamma sorry guys you know how it
is getting out of this house we're
looking for the keys for the truck
it took us forever to get ready so here
we are I knew it was your fault
I love that coat you look cool as always
I hope you guys are having a great day
for not let's start fresh right now no
matter what's going on in your life it's
gonna get better you're gonna get past
it I promise that to stay positive and
keep moving forward for over a year
probably last Halloween I've always
wanted to carve out a pumpkin
put it over my head light it on fire and
do a cool picture for us again like that
scary pumpkin ooh what is that guy
no he's headless I'm talking about
pumpkin on fire that's a head maybe
you're right I don't know but I want to
like reenact that I do it today today
we're here let's do it dude they have so
many pumpkins can look at this come here
it doesn't go down when the when the
trucks off you got to pick one wagon do
you want that one
alrights fine with me take whatever one
which one you want
pretty good that means we can go down
the slide dude we're just waiting on
mama call Mallis if she wanted to count
of course she did
hey mama I love that sweater I'm paying
you to wear these things ever have a
smile more sweatshirt she's always
trying to get new ones
that's a good looking pumpkin we can
wipe it off Jane they have baby ones
look they got white ones hey so what do
you think of this idea tell me if I'm
crazy I want to get one big enough to
carve out and put over my head and then
and then I put creepy eyes and I mouth
and then catch it on fire what do you
mean not my head the party Kim I'll be
like so I can come chase you your hair
might catch on fire if you set the
pumpkin on fire after you put it on your
head don't you think it's like wearing a
helmet I catch the top of a helmet on
fire you see anything cool buddy like
that like this looks pretty good right
this one that one oh yeah because it has
to be I mean it'll definitely fit on my
head you think that one's good for my
head can you taking our picture all
right let me see all that looks funny
with your hair oh yeah
most people buy pumpkins to decorate or
paint or carve I'm buying one to catch
on fire give it I'm buying this is fine
I'm going to put it on your heading
hatchet on fire that's the go game piece
yeah this place has all kinds of cool
stuff so were you gonna feed some goats
they know the sound of this thing oh my
gosh oh we got to get some of these at
the house oh my gosh they just made it
disappear okay how big he is
oh look at the little tiny one
that's all quarter gets you guys cainy
on petal here's the deal in two weeks
from now this place will be so packed
that you won't have any fun so we came
at the right time you can just walk
freely through all of this do whatever
you want you could pee in the grass what
are you doing rubber duckie race okay
see it all kinds of animals here these
ones these are a different species the
balls getting away with them
come on cowgirl a nice come on cowgirl
so it started out as just going to get
some pumpkins it's turned into a whole
adventure they got everything here cool
stuff animals and little things for the
kids pretty fun for them all malls -
uh-huh come on up here you did to go
down the slide there you go did you got
it this is cruising this is cool this is
like Dale's okay bye see you tonight he
just takes off on us gain you have to
stay little forever stay little forever
me will I love it I wonder if any any of
our viewers will see this depending on
the weather if it doesn't rain it might
last a little while
mm-hmm it's loud what up crazy go Oh way
you use mommy's hand towel so we got
maybe we're surviving here all right
let's go home well yeah that place was a
lot of fun we got tons of pumpkins we
had yes the animals did you like it
mama bottom a little go so do we pay for
that oh yeah we got some sweet pumpkins
I've never in my life Pop pumpkins like
this this thing is really big it's hard
to see on camera but pretty big pumpkins
I know chase your ball into the road
dude we haven't eaten at any restaurants
for over a week we've been trying to eat
really well and just try to feel a lot
better so this is a first restaurant
working on so we're still gonna try to
eat good try okay so guys here's where
you got to help me out because we're
trying to raw vlog more where we just
film our life and film our day and we
show you what we're doing
try it
it's a good question either I am but I
need your help these things like this
when we go and eat I don't feel like
you're interested in that at all you do
not want to see us eat and not want to
see what we're eating and we always zone
out in the food like by the time we eat
we're starving so it's like the last
thing on our mind is the blog so just
try to figure out you really want to see
us
I've always filmed us eating huh I think
it's I think it's kind of cool I mean
look how cool this is
picked his nose and so goodbye all at
once
but in all fairness these these are the
memories I want to remember when I watch
these videos later in life and Kane
watches these videos when he's my age I
want him to see this stuff looks like he
did he took the breath right out of the
guy's hand
very very funny can are you funny
is mommy funny is daddy phony
no is this funny man I think are our
days of nice warm weather are gone it's
like 60 degrees right now which isn't
that bad but it feels cold when you're
used to 80s waiting on mommy she going P
hey she going poop what did you guys
find oh my gosh you should get that
no you look ridiculous
this is the worst spot of the whole
store and they purposely put it right
when you walk in so you have to see all
this stuff oh you little Batman scare
pupster oh don't spill my little
crackers on a puppy what Co cute it is
we have a small list of things we had to
run to the store for before you know
carve a pumpkin catch it on fire put it
on my head it should be pretty
interesting oh my gosh you're totally
right actually now that you say it yeah
because he wears it cuz he doesn't have
a head dance awesome
I'm ready to do it who would ever
thought I'd be buying a baby yay to keep
plastic balls in the ball pit row
we've needed one forever I've been using
we use a boogie board we use my light
kit I don't know ki can you climb over
that cane that's pretty tall no actually
cane we're getting that to keep you out
of our room when's the last time you
used a home from your mom's house I got
a serious question how many of you still
have home phones in your house I can't
even remember the last time I eat or
even needed one all of these stores have
mastered a way for you to walk in and
get everything you don't need like we
just got a bunch of here
yeah no no they didn't have the stuff I
need to be put on the pumpkin that I
want to catch on fire they didn't have
it so we're gonna go somewhere else I
guess all right guys we're back home and
now the fun begins we're gonna try this
thing is huge yeah this thing is Matt
I'll pick this up
show him how big it is it's kind of hard
to tell on camera
my kid is finally at the age where he's
digging leggings I love it I'm so
excited in here so we can carve out the
bottom gonna corrupt the bottom so
that'll be the top okay all right it's
opposite normally you would carve out
the top you got perfect Kane do you want
what while we're doing this you want to
paint yours okay let's get some paint
you want me to do it sure well here's
what I'm thinking technically my head
has to go in it so we're gonna cut it
way wider than we normally would right
yeah I got this so I think we're safe
did like chop a big top off okay go for
it
all right you can try to slice it nice
it's on
but the I'll start minimal Oh
so you're cutting towards you but you
yell at me I have a bullet that's not oh
if we through the side of the yard we
don't have a pump we grow pumpkins next
year we could grow our own pumpkins you
want to try we totally could out there
so grandma wanted to do in that extras
garden yeah okay you help me lift it off
we're gonna put it in that bowl pumpkin
they're good people eat them you can dry
it out and cook them don't try it
what's this a dad look I could try that
looks way funner than cutting and
pulling all that stuff out this we could
not have got a more perfect pumpkin this
is where the face is gonna be and that
there little arch on the I love it I
love it check it out we just made a
pumpkin helmet I'm gonna give you all a
very serious piece of advice never ever
under any circumstance try to pop a zit
before you end of long if you're vlogger
just don't is now I have to yeah
do you like it mommy
you don't like my nose okay well I can
drop that down and cut when I start
cutting right everybody hates my mouth
my nose isn't big enough
well pumpkin man it's hard out there
being a pumpkin game people judge you by
your teeth your nose it's like real life
I have erased the face three times now
this isn't even the hard part even if I
get the car that the marker right and
the carving right I still have to get it
on fire on top of my head
we got it oh my gosh we're gonna have to
make some alterations I didn't told you
just in the back just right back here I
would make sure it comes off very looks
funny can you get it off easy
yeah like if you had to throw it off you
could yeah okay oh the face that face
okay all right I'm not gonna lie I'm
pretty happy with this I think that it
looks pretty creepy it's pretty pretty
gnarly so I'm gonna attempt and I don't
and I all means don't try this I've
never done it I'm gonna try to I got
some sterno basically it's a like a gel
that I'm gonna put all over this and
then attempt to light it the only thing
I'm worried about is the sterno burns
very clear not much color so it may you
may not get to see the flame I don't
know let's test it
this is sterno
yeah you can kind of see it a little bit
let's give it a little test Aroo a
little test Aroo here let's try it
now it's very very very clear dangit oh
that's sick oh my god
oh I can't wait to do this you guys know
I put a lot of effort in my Instagram
like I don't just post whatever I think
this one's gonna this one's gonna stand
up to my other photos like oh my god you
see that in the dark everybody you have
to go back me up right now I'm not
posting it until this vlog goes up you
got to go back net because everyone's
gonna say it's Photoshop everybody's
gonna say the fires Photoshop so back me
up guys I think we've got it all figured
out I have to hold my cellphone up in
there so that you can glow you like it I
think we did a good job and then I think
it's all just can't see it
oh my gosh and I'll have it everywhere
that's just right there do with the
cellphone light that on my head look
sick
omens down there giving this pumpkin
ready well are you ready yeah okay
picture time
oh my god this dam was starting to catch
fire yeah definitely
I know it's temple I thought it was
gonna the smoke detector would go off
okay let's try this again
holy moly come on come on it's okay we
load up it's just real light it's out
it's so creepy
okay guys what a freaking nightmare poor
Brit I'm sorry
the things I do try to tell them it's
insane like and you know that this is a
year old I want to do this last year for
October I get big go ahead I can't I
can't let him go so here's what we need
you go to the Instagram picture show a
love and tell everybody it's not
Photoshop cuz I guarantee that's gonna
be the number one thing as Photoshop you
see me walking around on fire we took
all the photos with this camera so we
couldn't vlog everything but I think
it's pretty good it is bedtime we tried
to vlog as much as possible today I hope
you enjoyed it for the 360 camera
winners you will get a direct message
from either I or Brittany from our main
accounts do not accept a message from
anybody else
it will only be from our direct accounts
last time we announce the winners
publicly on the vlogs a million views
they got so much hate and just crap and
I don't want to do that so winners you
will be direct messaged so if you don't
get one you didn't win if you do you
want if the winners of the 360 cams
reply to us saying it's okay to put them
in the vlogs I will of course add them
to the next vlog in the blog effort that
is it I love you guys so much thank you
for your love please go to my Instagram
and show those pictures in love we will
see you tomorrow so don't forget to
smile more you are awesome are you this
pretty cool I'm having a great time
