I have a food in the bowl this yeah
pretty cool yeah I'm having a great time
hey my friends um I'm not gonna lie
we're getting a really really late start
to today I mean it's nearly 7 p.m. ah
out of 700 vlogs you've probably never
seen down or that upset today I have
just not been able to snap out of this
mood I haven't just been on it today I
haven't been with it up and very out of
it and but I got my team here best team
in the whole world what's up baby
working together here which is weird
just got good news today and I really
did get good news they all all good
things um just stress just really
de-stress and uh I got you guys too so
let's start this I'm going to try to
vlog as much as possible from now until
bedtime we're going over to my mom and
dad's going to try to do something fun
and new there and just hang out so
thanks for watching today guys look at
these guys
look at these guys Oh about it you go
hang out with Grandma and Grandpa
huh yeah I wonder why you being so quiet
whoa brought these with you I brought
the vlog I brought the Roman soldiers
today ah how are you guys hey mama
Hey
oh yeah yup he's out there yeah they're
on me mmm good what is this
tomorrow oh my gosh my dad's famous
vegetable soup that's what that is
did your mom see that oh you made it I
made it look I had to call him and say
what spy stupid ha ha ha look at this
this looks so friggin good after no food
today made the applesauce I mean your
neighbor made the applesauce from our
apples but it's from your apples that's
awesome great you just made a grape
juice from your grapes
dang we're living off the land tonight
what beef from our cow well the apples
are from you good yes he's gonna bring
me back to life I'm gonna feel good
really good so I was telling my mom I
have a much energy today I've been a
little down and she's a here take these
mushrooms normally I would think that's
a red flag I'm it mom what are you doing
what you talking about dating my friend
there good that's good so what that gar
these you really do just take it yeah
it's like ground-up mushrooms it is it's
Coria sups mushrooms and that's what the
Chinese Olympic team the female team
took and it just gives you energy
without caffeine good for strengthening
strength and endurance I know she raised
you okay
all right well the pink elephant starts
running down that step so it's ground up
mushroom yeah Oh any particular mushroom
cordilla subs for deus ex you find these
in the woods yeah I was like these do
people grow they're just white buttons
but what there's nothing better on a
planet for your immune system than a
mushroom my mom loves much I love them
you're growing in your bag
our stuff really works as arrested in
1924 for selling anti-aging drugs so
this is it and your dad looks good for
audio all right so now that we took our
mushrooms I thought it would be kind of
fun to try something new with my mom and
dad canes in la-la land I enjoyed it
we thought we'd try something something
fun I just tweeted out ask my parents
questions can we get Q&A but it's to
them about me so let's get this started
all right guys first first first
questions are coming in uh they want to
know if I was ever suspended in high
school how many times I remember a
school bus you you smack the kid in the
back of the head it was like a friend I
don't know why I got fewer like you were
playing around but it was a bus driver
took it serious yeah I wasn't being mean
it's like uh yeah bus driver put down
there was only three days it's not even
a vacation the one our moment was going
on and I want to say he was a shop
teacher and he was hot as fire and I let
sue take most of the heat but I thought
you said you were gonna kill her and
that's what got you uh I want to uh I
was uh I was a Hellion little kid and
you were you pretty scary too my brother
always got good grades and I struggled
so bad in school well with you though I
think um you did some bribes
you actually did some blood to get your
grades up Tristan wants to know what's
the stupidest thing I ever did as a kid
won one of the dumbest things I did okay
so you took your truck and you were
driving around through people's feelings
and the sheriff's caught up with you and
when I when they called me to come get
you
there was we were tearing up all their
fields and you were the one kicked off
all right and I didn't do anything and
I'm like I would like Roman man just
cool out say you're sorry and you can
leave no that won't do anything but you
were so hot I had to drive off and leave
you in the back of that car the sheriff
are my dad showed up there's literally
eight sheriff's eight cop cars all
surrounding Mitro you think they caught
smoking man a lots changed yeah I'm a
different person
you took my truck from me after that I
didn't get my truck back
were you surprised really I was a while
only for two hours all right mom what
was my first word
it was kitty kitty yeah we had a cat
named thumper and thumper came before
you were born I was pregnant and I had
supper and then when you moved out of
the house it wasn't long after that
number passed away he was 21 he was 21
21 years old but that was your first
word and you loved that cat I did love
that cat Jaime wants to know when did
you know Roman had a passion for filming
you guys remember that well
her since you were very young you had to
burden 910 years old I don't know but
Dale came over and confiscated the big
huge box of all your little movies
that's my brother and I think he's been
like burning them down on the CD but
they go way back yeah you have like a
big crate of all that man we should
start putting those in the water these
are like when I was a little kid I used
to make movies and they're ridiculous
the dog oh yeah is um you and your
cousins got to find some of these movies
a graduation movie I'm not going to tell
you the the ending ha ha ha no you oh
yeah that's right Dejan his class I
don't know whether you can
showing a button I'll see why not all
right that was pretty fun I think that
we add a little flashback here not much
but tell me what you guys think of that
I think we could definitely be more of
those we mom and dad's thoughts I kind
of knew you were on your way when you
were when you turn that extra room in
the office into your little war room and
we're willing to give up $9 an hour job
to go YouTube all the way you got bucket
balance boy oh my gosh we we had these
lipids and swap really yeah we did this
I've never never even heard of this yeah
all the ropes up and walk yep you pull
the ropes up can you're getting so tall
put up Puma what up Puma hmm you got it
well that's part of learning jump jump
oh boy oh yeah be a good boy
by Cain wonderful to see we love you
guys I hope you feel better
bye beautiful bye wait for me game did
you suck I'm so sorry
oh so so I don't know how to snap out of
this I had to do something just getting
back home I would ask why there's a
chair in the bathroom but I think I
already know why you do you want to show
him cuz you filled my 360 waterproof
case with what you numbered out you
might need help getting a unscrew it
yeah yeah well it's from here I hope you
tip it up like this turn it now you can
do it look you go gee game you really
light up my life man oh and now you
gonna wash it up way to go Rex this kid
actually makes it hard to have a bad day
he is such a highlight in my life she is
too
I got a super super serious question for
you okay
I know you're in a serious mood right
now are you ready for this question
right now there's no interest right now
go watch watch Danny well Tom been
waiting for you to hit this edge hey you
wanna play in the ball pit yeah come on
let's go come come on you're coming too
you have to drag hurricane drag her by
her arms there you go you got her
I thought you would go deeper
Oh slam dang no mercy this is probably
one of our favorite rules little I'll
spend a lot of time in this room
hello really crazy idea let's see if
it's gonna work
who knows hey hey hey huh here take this
I get on the floor
the bowl Nadeau phallic hilarious
my god
hi my let's see it
hey let her try it well
is awesome here is somebody I hate it
too
I just had a ball back you just sucked
all these up go get
Oh char this game
we're trying to make the ceiling fan
spin there he goes there he goes we're
just laughing we can't make it spin that
was awesome
Britt are you still using your booster
seat hey I know he hides behind
everything you can't even see the kid
okay guys so we wanted to do the three
sigma uh what does that not even a week
ago maybe four five days ago we
announced three we did it now so we
similar doing a 360 giveaway cameras
three over cheese I'm fumbling here
Emel is just so bad I've seen
yesterday's vlog I showed you guys I bit
my lip we wanted to do the giveaway
tonight announce the winners tonight
we're going to do it tomorrow
cuz I honestly haven't picked my winner
um I get the flu guy so sneaky he blends
right in with the pile of mess guys what
I'd like to do is like I did in
yesterday's vlog I tried to just raw
vlog I kind of just filmed our day as
much as possible I try not to cut as
much I kind of just kept it running and
roll and what we're actually doing in
Britney's we have no we have no water I
mean so she has to use wet rags the
cleaner body I'm just kidding so let me
know in the comments city I should tell
me if you like the raw logs as I do I
think they're way better than the rope
hey mister squeaks come here come in
here
the squeaks not as bad in here doesn't
pierce my ears hey come here everybody
wants to see you wish I had just ten
percent of your energy five percent by
I'd be happy with five I will say that
from the time I started this blog to now
my attitude my I feel like I'm closer to
myself this little dude man he helps me
so much mentally okay so very very
ordering hey guess
whoa guess Wow
he doesn't want to guess all right no
candy tomorrow then okay guess what no I
guess guys thanks for hanging out with
us today I apologize for getting a super
laced or we even start this vlog till
about 7:00 p.m. tell me in the comments
if you like it raw or cut up like I
always do I personally like just rolling
the camera it feels more like a doctor
it feels more like a thang you're here
with us it also feels like something I
want to watch in the future like see
more of our day and what we actually
were doing so yeah thank you guys for
everything we will see you tomorrow will
also be the 360 camera giveaway tomorrow
the actual announcements for the winner
so stay tuned to that we love you so
much thanks for everything
roll or not in the comments love you
smile more
makes you turn to a horse this one makes
you turn into a giraffe oh you can be so
tall oh this one makes you turn into
snake King oh you could scare mama so
bad
