hello guys good morning Romans in the
shower I wanted to mess with him somehow
the flower can and I have no idea how to
work it
I saw the confetti poppers out in the
garage kind of set him up so he has to
walk out of the shower to this house oh
he's going to be wet see this works if
not I'm just going to shoot with it I
think we gotta do the big one I'm gonna
try and set the tripod up out here just
I don't want to be too loud this is kind
of payback for him making me fall off
the treadmill whoa
Oh oh it's so cold damn sexy Dumbo they
dye your skin it was weak that was
really weak I should know the towels you
would bring me a towel
oh you've got that hit me sore it left a
square you gotta clean it up hey tell
mommy it wasn't for outside Greece only
yeah that she's a mouth well I tried I
didn't think you'd actually shoot it I
don't think you'd even figured that out
all right what the heck is up guys
what I scare you well it's blurry huh
body you want to play let's do it we're
kind of getting this house back in order
you guys see look labels still on them I
did use them I did really well mommy's
in the kitchen den what you want to do
huh
okay I'll be in in one second so I love
tacos man big meaty juicy tacos on hard
shells tortillas soft shell you name it
what are we eating tacos and lettuce we
still gonna wrap the taco and lettuce
and poop so basically it's taco but it's
inside a lettuce leaf right that's the
shell that's the show right there oh
we're losing our minds is that's what's
really happening we're going on a
special trip and like two and a half
weeks so we're trying to look our best
and feel our vest and I haven't told you
guys that but - we're losing our minds
I'm gonna play this one okay I got to
hook it up remember it's all in the bags
you guys know a couple days ago we took
an entire half day off no cameras
nothing we ended up taking all the
systems over to my brother's house and
did a big game night
so everything still packed it up you
want me
or you got it did we win oh we lost I
won't get them this time
yes do it we're playing Super Smash Bros
eight players 14 already ready ready
okay we got one more round left should
do my hair today I just look ridiculous
for the vlog I like it now like I'd I am
coffee I need to eat how is it I feel
like we like living out in the woods and
we're on survival mode lovely mess and
something I got to make sure my hair is
done for the vlog like face has got to
look curvy everything's gotta be perfect
before I start recording no oh yeah okay
guys I'm sure most you are wondering
whether Britney is pregnant or not she
did take another test this morning and
it's negative it was negative which is
kind of surprising to both of us but
like I said we're not like trying to
have a baby we're not not trying like we
just feel like it's gonna happen when
it's supposed to happen sorry I bit my
lip it really hurts really bad I'm gonna
talk about things so yeah it's a no-go
on the pregnancy thing unless the tests
are bad and we'll just find out
surprisingly I don't I don't know what
else to say this is em to us a couple
times we're gonna keep going throughout
our daily life and I'm gonna keep you
guys updated when she is finally
pregnant it's gonna be awesome let's do
it alright let's go
are you gonna help me or help mommy oh
we are a king you Agrippa's door for me
alright guys kind of a little family
mission here Britney
clean out the truck it is filthy and I
myself
let me tell you a little story about it
at one point in my life cane and guys
this car was my absolute dream car this
was the car I could never have I never
thought I'd have it in my entire life
you believe that yeah you do believe
that I wanted this car forever like I
dreamed of this car my favorite car I
never really cared about possession
possession 'like this but i always
wanted this car it really needs driven
buddy you must try to help me and i
think i should give it away should we
give it to somebody yeah I think we
should maybe well how do we give it away
though I'm gonna give it away I'm not
going to sell it cuz I look I love this
car but I'm not gonna sell them I give
it to somebody that loves it I feel
really bad man this is my how can I let
my dream car sit for three months it's
been sitting here hasn't moved it
doesn't even start we're gonna bring her
back to life keen we got a brand new
battery I'll show you how to pop the
hood
come here pull it right here yeah there
you go
you popped it let's go see you're a big
helper getting all my tools for me
you're the man did I finally got these
off and they are nasty guys I don't know
anything about cars but I know that it's
not supposed to look like this and
everybody that knows things about cars
are laughing at me right now I think I'm
gonna try to find some type of like a
brush and kind of brush this stuff out
out with the old in with the new but we
got the new battery annual Siva starts
let's give it a shot hasn't been started
in like probably over three months so I
don't know what's expect hope sounds
good
turn
good job okay let it sit Oh perfect gas
lights on dollar stuff it drives what if
I what if I just give this thing away uh
my mom would probably shoot you
Brittany's mom really really wants this
car she's been I would if we give it to
your mom does he give away she is
literally like the last two years said
that's her copper she's borrowed it
before she's taking it well now it's
running back up on her feet can are you
to get in the dirt bike out for daddy
are you guys taking a ride really kick
down push it down real hard ready stand
up and kick oh you're so close do it oh
are you gonna ramp us you are a man
you're getting crazy
he just did his first Rebbe ever yeah
I'm so proud of you even though I was on
the back scared of dad you undo it again
why well I guess since the electricians
made a mess of our yard we might as well
get the best of it right
all right now I'm gonna chase you you
ready to have a race
one wheel versus dirtbike let's go
uh-huh that's right that's right girl
you got this I'll at least help you
how's that even though your goal was to
destroy me
okay guys we are kind of warping into
our night life here we're going to do
some orders kill the camera and get work
done tonight we have a lot to do but the
small more store is rolling even when
we're out of town there's like four or
five people working here now
so we're crushing it we're killing it
your order should be out if they're not
they will be going out the next couple
days so we're keeping up man we used to
have like a four to five week like
shipping weight now it's like only a few
days so we're doing good all right guys
I'm gonna leave you with this if Britney
was to be pregnant what would we have a
boy or a girl and what the heck would we
call it I have no idea it what would we
call it Omega pick me I have no idea
um I know girl yeah but like boy no idea
all right guys this could be fun you
guys have fun with this boy or girl what
should it be called we love ya we will
see you tomorrow smile
