what's up my friends over having an
awesome day we um well how do I say this
how do we explain this today we are
basically guys we are just under 600
daily vlogs in a row without missing a
vlog and today we've had to come on here
and kind of tell you that we just can't
vlog today we can't do it we're asking
for what are you doing we're going to
ask me for uh forgiveness a little bit
today because we're just not able to for
reasons that I can't even explain it's
just uh we can't we're doing stuff that
just requires no flying or filming so uh
my name is play basically instead of not
uploading anything we'd at least come on
here and fill you in that today's just a
hard day for us and we can't stop we
can't take the vlog out and do what we
want to do today so I mean almost 600
vlogs that's gonna happen once in a
while next week so we really prepared
we're traveling everywhere and you know
as much as I just wanted to be like
that's okay we're not going upload today
you want to at least come on and say hi
say hi we love you guys we've been we've
been doing a lot of cool stuff that's
coming up and preparing for so we'll be
bringing you on yeah
tomorrow we awesome it's always tomorrow
tomorrow is always off tomorrow is gonna
be superhero in touch
say tomorrow are awesome tomorrow will
be honest tomorrow's blog is gonna rock
yeah yeah so I really want to come on
here make excuses guys we just want to
say hi and ask for a little forgiveness
because I know you're expecting to bond
exciting motivated entertainment today
and we're not able to provide it so
we're sorry
see if I can grab cane real quick and
get him in here oh yeah bullied oh man
you playing with trucks eating cheese
it's watching cartoons but okay guys we
absolutely love you again
we'll be right back at tomorrow humming
I'm out keep it going and this is just a
quick we love you video so we will see
tomorrow stay motivated stay happy your
beautiful smile more Helle I'm gonna let
you go here we go oh it's work
you're flowing back holy crap two
