hey hey guys how the heck are you what
is that buddy oh it's a little GTR
though what's up buddy just sleep good
as you can see we are back home in Ohio
and Kane is alive and well step on that
so we're goofing off we're playing
around guys nothing nothing special I
got to show you guys this so you guys
know we dismissed some time in Toronto
with some friends and they really
inspired us to just feel better not
really like lose weight or like go on a
diet but like this is my breakfast okay
this is all I'm eating for breakfast
look at this and all of our apples are
grown over at my dad's orchard so
they're super fresh
that is awesome you could go around the
whole house oh I hope your day is
awesome I hope you guys are really
making your time worth it man like I
always say time doesn't give a crap
about you and the older you get I didn't
really realize that until I started
getting some age and I realized that
time really doesn't give a crap like
it's moving it's going so you got it you
got to make it count me and get up and
do something I wanted to come out here
and talk to you guys on a personal level
you're gonna notice that today's vlogs a
little different than most vlogs mainly
because it's shorter than most flogs
we've decided as a family today all of
us that there's not gonna be any cameras
today we're gonna turn them off no
computers we're gonna try to stay off
the phones we're gonna try to do a day
with just us this isn't gonna happen
often but today we thought that we're
gonna try it so I hope and I know that
most of you are on my side about this
and you're gonna give us a day to just
be a family without us we just like
honestly guys in the last two years I've
never felt this but today yesterday kind
of I just feel like we need this day so
we're gonna take a day for us I'm gonna
throw what little footage I just filmed
in the computer and we're gonna have a
day with no cameras
just be a be a family so so if you guys
are on my side today and you understand
that maybe we just need a day together
give us a thumbs up man show me I kind
of I don't know why I feel so bad about
this like I feel like I should be I
should be really happy and enjoy my day
but there's just something about me that
wants to produce so much content for you
so I'm just asking for today we will be
right back here tomorrow are you gonna
bring it all the way up here climb in
the mountain mmm you know what I did I
showed them all your cars and all your
trucks and your big semi-truck see you
guys can't really wanted me to show you
do you love me my best friend are you
ready to have a day with no cameras all
right guys I really want to leave you on
a high note today something something
positive and funny so let's see what
Brittany's doing see if maybe I can
maybe I can use her to lift you let's
see what mommy's even doing what is she
doing she working out
what so Britney is on the treadmill what
the heck can I do wash is on its friend
like I got nothing I'm trying to
everything I have is just mean like
flowers what if I pretend to catch a
snake and throw it at her these things
look pretty ridiculously real do you
need help let me see how do you want it
oh yeah that's cool you killing it
what nothing I should grab something
keep up the good work
oh my god that is a good way to end the
vlog right there I was gonna do it Nick
Kane was like I want to help so here a
nanny got mommy's attention I think he
did a great job too I didn't mean I did
I know you've seen that snake a million
times well not that one but that was a
new one real snake fake snake it doesn't
matter what kind of snake anybody comes
at me I'm freaked out like mama you if
we have to hide all of them downstairs
if she won't come in the house
alright guys like I said we're gonna go
no camera free today for the rest of the
day we love you so much thanks for
understanding me and supportive thanks
for helping us always pull pranks on
Brit canes turning into my little
accomplice he's turned into no I'm an
what we will do today since it's not a
long vlog we will be on snapchat all day
well I'll try to be we're gonna try to
be on snapchat today to make up for lost
camera time so we'll just pull that out
keep you guys updated that's it I love
you guys if you missed yesterday's vlog
go watch it there's a big contest in
there we will see you over on snapchat
if not we will see you tomorrow
we love you and thank you for everything
thumbs up smile on edge and that most of
you know what Niagara Falls are but some
of your
probably don't this side is America and
this side is Canada I've never been on
the Canadian side yeah don't walk into
the boss
