what's up my friends how are you hello
my god are you got a little bit of an
interesting morning we got an email as
you guys can imagine we get a pretty
overwhelming number of emails and we try
to get through most of them and some
stick out to us more than others this
one is well I'm just going to read it
for you real quick hopefully they don't
get upset there because it says I'll
make this short my co-workers
eight-year-old daughter was hit by a car
a couple weeks ago while riding her bike
suffering many injuries broken bones
cuts etc she is a tough kid but
recovering well she has a long recovery
ahead and returning to school this year
in a wheelchair you make her laugh she
watches your videos all the time and
checks your facebook for any updates
instead of sending a Facebook message we
replied and said hey we're in Ohio we're
in town we're gonna stop by and
personally meet this girl as a complete
surprise so she has no idea we're coming
and we're really really excited and
hopefully make this little girl's day I
hope lifts her a little bit so we're
bringing her a bunch of smile more stuff
but at 8 euros she's eight does she like
me flowers his flowers acceptable for an
eight year old any girl loves flowers
which flowers you're the little girl
expert outside
plant I mean if I was eight this is the
one I would want this junk candy
they're all awesome bird that much I
think these yeah yeah then she can take
care of it it'll last longer
these are gonna die in like a week or
two this well hopefully not die that
fast
you know what I've just realized I know
nothing about little girls at all I've
got two boys I've never even had to
think like I come in here I'm like oh
yeah this one but then I'm like oh it's
a girl we're gonna get a little bag for
her smile more goodies that's cool I
like that yeah what's up oh my god who
is that
what's up how are you doing
rolling next to me nice to meet you guys
Wow what's up oh my god hi oh so sweet
so sweet I was about to cry when they
came in I'm like no you're awesome give
me a hug that she was one of the
strongest little girls they ever see I
believe it wasn't what the car look like
you total it were the big expeditions oh
my gosh
the worst thing that could hit yes like
a semi truck oh man guys this is Bella
she's the toughest little girl on the
planet she crushed a full-size
expedition like Hulk and she's still
here rocking sitting up for us on the
vlog and uh this is not even real right
now
energy pumping through she's hyper whew
is that my um I just had my my um
favorite friends come over now I have my
how's that
Bella you are amazing you may I don't
know how much today we may I know it
seems like we made your day you really
really really made our day like I mean I
feel so good you just filled us with so
much more motivation there's so many
reasons that we do these videos and that
is definitely one of them let me wait
for you to take up I eat before I start
filming I always do we are grabbing a
quick bite to eat this looks
unbelievable and just feels so good
today guys I hope you're having an
awesome day we are I guess you just hang
out with us if you want meat that thing
no yet you guys cut your salad like cut
it that's the whole thing
I tell him the story about when I might
she actually got me into it I started
cut my salad but when I cut it flicked
and threw all the salad all over her
face so for we should rent bikes that
would be fun in my wedges and your
wedgies I'll give you a big wedgie
before we on a bike we are headed to my
buddy Carl's I haven't seen him for a
long time actually and he's always got
cool stuff so it should be interesting
all right so just got to my buddy Carl's
what's up buddy and of course he's got
he's got your favorite knife hold you
see that this guy always has the coolest
crap literally oh look at this who has
this in their living room this is like
my future living room this is our next
investment I mean right here this is
what I need so I can just spend time
yeah bottom more tile on the pinball
machine your computer that's on it I
think work so we're just goofing off
saying hi I think we're gonna run down
to it what's that place called 16-bit
16-bits like this cool shirt or opium
yeah it's like a gaming bar type of
place of arcade it's cool you guys have
ever seen this little guy if you've ever
seen this thing oh my geez yeah just
touch his nose oh he's scared
oh if you've ever seen this thing it's
called a squirrel if you've ever seen
one in the store it's everywhere and
I've seen him in airports you oh yeah
it's because of this guy you are
responsible for the squirrel yeah so I'm
a TV pitchman I give the TV to the store
and it has me doing the move yeah he
does all the things all because then
that's why that little toys out and
exists it's amazing
Wilfred wants to eat your face so hyped
up now he's so chill stir quick cheers
Cheers
boo boo boo what's going on in that
what's that
I got orange juice that looks ridiculous
the amazing yeah this so this place is
crazy all the games are free you just
walk up and play any game you want this
is pretty awesome this says everybody
must wash hands
think of where your joystick has been
let's go play some games yeah come on
bar one this is this is old-school like
games it uh Harlan I grew up right here
to be here I thought they lost normal
man where is it oh my god this is like
the hardest game ever oh no it's got a
little really yeah yeah
this is intense and tense situation over
here man
do they have all these awesome games and
it's all free you just want to play
Oh okay we're moving on we're moving out
you over yes yes sir let's do it
nice to meet you man that was you try to
go on my brother with it what the hell
with the gas they're super fun easy ah
Columbus has uber now which is great hey
man thanks for picking us up
thanks for picking us up are you in the
middle I haven't seen my buddy Luke
enlightened
there is nobody out here I haven't seen
my buddy Luke in like nine years I went
on tour with this guy in 2006 we did
like 40 states in 50 days 40 states and
50 days everything it was insane it was
a Warped Tour he owns this place someone
gonna say hi to him are you like you
know I saw you like it is gonna come
like go home Brittney you're drunk look
what's up what's up dude look at you
tossing some pies brother holy can I do
that you if you want can you try let me
see it do it again all right so you just
take it and you just give it get that
centripetal force button that's it
that's it that's easy you want to come
try yeah all right all right can I come
back here I come back here the pizza
joint what's up what's up wait you gonna
start it like that I'm gonna start you
from fresh okay all right all right
started fresh
I'm gonna cheat I'm gonna roll it out
for you I'm just gonna get it so I got
yours tosser
okay I guess did you put your hand
through it almost immediately here we go
all right
give the toss wait so here you got no no
okay gotcha gotcha bro you see you just
fell right yes get it just toss it in
the air oh that's a bad alright folks if
ruin Edward
well good thing was that Pete asked
hey does Louis oh there he goes well
just in case people are trying to rob us
we'll have him robbed em that looks good
yeah
I'll eat that oh we definitely don't
want anything go to waste
Danny's got a bar then you got it all
man what do you ever go home no all
right guys we are headed home that your
fun yeah it was a good night was a good
time we hooked up with some friends we
haven't seen for a while which was great
good times going to new places that
place was awesome with all the arcade
machines the boys was so amazing um and
we're heading home right now
got a little boogie I love you buddy
well well well look what I found guys
wax strip payback suck
do me
you got you love me
not very great mikheil gonna freak you
out
I didn't even actually unpeel it was
just fake and just stuck it like that
was kind of lame I guess I was kind of
lame but I wasn't actually waxed your
hair lame
yeah you believed it for a second look
obviously yours was better as you
actually repair out of my bag is this
supposed to still be sore by the way
like that's good look at that I don't
have that's just what it did to my leg
oh girl
alright guys I hope you enjoyed this
vlog um I want to give another special
shout-out to Bella girl get on your feet
I can't wait to see you again sometime
walking around running riding your bike
again I want to see it Fred I love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow it's
actually um current day it's a new day
actually so we look it smile more you're
absolutely beautiful we love you again
we love you smart remover yeah right
