hey hey what's up guys good morning good
morning we are waking up in our
watermelon room if you missed
yesterday's vlog we got to pee towels
and yet all these watermelon treats so
watermelon watermelon soda all over the
bed
alright you ready
oh god oh it's gonna scare you I didn't
even try a new flange alright guys so
welcome to Canada
we are here furious Pete's house how you
guys feeling this Canada technically
here's peace houses kick yeah it is well
when I said I was coming to Canada
everybody said good a furious Pete's so
I know that this is Canada this is
Canada yes have you made it I'm glad you
did
early had problems along the way but you
know we uh I I liked it whenever I have
guests in the vlog I like to highlight
some of the things that they do and they
accomplished and apparently these were
all just being stacked at his mother's
house we made him go get him just for
this vlog I was like hey so how many do
you have
there's 12 here so Pete holds a
ridiculous number of Guinness World
Records look at these dude I would be so
happy to even have one you have just
stacks of them they're fun the million
plaque for his YouTube channel billion
flock yes you guys over those basically
they've just moved in this is a new home
and I haven't haven't hung anything up
like our house it's been a year and a
half we haven't hung up anything so we
hung up one thing and I guess this is a
cool one so this is a 12-inch pizza I
did in 32 seconds so it's a yacht to eat
it with a knife and fork your hands
can't touch the peace anything touching
you just go for it they stop so I like
this one so one of the craziest things
about he holds all these awards these
are all eating awards right like he's a
champion eater I want to try to figure
out what other records I can get that
are either good well I mean you gotta do
what you're good at me exactly for sure
ironically the crazy thing on what's
most inspiring to me and I think a lot
of people is that you hold these records
for eating food
you're a big dude and back in high
school you suffered and wrecked it like
severely yeah yeah I was hospitalized
I almost life support and every day that
120 pounds really really skinny and that
obviously you know getting out of that
took a very long time but yeah it was a
lot of work but looking back it's I
don't makes you a lot stronger a much
stronger person so it's pretty hard to
believe this guy is Pete like that hair
though right the hair is I see you're in
the hospital there yeah this during
Christmas in the hospital tank yeah yeah
hi do you take US dollars come on
awesome just that yeah oh my Red Bull
cost me a dollar here because the US
dollars worth more well these are cool
my kids will like these and it's plastic
money it's made out of plastic you can
go swimming with it
that's Waterford everything's cheaper
here yeah cost me a dollar move up here
guys so well Brittany and I noticed last
night is when we got into Canada when
they tell you something's four dollars
that's four dollars Canadian but the US
dollars worth more so way more kind of
yeah so when we handed the guy four
dollars we handed in four u.s. dollars
in he kept it so he basically pocketed
money
oh this police did it right just walked
over to Pete's amazing workout facility
and you guys you guys know I'm all about
weight lift home yeah user you know that
I'm pretty much the king when it comes
to gem stuff so he wanted to come in
bring me in and let me go me teach em
what to do yeah actually that's that
about why don't you show me what to do
that could be funny okay what do you do
it this looks dangerous actually
okay this is called peeling the cat miss
miss did it like effortlessly did you
jump
there's no way come on are you doing it
for your feet over your head you can
kick just felt weird yeah but back when
my body does it's not supposed to go
that way yeah it's fun
okay I'll try to go with our legs oh
this is ready Bella Bella here
hey Rey say go wow this guy lucky fuck
get down now you just drop that yeah oh
my god it's rough though
let's get it super groovy yeah I'm going
for the damn house good job you're up
come on show him how it's done why you
being so modest get up bird there you go
yeah put your feet there good beat come
on you gotta grip it like a like a
squirrel
oh I've totally done my exercise for the
day that was and there's a lot of cardio
right that's I mean I was pretty passive
- yeah I mean my abs everything got full
core workout today yeah that's what
she's good at right there there you go
ok so these guys want to try the
hoverboards for the first time and I
can't think of a better place to try it
then a gym full of metal steel objects
but we've got stuff floors so it's
it's off that's our robbery it's kind of
a double-edged sword here yeah oh my
gosh you get that I don't think so
Go Go war it's fun so how much is this
ah - 240 450 pounds oh it's like
watching it it's like watching the
incredible all you want to take it from
me right yeah I'd be in the hospital if
I tried that
oh okay so now that we've done my thing
which is working out Pete wants to do
your thing too well it is but I'm gonna
let you have this one okay he does a lot
of eating so he wants to challenge me to
an eat off and this burrito place you
know you know burrito eat awful place
friedhof burrito burrito it's gonna be
fun
it looks so good so legit everything's
so these guys are crushing it back here
man good job good job
don't don't don't don't don't don't
don't don't
he has officially challenged me to a I
don't know this thing is it's hard to
tell on camera but it's a very giant
burrito octa um oh my gosh like a
Sinclair skin so he's probably gonna
lose um I have way more Guinness World
Records yeah I think you'll be just fine
dude to be funny he's gonna upload this
uh yeah so here we go let's do this
let's rock it out let me put it to you
like this he eats like something that
lives in the woods it's really big and
really hairy this is what I have left
this is maybe three bites are gone about
that he's he's already onto the nachos
yeah I don't want anyone eating booze
oh man I was awesome Pete will be
uploading that to his channel
you guys wanna check it out I'll be
totally embarrassing
after this Brian is driving by
tourniquet in the vlog see you guys we
just had a little meetup dude I will say
any time we filmed like even for the
movie we always avoided skatepark so
it's like a big demographic for my for
you guys I know we're stuff and I know
we ate a lot but there's always room for
the ice cream alright guys here's a
little game for you do you see the cat
leave it there once I get not turn
around he's so camouflage okay
came back came back Britney got all
dressed up for a big date tonight
with me and P got all dressed up for big
date with you just what I don't I just
made this really awkward really alright
we stopped back we uh got dressed I
didn't change at all
my son what is with my sucks today we're
gonna head into the city of Toronto
right I've never been pretty cool place
yeah it's gotta be that's why I live
here it's the whole place so we're gonna
go we're gonna go check out Toronto for
a little bit we are headed to where
exactly we're heading guys downtown
Toronto downtown
going on a delayed a delay a delayed a
delayed fucking Street downtown
there's the BMX thing whoa
do you don't would love to just go there
inhale don't be awesome I love bikes so
much so to be Brittany a nice first time
to Toronto excited I love these big big
crazy cities and apparently this has the
number two tallest building right and
the world might be know number three
number 300 is maybe that they used to
get in Holland goodness I think China
has a taller one but we know Dubai is
number one maybe you guys can help us
but either way it's probably in the top
five right I got so I kind of crack my
window I got the whole windshield
replaced and then literally three days
later I got another crack in it
driving to Cleveland sounds like my
iPhone yeah and then that crack didn't
spread for two years and now finally
it's spread all the way down ah took an
STD comes out later CN Tower
oh yeah baseball okay okay we're
learning we're learning so we've just
done one of the magical warps over to
Matt Santoro's what's up buddy you have
an absolute beautiful view thank you do
you want to show them the view oh yeah
listen I haven't even been out here yet
guys so wow this is this is my view I
call this gossip Gotham City oh that's
up that's only because this looks like
Gotham City right here so I'm basically
Bruce Wayne welcome oh that's the
there's no denying there's no denying
that Toronto is beautiful at night look
at this it's it's unbelievable
it sounds massive like yeah well I mean
we're like I got thank God I get neck
lead out there right now it's down oh
yeah we actually I mean there's someone
natural about being up here like I can
buy goody
oh no god it's weird I live here
scheduled place called hey hey listen
they're giving us a private tour of the
kitchen and ice very nice how are you -
thank you
oh there's a step here step okay we're
killing some barbecue ribs Matt
suggestion hearing I don't know how you
knew I loved barbecue ribs but I don't
know I just I don't worry about you just
tell them you watch the vlog don't lie
how much buzz and Pete just one rack
tonight the phonograph just won't back
oh they're delicious
how's your pasta ladies
oh boy yeah
hey I know exactly hey leave this
electric system for the monorail what
are these film streetcars see took all
your makeup off pretty much pretty much
so you didn't take it all off
yeah I did hey guys
we were working into the night enough
worse
stop warping around tomorrow we're doing
something crazy I'm not gonna tell them
it's crazy right arrey great you want to
do it yeah boy
hey you know I would trace you're gonna
do it you guys are amazing we love you
we will see you tomorrow don't forget
how awesome you are sorry my energy
level was
I am Chester she she she's gonna steal
me
okay guys you were awesome and you know
it I tell you all the time you're
beautiful
don't forget it we will see you tomorrow
as always another part another day it's
like another day like that
I gotta edit I love you we'll see you
tomorrow
smile more do it
actor snack shut the door
what are you doing whoa see in Canada
