hey hey guys what's up we are here we
have pulled off we're on our way to
Canada right now and we cannot find our
passports I'm not even kidding we are
digging you're in my camera bag it's
definitely not me you never touch that
beta did you run it by the door no boy
over here no way when did you put them
in there oh my gosh that's a terrible
spot form here
like a turbo him alright guys we were on
the road baby we haven't taken a road
trip for a long time let's let's tell me
to canoe trip we're headed up very north
of us Canada we're gonna pass right by
Niagara Falls through Buffalo New York
should be a lot of fun I know we're
stuck here in a car but we're gonna try
to make a fun just a road trip blog
Brittney and I get some time away
together it should be pretty good for us
Britney's been driving all day I'm gonna
take over we just ran in to get some
more snacks that stuff was amazing when
I was a kid let's see how much we can
put in our mouth well you better get
more than one pack then yeah well if
you're gonna do a challenge you better
get a bunch what is the best road trip
snacks for me one of them is beef jerky
like even just sit there Nala or you
drive I got to stretch my legs a little
bit maybe you gonna you gonna ride with
me oh my god I'm gonna wipe out holy cow
well this is way better than sitting in
a car this cool Britney's like let's go
shut the door
what are you doing alright it's my turn
to drive and we we've got a little
course changer what are we gonna do
okay so there's these two girls they're
twins they're like they want a 360
camera
yeah they enter every concert they treat
us every morning every night throughout
the day check you know they're like
hardcore fans and I remember sending the
360 can that we're gonna be like right
there on our way there so I checked and
it's literally blowing away there so
their address happens to be on our way
to Canada so we're going to we're about
three hours away right now
we're gonna drive if they're not home
it's gonna break their hearts I can't
even put in the vlog at home if they are
all no I have a feeling they're get cuz
when we were just in New York with Casey
they were freaking out because we were
even in New York so let's Surprise them
with their house let's yeah these are
memories
when it rains it pours RAC just went out
it's like it's like warming that's bad
news it's actually kind of cool out so
I'm not gonna try but it is just stop
after stop with my tiny little bladder
it's what you actually you had to go to
so I feel a little bit better we are
working our way up inside New York baby
we are headed we're about we're about
we're about a half hour from Buffalo
right now
we're walking over the highway how
freaked out what can be
I could freaking out so bad of this yeah
okay guys we're about five minutes away
from rolling up on these girls houses
this is so crazy for us too I just want
to show you when I say like super fan I
mean like most people that want you to
have a lot of people they following a
lot of people they care about I just
want to show you their Twitter feed is
only bus everything about us everything
we do it's just amazing we feel like we
kind of owe it to them to stop by and
they have no idea their parent whoever
they I don't know over a year this
supportive so we're right in there
literally not even gone out of our way
it just happens to be unbelievable not
look home at all all they're gonna be so
bummed okay
they're not home how long do we wait
like we have a mission to complete we
got to get the we got to get the Canada
I feel so bad we came all this way oh I
cannot believe that they are home it's I
mean it's 8:20 p.m. so they we're gonna
give it a little bit here's the thing I
don't know how much time we have to just
goof off here you gotta catch me oh oh
still hoverboard kiss ready all right
we're on our way back over if they're
not home this time I'm afraid we have to
go this really stinks oh man I hear a
little doggie that's it we've officially
been here for over an hour I don't know
what they were so late now
oh my gosh they're here we're in their
driveway are you tryin okay so after
about a two hour away they showed up how
are you girls you guys are the most
amazing are you speechless I know you
guys are speaking much right now but you
were truly like Brittany and I would not
have just stopped anyway like you guys
have like done above and beyond we can
ever expect you guys have done it so
thank you guys so much you're amazing
you're definitely soldiers they are so
dedicated you even put it on a little
that is awesome I'm this evening we were
at the hospital my 83 year old mother
had surgery a few days ago and she had a
complication and had to go back to the
emergency room and it was a very sad
evening for us and stressful and then we
came home to Roman Atwood and Brittany
in the driveway in that oh you guys are
wonderful
now they're really opening up guys it
worked out they came home we were almost
backing out of their driveway and they
pulled in like no joke we said we waited
two hours total we waited two hours
total and we said we'll give it ten more
minutes we waited twenty minutes and
then we were gonna back out right when
their car pulled up he was meant to be
they were in the hospital all night with
her grandmother couldn't been better
timing so Caitlin Colleen you two are
unbelievable I just can't express it
enough Thank You B for being so loyal to
us and we're glad we could come crash
you all right we are about two and a
half hours away from our final
destination it's already 10:00 10:30 no
coffee
but you need to coffee fuel the fire no
a lot of people love black coffee I
don't I have to what it's not even
coffee when I'm done with it
it's like milk and sugar I like coffee
with my sugar basically
we are just about to enter into Canada
and they look closed there is no there
is not a human in sight there's a car
leaving Champa won't find out soon
enough
well we straight up almost didn't get
into Canada
we couldn't find my passport no joke it
was in her purse all day and then we go
to get it and I'm gonna look he's like
get back in the car they were strict no
hyped up all right guys old-fashioned
work for you we are finally at our final
destination I think 90% of you knew as
soon as I said Canada they're like
furious feet scary feet Canadian Pete
Canadian welcome to Canadian Canadian
eyes that's what she said today
so this is Brits first time yeah yes
yeah and then your to Canadia yeah it's
really I came to Montreal few years ago
how far is that from here no depends on
who's driving depends on his journey
yeah so we're about to tear it out we're
gonna make some that's for me girls for
Roman yeah
so this is the first time that I've ever
had a bed that comes with watermelon and
watermelon suckers watermelon candies
watermelon soda are you thirsty
is this supposed to be me you start you
started just there yeah that's awesome
they'll never go in the bed so we got
the watermelon I'm pretty sure each room
is a different fruit or vegetable and we
have one no all right guys you're
warping into the night we went down hung
out for a little bit and we're gonna
start fresh tomorrow it's late it's 2:00
in the morning gotta wrap this vlog up
you gotta eat this watermelon
it looks pretty look looks pretty legit
just little little legit we uh we have
such a cool week lined up for you guys
and for us we're just gonna have a good
time and I hope you enjoyed today's vlog
we will see you tomorrow don't forget
how awesome you are we love you
it's maman well one thing super cool
about not flying we always fly on all
our trips but we decided to drive take
an eight-hour road trip the cool thing
is we can take everything we want flower
cannon
