hey hey what's up guys we are preparing
for a very fun day when I choke you a
little bit we're preparing for a really
fun day out woody this is adorable
little finger pack what is that come on
that's what you're gonna eat for lunch
oh my god I'd rather live off the land
we're packing all kinds of stuff we're
headed down south and we're trying to
we're head down Sam yeah we got to get
this dirt bike in the truck he already
left he left me I got nobody dirt bike
camping chairs bucket full of mystery
goodies helmets snacks vlog equipment
hey you ready for a big adventure we're
gonna have some fun man have one
we are gonna run in and see if they got
any little fishing poles maybe catch a
fish dude this is awesome it's like a
cat toy it's like something put a cat
toy on and play with us
I got spider-man laser I've never seen
guns in a hardware store ever this is
crazy it's like legit you go fishing huh
he's tall everyone needed to pee I mean
just you you're the only one we've been
out here we've been out here waiting
boys huh up in so today we're gonna go
spin some good quality time with my mom
and dad in the middle of nowhere we
brought a bunch of fun stuff fishing
poles look at this as a river right now
it's an awesome river right here good
fish right here if you wanted
should be a pretty fun day my friends yo
and the middle of nowhere
it is hot Suns what's up mama buddy Wow
always got this thing around and
everytime I walk in here I think there's
a bunch of food on my steps ooh homemade
sloppy joe and cheesy potato scallop now
wait a minute do you think that's a
coincidence
he just know I want food well I know
you're gonna need to eat oh okay I'm
ready yeah we're gonna eat now um we're
gonna eat and we're gonna have fun yeah
we are in the middle of nowhere guys I
love it so nice gets a little pike I
think I need a grown-up bike I think I
ride the kids bike more than they ride
it
whoa.good
caste you're ready to fish look at this
pretty butterfly came he's missing half
his wing come here look at this guy
oh he's gone he's got it leave that
there's just too cute daddy teaching
caters out of fish he's got it but he
can catch so good right now my dad and I
are we're gonna set up some targets slay
this hopefully dig a hole build our own
little
it's great it's perfect
hey hey you tell me welcome to the
jungle I know man this is actually if
you guys remember this is actually the
field we filmed the firecracker
challenge with the Dudesons up on top
here we filled the truck and blew it up
awesome
you know I don't know how this thing's
recorded or not but I need you to get it
I need you to get this on film this is
rhomin work and it takes us back to the
factory days it's time for a break here
only three inches into the ground
I'll deep I don't think we're gonna
knock it out keep going keep going a
little more a little more
oh yeah yeah we got all day you didn't
forget your tool belt though and I
regret not teaching you how to use one
of those what are we doing hiding a body
how deep you need it well this is the
thing I got a seven pound fish to stick
in three all right now modern people now
concrete poles like this this is a
coffee can you just put the Creed on and
then stick it in the hole I told you you
got cheap on that Hulk nah I think it's
gonna work not gonna lie looks pretty
good don't you gotta go get the BB guns
no longer cool well so I've never cited
in this gun so don't expect too much
Wow hi real high smoking yeah you're way
high okay hold on hold on stop huh that
yeah come on this gun allows it's got
two chambers so you can put two
different types of shotgun shells in it
you give up buckshot you can put
anything you want then it's got a switch
so you can go back and forth each time
you pump it it'll grab from the other
chamber huh so I think you're gonna like
it
huh right here let's just start with
that right from here pull it back there
you go
firm up or higher you got to lean into
it
oh don't hold it loosely up and put it
right into your shoulder
let's get a bridge don't be afraid to
lean into it firmly finest fine pad try
again no no I'm proud of you that thing
hits hard carry on it
okay okay Geronimo let's see what you
got
whoa
I think it's hitting now finally yeah
way too embarrassed to show you guys all
the misses that it's taking the site
this gun and it's ridiculous I'm ashamed
of myself one high one low and not on
the center so no that's not my target
that's the old one oh that's the new oh
wow
sorry son look at that that's
unbelievable
yeah okay this is what it took to hit
Wow
okay that's beautiful that's great whoo
man that one shook look at that post
okay you're on little girl you got this
whoo that's the end of my pole Oh there
is no more pole hahaha Wow how's that
powerful gun I can't believe I shot it
oh that's great well the shotgun kicks
way harder yeah the shotgun was terrible
who heard about how's them Smokey
Mountains
one one more for the road hey we've all
hit it first shot yeah don't let us down
I know
Oh what was that
I threw it up in the air yeah you might
have hit the top of the lid or something
Wow hi packing up gonna find dinner go
fishing
spin spun so far
I know it's dirty down here we just
warped over to the river queen guys come
here come here I want to show you
something I used to be called the skip
master that was the best skipping rocks
watch this nobody called me that by the
way you ready
I'll just are you ready you ready watch
Wow how about a big one it's like
throwing a football mm-hmm
so the obvious trick is to find a flat
rock thin right watch Kane watch you
want to hold it like this okay I'll get
you a different one and watch do it ah
you got one Oh
terrifying Gracie one more time okay
here we go are you gonna do just wrap
your hand on it tell me when to pull
we're in trouble
they're coming to get us
he's so concerned I
oh you're not gonna show all your fans
the secret of catching fish want me to
show them the secret this is a secret oh
I showed him yet okay here's night my
dad doesn't want to give the world to
see you know they already know this I
didn't know this this is the secret to
catching well you better catch a fish
some big fish right here sweet corn
well you just cracked open a can again
it puts it on a hook he's been catching
whoppers down he's been sending me
pictures of these fishies catching
they're huge and it's just off sweet
corn yeah it's a secret right here no
stinking worms no stinking liver just a
pile of sweet corn and blammo we're all
wait for it and our all rights going
down so how many of you have ever fished
with sweet corn because I have
personally never heard of it yeah have I
want to know and have you had the same
excessive me tonight or ever well you
only give me like I'm excited like give
me like 10 minutes for dark hair so give
it a whirl
we don't know where we're at that it
swing it let it swing wow pretty good
the kids kind of destroyed Kane's
fishing pole today so we'll fix it man
sweet corn is killing it
what I really need some real big lights
to put down yeah small fish haha oh man
it's gonna be a real disappointment
after all that sweet corn hype we had
something I told you not this year he
got from Oh baby
oh babe don't even show this in the book
turn that blog off uh sweet course hot
isn't that non it Wayne to a sweet corn
on there
hey gone it had me Marlon on are you
still trying regular homework oh sure
one more shot don't we go one shot not
right to the close watch I can turn it
up from here ready
I can turn it down ready
I do that we are headed back I feel so
bad my name is so excited to show you
guys catching fish on sweet corn he
always does it we just ran out of time I
made him look bad and I'm sorry it
really does work we are headed home I
got a car full ticket my brother's kids
home got Kane running
he has no facial reaction to that he's
invited me on the radio yeah I can't go
too
how do we do it
ready I'm gonna turn it down okay
actually I'm gonna change the station
ready
I can't believe you told him our secret
that was a family secret now you know
all right
unloaded packed up ready for bed kids
are already bad kids are already asleep
and dad we have to edit get ready
JEP fun day
how's your shoulder from shootin it's
gonna be a little sore tomorrow dude
that was like she was getting bopped you
can't go on you right you right
I am I had a freaking fantastic day man
any time that I just am with my family
I'm like the happiest yeah
keep thinking are you I'll never walk
like why want did dddd dddd all right
guys we can't thank you enough for
hanging out with us today we have a
question for you I know we talked about
the giveaways and how we should do it
and oh my god what if now this is crazy
but what if Brittany and I both each
give one of these away boom I know
that's an expensive gift that's uh these
are 750 bucks apiece really yeah from
the company that sent us these are 750
right I think there's cheaper ones
there's more expensive ones but we would
give away nice ones not the cheap ones
like the nice ones so tell me in the
comments today if this is what you want
because I think this is like the king of
gifts right here right now they're so
hot and popular tell me we love you guys
thanks so much thanks for always showing
your love we see you tomorrow smile more
baby oh my god
I got this back forward back food
