hey hey my friends how are you guys
what's going on here sorry about that I
hope you guys are feeling great and
you're having a great day if you're not
let's reset right now let's press that
reset button let's start fresh in
today's vlog you ready I need it I need
it I need it I need to do it with you
guys let me explain to you what I'm
going through right now and yesterday's
vlog I explained to you that the
electricians that came and ran new power
lines through my yard came in and
trenched up my yard that's not the
problem the problem is they cut my
internet line going to my house so I no
longer have internet for two more days
so if it's not bad enough not having
internet which is hard for me because my
career you guys know my life is on the
Internet's what I do for a living I need
the Internet so it's a real eye-opener
first of all second of all if that's not
bad enough I went to I went to call my
internet company see if they would come
out here and dropped my phone on the
floor right now just now this just
happened yeah so I don't know if this is
some type of sign for me like maybe I
should back off a little bit on the
internet stuff I don't know I don't get
it man but it's a lot of things going
wrong all at once when it rains it pours
so let's let's let's let's reset
together guys I know we all have
problems some are silly some are big so
let's do it let's start this vlog off
right so that will be instead guys I'm
going to head over to my brother's house
to upload the vlog and get this day
started
hang on I'm turning into it I'm turning
into the Roman out what you know for
those of you that live with a female is
this is this like how hard is it to shut
these when you're done look at this
alright gets crazy I don't get my door
open put your tank top on boy you guys
can see Kane's room slowly being took we
haven't been home much last few weeks
but in his room slowly turning into a
classroom getting things set up I just
gotta hang something
think ow I think handy uh we got to get
a handyman over here guys you know that
way you got it's pretty complicated no
no you got it just got over Dale's house
what's up bro you just let me come over
upload the vlog for you guys to thank
Dale it's lego world movie world you
have food you got an Internet you got
toys for him come on that's the rule you
guys know that so the kids are addicted
to the video games today we are gonna
come out and do a little bit of shooting
just the little guys some random Apple
there
I brought my smith and wesson nine milli
we haven't done any gun competitions for
a while
hey we should hang some of them targets
I got hang one up nice shot
Dale's one of the only guys that can
shoot nine different bottles of one
bullet as impressive and you blew my
Apple it got so pretty out guys it was
like it was pouring rain like one hour
ago now it's perfectly sunny typical
Ohio coming out stand fresh with my
handgun here hey oh my god you fixed it
that fast
yeah and went to the grocery store haha
Brit just got back with my phone that I
broke today she found um what was that
place just a train track screenshot it's
a good name they uh they literally fixed
my phone today I was freaking out
sometimes when you crack your phone it's
not that bad but this one was like glass
was falling out into your hand it was
bad
ya'll must show you an awesome trick you
ready see it you want to see it yeah I'm
gonna show you guys something crazy
watch it wait you're not recording dead
again was it no okay so we have a target
here it's blank I'm gonna come here I'm
gonna hang it up y'all helped to staple
it
like that should be good right are you
gonna put like a circle on it or
something oh you can't see the board at
all this little trick I picked up you
ready let's check it out
come here I want to show you hi
here hold there it's kind of hard to
tell wait it's kind of her to tell let
me trace out the dots ready right there
look get real close oh oh oh right these
are holes I'm I'm tracing the hole
that's all I'm doing
no I don't believe you
what do you mean see the holes right
boom smile more that's what I did I just
shot that without even looking you
didn't top the I like it well I shot 16
bullets and there's 70 holes ricochet oh
god um are you gonna write in your paper
you not want to take this girl off okay
yeah yeah just drop yeah then you went
for the mouth you did really well
I shot her here and then aiming for the
head and then back to the chest
well I think you got him girl give me
five after a long hard day at the gun
range you got to eat good what are you
making mac and cheese oh yeah real
homemade homemade a real butter like lot
up one handles a nail we're gonna fire
up the grill yeah grill me let me show
you
Omar I'm choice Mamma Mia was that
well it's good garlic Italian chicken
whoo Rina we're boiling the steaks in
case oh it's like day on Brittany's
death cheese yeah actually you know what
it's the white the white yeah you like
the okay so yeah but it started as that
no so does it don't lie to me I swear I
think we've all gained more weight from
that cheese than anything else I don't
think so it's nice diuretic ha ha now
that looks good it's a good game that
piece of steak oh yes every night we
come home there's a new big frog or is
he the same one
where is he going
alright guys we are back home had a
great time over at my brothers and the
kids and the family and oh they're back
they're back that color that's cool
backing up and our guests that you guys
must really like these guys cuz they're
back again it was like two months ago
Harry shipped us a bunch of razors and
hook you guys up with a good deal you
must have loved it because they said you
blew it up
they sent us more stuff they want to
give you guys the exact same deal this
is what they're hooking you up with
right here all of this for 10 bucks
it's normally 15 they're giving you five
dollars off if you use my coupon code
Roman my name ro a man teaches you how
to shave lessons shaving lessons in case
you've never shaved before how old were
you when you started shaving
donar four so Kay's gonna be shaving
soon if you get your genetics if you're
a manly man like me and you have to
shave all the time not a real it's great
company guys it's honestly it's cheaper
I mean how much you spent on other oh so
it's then it is thoughts like shaving
got really expensive these guys are
always free shipping this stuff comes
from Germany that the blades are German
made
where we live things from Germany are
like that's what you want like we're
always like if it's German made you pay
a lot for us these guys are like killing
it they're just they're just two dudes
that started a company I love it I'm all
about it
so check it out harrys.com i'll put in
the description make sure you use the
code roman a coupon code roman that's
how you get that five dollars off free
shipping is only ten bucks so you get
this whole kit I actually I remember the
first time I ever shaved ever how're you
I think I think it was 15 because I just
got my temporary driver's license and my
best friend of the time was Greg he took
me in his bathroom with his razor and he
put shaving cream all on my face and he
helped me
for the first time ever dad didn't help
you no I actually remember telling my
dad hash hey for the first I probably
don't even need to shave like I didn't
start grown facial I'm barely grow
Fisher now you're starting to pick up
oh yeah but but I'm on fifty yacht oh
shit all the time you guys know what's
really really crazy our clothes are
going straight out of our suitcases
because we just got them from Los
Angeles last night into the washer into
the dryer right back to the suitcases
because we believe in one day it's crazy
how fast we're moving in and out get a
lot done that were being very productive
with our time well that's fast
Brittany's making chili for tomorrow is
is it people coming over huh since
related you know what it looks like
right now looks like they're completely
naked wearing that seriously it does
people come indoors it just us oh if you
put out the chilly radar people are
gonna show up alright guys I'm gonna end
this vlog and edit it tonight
yesterday I edited in the morning and it
was terrible like I wasted half my day
so I'm gonna do it right now get it done
wake up early have some fun you guys
know we're only here in Ohio today and
tomorrow so we're kind of taking it easy
not too much excitement and just being
at home which I love to be so that's it
no internet I have to go to my brother's
tomorrow to even upload this and luckily
I can do that and that is it we had a we
had a funny debate earlier today and
that was food no it was we had a funnier
debate today we had a funny debate we
had a funny debate today and that was
whether you rather have water or
Internet so to dip on us right now
so today tell me in the comments water
or Internet which one would you rather
have in your house it's so crazy that
that's even a debate
love you guys keep a big smile on your
face you're freaking beautiful smile
mwah all right we just walked past all
the flying stuff we are now in Houston
Texas hot is fire here Texas I don't
know how you do it as soon as you step
out of that airplane it's like you
