are you playing with mommy and daddy hey
guys today I'm gonna start the blog a
little different than I think I've ever
started the blog before I want to share
a very fun story with you um I actually
need to find something else Oh mommy and
daddy wreck okay that's better okay guys
so I want to take you back for a fun
little story um I hope this inspires you
a little bit I've never really told this
or even showed this on a blog so this
would be the first time back in 2011 I
was working really hard on my youtube
channel getting nowhere um in fact for
my birthday my mom Ayanna sickness
I was working really hard on YouTube I I
told myself I was going to put a video
on my youtube channel every single
Tuesday I only had the weekend Saturday
and Sunday I also had a family with with
a young kid so to have just two days to
film edit and upload on Tuesday mornings
was super hard for me it was so
challenging but I never missed the
Tuesday in fact in fact I um well I want
to show you this this is something I've
actually never shown on the vlogs and I
want to explain this to you this is this
enou this is an award that my mother
gave me for my birthday it says
congratulations entertainment Eve meant
award to Roman Atwood
52 consecutive weeks so I uploaded a
video 52 weeks in a row without missing
a week and to me that was so hard to all
of us it was impossible here's where the
joke comes in this is why I'm telling
the story under 52 consecutive weeks my
mom also had printed how many views I
had total so after 52 weeks of uploading
videos on YouTube I had gained 1 million
views all my videos all of them combined
1 million views my mom accidentally had
it printed 1 billion views a billion
views she was so excited to give me this
gift and then she was so bummed to find
out it was misprinted that she wanted to
take the award back and have it redone I
said mom this is funny let's leave it
it's more of a joke we all laughed
because a billion views was absolutely
impossible it wasn't possible for me to
have or ever get a billion views in fact
after one year 52 weeks of uploading I
had 1 million combined views so the
whole family laughed I laughed we we had
it was an enormous joke the award became
just a really big joke that I held onto
as
it became just something that we laughed
about and the reason it's a joke now is
because today guys
we just hit 1 billion freaking views on
that channel um I'm speechless I don't
even know what to say I just throw so
much love and thanks to not just my
family for always supporting me but you
guys because these are numbers that just
didn't exist to me it was impossible I
would have looked you in the face and
laughed if you ever said that I was ever
gonna have a billion views on YouTube so
uh I want to use this little story to
motivate you guys and uh are you showing
um mommy's donkey award please use this
little story this little snippet is
something to laugh about and realize
that no matter how big your dream is
it's not big enough make it bigger
cuz you will get there holding up a
piece of dead coral a little
motivational speech for you guys today
use it baby use it I'm telling you you
can do it stop waiting around Caine hey
there you go ah don't be so hard what
are you doing little bit my nose is
turning red I think little a little oh
let's go see what the ladies are dealing
that's a great spot for your bike dude
wait do I go this side
I start from the behind night yeah is
this one order yeah whoa
they got a couple of extra goodies
that's awesome
I think I wanna I want to see whoever
got that order I want to better see a
family picture because that's amazing
you
I'm single-handedly turned into the
smile more delivery boy guys I'm just
going to deliver this real fast and then
Brittany and I are going to nounce the
winners for the Apple watches I know
it's been a week but forgive me
we're going to do it right now as soon
as I get home let's see if I can prank
her
they are back
I don't know if the post office is
necessarily the best place to be messing
around with it's all good what is this
bird doing the meanest thing the meanest
thing ever done pop-tart when did you
think it was a good idea to come out
with no icing on your pie isn't there
what makes a pop-tart is the icing look
at that icing this pop-tart
oh all right guys let's do this
it's been a very very painful choice if
you've seen the amount of time that
Brittany and I spent for comments and
looking at profiles to find these
winners oh my god I'm glad to be getting
sir wood let's just let's just announce
these winners and get it done
there's gonna be two really happy people
at the end of this video and there's
gonna be I don't know almost I think
there's over 200,000 total comments so
Matt Matthew you are the winner
um there's so many Matthew's watching
they're like I know but I'm gonna show
you your profile here you go it's Matt
should we show them is that gonna catch
a lot flat hang it up this is you dude
you are my winner and I don't know I see
you repping the camo
smile more oh all beat up and bruised I
like that I see you taking some
remarkable selfies and your smile or
shirt
awesome comment was amazing and your
profile obviously shows that you
actually do watch us and you don't just
post smile more pictures after our
contests yours was much before so thank
you dude Apple watch coming your way and
your accounts not private yeah yeah that
was really hard come we're reading yeah
private accounts are hard for the
contest so guys our last contests on
instagram we're not gonna do this
anymore I'm sorry but I know everyone
like
sooo Leslie Leslie you are second winner
Congrats girl
I mean she's how did you pick her she's
got she's made cookies her worst picture
her first picture 13 weeks ago with you
that's Monday no way I never had a man
crush
oh god you Pig lastly her very first
picture 13 weeks ago way before our
contest is a picture of me and she made
smile more cookies she's she's she's a
real watcher so I think we may enter I
think we made good I think we make good
decisions no hate guys give it give love
to your fellow viewers these uh scrape
we're gonna run another contest in a
couple days and you could be next
alright guys so there you have it
there's our winners no hate to any no
hate we're not as you contest if I see a
bunch of hey I think this is really fun
it's good Brittany and I have the
hardest jobs in the world trying to pick
winners there's honestly if you go
through the comments everybody deserves
to win it's so hard to pick guys so so
give us a give us a little break we love
you we'll get you next time no worries
start it in the blog so early but we got
things that we cannot film going on so
we see it tomorrow we absolutely love
you thanks for all the support and all
the likes we will see you tomorrow
mama you've never seen that I've never
seen a can do that my entire life if you
hit high gravity by the way that's 70
years good yeah I've never seen that
