hey guys welcome to a very uh hello vlog
this is a hello vlog this is a hope
you're doing good vlog hope you're
pushing through your problems blog hi
smiley hey why sure this is my favorite
shirt that looks like it's been bought
it's not a hole though don't put your
finger through what is that from I have
no idea it's bleached or burnt or
something it's a black hole it's black
hole well neither one of us smokes
there's obviously either way Cora Cora
so yesterday guys was a huge fit well I
don't know if it kind of was it it was a
fail knowing I spent how long did I
spend trying to get uh all day it wasn't
all day but no and I attempted to make
like a video game plot where we were
like we're playing fortnight coz he's
been hooked on fortnight and I always
play battlegrounds I was like all right
let's try this fortnight hang out so we
did that and I just could not figure it
out not the game core I couldn't figure
out the computer I just couldn't get to
record light or dark toast light or dark
if that's a question for today light or
dark toast guys so long story short we
did record here's a clip I didn't even
get anything good but like we finally
figured out how to record the gameplay
and I done this in the past and for some
reason I was using the Nvidia and then I
used OBS and I was confused and we
finally got a little OBS to work so
here's a quick clip of me and Noah
playing video games
not one no he's not it shows this is yo
he built that so fast yeah Christmas oh
I needed those I needed oh yeah you set
up a trap don't throw up the stairs oh
we were so busy dancing don't die on me
no trap I'll kill you is he jumping out
the roof dope
traps yeah this is crazy I don't even
know how to play this game they're
building like you know don't get crazy
on me it's crazy
oh whoa super low
good job we also had Liza spend the
night last night Liza cool good talk
flash spent the night with us he seems
excited about it hi doing buddy I know I
just creeps this way and just creeps his
way into the carpet every day he's going
to groomers this week yes yes she cried
at it yesterday
no no flashes yours don't hang low hope
you guys are having an awesome day we
are Oh skate action skate action up here
do your ears hang well your ears hang
low not that low maybe you're a hound
dog but a real dog for you right now
this is exactly our day this is what we
are doing right now nothing too crazy
this is this is a current day vlog so
the whole point yesterday no and I were
gonna do basically he we were both big
fans of battlegrounds and then he slowly
started playing for at night and I was
like what is all this hype about this
game so we're gonna do this whole like
battlegrounds verbs for at night video
yesterday and and took so long I worked
in a long time I really did the whole
goal of everything was just to kind of
compare the games and see why there's so
much hype on these games that's why
right right now if you like the games
guys let us know like obviously the kids
we know all right obviously we all love
video games so if you guys want video
game stuff maybe we can do more of that
or do some live streams or something
like that let us know in the comments
and who knows Ben want to do live stream
for a long you want a little bit of that
jump whole bridge jump old bridge yeah
oh got this you got this
imagine dropping in something like that
whoo smooth is he doing it I'm like I'm
filming oh you know I make it you really
have lots of speed there you go just
send it air Air Jordan Air Bud not quite
you can come look at the cat what's the
kitty cat doing it was
doing that thing with his mouth la hija
Mohawk mania we just get jeez fly-ash
sucks you are a weird dude she now he's
eating your hair craziest case see if
you can hold me up hey Korra's going
through the tunnel Cora caught this dog
anything anything I film he has to try
to like take over
he needs more camera time you know flash
is the kind of dog that I think could
run his own social media like the other
zone if you had his own Instagram he
posts the pictures like he's into that
and control these vlogs like if I go
over right now and give the cats bunch
of love he's gonna come over and just
like wrestle like hard nitro tell me a
baby come here nitro I'm here to start a
show okay is that what you want to hear
you're the star
you're the star core oh my baby yeah
here's one thing you don't compete with
animals and baby and babies I think
stoles number one I don't know that's a
pretty cute but babies just steal the
show look at her so cute flash back back
back back up the bus kids are awesome
they're just awesome so lovable so
innocent so ticklish
he was just attack so today she's been
sneaking jelly beans
I think the candy drawer needs to go up
higher we need we need this has always
been a problem though a candy drawer
needs to go up higher not at the kids
level boom busted gorgeous outside
beautiful God do my daily weather report
it's cold
it looks amazing but it's cold out the
pond has ice half ice half water whoa
the pool go away ice go away
what's up amp I hear you buddy it's like
Jurassic Park out here you hear our pet
dinosaur oh oh it's freezing out there I
did every night came to prove that I
come check on him while he sleeps
because I always say I come checking on
him he asked me to take a picture to
prove it he's like a detective so
without further ado there's my little
man sleeping and I turn your lights off
there he is
did you almost have just a solid stuffed
animal there so I know I've already
asked you guys a lot of questions today
I asked you if you liked your toast
burnt or not burn I asked if you want
videogames livestreams and now I'm
asking you as a daily vlogger we usually
have to come up with some type of
entertainment in between our life oh
yeah so I mean oh yeah get it get it
okay let me get back to my point as a
blogger you usually have to entertain
your audience right and then and then
the family stuff is natural it happens
naturally but with the entertaining part
you got to come up with something you
know it's what are we gonna do today
that's the entertaining level of the
vlog right and today we don't have that
we were gonna do the video game stuff
kind of fell through so here's what I'm
asking you what are you doing today what
is it that you're doing today imagine
you've got to entertain a whole bunch of
people do you do what you're actually
doing right now today do you watch TV do
you play video games do what are you
doing to entertain a whole bunch of
people today I want to know that or I
always I always enjoy doing the
entertaining stuff we always have a good
time but lately we've been especially
Britney and the kids they've been
watching like our very old vlogs in the
best part of those vlog is the family
stuff it's me showing the kids it's it's
watching them grow it's you know it's
the normal life stuff that makes these
so amazing for us so when I start
freaking out oh my gosh how am I gonna
entertain you guys how am I gonna keep
you guys excited to watch these videos I
fall back on what do we love seeing and
that is like stuff like this the simple
stuff the squealing Cora the messy house
the change is the growth of family kids
I guess it's just it's just a state of
mind it's like as you know you want I
want to be a creator I I don't
necessarily just want to film my day but
when I think about vlogs that's the best
thing for us to look back on when we're
watching the vlogs and I'm like out in
LA working on him it's not that fun for
me to watch I like watching this right
here two years from now and we're like
oh my god she was so little she was so
she couldn't even talk couldn't even
walk I guess what I'm really trying to
say is that this will be no longer my
blog Channel and it snows vlog Channel
so have fun fun fun entertaining
everybody keep them happy
keep them smiling it's your blog now
you're not ready for the pressure you're
not ready for the commitment every day
you wake up you're at zero by time you
go to go to bed you got to be at 100 and
no matter how good it is that one
when you wake up you're back at zero you
got to create to a hundred again every
single day I did it five hundred some
days but you know we just passed 1500
vlogs we just passed that I think
yesterday was our 1500th blog that's a
lot of logs you better go down at
Charlie being drawer girl yeah don't you
play cute you can't oh she's so cute we
did 1500 vlogs together yeah you could
do like two vlogs by yourself 1500
understand I guess you could start you
gotta start somewhere I'm like no Atwood
vlogs all I'm self I'm gonna be able to
play your game all day yeah aim you own
vlog today just you take the camera okay
we don't have an upload because you
don't want to vlog for out with vlogs
here you go actually she probably I'll
take it you're Cora you wanna vlog Cora
here lies that you want to vlog you just
take the camera okay there's no vlog
today cuz you all blog this can I'm just
chitchat with you guys man we really
this is current day we got it we
actually have to end this so that we can
start today's full blog which is gonna
be actually a really great time
what are you seeing so you guys told me
I posted this before you guys told me
that cats do this because they're
imitating like another bird or a
squirrel they're imitating something
other than a cat so if they're out in
the wild and they're hunting he sees
that reflection somewhere see that and I
guess the cat's natural instinct is to
not act like a cat well if he was a cat
and the birds would run they don't
always run from a squirrel you don't
know what these young piece of be the
baby kitty so guys that's our home right
now that is our home this is our house
and we are gonna start today's vlog and
just to continue uploading we're not uh
not taking the day off so upload up baby
hey where you going you got you can't
just cry about things in life you got it
you gotta continue there you go good job
now go get what you want don't cry about
it we love you guys and thanks for being
here thanks for being a part of our
lives for so long we've been just thank
you for everything we will see you
tomorrow where the street never dies it
never ends
oh we're going for how many days hundred
in a row that's our new we're going for
100 blocks that is so true but we're
going to a hundred a hundred fifty is
too easy we did 85 last time we got to
be 85
let's just be 85 today six this many
Plus Ones 86 vlogs will beat our old
record is that a deal guys is that a day
are we setting that right now in stone
we're gonna do it because they don't
have Drive to just not stop gonna beat
the record
alright we'll try it or we'll die at 10
boys I don't know we love you guys
seriously for everything
boring exciting I always say that you're
always here especially this part of the
bar so thank you questions in the
comments I don't know what I'm saying
what it's just control it's just control
oh wow we love you guys gotta go we're
gonna start today's vlog and we'll see
tomorrow you're beautiful
you are one of a kind smile more
you
