welcome to the vlog guys today is a
straight streak saver it is a streak
saving the reason I sent what he done
what do you mean that will always act
like they're starving that's a fish do
are you getting in there just turn the
lights on lights follow them lights you
Lisa welcome to the vlog guys we are I
said at the beginning this is a streak
saver meaning we just didn't film today
that is the God's honest truth we were
sober after vacation I don't wanna come
on here and make excuses for straight up
we just I didn't I didn't do it so we
are coming on here what he will eat
anything he is a garbage disposal
where's the Eli oh shoot your head are
you okay baby talk to me there's mr. eel
all right there he's barely oh yeah he
slight now hope you guys are having an
awesome day we came back from vacation
very buried in and just things that we
left behind when we leave for two weeks
we get buried with actual life
obligations so he came home a little bit
bare and I was like we're not gonna miss
the day we're not gonna miss a day and
today we did not film at all so we're
coming on here right now hang out for
just a bit and just keep the streak
going baby let's keep the streak going
we've done really well were it like
20-plus which is huge for us lately I
can you know how long you've Moo had
this desk I can never remember whose is
whose no no she'll be like the keys for
the trucker and Veronica's desk and I
come in here I have to open every single
desk cuz I don't know whose this is so
anyway and days like this you guys
always seem to enjoy when we tell you a
little bit about ourselves more than we
would normally do in a vlog usually we
show things in a vlog but today kind of
like a QA basically where you guys have
asked us questions in the past and we
try to answer them the best we can also
all these boxes around these tables and
pallets because all of our merch always
has to be off the ground everything has
to be on tables on shelves on pallets at
least a little just not always Todd's
not always we've had accidents we have a
thousand gallon fish tank here and then
another thousand gallons of water in
this room but basically you're always at
risk that water can leak
and bringing out and ruin a bunch of
merchandise so where's the light oh I
think I've showed you guys this before
but this entire room closet basically
it's not a big room but it's a lot of
stuff crammed into this room all of this
just to run that aquarium it is
unbelievable
this is the fish tank room pumps and
this is a skimmer that basically filters
out all that look at all the dirt fish
poo and then this guy I don't even know
what all this does really it's on
computers whoa you scared the crap out
of me I did not know you were in here
Chucky's dog Jaime fish tank dog can
monitor all of our aquariums from his
house on his computer all the water
levels the temperatures everything so if
something goes wrong he can adjust it
from home I think that sounds a little
scientific try to scare me boy you
trying to scare me did mommy run inside
tomorrow's a very fun normal family
crazy vlog that I've been working on for
a while actually before we even went on
vacation I was working on it so I'm
gonna pull that off tomorrow so it's
gonna be a big full fun day bump bump
bump bump honking hey you know you're
not allowed in there flash you gotta
protect your food dude you're not even
allowed to have that amp chill panels
out control yeah there's the light sprit
right inside and grab cores joining us
out here
core they're all looking at you look at
all no I won't look
I won't look there's first questions for
you Brett it's it's for you what do you
think are Romans strengths and weakness
getting right into it here what do you
think my strengths and weaknesses are
like what do you think I'm what was my
best my strengths and my weaknesses we
said first of all that's not even true
guilty I'll take you 100% guilty we all
we all know that the phone eats away at
too much of my life yeah I agree
maybe what's nice strength they're all
your arms oh yeah tell them tell them
baby tell them about mom I think your
strength is core you look so stinking
cute girl it's like when you when you
want to do something you do it you don't
say like oh I wish I like had my you
know dive license or something you're
just like I'm going to do it and get it
done right now okay I want this and you
like do everything you can to do it like
when you got the X so you're like I'm
getting x3 and you literally went and
got it that's my strength my ability to
just blow money I know I feel like I'm
putting you in a corner here it's I
remember when we want to cruise together
you wanted this watch it was $200 right
literally for the entire week you talked
about how you could make the money to
get that watch and you went home and
sold a piece of your camera
goodbye like remade the money it's like
like you just figure out ways to get
things that you want Wow I want that but
I'm like yeah that that's a great story
I forgot all about that and I'll get
that money she's now my blog camera
costs way more than that watch I stopped
the watch yeah somewhere this next
questions for me
Rowan what a Brit strengths weaknesses
I'm gonna start with your strengths
because I love it I love it about you
your strength is your is your patience
your patience you mean that's my
weakness know your page okay first of
all your patience with me and all my
crazy ideas
you're always patient with number two
this little one right here this little
one right here you're beyond patient I
don't know how you do it before in the
morning babies crying and Brits just so
patient calm I mean honestly you have so
many strengths so many you gave birth
with no medication in our bedroom on our
bed that is I couldn't do it 90% of us
watching right now couldn't do that
that's strong I'm giving you some
strength credit right there your
weakness if I had to pick one weakness
it's just hard
maybe pizza that yeah like a real true
weakness like a like a like a real
weakness guy that's hard to come up with
I really am trying I'm really trying I
cannot think of like too much I think
you do sit too much no it's like she
could walk into okay that's good that's
fair you can walk into a room she'll be
the first one to find something just
like a chair in the far corner she'll be
sit on it before you even get inside I
got since I met her literally she does
her makeup on the counter in the
bathroom like instead of standing like
that like normal people it's not a bad
thing it's not even a weakness it's just
how that's food you literally have done
that since I've known you
all right let's lighten up the question
a little bit here okay if you had a
chance to become immortal would you want
to live forever watch all your loved
ones die and become lonely or live your
life out with them and give up being
immortal forever forever so you'd be
like the kid master super old maybe like
busy I think I can handle this question
uh this is a long answer though why did
you decide to make a pond in your
backyard gosh where do I even start at
all it actually all started because we
had a pool company come here a friend of
a friend said hey we know the best pool
builders and they were gonna come they
quoted us on this pool and the pool is
like very nice like I'm not gonna lie
this was like like the nicest pool it
had like the waterfall and like the
jumping rocks it was gonna be beautiful
right but the quote was so high it was
like how much 150 thousand dollars
somewhere around there
$150,000 for a pool we were just like
there's no like nah like we're not even
no we don't need a pool that bad so we
so we sat on we thought about that was
like two years three years ago basically
this year before we dug the pond we had
the same pool company come out like
let's get a new quote a much simpler
pool it was like it was totally
different it was like just like a square
rectangle pool it we got rid of the
waterfall it was like so simple but this
time the pool company knew who we were
and it was like they sent us this quote
how much was the quote for a less pool
thirty thousand more than the last like
the added on to it either inflation or
just our typical life story now is that
everybody charges us a lot more I'd
already been looking into the idea of a
pawn because it's bigger and we can we
can pull things on it we can jump things
and it's like it just opened up so much
plus I thought we could dig the pawn so
deep we could take all the dirt and
border the property because we have so
many people show up and film our kids
and it's just creepy and it's it's very
just our privacy is our home is our only
place so I was like let's take the dirt
and pile it around the property at least
add a little bit of privacy so we got a
pond and a little more privacy for a
fraction of the price the pond was like
a quarter it was not even a quarter of
the price of the pool and we got so much
use out of this pond so I mean the kids
love it so I'm glad we went the pond
that's really why we dug the pond it was
for fun and to add privacy to our life a
little bit that's gotta be burnt
who's y'all bundled out let's do it the
Christmas rush has been very crazy guys
obviously Sunday night so like orders
built up through the weekend but and the
the Christmas ornaments you guys
absolutely love sort of we we love them
so much we tried to get a last year it
fell through and so glad we got him this
year is it a full moon
dude it's a super moon tonight's the
biggest moon of the year I did that's
the first thing I did I looked out and
saw the minim and I knew it that split
second you and I were looking at the
same moon at the same time right guys I
really cannot thank you enough for
hanging out with us sticking around us
through the bond the exciting the boring
BQ and everything you're always here I
can't thank you enough for that we are
gonna call it a day and this is
something crazy too I rearranged my
office a little bit today so my desk is
now on this side of the room and
there's the door it's all backwards this
side completely destroyed the sides kind
of nice and clean some shine on that
side but since this streak continued
before we left for vacation I unplugged
my computer legit it's unplugged this
isn't for editing this is for gaming I
unplugged my computer because I was
playing so many games that I was missing
a lot of logs I would stay up playing
battlegrounds on that or I would I would
just want to play games and I missed a
lot of vlogs because of it so I have
unplugged my computers to this day it
has been
oh well we were on a trip so it doesn't
really count but uh that's gonna be so
bad why are you in Caine so scary today
oh he's scary in the store I just heard
you're talking talking to myself you
think I mean you're talking to myself
maybe I have friends okay I have friends
we love you guys so so much we will see
you tomorrow thank you for everything
you are beautiful you've got one of a
kind you're beautiful
you're one of a kind Lauri trying to get
it
you
