you nailed the carwash dude what's up
guys we are um actually we got another
full day of shooting John's here always
funny always funny
gonna wash the car we had to shoot a
scene yesterday with the car I'm so mad
so dirty that's like I'm gonna come out
and clean it this morning before they
get here that's what daddy
that's awesome yeah thank you they're
here they're here you're filling up the
garage again what's up guys ready to do
this
getting set up man this is freaking nice
dude I can't tell you now how nice your
haircut is hey you rigged her up we're
gonna rough needs that here yeah it's a
weird open oh hey hey guys are you doing
in here
sweating man it's not you why don't you
turn it on here just hold the brake hold
that button and you can just blast this
Asya how you doing today baby Oh give me
a hug give me a hug oh I love you
where are you taking me where are you
taking my leg oh thank you some
probiotic wait how am I gonna take this
just one - good you're gonna take this
with you right
yeah yes here you go in
Wow hey season they've been rigging
cameras in this car for a while it's
unbelievable
don't when I shoot something like that
GoPro do it these guys rig up stuff
unbelievable I mean John's and you're
getting tested right now yeah yeah
don't do it boy she better not cut her
hair should be sleeping on the couch
time for the mic yeah here take my
nippers so this is ridiculous setup man
do you ever think you'd be filming like
this
no I I didn't know I knew I was big I
don't know I need a camera that big well
they need this is just to get you in the
shop yeah and that was my joke I
literally was taking playing that joke
and you took it before I finished it
that is a new level of that some get
really worried guys come in can you hear
me anybody I don't know what to do man
we're gonna do the Corey out here you
have to eat all the corn what are you
vegetables I don't know think maybe we
should just draw whatever did we are out
here in the middle of nowhere
camera DUP momona I am house it back
here John
that's a sardine do you complain so much
God come how many people want to ride in
the backseat of this car not really
knowing my size nobody wants the FX
we're just waiting on tech barely
fitting shotgun that's the only keys I
God did that guy get the keys there's
more cameras here than I've ever seen I
look at this guy
yeah that's good and I want that back
Jean things I do for art things you do
to fart yeah I hope you do that mr.
Bobby Ronan it's been a free lunch and
we're back back back feels good in here
too whoo like the sweat from my belly
just soaked this part sure Ron hey dot
hey baby
okay okay yeah shake it oh yeah I don't
know sweet matching seats they want to
do a scene where we're shooting in our
room and our we've just never had it why
your pillowcases on they're not t-shirts
us yeah I'm moving on up so honey listen
to me hot I know we haven't really
talked about this but yeah sorry about
the shoes our first bedroom re not here
thatÂ´s all yeah yeah I mean I kind of
get stage fright in the in the in the in
the bed so just try to keep it down on
your part geez please so no breathing to
that part again price up and then see it
I never thought that we would wishing a
funny bedroom thing right now and got we
got stuff everywhere about to have some
fun this is great
they have fun they have fun yeah so this
is hard at work right here man
actually just got done with our first
bedroom scene oh yeah I wanted to get a
picture Oh
full frontal you want a picture well
they're gonna reshoot it I know how to
take a picture yeah sure
a lot of waiting production from you
know from the movie I did from this
stuff everything I've ever done with
this level of production it's all about
hurry up and wait
I literally wanted to sure since hurry
up and wait good it's not all glam guys
it's a lot of waiting man like it looks
awesome when it's done but and to get
there takes a while and right now I'm
waiting for lunch thank God we got John
on these shoots we wouldn't have long he
picks up the camera all the time is from
yesterday I need to cut out like so much
of you're just walking around with my
camera your guys is bad looks big enough
to fit me tonight this would be great
food here
okay so Roman gets two large pizzas and
then another one and he also got all
this stuff so how much do ya write Roman
doesn't share you can't even share the
couch right now with Brittany
hire me as your vlogger and I'll just uh
kind of be your cameraman and you just
pay me in BLT pizza lunch I'm good
that's pretty much different that camera
man eres boss that was an original Roman
joke he didn't steal that one go so yeah
little bit of downtime here John and I
found art we used to be in a sketch
comedy group together that's actually
how we met we met on Craigslist they
have no joke and we sort of sketch
comedy troupe we just found our original
Twitter page where we would post things
about our videos this is uh this is a
post from 2010
yo yo yo new video uploading now I'm not
gonna lie it kind of sucks didn't lie I
wasn't lying the best when the new video
is uploaded let's get 100 views tonight
dude a hundred views we have goals yeah
I'll let you know when thanks guys
two favorites - that's double who you
favorite it's gonna be someone we know
it's like your mom's ha ha ha don't know
hey King hey King look at this I got to
show you something hi do you see all
this stop and our garage Hey look we had
to get rid of your dirt bike ah because
we had to put all this stuff in here I'm
kidding it's right there Hey look at
this box oh look what they brought you
if you want something get it alright
we're coming up on the last shoot of the
day this is simple easy what's wrong and
it roared we're doing a little thing
together here it's so beautiful like the
old days I can do this so all right
there
something came out dude it's on my arm
do you know it's the blob I'm here you
go Audio girl yeah it's hot feel that
hey he can't tell girls apart I'm girl
sided put a good freaking day guys I am
I you know I know things may be a little
confusing right now in these vlogs and
what we're doing in I don't want to give
too much away but things are amazing and
I'm telling you like we're going to try
to bring you some new fun content things
that are that are different and
evolutionary for us and it's probably
it's easy for me to sound a little corny
right now I'm just very excited I'm very
you know when I look back on these vlogs
hopefully in 10 years I put things like
this on here so that I can hear myself
and and and remind myself of where I am
and you know what I'm doing so I just
can't stress enough to you guys I found
a tweet today I posted it on Twitter and
it was a tweet from 2010 that said when
I upload my new video let's try to get
100 views a hundred views I was I was
fighting for a hundred views so I want
to use everything that I'm doing to
motivate you guys because I I was just
there like I was just struggling so hard
and I'm working to make it better so I
want to motivate you guys with
everything that I do I think it's
extremely important and I know you have
it in you and you can do it you can do
whatever you want man that all being
said get off your butt right now you can
even turn my vlog off right now if you
want
turn-turn my vlog off and do something
you really want to get done man stop
waiting stop sitting around and thinking
that it's going to get done by itself
nobody's going to do it for you I
promise you can you can rely on people
all you want you're going to learn real
fast at the only one that can do it is
you sit I love you guys enough of that
let's continue
go
there is equipment around my entire
house everything is still set up and
ready for tomorrow
so they don't have to re adjust anything
we have a bunch of like little things we
have to shoot inside this living room so
it's pretty cool I do all this stuff man
don't dent tenten tenten dang dinh Oh
dad hey you little rat we are work we
are working into the night a little bit
we just played a ton of video games and
we had a blast and now change guess
we're gonna cut it off here thanks for
hanging out today umm I don't know what
I bought today it is kind of messy um
but look good
mommy's not allowed to help me end it we
love you guys so much thank you for all
your support and your loyalty on these
videos we will see you tomorrow
smile more
oh my I'll take two of them she's faster
than I just
