oh yeah are you like that yeah what your
my she's checking you wanna see it down
there no that's private
it's private this is Bree hi Bree hey
you're on camera
she's our sound girl awesome she's got
the real stuff man this isn't your your
cheesy prank audio right here we got the
big guns in here what's up guys how are
you hey dude that's a beautiful looking
camera you got there guys gotta see how
creepy how he looks right now like this
went on the hole what's going on up here
guys you've taken over the kids room
yeah we're watching TV oh this is
watching a great Nutella this is the
coolest job ever
the crew is the crews baby sitting there
that's awesome Kane are you having fun
actually it is pretty interesting how
long you been doing audio every is that
your thing you just love audio that's
all ha school yeah we all have our like
loves in the business just fall for one
thing mine was editing like that's what
got me into making videos I really I
just love to edit I had to film
something like a night it's two things
that's not bad considering all the stuff
yeah what are you two snack guy today
you got everything guy yeah there's
drinks you got it look at all these
snacks you brought a first-aid kit you
know you're shooting at my house I need
for a sake it did you almost got it yeah
reach reach reach come on
oh you oh this is how
you do it good job man Mama's here
hey last last time you were here we blew
up your car with these guys
Yeah right I'm sorry right they really
did oh no I was here oh we're having a
freaking blast today guys it's a
houseful it's crazy
there's just equipment everywhere it's a
lot of fun so mom yes
have you seen Brittany and I sextape yet
no but I heard about it I'd like to see
it
you wanna see her mother about me too
crap is very sticky I've had yeah it is
actually
let's have some fun in it was it so good
let's let's have some fun this paint is
single I want to take a ride on your
disco stick that's it nailed it you guys
have you taken over the garage look at
these cameras I am look at this rig
thank you
don't you tell me a little bit about
these do these are monsters
you don't like my vlog camera why can't
we just use three of these you can use
these are great that's right two though
300 Canon cameras they're a pretty much
standard now for reality seems like
every show you do pretty much using
these cameras oh yeah do their piece
okay and this is to make it Wireless
yeah it just sends those are send
wireless signal to monitor which one
balloon yeah they just walk around with
these little TV screens and it shows you
whatever the cameras through them so
that way you have all three camera so
you can see all three the same time I
think you're basically watching the cut
kind of like it's unbelievable man the
stuffs getting praised
Wow he's the blue car yeah we are just
finishing up a lunch break how you
liking it today it's pretty well a
little net is no time for an ass
well there is cuz you guys are going to
thumb and I don't need to be that's
right that's true they call me Little
John Joe yeah just me anymore we should
have a juggle off to get out of here
real food
selfie go go ah yeah div thanks to
everybody they don't know me haha just
bounced out of the house and Joe and I
are headed to a gun range she read me
some shooting bang bang bang bang we're
about to do some big scene here at the
gun range should be a lot of fun I'll
take you guys on course I got to get
better at vlogging while we're shooting
this TV stuff it's like it gets
confusing I don't know when pick up
camera John's been picking up my camera
more the back I keep thinking it's a
sandwich that's why it's always in your
puzzle the wet if you go wet shooting
range archery guns training ammo please
got it all baby
go tell me a little bit about what's
going on tell me a little bit about
what's going on
the gun range here where we got the
bullet ranch bullet ramp bullet ranch
look at these can I can't get over these
cameras yeah so overwhelming look at
that thing
it's like he's holding an alien on his
shoulders Wow are you ready born ready
ready to do this I'm gonna be yelling at
all the cameras we can do a shooter
McGavin shooter genre jump inside the
gun ring really loud and this is Steve
goodI owner of this it's a great look
this is really nice
coming in just waiting for cameras not
cameras audio perfectionist time come on
Bri just eat with him Steve just brought
us some real fully automatic what is
this this is a H&K mp5 nine-millimeter
this is the Glock 17 it's been modified
to run full auto our class 7s we're
going to shoot some full auto - honestly
never shot a full auto weapons so I'm
really excited this is really cool would
you just pop pop but um this is full
auto only the block so once you go you
can bump a couple of rounds it's pretty
easy once you've done it a few times so
you can dump the full mag just hold it
down this is both semi
let's do it you ready what are we gonna
do now we're gonna we're gonna come
follow me come come come with me what it
well now shall we what let's go in there
I'm so excited to do this this gun
shoots just like any lock right we put a
stock on it just to keep him from riding
so much mag loaded same way yeah you go
hold on okay so I'm gonna do the the
Glock fully auto was what is this mad
9-millimeter 33 grads 33 about 25 does
that go very fast the clock fired so
sure I should just give it all yeah yeah
hey could somebody film for me just cut
cut it be the full on out how recording
yeah we good everybody
Wow I doubt your way
oh my I'll take two of them she's faster
than I guess 30 rounds that's bad right
hello there cat dude you shouldn't run
when the shit someone is scandalous
karate text and a little bit facing the
time I missed my train
Oh is everything you know absolutely
love that I guess it gets mom's did you
got to get in that guy's truck yeah you
got to get in there everything but the
target look at my gun look at that this
is crazy crazy
look at this van oh my god
we got enough equipment or what we need
more and we get one more camera I just
don't feel official like one boy this is
kind of like I don't know man we need
what are we PBS PBS kids look at the
shooting even when we're not it's just
one lay in there was that time lapse
yeah these guys are crazy man hey baby
the grass looks nice Oh is he gone
haha hi dude oh my god too many pranks
in this house we just had such a good
for I wish you were there
oh it was really Fonda it was
unbelievable we got to shoot holy holy
fully automatic gun have you got to do
it you got it he said he'll come here to
our house and bring those yeah I don't
know really fun very awesome environment
to be inside that area where it's just I
don't know targets and stuff um yes so
we just got home John's eating
watch movies would you are the new
Penguins again feel like you've watched
that like oh yeah we are we are wrap for
today that was a full day shoot we just
banged out like I don't matter 9 hours
maybe yeah it felt good man what a good
day good that's off yo
Britney's on the grill and she's getting
some meat Romans over there
throw in a sick beat Cain is crazy and
John's behind film we're all together
just gotta get rap such a beautiful
ending to our great day of work man
gonna be right back at it tomorrow guys
we're working really hard to uh to
launch this stuff for you it's gonna be
really fun I think it's really great we
it's just going to be more fun content
so that is what we're aiming for I gotta
clean up look at all this crap this is
still all our boxes from LA guys don't I
mean just do not run out of gas it's so
empty
the gas light is flashing okay well it
didn't trip
all right all right guys we're settling
down unbelievable day I can't tell you
or express to you how thankful I am to
have this crew here and be home like to
be doing this at home is just impossible
to me I never thought it would have I
never thought I would ever get to this
place so I'm challenging you right now
to go above and beyond your expectations
take your dreams and your thoughts and
make them happen guys they're not just
gonna happen honey
they they think it's just going to come
to them they think it's just gonna
happen I'm trying to explain that you
got to get up and move man I promise you
no matter what you want to do you can do
it something hot everyone laughed at me
when I said I'm gonna make stupid videos
make it a career like I mean I got loud
my teachers laughed at me I knew in
school I'd be doing this that's what
counts
like if you just keep thinking that this
is gonna happen this is gonna happen
positive thinking yeah you never made
fun
she never write fun even before I even
had YouTube channel she never made fun I
made some bad video bad video I wouldn't
even want to show someone they're so bad
but that's what you never showed me
anyone else on YouTube though you never
showed me anyone elses videos cuz they
were better than mine I don't pressure
oh I don't know
so guys very thankful to have this going
on very thankful that you guys and
obviously I just want to use everything
that I'm doing to always motivate you I
think it's so important guys we are
going to end the vlog thank you for
participating in our giveaway on
instagrams both of us launched a contest
on Instagram if you haven't done that
check it out and Cain's feeling better
so that's good he's rocking and rolling
hi he's tired it's late
yeah I think we all did I am gonna cut
this off edit early because we got to
get up early into a whole new day of
filming so please join us for that we
love you enough talking smile more you
guys
frickin awesome slam you smama me love
you
what say bye so quiet of a lemon guys on
what is taking you so long
let's go let's go
ran out on an ant man up to him
oh you silly mommy
