hey guys what's up good morning it's not
morning getting a very late start
today's vlog actually I didn't vlog
today was my stupid phone and I hate uh
I could go downtown
I let well here watch it sighs hey hey
my friends I hope you're having a
wonderful day I'm stuck in traffic
downtown Columbus and I'm vlogging on my
frigging iPhone you guys know how much I
hate that I left the house today with no
frickin battery so I got my backup cam
right here my iPhones yeah guys just
sitting in traffic headed downtown got
some cool stuff lined up for this
weekend very cool I'm gonna show you
actually um kind of a demo of what we're
doing tonight I hate hey I don't hate a
lot of things but I hate vlogging on my
cell phone because it's a giant screen
and all I want to do is look at the
screen I need to make a little red
sticker by my camera so I look at you
guys it's beautiful it's sunny I just
had to run downtown real quick before we
got some big things going on this
weekend I keep saying it but tonight I
will show you what we're doing I can't
wait it's gonna be a blast
dude I am literally get lost in these
buildings like this there's nobody here
whole place is empty I'm so confused
right now
well I found it look at this view wash
me nosh
so yeah I just want to come home get my
camera that's exactly what I did I'm
about the the best thing ever grilled
cheese tomato soup which is probably
dumb because we're about to go meet up
with nine of our special guests for this
weekend so
you guys are gonna know very soon in
this vlog what's happening come on what
is taking you so long
let's go let's go
bran a known ant-man to him
oh are you silly mommy oh I gotta get my
big dirty Chuck it looks awesome I think
it's that should just be the paint job
this is how the paint job should be yeah
why not
guess that Birdman what's wrong with me
or been over to the restaurant we got a
very big pre pregame dinner tonight for
our big three days shoot coming up what
is wrong with it like hiccup burp Emma I
don't know I feel like I'm live still
open yeah they're open they hope yeah
yeah I don't know how much I'm gonna
film inside um I will that's what I do
but I'll probably keep it to the medium
and uh yeah let's have some fun man nah
no yeah Velma that's that's what you
guys watch these vlogs keep up with us
so we're gonna film it alright guys
little hesitant to tell you who is here
with us we're about to have a lot of fun
this weekend we got some special yes
what's up man he's going out your name
I'm Adam salzburg salzburg what do you
do at home I am a shoulder
yeah what what's like a show that my
viewers might know what do you do they
might yell duck dynasty and your
executive producer that says yes I am
like that's why like this record we got
a returning guest what's up buddy how
are you doing what was your name my
name's Mike Mike and what do you do what
do you I work what how it wouldn't work
without me I just got married my biggest
ally how we live oh how he's getting a
big kick out of this because I have
terrible stage fright
Mike 89 I'll make sure I put you on
extra camera this we can get used to
what's up guys I know you're eating I'm
gonna say hi to you what you guys is
Adam Adam Chad Chad what do you guys do
Josh assistant assistant tech supervisor
sexy supervisor tech supervisor sexy
supervisor
what's up guys what do you do I'm a
camera operator camera operator what's
some of the stuff you've filmed struck
me duck dynasty making you a nigger
heck yeah I do and she you're gonna be
filming us I'm honored that's amazing
how's it going I'm Dave director of
photography
heck yeah that's the most important look
at this this is how we have dinner guys
Oh to take your call bro take your call
and and and how about you guys yeah I
know I know he's busy rich everyone so
uncomfortable we have a laptop I can
work and what do you do I I'm doing
dinner right now I'm loving it there you
go
I just got one of these that's adorable
that's adorable
anybody want before I before I eat does
anybody want some steak no I'll take
about it I'll take it but so basically
we got a house full for the next few
days it's going to be a lot of fun these
guys are the best of what they do we're
honored to have them thank you guys for
coming it's gonna be sweet
remember you guys did last time for us
that was you over there I said go you do
a teller manager I want you to sing and
you guys all came out and saying oh yeah
I remember being here it's your blog
camera I'm doing it take it they want to
know what's going on in the world so
somebody came out and said that she
wanted to sing for America's Got Talent
so here we go we're live at America's
Got Talent sheet what's your name
Madison is gonna sing for how easy comes
back ROG for science this is this is
Rahl right here if she makes it through
the out background
okay boy I love very good good
I'm voting him through Wow subway are
you getting what's going on here we got
Howie Mandel and his production company
we've got executive producer and
director and camera operators from duck
dynasty this is gonna be a big weekend
very excited can be very fun we are very
honored to have him here it's obviously
a huge step for us so yeah I'm so glad
you guys are here with us and you're
coming along with us me funds me good
little your little trip what that's a
good tears this focus on driving are you
trying to say
I should stop vlogging see in a second
hey mama
I brought you some food you happy big
big area
where's my little munchkin babe love
that's where you come up with you went
to food man I don't see a mom gain K and
daddy misses you where are you man I
just miss him so much I'm just gonna lay
here and cry baby Oh give me a hug 99 my
mom here let me help you out
need help carrying this stuff here I'll
help you we came home I Cain's not
feeling too good he's gonna warm ok with
me you wanna lay with mommy and daddy
yeah are you are you just pretending to
be sick so you can sleep with mommy and
daddy I'm just teasing oh man
definitely warm that's not good you
awake oh well T's already passed out
what happened to me it's glam mommy and
daddy's bed ok guys I really really hate
to in the vlog like this Kane is already
passing out on the bed we're gonna go
lay beside him I'm gonna take the laptop
in and edit beside them and we're just
gonna pass out
scoop him up make him feel good by
tomorrow we got a huge weekend this is
not a piece
oh we got to cut this off probably a
really short vlog I hope you understand
let's go ahead and launch the iWatch
Apple watch whatever contest we decided
this this will be the last time but it
is still Instagram go hit us up you just
gotta like our photo we're each going to
put us the photo we're each going to
post a photo of Colleen hopefully by the
time this vlog is up and all you have to
do is like a photo and leave us a
comment why you want to watch that's it
same as last time next will be the hero
sessions and we will do a different
different platform how's that cool all
right we love you guys so much thanks
fellow it's gonna be a really fun
exciting weekend we can't wait to bring
you guys along smile there we go
