bye buddy
oh no honey oh you're getting cold to
drink
it's hot it's beautiful it's sunny I
love you squeeze my head I'll get you
strong and big what's up guys how are
you hope your days awesome we're
starting our day off with some times
does always wake up this happy this is a
most the time he does actually mommy on
the other hand wakes up like a lion
don't she hi
I think I broke my foot yesterday at the
pool yeah you guys might notice I'm
walking with a terrible limp today and
I'm carrying why am i carrying you all
right lead the way so what are we doing
today we have to go to well I left it a
few guys asked you guys on Twitter yes
sir we couldn't decide we ask from the
calm it was really hard so I figured
Twitter would be the best here it is
give away options favorite for Apple
watches or retweet for new GoPro
sessions the Apple watch almost doubled
the GoPros holy crap 8000 favorites for
the Apple watch we're headed the Apple
Store today
yeah don't some of them watches like
$20,000 so and my favorite one is like
300 300 399 Sonia ordered a giant
Brussels we did we did
oh my gosh dude wow dude dude that is a
serious friggin front hold it up to your
face
what's your name did I'm Ben Ben Ben's
from Cleveland about two hours where he
said what are the odds of seeing Roman
today dad down here for a golf
tournament right before I left and I
don't forget to see Roman at four what
if the odds dude that's awesome and
thanks for watching
yep man you're so strong I tied his cape
I tied a shirt on his I want carrot like
a Kate now I think are you Batman
why not much of a cape but I love you
Batman
oh we have been blessed with sunshine
today it's amazing all right let's do
this
coming in here is like a death trap
because Kane finds an iPad even though
he has one different game all right here
they are guys oh my god these are like
$20,000 something like that
are you fighting yourself all right you
guys you asked for it
here they are don't don't uh you
giveaway coming soon I don't know what
day we're gonna do it but maybe nah
that's it
oh maybe I don't okay this is such a
weird thing to have on your dashboard
snakes and I don't know maybe it means
something you guys tell me all right
tell me where we're looking for where
we're going Milda bear Kane's gonna
build his own bear just the way it
sounds I guess you could pick out things
and stuff it yourself and it'll be so
much more if he actually gets to make it
yeah I'll be taking this thing to high
school with him this way over here oh
boy here we go here we go check out any
of these bears we're all oh I'm gonna
come
their heart and then you need something
fast you want a chain look at all these
look iron bear like you can make Hulk
Hulk bear you can get your bear little
swimsuit never seen Caine have this part
of a decision before life he's like what
is tough can we pick one
we just can't pick I'm not sure daddy
picked for you know I don't want to pick
for you what about a green there
he's got he's got abs dude all right
he's going with halt
Hulk bear we gotta make him now what are
you doing okay let's look inside you can
name him grab a heart
he's got to have a heart oh oh
put your heart right here this is
complicated team I'm gonna fill them up
make him a bear this your first one
step on it up fill em up
how are you going to date you good yes
sir how are you good how are you
you got it except you the arts fine oh
he's gonna smell good now keep that
Hulk's think away
Perico you hold on to it super tight
shake it up you gotta turn it around in
the circle
there you go all right then you got to
jump up and try to get his heart
jump-started - ready let's jump up
really high so he could get them to do
anything right now
3000 I thought it was gonna be so cheesy
and corny but it actually was like um
I've never seen Kane act like that it
was so excited Wow we see it's a Bahama
quarter I bet there's no Bahamas change
in there man that Sun went down quick
just getting home guys
Kane you got a new best friend yep yeah
the Wolves just Hawk oh you pulled his
brains off we got in a box
what are we got in a box
you guys know every once while in the
vlogs we do feature products and
companies that send us their products
that we think are pretty cool we've done
all kinds of them told them to send us
their stuff they did these things are
awesome you guys know that I gotta shave
all the time I'm a man's man and
Brittany I think your facial hair grows
faster than mine oh so I guess I
deserves it a little bit just wait you
want to see all right let's see these
names me and Kay want to see what heavy
see the chrome edition this one's mine
mine oh that's bad to the bone yo see
that I wonder what other cars they
seized like legit made in Germany razors
they're heavy they're there yeah let me
see this thing
hey come here you want me shave your
hair oh that's how that works
should we just sure you just go right up
the middle
I know so basically guys a legit company
very high quality I know you guys shave
especially girls like I would imagine
our girl viewers shave more than our guy
viewers yeah yeah I mean I'm an old dude
I don't even shave yeah I'm like there's
like 12 year olds with bigger beards to
me that's the truth are you doing it's
not it's not edible baby don't eat it
don't eat it
the only way we do these products guys
is if the company actually is gonna hook
you guys up with something that's the
bottom line
they are if you go to harrys.com if you
place an order I think they're 15 bucks
for this whole kit which isn't oh that's
nice it comes with a razor it's legit
like this stuff's legit I'm this one
razor up I last me two or three years I
get it Harry's calm all you do is use
promo code Roman that's it ro ma n you
guys know my name that's it you get five
dollars off so that I think the whole
thing costs 10 bucks that's a good deal
yeah
there's arts they are expensive you get
extra blades it's a nice kit it's a nice
kit so you guys were into it you shave
go to Harry's right now check this out
it's nice man and thanks to Harry's for
sending us this is awesome
yeah I'm excited the last thing I'm
going to say is that these guys started
this company with just two guys
entrepreneur I love that so I so for
anybody it just starts a company and
takes it to the next level freakin
awesome
I love it cuz that's that's what I did
that's what we did and that's I don't
know I can relate to it it's sweet
alright guys I'll put that link for
everything in the description so
huh what's up ladies ninja vanish come
on I wake you up
we got cleaning to do just trying to
wake everybody up
yeah we got a big big week in here guys
so we got a lot of extra help grandma
Rhonda
Kane's doing most of the cleaning I
didn't in the vlog last night so here I
am right here today saying goodbye
starting our day off we love you guys
thanks for everything we'll see it
tomorrow oh um I'm gonna end it with
this a lot of people can blame it on
Instagram so for the for the watches
we're trying to figure out what's the
best way to do that hit me in the
comments tell me what you guys think we
will see you tomorrow mama get that out
of that hunt you're gonna break
something
mmm oh hang on no it shouldn't be in at
all it's not like it's playing outside
turn it off give me this right it's hot
