holy cow what what's up guys beautiful
day you're a while oh my god huh I'm a
palm I feel like The Wizard of Oz that's
what it's pounding guys we're having
some crazy friggin whip what do you
painting in here looks like you're
having a good time
finish your carrots so what are you guys
doing stormy days we have a lot of them
a lot of them I tell you a lot it's
raining out kids are busy you can pretty
much do anything right now what do you
want to what I already know I'm sitting
on the counters playing games
she wants to pluck my ear yep that's
what us that's what couples do it right
there and your hair are you really
going what do you mean how many hairs so
I have in my hair oh Allah yeah you're
right to my grandpa Lee Hom crippled my
Grammys that like really long gray hair
little bushes coming up no I don't have
that no you're great it's a very he's
like it's a copy I want to show you guys
you push you wait this is gonna hurt
really bad just got really you know make
sure they're like legit hairs don't just
keep on I can't feel that really
sure you gonna try to make art now oh
yes this one leave this hairy hand see
Fame not only
you know what anyway oh hey on that came
out of my ear oh my god
you should just break out with mine you
guys let your girlfriends do this stuff
this is so stupid it's like that's short
like you could kill me one just stab it
through my ear you still owe me money
right let me pluck a hair on you one
somewhere how so no I'm in film in this
if you guys are bored on a rainy day I
suggest um doing anything but this this
is ah oh my god I see and I can't get
focus on nothing out I got his ear oh my
gosh we're just kidding
ah just kidding we had to get yes she
cut this off her rod we're so stupid I
thought it would be funnier them yeah
pains reaction was good you guys were
probably even fall for it at all all
right we're good we're good
um hi I can hear you a little I know I
did a parameter hey guys this is what I
do love about Ohio if you don't like the
weather just wait five minutes
look at this sunny skies I don't get it
my mom and dad and my brother just got
here you go say hi Oh blurry camera hey
mama hey buddy how are you would you get
would you bring goody bag
yeah good I brought some good bags and
this is the blueberry fruit roll-ups
these are homemade fruit roll-ups out of
there I think I've showed you guys there
what's that thing called dehydrator
mm-hmm yeah they said okay what is what
kind of this topping just strawberries
home after loss best thing on the planet
that's good
here dude try that okay so the rust is
we're gonna make smoothies I know you've
been making smoothies lately I have been
on a smoothie kick but you haven't been
making blueberry mango smoothies I have
not been making blueberry mango
well there and her blueberries come out
of her garden so these babies all Oh ash
okay okay so we got blueberries bananas
mango deep what is this stuff it's dried
man freeze dried mango ice cubes yeah
that's it yeah that's gonna make a
smoothie this big no what's up my
gnostic yo that's it this is the real
test
it's got a mouth like a German Shepherd
nice for carnivore I'd rather have a big
piece of steak well we can do that it's
a steak blended up put some mango in
there some strawberries I think they're
hungry ah sorry guys just working
through a lot of today mom and dad and
family was over and you know the routine
I usually set the camera down hang out
with some family
check out these shirts I want it however
you guys remember the lion shirt I wore
in Los Angeles my brother got me in
China
check out these ones he also got me tell
tell me what you think of these I think
these are pretty freakin sweet look at
this one it's like black and white snow
land and then you unzip it it's sunny I
don't know oh yeah it's like snow winter
I don't know it's weird this one is so I
really like this shirt I don't know it's
like I love space it's just ridiculously
weird it's cool huh and this one's like
really free I don't know if I I don't
know if I could pull that off this one's
like straight I don't know maybe in the
Bahamas on an island I don't know I
could
be honest with me what you need more
food yeah just the mices look at that
with such junk junk nails just peel off
what is that cane you selling mommy bad
nails yeah why me I didn't sell her bad
nails huh are you a fart machine tonight
yeah guys we're going full I'm sorry a
whole family day Sunday today and we're
about to fire up some popcorn
hey ninja turtle don't worry there's
instructions
oh you got so much radiation going in
your brain right now
also nice this morning I don't know if
you've been sitting in the box but all
her nails are done make halos let's junk
paint man what is this stuff it's just
the gel it's gel and then she puts her
hands in this little like le LED light
it's supposed to be the greatest thing
and then it all just peels off no
usually lasts two weeks but it must just
be this color just pop and Caine why cuz
you know that's more than another yeah
that's more than enough you want to be
able to count one mm - that's so
complicated I just want to eat popcorn
just listen
in between pop do you want to be I see
your brain popping you're so close
anyone to the perfect uh-huh
how funny idea was like what your laces
burnt black solid no pull what
oh that this blog is so good like this
is probably our best wall ever
tomorrow's gonna be a fun one it's
always tomorrow though not today what
about today came like a Halloween oh my
god hey this is the hobby this is how
you watch a movie my friends
what's up guys its current day and I'm
gonna be straight straightforward with
you today I was not going to upload a
vlog I was not gonna upload this vlog I
just why because you're just getting
family time it was family family time on
Sunday we were just like I'm not you
know I'm gonna skip a vlog but then I
realized we're coming up on 600 vlogs
straight and it would be so stupid not
to upload so forgive me for a little bit
boring vlog
it smells like septic out here it's like
soot I don't know if you guys any you
guys country home livers you have your
your septic emptied every few years or
whatever ours has never been done since
we've been here year and a half tomorrow
so Brittany's filling the septic tanks
this one's got to come alright guys
we're gonna pick it up vlogs are gonna
be fun again we are taking the kids to a
really cool big water park so we're
headed there where new giveaway is about
to come out not yet um are we doing one
per Instagram again yeah one per
Instagram listen I know I want to do the
the hero sessions but I'm thinking the
Apple watches are the same price and
everybody freaking loves those right now
they're like 399 I think for just the
basic I mean that's the one I would get
wait you have to have a Apple phone
though yeah okay so the question in the
comments tell us Apple watch or hero
session GoPro session that's the
question we will see you guys tomorrow
thanks for all the love and support and
I hope you like the new prank you guys
obviously blew it up so yeah we love you
guys it's someone you got your own side
that's why we bought this bathroom stuff
what is that anyway quit that's so nasty
yeah but what I don't want it on mine
