hey guys before we start this vlog we
just want to give a special thanks to
each and every single one of you start
are you ready to list off all three
million people say that make up all
three month we have a list already all 3
million of you that we're gonna start
reading off and thanking you guys thank
you so freakin much we can't even
believe um Green Valley it came actually
really fast you guys we're starting to
tweet us that were getting close and I
was just like oh my god we really are I
don't pay attention to the subscribers
much I mean I look at them but I don't
even know until you guys tell us so
thank you thank you thank you we're so
excited we love you um it's just super
cool so that being said new prank is up
the main channel is rolling again I know
you guys you can just dust off that
channel white quite a bit a desk wipe
wipe your screen off there's a new prank
up it's public it's crazy it's uh ah
guys if you have a minute go short love
share it will do it you on a boat
they'll follow us free tonight
sure okay Brittany I was on Twitter cuz
it's the easiest yeah I think just
Twitter birthday and I will both be
following everybody that shares this
prank as much as we can on Twitter so go
share the new the new paintball prank
and Brittany I will be doing a huge fall
of spree late tonight and through
tomorrow probably through the whole week
so just keep pounding it will hit you we
love you guys let's start this vlog
hey what's up guys it is why use in my
mirror this is my side you've got your
home got your own side that's why we
bought this bathroom what is that anyway
quick that's so nasty yeah but what
I don't want it alone needs lotion yeah
dry Bo's rub it in okay let me explain
the water today how many people had
their elbows lotion does okay guys so
India's prank day not me pranking but
editing it's Saturday for us today it's
Sunday means pranks should already be up
but Brittany's got saved the day I
haven't edited at all on the new prank
so that's all I'm doing all day she's
gonna take the camera and help out she's
going out with her mom and Kane yeah you
guys are gonna go do whatever you got to
do anyway guys yes so I'll be handing
the camera to Britt she's gonna take you
on her journey today well I get the
prank up that you probably watched today
so it's gonna be worth it Oh have fun
have fun so you remember how to work
this thing I think so okay I think get
out of here I think you need to wash
your vehicle so look at all these toys I
haven't checked the miles on the gt-r
since I was in Los Angeles
that's what we're taking it out here you
take the truck I'll get flowers and put
them in the back of the car I get all
dusty in here
reversing the roles today came you and
mommy make a vlog today okay well you'll
pay for that
just another day stuck behind a try
I'm just sure you guys room and just
sent me this he just sent me this said
are happy chat I think this was from the
fog he does not like Kane is not like
when ramen picks on me he gets so mad
he's just like you're so dumb huh yeah
you're my buddy hey we made it to the
garden place so you excited pick out
some flowers yeah can you gonna climb up
in that big chair no look at these plots
Kane he like this you like that when
it's a boot school I think this might be
a little too much color for Roman Romans
are very simple
these are really cool though let's
FaceTime him and ask him if he likes it
hey what are what are you doing oh okay
so I families yeah
I found these pots that are really quiet
I don't know if they're too colorful for
you there's this one our fish on it okay
so we're at a huge nursery I mean it's
like huge this is only like not even
half of it to find something for big
pots kind of like this I don't want to
playing Bush I want something pretty and
colorful and fun so we're just trying to
find something fun
hey look it's an orange tree you can
just go picking the orange and eat it
that'd be cool
let's see what
outdoor patio can I leave it in the pot
yes you can
this is cool
so hot guys
so I just I don't think it's worth it I
don't think it's worth spending the
money on crazy amount for flowers and
stuff um and it only lasts a month we
need this so a little birdhouse it's a
bird
okay so what we are going to get is one
of these hooks that go in the ground we
can set the bird feeder on there's two
look at one of these and then we needed
one of these I think the peanut one it's
good it's like nothing not very
we don't need very blasts all over our
cars no I
how are you today
what are you doing face up minutes in
here do it again
Nana you're leaving of
feels good says it's tiny
jingyan
flowers he's so hot we got some for the
birdfeeder
celestial farmers market which is also
outside
Rowen said it's about the storm at our
house so
I don't know about to just go jump in a
pool someone the cannons a big basket
why you see it I get that big basket
that's so cool here we are the ice cream
place this is where mommy used to work
did you climb over you get out my side
yep yep your I guess my scream moves Oh
hot sticky and hot sticky okay I go they
have few times - hey find that stuff in
there wow that's awesome
taste it is it good yeah
let's see this
chocolate dipped in chocolate good job
right
cheers Cheers
I had some of your sprinkles Oh is your
favorite cart part the ice cream or the
cone
you like the ice cream or the cone part
oh you like to come yeah me too what's
your guys's favorite is it the ice cream
or the actual cone what's your favorite
now become the foam can't wait to get to
the cone
I know oh I'll be elected to take to get
to go hey are you working you got all
your stuff here hmm give me you're just
putting all this stuff in this desk
right on top whoa ready get a job and I
got you do strongman you messing with
Gerry Russell's show me your muscles I
got you you scared oh let me see those
muscles again you know where I got a
Macy the boys are sitting you get too
much stuff in my hand
boys are sending me in to find a movie
for tonight Saturday night movie night
so you got to find a kid this kid
friendly movie can't get it apart yeah I
don't know if the other bigger boys
willing to watch REO - let's see what
other movies they have the movie
selection in the stores like there's not
much of a selection
I think everyone just goes to buying it
on your TV or um like Netflix this may
be their own Netflix I guess give to P
yeah
okay hang on your new shoes let me see
he got shoes that he can put on all my
ladybugs so all I kind of deal that's
like he put it does our sleep I like him
he picked them out give me a matching
pair give me lady buddies let's go get
it how'd you guys they go mmm good how
did a vlog guys how they vlog should I
take this oh you can take it back oh my
gosh I am just digging
I suck at vlogging I don't ah pillow
face you guys refill in the birdseed the
bird feet and these are so good you all
mom oh are you sure tell that it we got
did you see that couch no so bad what
did you do off on the bird feeder oh my
god how are we gonna clean this how are
we gonna clean this well these these
unzip what did you guys get Oh it holds
the feeders yeah what is that
stop dairy to take away here you it's
probably pretty good actually
all right guys we're ending this vlog
exactly how we started it uh today its
current day right now oh really
Brit vlog tell us how she did and
obviously the new pranks up so go show
some love we love you will be both doing
a big fall Esprit tonight through the
week so keep sharing it on Twitter we'll
hit you guys and that's it yep so see
you tomorrow thanks for watching and
keep a big smile on your face
we love you smile more easy I'm not
actually sure go
