hey hey my friends welcome back to Ohio
I'm home I'm about to load up the truck
and do some work I'm home it's time to
work Oh
so if you watch the vlogs I've been in
Los Angeles for the last three days real
quick trip back home I got to get all
these orders to the post office come on
you blue bag there we go
lunch are like three days worth of mail
didn't go so if you're waiting on us mom
won't order guys I'm sorry it's leaving
today right now all these buckets and
tubs are you coming to hell I need help
I can't lift this stuff on myself you
know that got it oh my god you're so
strong I'll be back little buddy I'll be
you're getting fast in right now what's
up guys what's up this is all mine oh my
what are you guys doing even open all
the mail now oh my gosh good thing I
bought a truck so I came to the post
office to drop off almost a whole
truckload a smile more merch guys if
you've ordered anything thank you it
feels so good to come home and fill this
truck full of merch for you guys it's
unbelievable I'm seeing you guys out in
public now so I know it's smile more is
traveling baby what a good message to be
sending out on but what's really cool is
I go to the post office to drop off and
you guys have an entire tub of boxes
waiting for me it's unbelievable I can't
wait to open this stuff I figured while
I was in town I would come up and see if
the old this is where I grew up in this
town and there used to be a pool up here
it looks like it's still here I mean
we're talking about when I was
I've spent every single day here oh it's
it's still legit thank you and I used to
love this friggin pool why is nobody
there I used to ride my bike right here
into this parking lot and I would just
have a blast man everyone from town and
my mom and dad we thought we would just
have a blast in this pool talk about
memory lane man that's cool at least to
practice bike tricks right here
hey boy I said hey boy you ready to make
a smoothie or what oh my gosh the smell
of them strawberries got some organic
triple berry blend a bunch of bananas
some spinach I like using the frozen
strawberries because it adds that I see
a not that ice it's like it is the ice
it's unbelievable so it just makes it so
fresh and freshing and refresh fresh
fresher fresh fresh fresh open that
banana open that banana is that how you
open a banana he's gonna beat it up oh
my gosh I'm so happy right now I'm like
a smoothie guy now like when I'm hungry
I make smoothies to eat like that's my
new thing that's not true I eat the
worst stuff ever but I'm trying I'm
trying to do better and smoothies are
the best way for me to do it I mixed
some greens into it you want me to make
you one without that you won't even know
it's in there it's so concentrated
you ready Oh baby baby second try don't
like it you do like it alright now that
we got canes done I'm gonna add fresh
spinach baby spinach and some mint some
mint leaves baby it's all that it's
meant Cheers did G you guys remember our
awesome slip and slide that we use for
one day
look storm came Brittany was here by
herself tried to drag it in from the
yard and ripped it right up so what dude
yeah we'll get that out it's a really
dumb idea to try to mount it I mean I
don't hate actually stick what yeah I
don't know the best way to do this so
like know all that edge and then just
wrap it I think that's the best way yeah
Anna laughing this actually works I want
to work you're downing it so much I'm
not gay I mean I'm not some bait I'm
catching a raft on fire that's why I'm
doubting it kinda hurts I have no idea
if this is actually gonna work but
Brittany had a pretty good idea and
that's just to melt the raft no together
just like we do with rope it actually
melts and I just sealed it back up looks
like crap but that's the underneath the
raft who cares as you blow it up if you
put jump tape I think it'll hold hold it
together look at you little craft raft
today on RAF crafts we seal a raft and
get it back up in the river
there's no air
no no Eric's leaking out
all right so melting it didn't work
exactly perfect so we've added a little
duct tape I think we're back in biz
alright just ran in grabbed from shorts
and it's actually a very rare time to
see you in shorts
I I wear my pants cows wear jeans Jane
what happened to this thing while I was
gone I'm here she's she's look she's
leaking real bad this it's coming to the
end of this slip and slides time you go
down let me wash it what are you doing
we're um riding a bike in flip-flops
oh my god what happened oh this is gonna
try to flip on do it
Wow you won't try again
nice one just planning that
Arctica go that way I just didn't want
you to come near me because you're cold
and wet think of all the awesome things
we could do this thing shot me and it's
leaking that's the only reason I didn't
show it on the vlog but like tons of
neighbor kids were just here and it was
just it just got blasted so I decided to
top it off a little bike action feels
good wakes you up well of course it's
about the storm our daily storms it's
actually starting to Thunder a little
bit what are you doing all showered up
cleaned up from the little crazy fest
out there what do you doing with you
sure what's he doing we are ready to
chow plow this food deep in the mud or
oh look at this one of my favorite
dinners Brittany makes it's this cheesy
chicken enchilada
it's intial una I don't like the blog
much during dinner but I will say we
have a problem with sauces Leah this the
company sauces are on a day wall
if just sit up there we go okay
hey guys 100,000 likes we'll do a face
reveal that's what you guys are sitting
on right now
that's better paper towels with
professions perfect it is time I got it
I'm like look at the screen Noah it's
time to do the 360 cam giveaway she's
giving one away I'm giving one away you
guys know the rules you knew the contest
it's time to announce the winners and
before we do it was obvious that this
was probably the hardest choice of my
life how many comments under how many
comments on your Instagram picture we
told you guys to leave comments and
we'll pick our favorite comment what I
didn't realize there was 88,000 comments
online eighty-eight thousand comments on
her picture
what and on mine a hundred and eleven
thousand comments no hate guys come on
we're gonna we're gonna continue to we
understand that there's only two letters
here actually there's three there's
three winners but we're gonna continue
to do giveaways and nobody's gonna win
twice so once you've won something
you've won so next is you the next one
you okay it's a guy once you pick a guy
okay he's about to be a proud daddy and
just living the daily work life I've
done that I've done that for 12 years in
a factory his name's cord Roberts this
is insane man Ward Roberts I'm not sure
my winner Britney picked reflux yes he
was
working it he deserved that was like 14
weeks ago though it's true
so he's been he's been he's been
offering these 14 weeks we know that
thanks cord that's awesome ah Congrats
on being a getting ready to be a dad the
husband oh my god dude you are in so
much trouble
see what I got sleeping rhinos and
monsters are you ready for my winner
woman are you ready for my winners my
winner there's two years there's two I'm
picking two people for 360 cam yes split
it Sharon you're twins you know how to
share by the I picked a set of twins is
Katelyn and Colleen from New York City
these girls instagrams are both packed
full everything from making posters for
us and banners and creating artwork it's
just unbelievable what you two have done
so I'm sending you unfortunately just
one but you guys can figure out how to
use it together have fun with it thank
you for all your love you guys are
unbelievable and that's this so there's
our 360 cam winners guys show some love
for your fellow soldiers these guys yeah
they definitely are you guys honestly
there was a hundred and eleven thousand
good comments so it was really hard to
pay but I think we picked good winners
but why should we give away next I think
you go processions the new GoPros how
many should we get my battery lights
flashing five
no man switch batteries let's just keep
this action what's in this one what's in
this one alright guys we're gonna end
the vlog right now
big thanks to every single person that
participated in this it's incredible to
see your love we're gonna do a new one
this week thumbs are up for the new hero
sessions if you guys want us to do
another set of GoPro Hero sessions give
us a thumbs up that's what I want to do
the camera is sweet I want to give some
out so yeah we will we will we love you
guys thank you for everything we will
see you it's a while smile more baby
I wish you were that
