we're doing it oh that's how you know
I'm gonna wake her up
welcome to the vlog guys I'm starting in
a madhouse today we're trying to arrange
couch is trying to figure out where
we're putting this gigantic Christmas
tree it's big I did this last year and
it took me forever so Brian's here to
help out the girls are over here making
paper airplanes and eating guac sauce so
what seems like a perfectly normal day
right now has actually been mayhem we
have been fighting like crazy on where
these couches are going this is one big
couch right but we had to split it into
two so that we could get one here but
then now you have this I got like OCD
like you know where everything needs to
be like right I do it semester we'd have
a life in order so we brought up Brian
and I carried all the bread Cora is
sleeping bottle bags up we're ready to
get started and this it's just crazy
it's a crazy tree done
what's the morning it's on it trees done
that's section six dude section 6 look
cuz I put it away last year's all mixed
up
section 10 that's a good one
that's your paper airplane yeah that's
like the sky boss whoa you guys need
paper airplane classes we need you for
branch spreading branch spreading power
we need everybody this is what takes so
long as spreading all these little
branches up get out here Brian that cool
game not supposed to light it until it's
done make sure they're all then what
about it it's the way she grew you know
you just never know how the tree is
gonna grow
it's number six so it goes next unless
Brian put the wrong one on it six
oh that's number nine silly dude I bet
that cats gonna take this tree down but
don't even play don't even play no how
can you be light enough you're teaching
him bad habits right now he doesn't care
nitro don't care yours definitely missed
a piece I mean it's in this bag huh
thanks like I'm going in that tree later
won't wait till it's done wait did you
buy my socks I don't want to scratch
your beautiful paint I can just hear it
now wait why didn't last year you move
it over to the rail and put it on that
way no find up and put it on oh you did
wait am i recording Oh sir diggin is not
working
start again we're gonna take the tree
slide it to the balcony you see the
balcony
yeah put this piece on from the balcony
you're genius I came up with that idea
thank you
oh she's gonna make sure it doesn't fall
maybe we just leave it over there
no just put it on you give me the truth
oh please don't fall plan gets smashed
Oh Laurie but you might you guys might
not want to stand right there just in
case the tree goes that way oh my gosh
so beg with you guys now are you gonna
get the top piece on and and plug it in
now she wakes up Cora you missed all the
building action what is that no get
ready for your first Christmas the tree
is up it's a little crooked but it's up
set hop okay you have enough a stop the
big ups get your skinny jeans on boy
let's go get them I'm excited it's
beautiful out
it is like soup you know you see he's
been sticking his tongue out look at him
I'm do it Brett don't do it Brett you
don't want no part of that you don't
want no part of that
oh look flash wants to ride him it does
not feel like winter right now it is
like super beautiful skies are clear and
blue these are all orders going out holy
smokes dude wow that is incredible all
these buckets going out today the girls
came in and work the week you excuse me
girls been working overtime all night
every night this is crazy Christmas rush
and I'm so excited about this we finally
we didn't have it the year before we
didn't have it last year and this year
we finally go take that box let's just
is that 500 I will sign 500 of them I've
already agreed I will do it today what
is an optimist was it abdomen you got
that baby you got it are you sure
here goes Brian see yeah yeah it's like
work work and play here every day
dude you gotta bust a Superman or
something like that you get an air time
at least I like a hand-up or something
like a throw throw a hand go back at the
camera he's gonna throw the hand let's
see if he throws it nah there we go
you threw it that's good accounts that
counts you already put some on you want
to show them let's do it here we go guys
we finally got smile more Christmas
ornaments dude these are so awesome we
should do our whole tree let's do our
whole tree in them it's that time it
said Todd dude we should do our whole
tree just the entire thing so guys we
got Christmas ornaments tons in tons of
Christmas orbits this is 500 I'm going
to sign personally the first 500 order
so if you get a Christmas ornament today
most likely you'll have one signed we're
signing five I'm signing fine when I
have kids want to sign them that's fine
but not gonna make them do it cuz it
takes forever so yeah get you a
Christmas ornament I think you could
double - it's like a hanger for your car
you can hang it from anywhere it doesn't
have to be a Christmas ornament what we
ordered them for Christmas - but once
they came in I was like you can hang
these on anything you can put this
anywhere in your room or whatever so if
you want when you know the drill order
as fast as you can the first 500 will go
very quick and I will sign them for you
guys so hopefully you get one the time
you need one hanging up on your on your
pirate ship here good hanging it out
yeah special delivery there you go it's
the beat Branagh's perfect super pretty
out wow that looks insane what in the
world you know jump in I'll give you $50
are you serious yeah that's almost worth
it that looks freaking freezing it was
frozen this morning good
oh you yelling about mm-hmm you want to
get in you want to get in you don't even
swim when it's summertime that dog look
how fast these cats
found their little cubbyholes dude that
is crazy
they're like equally even on each side
just chillin this Christmas but this is
like party supplies this isn't even
Christmas stuff bows for wrapping
ribbons tape and labels wrapping paper
that looks like Thanksgiving just
finding stuff for the tree going through
Christmas stuff getting that ready
excited for Christmas every time I come
down here to do something I get
distracted with all our old past things
are just everything from photos in this
picture this is not cane all right this
is Noah that is crazy
there's a picture of Britney and I and
little Noah guy kind of looks like King
a little bit hunger so fast man like
that was my little Noah just not long
ago now he's already teenager Brittney
and I tried on some really goofy hats oh
that is oh la la
Britney in a bikini check that out
bikini shirt there's a picture of me
scuba diver I have no idea where but
look at my hair this is one I have long
hair
this is embarrassing look at that hair
do I look like some kind of wild animal
I can't confirm I'd have to ask Brittany
but this is one of maybe the first
photos we ever took together how small
the photo is Lee this right there I
think that was one of our first pictures
together and out it I don't even think
that's me
I got a double check we're gonna call it
a day right now thank you guys for being
here whatever today was putting up
archery that was today thank you guys
for everything will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
small
you
