alright guys so we've just pulled up to
the hotel and don't know what to expect
I just got here to play this lime and
here we go
good morning hahaha I'm totally not
awake yet I think I'm still dreaming I'm
in New York City
maybe yeah we're going to JFK have a
good time in New York yeah it was pretty
friggin awesome we're at the airport
we're headed to Washington DC today I
love you I am trying to wake up snap out
of it today
I think I have some serious allergy
issues going on I didn't expect that in
New York Ohio there's like all the Paul
and another country and Wow look at this
place we got it to ourselves we can make
a little movie right here in the airport
how come Brittany always gets the free
massage I never get a massage on our way
next stop DC DC Dean C Platz my boys
lots of flying in these vlogs lately you
guys tell me if you would rather not see
this
as it is a lot cheers twice just
cranberry juice Brittney's is
I'm married you slice
it'll be on to the right to you
momentarily very rounded in land
currently Washington 82 degrees
touchdown Washington
whoo that is our bag
okay so why are we in DC we are here for
playlist playlist live playlist live is
like an event most of you priority know
what it is but it's like an event for
people like us youtubers liners pretty
much a place to come meet your favorite
yeah your favorite social platform
artist Oh the playlist said they're
sending us a driver
Marcedes Stan
okay so walk out
we're trying to we're trying to get this
done we hit a bit of a tracking finding
on its way
okay ready to get moving
it's beautiful it's hot sunny all this
this is all rod dude I don't think this
is big enough all right
we are off I shall lock them out dang it
this is a place of playlists you may
never see this is called the Batcave
this is where Alex takes you when you
need to get into your hotel privately I
named it the Batcave because you'll you
know Batman yeah it did make me Batgirl
it's legit
it's creepy - I feel like I'm being set
up and right through this area you lose
cell service not exactly perfect why
come out the other end then you get it
back
welcome to playlist blue footprint for
good sticking to the elevators take you
the special guest chickens perfect
there's no green in the entire green
what's your name you Angie and you just
sit here and push buttons for people
oh no I'm taking a picture say cheese
say cheese with do it it's a trigger gun
we have arrived here we go dude they
gave us a survival pack what is in here
oh my yeah nothing
you don't want it what is that
Oh God look it's a beautiful view of
this rooftop the city life and lots of
people don't answer it look yes
who is it
what's that well we know I just put her
shirt back on
that's word on your boy what was it I
said if you win hey Dan I wasn't filming
okay I'm just holding my camera okay
what's all this I'll see you haven't
seen I just oh my boy I got it kid
you're right next to funds that work oh
really you telling you love it
honey alright guys so we're on the move
we're not gonna hang out at playlist
right now we're gonna go check out DC
give you a little tour this place
because there's some cool stuff I got my
man food pass them something I got my
man Alex I got my man Brit I want to
know what your guys thing about this cuz
they'll they'll be honest if they Hagee
what anything by my toenails do you let
me ask you something want me to show I
really do
cuz I really do no fear here we go
no they're the Jerusalem watches oh so
we were really lucky enough to meet up
with this guy Alex he uh he just he just
asked me want to go anywhere call him so
we called him in here he is he picked it
thanks dude that's awesome we're driving
to Cuba right yeah Cuba straight shot
I'm Alex it Brandon we're two doriot
Nando's this is it yeah ask me hard to
get in thanks Alex you sure you don't
want nothin I'll bring you anything you
want
I appreciate the only thing you have
available
okay so we'll just try to smooth it we
can do it we can do it
oh my god we think this is nice
this is great there's just so much
muscle in my shoulder picture yeah yeah
will you take a picture yeah just just
hold it like that
it's Matt isn't that but you're taking
it going yeah it's going it's going
yeah it is okay thank you hey take it
yeah you yeah you got it thank you I've
never I've never been to Nando's but
judging by you and Alex and our driver
everybody was like Chris and OHS we got
to go somewhere here and it's pretty
much you che soldiers know about it
people from the UK I know okay all right
so you guys know about Manos what's the
best thing on the menu I'm gonna try
their wings he says I probably should
because Nando's is known for its
specialties like it just chunks of
chicken so you can go but and all I'm
getting is something I could get at a
bar yeah true I got you I'm still going
away we've been sitting here for 20
minutes waiting on our waitress turns
out you have to order at the counter
totally just mess with it
what are you eating
no told me not to get rings you got a
play to me you made it sound good
everybody did actually we all got wings
Oh Amy how did you get a chest a tit
we're stuffed really stuff we're gonna
go check out some stuff that I've never
seen actually have you guys ever seen
this what you did have you ever been
here yes I've been inside of it you've
been inside the White House I have so I
guess just Brittany and I have never
seen the White House we're gonna go show
you that right now
wait that's the White House really I
thought it'd be bigger than flying a
drone from right here over it why aren't
we doing that because if a brown guy has
to drive a drone sorry guys sorry
you know how fast I'll be deported
double I go back to your country I'm
like this is my country okay so this is
it this is as close as you can get to
the White House
they got drug sniffing dogs yeah
security that's it apparently there's
another side for the White House that is
a better visual so we're gonna check
that the back to back who woulda thought
in fact looks matter I'm more into the
backside anyway
Yeah right it just looks better it is
weird to see this much grass in the
middle of the city there's the
Washington Monument
oh yeah what is that there's the
Washington Monument Oh what cuz I had to
ask I did double check what do I knew
what it was but I know the history of
that ya know the actual history yeah it
is they carved that out of one piece of
stuff I'm talking about the battle that
happened on the fun of it no such a
thrashing neighborhood
not even a single laugh I need to come
out with a book called dad jokes they're
just really bad dad jokes things that
dads say number one bestseller in Ohio
this is your better view this is what
you're talking about you can't go to the
middle if you look close you can see it
hey you gotta go in the middle just in
case you guys do come here to see the
White House I recommend the front not
the back that's my opinion what the back
is bigger but it's too crowded no I
could barely even see it cuz you didn't
go to the middle you were scared of all
the people I couldn't jump the fence the
middle of it so here we are the Lincoln
Memorial there's a big statue of Abraham
Lincoln here this is when I see this I
think of the Transformers movie when
they're fighting out there in the water
places jam and so many people well
probably better experience if you can
walk through but pretty impressive
pretty impressive
they watch the vlogs every day every day
every day
what's my youngest son's name Kane
what's my slogan it's my boy
what's my girlfriend's name Brittany
make it harder well it's getting there
were just this stage one you got went
$500 a night you have vodka Stage two
small more story what else is done her
mom working every day okay okay okay
look this is beautiful this is the best
thing I've seen on this trip yet besides
this yeah I don't you guys can't see it
on camera but there's thousands of
little bugs flying around likes just I
know Athena come yeah what did you guys
think of all the monuments in White
House would you think we walked on it's
a lot of money money that it's a lot of
walking nobody cares about this topic it
was great it was good
no it was really good daddy didn't buy
me ice cream some kind of man
yeah
Oh
get into my room okay we gotta move yes
dude shit okay okay we got we gotta go
we gotta go we all row we'll be back we
met it's like a bunch of animals live
here Oh what happened to you just bailed
on me I did that this smells amazing
everyone's saying that that comes in
does drinks are like it's like Richmond
Ellis smile it's just poop we were
prepping in there oh my gosh Jax you
know that um today's Saturday so I'm two
weeks in one day with no alcohol
am I about to break that I guess I can
still make a drink I just may not drink
it really
yeah to two weeks in one day with no it
does a sip count as drinking okay so you
guys may remember in the past I shot a
very fun rainbow drink with Alex on his
drink channel that he didn't working on
and right today he's got he's got his
portable prank channel rolling right now
am i seed prank or dope righteous right
chance
you said drink the first slice of prank
this I miss pranks so much that I'm
thinking about it
very quickly that's it that's it oh now
Frangelico say well yeah there you go
oh let's top it with some cranberry
juice my favorite pilot and we had a
little bit of red okay that was really
quick Brittany and I just shot a video
each for Alex and Alex when will they be
able to find these videos um I'll put
yourself tomorrow so or today right now
right now it's up okay there you have it
I'll throw in the description for you
guys check it out it's cute it's fun
it's easy it's simple it's fast and then
the next day you'll put - yes
okay there you go and then let's do a
video together
well three what up the third day can i
connect go on youtube we're in last
minute decisions on why are we hungry
all the time man like humans saw I'm
usually hungry but I've never had him
text me and say oh boy it's been bad lad
I'll just eat what is it lo I don't know
does he shit a lot home ah ha ha ha I
feel like you whatever you eat it goes
to my stomach
Chucho throughout what to eat where to
go we don't know the neighborhood we
don't even know where we're at
did you get any of those people did you
say maybe either
anything that's so awkward I just open
the random door that attempt it's really
awesome for playlists to allow us to
walk in the employee area only this is
nobody comes in this part of the hotel
it makes it pretty easy to get around
right it's pretty cool we couldn't touch
pictures of the White House right here
that's nothing
are you sure I'm sorry
Catholic pick her up and give me your
camera move away it's Bowie let's see
something wrong man take a look at this
come here this is like a puzzle it's
like you've seen it there's stairs
everywhere you look she's just a bigger
Cup I can pick up can Boyd here I love
it
it's just too far what's it you know
this is how everyone waited 90 days
didn't get to pick up some motivation go
go go Oh
those who saw this okay we found the
place I think
no no jumbo chop you have all right we
got Alex dull how were my gonna run for
it I'm gonna scream this is what it's
like hanging out with youtuber right
here just in case any place for I'm
trying to find a baby okay
are you trying to find a wife or a
girlfriend she's younger than the age of
18 I we are we are we found a little
place to eat here and earlier we all sat
together
it's very cramped so I don't know how we
ended up with this big giant
laydown seat you just want mommy daddy
daddy's birthday okay
so we're headed to every one of these
events have a lot of parties this is
kind of why I think the whole thing is
designed for all of us to party I'm
going on like two weeks with no alcohol
and I'm being very good very good
Adri pretty can't go one hour without
just kidding just kidding
Oh
oK we've left the party and we are lost
in the back set you have no idea big
these hotels are until you get into the
behind-the-scenes of the hotels and
every door goes to a different hallway
and nobody's here
housekeeping right room doors and
another look at left or right ah I don't
know wait you just follow the exit signs
oh that's a great idea
so it is um it is 120 a.m. and I have to
go find a box fan because I cannot sleep
without when I went up the hotel
oh never go to sleep alright pick a door
any door door I can see that everything
Hey we got to make this quick I got a
lot of editing to do hello my friend I
need to find a Walgreens
Oh like a CVS okay whatever you think's
quick I don't know if your house oh I'm
back in Chinatown they have a Walgreens
24 hours baby don't let us down okay
they did not have a fan I'm starting to
freak out this is a terrible habit to
have I cannot sleep without a fan
like a box fan some type of noise breeze
everything really drives me nuts that's
really cool yeah can I have housekeeping
can we just get any sort of a fan oh
this is a serious problem for me that I
have to get over like I think what is I
really loud ringing of the ears it's
called tinnitus where when I'm in a
quiet room it rings really love and all
I can hear is ringing in my ears so the
fan helps me not hear that I see it's
really weird
thank you I wonder if anybody any of you
guys have that ringing in the ears like
hissing ringing all right guys it's 2:00
in the morning I'm gonna tough it out I
know it sounds so stupid you're probably
laughing at me because it is pretty
ridiculous
ahh but I'm gonna try to edit this vlog
and get up early we got to meet up and
the panel it's basically where we go out
on stage and talk to people I'll put in
the vlog so it should be pretty cool
that's it for today love you guys so
much thanks for all the support and love
on these vlogs and see you tomorrow well
be keep a big smile on your face your
beautiful smile
I jump in
Roman you gave me such a nice tour of
Ohio I thought I should reciprocate by
showing you New York City
