what's up guys
today's the promised day I'm pulling a
public prank I had to uh dust my camera
off we're starting to look pretty old
what's up buddy
alex is coming I got Christian helped me
film two cameras two actually three
because we're gonna try out that new
GoPro I gotta check this thing out
freakin wicked I can just set to say
anywhere so we'll try it maybe I'll use
it maybe I want all right guys you asked
for it man look at this setup holy crap
is it dumb to walk around in public with
this thing no it looks like a pretty
serious good yeah that's dumb idea so I
study I ride actually because I'm gonna
be out in streets with a paintball gun
people don't mind people in the streets
of guns so you guys asked for a crazy
public prank here I am and the middle
broad daylight in a public parking lot
trying to pretend like I'm shooting cars
with paintball guns guys this is this is
uh I don't know it's funny because I'm
not doing anything wrong but it looks
bad like on camera it looks bad so here
I am I think after this shot we're going
to wait for someone to pull into one of
these areas and when they come out I'm
gonna get up but it just takes forever
they're setting up cameras and after
this I think I'm moving to a private
area like an alley or I don't know this
is just crazy to me I don't like doing
this in public
um you're doing it you're just filming
yeah it just looks there's no way to
make like this like even though it's a
paintball gun you're still holding an
object up and it looks bad I think it
looks bad I don't know if it actually
does nobody said anything I've been out
there a while nobody said anything
I'm just being paranoid
I don't want it anymore good I'm not
even kidding I don't know how you did
that
this poor guy did I just was trying to
shoot his car with his gut this gun he
runs over to get me and physics were
like totally not on your side no it
wasn't man so you thought I was shooting
your car hell yeah fucking shoot my car
man I was thinking I gotta get some luck
I gotta get to you but I gotta jump over
the damn thing hmm have you ever seen
anything like it
do you know I was crying nothing good
you got I didn't understand what
happened the more you threw me off about
trying to prank you and then I see he
hits this hits this chain chain and like
jumps for me but reverses and I'm like I
just I lost my whole character I was
like you're a good sport and any notice
I wasn't paying his cars so good that
was a good one see if I could just get
reactions like that every day right okay
I know that did it yeah yeah you are the
greatest human being on the planet
this lady oh my god it would you think
what's happening I thought she was
freaking paper on my car to fix me up I
paid it insurance on that you don't pay
insurance on that don't touch my car I'm
like we know that oh my got you hands
down
can kick my ass she she she can be mine
Hey look that just a little bit thanks
for being a good sport in the end of the
day I know you were mad but sometimes we
got make you mad make you happy all
right enjoy your free car wash thank you
all right guys here's the premise
paintball gun with no paintballs
shooting at people's cars it's so such a
good idea
I've almost got beat up by one lady
already and she could clearly beat me up
I think she did a little bit already my
neck does hurt
so here's the thing you can't be
shooting paintball guns out in public
too much especially in LA so we're here
in Christians alleyway right here and
we're getting ready set up and just wait
for a car to come by I'm gonna
just improv early yet so dumb hi we're
done started to paintball guns now we
have one way to go dude no not my fault
he has let me get the paintball gun
taken why don't you stop the car
dudes took our primo wrong how do you
paintball gun out here it was looking a
kid I'll buy you a better one I think
was only shooting have huh have you
upgrade okay well we got enough footage
I think maybe three four reactions
that's it so you know this one history
it's ridiculous that's what it is the
guy wait do you see the guy jumping over
the chain funniest thing I've ever seen
dude so here's what I got today
one nice gnarly scratch - I had to jump
a wall and then I got a giant blister on
my foot that's just from Nishat without
the bruised ego what do you mean like
shut up dude it was a big girl did this
every single time I do a break
everyone's bigger than me I'm a small
guy sweet truck and my back hurts
she got me in the neck
right in the weirdest spot it just feels
funny out I'm such a mess I go it's not
like if I'm going to keep doing pranks I
need to go to the gym she's got the
little place called public school and I
know I get it I get it
everything looks like school stuff like
the napkins are it's a beer study guide
they got a CDC planner great this is
great guys what is that are you filming
me yeah
I've got the monix tell me what it is
throw it is I'm doing that so it's just
a burger patty applewood smoked bacon
and then a habanero camp for this Dallas
peanut butter and jelly
it is edition of the hitch we're going
to try it out it's a peanut butter jelly
burger with bacon yeah and if you know
yeah I don't know what this is it I
don't know what this is
aw it's dripping all over your crotch
all right I never had peanut butter and
jelly on a cheeseburger but it's really
good that the real peanuts got real
peanuts in it excellent
you mentioned driving that around this
is it it's this the free bus we are
headed down to like 3rd Street is
however gone pretty much thought that
we're going out of each tell you ok
let's go down the beach let's do it
3rd street students when we head down to
shoot a fun video for Alex where
basically we have public the public dare
us to do things I don't know what to
expect actually on this and I don't know
how you talked me into it beyond I know
you just you film the video for me today
so if you're obligated to do this so
let's do it subscribe to have some fun
hey man I don't think you guys are gonna
fit what's up she shut me out hey yo my
name is a shut the window look how close
Oh
Oh Santa Monica get ready for that so
how are you I'm gonna put you in my vlog
okay sure my brother loves you is this
your brother he's a good actor
he's my brother yeah it's like he acts
like he did you're in the vlog you're in
the vlog bro come here dude oh you guys
are awesome I can't believe your mom let
you watch my stuff alright nobody can
ever answer this when I put them on the
spot what's your favorite video
whether your life with your family like
how you communicate with your oh you
like the blogs yeah oh cool all right
put your my vlog yeah we all like what's
up what were you from I'm from kuwait
kuwait me deli squid sir oh man you guys
come a long way okay place is so busy
what is it
Wednesday night yeah Wednesday night
this is a Wednesday holy cow
I actually have a lot of fun I feel like
like back in the day when I just did
stupid stuff on camera that's pretty
much what I mean I always do stupid
stuff on here but I mean like that's
what we do right now yeah we're just
we're just goofing off we got a mic and
a camera we're just having fun that's
pretty much it hey I see someone let's
go
yes sir how are you man yeah what's up
what's up guys and put you in the vlog
she posed let me see let me see look at
this give me ah that's awesome I love it
let's do it thank you nice medium high
security yeah Tennant didn't didn't
didn't didn't oh he did in the face
oh all right guys look back at Alex's
Mall of America and we're really really
not that exciting right now I'm riding
on this I don't know what these things
are called but I'm really addicted to it
it's a lot of fun once you get used to
it it's just like your mind just does it
meet the Jetsons I have to fly out early
morning back to Ohio back to my little
family and I'm excited about that
not that I haven't enjoyed your time
dude I've enjoyed your time I just I
gotta go you know I mean so see ya I
hope they let me in the airport with
this all right guys I'm actually gonna
in this vlog Alex dude yeah thank you
for letting me stay with you
thank you for filming today I think we
did a very very fun video for you guys
berry very classic very old-school as
promised I told you guys my next prank
would be public so I did it was really
really funny so hopefully it is you guys
can yeah
that's it guys I'm going to go ahead and
edit the vlog laptops freakin dead I'll
play them gonna edit the blog gonna be
up at like I leave here at 6:00
something in the morning dude
that's I need that I hate early mornings
and I'm the worst when I was a kid I was
the early bird of the family I was
always up now
I think it's night time it's vlogging
that's changed my entire schedule it's
crazy but that's all we got hope you
guys ready for the new prank we will see
you tomorrow back in Ohio keep a big
smile on your face you're freaking
awesome
smart one now I'm still in LA hey I want
to show you somebody yeah I want to show
you somebody yeah
hang on let me take you to him
