hey hey my friends what's up what's up
buddy what's up I don't mean to put you
on the spot like that I'm on I'm on that
today one of the reasons I actually came
to LA this week was for today very big
meeting that I hopefully will be taking
you guys along with and right now I'm
gonna go try to get some new converse
cuz these are getting pretty rough not
really that exciting right now go here
with my sister ash and thank you so much
for getting the water is that one mine
or the Geordie drink out of that one
Oh Santa Monica how do you do it but you
can use my phone here to use my phone so
embarrassing what you guys think hides
off or low top this is what I wear now
like this I kind of like these I say low
topic you're wearing shorts and high top
you Angie I know but almost never we're
sure let's get high top yeah I might try
these what's your name my name is Marie
I'm from Sicily Mert watches all the way
from Switzerland yeah you guys want you
to do sorry you have YouTube there no no
no wait thanks yo sorry sorry sorry man
I'm just uh that's awesome dude thank
you so much thank you to get were you
from Germany Germany
nobody's from here this is my yeah yeah
you watch Rick what's your favorite
video the video oh and you got long I
don't even know which one they're all
good man I'm always so blown away by
people that come up from a whole other
country that watch like that's crazy to
me yeah but you send me to stories I
 love you or the hell are you are
you where are you from
um come on be honest be honest I was a
fairy mom from Bay Area and then I moved
to San Diego were you originally from
area
Bay Area yeah San Jose San Jose Jose San
Jose was it wife and your kid wife I
don't know why I thought you were fan
jeez
would you you guys aren't ready no no no
come here babies you miss me or what Oh
get me all slobbery all right guys all
over the little high top kind of a
little medium I've actually never won
these but these are the same shoes Kane
has so I figured I'd match my little boy
all right dude be honest were you think
it is shirt look it's it's a lot of
color it's but today's a big day for me
it's a morning special shirt blind dude
it's a lion oh no my brother got it for
me not you really like it I think that's
actually China you guys can't tell in
the camera but it has this weird like
out-of-focus look to it no no no I don't
think they can it looks really sharp in
your camera oh it looks really cool
however you like all right guys I got to
jump into a very big meeting this is a
distribution meeting for our movie so
hopefully after this meeting I can give
you some good news so I probably won't
bring the camera in here I'll see in a
second three hours later we are back man
I wish it was something I can tell you
so much meeting so much talking so much
work God how do I say this uh we've got
an awesome movie coming out guys it's
gonna be worth the way uh for now
there's not much I can say it is coming
out hopefully this year there is talk of
it being released next year though so
this is a big deal for us and it's just
a lot of time a lot of efforts a lot of
people big companies involved I mean
it's legit it's like the real deal so
I'm really excited of course as soon as
I know you'll know thanks guys
hi Keane
am i yeah i'm still in LA hey i want to
show you somebody yeah i want to show
you somebody yeah hang on let me take
you to him who's that
sit down sit down sit he said I Harvey I
can no longer complain about gas prices
especially for premium 519 please it's
got to stop
I can't even fill up my tank because it
stops at 100 you can't put on more than
$100 in your gas tank here oh my god did
you need to get something that doesn't
drink so much gas yeah that's what I
want do that you don't you look real
good in a Prius boy magic what was that
guys all right so Alex and I on a quick
little adventure apparently Best Buy has
the new GoPros which I'll be surprised
you said to do it also says they'll send
me a confirmation that I should go pick
them up and I never got that ah
and we're gonna go look for that real
quick
keep the yoga Road oh it's been a long
day without you my friend but you know I
talk about it when ice why are you
taking my church so was such a bad job
well do these lights would look sick in
your place
the LEDs that's actually new TVs you are
so funny it's supposed to look like the
window that's not actually doesn't all
right guys we got it that thing is bad
to the frickin bone that's a pranking
machine right there no one's gonna see
that it's just look I mean good grief I
love it can't decide what I want to do
with mine actually see Alex and I both
want actually you want both only thanks
for letting me borrow one see because I
spent I lost $406 on my hotel that's
what was cost and he bought me this to
make up for it yeah not songline so each
we each got one and I can't decide what
I want to do with one man I was I'm not
even kidding a toy Alex today I might
just go down to Santa Maria and the
first real friend walks up to me I was
gonna give away or I'm gonna beat the
bejesus out of it just I mean just beat
it to death or just use the camera it's
me
ah my brain is ruins everything will it
blend will it blend
come on blender okay they're open this
is gonna be new for me
hi how are you pretty good we're I'm
excited I've never been here first time
my first time he loves it and uh it's
our first date yeah oh you cook your own
food whoa this is cool okay so
apparently you cook your own food I like
that that's cool that's cool and then
just get any of this stuff you can get
any it comes in a giant blender it's
like raw you cook it on your grill I
wish I was hungry I'm like nah huh how
privacy off your plate no this is beep
beep brisk it looks actually really good
it looks like candy like fruit roll-ups
or group on the foot it just eat it like
that I'm sure it'll taste just like
I'm sorry what's your names again
Thailand Thailand Jack where you guys
from
I am sure and you just flew up hang out
these cats awesome well is this your
first time in a Korean yes we got all
kinds of crazy stuff guys I don't know
if this is tofu soup brisket obviously
is normal like I can get this that's
normal but the coolest things is cooking
the food which Alex doesn't let anybody
else do I must say it like this this is
good amazing oh my god nothing like some
dessert after a hearty me up due to
better it says open
oh are you closed for real yeah actually
could I give you a sure yeah Oh smells
like fish in here when you're all closed
up man I don't want to I don't want to
make you have to open this stuff all
this is done so what's the easiest thing
to make for you because I don't want to
I don't want it to be hard we didn't
want so you can just scoop it that's
fair enough fair enough
this is the newest prank tool man look
at imagine just going into the store and
be like Boop boom you never know you're
filming nobody would ever know you're
filming look at that you guys don't even
know you're being filmed right now I
really messed up on it by an SD card so
I can't even play with my GoPro
I didn't bring ha did it you know what
guys I'm just gonna be straightforward
with you I didn't have much of a blog
today man you know what really sucks is
that you guys watch these vlogs to get
all the Intel and all the details about
my life and I can't share it with you
because I don't have any info well you
just like today I was so excited to
share like new movie updates yeah I got
nothing like I got nothing sucks I want
to share with you honest I know alex has
a crazy amount later oh my god man
no wonder you're not around
no wonder what it said no wonder you're
not around
yeah no wonder you're not allowed around
preschools
are feeding it was a terrible joke I
couldn't say alright guys thanks for
hanging out with me today it's really
all I got stupid meeting ate up half my
day and I'm just doing the best I can
here I'm gonna edit now tomorrow morning
we're gonna get up and shoot a public
prank finally I promised you guys my
next prank would be a public prank so
I'm taking you along a pretty crazy wild
idea that I have
it should be fun and that's it
I'm I bang this out get some sleep and
we will see you tomorrow man give me a
thumbs up today for a public prank I'm
excited I hope you guys are too I love
you thanks for all the support see them
all smile my give me big man daddy loves
you hey you're my best friend right
Eskimo kiss butterfly kiss
