hey hey guys what's up I dude hey I'm
packing running ragged we were about to
get smashed by a storm guys like it's
making news it's so bad I don't know it
looks okay I don't believe this this is
a picture of my cousin Adam is this last
night or today last name this is what 40
minutes from us 30 minutes from us look
at this that's him up to his knees and
water they are kayaking down his Street
oh no I am off today to a place that is
in a serious drought and here we are
just getting pounded by rain I feel bad
leaving you guys today I don't want to
okay here we go we're on the move just
yesterday's vlog up everything so last
minute right now my life it's just
starting to rain
our little boys just about out get some
sleep little man
and this is going to be this is gonna be
one the first that was the last time we
separate we were separated we're
side-by-side on every single day every
single day I what we do is together
it's like a
attach the dipole and don't label myself
it used to be that's how it the only way
we can do it
teamwork makes the dream work
hey big dog give me bigger
daddy loves you hey you're my best
friend right Eskimo kiss butterfly kiss
I love you little mommy oh you take care
of our boy see super said five Mr
Attwood I love you you better call me
okay okay hey oh no should we do it
later okay
I love you guys so much hi guys will see
you in a couple days we love you so much
we'll see you guys soon oh my gosh guys
traveling by myself today this is where
we travel everywhere together you guys
know that so I gotta make a quick trip
to LA and we just figured it was best
Britain stays with the kids
tell you what man I'll tell my girl I
was fine we can take a picture
it should flash
the see what
you can smorgasbord there was a lotion
yeah hey hahaha nice meeting you bro
thank you alright guys we made it to Los
Angeles baby busy as always one of my
most loyal and honest friends is on his
way to get me it's actually a really
funny story I'll tell you about it with
him when he gets
I love watching everybody look at me
like why is he talking to bootcamp
dude what is uh I feel really glue and
like an idiot all the same time no I
think their area
we were waiting across the street nice
it's all about handle Babu dude that is
awesome
I love it alex is here to get me on his
how we gonna get home on that dude well
I said one of these platforms do you
send the other one and we just balance
it out is that possibly hug is it pop
should we try it right now why do you
want to wait you know let's do it right
now okay alone this is this is sweet can
you even do it by yourself yeah I'm good
it's not
at each other and
as it works both ways
oh yeah watch
can you do it it's too much traffic and
I suck at it
thanks dude your walk awesome there's
actually a funny story cuz last night he
said what time to get into Los Angeles I
was like 6:40 I got a hotel and he's
like stay with me then I was like why
why would you pay for a hotel we could
flock together what are you gonna do you
don't have your family here this for our
family she wasn't that God talking about
family it's okay it's happening far are
you gonna fork no no it's a Ferrari is
dangerous yeah yeah so while I canceled
my hotel cost before I lost $406 - amber
C what $406 deposit gone so I can stay
with this clown huh but have some fun
that's all I gotta say
we're gonna do fun things like arts and
crafts alright it's the next morning
look at that sunrise did we got
breakfast I'm totally kidding we got a
haven't eaten start what is this jerk
chicken is my plantains plantains
thanks for 14 no I got a plan team huh
what's a plan team that take like a
banana
oh it's like a mushy well it's an
actually just a bigger banner that they
took right banana Joshua does size
matter
he likes the big bananas that's what I'm
trying to say alright guys anybody guess
what I have to do since I've just
arrived do you know what I have to do oh
yeah I told you that
are you making fun of my fans like I
just I said it's not a box it's not a
boxing all right all right fans sleepers
fans sleepers how nice is the sound of a
box
I'm almost fall asleep thinking about it
even do you think this makes look the
Vornado it 800 men it's all our hair
confused because I didn't show this in
the vlog but I had to build this whole
thing for big base to be stretch what is
this why is there extra pieces base
stuff oh yeah I'm gonna build it legit
right if we're gonna come from miles to
see this fan this thing is the best I
don't get guys here we go that's high
RV dude this dog is getting so big guys
like this role that's just one piece oh
no yo what's up yo what's up yo Harvey
what up dawg yo you just like your dad
yeah camera guys the camera does not
justify the size of this dog it really
doesn't move it let nut bit I thought
yeah Thank You Lea you got it you got it
high five high five high school
yeah yeah
oh hey dude I just want to thank you for
giving me a room tonight
no problem Casa for but expressly 400
bucks tonight to sleep in the kitchen
yeah Wow I'm sure you guys have bet free
for the new viewers I will be sleeping
in the kitchen right here into this
cabinet oh I will say this is the
coolest room ever I've never been in my
house a little room like this is so so
awesome secret room now the first time I
stayed in here there was these little
metal bunk beds might be a finding the
fall guys with somewhere that was a long
time ago dude if you even had to move it
was commitment it was like you were not
going to the bathroom of your the other
bathroom you know you just pee in the
bed all right guys this like honestly
all I got free today I got my little fan
I'm missing my family already I'm such a
baby now man I used to always travel by
myself now it's like feels weird if you
don't have a minute I gotcha I get you I
gotcha but look at this look holy crap
guys are you serious if you have one
minute
go share one of your favorite vlogs I've
ever made maybe maybe yesterday's long
was your favorite maybe last week's was
your favorite go share one of them
any of them let's see if we can get this
over three mil I'm like blown away by -
shot man I can't believe thank you guys
man even if you don't share the vlog
thank you guys this is amazing it's
truly amazing we'll see you guys
tomorrow
thank you so much keep a big smile on
your face be positive man don't let
nothing get you down you're amazing
smile more oh my god I make it so slick
yeah yeah yeah it doesn't know what to
do this thing go down
hey lay on your belly hold on here
