oh he gets a retry cuz there was
something on the track dirty track hey
hey my friends today we are trying to
figure out okay go up you don't got it
today we're trying to figure out who's
got it
who doesn't got it in the 2015 Atwood
living room so yeah that's it
Booya yeah so these are the guys that
have made it these guys have not made it
all - for - baby what's up mama you're
just in time
we're separating the good cars from the
bad cars and running out real fast to
pick up my boy we are actually probably
stupidest idea I ever thought of we're
about to have a giant bonfire tomorrow
it's been raining like 25 out of 30 days
here in Ohio so probably a really stupid
idea but isn't that what I do come up
with stupid ideas no my surprise all
right let's get some pallets my man
times in it just like little time so
we're gonna have a fire
in 21 to 223 at $5 a piece that'll be
now we're gonna have a fire this is
gonna be awesome so we are of course I
just couldn't have a regular bonfire I
have to have a big full pan I'm probably
gonna get two truckloads cuz I mean what
am I going to burn a couple sticks yeah
kind of luck out because my parents
factory always has tons of pallets
because all the shipments that come in
and out so I'm always actually able to
go get these at any time super fun for
bonfires look how fast you oh that's
pretty fast hey morning ducking pallets
oh my gosh we're gonna have some fun see
this muscle baby that's 300 pounds right
there
you ready have a big fire it's gonna be
fun we gonna light it up boy Wow just in
time dude it just started raining what's
the odds that we can even have a fire
it's been you guys not to tell you oh my
gosh poop on a stick I don't even know
if it's possible I'm on fire it's
raining again what the heck are you
doing what are you doing right now with
yourself you're sitting in a sink yeah
she sits like this whole time she's
about to go get everything we need for
this bonfire you know if this bombard
haven't gonna be left with the tungsten
supposed to be hot and sunny and hot and
sudden
yeah covered up the one I didn't cover
up the wood I will make wood burn
don't worry doll that wet or dry I'll
burn just won't stop man it's relentless
well mommy and Dale's wife decided to
leave the kids here with me and Dale
just got here sawing leaves a little bit
I just made what digit into tinder
I just made some honey barbecue chicken
homemade from scratch right out of the
box out of freezer I'm told you guys
know my brother always brings the cool
toys he just stopped by he's actually
inside and I'm gonna steal this wise and
literally this freakin adult Power
Wheels big wheels whatever this is
called
you totally supposed to slide it's a leg
eater it's a leg eater show me how it's
done
Big D in this way
tear it up 360 is tough I've seen it
done really I never seen no 360 before
you gotta have some speed you'd have to
be flying dude fine
no cuz the wheels don't reverse Crete
yeah if we put tape oh yeah what you get
your bread it don't look like you got
anything we need oh my gosh look at all
this junk junk junk junk Oh some
strawberries okay okay this is how you
plan for a bonfire guys this is just
preparation when you have friends come
over you gotta feed them you got to
preschool learning canes already at
preschool learning man kids getting old
look at that son awesome yeah
great magazine Maya dude mom all shot
this yesterday grandma I had her
shooting it
okay hitting every time every single
shot yeah you're shooting high I got to
get the flame coming out of that thing
Taiyo 17 rounds I'm out ha ha are we on
this thing on screen shot oh ok guys so
you should have got a full paper cut the
cameras on it here on the shot
this isn't this is how we rigged things
around here since we're silly on and
since we don't have I don't really have
a blog today I really don't um no
excuses here but we find out the boys he
I hung out with the boys while you were
gone what's the end the vlog it seems
like she just was here and then she was
here again but it was like out she went
she went with Dale's brother to get
everything for our giant bonfire
tomorrow wait aren't you Dale's brother
yeah you know it with Dale's life that's
why I said anyways last week I told you
guys I was gonna do a Q&A I didn't so I
figured right now is a really good time
since I don't have anything to entertain
you guys with so let's do it let's do it
okay I'm ready I just asked you on
Twitter right now first what do you
think the first response is but what are
you getting married it is but Ahmed said
um it said when are you getting married
that's like the most common question
actually it's the probably the most
popular comment I wonder why I do that
stupid Oh when are we getting married
how come you propose we see that there's
a light oh no no that's the that's the
answer what do you want a really you
know that you better you said it like
you knew like you don't think I didn't
say whoa
hey okay what do you think the second
question is yes Emily you're really
gonna just leave me hanging and I don't
have an answer we will be something
creamy and Merry I didn't know I think I
I think that it's very possible that
right no no no listen he always tells me
all the time if he has more than two
beers he's ready to marry me
mm-hmm bang on beers all right let's
move on let's move on guys we don't know
that answer that I wish I did yeah me
too
I bet you do are we gonna have another
baby are we gonna have another baby
well how are we gonna get married do we
have to Amanda all right I mean
technically no but you just still hasn't
haven't lot answered the last question
she's really stuck on this for a while
my little quick here and there right now
she's she's just wrapped you guys thanks
a lot next time next time I'm gonna post
don't ask when we get married we can
actually have a real Q&A you just have
like there's so many no it's just
depends on the day if I want to have
another kid
and another kids act no are we gonna
have another baby
probably yeah um yeah I plan on your
iPhone do I plan to I mean I made it
taste okay as a team effort I mean I
can't have a baby don't like ha I think
I think the real answer is yes we plan
to but if it happens it happens
we're not trying not to have a baby and
we're not like out try not maybe let's
move on guys
can you help me out on cue okay probably
we're trying we're trying to in the next
year if not we're trying to have another
baby I'm just too embarrassed to say we
haven't had one yet that's it a big toe
for a nose or noses for toes be a big
Kim sicko for nose or noses for toes
oh oh she's asking if you'd rather have
a big toe on your nose and noses on your
toes definitely noses on my Cubs cuz I
can always our shoes imagine to be up in
my face like all your poles it's not
like I put my feet in your face I can't
look I can't wait we actually went with
that that's ridiculous
nose for toes nose for tub yeah but then
you have a toe on your nose no you have
my nose on your toes listen I don't want
a toe alignment for my nose oh my nose I
don't know what to say
when was the last time you tried
something for the first time give you
this little balls last night
Hannie my god she's actually talking
she's actually talking about the
sauerkraut balls we had at the
restaurant last night um yeah you did
I'm proud of you for trying new food I
actually was the first time I tried it
so I'm sure anything new today yeah he
lifted all those pallets I was like the
truck I am man
like that's man stuff like man dude I
know yeah
first I mean answering this question is
the first time I've never answered that
first that question so technically I
don't know girl it's most guys do this
girls or guys do you feel like on that
ice pay attention literally when he's on
it's found her computer I could do
anything anything in the world he wants
it I could literally we're all guilty of
it well I'm not I'm at least how much
how many guys how many girlfriend you're
on your phone right and she's talking to
you you can hear you know she's talking
about how many of you are on your phone
and as soon as she's done talking she
says what did I just say I need to start
filming this no I just get the camera
and ask me what did I just say nine
times out of ten I have no idea what
yeah yeah it's crazy these phones like
and then when you do think that you know
what I said it's not what I just said
I'm not so bad I'm just like something
about do you want toast and you'll say
just something completely different
what are you talking about if you could
be any celebrity for one day who would
you be it's a celebrity oh not manly man
palate
can you guys give me a shout-out in the
blog who's that
call us me I'm just trying to shout out
mindful talk what is your perfect day hi
perfect day oh my god every day's been
odd pretty good what's your perfect day
my perfect day and you guys have seen
this many times me you both the boys on
more than pretty islands nothing to do
but play in the sand
snorkel in the water being the Sun like
that is like picture-perfect out of a
book that's my perfect day man like that
is that's pretty me yeah I want to do it
right now
yeah we live in Ohio so to go to them
places where it's sunny and beautiful
are it it is it it means something like
a lot like when we like California it's
always sunny so you don't really
appreciate that sunshine what was your
worst haircut my worst idea oh I think
it was like sixth grade or seventh grade
everybody had the bowl cuts it's like
everything was shaved but your hair was
long and you could pull it back into
like ponytail
yeah that's probably my worst haircut
really yeah I had all my got in a
ponytail I was a picture yeah I had just
the one that was just like this it is
like a foot oh it was just and it bang
but it sure it like went back and
stopped here sounds awesome what has
been UN Romans favorite vacation since
you've been together
um favorite vacation since we've been
together
holiday vacation uh what is it witness
or without the kids just our since we've
been together
mine is Aruba okay uh I will say Aruba
just me and you
that was hands down on my head but as a
family I think our little trip we took a
little trip to st. Thomas we I came home
from filming one day it was late at
night and I was like book of next flight
out to st. Thomas the islands and we
left at like 5:00 in the morning the
next day and we left like 40 that was
amazing yeah
that was like really hard to do we
literally didn't leave the beach Kenya
sick he's puking on me it was I don't
know it's just like one of them family
things that still it's on the poor man
like that's my first sip of lies
no st. Thomas the room is too but uh no
the st. Thomas poison it's like that and
we didn't get any views at all it's like
right when I started I can't drink the
water when we got there what's your
biggest fear losing you baby
hmm well wasn't my baby oh I just hit
the top and it scrolled all the way to
the top do you remember your first pet
you first head we I do we had a cat
named midnight all black cat Oh black
every day yeah you know what's funny my
favorite Forest Cat was a cat named
thumper he was all black he had a white
patch here he lived he used to sleep in
my crib when I was born oh that's not
safe yeah well this was an 80s man can
do whatever you want the 80s
sleeping my crib when I was born my
parents got him before I was born
and he died when I was 21
what sorry okay
twenty-one yeah I love him to death but
Tommy died he was just a mass it was it
was like it was sad but it was like we
were thankful he was finally able to
call it quits what's that one funny joke
what's the kid you got a funny joke
where the kid says it's 21 you can't
died okay wait what is this skill you
would like to learn and why mmm
you know it's really weird I've always
want to learn how to play the piano but
I've never done it and I know I can't
play at all I don't know it's here it's
like something you can do by yourself
and it's relaxing and maybe 100 like
that old gap why not
Oh is there any other talents I'd like
to be good like I I think maybe
everybody wants to play the piano nobody
just wants to take the time to learn
it's super teet like the heart and then
people are just gifted at it some people
are just born to do it
like you can't Wow nice expression if
you if you need your own video game what
would you call it and what would the
game play or floppy okay I got it
it would be like no I got this if I had
to be your name for e it would be like
this little Italian gun I need I'm like
this big black mustache okay and kind of
I think the first one should start kind
of like 2d like flat and he should have
a partner maybe blot his name will be
able eg okay next question
what's the most romantic thing I've done
for you I remember this time this is a
truce three years years ago back in our
poor days this girl
I came into the house I came into the
house one night this girl put his little
floaties you know this little like uh
you get like a bag of them he like a bag
of them for like three dollars like 50
candles she filled the entire bedroom
complete in the house I real I wrote I
love you candles the whole house was lit
I thought it was a house fire when I
told him that's a true story
no yeah that was awesome that was you
know every anniversary wasn't it oh your
University and maybe you know the most
romantic thing you've done for me you
bought me this promise ring mm everyone
asks about this yeah this range pretty
cool ramen got this for me it's a
promise ring I like one year it was our
one-year anniversary you got me that
it's classy it's only six years old six
years old and still in like maybe uh
things got three dimes no I love it
you know how hard it was for me to buy
that I don't number the cost but it was
$300 so much
I remember you tell you because I about
crapped my pants but you said that one
that's right hmm I guess we don't we a
lot here that was fun a lot of fun
actually it did yeah I mean you're
getting more nurse than I've already
asked themselves why we're still
watching this and I just I just know it
hey no no wait last question okay how
did you decide Caine's name do you want
to tell them who you stole it from you
mean stole it you stole that from the
wrestler
no never knows if we got it from the
wrestler pain yeah King oh boy I
remember dealing Jess's brother when
they were pregnant with Conrad dad three
names it was Conrad Cain and something
else he said if you don't name your kid
that I'm named Emma I did you don't name
her kid Kane I'm gonna take it and they
did it they named her kid Conrad we
named her skank but I literally tried to
talk you out it put for three months it
fits him so well no it does but
literally when I was pregnant of telling
people all we're gonna name him Kane I
can enable like blah blah blah all right
all right we gotta get going all right
well it's getting late
that's all we got for you today super
fun day tomorrow big day it's gonna be
more we've been planning this for a
while it's gonna be big it's gonna be no
I'm tired of hyping up flaws it's a vlog
I'm gonna I'm gonna film what I'm doing
should we prank ever
oh wait I feel like some people watches
no they're already here by the time this
is up so you can get away with it but
nah no no I don't fight no more I'm
retired
that's not true we love you guys if you
enjoyed the cue and I please tell us
we'd love to do more we just sometimes
feel like it's so boring for you guys I
don't know tell us it's like you a smash
the thumbs up button for us ask this
more questions later
Apollo's Twitter is where we post Q&A
stuff so if you want to know always
follow us on Twitter
shameless plug right there doing a Q&A
Q&A Q&A anyway I still got ear plugs in
my pocket from you know what I mean who
just ears yeah okay so we love you we'll
see you tomorrow
smile more baby hey I'm a handsome one
check check check check check and I'm
supposed to hit that thing right out
yeah aim for the little target I'll
probably hit the son of M don't eat the
slide I hit the slide Oh
