hey hey guys I'm on my feet today
barely I'm on my feet though hey you
won't go get you won't go with me are
you gonna ride your dirt bike now come
on come with me you can't ride that by
yourself I mean you can't write it
without daddy here say we'll be right
back hey love you be safe I love you
right if you guys have been following
the vlogs last few days then you know
that I've been beyond sick I've been
stuck in bed all of yesterday Britney
saved me by blogging yesterday excuse me
and I'm still very off I'm very off very
weak you can hear me my throat's swollen
a little bit but I'm up I'm out of bed
but I can't promise you a full exciting
vlog today this is this is my daily life
right here this is it
today was that whole bucket of popcorn
what the heck's a bucket of popcorn
doing in the her
we are already back home I had to go to
the DMV because I realized that actually
print me realized today the tags on our
vehicles expired back in May on my
birthday so we've been driving around
all our vehicles with the expired tags
except the GTR and it expires in
September
you guys got to remind me in September
to get tags and you know every single
year I just go months and I don't even
realize there's so many things going on
in my brain I don't even know that my
freaking tags are spreading and get
pulled over spend a ton of money on a
ticket sucks if you guys remember
yesterday's vlog Brett has been out here
weeding and fixing the house looks nice
you're killing it you know what is that
it's a pile of poopie
Oh what it is it's frigging bushing
pulled all that crap out of here gain we
gotta clean up this mess my blue car
expired in 2014
oh my gosh I'm so out of it I thought it
was going straight into the trees but he
caught it huh I start building ramps
yeah
way to go in fun on my moon
hey you're gonna beat me you're gonna be
me
so I'm the king king king the king not
of drilling I've grilling but leaving my
grill on all night killing propane tanks
one after another I get one good meal
and then I kill the tank because one of
these knobs gets left just like that
totally sucks man anyway I'm not sure
how accurate these are but supposedly I
guess that means there's nothing on
there when you hang the tank up
it shows full then as it gets lighter
pulls down to empty you never seen that
you didn't know that oh well I guess
that's how our house it's explaining
them how many times I leave the propane
tanks on oh I guess I was you don't want
to Dinn it up one of our viewers named
Dylan sent us an amazing vinyl decal
it's huge
thanks Dylan for the sticker I'm not
gonna put it on my gt-r though I know
you wrote on the letter that it would
fit on the spoiler you can swim not
gonna put it on the GTR but I will find
an awesome spot for this this is great
thank you are you beating up on woody
I'm gonna put him on the grill let's put
him on the grill let's make him talk oh
mama oh mama
whoop easy now easy now you want to keep
Anna hands boy you sure you don't want
to cook woody I bet he be pretty good in
some barbecue only the best for my kids
tonight ready yeah all right
got some yes mommy's cooking the best
thing that goes with steak mac and
cheese green beans little apples all
right my friends dig in dinner is ready
I'm gonna turn off the grill now so I
don't forget we actually get the grill
later in life
you don't happen happen don't do nothing
stupid be careful this would be your
first thing it's the first time any Eve
even sat in a seat hi Kane come here
buddy
hi oh my gosh you make me feel so loved
kid I love you mommy's gonna drive the
fast car I know you're nervous uh-huh I
just I wanted something country music on
yeah right my car doesn't have country
music okay so drop it into automatic
hold the brake hold the brake press the
clutch just kidding there's no clutch
just press the brake down press the
brake
there you get there yeah now you just go
forward so just go five feet
what do you mean he's dead d-dad yeah
listen no he's not he's glowing Hey
stop the car I can't believe you just
took I'm never getting out even like the
pedal I push you like halfway down oh I
remember that look oh all right I got to
put in the garage to get the heck out no
get out
I'm gonna drag you out to the grocery
store well I will drag you out
GTA style my drag her out of this car
don't be a hero I should have known that
I told her she could go five feet that
you would go all because I've never let
her drive not even my blue car well I
don't know what if I'm a stick yeah and
the the GTO school because it's both you
can paddle shift or automatic so I just
fell in love with it it can be a grocery
getter or a sports not well if I needed
you I needed like a 7up or something
I think the grocery store I'll put the
car seat in the back oh my gosh it was
just it was just like she won't shut up
about it you're good I never heard her
talking about me like this that car was
impressive Jesus I guess step up my game
phone
I want words it like that the good news
is I'm starting to come a lot I'm
starting to turn back into Roman Atwood
the one that you guys know and watch
every day this is her saying she'll take
with him
it's okay be loud be loud
this is the tunnel the tunnel of the
aquarium it's turned into just where I
put all the food
what are you doing pirate yeah your room
is way too clean what's going on you
could do three years in prison for
having that your room boy
making them at what the heck is that
different
we're warping into the night the kids
are asleep and we are going to wash the
bathtub
she's making some serious bubbles when's
this getting clean ones a getting clean
all right guys I am gonna in the vlog
and call it day and that's price short
vlog today I don't know what I found I
started really feeling good at the end
of the day I'm still all jacked up
internally but I'm starting to feel good
I hope you're ready to get back to the
vlog world like back I want to get back
up on blogs he's mine was it a vlog
world yeah but you know what I mean five
six minute war doesn't count
doesn't count yes true he's not have no
idea how long this one is a little
clownfish hiding in the coral he looks
awesome
oh look at he I love how they go like
just had person like they beat the crap
out of it
so this one right back here is the same
as that yeah they're so awesome
all right guys question for today would
be can't get enough of them clownfish
this sucks how weird this tank looks on
this camera it doesn't look anything
like that
anyway question for you in the comments
is do you let your girlfriend or
boyfriend drive your car girls let that
boyfriend's Drive anything but say guys
I don't know I don't know guys like
their cars I don't know
maybe too much it's just a car it's
still question would you let your
girlfriend drive your brand-new sports
car if you got a brand-new sports car
would you let your girlfriend rather man
that thing was heaven I hope you enjoyed
it that's my feel that's right
I maybe wanted rush you sir you just
gonna hear the girl I'm sure going up
whoa
we love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
thanks for watching smaller Oh morning
guys
you're stuck with me today ah I'm so
sick I've been working on this vlog for
like three hours
