what's up my friends another gorgeous
gray weird really weird - get all our
work done we have a big special guest
flying in tomorrow and I'm trying to act
like I'm awake but I'm not still sleep I
think you can hear my voice I woke up
this morning and blew my nose and
pinched a nerve from here all the way
back this sucks getting old guys we are
keeping them up trying to get all these
orders out ready for our big week coming
up actually it's here tomorrow it starts
you guys are ready for some fun right
always a good feeling knowing you guys
are getting your stuff man beep Ethel's
home hey sweetie she's got a little bit
of orders for you right back on my way
up to get uh
with America's just miss my exit dang it
I gotta wake up you guys ever 11 days
you just can't wake up it's like I've
been up for two hours I can't you guys
watch yesterday's vlog you know I picked
up all the merch that I could and I
bought a big truck but I didn't buy a
truck big enough all of that is still
mine and I got the mailboxes oh boy the
good news is we're not gonna be out of
merch for a while all right guys I have
straight warped home took a shower
edited the vlog all of that without you
even knowing I just did it right now and
it was like one second for you guys um
check it out we had five people over
here folding so our chefs are starting
to look better we actually have stuff on
our shelves again unbelievable so happy
to see this this is just from today and
then there's double this that needs fold
it tomorrow um I wasn't gonna show oh
yeah check this out
this is so cool well I like it okay
awesome I'm so excited to show you this
hang on set oh you came did you see it
you wanna get dressed real quick and
we'll put it on okay get dressed
you got your own smile more hoodie dude
let me see the back
let me see it this is the coolest part
guys this is brand new to the store huh
this is for the kids okay I'm gonna have
to sneak it he doesn't want to show you
all right I'll just catch it I'll just
catch it without him knowing let's go
you ready of course there's a cop behind
us Brit you're driving
I was with you in Kyle you're like a
magnet yeah you better go that way so we
were running out as you guys know we
have a bit hey Bret you haven't even in
the walk today have you
yes on this she got her lip done that's
permanently like that now so she will no
longer be whatever you know you used to
see her as we are uh you guys know we
have a special guest coming to the house
tomorrow super excited we're doing some
incredible things once you know who who
the guest is but you're gonna tell them
no always a surprise I think it's
usually surprised so we gotta go out and
get some things to prepare for the
guests you know clean bedding and things
like that that we like to do for our
people making a little hotel room what
was that you don't want me to talk about
your parking job what do you mean you're
on though I mean it's not that bad it's
a big truck all right before we do
anything we got to eat starving I have
not eaten for like a while
whoa this Wow hey turn it up say mommy's
getting our seat
give me five little man you know how
good it feels to be with you right now
you do I love you so much
singing this vase made out of rope yeah
what are you doing this idiom called
trap me you guys never played this no oh
my gosh it's so amazing oh it's not a
real game we just made it so he draws a
circle well I think he's getting carried
away hey ready
um did daddy trap you he just he just
automatically gets out the original game
was he couldn't get out a circle
dragging blue electric magma
this is the things we do to hold him
tight our food is coming
father-son bonding
we are about to pound a good meal okay
have you guys ever had this fried green
tomatoes never had um I got um I'm gonna
try them I don't know they look amazing
I don't know dipping sauce ranch
again no expression at all sure
oh yeah hi to you there
do you want some why do we do this to
ourselves that is a full apple pie with
ice cream caramelized on top I mean it
smells it's gonna be amazing
is it good
I'm hurtin so bad yeah are you her em
yeah there was so much food
vilius read in a better truck
hello safe up here and gay and we are
running over to the store to get some
supplies for this week you know the real
fun stuff
well guys straight from a delicious
dinner right to a target bathroom okay
so some weird things that we need this
no I need this for gotta get it gotta
get it
Kane are you comfy in there you got a
life dude look at what kind of bedding
oh that's kind of cool that blue what
color is the walls I just white we
always like to get our guests new
bedding nice comfy stuff they sleep good
really yeah or this one's kind of cool
it's so like hospital ish funny thing is
or people are nervous to stay at our
house they always think it's a prank
they always say it's hard so you need
them to sleep good because they're
already scared to sleep that's the truth
right I'm scared to sleep in my house
yeah um we got poster board too this is
gonna be cool you're looking expensive
for people come stay with us oh yeah
come ray cherry I don't know what we're
gonna do a super duper cool project I
don't know I I guess just anything red
right well they have strawberry cherry
cherry it's like a deeper red now
strawberry
how many do we need one or two I have no
idea that's all you they only have two
that's how many we need let's go huh
perfect it is that's great
ha ha it was meant to be here's your
baby
let's go let's get out of here
oh yeah everybody's yawning in this drug
we got some cool stuff we got something
cool to do tonight and we got some stuff
to do for our guests lining and we
picked up a bird - there's a the most
expensive bird you'll have her fly all
right
home and Kane wants to blow up somewhere
we got some balloons for something and
yeah ready blow it up yeah let's do it
now we need the string cause they'll fly
in the air these ones these aren't just
normal balloons these ones float yeah
are you ready to do it just turn this
little knobby you got to push that
sideways push the black thing down how's
that
ha how are we gonna get that cane I'm
gonna have to throw you up and you grab
it yeah okay come on now I'm gonna throw
you up just kidding I couldn't throw you
that high anyway
all right keen looking good what's up
mama
oh you sure you don't want someone hey
you sure you don't want some watermelon
before you go we're gonna do a really
wait no this way
no you mean it's not gonna cut that
without a serrated blade yeah this is
the sharp Knight wait we have a
watermelon knife no it's really how does
this suck lettuce
we're gonna try a really cool experiment
tonight that we've never done and we've
seen it somewhere well that looks really
good
can you want some watermelon Oh what are
we doing so we're gonna teach them how
to do it on the vlog yeah people are
gonna want to do this this is cool
mmm okay so step one now I imagine
there's other ways to do this I would
have cut it the other way but step one
is you cut the watermelon in half
Britney swears that it's this way okay
just fine then you scoop out all the
watermelon get it all out take the
greatest part is that canes toys are
holding down all the balloons hey dude
good job body we got a system gone let's
watch this don't even know he could do
this I think you just learned you can
get it on there by yourself hey let's
try to do a little more manly colors
Wow this is gonna make sense tomorrow
I'm not gonna give up the surprise but
these are for our guests coming in and I
might be an idiot I just realized that
helium deflates and I'm so worried that
by tomorrow these are gonna all be on
the floor and the cans empty that's
gonna suck as of now we have one of the
worst guest bedrooms why because the
only thing in it is a bed that's it so
we're gonna decorate it have some fun
stuff we fill up a little piece of art
tonight to put over the bed and Eero
man's gonna come out and hang it up I
think maybe you should go no I'm feeling
all right above the bed trust me it's a
bed hanger oh yeah oh yeah instantly at
home are you sure that's where you want
it okay Kane has single-handedly picked
all the spots for the blends
okay we're multitasking Brits got the
watermelon all scooped out looks pretty
good now she's just boiled some jello I
don't even know you boiled you I don't
even know how you made jello but
basically you make jello that's not
gonna fill one of these well with that
kill we'll see okay this is experiment
for us we may fail completely
so you just dissolve all the jello
powder in the boiling one we don't even
show the jello powder we're terrible at
this so you put the powder in boil we
did one and a half cups of boiling water
you have to stir it until everything is
dissolved technically you'd put it in
the fridge for like four hours but
there's a speed up process you can do
one cup of ice water you can do two and
a half cups of ice water basically to
speed up the process it's one cup of
cold water and then you add enough you
add ice until it goes up to two and a
half this could be the worst
instructional video you've ever seen
I knew I would find you in here
least it's not in the walls Cain's my
little worker bee okay so once you have
your jello mixed up pretty good pour it
in the watermelon well it's like Chucky
that's rotten well that's good right go
up all the way but it's just like Oh
bubbly I don't know oh man I gel is
whack all right put that baby in the
fridge I don't know it looks weird it's
already setting we did the fast yeah but
I don't know all right
Oh we'll see he's just an earring all oh
ha Oh blame you i me some water balloons
are still floating you got the painting
hung up it's like a it's like a legit
room now we good no this is just the
half of it all right so the gel is not
gonna be done tonight it is not going
out checked on it it's still gooey we
are actually gonna end the vlog get up
in the morning go pick up our special
guest from the airport yeah
all right on track to have some fun that
is gonna do it tonight guys we love you
so much thanks for hanging out with us
every day it's incredible actually to
look at this vlog channel numbers-wise
abuse wise subscribe were one of the
fastest growing channels in the entire
world right now I think last month we
were number 24 fastest growing channel
in the world you know how impossible
that is the me it's impossible like it
doesn't happen so thank you we are more
than fortunate to have you um I said I
wasn't inside guys tell me today you
guys remember when I started when we
bought this house I always ended every
vlog in the kitchen it was like have it
I'm doing it I'm doing it again right
now um tell me in the comments today
please tell me who do you want to see at
this house who do you want to see come
to this house maybe a youtuber maybe a
TV star maybe a movie star tell me
nothing's out of reach we can do it so
tell me who you want to see next maybe
it'll get a bunch of thumbs up I'll see
it on the top I will contact
we'll make it happen we love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow keep a big smile
on your face your beautiful smile mine
actually really wanted to do this before
it got dark out but now I got to use
these light Oh God Oh could be worse I
guess
