hate Ohio last time I did this last time
Ohio made me do this at work so here we
go I'm gonna do it we all have our ways
Express and how do we feel about whether
this is mine today man I'm tired
supposed to be a good weekend guys it's
supposed to be a big weekend
fireworks parties barbecues all over the
country and we got this crap weather
done I'm sick of it I'm about to show
how I feel me and him are gonna we're
gonna have some fun this is serious guy
I know you think I'm joking and you
think I'm always kidding around it's a
serious stuff you guys think I'm always
kidding that looks good
yeah stay strong little buddy I'm
keeping you out here all right you ready
mr. camera we're about to change the
weather
what happened little body the bucket
ding Wow here's our bucket boys okay so
I may have put a little bit of fun happy
stuff in there to make it go when I shot
that I heard something fall they expect
that boom it's hard to tell on camera
how big it is but it knocks stone off my
house this is the second time a piece of
stone has fallen off my house from
shooting that stuff and it freakin
breaks my deck worth it
my only guess right now is it's about to
get really sunny for the rest of the
weekend
all right well that was fun
unfortunately I do got to get ready for
a real life thanks
if you missed yesterday's vlog this
happened uh what that is it has been
raining all day all day look at this
boom
I'm not a hundred percent but I think I
changed the weather today I guess to you
guys it appears like I woke up today I
made a ridiculous sign and I blew it up
with my gun here's what I actually have
I did do that I did do that and then I
had to get things off camera done
deadlines voiceovers for TV shows paper
works for my account and printing things
for blah blah blah just so much crowd
that I waited too long and I had to get
done today so forgive me if the vlogs a
little shy a full length to know that I
am owning with my crap and the day's
almost over and everybody probably had a
blast look at the weather now guys if
you're making any requests I can come to
your stay and blow I swear it's supposed
to be nasty all night look at this telly
this is two for two baby
what they'll keep me on my toes all
night
so many choices this is Buckeye Lake my
friends not a major city at all but one
place to be with the family
lots of officers working tonight I see
it in the water
no I hang on my crap cameras up no I
love it
that's cool did you Kane let me see
oh I think they've been smeared off
lights fireworks just randomly you'll
see them pop up and I guess you light
and I guess the thing to do if you live
on the lake is you light road flares we
can see over here this guy's got like a
hundred of them let's light this flare
how'd you guys like that I'm gonna light
you up boy some big booms
everywhere
okay it looks like lightning there's so
many behind them smoke Hey
selecting fireworks cool even though we
had a terrible queue uncomfortable
killer boots man
so it's actually pretty late it's 11
o'clock at night Britney has to make a
cake for our big show tomorrow we're
doing the big off fireworks show at
Todd's just like last year all right
I'll push you oh my Lanta the Isle of
pure sin how do you pick everybody that
had really good weather for the
fireworks here in Ohio you're welcome
it's from me do you know that you did I
personally changed the weather today you
ready to get mommy
you wanna go get her
we're not doing nothing I think we're
being invaded
neo neo neo neo neo neo neo neo neo
all right guys back home short blog for
you how was your day with your mother
god I'm so tired that's all we got I'm
actually really concerned my throat just
started slight swelling and getting sore
in the last hour really yeah but that
means it'll go away quick yeah mum
sometimes they don't yeah you're right
we are celebrating the fourth of July
tomorrow it's gonna be a big fun day
better not be freaking sick what is that
oh it's a little beetle what state and
country you're from we're celebrating
the fourth of July tomorrow do you
celebrate it where do you live what
country what state we press shouldn't
get into those details but we don't know
guys tell us in the comments where
you're at we love you don't forget to
smile more
