hey hey my friends was uh I am mom I'm
just going to put it to you like this
yesterday's vlog I actually ended it
sick so sick I'm still sick I tried to
hide I don't know why I tried to hide it
I just don't like to bring any negatives
into these vlogs and I didn't want to
come on here last thing I want to do is
come on here and lay up again any but
I'm sick guys I'm so sick I've been on
the couch all day do you wanna help me
with something
really what is it I can well we need
this you remember why you got me this
yeah oh my gosh Ben - and look you know
I'm sick when I miss a vlog I missed a
vlog I could I could easily miss two or
three vlogs right I have been sleeping
I've been resting all day enough to
where I'm on my feet and uh yeah I don't
know what to say man I've been
struggling with so many sicknesses this
year it really killed okay what is that
you don't know no oh my god you got it
my knees you got that baby extension
cord oh my got it you got it
Wow okay here mind up see ya guys I'm
coming on here opening up and being
completely honest with you I've been
throwing up throwing up for 30 hours off
and on for 30 hours I've never gotten
sick this much of my life it's the worst
thing ever and I don't wish it on
anybody but uh you know when I laid
around all damn I'm coming wrong I'm
getting on my feet and that's why I'm
starting this blog now and got it sucks
man I'm all about entertaining you guys
when I'm sick I don't know what to do I
don't know if you guys remember but we
got this thing like help whoa whoa just
falling apart
oh wait comes a far Wow really hot I
like it
hope you guys remember we got this like
I don't know two months ago probably
kill er up fill er up it's working it's
working you like it that's gonna be cool
I put enough water in it no Jane's gonna
make messes aren't you boy no it looks
like you are yeah just the part of life
I've missed out on for last two days I
did not come out of this bedroom not
even one time yesterday
not even one time feel like lately like
my body's just telling me to just stop
for a minute just starts like I'm
getting sick just that I'm gonna I'm
just gonna keel over I don't know what
it is you go here's your pink Minnie
Mouse cup alright guys since we don't
have a lot to offer you today if
anything at all um Britney found this
bull but actually when I was cleaning my
office I found this really old box - it
is oh my god there a date on this it's
not it looks like leave this this is a
picture me I have no idea what age I am
there's no date you think leave this oh
my gosh
pain in the butt this is a perfect
example I think I've told you guys in
the past some days I don't want to
upload the vlog and Britney's like now
you still gotta upload it this is like
one of those days so I'm like used to
like filling you guys with energy and
trying to bring you up and I feel like
this just brings you down I don't know
it's so like I do I feel like my energy
just I don't know I'm trying
you want to med no this is from wait
wait wait he was from my baby shower it
says best before May 2012
yeah I probably need a man that was
Kane's ankle bracelet at the hospital oh
he's getting so big cry he's getting
he's getting so big yeah when I want to
sleep this girl takes care of me like
nobody else and no matter what you guys
have no idea we don't put up a blog
yesterday it was like well the day
before I don't even I'm losing track of
my mind I didn't leave the bed all day
did I Walter no I left the bed a lot I
never left our bedroom not one time you
don't Lee and non-stop she was just
coming in getting me things it was crazy
I love you I'm not afraid to say just
remember what I said when you said I'm
busy I gotta make a fuck oh I love you
guys honestly gonna pick this up in the
morning I hate to do that but I'm not
leaving you with this low energy I'm
gonna bring you up today I promise my
goal every day bring you guys up so
let's do it with energy I can't fake I'm
not gonna come on here and fake it every
time like sometimes I faked it like the
end of yesterday's vlog I was faking it
and I was so sick like I was ready to
show up we'll see you guys in one second
but for us it seems like hours and we're
back what is up guys good morning I'm
about at a 90% which oh my god guy I'm
so like you guys don't stop apologize
I'm apologizing because yesterday could
be the worst vlog I've ever made not
yesterday today this boy it could be the
worst vlog ever made and I'm sorry I
fight to stay positive for you guys and
I fight to motivate you guys every day
that's kind of like my goal when I make
these videos I use my videos to
strengthen and and turn you guys into
positive human beings I want you to take
over this world that being said I also
want to thank you tremendously because
although I had to drag my butt out of
bed today the reason I did that is
because I got on Twitter and I saw this
Thank You 7 million subscribers on the
prank channel are you kidding me guys I
just can't believe this and this really
this really shows me how much of a team
we are not it's not me giving back to
you or you giving back to me we are a
solid team man and this proves it
because this morning as hard as I was
trying to get up to motivate you guys I
woke up to you motivating me so thank
you so much I can't even ah I sound so
corny right now but it's the truth and
I'm just I just want to put it out there
thank you guys seriously this time it's
time to get back man it's time to get
back where we came it's time to do what
we do
tired of being sick not healthy hey hey
7 million subscribers on the prank
channel yes I swear I don't prank
anymore oh god I'm song I am so I'm a
big disappointment right now but I'm
coming back I told him about 90 percent
right now I mean if I go over there I
will throw up I'm serious my stomach is
that bad yeah I feel good I feel good
I don't putting on a little bit I could
be a little less but I'm high I'm ready
to just start blogging again and fun
stuff and just get back to my life all
right guys I'm gonna in this vlog like
this tell me because I'm not sure that I
like the coop the quality of this camera
is insane but I notice when the vlogs go
up everyone's like quality sucks and
then just pound on the dislike button so
they don't understand that it takes like
30 45 minutes before YouTube processes
that video so here's what I want to ask
do you mind the old quality because it's
so much quicker to compress it's so much
quicker to upload this takes forever to
upload so I'm afraid that like those
days
run hotels and we're traveling it's just
not going to happen so tell me is this
quality that much better that we need it
or do we just want to stick to how we've
been doing it and not fix what's not
broken so tell me in the comments this
can't this camera will still do the old
quality so I'll just switch it so hit me
up on the quality factor and guys this
is my promise again I'm going back to
that promise we're gonna start tearing
it up right now
so be ready starting today now starting
tomorrow this fog side we're gonna go
dig up that box with my brothers we love
you we love you we love you thank you
thank you thank you smile more you're
beautiful get up do something today do
it with me
I'm fighting today sore you come on
let's go right now
I love you mama yeah come every time
nine ten
