beautiful beautiful what's up my friends
speaking of beautiful did turn nice day
it's Sunday which for us you guys know
Sunday's always family day if we can
make it family day to my dad yeah it
just needs water you gotta get dis still
also it came with a sprout yeah okay
cool this is our Venus flytrap we want
to get a plan to eat bugs
time time time figure the kids like that
what's up mama nothing your dad had one
of them when you were little like that's
why I wanted when we stab one up on the
in our old kitchen
alright and you can touch it pet it and
it would just close up hey Kane come
here did you do that you didn't yeah you
didn't get orange stuff all over the
door yeah me so you telling me you have
nothing to do with that you should see
this kids hands look at this if I put
these wheels on you're gonna ride you
promised alright he would not get on
this thing yesterday so let's see him
put the wheels back on
this dirtbike lessons 101 you're doing
awesome you just let go and go too fast
right now we're going running speed
good job buddy ah yeah bun to the
handlebars there you go good job nice
and easy nice and easy no crappy crappy
on the bars
give me five you did it I meet with that
on how you gonna put food in your mouth
like that just gonna put it up on your
helmet all right dude I gotta see this
- crazy food going on here tip go out
with household wings and pizza cane once
cane once T is food through his helmet
let him try
I'm just see how difficult it is I'm
sorry I look together you know I'm glad
you did
I'm glad you did I'll be right back this
is Dale sweet frigging go-kart that he
built by himself from scratch he willed
his butt back in what 2005 2005 a first
welding project ever
and he he literally built them it's so
awesome and I remember you building this
it I've really only done one upgrade and
that's the giant tires I had tires on
the back that's our these are off and
put the big dogs on all right guys I had
to bounce out of the house for a minute
I got Todd following behind every year
he does a fish tank top the guy that
works on my aquarium also the guy you
guys always
who takes care of your fish tank while
you're gone he does everything I don't
touch that tank he does everything we're
going to get fireworks he does a big
once a year fourth of July I don't know
if you guys are no smoking
Oh guys we screwed up man you remember I
always come here there's nobody here oh
no is busy busy yeah Kate they got food
here holy crap I'm not sure it's that
time my friends
what would you just say flaming balls
anything with flaming balls here's
flaming balls we've got to have it a lot
of dude everyone's me so dude this is
our show man dude you don't make enough
money that's what you get right here
this snakes and sparklers that's what I
like this is it we're gonna check out
right there holy crap that's gonna be
good that's more like it
thanks dude always hooking it up always
hooking how are we gonna get this in
that car though you gotta help me for
real I got rope is this how you treat my
van yeah this is how you treat you guys
don't know this is the original white
work van right here this is it Todd
bought it a while back this is the I
took him out it's a grip my first date
in this van as always you'd shout out to
Phantom for hooking us up listen guys
fan I'm I hope you're listening to this
I want my own smile more firework
nothing cheesy either I want a big one
that shoots big smiley faces called the
swamp
I see the names of these fireworks why
not the smile more Roman that would
smile more I want my own listen to me
call me just left there we got a bunch
of cool stuff you guys will be with me
he taking you along on the 4th when we
like all this stuff last year was crazy
hopefully this year gets a little
smoother or not maybe it's fun for you
guys but doesn't go so smooth ah what's
up dude get your boots on actually go to
a friend's house what do you mean we're
gonna take them these chairs and it's
his fourth third now
I don't know I just walked into a
mountain of confusion oh we found a home
for the chairs that's what you're saying
yeah yeah these chairs they were did you
tell her we've been washing them outside
all week with the rain family over so
King wrapped his present oh it's nice I
see our trash pandemic hasn't changed we
uh I didn't tell you guys in the vlog
either somehow whether the building paid
so trash company or we've got bought out
got bought out by a different company
mean I can't you know more of anyone
find a new account number or anything I
can't pay a bill she can't figure out
how to get trash picked up
bogus bogus
here we go I cannot believe they can
just drive in a frickin dirt bike
I am super super happy we found homes
for these I know I mean they're actually
still nice I just need a little cleaned
up Hey
sloppy Mix lobster look at that sunset
me oh it's going down so fast
well it's a whole nother it's a whole
nother stupid trees hang on we'll get a
better one up here oh it's really pretty
it looks nuts through this tent the
window to go say hi to zoos me too come
on stop by Brittany's mom we're gonna go
say hi to our puppy this is how you know
Zusi lives here dun dun dun
I don't know if I ever told you guys
this but when we had to be out in LA a
lot we needed a home / Zeus because he
wasn't getting enough attention and we
felt awful about it
Britney's mom agreed to take Zeus as
long as I built a fence on her property
so we built this entire fence and it
goes all the way around her house just
for Zeus Zeus ah run Kane run Zeus
you're like doubling in size every time
I see you dude look at your gut oh hi
Paul hi boo but I don't think we've ever
told him the story about Bo either
how's your mom end up with all the
animals when I used to work the Rope
factory you brought him to the factory
as a little puppy trying to get me to
take home yes I did because a girl at
her work gave him to her it was the
worst part instead of getting my whore
she gave me the doll regardless now
she's got Bo she's got Zeus witches a
handful hi baby hi baby baby honey get
down on all fours beside him in front of
him yeah you'll disappear behind look at
that
are you kidding me oh my god what are
you feeling like oh he's happy a bit why
can't even he tells me when he's Zeus
come here drop it good boy oh he
actually let Bo take it
Wow drop it drop it you don't listen
like Zeus toes Zeus sit oh he still
remembers his commands sit stay stay Oh
watch out Kane it's gonna get ugly oh
this takes it the daddy long leg see
look if they lose a leg they can grow
another one yeah I get the idea that you
wants to pull their lair we're not gonna
pull their leg up but they can grow new
legs
does it happen immediately that's cool
right yeah I think that's really cool
actually
there's just no lightning bugs out
tonight buddy it's too cold deep do you
think they would come out if they wore
sweaters yeah maybe they just need some
sweaters guys we get some sweaters out
here for the bugs
alright guys while I was at the firework
store I got these you seen these little
hoppers that you throw in a pop my dad
these are like those but they're like on
crack they're huge let me show you
but in here
what is that I told you it was gonna pop
no you have to make contact like a
missile so loud you know those you know
those little things you throw in popular
white yeah these are like upgraded
they're like little sticks of TNT look
at these look at them no I'm not I'm not
gonna do it hey let me see it yeah I
want it I want it I want to show them
actually I'm not gonna throw that's what
they are what you do this is what they
are all you do is drop them I throw them
they're very efficient then I feel I've
got a yesterday
he's so well Joel Cheers
all right all right guys we do got a run
we love you so much thanks for watching
I don't know what today's vlog was even
about it was very jumbled we had the
family ever usually in the families over
I tend not to grab the camera too much
it's a bad habit I should be pulling out
more but uh we're out of here we're
getting up we got to get to the airport
in the morning
and then we're flying out for work and
flying back it's gonna be a very quick
train you're in a cell yeah you've one
day falling I'm gonna go get some face
paint for this weekend for the super
face paint off face paint store we love
you guys yeah I got the hiccups right
now well in this for you get there he
goes that's it guys thanks again we love
you keep a big smile on your face your
awesome smile whatever I cook for people
whenever I cook for people on the grill
I take pride in my cooking always ask
them how it is what do you guys think
