today is a very very special day to me
it is August 16th it's my dad's birthday
dad I love you so much
I'm sorry we can't be together today
you're out of town my dad is uh he's out
on the west coast we just flip flopped I
was there
my mom and dad were flying on the west
coast the exact time I was flying home
so he literally probably were in the air
at the same time my dad is probably
single-handedly responsible for me as a
person what's up buddy I'm just trying
to be half the dad to my kids that my
dad is hey I love you it's grandpa's
birthday
yeah yeah it is I promise my dad has
taught me my work ethics my dad has
taught me to always fight to remain
humble he's taught me how to be a father
am i a good dad see I love you dad I
hope you're having the best day ever
I will see you as soon as you get home
you go eh are you coming with me okay
we'll be right back
hugs and kisses hugs and kisses wotcher
all right love you
all right guys so today well
I'm kind of actually a little
embarrassed to do this today but there
comes a point where you have to take a
little bit of time for yourself when we
moved into that house I'm so excited at
my own spot in that house my own office
my own area to work and so far the only
thing I've done it may be this is gonna
be relatable to a lot of people so far
the only thing I've done with that room
is just fill it full of all my crap I
don't think I've sat in there one time
and a year plus a year and a half but
today I have to take a little minute for
myself I'm gonna go try to find maybe a
couple organizers to shove some things I
can some things I can organize with once
again crap that I normally wouldn't put
on the vlog but today I'm gonna share
with you I got my little man with me and
we're just we got to do this we have to
but we're here come on come you're
staying in the car meet cracker wait
don't leave a bowl of water for you Home
Organization now that sounds like us
buddy you stay in your cage I was
thinking about getting something like
that to put that little ward my mom got
me on like its own little plot I don't
know I can't find it though it's like
it's not here I'm terrible at this this
is not what I'm good at holding the
camera and putting it on YouTube that's
it that's it and even that's like super
debatable like serious argument I just
need organizing crap and I don't mean
like honestly I just need stuff to help
me organize like even if it was just
like see this stuff's like so flimsy I
don't know buddy what do you think poop
oh man you're no help at all
so I've got some plastic tubs maybe I
can just like label stuff like GoPro
stuff just put it all in there I got one
for keen to sleep in hey caught you
bucket Boyd all day I'm hit upgrade card
it's got a couple chefs a lamp canes
light a drill this for our bathroom a
cane where are you all right go back
down hey we're on our way
all right now the embarrassing part I
got to show you guys my office like it's
bad I don't know if I actually got what
I need but I definitely got some stuff
to get started
super-awesome Jeep man there's a dog you
see the dog hope you guys are having a
fantastic day night morning whatever
time it is right now are you happy you
don't look happy you look miserable
who's ready for the pop quiz here it is
for the moment one hour right now you
are not allowed to think negative you
are not allowed to say anything negative
in fact you gotta be positive it's so
hard an hour is tough so here we go we
challenge you right now King and I you
can do it come on once you guys smiling
all day I'm tired of this negative world
bring it up let's top must be positive I
got this we're team you and I we're in
this together this is this is our life
we got to do something good with it
right yeah man you're gonna help me
you've already helped me a whole bunch
that tell them that one you love them
yeah
good time to get back oh my gosh you're
gonna pass up he chose SpaghettiOs over
enchiladas he's getting bigger than you
are
okay don't judge me guys look at this
this is a very light example of my
office I got to do something I mean look
at all these cords and cables everything
I need something just come in and rip it
all out oh man they answer a lot of baby
these are my they becoming my favorite
and what you're just eating chicken and
SpaghettiOs yeah dude how you gonna get
big and strong like mommy cuz daddy's a
little would beg
let's party let's party
can you change her is it doing that
sorry
the handyman can't be stopped now I got
my own drill we this we have so many
people over all the time that we thought
this was appropriate check it out
boom Hey where's the restroom there's no
question now it's gonna take me all
night
hey where do you go hey Todd a good
night I like that shot King easy money
give me a hug
your daddy hug what decided to have I
just scared the daylights out of me Hey
I guess my goal tonight would just be
trying to organize some stuff like
equipment and cables and chargers and
like I want to build areas where I can
actually make this worth it like like
right now just change light bulbs and
just that's yeah hey check it out
there's a corner first there's a plastic
ball have you guys ever had a headache
so bad you feel like you know throw up I
was gonna try to hide it in the boys in
there am NOT gonna bring it up but my
head is so splitting that I'm squinting
gotta keep going though I think my first
bucket this GoPro crap
I mean I have it everywhere it's laying
all over the place
every piece of GoPro sniff I have
someone in there I do not want war you
guys but I am NOT even phasing this
thing I've started chargers and
batteries audio this is like mics and
any type of wireless cables that I find
a couple on-board lights GoPro crap I
hung my little shelf with my stuff this
is just like I said keep in mind please
I told you I wouldn't normally put this
in the vlog and I was gonna do it today
I was gonna put this crap in the vlog so
much you know after doing YouTube for
like 6 years 5 6 years you start to
accumulate all this crap alright so I
ended the vlog last night and I decided
to just scrap all of that because I'm
gonna try to get Brittany where I'll use
it if this fails
Brett is sunbathing like legit
there is almost nothing worse than
ice-cold hose water the things I do and
things I felt kind of for you guys
actually if you can throw this one for
me oh my god this is so freaking perfect
a little cover yeah I'm gonna try to
sneak up this way and just there we go
try to crack this for audio
now that's how you in the vlog so fun I
had the whole vlog edited and I was like
uh-uh
delete delete I'm gonna add this alright
guys thanks for participating in our
Twitter giveaway for the hoverboards
that's all we got for you today that's
awesome
we love you guys we'll see you mom smile
boy following are you serious yeah catch
I didn't even pop I'm sorry
