hey hey hey what's up guys we start the
day with a mean breakfast tons of eggs
and bacon and leave my paper plates out
of this oh yeah you know you want some
of that mmm
is it too eastery I don't know what it
is I can't well she's getting up off her
step stool well you are really tan yeah
like I I don't have an opinion on it did
you take a shower der ball I'm kidding
it took me all day yesterday I forgot
why everyone's laughing at me that's the
thing now once you get your toys out of
the bathtub - she said she took a shower
but she really was playing in the
bathtub yeah so today is kind of a big
day we're gonna take the kids to go get
a big special surprise it's for me it's
mine soon be mine
yeah okay so ever since we had donkey
races at my house my cousin brought over
this thing that we've all fallen in love
with and it's been about a month
no more we're gonna go get one who's
ready who's ready this is it guys this
is what we've been one right here a snow
blower look at this
tires I'm kidding come stand by this
it's the size of a car that is monster
holy cow
I'd love to see you driving that down
the road you got a dude this is this
TURN RIGHT Oh Sonny's more practice
are you ready to rock there's gonna be
no stopping this kid you got it you're
gonna learn how to do the first five
backflips what about a big foam pit you
know what if I have some guys come build
us a foam pit you're gonna ramp in it
all right man thanks you guys got to
have these help my boys all ready to
have some fun with me is that your fun
phase look at this I even put the
training wheels on for us only Kane
needs the Train was at school whatever
you know how did it work those
actually I did so these are the kind of
things my family gets for the sacrifices
we do have to make with my crazy
business sometimes I got to be gone and
you know the kids got to stay with
Grandma or someone else they get
rewarded with cool stuff through our
work through our efforts I know I'm just
trying to look like a cool dad it is not
looking like a good day you know what
you know what
kein are you excited you're so excited
your eyes are going across you don't be
super sweet if it does end up storming
that dirtbike let's just go right out in
the mud we're either gonna go mud
running or we're not gonna ride it at
all cuz it is starting to pour it's all
good though you know why you know why
cuz I got Chinese don't care about your
dirt bikes
I love it my nose is running so bad tell
you guys a trick if you like orange
chicken actually anything Chinese I
always get extra crispy extra spicy is
hot no horn your jeans rain are you
ready oh yeah say rain or shine we're
getting this baby out today we're gonna
start her up what is this little thing
you need you got it do these training
wheels are so cool what will they think
of next
wings you want to put wings on it all
right so this is the kill see the X
through the yeah that looks like a
little restart button that's a car when
the keys are down here all right and
then you just kick away so to put it in
gear you go up one there's no clutch
front brake back brakes on that side use
the back yeah
let go let go and like your baby
Oh get out of here cane Church look look
look you can always flip this up and it
stops okay oh my god you guys got to
teach her how to drive this I don't know
what you like most she literally just
eat mustard oh yeah but you're lucky I
didn't get in there to catch up really
yeah
right now like if I had ketchup you do
it yeah are we really all right as fun
as the bike it we're gonna get more used
we're gonna get more dirt bike video but
it's just nasty outside and we're a
bunch of babies right now we're gonna
head over to my brothers Bobby and her
country music oh my god
all right guys now for the not-so-fun
part of the vlog we went over my
brothers and we hung out with fam we had
a great time but there's some things
that we need to talk about you're gonna
notice listen to me back very closely
listening you're gonna notice some
changes with the vlogs right now you
probably already have noticed can't
really talk much about what they are but
I'm pretty sure you're gonna figure it
out on your own and I just need you to
know that this is the best for me and my
family right now that has to be done has
to be this way right now and I'm just
asking for you guys to respect it
and try to understand it it's very
confusing right now I know but it is
it's gonna it's it's gonna work itself
out so that's that I can't say anything
about it right now
it's it's a it's a it's a sensitive
subject
I don't really know what to say and I
don't know how to say it so I'm just
asking you guys for the support and just
understand that it's only for the best
right now that whatever changes you may
notice is happening and I just thank you
guys so much for you know being here
with us and understanding these things I
don't know it's said that all being said
I do got a bounce I do gotta go I'm uh I
made a jump a big jump to a new editing
software today I've been using Final Cut
7 for the life of me like as long as I
can remember I've been using Final Cut 7
I've jumped to the new premiere
for so many reasons I've jumped to this
new premier and you know moving to a new
editor is just so weird not that it's
hard or it's I don't know I just don't
get it so I'm gonna spend most of the
night trying to figure out how to edit
this vlog it's normally I'm just like a
whip at it but now I have to learn all
the basics so uh so that's it guys
thanks for hanging out with me and me
and my family and for all your love and
support please no negativity I don't
want any negativity out of this I'm just
telling you guys so that there's a
little understanding that things are you
know changing right now
so we'll figure it out but I love you
guys we will see you tomorrow thanks for
everything and stay positive man keep a
big smile on your face you're beautiful
what's in that bucket right there
