hey guys good morning to you we are in
Fort Worth Texas
Britney and I are here to make a wish
we're extremely honored to be doing this
today I hope you guys enjoy this little
ride we're about to go on and yeah let's
go okay guys so let me fill you in a
little bit on what's going on today
about a month and a half ago make-a-wish
contacted us and they had a kid that his
dream his wish was to meet me I'm so
honored to be here in Fort Worth Texas
this is Mary and her friend Abby at
make-a-wish has set all this up and has
made this happen thank you so much we
are we're just so honored to be here and
we're good we're gonna go meet George
he's 12 years old it could be a pretty
emotional day I'm very excited and you
guys are you guys ready to do this he's
ready right they don't know this is what
it's all about I love this
okay we'll follow you okay here is the
backpack
this is George's wish coming true
all his cool stuff isn't in it and
apparently his parents don't speak in
any English there they speak all Spanish
so most people call him George or Jorge
I'll probably just ask him what he wants
to be called but I'm just gonna walk in
and be like he doesn't know where I'm so
excited I'm so
like we're so they're so excited to me
like it's not every day that a kid's
dream is to meet you
so we're super excited about this and to
be going to his house completely
unexpected and I'm just going hey man I
think you left your book bag yeah yeah
I'll just walk in and pretend that he
lost this and just see what happens okay
guys we're at George's house
hello what's up think you lost your
bookbag man kept a secret he came all
the way to Texas for you did was a long
walk so we were at George's what's up
buddy
are you are you speechless or what
mm-hmm is he always quiet no but he is
right I think he's in a state of shock
oh man you mean father dude we're gonna
have such an awesome day we uh we have
so much to do
please so he wants to show me what the
we got hydraulics on this thing holy cow
we are literally just hang out together
all day eatin pizza playing video games
drinking root beer it doesn't get much
better than this man
it really doesn't are you excited or
what I'm so happy to be here - give me
five
thank you for inviting me to your house
unbelievable
I might get you talking in this vlog I
have a heck of a day we're gonna need
some fun you want to tell me what we're
gonna do
rubber bands no you tell him come on it
was your idea no all right George you
want to surprise them all right we're
gonna Surprise them why don't we go do
something you guys want to I um I saw
one of your other things you wanted to
do was get a Best Buy yeah so how well
we go there
effleurage if you kill me let's go
shopping
go shopping I'll take you on a shopping
spree that's what cool yeah today you're
gonna kill me first
I'm the big dude
somehow I'm actually hitting you this
time wait you're the big dude on the
chip you're the girl yeah I'm the girl
oh I was gonna say how I'm actually
hitting you this is joy he's been
showing up guys the tricks on this thing
he's good with it too he's fast
we have built a ramp yeah bigger ramp
here we are man grab some fun you're
over at Best Buy
George is gonna have hey what do we
think you would want cruise around look
around
let's just see what just see what
catches our eye
so although George is really shy one of
his wishes was to go into a store and
kind of a little shopping spree
so I decided not only made him come to
his house but I'm gonna take him on a
shopping spree all on me he's having a
blast we're gonna get george gopro and
yeah these necessery i don't know i
don't know what do you want to do it
this same everyone at Best Buy helping
us out super cool we are how about some
videogames did it's good looking games
man
I didn't even know that it was the giant
tablet there's one store down man he got
all kinds of cool stuff you gotta be
playing with toys for a while we're
headed to wants to get a game stop right
let's do it
going a game stop no I don't actually
it's a hot enough in Texas for you
I don't mind it too much gainers oh it
just went down to 102 it's cooling down
at 102 degrees and they're telling me
that's the kind of a cooler day
that's crazy this is sister what's up
sister what's your name John
Jocelyn how long do you think joseline
is guys like
not 19 what is the line mother
and this is ma para like the song no
para yeah okay so we just got back to
George's Britney got me with silly
string last week now you're gonna get
her back for me now get okay do this
first get her sneak up on her think of
her as a clog oh let me see it's not
working
see he had to get you back forgetting me
last week and I failed
okay yeah save it save it I did
pranksters let's run off light the beeps
so George is a bit of a prankster so we
hooked it up
we got the GoPro the accessories and I'm
not sure how to use this thing oh yeah
he just tried to get me a silly dress
you guys remember our last contest was
was that the last note time before we
did a contest for the GoPros didn't even
know it they actually tried to win
actually competed 17 weeks ago you guys
were part of that contest I didn't even
know it and now we're here we got you a
GoPro man
okay George wants me to blow the horn
you ready
no out there yeah go out there okay
who's ready to do the watermelon
challenge that was a good one dude well
I had no ideas when you got loud Mike
here's like I held it right here good
one did okay we were headed out Jordans
great idea
I've been wanting to this a long time
but when he said it I was like oh yeah
we're gonna do it oh this is so perfect
I love this this is such a hard water
mouth it's really gonna blow for sure me
too I'm so excited about this let's see
you guys know I always have the best
tripods this is gonna work today oh yeah
takes a while right
so I'm gonna add well you're gonna add
one you just people on it circles
and Atari
this week our Manali
but this will actually blow well oh my
god nobody's gonna get hurt
we got a long way to go
I believe it yeah even at this speed
I love the build up it works I don't
know how many that took but it actually
comes whoa what oh my gosh should
honestly count these good idea George
awesome what all do we get today misty
opening star excited piece what all do
we get today we just opening star
excited piece we're gonna hook up the
wheel maybe play some super smash bros
dude this is awesome
wait I got it I got it let's see look at
this thing you got today - it's just a
controller for his phone let's play
games it just hooks on there I never
seen anything like my kids are gonna go
crazy for that
alright we're pretty much in game mode
we've been playing every video game this
boy has we are hooked up the elgato he
had an oh god oh he's awesome we're
gonna play some you have seen he's
probably what my but maybe I don't know
see all food what are you guys doing
George it's all part of your plan man we
are not gonna be hungry for a week we've
been eating on there
everyone's like yeah yeah you know what
I like about you guys plastic plates we
get so much crap in these vlogs because
we use paper and plastic so we're not
mom here
all right George family
Make A Wish Brittany and I could not be
more honored to be here today it's been
unbelievable you are amazing thank you
for the invite can't wait to see you
again you're coming to my movie premiere
right you're gonna be front row Dallas
Texas baby thank you guys so much
unbelievable good get out of our house
well guys that was a pretty amazing day
for me I don't miss they won't stay
sorry we had absolutely amazing day
George you are my friggin hyrum and what
an honor to have us come to your city to
spend an entire day with you I feel so
amazing that you would ask of all P like
I asked you today you know there's
cooler people you could have so thank
you for choosing me man I loved it and
one of the toughest kids I don't know
how you keep a straight face like that
but you would be good in the prank world
oh look there's fans outside the hotel
every time it doesn't matter where we go
doesn't matter where we go no I got a
question
love your shirt
we showed up at this hotel last night
saying nobody can find us nobody how did
you guys find us I told her I told her I
said there's a lot of employees awesome
yeah you go into holy cab bring it in
actually no way you did well thanks the
odds of that yeah
holy cow he's one of the Apple watch
winners gosh okay yeah let's do pics
just more people showing up what's up
buddy how are you boy I know baseball
players never baseball they keep
repaired how long Ria's here five hours
oh what's that
yeah it just ran out of gas right here
yeah we just pulled in out out of gas so
I've been trying to get all these kids
to push it
he helped me okay I'll call the tow
truck yeah get that tow truck guys
straight up I've never felt so bad in my
life about this are both of our feeds on
every social platform is you're in Texas
you're into like I've never seen this
you're everywhere I've never seen this
many people know that we're in Texas and
that you're in Texas I didn't know I
wish we would had one extra day I feel
bad we have to leave early in the
morning and we're for sure coming back
here for meet up you guys are amazing uh
all right good news
American Airlines found my freaking
laptop oh my gosh it's emergency bottle
open service brand-new we love you guys
so much we're gonna end the vlog I did
not sleep last night
look my laptop was gone I was a mess you
guys would have been laughing your heads
off if you seen me trying to edit on
this I was freaking out man talk about
talk about needing to practice to smile
more I was Nessman I was a wreck I was
fighting myself I just hated I don't
want to think about it but Airlines
found my laptop we get it in the morning
thing god I'm so happy about that what a
relief
yeah thank goodness for you guys I
posted on Twitter you all blew up
America like you just fine Romans laptop
you like we're making it trend as a
hashtag bring back comments guys we love
you thanks for hanging out with us today
and George and his family give him some
love this kid is beyond strong his story
is amazing and we're just so honored to
be here I can't say enough so George we
love you buddy we will see you again and
I can't wait to do it that's it
any last words little girl channels
gonna be in the description oh yeah he
does have a little youtube channel he's
uh I don't know what he does on there
yet but apparently he's inspired to try
to do some stuff so if you want to
shrimpson well i'll put in the
description i know you guys will you're
awesome we love you like I said
yesterday where should we go next that's
the question for today that's it at
Texas I was crazy I love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow smile
