good morning good morning good morning
what's up guys headed out man this thing
is trashed from yesterday's vlog holy
cow
from the shower alright guys today we're
gonna have some fun I'm gonna be
bringing you along for the Natural Born
prankster shoot which I'm very excited
about I will see you in just a little
bit get up get up get moving yeah bring
my stuff alright guys warping over to
our first scene of the day we have uh
this is uh was this one of Walmart
cameras right get these at Walmart I
know you guys going to ask you I think
these are several like five hundred
bucks at Walmart so today we are
shooting a intro for the movie this is
an actual this isn't a prank or it's not
supposed to be real this is like a
scripted intro so should be a lot of fun
I think they're just shooting super
slow-mo and that's it all things by give
me 10 seconds I have no idea okay so get
a great idea guys it's really complex
right before the explosions start we're
gonna have these guys pushing their own
car down the street love it alright
you're gonna come out of the trunk
I told Jude it's Roman
we're on set right now missing you oh
man we're finally doing getting that's
fucking better
yeah man where you at right now I'm in
Augusta Georgia of all places all right
well you're working it I'm glad to see
you finally got a job how's the nacho
biz yeah oh we're looking good
to run acrost well it depends and I just
don't want you to squished dude up the
car I'm not gonna mess it up I'll drown
the lightweight man what do you think
I'm gonna do is hope
nothing the homers even better yeah it's
just the corner so I'm only hitting yeah
I didn't get hit again I get to 40
Chinese this monitor up yeah missile
it's okay oh you're play back the CIP oh
okay you ready Jefferson hold on one
something
okay roll camera are we speeding okay
action action action Roman don't knows
huh
hello oh great I love that yeah try to
keep it a store in it ham wrapping photo
just smiley let's see what you're doing
yeah just for that second I look at the
cameras and I'm like it's quick as you
get to the camera go like this like you
know what I mean almost like thumbs up
get right here
sure this is off yeah sure put up Roman
soldiers we're out here filming the
intro to the movie Romans doing a lot of
cool takes with some cops some cool
stuff so cool slow-mo yeah got a little
crew out here and we back on doing the
thing packing her up all the way to LA
for what 45 minutes of shooting yeah I
guess that's the biz right there
move in move in move in
just got to our second location and Rodi
Rodi just showed up on his bike dude
dude I can't believe in finally bought
one he's always wanted spike then on the
back it's a dude you're legit yeah man
nobody's gonna bust with my pranks
what's up what's up guys on set helping
us out all day basically blocking areas
and it's already wrap for the day
it's a Dennis's turn he's going to be
doing some shooting now and we're just
set up for that
did your o'clock and evil yes I've never
got to use one of those slow down this
one by the moms this is
hmm have you got a few guys when you
ever you see this movie whenever this
movie comes out this guy is the editor
well you're doing a lot more things and
directing much like oh my god oh my god
from oh no but this is the guy like
every scene you see is cut by this guy
man been killing it
thanks for doing so I know you take this
chance good yeah we've been paying
everybody okay right so then this is no
shooting isn't your super exciting to be
doing this finally yeah and wrapping
this up they were talking like weeks
away weekly well it's late hey ready
rolling camera speed God and tilt down I
should get it take your mask off this is
going so good Britt's here what's up
bout time he woke up last night last
night too much for you just a couple
showers oh it's the time change right
the time change because we're used to a
riot so now we're in LA oh okay we're
rolling were rolling yeah
all right we're moving on we got one
more
intro to do and then we have like a
bunch of boy servers and stuff not that
should be fun should be awesome you guys
first try
first try sounds like so we're stopping
at the bar for a quick drink and thanks
for buying again by the way this is
awesome wait it's just a set we're not
at a bar at all
this pad probably doesn't even work hey
don't even have a dude everything in
Hollywood is so shady I got this here it
is oh how many you guys remember the
first day we got our prank office we had
a kickball and we blew out the lights in
the windows it was awesome
all right we're on the move next
location last location of the day
actually this is gonna be awesome super
awesome rock tip though
whoa what's going on in here is this
like uh you want to explain yourself
vitaliy is going to get in a hot tub
with these two ladies with our last shot
of the day
don't look like a student you better get
in and find out this is freaking
beautiful man look at this hot tub slash
hot tub slash pool all I'm saying is
this needs to be at our house can you
imagine the kids you never get them out
like this they live in it it's our last
shot of the day super excited to be
finishing up these intros and bring you
a hoot do when's this movie coming out
about two weeks that's a week in time
two weeks
see if you can sink you if you can see
we can sing it I think it beats you
hearts Batali's intro Tom oh wait not so
fun backup
but can you vitaliy yeah yeah hey what
if you go in and hold yourself down with
this ledge no I didn't got something to
work Tally's finally living his dream
did a hot tub full of girls yeah baby
if only I was fooling the teller you'd
be the happiest man on the planet all
right we just wrapped our last shoot of
the day it was fun thanks everybody
it's amazing Fatali never stop study
this is where she dreams about on
yo guys thanks so much dude you guys
killed it it was unbelievable such good
work thanks dude from I want to get in
the pool man honest awesome trick my
brother good day my friend good way
today my friends we did yours one day we
do book you did the Lord's work um what
a good good day we are walking back to
the hotel gonna rest up for a minute
don't my blog footage last night I was
up till 3:00 in the morning editing and
I don't want to get back in that
position tonight so I'm gonna do a
little bit of editing now doesn't even
make sense to share that the blog does
it it's meaningless completely
meaningless but anyways that's what
we're doing
alright guys came back up dumped all
this footage and man I'm excited about
this movie guys I know it's been such a
long friggin wait but it's always better
to have quality over quantity so we are
what we're just working hard to make
sure it's perfect we're out here we're
gonna run out again
and that Sun is going down son yeah so
you want a little Sun we chase the Sun
make sure it's always light out you come
late man hahaha
I say this but if you like barbecue ribs
nobody beats it this is the best place
every time for ribs I got steak I guess
two steaks
oh it's cuz it's a play
but it
serious lark it's good we're gonna eat
warping back to the Haryana I'm so sorry
I feel physically exhausted today I
don't know what happened
he's jumping a cop car 20 times like
pinched a nerve in my butt cheek me
massage it for you my butt cheek alright
guys we're gonna call it a night we're
done I'm beat we have to edit we're
gonna get up early and we got to go
we're headed to a new place a new place
we've never been in the vlogs ever we're
headed to a new location and we've never
been in the vlogs and it's gonna be fun
it's going to be very interesting and I
can't wait to share it with you but for
now we got to work or go to edit and
pass out get to the airport so we love
you guys we will see you tomorrow also
we're going to be doing a hoverboard
giveaway on Twitter don't forget follow
us on Twitter this is your last chance
before we launch that contest and yeah
sorry we're off time off tonight I'm
really off tonight
like even talking to the camera I feel
off so uh see them up smile on BEC
you're gonna move in okay oh you're in
here too this beanie on the mirrors so
baby it's a tight fit are we going oh
god you're in the shower too alright
