you still need help go what's up guys
we're kind of out and about today we got
some things to do you know we are
preparing for a big trip this week and
what's up mommy
is it funny wait
right here
we are stopping real fast for some food
cane state keeps disappearing nobody
knows where it goes it's all about mind
tricks to get them to eat I'm only
saying this and sharing this with you
guys to see if I relate to anybody does
anybody else have like constant stomach
problems man like not from the food like
my stomach was her before I got here I
saw this man does anybody have that I
hated definitely my biggest weakness
being out doing my job where I travel a
lot move a lot stomach problems man I
know a lot of you gonna say it's the
food you eat but even when I try to eat
better it just comes and goes I don't
know what it is man someone's out there
has got to have that same thing I got
thanks for leaving me at the restaurant
how to walk if we could just get you to
scare people man we just reached out
it's so funny come on come on
all right guys separating just for a bit
from the family I have to well for the
first time ever I actually have seen
comments that I need to get a haircut so
thank you guys for that
now before I travel always try to get it
cleaned up a little bit we're shooting
some cool stuff this week and I don't
wanna look
you don't want what better than that
headed my buddy John you guys know John
cuts my hair every time that's what all
right now I'm not that really
interesting happening right now I mean
for that guy there's something always
getting cuffed right there and you think
you're having a bad day and you think
you're having about dudes getting
handcuffed right now all right we just
got over to John's what's up buddy
he's bit he's these like me he's got
kids running around everywhere
distracted trying to work and manage
families like a teeter totter you got to
keep it in the middle we are we're
discussing you guys what's it take for
me to do this I really want to do this
this is Johnny cut this guy's hair like
this look at that
leave that was three years ago it was
three years ago yeah I don't want to do
it so bad but I don't I don't I need a
reason Tony guys think I should do this
I really should I don't know I guess so
much going on that's a good idea right
no but made for playlist DC September I
think his mind is yeah man
should I get my head shaved like a
lizard picture what picture I said can't
look that this one I hear oh my gosh you
got old scrap no he's like it's you and
poop me and poop let me see mm I'm let
me see you guys ready for this can you
guys handle this
I look almost exactly the same it won't
focus there yeah how short your hair was
see well I still got a hole in my pants
that's hasn't changed wait what is that
that's just daddy wrestling alligator no
big deal yeah I had him I really like
your hair I'm just cleaning out the
cabinet and found this in the dusty yes
old it's like old spelling all right you
better clean it up don't you train well
it's easy to clean it's not sticky yeah
it's not wet it was like hard and drop
hmm look at that there is no safe spot
in this house and every day something
weird happening oh my
Britany apparently when I was gone she
was digging through crap and found on
scrapbooks they don't look through these
forever it's a little bit of a flashback
just casually getting eaten by a turtle
what day we look like supermodels you
imagine you still made these books these
are crazy I think we probably showed
this in the one before I don't remember
remember you did this you took the
pictures took two pictures and then put
them together this is Brittany a nice
first Halloween together look at us
ridiculous so mom I'll just got here and
she Clinton mom I'll just be honest with
us you guys got to see wrong oh my god
should we show up look let me see
Oh oh my god you know I can't believe
you blame this on King because we all
know we watch the cameras you're playing
on these hoverboards and you blame it on
my boy Todd's here working on the tank
I'm feeding the fish man look he's got
this auto feeder rolling oh yeah it's
just a little bit yeah but can you set
it for like more or less it's supposed
to do it like every twice an hour so you
guys always ask how you feed your fish
while you're gone that's one of the rich
button and what's pretty cool about this
is I can do it I can do it from Los
Angeles I can feed them from my phone
what's he doing just tackling yeah he
wants to give you a black eye I can't
all right guys super excited to announce
this I was gonna wait you guys wanna see
what you sit on right now look at this
this is this is how we vlog man this is
your track matter right now super
excited to announce this I was gonna
wait but I figured why not do it right
now
are you doing in here okay we told you
guys like last week we're gonna do a
sweet giveaway and the two hover boards
that we have the gold in the green we're
not giving those away we're giving two
brand-new ones away not ours hyper walk
the guys that sent us these they just
donated two of them to us to give away
to you guys so we don't have them yet
they're shipping them today or tomorrow
so we're gonna wait to actually announce
the giveaways that we have these things
in our possession but the giveaway is
not on Instagram it's on Twitter do you
want to talk I'm sorry I'm like crazy
here it's gonna be on Twitter guys so
follow us on Twitter right now that's
where we're gonna launch the give away
are you gonna put our Twitter's in the
description yeah hey know our Twitter's
but yeah it'll be in the description
once we get them will say something like
yeah
oh yeah okay oh yeah there's no one
under me
Hey what are you doing
are you changing nothing I was gonna I
was gonna vlog something but it's fine
alright my friends thank you so much for
hanging out with us today thanks for
following and mama hope your eye gets
but it's insane IQ oh my god guys Paul
of Brittany and I links in the
description for our Twitter's if you
want a hoverboard we're doing that's our
next contest on Twitter this time we're
gonna try to switch it up a little bit
that's it that's all we got we'll see
you tomorrow don't forget how beautiful
you are
smile
