hey hey guys today is different than
anything we've ever done before on a
vlog and really is it bad I mean we
share our life with the world what
should we not let's just turn it off we
have reason to believe that it may be a
good time for Brittney to take of some
sort of test so you're gonna tell him
what you want me to Bennie is gonna take
a pregnancy test today that's right
she's a little late
we got home from vacation yesterday and
looked at the calendar and was like I'm
too late in the month and Brittany has
not fully performed her monthly duties
I don't know pretty crazy pretty
exciting actually if you think about it
so we're gonna start our day with that
welcome to our world welcome to our
family and spirits are definitely a part
of it
these new restaurants will have fancy
gadgets this isn't ours that's part of
the restaurant that giving these things
while you're here
you like it came pretty cool don't talk
to me I'm paying
Berman's always get taken the pictures
today Joey yeah I love that man from
Utica all right there
fist bump we got some good ones at least
it's silly nice I'm not even kidding
when we were on our way to eat it was
pouring rain and now it's semi sunny so
we're good we're back on track
yeah it was no he's a bubblegum eater
okay so how do you know which one to buy
cuz there's like a thousand of them
that's the one that said positive when
you had Cain oh boy I'm not imagine
another one it another one at you yeah
threes like if one comes back positive
you take another if it comes back
negative you take another take another
then it's like you know
no you want to poke the viewers are you
pooping on me
come here what do you got in your hand I
say hey this Atwood oh it's you it's
wood and it's yet
Atwood probably spent 25 minutes and the
craft section just the crafts
where's that crown I'll show my pal oh
it's right up there Wow 64 colors
sixty-four color crown should we get one
for the sidewalk no I mean us for just a
color with so much is it it's three
dollars okay ready
dude I like this you guys you can point
at you all right you run a race we're
racing - I got this I got this ready set
go
oh no he's gay no oh he lost a shoe yes
you blow up hey all right you win you
win you win
even without a shoe
don't go into the road Oh Brittany and
Kane just ran in the store and I'm just
sitting here like nervous excited
worried all at once it's like a big
thing to take in today so we'll see what
happens so Brett and I have always been
on the same page where we believe that
when we have a child and it's meant to
be right then we don't really do
anything to not have a child but but I
mean I mean what these like it wouldn't
be bad no it would be great he prayed it
would be both it would just be a
surprise don't just be a surprise
think we're just so busy to even think
about another kid or another we're busy
but a kid would I think we're both ready
to have another kid but we're not like
you can never be ready to get in it when
it happens you become ready
there's never there's always plenty of
excuses to say no we're gonna wait out
here but you'll find out once you have
the kid that that is the right time yeah
tap the kitten and if she is pregnant
then we'll know that we're prepared
we're gonna be prepared to take on
another little rascal and if she's not
then we know that it's just not the
right time yep and I know pregnancy test
that's time to actually get an accurate
test in the mornings and it's definitely
gonna be an evening test so we may not
have the actual is also we'll find out I
can't believe we're sharing us all with
you I know but but in years from now
this is the footage we want to see us
tom so you kind of it's it's a it's a
give-and-take and we want them to know
like and imagine hiding you know what
most people um and it's smart most
people wait to tell people they're
bringing it till you know it's far
enough along that you know it's gonna
happen tell me you have a good chance
that the babies come it's kind of risky
to bring it up before then all right
guys back home we got a bunch of crap
and had to get done Cain we haven't even
been home 24 hours dude it looks like
hurricane that's why it's hurricane are
you taking it right now yeah I just got
done about my swimwear stuff I got to I
thought you don't wait till tomorrow
morning no that's right yeah you gotta
take it tonight I have to mentally we'll
just be out of your way in Hey hey Bob
hey what you gonna do about this house
ah last time she took one of these
little tests we ended up with this dun
dun duh my little monster match into it
2kings oh man
these are funny times man these are
funny times to share with you guys to be
on this is crazy
hey why do we beat me up now I miss my
little cuddle bug the one that just hung
out and slept on my chest
we broke up I don't think so this is a
relaxing spot for me are you done
already but you're supposed to let it
sit for three minutes all right put on
the table don't look at it on table just
put it down don't touch pee on it oh my
god you girls are silver sometim never
peed in a cup yeah actually
okay I only pee Antos get over here what
I'm not gonna load Oh make you look can
you want to look oh two lines means
pregnant one line no it's not like a
smiley face no oh no those are marks hey
Cosmo do they work better how do you
know this works
oh so nervous three putting this on
chill I got it what we should end it
like TV show you know they end it right
here this would be the cliffhanger it in
the episode you want to see okay let's
do it let's do it all right guys I've
done this before I've looked so I'm
gonna look I'm gonna be the first you
wanna let just look at it with me okay
are you ready yeah let's do this this is
serious this is Family Matters not
pregnant is it one lime it's not
pregnant
yeah you can't see it but that's it
there's one long I'm not pregnant it's
that easy that's that's that I mean
that's that's that's one you gotta take
one one test and you gotta take it in
the morning yeah I know a lot of people
are priority though there's symptoms to
be in bring that you guys should know we
know trust me we would not be even at
this point of taking a test unless we
didn't have real strong beliefs it's
actually pretty surprising me I've had
I know I'm actually a little bummed out
I would love to have another person
punching and kicking me all day yeah but
I guess the truth will be tomorrow
morning there's still they see take them
in the Moines for some reason for your
best results
that's one take two more tomorrow but
usually that's that's pretty accurate
those things are accurate man I want
another guy that was like I'm gonna make
something you pee on it just tells you
if you're pregnant how many people in
that room to start laughing all right
would have been I've been like yeah okay
you figured it out like I don't know
there's one sort of hormone that you're
maybe one of our viewers took a
pregnancy test today do never know maybe
okay guys we were gonna end it there um
of course tomorrow morning we'll
probably have more of an update and you
know we'll keep you posted and just
that's all I got for you today thank you
guys for coming up and hanging out and
being a part of this crazy stuff that we
go through every day how many of you
would like to see another little Atwood
running around here in this house I
don't know if we can handle it leave
this place just be like digging paths to
the kitchen I guess would be we love you
guys and if any of you were out there
took a test today we'd love to hear your
results because you never know we can we
have enough viewers that maybe somebody
did so we love you guys thank you for
everything we will see you tomorrow
smile more here yeah that's like I got a
nice like a good him yes oh oh oh I got
him got him got him
