Helly I'm gonna let you go here yeah
holy crap
hi caters Oh
so when you think of an office it's
usually pretty boring pretty dusty not
Carl's man look what you've done dude
look at this break room all these
machines work yeah that's amazing he's
got a he's got a slide that goes from
the upstairs to the downstairs hey your
genius cane
do you want go down the slide you have
to where else is there a slide inside a
in an office let's try it well man it
looks fast Kane are you ready
mmm come on you go with me we're so
crazy this when are we gonna shoot a
video with this think of the pranks that
are available this thing I don't know or
even the DeLorean I mean just stuff so
legit oh my god it's so awesome I can't
believe you have one of these
I actually remember when you had the
Batmobile delivered so we were hanging
out last night crawl was like you've got
to come over in the morning we got to do
this picture for your Instagram so
that's what we came over for you
actually saw video because you got all
gonna say that it was photoshopped I
already know it right that's what
everyone says it's otoshi um I don't
think so that's why we made a little
video at the beginning of this vlog and
it's a big secret honey I'm gonna let
you go here yeah
you're flowing holy crap
Kane isn't having here who wouldn't be
like this is a kid's dream look at you
you are full of toys oh my gosh so Carl
makes toy makes toys literally makes
toys it's unbelievable and he just he
just filled bags on but his toys for
King that's him yep wieners had a great
time huh Carl taught me how to do
levitation so it's unbelievable I
levitated Brittany you guys saw on the
vlog and over on Instagram you got to go
check out the picture it's unbelievable
it's not Photoshop yeah but it's not
Photoshop like that's why I did the
video because you guys would all say
it's Photoshop
I know it doesn't video but we're
finally getting rain guys it's been I
don't know weeks we went from rain every
day to no rain no just running home real
quick and then I think we're gonna go
back out you know put your slippery yeah
yeah just throw them in the kitchen dude
that's where they go
here here ready put yours here honey
yeah this little brace little rice cheat
codes
- creepin ones creepin you win I think I
supposed to be a windy day we just saw
you bored oh yeah that's what it says
now you just run around biggest supposed
to be kind of windy maybe a fan
tie the end way but put something in the
end here's a rubber band here don't tie
it the it is better running games we are
headed downtown right now I guess this
place we have downtown called cosine is
that yeah can I get frying give it is
that like a chain like the other cities
have cosa
I don't know if don't go see I guess
they're doing like this cool nighttime
thing right dogs an adults-only plants
midnight planetary I don't know what
it's called I'm just losing you guys now
you want to
don't unsubscribe or you go check it out
should be cool for the vlog I would
think it supposed to be pretty unique so
let's turn it up how long does it take
to build something like this cozy on
your right will be cozy cosine cosine it
says wrong way well we weren't the only
people that knew about this place holy
cow to be super busy let's see if I can
get it going
sorry
there's this SOCOM it's a pretty much a
bunch of moving parts interesting things
what are you taking this so far it's
like that it's like a grown-up's played
a it's like an excuse to be a kid
basically that's what that's what I'm
seeing which I like
right
let's fill that sucker yeah there we go
burn hole
Oh actually
so basically it's a bunch of grown-ups
fine alcohol and being kids I think it's
the greatest thing ever look at this
doll she looks so freaky laid her hand
okay we're gonna go watch this chick
blow stuff up but I'm late the door shut
all right we're warping into the olden
days I don't know I feel like I'm losing
my voice it's really bad
I'm losing my voice I'm really worried
these paintings were made out of
jellybeans
they're jellybeans ooh
we need some jellybeans are in our house
cool oh you should try it is what
happens when you're in outer space
take a dome
I'm not sure how much of this I can film
but it's called planetarium and
apparently it's like it's like a lot
look at this screen look at the size of
the screen it's like a movie theater
about space I think I would say right
right behind the railing we want the car
that's awesome
we all look like idiots right now we're
trying to find space like we're all
scientists now we're like yeah that's
the Big Dipper and Orion's belt and we
are technically we just got certified
with that butyl juice that sober acid
trip so awesome it was unbelievably
sixty movie screen and you just like fly
through and I thought it was outer space
but it was just digital I heard someone
in there say that they took some videos
and I think they're gonna email it to
you I don't know yeah that was
unbelievable it was crazy I didn't even
know like screens could be 360 it's like
the new technology of 360s coming in
fast it was a 360 screen I mean it
doesn't go to the floor but it's the
start of a full theatre there was
actually a video of us being on a roller
coaster it was up there yeah alright
guys we just got home and I realized I
have a freaking police car I own a
police car what am I gonna do with this
police car it's gotta be something
incredible man like what can I do it's
legit like everything you guys have to
help me come up with something like I
want to build a ramp and just launch it
in the backyard or so I want to do
something crazy you guys gotta help
what's up baby where is that real what
happened what happened what happened
we called hit where's my god hey hey did
you accidentally get Momo boo-boo
that's a big boo-boo oh he cares about
the balloon - what - say hey tell mom
Onis tomorrow more now these great
father is hurt I'm legitimately tired
like exhaustion I'm gonna pour mom all
black and blue when we show up I guess
they they like pumped heads or something
I don't know Gumby I'm exhausted I
usually try to like pick it up for you
guys and give you energy and I try to
pump you up
every time I'm on this camera right now
I feel like I'm about to just keel over
it I might yeah we love you guys so much
you are wonderful
amazing you're awesome tell me what to
do with this cop car tell me how we did
the levitation just have fun with this
vlog guys I love your positive energy I
think as far as the YouTube community
goes we have one of the greatest most
positive comments sections on the planet
you guys are wonderful you're amazing I
love you small one yes
just toss it in the air alright folks if
ruin ever
