what's up guys today we are starting our
day on a boat doing some reef fishing
trying to catch our own dinner tonight
we've all been eatin fish all week and
we decided let's catch our own dinner
eat fresh tonight that's what we're
doing we got our man Captain Kirk here
with us today and that is his name
captain okay gotcha send us Captain Kirk
nay friend mr. Spock would say let's all
live long and prosper
what are we fishing with here today
calamari calamari wait so if we don't
catch no fish we can always eat no you
all the way down to bottom so you know
we're at the bottom because then it'll
be nice and slow just let it go
this is 360 cans roll yeah great
catching whales hopefully maybe okay
yeah great you ready to catch something
grab this one's a big that's a big I
don't know you wanna you don't think she
can handle a long pole I was gonna give
our shark sure gonna drop straight down
and then you're gonna lock it when it
hits miss and I know it hits well you're
gonna know and this thing stops feeding
line you know you're at the round the
bottom
I'm helping make sure you're not in the
rough now you might be into
yeah yeah ah ah all right got me my
first fish which one what's this one
called Kirk that's a squirrel fish
squirrel fish ah let's bring him in yeah
squirrel squirrel looking I'd he said
they spoke you're pretty good uh yeah I
go use a towel to take him up he's
beautiful
okay fella all right just relax
he's got these spikes see all those
spikes yep all over all over all over
he's pretty protected yeah oh yeah yes
come on guys I'm to-to-to up on you I
got me a pogey two for two
we're in Rome taking over this boat come
on guys oh I got lucky you as a small oh
you just jump back in yeah I don't save
them yeah you got lucky yeah you got one
on the board else one up
look at this beautiful strawberry
grouper let him drop down get him in
your eye
oh nice I want you ride hold your fish
you want him come out a little bit more
that's a price right okay then come to
yes awesome
all you get you got you to get another
car would see your picture
we are moving locations right would you
get to fish
we got three yeah I got three it's so
wavy this water is unbelievable I hear
it's so blue it's like kool-aid dad's
first fish way to go pops
yes um that's what numbers eight nine
and nine your Killa what's the closest
to that 353 yay laughs just caught a
sand fish really pretty it's kind of
like Annie Annie ramp and set it up Wow
guys pretty pretty ela SHhhh check out
what just happened to me this is a steel
leader this is steel ate it up like
nothing this is a thick hook completely
chewed it in half the hook and
everything chewed in half like nothing
ah yeah you guys are unbelievable
oh he's looks it's so rocky out here you
guys ever seen those fishing shows where
it's really exciting this is what it's
actually like a whole lot of waiting
yeah I don't nobody do it up here it's
definitely a little more movement up
here made it back on the land who took
the lead Dale killed it 14 let's now go
crazy now the fish did win the dunk you
cut there stop hanging out with this guy
grabbing some food before we have our
actual dinner tonight they're going to
play up some of the fish we cop
we got the three sick you want to set
that up goal all 360 everybody actually
like the lunch time
Oh like
now let's just set it up and go wrong
yeah I've showed it that's it it's on
it's gonna start on you probably just
going to put together like a 360 blog
through all our days just kind of report
some things throughout the week put up
one blog
so the other day we came down this is
kind of where the bonfire was down there
on that end I want to take a picture but
it's high tide the only way to get there
there is no beach this is usually Beach
during low tide say it's fun though huh
look this is where we found the crab are
you going to scare Brittany with
remember it was all sand so this is a
amazing spot to get a family picture if
I want to do an Instagram pic of me and
the family right here all week but we
haven't had blue sky and perfect Sun and
I wanted this we all just ran down here
to do this it's gonna be pretty
it's mr. Sandman sing me a song
buh-buh-buh-buh I'm not gonna
it's jumping sponge nasty whoa okay yeah
I'm doing doing doing okay huh
have fun Sam man I'll see you in a
little bit bye mono my mom hmm
hey my foot rub you wanna good I need
help
kara look at this what's up baby how are
you
we're about we just got to the we're
gonna watch dad it's Friday
Masek parking on ya ivc's already so
we're here we brought the kids not not
Katie's - you little so here we go let's
go let's get in here I'm gonna record
the whole movie put on YouTube work this
kid that's the first movie I've ever
been to where they have guards walking
up and down it see that whole appearance
like like look like military walking oh
yeah that's the police if they were the
only thing I would put your cell phone
away no cell phone in their cell phone
please probably probably great movie
fantastic I enjoyed it two thumbs up
yeah I was a little worried usually when
they remake big movies like a head
could be real loser that's great would
you think I'd watch I'd watch it again
that was a movie I wouldn't read it okay
we are back and Britney and keen stayed
because he's a little too young I would
have took him honestly it was
unbelievable but they all took his kids
and they were more freaked out there's
some pretty gnarly scenes in there me
and know loved it
of all things to do on vacation we go to
the movie theaters and watch a movie
actually we do it all the time on
vacations the movie theatres yeah
remember when we used to go to the Outer
Banks every year we'd always try to go
to movie theaters you were probably too
young though you priced stayed at home
pooping in your pants how you feeling
about vacay man you having a good trip
I'm having a good trip
these guys having a good trip with us
you guys enjoying the trip I am
not a great time with you just every
minute with you on the dirt can't beat
that
well the sorting thing is been holding
MRO I'll see you then
sleep super duper party pooper I love
you
dun dun dun dun doesn't
ah mr. dinosaur I just watched a bunch
of dinosaurs
hey you bite my leg you're biting my leg
it's a serious what's all over your face
chocolate cake chocolate cake
why are you doing that the guilty face
you guys picked out while we were gone
we ready go on a little date you guys
went on a date without daddy yeah oh man
skaters date dad you can go edit this
video first you get a dinosaur he
brought it with him
okay well very interesting guys very
interesting
I'm gonna go wrap this video up good one
I know game I hear oh dear give me five
he was so he was just so happy
like I was like let's go down get some
dessert it's a really are you rocking at
all like rocking from that boat today I
when I stand still I'm just like I feel
like I'm rocking back and forth it's
crazy
Wow a whole new mystery huh every day is
an adventure with the I was we are
wrapping up tonight my friends um I got
like I wonder like today I'm wondering
what's it like these guys I see a lot of
ships out here off this island
and they're on these boats for months at
a time I wonder what it feels like to
get onto land after you've been in any
type of movement for that one is so
weird even even a few hours today my
legs feel weird we are booking a lot of
you guys know I am a I'm up scuba diving
I'm certified in many ways scuba diving
we are booking a cool scuba trip in the
next two days hopefully tomorrow but
probably going to be the next day I
don't know we'll see so probably more
underwater scenes but I just love it so
much I love capturing that stuff and
showing you guys and I hope you enjoy it
just the heads up for you guys at the
end watch this video all the way till
now I'm going to post the GoPro but or
not the GoPro the 360 cam pic on
Instagram right
today today so the competition will be
running today and that's just for you
guys
so I know we got some Fisher's out there
guys that go fishing all the time girls
we did a coefficient trip today and
we've been fishing since real little
kids me and my brother my dad took us
since we were little kids and I want to
get today one of your some fishing
stories we had so much fun out there
today definitely it's a bonding
experience you have fun one-on-one it's
just great and you know I want to hear
some stories because I know there's a
lot of fishers watching these videos
anyways we love you guys Thanks
follow-up support to this family and
myself you guys are you guys are on the
lingual we really can't get over it it's
it's it's like a real thing like we have
a family we meet you guys it's like
we've all known each other it's like hey
what's up it's like no oh that's so
weird
I'm Jeff I'm talking too much we'll see
us tomorrow we love you smile on this
amazing city just above a beautiful
coral reef it goes all up and down these
rocks and uh there's the beach way over
there
