friends it is absolutely breathtaking
today we've just arrived to a little
place called Paradise Cove and I don't
think it's hard to figure out why it's
named Paradise Cove it's supposed to be
one of the greatest snorkeling spots on
the island in fact behind these islands
I guess is where you go out and you
snorkel people come here three four
times a year just to snorkel these spots
they're protected you're not allowed to
fish here so it really makes for a
beautiful reef and as you guys know by
all my vacation videos and my lifestyle
I love the ocean my entire tattoo is the
ocean I have a little ocean in my living
room I'm addicted to it so that's why
you always find me in these beautiful
little spots right here hidden amongst
the earth pot baby huh
ready to do this can be awesome you see
an octopus today no one wants to find an
octopus you know how hard they are to
find like sand castle let me see Oh
think you need wet arse and you need wet
sand stick
here we are day 35 basta see nothing to
be found
just the beautiful coral reef it goes
all up and down these rocks and there's
the beach way over there and they put
these little basely breast areas for you
to catch your breath and know you're
doing awesome and I'm so proud of you
coming out here this is ruff ruff water
but we made it
I'm so proud of you did you did the
whole trip guys this is I don't have you
can tell far this is but we start down
on this end and dropped off in a boat
all the way down and then the current
push that's pretty far out this way so
now we did a very adult snorkel trip
ocean makes you hungry man swim it just
burns calories we got here the girl
caught a grouper I like I like what you
taking Noah y'all kinda stuff fresh
mango daiquiris fresh mango
I keep seeing all the locals drinking
this right here ginger beer I thought I
had alcohol doesn't it's just like a
ginger ale and it's actually canned it's
actually can't here in the Bahamas 1874
that's good you wanna try that it's like
really good ginger ale yeah no it
doesn't have beer would I give you
something I'll go in it
no never
it's soda it's like root beer you drink
root beer ginger beer it's super good
okay so apparently guys if you hang a
bag of water just a bag of water in a
ziploc bag it keeps all the flaws wet
what do you think of that
I don't know if it's true so that's the
trick of the day bag of water over your
food over your kitchen over your kitchen
table oh that look I want that yes had a
great time check this little shopping
card out Kane it's a little different
than at home you can't really ride in it
well Paradise Cove was freaking
unbelievable guys definitely if you come
to this part of the Bahamas you go there
10 out of 10 in my book
they're losing it we need syrup for
pancakes tomorrow oh you found your
favorite all-in-one peanut butter and
jelly all-in-one what would you do with
yourself
I give him a spoon I bet he would eat
this whole jar one here on the back side
of that little island snorkeling Noah
was like dad if you can swim down
there's an Apple product down there this
is what was down there you guys saw me
pick it up you guys seen me pick it up
in the GoPro footage then get it out
that's mine and this one's no Lowe's
okay mommy has stuff in here okay those
those out
get those out
oh pretty pretty
Oh
Wow so I normally I normally went and
put things in the blog like this because
I don't necessarily want to influence
people to drop things off at our hotels
but we came back there was a nice little
package to our family from Josh and his
family his mom owns a jewelry company
she sells seashells she sells seashells
he made us some bracelets and a little
couple jewelry for Brittany so awesome
man thank you for that cane loves it too
he's wearing the bracelet come here cane
come here I'm gonna see it these are the
Bahama colors you like it the kids are
playing with Grandma grandpa'll in the
water and we're taking a little walk
look how pretty this is this is amazing
Wow when you think of this trip so far
it is going down remember at night the
water will be all the way down there Oh
she's a hero she's a hero he does not
want to get out
pretty sure Kane wants to sleep in the
ocean tonight he does not ever want to
get out
sit he's one with the water now
he's gonna be just like Daddy are you
freezing through this kid's been
swimming all day they're doing this
crazy karaoke right now are you gonna
get in there Brett King King King King
King it's ghost it's the ghost okay we
want to see your face are you hiding oh
it's not actually Kane we had that King
there was a little accident we had to
get a double so we can't show his face
it's cool
come here baby hey I know you're not the
real Kane but I'm gonna pretend like I
love you so much
if you see the real King make sure you
tell him that I love him
okay all right good night fake Kane
these are the headphones never found at
the ocean today in the ocean they work
perfect this works too maybe maybe the
iPod works too if anybody was snorkeling
at the Paradise Cove we may have you're
really skipping through the evening
today guys forgive us for you know I'm
definitely guilt huh definitely a little
guilty of setting the camera down on
this vacation
what is it what is it when I change the
AC out there what no does it feels way
being here yeah here is that's no be a
shame dude don't be a shame
love you captain you too man you're the
best night sleep great
alright guys once again thank you for
joining my family and I on such a
wonderful trip we already had such a
good time together all of us I know
sometimes I'm not able to show it
because I set the camera down I start
hanging out with the fam I'm like crap
my camera so forgive me for that but
we're having a blast we're having a good
time it's so needed huge project
starting when we get back home very big
projects as most of you guys know the
relaxing slow fun time will end soon
once we get back to reality other than
that guys that's all I have for you
today thank you for coming I know you're
probably sick of the underwater scenes I
just love them so much it's my favorite
place in the world is under that ocean
so I'll keep it to a minimum but uh we
love you thank you guys and thanks for
all the support as always we will see
you tomorrow don't forget how awesome
your smile
