what's up guys we're going over all
today starting in the shower
no not missing any opportunity here -
boy oh you're in here - you know what
I'll try to vlog I can't even see it so
how many of you guys remember we stash
our vlog that's like a real thing we
used to do I think you guys would be
really into this what do you guys think
like a shower wrestling blog where we
actually wrestle on the show at camel
clutch
oh haha Swiss oh it's wrong tendon and
and and and and I don't know so smooth
okay Oh what's up guys good morning hey
what's so beautiful
what's okay what's up guys oh God
hope you're having a fantastic day
Kayne are you sure you're okay down here
you just want to hang out down here it
did it eat it did it did it is all right
I'm doing it with even if you're gonna
stay down there
blender time okay one second we're gonna
make the craziest smoothie ever that's a
peach
that's Kiwi okay this is completely
experimental I've never tried one like
this we've got spinach we've got carrots
we've got some leftover strawberries
bananas kiwi peaches mixed frozen
berries yogurt blue berries berries more
berry strawberries in mint leaves that's
a ridiculous smoothie right then I have
no idea what its gonna taste like we're
gonna put it all in and find out right
now here's what we got so far two full
bananas mixed frozen berries seven cut
up strawberries one entire peach and a
hand big handful spinach
Oh baby mix it up mix it up
okay we've added half a Kiwi one step of
net Leafs 10 carats 10 baby carrots not
in yours your yours is regular fruit I
had all mine later yeah I'm gonna like
this end when I get back you're gonna
help me in the store what does that mean
oh we're gonna pack with those measure
away 43 and a half
oh no expert but I'd say 43 and a half
should do it what it weird ones I mean
weird curtains usually go down too they
cover up the frame or they stop like oh
no they don't so they go down a little
lower than the frame a little Laura
mm-hmm I mean guys I'm a fan of the
zebra blanket I am but it comes a time
in every man's life where he needs a
curtain you know let's see let's see we
got here
burning up this that's easy now easy
you guys got a CD huh what is that oh
hang on yeah I got too much stuff here
okay have fun
see you soon
cease it's not like a split like
Brittany's going out with Grandma oh
mama whatever you want to call her she
is uh they're gonna go out have some fun
go out and our main goal is to get
blinds not blinds
I mean curtains curtains okay have fun
it's hot I'm gonna take that I'm gonna
take the little munchkin swimming or
something Rob you and your vlogging
you're vlogging yeah hi
you gonna try let's switch it up a
little bit today I'm back and forth back
and forth I love you I check these out I
got these for armed for shooting look at
these like full-body targets pretty
awesome actually got it for my brother
because you guys know we hand draw love
targets on cardboard so this is gonna be
way easier hey guys it's we're not
having a screen on this just sitting
here waiting on mom all maybe she didn't
hear me honk the horn
just kidding let's go get it there's
Louie wow you're so protective
Oh me I was like Shannon kitty oh my
gosh
Lily its alone oh yeah yeah oh my gosh
alright bye Louise get back trollee
around circles did it look like our own
I had the car cleaned
Donald 9 years of death we're getting
curtains you're getting curtains yeah
Gina Christmas for where for our
bathroom and bedroom oh and something
for the kitchen door
Lance yeah something yeah just something
we can pull shut oh ok so our mission
today is to get curtains
I thought we make it we make it into
trouble before or after oh well I've
been in trouble for years
ok so grandma I came in like Bed Bath
and Beyond which has everything
grandma has never been into a bed bath
Beyond no I haven't what do you think
lots of stuff here ought to find what we
need
they have everything ocean or look at
this road pen they just have really cool
like different things for the home for
the home hey grandma you think Grumman
would like these for our bedroom think
so no how about a bathroom I don't how
about purple I don't even like to help
you don't you so every summer I try to
relearn how to do a gainer that's where
you run forward and you do a back flip
every year I forget how to do it and it
takes me 100 tries to learn so I'm going
to try right now to do it
Hey ready and jumping jumping got it
you're standing by yourself it's like
just able to touch grandma did someone
call the cops on you
absolutely he in trouble bad girl your
dream that's not the first time you've
seen a cop car has it no that's how am I
seen it there's no arrest me
okay so we didn't find we didn't find
whoo whoo it feels good mold in here we
didn't find what we need it's we're
gonna come to another place as curtains
hopefully we can find what we want for
the back room oh my gosh Kane would love
these look at these tights I think I
should get these and wear I'm just for
Kane okay guys first some frickin reason
they want like 48 inch blinds they're
all 52 I'm about to buy them and cut
them Roman would love that I'm sure
they're all so long
it says more sizes available online
I don't know why we just don't order
everything online
did you find happen mylord girls
Harken bang good cups are I mean I found
a 36 you mean this is too big look at
the cup on that my just think it's my
face picking the legs rear lifting you
need some rear liftgate no my rear oh my
gosh guys I don't know if you remember
when we were in I like we went out
shopping for grandma's underwear hmm
that was on the vlog yeah now we're all
shopping
are these the curtains yellow alligator
girls that is that toy box
clean up Caine's room
good job on the curtains so far so good
check this out guys a little cover up
for our back door look at this oh it
only goes to there only goes to that
would you do two in the package ooh yeah
but two then there'd be a seemed like it
should just be one well they don't have
they don't have they don't make it guys
that's what she said are you crazy
I've never seen one nothing well it's
not so bad I found this today this is
how we butter the clue I don't get it
what do you do
no look put butter in the end your
butter buddy buddy butter butter buddy
look at you man you getting dinner ready
what we're doing it old-school baby yeah
having like all types of troubles with
my grill I don't know what's going on
what go above 300 degrees so I got my
tank back there somewhere I'm gonna try
to exchange it
hopefully that fix it grill problems you
know grill pro why do i film these
things here's a really good one for
anybody that's doing youtube or anybody
just starting their own business anybody
trying to make it doing anything on
their own somebody sent me this uh I
don't know how they got it but they sent
me a screenshot of my main youtube
channel back in I don't know how old it
is but I want to show you guys this
because it's unbelievable um this is the
old YouTube layout this is what it
looked like this is my channel Roman
Atwood channel channel views 4200 views
total upload views oh yeah channel views
total upload views 37 hundred
subscribers 570 subscribers the funny
thing about the story is I remember
being so excited for 500 subscribers
like to me that was like oh my god I
made it like it's kind of inspiring to
me to see this this makes me really want
to keep working hard because I just
looking back I can't believe that it was
ever like that it's crazy so you can do
it guys whether you start a business or
start in YouTube or you want to learn
how to do a backflip on a bike I don't
know you can do it man I promise how I
can't repeat myself I feel I gotta
remind you every day because you forget
or something all right got it got a new
tank if this one doesn't work then it's
my grill which I don't know if I don't
know all right guys here goes nothing
where they're eating tonight
but we're eating cereal come on baby
lemma whoo oh it's working it's on fire
it's 600 degrees
Wow steak's ready that sucker is hot see
you got the banana bunker out you put a
banana in there and protect it oh oh
baby sweet corn and noodles uh-huh but I
can't figure out is that a real plate
wait is that where's my paper place
where is my favorite plate
silverware this is cool oh you got up
you got the papers right so we're half
eating appropriately tonight with real
plates and silverware I'm kind of proud
of us
cain't already ate always steak yeah
killing the noodles how do you guys eat
your steak this is a big debate always
starts a fight - how do you eat your
steak medium-well yeah we eat our steak
medium-well like just a little pink in
the middle but man some people get so
mad about that you ruin the steak ah
like my not be mooing yeah like I want I
don't want it to be alive anymore when
I'm eating it
some people eat it like just barely
cooked so it's just bleeding I don't
know not for me not for me we like our
cow not to move when we eat it
alright guys this next piece is probably
not for you it's more for me Brittany my
family I want to remember this in the
future a lot of the reason we do these
vlogs is so that we have memory it's a
vlog so we're building a collection of
our life in these videos so this is kind
of for us I want to remember this little
company that we started called the smile
Moore store and how Brittney and I used
to spend all these nights in our
basement filling your guys's orders I
didn't always have this this is kind of
a new thing right here but this is the
process I have a stack of orders and
then I make them and then Brittney
double checks them and fills them super
cool that we have this little process
shelfs are embarrassed embarrassingly
empty but I come back and I grab
whatever I need products and pens
how many of you guys have been watching
since Brittany used to handwrite the
orders in our old house or our old house
was half the size of this basement not
even I remember we had boxes in our
kitchen and our living room the whole
upstairs was just smile more merch
it was just shirts we didn't have any of
this stuff well at first I was sending
out stickers just envelope stickers was
our first project was it yes more
stickers she just hand wrote every order
not that we had many orders but it was a
lot for us
now it's mam you guys - you'd be working
like you would be able to head right no
no no this is so crazy how crazy our
life is now man it's so good all good
things no complaints we're actually
going to end the vlog I have Brittany
vlog today I hope she I haven't seen the
footage yet cuz you didn't say bye you
kicked her out of the car didn't you
um I've got GoPro footage I've got tons
of stuff we're getting up early and
headed out so I got to get all this done
tonight I love you guys so much thanks
as always for everything and we will see
you tomorrow
smile more you're beautiful woo man that
one shook huh woo
