what's up guys I know you're probably
getting sick of seeing these on the
internet but they just arrived here
today and I got a turn I'm open I was
gonna do it off the vlogs you guys
probably tired of him sneeze but anyway
here they are let's open them up what is
this no need a little knife e alright
open it up we're gonna do with another
cane we got enough canes running around
here no more canes we're sending this
one back have you ever tried this before
the first time oh you got the moves girl
you got the moves what are you doing why
are you going why you spinning just
drive no no balance out can you ready
try it
you don't want to try it you could do it
yeah okay now just think about it we've
had about 10 companies reach out to us
about these things and they're all over
the internet they're super popular right
now this is the first company that
actually shipped them to us so I'm gonna
give him a big shout out Brits try not
to die out there
she's unsurvivable to while these guys
are for a hyper walk the other guys that
sent us these and I'm gonna be honest
we're gonna beat the crap out of us I
don't know if they were expecting us to
like play on these or whatever but we're
gonna beat them up we're gonna have fun
with it I'm gonna put their Twitter in
the description this video go tell them
thank you and we're gonna have fun with
these let's get a run over to my mom and
dad's real fast I want to talk to my mom
yesterday I told you guys that we hit a
billion years
first things I did was called my mom
because what you guys listen the story
but I want to talk to her today about it
as to what she's thinking that's a great
that's good it's good to have things
like that dude you haven't even ever got
on one you're already riding it so mom I
told all these guys about the billion
views story oh thanks guys
she did it we had this discussion
earlier that maybe the fate of Sciences
she actually did give him the 1 million
views or no yeah she really did but they
knew who you were and actually made at
the billion it was just that was really
complicated I get better when I did it I
think that you put a billion on because
you knew you were going to watch my
videos a billion times well I just think
it was great well we killed him really
fast guys although they weren't charged
down at the box so we got what we got
out of them but try to charge them up do
a fun video for you tonight hopefully
this year do it all
we are ants in our pants don't leave Y
tons ants out here in the country you
get ants no matter what every single
year this year is especially bad if
there's something on the floor you might
find a couple ants so so usually I get
these little pellets that work really
good but this is all I have right now
this is really hold it's all dusty and
dirty I'm not gonna work
come over here follow your Poppa follow
your Poppa no don't look at it don't
point it at your face spray it down
it'll take a minute to get through this
little line
so we're gonna do this all the way
around the house right against the wall
in the rock there you go
I told you guys this was exciting like I
know you want to watch this it's amazing
forget it I'll probably never walk again
I have no reason to ever walk again this
is the future my friends all right guys
so sometimes we don't always have a vlog
I'm gonna be honest with you this week
especially has been hard for us there's
been a lot of things in camp dumb things
and crap that we just don't film so
tonight we're gonna make up our own
little challenges here whoa kids are
sleeping gonna miss out on all this fun
the first one that we came up with was
uh tug of war actually was Dale's idea
of course he would come up with that I
feel like right away she should have a
little handicap like whenever you guys
are voting in the comments tonight
whenever you guys vote in the comments
just remember that I've had way more
experience so give her a little like
give her a little bonus
you can't use any none of this it's just
no muscle you can only use the machine I
think go
you magic like eight people and you guys
imagine that with like eight people like
8 on 8
I got this back forward all right how
about spins how many spins you can do
laps
alright guys in most of our weird videos
like the Legos videos we always let you
guys be the judge on the challenge so we
are now gonna see who can spin the most
and the longest we're not gonna cow I
guess you guys can count and vote who
does it better let's do it
there's no way I can't even see that's
like another level that's another level
of dizzy oh my I couldn't talk or do
nothing I was just in the light you
lasted way longer than me my whole
thought was why are we doing this by the
fishtank that's my whole thought like
anywhere was there okay stupid eye on
this one we have to come into the screen
and kiss that's it no hands
you're it well I think I drifted ready
set go
keep going I'm done what happened no no
I
I lost it up there that's like a weird
thing we did we camera alright guys come
on you guys are quicker than us what can
we do with these things
um I've got some big ideas but just some
fun stuff I wanna do some fun stuff we
uh that's it we're done
I'm gonna break something the kids are
trying to sleep it's just whoa holy crap
oh my god oh my all right guys we gotta
call it tell us in the comments who won
I don't even know if it was a chat I
mean yeah we kind of were competing this
is our excuse flogged guys this is our
excuse flog we're gonna we're gonna have
a big day tomorrow actually finally this
week's been weird for us man I'm sorry
I've asked for forgiveness over and over
but this is our day man there's not much
I can do about it
either way we love you guys tell us you
won in the comments and tell us what
some fun things we can do with these
around the handles challenge us we'll
see you tomorrow
we love you smile more it is around the
house look see you
