what's up guys it is 653 in the morning
are you ready we're gonna race this car
today what's up guys we are at the Mid
Ohio racetrack today we got around
garage look at this Mustang we're gonna
see some sweet freakin cars today we're
gonna hopefully not total my car and
we're gonna have a lot of fun so here we
go
first things first everything has to be
out of our everything you have anything
in the car even your floor mats gotta
come out everything in the four bucks
I apparently you're number two no number
27 I guess that they know what rank
you're gonna be in at the end of the day
and after that last am I gonna go home
in one piece yeah yeah
this is all guns
gotta go do office last we're getting
ready to do like a trial run this is
basically you learn the track you drive
really slow meaning this structure is
going to go I'm going to record it I'm
sure my reaction to the track for the
first time ever is going to be funny so
we're about to go now make sure I got
these hooked up right
is that mine this is mine
he goes first lap first lap ever
going out back
they're backing up
really nervous man
good so we're using these earpieces yeah
all of you put
afterwards Olga
oh cool I can hear myself
on a mine on yet
is number 27 did he think it's number
I'm never going home yeah
how is it I mean it was awesome I want
more minutes like a whole other world
we're not done yet
so just in my first couple laps ever out
on the track now the fun stuff actually
going to like a little classroom and
learn what are we going to learn in the
classroom we learn about apexis and turn
in early or turn in late all of good how
to be safe on track those are probably
good things no say this is the classroom
over
the Lightning class
we got a little bit of downtime in the
schedule and show you guys how cool are
so many awesome cars just everywhere
there's so much variety here I love it
nice Camaro this is pretty ridiculous
Wow
I don't even know what any of this does
not
that's a spaceship that could fly this
is pretty this is pretty good no doubt I
mean look at this guy's who doesn't want
to do this
they're getting ready to go for time
trials so they're racing for time possum
David
are you gonna do it you guys are Mustang
fans there they're everywhere here
they're beautiful or awesome put the
inside of this beast I got to keep
practicing man I got to keep practicing
all right man we're ready to go out
round three session three out of what we
got four total for total all right and
as soon as I get back Oh Brittany's
gonna film the door or Ryan he's going
to take one right
you were flying you did so good oh yes
yeah you look like you're getting a lot
more comfortable yeah force rolling time
oh yeah like yeah let's uh is it GoPros
on huh beautiful that is
yeah that is so fun isn't it amazing Wow
one there's never enough all right
pretty ready yeah Jay's gonna give her a
ride in the GTR this guy how long how
long you been driving Jay since uh 99 or
2000 in that rain and he's been an
instructor for oh man since so I don't
know the past four years five years or
so basically he knows on a frickin draw
I already told him to go thanks and have
fun it's awesome
we're seatbelt buckle up yep
is going to watch for out there
but for the fault
how'd you do little girl so awesome
how'd she do J he was a trooper guys
looked like you were stuck with a lot of
cars yeah what was your names Jack Jack
any group Andrew these guys came up
asked for a picture earlier and I was
like yes and then they're out here
shooting photographer Mia driving that's
a great photo it looks like a Nissan
commercial man good job awesome you guys
send them to me and after connect yeah
alright guys we had to bounce out of the
track I just stopped and washed the car
it got so dirty on the track I had an
absolute blast
I mean like I'm species we do a lot of
cool things in these vlogs that I'm
telling this one was unbelievable to be
able to drive this car like that I said
is that khane
ok hi buddy I'm coming home right now
what a freaking day we ate next to
nothing so we stopped out of desperation
getting some good move good food
meat and veggies how much fun did you
have today it was great guys you liked
it yeah it is a service I'm gonna
explain it's really fun we had a great
time hey they did this company it's
called NASA national Auto Sports
Association they reached out to class
when I got the GTO on they're like
please come to the track get some
experience with this car not just have
fun and race it but actually learn how
to drive it so we did and they did
everything for us today everything they
gave us a garage I know it's crazy
it was unbelievable it's a big shout-out
to Jay my instructor who made all this
happen I'm gonna leave you guys their
website in the top of the description if
you want to give me a big favorite let's
go smash it for them you guys got to do
this you can take whatever car you want
and you can learn it's not just like
racing a car you actually learn how to
drive it you can use those things for
the real-life situations on the road
it's awesome it was so funny come in and
not remember go sign up go do this it's
it's unbelievable I promise you're gonna
love it you have a car you want to get
out onto a track they're all over
they're all over the
get your otherwise I'll put in the top
of this description they're going to
love that tiara cause it's like a give
back yeah a win-win
we take you guys track with us we'll
send you guys what yeah
yeah all right guys I hate to jump into
the night and warp a little bit but we
are we are leaving
bright and early 6 a.m. tomorrow for the
airport look at this this is what it's
like packing two kids and two adults in
this house it's a mess so we're out of
here we're taking our big family trip
tomorrow morning early morning Brittany
and I are freaking beat I usually don't
complain but I'm exhausted
that's it guys uh thank you for coming
today I hope you enjoyed the track day
actually driving home I was like man I
hope I filmed I don't think I filmed
enough of it I was it was overwhelming I
didn't really know what I was doing and
I was you know hopefully it was alright
for you guys I love you we will see you
tomorrow in another location smile more
what are you doing I want to do a
hundred mile per hour selfie with this
Oh sounds so say is like a two years
women have
