oh the sunshine hey be back by dark
what's up my friends I'm sorry but today
is a little bit of clean-up day we got
my man cane with me is it hot outside is
that AC field good put your face on it
oh there you go man
so guys running our own store has become
quite the full-time job and every once
in a what let me look at this our
basement fills with cardboard from you
know our t-shirts and our stuff that
come in
what dude you're getting brave pretty
soon you'll be doing 360s on that I'm
gonna start out with a little bit of
cleanin I'm sorry it's what I gotta do
sometimes when you're doing daily vlogs
you can't always go do fun things you
actually have to work so that's what I'm
doing right now the truck is never gonna
be clean again if you guys missed it
there was a toilet paper explosion and a
few vlogs ago are you going I think
you're gonna help me yeah you see as a
vlogger we tend to put off real life
things because we want to entertain you
but that causes things to back up hey
mama
my mom actually just stopped by to
surprise us with some help which is
great huh garrison Alex block down here
yeah oh my goodness
yeah yeah it's light it's actually
pretty Brown she has to strip all the
black out I think everyone was really
disappointed that it wasn't some crazy
color oh I've got so many yeah but a lot
of people wanted like some crazy red or
purple or blue or so yeah I would say
that I'm extremely guilty of not
recycling I've never done it I've always
been really bad at it and I think it's
just something that I've never tried so
today we found a recycling dumpster and
I'm actually gonna try it okay then
let's do this
I would say this isn't even half of what
I have in the basement I hope that you
guys are having the greatest day man I
hope that whatever is bothering you
right now in your life you're able to
brush it off right now right this second
get rid of it it ain't worth it 9 out of
10 chances you're going to laugh about
it a couple your past becomes laughable
at some point where you're like man I
can't believe I used to stress out about
it becomes a joke I I see a lot of you
guys saying that I inspire you and I
cheer you up and I make you happy but
don't think for a second that I don't
have a ton of crazy BS going on in my
life man don't believe for a second that
my life is perfect and everything's
happy don't even take that everybody
goes to crap guys it's how you handle
that crap oh my god love you it's how
you handle that BS that gets you through
the day with a smile man just brush it
off I promise you you will be the bigger
person and don't let nobody bother you
don't let it happen brush it off guys
you're better than come on start fresh
right now right now at this point in
this video start fresh
smile start over stopping for some gas
and we're about to get pounded guys hard
real hard take my money take it is it
bad that I'm like one of them guys that
wanna chase a storm like I want to catch
a tornado on film so bad for you guys I
swear one day I will mark my words we'll
capture a tornado on film for you guys
like it's like a goal of mine I think
it's amazing I want to see it I want to
I want a filament tech not so dumb it's
true that I do you to see me and cliff
are just spinning up in the clouds and
be my last book can you guys actually
imagine chasing a tornado right now I'd
be sick look at that cloud look at bugs
on my window all these fields nobody can
get it like it would be safe
it'd be a safe spot for a tornado right
here just this nice field to just drop
down let me get a little picture of you
and you can leave dude one day you're
gonna see me on this vlog catching a
tornado on film dude it's gonna happen I
want to do it storm chasers hit me up I
want to do this for real look at this
just walked into a house full of family
what's up guys how was dinner
sorry what are we playing current Kirk
cranium
what'd you guys do to my poor kitchen we
found the hot dogs
Ruth you hurt us on the quesadillas
quesadillas no they were fantastic do
you need to do the sour cream drizzle
where you water it down and then do like
little swirl sour cream drizzle babe
come on garnish you have to garnish your
plate you've never seen that I've never
seen a can do that my entire life if you
in Thai gravity by the way that's 70
years yeah I've never seen that cause it
dirty closet clothes closet uh-oh you
were that was a locker room you guys
just watched her in a locker room you
got it you beat the clock yeah you guys
have plenty of time you guys are vicious
okay ready set go dad they've won us I
got this in the bag
hot dog no this is gonna be really hard
snake oh yes yeah hold tight hold tight
okay Oh a worm wait how do we know what
does it look like to get in trouble
okay question mark you get something
like this
the thing can I really can I hold it
auto gestures no gestures you're allowed
to remove the clay them oh yeah it says
no just walking thinking no let's do a
serpent oh you can't
hahaha palm tree yeah
coral um ladder hammock you do not
elbows one in the bag what how'd you
guys know see a trombone what do you
mean look that's the blow oh it's a
perfect replica oh oh it's a lady it's a
dress guilty totally gonna get it oh
that's pretty good that's pretty good
Pigpen pink him I got it already it's a
lady with big hands you know all right
guys we are ending our night exactly how
we started our day and that is down here
Brittany and I crushing out some orders
for you guys I did make some progress
today though I got all that cardboard
well all of that all of this gone
starting to organize a little bit we're
gonna get this place back to normal
black instead of blue have a serious
lightbulb situation down here so dark
basements are so dark we should put in
like real lighting like strip lights or
something I don't know
is what all you pack buzz do I mean what
do you mean lighting talking about you
changed our whole upstairs oh yeah I
don't know I guess in particular with
you make sure your label you gave me
matches the order and what you laid for
me matches what they actually that was
so freakin complicated I don't even know
what you just said here's what we're
doing I fill the order she
double-checked some impacts them that's
it like this guy packs the pans water
bottles I grab him put him with the
order she fills it yeah super easy
that's what we're doing all night guys
for example Kalyn and ordered a pack of
pens and a blue sticker so I come over
here we have all our packs of pins
wrapped so I just grab a pack put it
with the order come over here get a blue
sticker and you know what just because
I'm nice I'm gonna throw in an extra
sticker right meow oh I know it's that
bad that's what happens when the owner
shifts
well you got a little dude rubberband
gun yep oh hey guys didn't in the vlog
last night Britt and I worked the store
downstairs for a long time fell asleep
dent in the vlog coming on here say
goodbye I say hi canes playing with this
tiny little rubber band gun
she has we are out of here out of here
we're gonna end the vlog right now
thanks for hanging out with us we will
see it we shooting me boy alright guys
that does it for us tell us in the
comments today what you would like the
next giveaway to be I'm guessing hero
sessions tell us in the comments some
around that price range we're gonna
we're gonna keep this going every week
but keep it around that price range and
go too much one lap too little I think
this is perfect so we love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow smile more hey so
she took some pro oh my god honey hey
what you look like a sewer rat there
livin and well here's some better ones
you see that just starts changing
