what's up my friends we're going to try
to give you a nice long raw blog today
kind of if you watch yesterday's vlog we
had a toilet paper explosion in the
truck we're here dropping off tons of
smile more merchandise to the post
office and Brittany lost a really big
bet to you guys
you guys are freaking crazy with this
man look at this the smile more army is
no freaking joke guys what's up hey
great job they're filling it up and then
these are all full what are you doing
getting your hair dyed
did you lost a big vet do you get look
at this Britt told you guys if you got
150,000 likes she would die err err it
didn't even take 18 hours 192 bottom
line is she's dying her hair today color
I don't know in fact actually the lady
joy her said that they might have to
strip the black out first so we'll see
we're gonna see what happens
hey nervous back hello
chrome all right you're in the chair now
it's on it's game time
you gotta sign a release her hair so
she's it's 2008 toilet height I have a
feeling this is gonna take a long time
so I'm probably in about okay so you're
with Megan Megan what are you gonna do
this poor girl okay well today's a
corrective color she's got all this
black on here and she's been dyeing it
like that for a few times so the best
thing we can do today is we're concerned
about hair help we don't want to have to
lift her to blond and give her all these
bright colors and then if be all broken
off we have to cut it off so she wants
her length so is trying to take it out
the first time oh man you can get her
luscious
okay all right so so guys this is gonna
take some time
I thought she'd just come in here and
like spray something on it we all know I
guess it
I didn't notice all this matte like this
is like crazy
oh man okay well it looks like I'm out
then how long do you think this will
turn oh my gosh Wow
yes like the first time I like to take
quite a bit of time so that the longer
the processes we can really try and get
it all out so for short I have at least
about two hours two and a half hours out
with you today I'm out of here I'm out
here I will pick you up I'll go get some
work done
okay guys I'm on the move I had no idea
it was gonna take a couple hours so I'm
gonna split get some crap done you're
coming with me and I guess when we pick
up Brittany it's just going to be a big
surprise apparently she needs to rip all
the black out first and that could take
a while so yeah I mean it is what it is
well you guys know I have a big aquarium
in my house and it requires out in the
country you have to get salt for your
water softener the aquarium eats so much
water every month that I have to buy
tons of water softener a rust remover so
to keep it out of the fish tank it's
crazy it's competent to get into it I
don't want to talk about this I guess
today is gonna be the day where I
basically show you everything I normally
don't show you I'm doing the crap that I
would normally do off camera all right
guys just walked over to my brother's
factory where he actually makes all our
smile more cups and test every single
cup to make sure that they don't leak or
have any problems how is it how is it a
little actually makes the water taste
better it's colder actually shameless
plug nah for real though uh we don't
test every cup I'm here a lot of you
been complaining we've been out of for
some reason blue is our most popular cup
they actually make all our cups right
here and as you can see they look good
man right while I'm here I wanna I want
to make something clear how do you guys
send me pictures on Twitter or whatever
that you're buying our rope at wood rope
make sure that when you buy it
ours will always say made in the USA and
it will always say a tea WOD there are
some companies out there that try to
copy the name
and so it sucks when you guys send me
that you bought our rope but it's not
our rope
I just ran home hey how you doing baby
you got all over your nose
what is it jello hey you want to help me
unload this truck you see if I run out
of water softener salt it's full right
now I got this tiny little softener
that's probably the actual problem if I
run out of salt these di units get
clogged with rust and iron and different
deposits in my well water causing me to
replace these constantly for my fish
aquarium these are $25 apiece every time
I let this little thing run out that
requires me to buy a lot of salt all
right guys we are fully stocked back on
cups every kind of cup and think of so
happy and I apologize they had machine
issues and different things that I just
couldn't get the cups any quicker and
for some reason you guys really like the
blue ones we're always out of wounds all
right let's go hi guys we are off to go
get Brittany it's been about three hours
actually I don't know what to expect I
don't know if they just stripped all the
black out so they can die another day I
don't know what to expect so we're going
in together see what happened let's see
what Brittany did I have absolutely no
idea
hey what's up whoa I don't know it's
just taking all the black out does that
like closer to a real hair color very
natural definitely getting me a workout
nice and don't even look like you oh my
god hey yeah you are wearing away around
to you I know can I tell her I said we
needed like a bright like crazy colorway
I was like I could do it I literally
have like pieces that I can hey so she
took some pro oh my god honey it was me
you look like a sewer rat there they
were there and well here's some better
ones you see that just starts changing
yes like just the deeper through that
I'm here and look at that okay so I know
everyone was expecting something crazy
but apparently so she's been dining here
black for five plus years it takes a
long time and they did strip got it
looks there you can see a lot of color
four and a half hours to get to this
she's zipping that long yeah like our
camera it doesn't even look like it I
mean it is it is brown now but it's like
mixed but the camera really doesn't do
it justice it looks nice but it's not
like a drastic change at all
I don't think I do it looks nice
to me it's a huge change this bird is
very determined to get whatever is in
that Bush get it little dude get it
little dude oh come on come on
ah Joe Joe Joe oh okay let me let me see
this in the Sun oh yeah it's light holy
cow
it is totally lighter I don't know how I
feel about what do you guys think what
do you think be honest it looks nice
purple I don't think they wanted it
brown and curly next time I go in she
said we could go to blah blah no way she
she said that you could play look so
pathetic Wow
we had to stop for some quick food and I
tell you I'm kind of bummed that this
camera doesn't show I mean yet does it
does it does huge meal by the way nice
this is all Roman flooding meee she's on
I am Roman put me on a diet on a blank
plate diet
now we're just sharing uh sharing a
stake today like little kids to me like
little kids I feel like I'm with
somebody else is that bad I don't know
God I don't know it's okay I'm feeling
sad you like Britney how does the way
you put that meat in your mouth
we're having fun we got a sinner today
so we're like out what can we do what do
we do of the day it's better the
baseball game baseball can we make it
yeah I wanna I want to ask you uh you
couples out there do you guys sit beside
each other at the restaurant or do you
sit across from each other I'm a cross
kind of guy although when we first
started dating I always sat with you I
got tired of eating your elbow it's
always like brings me a date night
elbows in your face I don't know it's
just music kind of look like it might
rain
you really know it's like nice but maybe
not that made me dizzy it's date night
date night
it's favorite time of day huh what
excited we going out someone new and
different
oh my yeah and if you'd ever said it
tickets I got a couple couple to you
mean you want to come in with yeah I
want to come up with you right here I
think we are all right Cheers
best orange juice I've ever had are you
gonna realize how fast do you think you
can throw where the I think with the
oldest people online better plan this
what not it they're probably just not
hitting the speed oh you think you can
beat him
have you ever done this alright oh my
gosh how fat you gotta beat the kids Oh
God
you got this bro slipper all turtle a
metric make sure you come IV come on
scoot up awkward and put me money part
three wide open for the kids
their life is hard of you know 28
different opportunities for proud of 55
and my heart hurts 56 we're able to
waste deliver score 803 good job
ding I was like when you just get up
there
look how accurate every time it's
perfect
Oh like a gun
caught it so fast swirl it up I'm a kid
again
I'm gonna never go home
it's not even on your nose let's cool
you down it's so huh best part about all
these games is all the junk there and
snack sell drinks you name it
good stuff I got a drive tonight so I'm
gonna eat responsible great great told
the mascot come down to find us with a
champ find us because we move seats we
used to be up there go go go get a
picture of another up here yeah yeah
yeah
did you get it let me see
Connie see they're like uh okay are you
looking for someone
yeah section five oh that's a good
picture this is it odds awesome I love
this guy
we're out of there this is actually kind
of cool because even if you don't pay to
watch the game you can watch it from
here you don't ever have to pay to watch
baseball again
that's cool they got all these cage
windows all the way down so we did we
didn't stay for the whole game I don't
know who's going to win right now it
looks like the Clippers Columbus Jeff on
it was fun it's nice it's just like kind
of relaxing it's like I don't know how
to splatter you guys know it sports what
floor are we on yes like
why is it great to leave a freaking car
ah really really really really you've
got too much a drink
dude the cart guy is definitely not
working today complete every single one
is completely full now everywhere you
think you can curl thirty thirty pounds
I can lift it well yeah two hands oh we
went into that store to buy a deck of
cards in a board game and we came out
with bags of freaking crap we did I got
cereal I mean I had some bead well we
don't feed them anymore so he's hungry
when you're here well thanks for letting
us get some time out was really nice
super nice thank you you're welcome
we'll see you soon yeah sooner than
later yeah night Brett years asleep
you guys asleep you guys asleep get my
Maul big cane hug there you go I love
you
guys that is gonna do it for us tonight
thank you so much for hanging out with
Britt and I and little canners a little
bit and just joining us on our day I
tried to fill a little bit more than
usual I don't know if that's good or bad
but uh what a question today in the
comments is what color should Brittany
do her hair once they strip off I was
gonna take a while parently she has one
more visit and then she should be able
to buy it so we'll see we'll see we'll
see we'll see we're just gonna keep it
Brown I don't know you tell me
we love you guys so much thanks for all
the love and support I'm looking at
these vlogs
I don't even tell you to like the vlogs
and the likes have been insane well of
course a couple days ago was a bet
that you had to do but other than that
even when it's just don't you guys are
just amazing thank you for the support
we will see you tomorrow don't forget
how awesome you are smile more alright
guys here it is this is our stupid idea
tonight and actually looks really cool
during ten tenten tenten oh god this
sounded terrible
