you see yourself in the window I don't
think we're awake yet start my morning
off strong bacon sausage eggs Sam
macaroni America macaroni macaroni for
breakfast are you ready to do this today
we'll do it ok so I'm going to show you
let's get this thing connected let's see
what we can do or just practice it ok so
we have a 360 camera this camera will
take photos a video all the way around
spiracle it is the future and Roman and
I have decided that we want to be the
first people to make a 360 spherical
vlog vlog which means you can look
around my whole house in it yes salute
maybe don't you are donkeys your things
in drawers but yeah take a look around
like you've always wanted to make that
little turn Elijah ok ok ok
image is synthesizing synthesizing yeah
oh my god there's the where's the exit
oh there's the eggs yeah so imagine that
but video that it's gonna destroy the
vlog world because you guys don't have
to stare at just me you can look over
there at Kane if you want yeah what are
you doing is this hey how you doing hey
how you doing you don't have to do that
anymore she's hey how you doing
it's basically you guys can look
wherever you want at any time so that's
what we're out doing today our goal is
to put up the first-ever 360 vlog where
you control the angles you'll be able to
touch your screen and just move around
while I'm talking while I'm walking
along it's unbelievable it's really
unbelievable there's a feature in
YouTube where you can move the camera
around oh yes if you move your iPhone
down that the view looks there and up
and over
ok guys we're going to jump right into
this I'm going to shoot an intro now for
the unfortunately we do have to upload
two different videos we're not sure that
this flat footage lines up with a 360
footage show this is going to be your
regular vlog today and we're going to
shoot a separate through 60 vlog I'm so
excited about
we are warping over to mom what's going
on the camera here
Oh oh yeah you staying at mom off you
little punk-ass Mustang out daddy today
yeah she get her mama we're here good
how are you
who is that I don't know you don't know
his name nope he's ugly I mean he's got
all these problems he likes Brittany who
is this about sam'l now um sorry I'm Sam
that's doc ock oh I am grandma as mama
we do you do a Louie
okay cane I'll be back to get you buddy
we're gonna go shoot some video bye mom
all boo-boo glove I pick him over there
as well we're gonna go get something so
it's it's really interesting today
because I'm trying to vlog on two
cameras it's really confusing on when to
pick up each camera so we're headed into
town right now we're going to attempt to
regularly vlog with this camera handhold
it right now it's been on tripods and we
don't know how it's going to work of
course you guys will know by now but
we're going to try to make a real vlog
with this camera it's crazy to think
so since we're so new with this camera
we've never big man this thing's all
directed I think since we're so new with
the camera we are actually filming as we
go
checking the footage and just seeing
what it looks like is we have no idea
it's so complex yeah we don't know what
it's pointed at we don't know like if
it's focusing for the exposure out there
and in here okay here we'll show them
what about we're about to count the car
right in here I don't get it I don't get
it so confusing but we will show them
what's so cool one thing in your fella
knows with crap am i like on the camera
always on camera yeah you got to be on
at all times
okay converting 79% we're about to see
what we look like in spherical are we
excited or what yeah yeah yeah yeah okay
guys so this will be our first attempt
at hand imagine just applying smooth
yeah it has no idea what my arms you
know on this one for that matter if
you're even watching how does the humor
disappear I can see through it when
we're driving yeah I think even from
here you can see our speedometer you
later guys can be looking anywhere you
want which is the coolest part of a
singer yeah I just grabbed your mail and
hid it just came in the store to find
some chargers and stuff it feels weird
cuz I'm doing like the same blog twice
kind of with the 360 cam and this cam
it's just really strange we are getting
ready for our big family trip in a
couple days and we need charger cables
always run how many things and charger
cables we bought all the time it's like
they just disappeared
 iPad with just like though I
think the kids are the problem
couldn't help notice these beautiful
bracelets yes mom warded I love that
thank you so much dude wait what are you
doing we're talking about all this cool
technology he just asked me to autograph
his picture on his phone that's a first
for me I know
yeah never been asked on film well it
actually looks really good
so all right yeah that's perfect thank
you so today could be one of the most
weirdest strangled vlogs we've made
because it's so random walking into a
restaurant of my laptop right now this
whole vlog is kind of just about the 360
video guys I hope you enjoy it we're
putting a lot of work into it should be
fun thanks baby
hey blog ception so one of the things
that's confusing us the most about once
you see the video it's gonna make sense
there's a camera there and a camera
there but when you're sitting here I
know I'm like where do I look it doesn't
make sense that I get a seamless huh I
got me right now in the video you'll see
this video you go back and look how does
it know also it makes itself disappear
so you look stretched theory yeah no I
honestly believe when you look at
something like this I believe that that
could be how a fish sees for a fly they
got eyes on the sides of the head but
you can never catch fish you're so fast
come up behind them to see you
three-sixty vision raw fish drinks it's
the fish think about it you that looks
like a fish did you make cameras in the
photo I don't know it's that I'm so full
of it so far yeah I can't pick straight
on Lancaster Ohio this is if you look
over here this is our only mountain wow
what a nice mount and it's it's for us
it's about in the rolling hill of Ohio
the rest of the country it's like a rock
but it's fun to climb it's a beautiful
place up there you ride you climb that
rock yeah well you go there's walking
paths you can see people up there that
would be a cool place to take the
cameras you can look around but we'll do
it wrong you're droning on and on you
don't to direct this haha we just get
this skatepark in Lancaster and we're
gonna put this thing right in the middle
of this part and see what we get
they used to be pretty sweet if you guys
hit it you hit it go had to buy it this
is gonna be so cool guy I hope you enjoy
this
it's definitely a new thing it's going
to get better for now we've noticed the
quality's a little weak but who cares
you get to look around it's fun it's 360
it'll get better fast this technology is
going to take over
how fast they move on the halfpipe I
wonder how easy it'll be to follow oh
this is still long we just did a shot
where I drove over the camera so you'll
be able you'll be able to follow it I
don't know if it'd knock the can forever
there Sam doesn't like to that that was
so cool oh did it blow it over yeah but
like you see me set it down and then I
walk around I wave and you go boom it
blew over but it blew over with the
front side facing up so I just stood
over and I'm like yeah all nice today
hit the lens no no no it went I was just
so afraid I'm gonna fall over on the
glass why we bought 300 we just warped
over grab my brother we brought the
drone we are at a little place called
Brooks Park this is actually where we
had Grandma arrested in the GTR prank
right there and I'm working on sneeze
I'm working on it I can't sneeze I'm 360
and you trying to smooth off it bro the
thing I'm like I'm not on camera but I
they were watching you back over here
doing your thing so we're gonna hook
this bad boy to the drone we're gonna
duct tape it to this things we have
another option and hopefully you guys
can go up and look at the lake see
they've drained the Buckeye Lake it's
like a big deal around here if you live
on the lake so we're gonna fly the drone
up and get some shots okay we are going
up
you know we got all this fancy
technology and we're using duct tape to
mount this is a filmmakers best friend
it really is Wow
yes we're gonna have to to launch it you
can't just have it on its face you don't
have to hold it yeah it's like to me
we've got the two coolest cameras on top
of each other right now you got the
drone up there flying around a 360 cam
and it's okay for ya
it's such a fun time to be alive and
it's stuff so cool just saying like how
cool these two cameras are together the
drone may be gonna take it up over the
water tower oh yeah hook a can of spray
paint to it and yeah put smile more on
the water tower
he had it up there and he was like well
I mean I guess they've already seen all
the way around so what else yeah that's
really weird you on point it is wha do
you think you had a look around but you
don't
so windy yes that windy
oh my god get it yeah I love it hey so I
got to show you this one clip we just
got home and this is ridiculous so here
is a shot of me catching the drum right
I caught it
but look there is no camera looking down
impressive this is are you kidding me
dude how do you where's the camera how
can we do this right now
okay I'm sorry just so they understand
play it a little bit oh this is video
yeah case you can't get the other thing
to work but there's no cute oh I'm so
freaked out by this technology so cool
at least we're doing it so I think
there's room for at least one more thing
I think we should drop it in the fish
tank you want to drop this in the fish
too yeah but there's no waterproof case
let's put it in a bag classic bag darn
they might have some like have we
talking to finger bounces yet not a
Fisher cool okay um I know I don't care
if we break this in the name cool the
sir waterproof case right here actually
I think it's kind of genius okay guys I
will say one cool thing about using this
vlog camera is that uh I don't have to
clean my house everything you see the
terrible oh but like they hide I can
stay over here you guys can't see the
mess you know
but that 360 cam is you would keep a
house really clean you because every
time you pull it out you're like crap
what are they gonna see you it these are
dead rat on the floor something I hope
you guys have enjoyed such a fun day I'm
actually going to cut this vlog off now
because we have so much at it
Sam is cutting the whole 360 vlog for my
channel which dude thank you so much for
doing that
this is doing this and that I I don't
know how to edit it it's a whole nother
it's a whole nother thing so yeah got
crap my blog camera is almost dead guys
I need a huge favor Sam flew all the way
to California just to do this vlog for
you guys this 360 vlog please
you know his YouTube channel I'll leave
at the top of the scription go destroy
it like you always
you go go crush the Sam macaroni youtube
channel for coming to hide all of all
places it was pretty cool to make you
guys a fun new vlog man I would've done
without Sam hey this was awesome
so did boom thank you so much guys
please go show your love I know how
powerful you are you know how powerful
you are
we love you keep a big smile on your
face you're beautiful we'll see you
tomorrow bye
