good morning guys good morning I am not
even awake I'm a little bit of a zombie
right now I'm gonna jump on a boat do
some scuba diving so take a big breath
set your problems aside and enjoy some
beautiful music and some beautiful
underwater life
the craziest boat ride ever dude I doubt
it translates on camera but is it is
your star to capture these waves so the
dives canceled and we got to go in it's
a little bit too choppy it's not safe we
don't want to pop the morning we don't
want people being sick on the boat so we
guys just gotta come back all right guys
super super weird way to start this vlog
but we're turning the boat literally
just turned around right now our down to
the water is crazy out here I've never
seen sure the camera doesn't show the
waves but they're turning the boat
around the dive is canceled first dude
this has been our first tag together
he's certified now so he gets the dive
with me
right yeah we're ready make lucky Fisher
happy you know happy so all about that
beautiful intro that I was going to
throw for you guys it's cancelled today
so we're headed back to shore right now
yeah hey kid give you kitty
what's up Mon somebody okay so probably
one of the weirdest ways to start this
vlog kind of started as a failure but
just met up with Brit cause she's been
when was this report lakea Britney's
been won't become the portlet high and
the first thing I noticed is this giant
Christmas tree Christmas in the Bahamas
would be so strange to me because we
have it's cold yeah right check this guy
out massive beautiful Christmas tree and
a lot of you probably live where it's
always warm and if you do then Christmas
is so weird to us because we're used to
like either snow or at least being very
cold that just doesn't have the
Christmas vibe Smith's in the Bahamas so
while we were back there my parents came
over and they bought one of these
baskets from TIA
right here now Britt is getting one made
for allies are you just putting it right
in there right now putting your name on
there right now
you hand make all this oh dude said it
takes up to two months to make twelve of
these twelve of these baskets
pretty stinking amazing you know how
long it take me to make one then bad
I'll catch the whole place on fire
before I made a basket yeah getting a
bag for Liza that's cool and although we
have been to the Bahamas before she also
hand makes magnets so I'm gonna add a
magnet to our magnet board here handmade
which one Brett which one what's so on
I think country found what he likes
you gotta go inside to get the real deal
it's the Candyman oh hello very good are
you
you need a closet like this this is like
your this is what your tool box should
look like right there that's your tool
box tenten tenten tenten tenten tenten
tenten tenten country look out this is
like a really weird jump around vlog
right now but we've jumped back to the
resort it is going to store at least it
looks like it's going to storm I don't
know yeah shark teeth but there's like I
don't know it's just supposed to have
that tr√°fico blue look right now it's
like windy and the trees are blonde
which looks beautiful I have not eaten
today so I'm gonna grab some food and
we're just gonna hang out today I don't
I don't think it's going to be a crazy
adventure today I think we're just gonna
hang out goof off whoa clicking hey
flick it look at this entrance that's
that's nice just literally come down
your steps into the water it's amazing
yeah I think that's this curve yeah I
know but they call it curve here and
they pick it off the rock and they eat
the meat right out of the snail yeah I
think that's it we're just gonna hang
out today it's gonna be super what
why are you pushing me keep going you go
on you gotta hang out with you guys stay
very laid-back very chill I was gonna
make such a good scuba sequence today I
was shooting in 4k so it's gonna be so
nice maybe next time we'll do it next
time these shells are so beautiful it's
crazy they sell these all over the beach
but everytime we snorkel dive they're
just everywhere off the ocean it's
so here's how it works they go out they
catch the shell they bring it up they
cook the meat and then they sell the
shell to the local tourists like us like
a rotating 360 of of profit
that's from falling in the cave that is
horrible
she's leg dude it's awful that's from we
went to the cave the other day we were
jumping in that hole that is from him
landing a little crooked that is
horrible dude you need some vitamins
that like to keep you from bruising so
out of nowhere a lot like Ohio it went
from looking like it was gonna storm
big-time too bright and sunny and blue
look at that it was like it just
happened what's up buddy how's your day
going good did it not look like it was
about to storm and then BOOM sunshine
lovely sunshine
look at that now this is going to be a
beach fire man look how many pallets
that it look at these nails from the
last one dude look that is insane you
know they're making our little palette
fires in the backyard look tiny 3:48 if
you could just shrink down into a little
man be like Mavericks little people and
crazy surfing maverick waves just hiking
out here hiking out in the ocean so
shallow you can walk so far knee-deep it
is crazy that you did you get down from
there get me playing in the trees out
here I bought see good shots out there
all right this spot out you're so
amazing peaceful beautiful you're just
kind of out here like you stick out in
the ocean right here it's cool so I want
to kind of come out here and show you
guys it's kind of sad but during high
tide the water rushes up on these rocks
fills in with water and then all the
birds can I just scared all the birds
away but all the birds come up here and
eat the fish that are left in the holes
it's just like the harsh reality of life
it's like you get stuck in a hole
hannover tteyuu it's like
see these little guys see these little
guys right there bird food shows low
tide goes out and then even if they go
out there they're shark food is like
this nothing stop it is good check him
out go fast
yeah he's awesome whoo Sammy's so
camouflage router trying to find this
old rope swing that we we tried I think
years ago but it's crazy like look how
beautiful this is right you just come
right off this beautiful Caribbean water
and then up here is just destroyed I
mean this is all trash is literally
boxes in trash and in bag my mind just
goes so to clean up mode like you can
have this so amazing up here like look
at all the trash and then the storms
knock over all these trees but like just
one fire like clean it up have one fire
and then get rid of the trash this would
be amazing up here crazy thing is it is
covered in like just randomness but it's
still so friggin beautiful because we're
right where we're at
oh you know what this is I don't even
know where that is good thing I didn't
bring food is burn yeah I love this
place so much man seriously unbelievable
it's crystal clear and the bird don't
care about us look at him he's just
chilling dude this guy here is amazing
we're doing nature walk guys this is
nature show now this is pure nature now
we're looking at the long the long beak
orange beak bird looking for his prey I
bet Brian he's waiting for you to swing
out he's gonna grab you in midair look
how thin that branch is dude yeah we can
do doubles double sure why don't you
test the tree first
I feel like this tree is just asking for
it I won't stand under the tree there
they're saying like if it don't break on
you I have a good chance for a key sale
of a moose moose fun it's warm that's
your call hey that is a that looks so
little I thought that thing was coming
down for sure oh yeah do it do it do it
do it it's deep dude you got nothing to
worry about how it all you don't cope
you just hold on
lift your core up get your legs in the
air and then just tuck I'm gonna hit my
don't tuck until further into it
you got this it'll work see people do it
all the time swing this out that's not
what I was thinking that looks sketchy
as heck you might as well just jumped
yeah that's a great swing swing out it's
like a nice little really ride yeah what
did you do Brian break it Brian
the most nicknames the most nicknames
bronze ever had in one day just be cool
man all right we're gonna play tag I'm
ready uh-huh that's a lot of fun that is
so much fun it's so simple see ya all
right Gilly you do the double backflip
you will win you will win the challenge
even at this point a backflip I think
wins yeah he wouldn't even jump the
other day and it's the same distance oh
crap oh my god Gil is deep double Dale
Donkey Kong Country I'm circling you
don't do it Dale this place is like
sunny cloudy sunny cloudy sunny cloudy
all right on our way back to the hotel
piling a giant bus and head to pure one
it's like a really cool shark in
restaurant
feeding shark feeding restaurant feed
sharks while the kids love it we love
it's always a good time
usually oh you made it yeah we've made
it girl huh the tide just took us out we
just found that swing and we just
started swinging I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna wait the rush you coming in no is
out you're still swimming I love it so
is little Dale that ocean life man every
time I come to places like this I try to
think about how places like where we
live exist so different it's like
another planet I mean what more do you
want
all right this one's gonna be an
adventure the storms finally hitting
it's finally hitting you ready come on
let's sit up front let's sit up front
pile in fam welcome to the wet bus go
sit up front
Kaine it's completely dry here it never
even rained here you guys gonna go swim
in y'all Brian did you bring your
fishing pole yeah it's on the bus go get
the fishing pole Wow
we got this place to ourself or what Wow
you see them come here look at these
guys don't on time is that cool or what
they're throwing in watch it food boom
you fall in there and you are done so
for like the last six I'm not kidding
about six months you've been getting is
that that is that it
okay so I've been you always gets crab
cake and I was like there's one spot on
planet Earth
did I get the best crab cakes and this
is it and you know what I can't do it
unless you take you want to do the
three-way Texas three-way we go ready
Cheers
six months in the making this better be
good
no crab cake in the world that good I'm
trying right there so we always come
here you guys know you watch the blogs
for a very long time we come here every
time we come to this island and this is
one of the dinners that we do once on
the trip it's kind of the highlight
dinner and you get to watch charts all
night it's unbelievable it's just weird
cuz it's like not sharks in an aquarium
like these are real sharks that live out
in the ocean like it's unbelievable
just beautiful creatures absolutely
beautiful
y'all know who's eating here also the
Sharks look at that two buckets of fish
this is what we're gonna do man dad it's
gonna take sides right we're throwing it
all at the same time I love it
you guys gonna toss it all that at once
just crazy crazy right Cain what'd you
think of them sharks boy where's your
poles what look at that guy first fish
in man they find it fast you got a few
seconds did he find it no itself sitting
over here look at this guy coming in on
the back turn turn turn turn turn turn
turn turn around cause he's got the nose
oh he's cold colder colder longer
getting warmer whoa oh man somebody's
getting a big mouthful
yo Larry they just threw the whole
bucket in thank you I don't believe it
look at this guy dude they don't see
very well why is this waves actually
moved them man they're making a ruckus
sir could you explain this russki ruckus
Big Daddy got Big Daddy Larry all right
what a good time skip a seat and stuff
but uh not the place to swim as a game
oh yeah and just like that we are back
guys thanks for hanging out with us
today this wasn't a very action-packed
day but we just take it easy today as
far as good time everyone sleep let's
see what you look like with long black
hair long back oh he's so Purdy so party
with them take blowout it may be it love
you guys so much thank you for coming on
this trip overall and we will see you
tomorrow and beautiful you're one of a
kind good participation guys
you
