- um buddy what's up
oh you're shooting some time lapses
heck yeah good morning guys what's up
they are here day three look it I just
can't get it with you well we are
walking in right now hey hey for a
second give me take this cuz they're
ready for you I'm going in yep okay yeah
come take a that's fine
what's up buddy mama what are you doing
what are we doing shooting a little
all whatever I don't know you don't know
what it's called so today is a whole lot
of interviews we are pretty much
rearranging the house each time and
honey honey honey wake up baby
so what is this being used for we I just
noticed that there's men's grooming tape
here Adam who's using this Bree oh
that's what you're that's what this is
ah it's for two pays for like people
that got to where it's double-sided tape
that's genius
Hey I had no idea so she's used to firm
I didn't even up the last two days I
didn't know you're easy to pay tape
really hey we got a mix room maybe they
heard Roman it's
this is Roman oh nice there we go yeah
that looks like more like me try
something totally different they got a
catering from I don't know what this is
Bret's free
I got jambalaya though hey guys I got a
serious question for you I'm looking
through this screen over does the camera
adds 10 pounds
oh just kidding baby you know I love you
hey you know that's plot let's fake its
decorations all right my teeth choose
they're old and updated me you just
eating plastic graves do you want Howie
to make some voices for you he's been
dying to he's asking why you're getting
boy you lamb like I did you helium like
a balloon a balloon balloon factory
that's really good sounds exactly like a
100-ton Factory and I couldn't get out
I'm sure it'll smell real worse and I do
this so that people don't make fun of me
zhamuhe old Lockwood was a queer is he
crazy
hey he's your best hey do you want him
to go home no just fired up the rc4
Richie here you love it what badass do
this all day
I know can't get some ramps out here
are you you want to drive yours it's
easy to drive
we're driving you got to drive it does
he know how to drive it just take it
easy okay you don't have to go full
speed there you go good job man close
pain is driving
it's gonna work better the GoPro flew up
right now how hey guys you're in the
vlog right now hello from Ireland you're
in the vlog we are live on periscope
apparently this is the new thing to do I
enjoy it I'm in Ohio actually enjoyed a
lot entertain us we're try - Qatar wow
that's an you know the Middle East we're
trying to think of something to do when
we do periscope you know we get on here
we don't know what to say or do or so
well look at the fish he's got a better
fish tank than me do you know why this
is better than mine because this is real
Coral Thank You Roman we had a good
weekend here and this guy's a star look
for the project the project it's going
to be coming up real terrible name for a
dog that said if you want to tell them
the project name not yet not yet not yet
we're not
yeah go alright guys we're gonna do a
crew forever you join us for the crew
photo
let's do they all hang out with you
Polly bye guys we had fun we'll see you
later but I'll just be here in Ohio if
you need me okay we are rap dude are you
the medic on the on the on the set or do
you just give people boo-boos you don't
you did awesome driving that RC car man
I know I
literally everything we have is out of
gas everything so came down here the
oldest gas tank I have this thing is
rotten the caps all like chewed and torn
off there we go we got gas again can
ha
here you put that up and you can see
what you're filming yeah well here I go
now you can
he's done vlogging cuz you're here now
what
what are you doing Thank You then I'm
sit on your lap
get again get her cane cane she's got
lollipops oh she's got lollipops
she's got lolly phone all right
next giveaway my Instagram is kale all
right guys for this current day we uh
after the cameras shut off and crews
left we were like three days of full-on
filming I just turned the camera I
didn't film any so forgive me it is
current day is a new day what the heck
are you guys do is that your t-shirt oh
my yeah it's are we gonna do it you
wanna you wanna make it better because
yes I'm kind of scared so what's the
deal what do you want to do how many
likes for what color hair I don't get it
I don't know what we're doing here so I
I'm thinking I'm just getting my roots
just blacks staying black but if we can
get a hundred thousand likes I'll do a
different not black sit so Brett has to
get her hair - she always dyes her hair
she has to get it tomorrow if you guys
get a hundred thousand likes on this
vlog she has to dye it a different color
than what it is now not black years six
years a long time so if you guys get a
hundred thousand likes which that's not
enough you're gonna get a hundred
thousand likes are you gonna get out of
the hundred fifty thousand I'm not that
would be tough that won't be tough all
right
I know 50 doesn't like she has to dye
her hair a different color not black oh
my god I'd be so weird I don't know if I
could look at you the same purple shitty
purple
alright guys we love you we are gonna
balance we gotta start today so uh
that's it that's all we got 150,000
likes she has to dye our hair tomorrow
or the next day whatever we'll figure it
out
we love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
smile more don't get really worried guys
come in can you hear me anybody I don't
know what to do and we're gonna do the
Corey out here you have to eat all the
corn what are you vegetables
