don't write on the back legs don't write
on the back I just said don't write on
the back
what's up guys hope you're having a
beautiful day I well it's probably
easier that I just show you if you
didn't watch yesterday's vlog this is
ridiculous I came home from LA to two
donkeys in my front yard I'm not even
kidding
hi guys hi baby nobody you watch the
vlogs you know I love donkeys it ended
up being a prank my mother pulled on me
she dropped out she had to come she
found a company that you can rent
donkeys from and she had him delivered I
don't even know what to say I won't if
Caine could ride him oh my god
apparently today we're doing my family
side of my birthday so I'll get another
birthday there with all my family Brit
just went got a bunch of drinks and
sodas and all kinds of stuff this fridge
is looking a little empty only the
donkeys have something to do with today
a bunch of families coming over I'm
actually moving my vehicles so people
can fit in the driveway Oh God
oh yeah right on that edge get right on
that edge oh hey donkey thief hey buddy
how is yeah it turns out she stole the
donkeys from a local farm what are you
making my favorite cave in the world
I'm Betty what's gonna be on it blue
icing with some white writing
white writing happy hundredth birthday
did you get me that balloon yeah thank
you
you got me a happy first birthday
balloon that's awesome buddy Oh No what
the heck is this what is this I just
come to get the other donkeys donkeys in
you holy crap
well this one's big
this is actually Plan B what is this
this is gonna be our activity for the
day
you mean activity for the day we're
gonna shave over schedule these are
awesome look how big you are you guys
see you guys are the ones that drop
these off
yes are you taking them back Cardiff
what do you mean kind of the tricky
scratch yours you get them personalized
with you and work with them a little bit
you start scratching inside of there
though you sit there why actually really
want a donkey like one day I'm gonna
have a donkey there pretty easygoing
well this was kind of just don't get me
wrong there there's you know there's
there are donkeys that are buttholes to
work
I've got jackasses I normally take yes
they are jackasses mom I'll just go
you're too apparently we all are gonna
ride a donkey then long story short or
racing donkeys today I hope I win how do
you come up with this stuff ten donkeys
ten riders trophies oh we need to place
bets we need to have a whole betting
table I like that whole batting Kyle
yeah
I don't know how to say this guy's but
it just got completely real like there's
no faking this this is a real donkey
race I mean they've got they've got a
racetrack and everything I never seen
anything like this in my entire life and
I know a lot of youtubers you know
always tell me hey don't show don't show
your viewers what you have because it
makes them not like you we got a pool
here it is
come on fill it up
oh no no it's blocking it
let it fill up so you guys can play in
it let me see let me see
got you alright let it fill up no
playing with those alright man
how long you been doing donkey races Oh
for probably thirty years thirty years
donkey basketball donkey races see I
just heard donkey basketball for the
first time last night Britney buckeye
donkey ball since 1934 that's a lot of
good-looking asses that's right we play
haul ass for a living this is
unbelievable look what Todd brought me
what is it it's that beautiful yellow
blue-eyed tank no good he just brought
me one of his personal fish he's had for
years
oh man he's gonna go hide for a few
hours not its boss awesome
is it cold got a lot of family and
friends here today ready to ride some
donkeys if you're riding come on up here
everybody let's go this is the how to
train your donkey course yeah start you
had to start on the donkey and you had
to finish on the donkey the donkey so
you may fall off on the way around the
track okay it's highly likely actually
all right these are very easy to ride a
larger ride I was really happy guys I
wanted to say you're about to see donkey
races we've already been told that they
throw they kick they hit their donkeys
they don't know better
I'm ready oh my gosh I'm in here you
gotta jump don't write on the back leg
don't write on the back don't write on
the back hey mom
just remember this was your idea wow
this is beyond crap hey let's get a
bunch of donkeys for your birthday
but I think they get for me here we go
oh geez
this is hot
we got official trophies we'll see who
won the race that was brutal man all
right I got lucky I our first Ashley the
loser
horse rider award goes to Jan 1st and
3rd place third place is going to be
Brittany let's see-oh place is gonna go
to tear up Dale he's champion the first
trophy I ever won I love these donkeys
man I want to get it on any one day I
think you know you are but in that one
out front yours ok awesome
I'm the head ass master you reggaeton
you're gonna win but Brit Brit took a
trophy Dale took first place and there
was a worse rider award that dawn it
should have been Nathan your first
donkey ride hello Bobby
yeah King you like you he's pretty cool
I like his little mohawk tell daddy said
we want a donkey we come on the donkey
to his first dirt bike ride you ready
real nice and slow you got it you've
already done two laps
he's got it right now he's going slow oh
no keep it yeah it's not for you good
job I just shoved one of who you got it
you ready to try the triple backflip
well luckily and unfortunately the
donkey's go I was getting used to it
being here hasn't done it
guys that was unbelievable high-five
thanks for coming out no problem next
time my mom calls you tell her no okay
oh is great is so fun I don't know how
you win a trophy like this I think I'm
barbecue time hanging out over here yeah
you're always by the girl yeah with you
Rudy
thanks mom buddy thanks for cooking
thanks for the doggies how much how much
doggies did we have to kill for this
meat one of the one of the coolest
things about bringing the donkey
eat them actors you're not mad
go spicy that was my joke that was my
joke without a doubt yeah so you know
there's food peace in the kitchen even
though it's super hot
he puts four burger patties you can eat
a leaf blower crawls out of the cake
hey something the Romans birthday Rome I
love you Romo Brian yeah yeah pretty
much that's all I got thumbs up this day
you showed um my face dirty okay there's
the man of the hour lifting stiff please
help us we're held against our will we
just answered a Craigslist ad and Romans
keeping us hostage please send someone
all I have is ice-cream Jennifer please
send pizza this is so awesome canes
riding a dirt bike for the first time no
road earlier Akane check this out it's
got training wheels
let go I go good job turn that was
awesome dude you just get comfortable
with it you don't have to go fast you go
nice and slow
there you go that's a sister he's a lot
of beer it's a salt gun on my that's a
salt there's this Alton my great great
you got you guys thanks for watching
today or yesterday however this works I
forgot to end the vlog last night so I'm
doing it right now thank you for all the
love and support watching these vlogs
that was a riot was that crazy or what
our house is destroyed
the party's over the donkeys are gone
and we're ready to start a new day so
thank you guys again please share this
blog with a friend share it on
Twitter I'll do a little follow spree
tonight on there so if you share this
I'm going to try to follow you we will
see you tomorrow
thanks so much for watching smile 1 this
isn't for real we know they will make
you smile more for many years are you
loving you know about this yeah you do
you know this is
