Oh
what's up what's up got a whole bunch of
hooligans with us today uh yeah we're at
the heath pool Heath pool playing your
song
alright guys yes we're at the pool cool
pool this place is Austin's got just
about everything
kids dolts not that many I mean it looks
busy but it's not that busy for summer
in Ohio that's for sure
you're gonna push me in you better now
I'll push you in that's the rules if you
push me I push you I never heard
anything like this they just told Cain
that he can't wear his life jacket at a
pool I never heard of that I get I guess
I don't know what I'm talking about come
on let's play you don't need it it's
shallow
put your foot over it
all right guys I'm sitting here thinking
why am I got my camera out there in the
water this would be the first time using
this so we're going to try to vlog a
little bit with it it's fully waterproof
just like this so here we go you do it
that you're facing it with me me
butterfly kiss
I don't know
we're going on
okay you gotta come up here
this is super duper nice super nice
water so warm here it's like bathwater I
don't know if it's mandatory around the
world but here in the US all swimming
pools have mandatory breaks for kids so
the whole of pools have to clear out
it's like 10 or 15 minutes it's not much
but I mean even since I was a kid
they've been doing this what going down
some slides these look fun Wow
you gonna show me your foot is that how
you eat a ring he has no interest in e
King got a pretty nice-sized boo-boo
luckily mommy had band-aids always
always comes for fair that he done
swimming quiet group I think we've war
everybody out how hard would it be to
put that in our backyard it's all about
money at that it's all about the money
can you imagine if that was in our yard
I need a lot more bandage imagine our
insurance insurance already hates me
they already dropped me all the time
imagine if I had that in my oh man
you see if it are you eating fish you
didn't cook it let me see him let me see
him
catch Akane
just in case you want to go swimming
here's a few safety rules holy crapoly
always stuck behind a track and he's got
a cellphone you want to pick up some
bear you see that sky cane that's pretty
awesome
Jeff fun at the pool
I'm boys worn out and if we really play
that hard don't want we ain't done yet
you got stuff to play where things be
cooked
alright guys forgive me as I turn back
into roman atwood laughing at me yeah
what sleep what's wrong with you guys
look lost with a little prat Bennett
yeah maybe they put stuff in the pool
chemicals like you guys thinking my
sauce fresh off the press baby ladies
whoo pretty hot right
hey creeper no no no no that band in it
then it then it then it BAM look at
these flowers oh this my lord is let me
start the grill that's what you want me
to do yeah what are you doing it up
we're about to get shook some corn baby
this is where we're from
Oh Chuck Chuck yeah
what do you say Chuck Chuck what did I
say Chuck oh my gosh we husk in the corn
man Wow look at that this is a big thing
in Ohio man we got cornfields everywhere
everywhere behind these woods cornfields
over there cornfields and rain coming of
course just firing up the grill getting
it ready we're about to barbecue some
chicken eat some sweet corns some
potatoes some green bean oh my god the
kids took care of the corn which is
awesome Brits making her homemade these
things are so awesome she takes potatoes
cuts them all up like chips and then put
some cheese and bacon and that's it she
puts it in the oven and they put like
sour cream on top okay man you can put
whatever you want on it's your potato oh
do you like you gonna instruct him right
now how to do this thing of a potato
somebody put that on 1/4 inch but I like
to Dan wise the real thin chip bones are
my favorite and then you put butter on
both sides put it in the oven at like
350 like 10 minutes and pull it up flip
over to min another 10 minutes and put
your cheese of Megan on them kind of min
just until cheese balls that's an
awesome idea that's so awesome I don't
want to sound like a baby I don't like
to complain on the vlog but today I was
trying to convince Kayne to go down the
kid slime so I went down it I think it's
in the GoPro hose but I want to somehow
I landed when I came out of that port
was so shallow that my foot stopped but
my body kept going and now my foot is
swelled up so bad I'm like limping
around to the grill it's a nasty sprain
man it's like sharp pains went all the
way up my leg I like put my son do
business put play with corn boy okay
while we're cooking and I'm complaining
about my foot I got to show you
something
some teen teenager nice Oh
get it on there I'm gonna put it on your
face almost forgot about the chicken Oh
God oh shoot it's super hot never leave
the grill you're sick of watching me
grill yet I mean really you guys need to
talk you need to speak your mind this is
where it gets good you paint the
barbecue sauce on oh oh my as your mouth
watering yet
okay you can shoot it at the trees
alright alright here we go here we go
let me show you I'm gonna put in the
code there's a code for it one two three
one two okay alright look at that one I
remember never pointed at anybody you do
that's like a real lightsaber pointed at
that orange cone I had to bust out the
laser actually found it in an old film
box with all my old film stuff in it and
I got it out and charge the battery
today this sucker is crazy as you can
see and it's bright out imagine if it's
dark I'm gonna show you guys what this
thing can do later it will literally
just catch things on fire it's nuts
alright turn it off good job oh man
we're gonna save the battery imma show
these guys something really cool later
okay hey good job oh my god here we go
baby
everyone barbecues chicken different I
painted on and then and literally let it
cook to almost burnt like crispy it
turns it into candy the barbecue sauce
is can't you better let me in nah
oh you make it look so you know me so
yes put all this food on here like this
but I am hungry this is this is what it
looks like when it's all done look at
that cheese and bacon and sour cream and
then you got the barbecue chicken can't
show me how you eat that even plowing it
how many has eaten um yeah
one and then this full one yeah it's all
patchy patchy corn
he just keeps turning spinning take some
bitin spin good um all right guys I know
this vlog is dragging on a little bit
but I got to show you this freaking
thing I found it today I was just
excited so I charged it up I want to
show you hopefully I didn't wear the
battery out but here we go let's try
this
are you ready
right through it
dude not even one second all the way
through the whole thing
Brittany's like wicked scared of this
laser she's not out here so I probably
not should she be using this in the
house yeah this house approve just after
the kids go to bed right yeah they're
there whatever I just want to see what
it does to a potato oh it's already
cooking we'll be eating potato in there
huh
it's like burn in it you need to help me
find something barn we need popcorn get
that out of that honey you're gonna
break something
no no hang on no it shouldn't be in hell
it's not luck it's point outside turn it
off give me this right it's hot honey
and the starfish fish
yeah that's me fighting for some tank at
night is like a whole nother world
everything comes out Billy I don't know
all right guys I am gonna end the vlog
thanks for hanging out today sticking
around with the family we had a great
time and what is some cool stuff I can
do with this laser like hit me up tell
me in the college what can I do with
this laser for some reason my head
making popcorn pop or things that change
it sounds cool to me I want to get the
Sam the battery already freakin died
though I think the battery is really old
so I need to invest into that I did try
to get Britney but I did try to get
Britney at the fish tank but the battery
died right when I was going to
her house freakin disappointing I've
been hilarious I'll get her we love you
guys thanks for the love we will see you
tomorrow
smile more oh you know okay wait oh hey
on that came out of my ear
