what's up guys it is freaking beautiful
in Los Angeles uh Britney got me a
surprise birthday gift we're going to
see it right now I don't know what to
expect is that it yeah that's it right
here this is mine no you get to take
your picture with it oh my gosh now
we're just kidding look at this car
though oh my okay
that's my picture right there good job
happy birthday look at that old red one
whoo
that lime-green whew it's hot it's
pretty it's beautiful let's start this
day okay okay we're hitting the Santa
Monica area today we are doing a quick
stop in here and then I'm having our
special guests come meet us to do
something really cool actually
probably painful well yes you still
calling him that
haha well I guess anyway that shows up
in the vlogs now as a special guest
right okay hey hey how's my boy yeah are
you Hulk I love you
downtown Santa Monica please press the
fact she's so nice when your visit and
remember to lock your car oh it's so I
oh it's so freaky I do not like
we're at 3rd Street Promenade this is
one of the busiest areas we ever go to
and it's also flooded with you guys
every time I come here it's crazy so
remain of course alex is hanging out
with the security tickler
Smit it with Alex and I don't know if
you guys remember he got banned from
that side of 3rd Street he's allowed on
this side that's why the security guard
wouldn't let him come to us he had to
wait yeah every time they radio in
that's why there was two guards he's
like make sure that you watch all the
doors
I asked we wanted to piggyback riding
stairs climbing is tricky but stuffing
for a quick bite to eat
look at this salad so good Billy do you
want some lettuce with that cheese holy
crap it's cucumbers and like onions
amazing I got chicken slabs Shea it
looks like fish look at you look at you
who is that who is that what's up you
making here all right oh man my car and
a half later Luke is gonna break me
today he's gonna break me you ready for
this yeah I'm ready I'm ready
did you like some back fence trenching
house I'll see you guys later okay I
love you okay wish me luck good luck hey
hey give me hug give me hug oh he's got
it give me hug yeah
okay all right give me five we'll see
you later
we are in a jungle baby look at this
I love it you can literally just drive
onto the pier
the pier is play so it's just like that
you play Grand Theft Auto at all
yep well this is the exact pier should I
do it
just drive it feels really good to be
back you haven't been here for a while
spent a few months and uh just the very
beachy beautiful Santa Monica
it's the shorts and the tank top I'm not
too far off man but I'm always blacked
out we're all blacked out everybody's
okay so for about two years I would say
almost two years since I went to Finland
you could promise me he was going to
teach me how to do a backflip we've said
in the vlogs before today we've come to
do just that how are you gonna try no
I'm just gonna film you that I think you
should try while I'm just here to just
to fill it and you just got this you got
this you're confident I am he's
confident that I can learn how to do a
backflip today it's all about mental
balls it's just gotta get over it in
your head once hi hey how are you man
thank you so I don't want to sound like
a wolf but even this ledge when you
stand on it it feels really high and I
know it's nothing to him you can
probably backflip off really high things
like you back foot off my truck which is
really high I fit up really high when I
was young now it hurts my knee it you
like running backflip that's so cool you
so for me is how we learned it nowadays
people have foam pits and everything is
like the real way you just kind hidden
if you do it
time see it looks so easy I want to be
able to do that well I've been wanting
to do this for a long time so you know
what half an Arn you got it no way so
today's the day I attempt to learn this
backflip we've been talking about it
forever
and he's gonna spot me and help me
control my flip and hopefully you get to
see me do it today if not you'll get
some good face landings nobody wants
nobody wants to see me land it eats and
he passed off this locator he landed
really badly on his face broke his jaw
all right three two one go that's a
little little laughter now yeah isn't it
like once you kind of do that few times
to get it go
whoa a lame pun to learn something new
when you're this age yeah it's been
easier when I was 16 because you'd pull
down a repressive jump right back up
no it's determined I'm gonna go for it
yeah and then I'll help you just enough
to tip your feet over and you land it
okay I'm ready all right three two one
go see I barely help God because it's
like I did bad for you because I just
kind of looking for out I win yeah now
you can start bringing it back a little
bit I got the rotation yeah you got even
one go-to outfit far I find it looks
good it still do you like is it hurting
you when you're loud jump up and then
roll you'd be baking you'd nail it
perfectly yeah I just got to commit to
it I got to commit yeah like when I jump
there's a lack of commitment like like a
lazy jumping further and rolling slow
yeah pop explode boom two one go see I
tell that's what I'm talking about
better that was good I just did a little
push yeah barely felt it three two one
go yeah but you can't now you're not
you're single now you're past the mental
block now you can do it so I think I
gotta jump higher
yeah you're little lazy on the rolling
kind of going this way yeah the top like
yeah
you kind of make it a little bit back
lulaia all right two one go go yeah and
you did it this way that one felt good
that was good that one felt good
I definitely landed a backflip before 30
minutes he said it would take 30 minutes
you were right it's in people's eyes he
could see his committed he can do it
you had it he nailed it and now you got
it for the rest of your life yeah I feel
I feel like I can do it
I'm not gonna try another oh now you
have it now you have it oh you have it
yeah look it makes me listen are you
dizzy a little bit I didn't fall enough
for you guys I'm sorry
I know they want to see me just bust my
head yeah one face I put one face
landing should appear I think I think I
could go a little once you got it well
you can just keep it you know that's not
too high for human body to kind of take
them if I jump from that I'd have to go
get in can Tom let me full of poop okay
guys so I dropped Roman off with you gun
Alex and they're like working on his
backflip or what not I am planning a
surprise party here at the house for
when he gets back our AC is not working
it's really really hot in here
some people have gotten here I still
have yet to like put the streamers up
everything like that
so I'm running around crazy nose like oh
no I need to get the vlog camera okay
so let's do it Kevin so hanging out
hanging the Bears is a good twisting
motion okay
we got Christian I only deal with you're
gonna fail oh nice that's gonna hold it
up there which all the blower peppers
huh got them all I bought all of their
party poppers right that the store had
so we're gonna go pop really loud when
he walks in the door yes yep he's just
ready to play oh he's eating he's so
rough
well I landed a backflip maybe twice by
myself on my feet with no hands I'm
happy about that I'm excited look at the
activities here man there's so much to
do just people using their bodies to do
things
amazing so guess hey dog oh my god I
thought he was gonna eat it don't put
you guys in the vlog all right I'm
watching the law what's up what's up hey
what's up what you guys want to fix yeah
sure
don't worry about it what's up I'm put
you guys in the vlog is anybody else
want to go Vic what's the hurry up we
got more we got more I start trying to
be nice to take a picture with one and
now they're just flooding what's up bro
how are you yeah you gonna be in the
vlog dude what's up yeah you can take
pic this is a great shot of Los Angeles
right here this is what I'm always
crying about I said don't look left
all right we're finishing up Suns going
down and we're gonna head I apparently
to my house and then maybe go to dinner
or something that's Britney made
reindeer reindeer you can still wants
reindeer did we have reindeer in Finland
we did yes we had reindeer reindeer
peanut I was talking to myself out loud
hello okay I gotta throw the keys down
so everyone be really really quiet
somebody had it right my face nice to
see everyone I just walked into a war
zone you freaking guys oh my god energy
pain all night apparently like this Kane
are you having fun we should get these
for your birthday are we just gonna
leave the apartment like this I'm sorry
go last day tomorrow's our last day in
the
do it you can do it did you do it my
little man is taking a group photo ever
it'd make sure everybody's in it okay
can you break out like Hulk okay so we
ordered some pizza and it took three
people oh look at that
what was that
ladies and gentlemen and quarter one
weighing in at 35 pounds soaking wet
soaking wet we've got Kane Atwood turn
turn turn
he's getting all wrapped up and ready to
dance battle wit weighing in it too many
freakin baths
Alex shadow dig me new new new new new
new from the Sun discern yeah ready set
oh-oh-oh-oh six seven twenty that was a
1000 pores this is turning into a fight
ladies and gentlemen get him Kane oh my
we got glove repair just did dilemma
alright guys we are warping into the
night we've got very clean house we went
from having a clean house to having a
completely destroyed apartment but I
guess that's a good way to leave the
place just go all out have some fun
thanks for making that happen I honestly
had no idea it was so crazy to just come
home and have all those people there it
was cool thank you so much you're
awesome yeah it about fail now you're
older and you're wiser
a year older I cannot thank you enough
for all the birthday wishes you guys
have been crazy on my twitter and every
social platform soon happy birthday
happy birthday thank you so much you
guys are unbelievable I know even though
like my Twitter like mail it's been like
please tell Roman I said happy birthday
it's amazing thank you guys so much
that's all we got for you today so we
will see you tomorrow thanks for
watching and
I didn't want to say this because I
sound like a wuss but my wrist hurts so
bad from trend I give you ice advice
help I don't know yeah my wrists I'm too
old for this stuff it hurts so bad baby
because lucky showed me looked amazing
I'm so proud of you for doing I can't
wait I did it I'm happy alright guys
thank you so much for everything we will
see you tomorrow don't forget how
awesome you are
your amazing smile more ohh
