Oh what's up guys welcome to Los Angeles
actually for the first time I can
actually say it's warmer in Ohio than
here in LA I've never experienced that
before we don't have a car in Los
Angeles so we're actually going to get a
rental car right now did indeed we did
it did I know this scooter is fun but a
car is gonna be faster and bigger and we
can go further yeah just like that
come come come come a lot of people come
to LA and rent Ferraris Lamborghinis we
got this guy it's a beast all right we
got all kinds of things to do we got a
rental car which is good that's one
check off the board we got a lot to do
I'll show you guys today what we're
doing but for now we need to get some
food and of course you know where we're
going
same place we go every time
it's peach lemonade it's like the best
thing in the world
good this is why this is our favorite
place look at this breakfast burrito man
it's huge massive bear it got the club
with some tots and Cain of course fruit
muffins and pancakes yeah I'm so
freaking stuff Cain let me borrow that
scooter walking up on the IV this is
like one of the most famous restaurants
for celebrities there's always
celebrities here of course probably not
today it's made out of cigarettes place
of business is there a standard like UPS
shipping box I should know this I wasn't
shipping for like 12 years
let me see you look any other size or
what we're gonna do 20 shipping boxes
anything else look at all these friggin
boxes alright we got a ton of boxes guys
we are officially moving that's right I
don't know if I told you guys but we're
out we're moving I think that's gonna
work
it's working
as long as this will shut up it's
starting to hit oh man can you hear yeah
but it's fine we don't like this can be
damaged it's not like it's we can you
bend it from that end though I'll just
see what I can get here
daddy where's his magic see ya guys we
aren't moving we're moving out
permanently moving out we've been we've
had our apartment for a long time and
just with the amount of time we're
spending in Ohio we've decided maybe
buddy look at this man like the worst
case of mushy brain like I don't feel
like I ever left here and I don't feel
like I've ever been here I don't miss
this traffic so Dee what about you if
you guys are new to the channel you
don't know we have an apartment here in
LA and as much time as we've been
spending in Ohio it just doesn't make
sense for us to be paid three times the
amount for an apartment that we do for
our house in Ohio so we're gonna we're
gonna move out of the apartment
basically is what we're doing so here's
basically what we got going on we've got
a torn apart apartment where we run
piecing everything and packing into
boxes and canes finding all his toys in
the process and getting them out and
making a mess but we're basically
packing everything and we're shipping it
to Ohio which is crazy how do you ship
skateboards like this won't fit in a box
this thing's huge blown away by how much
camera equipment I still had here just
packing all that up and putting it in a
box I guess yeah
at least we got van Halen to help us
can't you help him no I didn't think you
were what you work are you putting all
your stickers on the book alright dude
you're packing your box look at all
these toys Kayne we're moving a lot
along I'm glad that we we actually took
an extra day just to do this stuff
because it's it's so crazy
hey maybe maybe we can donate some toys
that you don't want to take yeah take it
the big tiger
you guys remember three Tigers yeah and
we've had some fun here huh taking a
quick little snack break we have so much
to do this is ridiculously this place
it's so bad we actually need to be done
tomorrow so the shipping company can
pick it up Thursday okay what's in the
box tell mommy we're supposed to be this
is what happens when we get stuck in a
room together all day we end up playing
instead of work me
I don't know if we can stop put your
back oh my gosh so I never showed you
guys this
I meant the shape before I left but this
toilet paper roll I kept here I was
gonna give it away hey that's the action
that's one of the actual rules from the
prank where I toilet paper in Howie's
house that's an actual roll and I didn't
know what to do with it was gonna give
it away but I just found it here on the
coffee table
that's hilarious oh my gosh alright we
just said get out of that apartment for
a little bit we're hanging out with
Brittany's cousin Lori and we are going
to find some food it's already 12:15 at
night in Ohio so I'm the old man in the
group I'm already haired all you do is
smash ants yeah you just squish hands
wait is this it this building going to
place called swingers we usually go it
to it in Santa Monica I've never been to
this one oh it's new that's why that's
why
place is rocking is it that good here
first for me boxed water I think it's
this box is better how dare you ask for
a bottle of water here two meals today
both being breakfast and I would say you
got burgers two quesadilla
peanut butter and jelly and french fry
that's a mess just getting back to our
place what it's exciting vlog packing
all day eating you know if the water
chocolate milks got power in it I'll
make you stay up all night
look at that I will say we've made some
crazy progression look at all these
boxes there's still a monstrous mess but
it's all good we're getting there I'm
still holding tomorrow
I know I know guys look at my little
chicken nugget look at well Megan look
at you little bottle rocket alright guys
we are gonna I'm gonna cut it I'm gonna
call it today I'm pretty stuck I'm easy
I've never been affected this bad by
this little time zone more Hey
what there's still laundry I'm not
getting it they can stay down there all
night oh this is horse crap there's
still laundry that we have to go get
this is BS alright guys gotta go I can't
believe that no not tomorrow we have
tomorrow if you're watching this
deadline is my birthday I'm not happy
about that oh they don't and I feel I'm
excited I'm worried get so old mm-hmm
that's it we're gonna you are my old man
now huh I said you are my old man
your old man I don't know how I feel
about that either huh alright guys
thanks for all the love and support Dan
having I mean this is our life this is
our day so it is what it is Wow she'll
be better anything would be better than
this
we love you thanks guys keep the big
smiling face you're beautiful you're
awesome smile more freaking beautiful
day in Ohio it's kind of a shame we're
leaving we're heading to the airport
right now what's up
we're are there hey Momo are you even
you're not even buckled in
