hi pretty girl I'm gonna eat that Fox
give me that Fox welcome to the vlog I'm
going out here you guys look busy no
it's too busy for me I'll be out here if
you need me just doing stupid stuff
alright guys welcome to the what's up in
your standing guard standing flesh I'm
allowed to touch my donkey all right
chill mr. Jose but today I've been what
I've been talking about this for a while
there's something I was working on and
today I'm gonna finally I'm doing it no
matter what today is the day so I'm
gonna go out here try to explain what
I'm doing get it give get it girl oh
he's not going fast enough he not going
fast enough
so as you guys know I built this giant
tabletop right here and it is uh oh here
we go
what is that Gil so I built this giant
tabletop it's like 30 40 maybe I don't
haven't even measured it's like 44 long
basically and the idea wooh I mean I'm
the idea of this tabletop
I can't even film it's distracting the
idea behind this tabletop was to build
something that I can get used to jumping
over a lot and then cut it out and put
whatever I want inside the middle you
doctor you can't dump her like that
she's still alive what happened up there
huh so you do to our beautiful
handlebars they're still great not about
you lose grip what you just have popcorn
see the foot pegs I mean they're a
little small Oh got it so I have one
idea and maybe it's just completely
stupid which makes sense but I have one
item that I want to put in between this
jump something that no man has ever done
before
no not you I wouldn't know jump naki
donkey donkey put your baby in the cat
and that suit ulcer of too tall you know
what I think we keep it a mystery for
now and Brian you should just start
cutting around just empty her out take
this gigantic hill and cut it out
that chase won't be able to play up here
no more that's true cuz he's landing
like two foot here why don't you plan on
that one it's for the babies yeah
I think it feels a little stupid to wash
her before she gets dirty not a man I
know what you guys are thinking this is
stupid
like it really is stupid but I've had
this idea once I get an idea in my head
I can't stop watch Johnny this she's
gonna be pretty look at her dirty she's
lonely in the garage you can get out
play fun I'm angry what is that
it's me behind in the country so we have
iron water which means if I don't get
the water off of this thing it dries
like white Biddy like it's very hard to
get off and out on the proper towels to
dry my car up so I'm gonna take this
baby down the road it's a lot more clean
is it gonna work is it gonna work here's
what we've got we've got this perfect
hole designed and made safely I don't
know how the idea came about but I was
like I've never jumped my GTR like we
had we've had people jump over it with
things I was like I want to jump over it
with things yeah really dumb idea really
bet like this is one of them things that
like it's probably gonna go perfectly
smooth but for any reason it goes bad
yeah the whole world mad at me a super
viral video though I did it sound like a
really good idea but now that it's like
go time I'm kind of like not wanting to
pull pull my car into it and there's
like no test there's no test time it's
all fun and games
no I feel I wouldn't look when I do
stupid things even though they're really
stupid I'm usually very very confident
that everything will be completely this
is be good and fun and cool it'll be a
great photo it'll be a good shot for the
wall the x3 stalls right at the lip that
would be horrendous this thing would
literally land on the roof of the car
the odds of that happening I don't see a
happening I honestly there's no chance
there is a chance but it's not gonna
happen the idea looks worse and worse as
I get closer to it
dude that roof is awfully close dude oh
my gosh
yep bad idea dude oh it's super stupid
I'm starting to second-guess it
I didn't know the roof what the ramp was
taller than the car no you just like use
the roof as just a cap why you gonna
jump my car dude he better not is he
really gonna jump it I'm gonna kill him
I'm gonna kill him
don't play the what if game with me we
don't we never play the what if game be
my passenger come on be my passenger I
need my girl by my side yes yes no now
the good thing is if something goes
wrong it's not just one it ain't my
fault well your passenger you know like
the left corner right corner you got to
call the shots you gotta call the shots
man I think this is just as bad as use
doing the tattoo on your face dude rock
paper scissors I win your car we put
your car in there if I win what oh come
on we put the Jaguar in there oh man I
hate I hate when you put this thing in
front of my face oh I think it's too
late to turn back but it would look as
sweet imagine your photo you'd have rock
show everybody I love you I didn't know
the roof would be popping out I thought
that's no good I thought when Brian said
he built a job you'd do it right one
drones gonna be just hovering inspires
get it whatever Chase wants to do with
it I just want to go like I don't like
hesitating the more you think about
something the more you talk yourself out
of it I just want to go I know
everything's gonna be fine we're gonna
do this jump everyone's gonna be great
yeah we were going with me
why not that's what I said
hi baby ready do this helmet helmets off
you guys on the other side of the ramp
all intact
cut it down all dodgey baby could've
done it without you know the only reason
well I live in the dust storm that hit
it everything's good I'm like you will
put the Jag under there good jump boom
good filming all right it's bath time
she's covered in fine little Dusty's
like just take me back to the garage and
let me sleep
I say job well done I went perfect she's
a little dirty dusty but that's because
that's cuz there was water on it you
know what water off yeah I think for
them I'll get you a new license plate
cover that's all I'm gonna get you
something I love when we do something
and it just works like no failure no
error not like that I'm getting I'm
getting good with and if your order the
new Christmas order this is a good
chance you're gonna get one sign because
I have signed so many of these it takes
so long to it's like let me look at this
I can only do one it deed takes me a
while like honestly it takes me a while
and I can't just stack them cuz this
stuff doesn't dry instantly so I've to
like carry I don't know
so I partnered up with this app called
cheese if you don't you probably have it
if you don't have it go get it it's
completely free but what's funny is I
started my cheese account yesterday and
I didn't tell anybody I didn't tell you
guys I just started an account I posted
the GTR jump like a teaser before before
anywhere so it was like a teaser on
there and I didn't tell anybody it was
even my account everybody thought the
accounts fake I think everybody still
for this minute thinks that it's a fan
account so do me a favor if you don't
have the app already go get the app I'll
link in my description it's totally free
follow me and tell everybody that it is
not a fan or tell everybody it is a fan
account let's start a like a crazy war
on but it's super cool and they wanted
to work with me and it's always an honor
and it's fun to try to start something
new and grow it so check the app out
again it's free it's called cheese and
I'm on there and right now everybody
thinks it's a fan account so I will link
my actual account follow me if you guys
want to play
along with the whole fan account thing
I'm okay with that if you want to if you
want to try to argue with people it
thinks it's a fan account be my guest
and just post stuff that I wouldn't
normally post on the vlog or I don't
know just randomness I'm going to sign
my little heart away right now on these
and then edit this vlog because I'm
super excited to see it's weird you've
already seen it but super excited to see
the jump and Brittany's reaction and all
that so I love you guys so so much thank
you for all this for all the love
everything you do for us as a family we
will see you tomorrow you are beautiful
you are one of a kind smile more
you
