Columbus Ohio baby we're on time
hey hey guys just landed in Columbus
Ohio very busy busy place
just wait for Brit to pick me up very
excited to be home I skipped all the
airport stuff I figured it's just
getting a little repetitive so here we
are back hey I can hey mommy this little
box in here oh it's good to be home
it was awesome I slept on my cell time I
didn't even fill him I just told these
guys I just started the vlog here and uh
yeah I know
oh it's all blurry game oh come on Kenan
look you can't do it can't do it God you
miss me
I wish you more of that yummy daddy's
boy now that I'm home heck yeah dude
we're gonna go to a restaurant like we
always doing it back from the airport
but tonight we're gonna cook it home so
I want to be at home I'm home sick it
was like the longest it's like the
longest short trip I've ever taken it
felt like I got that month was a bird
poop on there it is why are you touching
it if it's Babu I think somebody missed
daddy
uh-uh you're too strong
fer taken to mommy chicken hey did you
clean this whole house huh you're
unclean hmm Oh house looks so nice oh my
gosh you can walk in here look just do
it is that clean and just throwing
everything in the corner yeah
all right okay good job man love coming
up Britni knows I love coming on to the
cleanest house cleanest Academy there's
nothing anywhere I know what it's time
for you know what it's time for it's
time for a king yeah
airplane crash you strong
Oh mommy sitting on there are we sitting
on you guys it's so good to be home man
I'm just here the Sun is just going down
and it's beautiful it's crystal clear
out it's not raining so that makes me
happy
Brittany's dancing what is she doing
how is it
what is why did you put in a bowl you
why you just the ice cream out of the
box if you wanted it ice cream I wanted
we actually just we actually just skip
past dinner we had some amazing tacos
you guys know we like tacos and now it's
dessert time
yeah we'll little baby like dessert
again I'm drinking ice cream out of a
bowl oh my god that's ridiculous
so every single time I freaking fly I
get sick
so I'm like first thing I want to do is
get a shower I ended up eating first but
I need a shot so Nate cleaned up real
quick now we have to continue this
oh yeah you guys just filled up I'm free
and I scream I'm so jet-lagged in right
now like I got that burning eye feeling
it's like I love you guys know what I'm
talking about it's like the worst I
always get it flying home I never get it
flying there what it is because you're
too excited what you're going out there
for whoa
you know you can get sick when you come
on so take care of you
so how was I was uh how was it at home
the last few days um good we missed you
a lot
we had a mind a couple of mommies and
their kids come over so can't have a
little playdate with a few friends who
painted pictures and we just cleaned the
house and normal folks I know I'm pretty
exciting pretty exciting I'm uh I'm just
gonna in the vlog the own we should do
the 360 cam giveaway let's pick tonight
and what tomorrow
we did it giveaway it small for sure 360
cam giveaway is announced tomorrow both
of us to winners Academy so many mad no
matter what there's only two happy
people in LA los integrand fun decided
everyone seemed pretty supportive yeah I
love you dude alright guys today is one
of them days where I'm gonna look at you
in the eyes and say please forgive me
I've been out of law like least is
travel day suck I hate the flight to
Ohio sauce as you lose so many hours
it's a three-hour time difference
alright guys we're gonna end it like
this tomorrow Brent and I will well
whatever we usually get into we're going
to get into and then we're gonna give
away the 360 cams and today's comment
question for you is what should we give
away next we're gonna keep this going do
the new GoPro sessions are out who
doesn't want one of those like yeah so
maybe that's it tell me what we should
give away nothing too crazy with
something fun and exciting when it keep
this going let's just do it all the time
you guys are awesome you deserve to give
back we love you guys we will see you
tomorrow
thanks for everything mama yes I'm never
going to back you guys ask for a crazy
public prank Here I am and the middle
broad daylight in a public parking lot
trying to pretend like I'm shooting cars
with paintball guns guys this
