what's up guys as promised we are about
to shoot our lottery challenge video
finally we got a thousand dollars with
lottery tickets are you ready for today
this is a big day
lottery challenge picking up our special
guests on the airport I know let's do
this let's do this
your weapon of choice I'm scratching
with a penny oh you didn't get me
actually you take the penny I'm gonna
I'm gonna use something else take that
we're trying to try to pick what
scratches lottery tickets the best I
know they make little tools for it but
how about a washer for like a tool kit I
got two yeah nothing that concerns you
space Rangers month it's not gonna start
raining don't say that
all right let's frame you up girl I got
a big boom mic in your face all right
cameras rolling let's do a little intro
this closer closer to us what's up guys
as promised to you we told you if we got
50,000 likes on a vlog a few days ago
that we would do the thousand dollar
lottery challenge this is $1,000 worth
of lottery tickets it's a lot it's crazy
this is how it's gonna work we're gonna
start scratching we're gonna guess who
who's gonna get closest what what do you
think we're gonna end up with when we've
scratched them all off I'm gonna go with
600 for 400 that's it I'm going with 600
if we make anything above $1,000 we're
gonna donate it we haven't figured out
where but we're gonna donate it anything
below a thousand we're keeping to claim
for our losses so let's do this
are you ready yep I don't know what I'm
gonna use
he's an old washer is that washer work
Greg from Nebraska all right let's do
this let's jump this jump
I'm start with the $10 actually we're
both starting with a $10 ticket this is
$10 for this ticket so let's see what we
win if she gets any of these numbers she
wins the prize that it says which oh man
that 10 bucks is going quick this is
painful I think there's this many
numbers in the alphabet oh you just
straight lost 10 bucks oh my gosh are we
seeing this right ah are you seeing that
right her first ticket is a total loss
this is also the first lottery ticket
we've ever played in our lives neither
one of us has ever bought a lottery
ticket and it is a complete loser 10
bucks down the drain this will be the
loser pot now this will be the loser
yourself right in the fire yeah the
loser pile goes in the fog all right
we're just in the fall we're just gonna
start killing these things we're gonna
have to check really close 10 you lost 2
5 10 5 and 10 all losers so far we're
off to a rocky start
No okay this is a $30 ticket this ticket
cost $30 you have to write okay this is
a $5 ticket so for those of you that
have never played lottery like us I'm
gonna show you real quickly how these do
work usually they just have winning
numbers that you scratch off once you
scratch them off all you have to do is
get one of those numbers and you win a
prize if I have 40 45 50 50 bucks on a
20 all right all right it's like you can
lose 10 and win one and you feel so good
a $30 loss are you trapping me no I'm
leaving this wrong another 30 completely
zero I got a double check these I don't
know okay our first winner
we won $10 on a $5 card that's good
awesome there's 25 there's 25 25 rich
hundred okay that's good we needed that
yeah you're just one of hundred dollars
on this ticket oh yeah I'm doing it
right what are you talking about I'm a
professional now all right so uh oh you
know what let's write down so we don't
add this stuff all right so what she
goes and grabs a jacket I'm just gonna
tally up we have four winning tickets we
have one two three seven eight nine ten
fifteen sixteen sixteen losing tickets
damn
I can't wait to burn these I just can't
wait to burn all right guys we're all
done man you created like a you could
rebuild a lottery ticket I think at all
this we are all done let's count up the
winning and the losing you count the
losers 20 winners these are the loser
part you don't realize we had that many
53 losers 20 winners not even half okay
let's find out how much we got back okay
so guys we spent $1,000 cash we put in
our guesses I said 600 Brit said 400 I
know all you guys voted in yesterday's
vlog what you thought the number would
be so here we go let's find out what it
is you do this yeah now this is the only
winner on the whole book 20 and we did
the bingo ones which all were losers
wait did you win it no they're all
losers she is doing the math right now
will we break even will we get half our
money back that's what I want to know I
mean there's a couple good winners in
there a lot of bad ones yes I can turn
you off really that's a 12 more than
half more than half I was closest
wait without going over all right 400 he
said sit there it is we ended up with
five hundred and thirty seven dollars
back losing just less than half the
money I'm glad we did this you know what
this is a good eye-opener for me for you
for all of us and I've said it before we
can earn a million faster than we can
win a million I mean that took a long
time that took a lot all right we got a
lot to do
I know because now I know I said I
wasn't putting this in the vlog today
but we're gonna put it in the vlog
forget making you guys watch two videos
hey before I leave you want to do our
rocket ship thing our Ironman thing
ready you guys ready this is daddy and
daddy and Kane special are you ready for
a new guest to come over yeah so fun I
bet you even played games our ride has
arrived
climb in dude check it out come on Oh
how cool is that
it looks like him we are already on the
road we decided to switch it up a little
bit and get this nice stretch black
Hummer limo we got Brandon driving again
he seems to be our pickup guy now man
you gonna be our official driver we're
on our way to the airport right now
just likes freakin my camera out
we are gonna pick up her again still
gonna head to dinner we're gonna go out
there this time just we really don't
have much the house right now so babe
yeah big make good thing it's kind of a
win-win because we get to inch away a
little bit of a luxury right we never
taking my mom's anymore
now thank you special goodness we hit
them limo
should've taken it here in use it on
your bo-zone
mother of all Pella man
the students been in so many movies you
may know him from men in black you may
know him from Harry Potter you may know
him from one of my favorites Austin
Powers what's up hey good man what's up
dude your name Bonnie Lonnie is here
Eddie what's up buddy
boom you ready to rock what is all this
Michigan stuff you know where you're at
right now dude do you know what you're
doing you got to turn around bro you got
to turn around
Tom Tom Brady signed it yeah it's kind
of smudged out Steve budgeted Jimmy rose
so fuck my Saint extreme I got you the
biggest limo extreme do it does wheelies
hey you got to put a Michigan sticker on
your limo man
what do you mean why'd I get this I mean
it's huge
a big limo
it's like gimme a cake I wanted you to
have a big limo thank you so much I
appreciate it
Bertie's huge we could put a lot of runs
in here oh yeah
when I called a lot of shooters Smurfs
when he called little people Smurfs hey
it's not like the Ambler it's not I mean
it's late so if anybody walks up to you
after they they see this video and they
call your schmurder awesome thumbs up
all right yeah yeah okay so we just
landed in Columbus with Vern he wanted
to go to Thurman's Thurman and he saw it
on TV man versus food and I said let's
do it
so here's the tradition here as you sign
a dollar bill and we put it on the wall
can you borrow well we'll just use all
your dollar bills you're paying for the
meal oh yeah because I was inviting it's
because I got is that what it is
anyway anyway I still want to be it's on
me so guarantee what are you writing on
your dollar you're gonna make a dollar I
totally should Greg again to a dollar
yeah this is social guy and awesome why
don't you why don't you tell my viewers
what you do I don't really know what I
do I tell people what to do I bet you've
seen him before
oh you big with Dan Bilzerian if you
guys never bad you're his social media
management yeah yeah he does all of his
social media so you've seen him on Dan's
Instagram literally on his Instagram
you're on there there's no unfortunately
I'm on that's awesome
young Compton said you complete me do
you completely burn mini-me
dude they're gonna hang that up in the
back which it's gonna be on eBay and
three minutes you guys obviously know
what I put on my dollar I'm working man
I'm working oh I thought this is what
burns dollar was gonna look like this is
great that's a hot dog dude so this is
the smallest burger they had and it's
pretty big this is ridiculous Kim can
you beat this humanly possible job it's
hard to tell exactly how big this hot
dog is but it's one pound
no you're fine take mine of it lose it
my god so good
Michael yeah
this is the Terminator yeah how much did
they say no wait 32 pounds okay you
really wait 32 pounds
how much does Kane weigh about that
there's so many dollar bills in here
they're hanging up our collection that
we made they go all the way around the
bar really cool all right man we'll get
out of here it's starting to rain
everybody gets a taste of Ohio's weather
so we just got back to my house we
warped here and Verne caught a guy
tonight the LAX getting tasered the
craziest thing this guy chases him down
on his carton films the whole thing now
we've got the news coming over to
interview him they tracked him down
right here how crazy is it the video is
pretty awesome though I know you said
it's nothing I see too much yeah yeah
you get tased but the guy that got tased
lost dropped his hat yeah Verena Verne
has his hat this is the hat that fell
off the guy got tased yeah it sounded
like you're telling them put down a gun
but I don't think that was ever telling
them to get down get down get down
we got a call all right guys we're gonna
wrap up our night thanks for watching
thanks for hanging out with us thanks
for playing along with the lottery
ticket challenge was a lot of fun kind
of took a beating over it but we're
gonna have a blast with Vern tomorrow
and his team we are gonna make it some
fun stuff for you guys we love you we
will see them all thanks for watching
small boy
oh my gosh it's like living in a house
full of clowns
how would you be if I just kick this
window and just shattered it
