kidding what's up guys what's up Pete
Euphemia little baby Oh wittle baby need
some food
oh I don't look like a baby it's
attractive how long can you take if I
put that in the mic it's to give me the
worst sound they were sailing into here
getting run over to my brother Dale's
house real quick get some shooting end
before we we decided to light the grill
up in the barbecue and have people over
tree pretty fun
okay so today we're having a little bit
of fun Dale has that you guys know Dale
he's always crafty he's crafted up some
homemade movable targets and now he
wants me to trace him onto this car so
we'll be killing my brother today see
don't we get your shirt off what if
anyone hits anything I'm gonna get you
sure all that why cuz I'm not sure I'll
go right
hey it's that market worth cup so dry
dog I got another method that's a legit
tracing right there I haven't got your
face on everything
yeah nailed it you slice your ear off
you got to work for this one now all
right
carnival game is ready man oh man oh man
look at our guys that's pretty awesome I
like that we're gonna wet right points
on each balloon you put it on a rope and
swill already got a setup that's just
really Holies that yellow line is the
moving target all that goes back and
forth ah that's awesome this gotta be
the greatest thing I've ever ever put in
my blog look at this
homemade Dale's homemade movable target
sleeve this what let's give a
demonstration Dale all right bad guy
see
tree branches this is that whoa
did he can even hide in the trees I saw
tree cover it's like a home alone dude
is in the house moving all the cardboard
cutouts it's fantastic this is Brandon
what's up dude we are come on man I went
down I was about to show my hostage
situation
well maybe staple it on yeah yes staple
it walks down what is crafted up a
hostage situation guys look at this bad
guy good guy girl I'm not exactly sure
what this is four seconds to shoot this
guy in the head and if you hit the
hostage you obviously lose if you don't
kill him you lose that's a win-lose
situation and if you shoot the hostage
and not him he turns and shoots you so
you're all uh I didn't know we were
doing this yeah I just go when I'm ready
when you ready oh but the gun has to be
pointed down yeah let the girl go clear
your gun through the top of the head oh
that's a direct hit
holy crap dude did he save alright so
she gets to live another day I don't
think you can get a better shot than
that I mean maybe over a yeah sheets of
an inch man the pressures oh this is
yeah game yeah if I don't hit this is a
new gun I don't really know where
chanting don't do it job on got him in
the duck lips did need gentle
reconstructive surgery
well did you pretty look at dad that's
considered a kill my friends Oh Jojo
let's do it ready when you are
deader than crap oh my gosh I think you
got a better shot than I did
oh you got him right did you did it that
was the perfect shot right there I
between the eyes are we are we saying go
I like the idea of pressure like go you
have time to pull your gun up and take a
shot all right she wants to go I will
okay
houses just ran out of the room go get
him dad him and dad let me cheekbone go
oh sure I still missed the old broad
though all right pry her arm with her
yeah that's an arm that's that's an arm
you took his hand off you shot out I
missed that bed you hit his hand hit her
arm and then hit him in the belly so
he's still he got the shot off though
yeah he showed me he would have dropped
the gun if I had now his nerves the
muscles tensed up actually pulled the
gun and killed it all kill granny I'm
sorry yeah but you got three hits on one
bullet oh I have no idea where that went
oh wait no no see now you got him right
in the heart through her shoulder blade
Oh
granny's taking some hits even know it's
expected 30 feet mommy don't want us
saving you be mine he can come in the
room and save you all right hostages
robbed the gummybear store he's finding
the target oh he found grandma go
whoa headshot headshot
that's CG took that school right off ha
ha ha oh I got in that time look at that
scalped him Rama lives
give me them pearls growl oh you've been
such a nice boy here take $500
alright Dale's up I need you I need you
the bad guy just disliked one of my
videos he grabbed grandma he's coming
out
go oh three potential three potential
shots here I aimed at the top of the
board
oh you got him in the head oh no you
kill dude oh oh but you got to wait that
was mine from last round yeah but that's
yours and that sure that little guy I
wouldn't worry about that little guy
this one right here that's called
collateral damage Oh Oh brain stuff
Ron it ran stepping on the Rope chest
ah alright I don't know what happened I
don't know what happens I guess which
Tommy oh man that's not gonna cut it
guys that's it he got away he got away
he got away he's a nun subscriber hmm
this is how you handle a real hostage
situation
I think that one counts Roman wow that's
beautiful
that's sweet what what huh hey
definitely made her drop her purse I
like it sixty-day grandma's had a rough
day
this is a real hostage situation welding
I love it simple oh my gosh she's so
creepy can he only only my left side
there peekaboo well no we run the rope
from this side around the straw we got
it you peek out either way I'm not gonna
lie
that's pretty awesome peekaboo you ready
go for it
good job man take your time
all right guys just getting back home
just in time for a shower I'm actually
people are starting to come over so I
throw on some clothes and you're coming
too let's hang out together while you
guys know I haven't me right now is it
is it because other people
the house is filling up with people
humans eating drinking turn turns in
time what the heck you think you're
doing ya better be for banana
who's ready for some grilling we've even
got veggie burgers tonight it's watching
the tug of war battle Jeff first my
brother Dale who will win don't let go
I'll come over there and hitch if you
let go okay ready go uh-oh uh-oh Dale
seems to have the upper hand
he's got no chance uh-oh over the top
Mike man he's a manly Beast I would do
it but I just had popcorn yeah my dad's
out here torturing kids can get it you
can get it get it oh you can't get it
all right we're warping into the night a
little bit Kayne are you making mommy
carry your car seat for the fire I need
to sit down tomorrow's like oh yes Percy
stands up no I can't see the fire oh oh
we're just getting it started
nice fire job Dale don't look too close
why don't look too close all right guys
here she is look at that
Babu we're just getting it started
really to be honest with you I don't
know if you guys know this or not but
there's a fire outside greedy what
really happened is I keep those kids
outside taking room and then all the
grown-ups can funny pretty boy oh I
remember my first don't judge me you
guys remember your first beer drink beer
I'm low carbs yeah that would be Biden
rule this is look up no priest oh no no
carpet on there even though he's wearing
his shoes in my house cares about my
carpet the shoes are nice you're wearing
shoes in your house what is doing trying
on Mary's got come check this out who's
up there where we are now a great red
spot hey John yeah haha what is this
what is this uneaten dude no no you guys
you guys you guys are witnessing this to
it what is this this is a trick should
do I have do I have to put it in the
blender
they just made this and I didn't even
know was here and I'm on a diet cuz I
want to see my kid graduate middle
school isn't even an accomplishment but
you people think it is fun slip one down
the gullet ha ha slip one down y'all
we're gonna upgrade to a bra oh yeah
yeah come on I brought with us have to
work up to that don't worry you can do
it ought to ask you to you ever heard
the how to write
yeah the bride's right there it's right
here baby while you're moving abroad
baby
are you trying s'mores are we gonna do
see yours no need this brought that was
so if I'm doing some is some I was
samosas all right I think I can do this
right this sideways good the hoagie lock
kids put it in the hoagie lahar here we
go this is those good at your video flag
fat dude knocks up broad all right here
we go
epic master dude like you can get enough
hot dog to come here
all of the pallets are gone well these
are some of the benefits of having a lot
of people at your house and a neighbor's
dog good morning oh man I'm sorry you
still sleep have a veggie burger luckily
we left all the food out so we can just
have breakfast right here
it's a busy busy busy busy morning all
right guys that is all we got for you
today I hope you enjoyed the the
shooting and the bonfire sir I don't
think I feel much of it actually the
bonfire but we might go to a huge car
show tell me in the comments should we
go to the car show today I think it can
be a good time the weather seems like
it's holding up it's supposed to right
don't be like that
don't be like that don't be like that we
love you guys um I think it'd be fun we
love it we'll see you mom smile more
even know if it's possible I'm on fire
it's raining again what the heck are you
doing what are you doing right now with
yourself you're sitting in a sink
