what's up my friends starting the day
off giving Clifford an oil change serves
it needs an oil change cooking a lot why
we talked to her we talked about our
truck like it's a human being the
biggest baby you've ever had no that's
you oh there is nothing worse than
losing your wallet right now literally I
just had it
now it's nowhere to be found it's like a
crime scene in here see under this I
looked under the seat from here here's
your little doggie bag one thing I love
about that place is we go in and they
just give us a brand-new this this
4runner is a 2015 it's got five miles on
it it's got five miles on it we're gonna
borrow it while they work on our truck
and we're doing today here get out of
your purse I don't know if they've Wow
they've seen what this looks like this
is crazy
yeah yeah you guys you guys ever seen
$1,000 looks like that's it right there
nothing to it just a couple pieces of
paper at least we can do is put gas in
it for them you know I mean we're gonna
fill it up we're going to make right and
here's the thing guys let me fill you in
for people that didn't watch yesterday's
vlog we did it
I challenged you guys if the vlog got
50,000 likes we would do the lottery
challenge today we've brought in $1,000
cash with us we're gonna buy lottery
tickets from all over the city random
ones and then we're gonna do the
challenge for you guys guess how much
money we're going to end up with after
we've scratched them all off
I haven't come up with my number yet I
still don't know you sit 400 it's
probably not a bad guess I have no idea
I'm still thinking about all right guys
we're about to purchase our first
lottery ticket I've ever bought hey
either one of us has ever bought this
would be the first time you don't even
know what to ask but I don't even know
ask a lottery ticket hi man
we've never bought a lottery ticket
before we have 200 bucks okay we need to
get lottery tickets what can you
recommend on what you want to say we I
don't know give us the best that's how
you do it right let's see what you get
for $200 I don't know there's two of our
ten 100's
it's actually a lot more than I thought
that's a lot okay I have a feeling that
we're gonna have way too many it's gonna
take a whole day to scratch all these
this is only 20% of the thousand how
many tickets you should do bigger Emmett
I don't know it's like a friggin puzzle
I don't know if you can
you're probably gonna mess so many of
these up because we didn't read it right
look at all the instructions I guess
it's probably common sense well there
wasn't not just sunny it was just this
Sun still there there these are
complicated all right next up it's
freakin nasty
just like a big mix of the big ones well
I'll tell you what money doesn't go far
playing the lottery
that's what I got four hundred dollars
that's 400 bucks for Pete paper that's
paper dude I had to get I had to spend
more because it's gonna take all like
look how many so I did big ones like
these are 20 20 $30 for that ticket and
then all of these I mean this is gonna
be a huge so where are you doing the
smart thing well this is exciting we are
just running gas station to gas station
buying lottery tickets I don't know we
went from never buying a ticket in our
life to buying stacks of tickets this
could turn into a terrible addiction
is it common for people to come in here
and spend 400 bucks on lottery tickets
it's not that is it that's $1,000 with
the lotto so we only did 200 at one gas
station 400 at one gas station 400 at
one gas three different gas stations we
were gonna do a lot more but it's just
there's no way I mean they even said
it's not common for people to spend that
so I figured with businesses you buy a
bunch and like put them in like company
cards and stuff I love you what you do
with lottery tickets all right we're
gonna give the truck back things nice I
love it here's our truck it's all done
nice we just jumped inside to eat real
quick
chips nachos some the cutest little
thing I've ever seen what is this really
it's tiny chicken bring her front she
split my side that side she took that's
how we eat chicken fingers fries you see
that
Ramin making fun of all the songs
although I have like downloaded not
actually like this song I like these
songs
no Jews can tell ya I saw me
you just hate cuz I saw exactly
Eddi
okay
that's alright since we're on the topic
of music we should get some things out
of the way because everybody always asks
what's your favorite your favorite music
ok I'm gonna list mine because I've seen
it and I listed all the time Eminem
probably number one I've listened to
that more than anybody Hollywood Undead
love them I've been listening to them
like when I was passion that's all I was
a Hollywood Undead
Avenged Sevenfold
and then just a lot of country music now
I don't listen to that but yeah I was
listening to faint though yesterday
anyone
remember
don'tdon't ah hey hey hey what's up in
the in the atwood house let me see buddy
oh man that's your first real boo-boo
yeah you got this at the pool yesterday
fell so hard at the pool you know what
though
your body's gonna heal it all by itself
it's just gonna go away like a superhero
and it'll be gone and then you'll be
like where'd my booboo go mommy got it
came the best the best six dollar bow
and arrow
have you tried to shoot the arrows have
you tried to shoot them yeah
is this what six bucks gets you right
here window window toys he's a superhero
world right now he's probably climbing
skyscrapers wait time I turn around got
a new outfit on tell us where he is no
one gets hurt
I don't want no trouble look I was just
I was just doing my job
not the suction dart to tell us where he
is and no one gets hurt yeah
mmm-hmm no mercy you take me out the
second I know it as soon as I give you
the info you're gonna kill me ah so hard
did you get him Batman
yeah yeah oh no he needs recharge
Electric is always ready
he's recharged and ready to go so guys
just in case you want to know what a
thousand dollars of lottery tickets look
like this is it right here
thousand dollars cash today we spent on
lottery tickets
we went from never buying a lottery
ticket in our life to buying a thousand
dollars worth but I think it's for a
cool cause to create a new video and to
create a new challenge the challenge is
for all of us including you you're gonna
comment how much money are we gonna end
up with when we've scratched all the
tickets every single one of these it
just doesn't look like much does it
I mean that's a lot to scratch but no
but when you start adding them up I mean
these are 30 a pop 30 30 30 30 20 20 100
$100 right there maybe I should take a
picture anyway guys so here's how the
challenge is gonna work before I make
the challenge video if we make anything
above $1,000 we'll donate it what I
don't know to what but we've donated
we'll do something fun with the money
that's that's out of a good cause
anything below a thousand we keep to pay
back the video we just spent up that but
I think this is a cool one this is gonna
be fun
so yeah it's gonna be cool it's a
challenge for all of us tell me in the
comments today how much money we're
gonna end up with at the in this video
we're gonna get it going we're gonna
shoot this to me a lot of fun and that's
about it we will see you tomorrow I'm
gonna end it right now
Britney sorting and having fun yeah I'll
take a picture for something
Twitty tweety tweeting Twitter tweeting
that's pretty cool we love you guys we
will see you tomorrow this is gonna be a
lot of fun I expect this challenge video
to go up very soon and yeah so here we
go I'm gonna actually
my guess in the actual challenge video
I'm not going to put it out there yet
but I think it's gonna be much I think
we're gonna I think we're gonna lose big
get off the table
oh it's so funny I love this you you
look crazy
alright small more guys we love you
we'll see you tomorrow
my GoPro just pull off did it fall don't
think so I think it did
