hey guys before I start this ridiculous
vlog probably the most ridiculous while
you've ever seen I just want to tell you
that the new prank is up it's super fun
it was really hard to do make sure you
watch to the end there's a big surprise
there we're shooting for two hundred
thousand likes guys I know we can do it
you guys are ridiculously powerful if we
get there I'm gonna buy my kids t-shirts
that's right it's gonna for real to
enjoy the vlog go smash this prank I
love you smile boy
hey guys starting the vlog super duper
late I spent the entire day on the couch
my lunch everything I didn't move all
day getting the new prank done which is
absolutely insane how much time I put
into this thing how was your guys's day
what'd you do today what does that
band-aid yeah little boo-boo baby a baby
boo-boo mommy get over here I'm not
through with you
you feed the fit what you played with
Ellen did you guys have fun what'd you
do tell me about it cuz we we didn't
vlog today so I want to tell everybody
what we did do well I couldn't go
outside cuz it's raining yeah yeah
sounds fascinating so fun I can't leave
you had that fun of a day that is crazy
how's your day mommy good what did you
do we went to some nail party my sister
hang with what came Oh fuck-you little
vicious with cane and Jess Oh
fascinating go look it up scales it's
like talking to a couple of microwaves
settled on two nails with boy colors
cane what is this I don't know how daddy
feels about that you gonna put a dress
on tomorrow ah all right look I shot
today I shot the intro to the prank
today I completely forgot an intro
that's like something I always forget to
do so I shot it today while they were
gone everybody had good days the new
prank is up I feel like this was the
first time editing a video that it was
above my edit level I felt like it was
above my skill level I struggled with it
tremendously it was a whole nother level
for me I hope you guys are able to enjoy
it
it is up right now please go love it
share all of you can Facebook Twitter
Instagram I'm asking you guys for love
on this one it was really hard for me
and it definitely challenged everything
I've ever done it's challenged me so
since we don't have much of a vlog today
I'm gonna cut to a bunch of behind the
scenes that I didn't get to show you
before and stop rambling there's a lot
of talking
biting me now we don't have food money
okay yeah where is Annie it's only
there's a side setting button Maryland
oh okay so if you're on video it's all
settings for video your own photo it's
all sitting on a hook thank you
yeah okay go Nicole okay yeah why don't
you ready
she better not be on her way already
that's what I'm worried about
no she's about to have her life changed
she filed the drive away mister your
calling it's the garage shut doors are
shut and locked what does that mean she
didn't answer sometimes she just won't
get her phone in time in right so I just
need to know when they're done firing
the guns right what is their proper
procedure to leave the area low ready
position the muzzles go down to the
ground
Cowboys are they do they plan on walking
off of the area they can walk with the
guns or they can leave the guns and walk
okay that's fine it whatever you come
you're comfortable done walking they can
just put the guns down to a low ready
position and walk around the corner with
the muzzles pointed at the ground all
five of us and I'll be the last guy the
lead guy you'll lead I should and you'll
just after we get done firing guns I'll
go down low ready walk right around the
corner and off set so just like you are
before you shoot you leave the same way
yes yes sir and then we've already
talked grandmas going to come in through
this front door I'm going to greet her
the show's running the cameras are
running you guys are outside with the
gun stuff she can't see all right so we
need to make sure you boys are totally
sealed also that garage door the glass
should be covered with something just in
case we're going to probably immediately
head outside like I mean there's no
reason to wait and you know your heart
oh right
yeah we should walk through it but yeah
I mean I'm going to be right at the
corner of the house I would say so when
Grandma comes in they can all be here
and it's like just a regular - yeah but
but it's just like there's already so
many people like for the prank in my
head it's just too hectic it's too much
I want to keep the focus on grandma and
what's going on here right it's like if
all this is going on it's just nobody's
gonna be able to follow it from
especially if I'm shooting like a master
GoPro shot it's just going to be a mess
and when we do get outside when we do
get outside how long before the guns are
shooting when me and girl walk around
the corner the gun should shoot that the
you should cue it I remember we have
that so you'll cue it when you feel that
she's in place and they have a really
good cameras on her so you can go your
cueing the guys yeah Rick's going to
take that you know three two one fire
and that's your gonna cue them to fight
so you all be ready so when I come out
it's going to be kind of hard to hear
with her you'll be able to show me
though he'll probably know you and you
yell fine all right guys ready in three
two one go and you guys boom up a bum
car blows grandma hopefully shits on the
floor haha and from there it's it's
patch up time yeah and and be out of
sight there too so you guys are more
than welcome hang out there you want the
medic just left where it is should be
fine there yeah double-check everything
but it should be fine
we just try to get the GoPros ready okay
I got basically seven cameras rolling on
this guy so we're just trying to get out
of it and pray for that story
Curtis is probably prepping that one
getting that one okay oh we still don't
the one into here comes Curtis gray
what'd she say a lot of oh shit
when caught it oh that's good and we can
use that footage yeah yeah this is off
my phone and your brother's hovering
like over here so he's gonna get at him
yeah not quite but it was you got
probably if we can suck in two hours but
you gotta member we had a camera on the
car yeah no we'll have it we got oh
that's good
but all is way better than when the bomb
goes off at when you're on my screen you
are shooting Mia grandma when that boat
look good why she kind of like
completely backed oh yeah oh yeah but
they didn't they would never I mean look
at this with your phone yeah get rid of
that camera dude that's all like what
school actions when they saw it when I
say firing then little that little
what's initial looks like they're
hitting it yeah you're right
good work good work buddy you guys know
how hard it was to hide the fact that he
bought grandma a brand new car you know
hard that was tight from you guys it's
impossible it's the hardest thing I've
ever had to hide well I hated every
second of it but now we can we can show
them her new car more and take a drive
in it hang out all right guys this is
really all I got for you today a bunch
of behind the scenes a little bit of
what we did today our fill in basically
vlog filling blog I sat on the couch all
day doing this prank and I'm still not
done I'm gonna be up all night your net
and editing this I love it we will see
you guys tomorrow
thanks so much got another prank right
behind this one for you please share
this as much as possible I'm asking you
if you've never shared my pranks please
share this one the most you can I love
you guys let's see if we get it to
200,000 likes you guys yesterday's vlog
50,000 likes in two hours I bet you can
get this
right the 200,000 let's try it I love
you we'll see you tomorrow
smile more to one
