yeah look at this welcome to the vlog
guys check out the girls they got horses
today this is crazy what's up ladies
what amber why you tight on that awesome
or what see there in the ocean with a
horses oh my gosh amber Britt Veronica
Mattie you know what happens to the crab
like grabs a horse leg like just grab
that horses like your girl's going fly
mom I think they'd like it either way
the horse just go to the deep in and
just dump see your mother you see her
right there hooves
look at their hooves guys welcome fish
Lee welcome to our 20th vlog in a row
that's accomplishment Noah that's an
accomplishment you know our record is
about 550 vlogs in a row and since then
I have never been able to keep up a
solid streak so although this may end
jump now I'm just kidding it's gonna
we're gonna keep going we've got to keep
going the girls just took off on their
horses they're having a blast even
wanting to do the Brittany's gonna want
to do that for a very very long time so
I'm glad she got to do that so we were
gay it's not something it's kind of
cloudy it's pretty got my boys and we're
just hanging out we are times ticking on
this vacate now okay so my dad's found
some conch salad conch salad you like
the stuff it's unbelievable I never had
I've had conch but it's fried okay so
this is just raw I liked it so much when
I was young and I came here that I
stopped at this little shop along the
ocean and ordered conch salad so the guy
takes a chain and pulls the conch up all
hooked on the chain on the ocean yeah
punches a hole in it runs the conch out
dices it up on a big log with lice and
everything this is true story
he makes it it was fantastic I got now I
only go with reputable trailers
get some a juice in there what is it
lemon lime is lime lemon get some meat
on there you gotta put some on them
bones quickly again that's a good that's
a good modest bite eat more than that
stop that a good bite right there yeah
this is a good bite amazing and if you
like that's probably cuz I like it great
yeah it's some believe that's ten out of
ten yeah that's reputable not only that
that counts raw is it they let me run it
out of that show chop it up gain he's
cutting your coconuts right now check it
out so pro and the biz right there
should we do the coconut opening
challenge and take us like 45 minutes to
get in there but yeah we might a finger
to that cool high over there that's
crazy I already see the juice okay he's
gonna hand you that alright and take it
Shawn about a guy and go that's awesome
man thank you so much all right well I
guess we've decided to enter the eye of
the storm we're going out jumping on a
little island doing some type of
parachuting skydiving isn't that it
skydiving you got your fishing balls
whoo apparently there's some type of
island out here that you they take you
to and then there's some type of
parasailing or something like that you
ready to rock if it rains we shall go
underwater I'm just kidding come on my
man what's going on with you the secret
don't get wet spot right here they're
all gonna get wet back here and they
don't know it what's yours
all right come country there we go like
it's a platformer it's like a promise no
country let your hair out let it blow
hey get some air it is this is our
island pulling up to the island all
right we are on this floating bar it's
amazing yeah here we go
this is cool right what do you think of
that Noah that must be the landing zone
right there I don't quite have it
figured out how this works I don't know
I see a big parachute looking parachute
thing and I'm gonna pull us off the dock
bring your poles look nice no fishing
poles oh you feel about this good little
nervous shady out here but I think this
is what I think this is gonna be perfect
get you sketchy
it's sketchy Minetti out here you have
an art Gavin Gavin Bryan hey it's been
nice knowing you guys all right you guys
Miami this is good kids because we're
gonna watch Bryan and Gavin do it first
right see if we really want to do this
they're gonna like like cool maybe like
a guinea pig or lab rat you know set it
out right now look at this rope I just
want to just grab that with my ankle and
just short bondage dude that's a long
like you're going way up there
yo this is amazing yeah you go you are
gonna be in Miami I'll see you back in
Florida
see ya
how you feeling good we did this
remember on your birthday in Punta Cana
they're not gonna literally launch off
that thing nearly got four all right
knowing our next oh you wanna bet are
you gonna fly without this I'm already
one up on ya trust me I wanted you to go
next but they were like we want to make
sure it's safe for you so we're gonna
test it out they are give me the good
luck five BAM you gotta keep your legs
bent keep your knees bent even opposed
you gotta walk on fire that menopause
wanna walk walk are you guys are
definitely going over you're definitely
going up that's amazing
you ready that was awesome dude all
right what side you want
they're gone
this is really amazing it's so peaceful
and quiet it might be windy on the GoPro
but it's unbelievable
there was a platform I guess country
can't do it he's gonna have to shave his
beard country's gonna have to shave his
beard what do you guys think you know
Romans not here right in the comments if
country should have to shave his beard
for not parasailing everyone else is it
country my six-year-olds going by coach
is not going because the family did all
decide to go that's it I'll just come
along a time I don't want to do this
shark junction you know me I'm one with
the sharks you just be sending me home
country all I hear is excuses excuses
hey my excuse my partner are we gonna go
together say my partner wants to stay
here I'm telling romance all of this
Roman will pressure you into this you
have to be the biggest con artist in the
world agree to me to do this and it's
not gonna work this time okay okay we'll
see when Roman lands we'll see what
happens
then think country wasn't scared yeah I
know should country go not if not a
peace Mouse no is it that hard that
country couldn't do it it's pretty hard
I don't know if he can do it when should
country do it yes and if he doesn't
should he have to shave his beard yes or
no I started a small brush fire
that's kindling into something amazing
we're gonna be coming in from
landing anytime wow it's beautiful yeah
Seanie turtles or sharks upper you can
see you had your eyes open right no no
no oh you're coming shot since you've
been gone we got into a bit of a sticky
situation countries on the fence about
going I told him that he doesn't go
beards gotta go oh he said he thinks
he'll go if you want him to go he said
if you tell him to go he'll go just
point the camera and be like you're
going right but yeah you're going right
country you're doing this it's like the
cameras like my no Romans on the birds
now say you're going say you're going do
it say it say it do it at its finest
good job Roman you step one foot and
it's on like that good thanks for going
with me man that was awesome
can't you see us up there you see me
waving are you gonna go are you serious
so it's a game change like the WWE Tag
did my partner my partner's relieving me
out of this air jump he's going in with
you
and that's what's gonna happen hey he
just yo you know what I'm really
impressed that you're doing this really
yeah well you're like six honey is that
can it be oh my god it's you should know
that is but you're so high up in here
that is just one step past yeah step
into this loop and that loop oh yeah
dude my daredevil hold these
that's gonna be your seat little buddy
so go on way up
what cane you're really gonna do that
ready
grazie K&L below 700 I know you
literally braver than country country
right now and he swum with sharks just
sit down like a swing alright Dale scoot
back
it's like battlegrounds landing into
pachie key I missed the roof now half my
health is gone we're like right here all
right happens really fast we landed and
Dale and his family get rigged up and
they're out of here
see you guys hey good job man that is
awesome when he gets home blowing Boop
that be he deserves one yeah it's always
put me on the spot I got a plan for Dale
I decided I have one partner I could go
up in the air with so I'm going up with
Dale and he's my partner but not only
when we're swinging around we're gonna
get dunked in the water oh you got it
all planned out you guys don't get up
wait Duncan
he'll love it oh I got you that that's
fun dude that is so much fun I know he
is just day I'm just on a swing here
they come whoo good job guys
all right mom and dad going up have fun
guys so nervous when they don't talk you
know they're nervous oh man I know mom
you know mom's freaking dad's gonna pray
really they're all gonna love once
you're up there you just love dolphins
it's dolphins out here wait so you're
going with country I guess I get to go
again
oh so that's oh so you talk dill and he
has to go with you don't let him hear
this but I guess it's my punishment I
have to go parasailing like yeah I'm and
dad coming into shark's mouth will they
get a full hundred points oh and they
miss have fun have fun guys
like when you know it's just more
pressure on everyone else to say yeah
that's an important clip so de lijn
country are out there right now in
countries joke is that he planned with
the driver to dunk them in the water
here at the end so hopefully I can
capture that and I think honestly the
joke's on country cuz they don't care he
loves the water I think we all agree
that country is gonna be under just
falling just falling into the they're
gonna dump them Dale was oh my god
stay on your feet boy all right you did
it they're gonna drop the chute watch
this that was awesome that was amazing
what took us literally stomach deep yeah
30 ran out of gas
super fun I'm proud of my boys man
that's just these are the things they're
getting bigger that we get to do fun
things together like that would've been
fun by myself with my boys it was born
look like et back here
so I guess the joke was getting Dale wet
yeah yeah I loved it you have to step
the game up day you'd have to like cut
the straps and just let me free fall
faster with water I'm in alright it may
sound crazy but we're all roping got a
piece oh the head we've been out there
forever canes here blurry camera no it
just ran in he yeah he went parasailing
he did amazing score asleep hi baby
hey is that you squeaking in here hi
baby
good afternoon are you oh I missed my
girl I miss my girl look how big she
gettin baby's getting big so brick got
up super early this morning not only
with Corbett they got horses you saw the
beginning of vlog they did horseback how
was that is it amazing you guys in the
ocean look amazing by the way that's
black paint on her I'm looking through
the cameras like is she bruised well
guys this this uh this officially makes
twenty vlogs in a row I feel I actually
feel really good about especially during
vacation vlogs because it's super easy I
mean really easy yeah it's like there's
definitely a couple actually today was
the first day I was like you know what
gonna skip today I'm just gonna hang out
the fan do nothing on camera but twenty
in a row
roblox prison ten like somebody really
made some work on sittin that suppose so
we kept it going and expected I don't
know I guess I expected to miss days on
vacay but we didn't were rocking it out
so thank you so much for coming along
with us uh to me some of these vlogs
have been some of the funnest in a long
time we are gonna end it here though
we're not gonna continue it tonight
we're just gonna cut it off and we will
see you tomorrow
you're beautiful one-of-a-kind smile
you
