ready funny face funny face funnier face
what's up guys hope you're having an
awesome day we are actually getting like
a reset day a normal day
no no craziness going on kind of almost
I'm actually actually he's here
we got the rescue truck coming out to
pick up momma's car it is no longer with
us
for anybody that missed yesterday's vlog
we well this is what's left of the car
it actually surprisingly if you look at
the picture I posted online you'll be
surprised how good this car looks I mean
we blew the hell out of it but it's not
bad
what was your name man Rob Rob yep you
used to picking up cars that's been
blown up nope
this is a first welcome to my house yeah
when you guys see this video you're not
going to believe that this car still
looks like this
you're not like even the picture I put
up on Instagram you just can't believe
that it still looks like a car it's
unbelievable
it's stuck in gear so the tires won't
move it's just dragging it
here's what's left of the sign thanks
man thanks so much and we'll see it well
I'm sure we'll see you sipping say bye
bye bye mama's car did you see him pick
that thing up you just put it right on
the bed of his truck usually Hawk has to
come and pick the car up huh well that's
it for the car hey mommy sleep why mrs.
levy these last few days beat you up all
I can think about is this new prank
getting it up Sunday it's gonna be so
good I've already showed you guys too
much though just a normal day when you
find bullet casings in the couch why did
you throw on the ground I don't know
I'll pick it up later good driving dude
you have fun I didn't even know this
thing worked it's so old it's been
sitting in our garden for like a year
uh-huh you know what I charged um our RC
cars do you want to drive on yours come
on let's go see if it's charged he's so
excited I told him the RC cars cars
which are okay we gotta get some new
batteries in there you not to put them
in yeah flat part on the spring that's
it good job man okay get the back for it
good job did all right so my trucks dead
which is weird cuz I charged it all
night oh we got canes keep going you got
it alright let's start small and work
our way up okay there you go
whoa way to go dude
you hit it right on ready set go
Wow yeah awesome hey I got a good idea
ready go at me yeah okay yeah good girl
it wrote over my back bro battery's dead
maybe I can maybe I can use this one
oh it's easy
Oh turn it up you guys are crazy
let's go to the store store so when I
said today is like a reset day that
means that we actually have to do
real-life things like Oh huh spit
grocery shopping look
Britany usually does the groceries I
tagged along sometimes but today I just
want to be with be with my my little
team here so I had to come I had to come
do it you want that one what about this
one ah make it happen make it their cars
you can Ram them
now that is listen listen that's a
coconut alright world this is gonna
sound ridiculous but I've never ever
bought baby bananas
you've seen these cane yeah you have you
see okay you want to get so that's
you've seen them and I haven't really
they're cool let's get them put him in
the car get back in your car
it's nice having our helper with us
I love how we have to get this car and
they ends up not getting in it maybe for
a minute or two so this is just a bag of
powder the cookies aren't actually in
there I know it's it's tricky it's sugar
let's watch watch watch ah see it's just
power he doesn't he doesn't get it he
thinks the cookies are in the bag if
you're not gonna ride in this than I am
here oh I used to be much smaller it's
funny ever since I was a little kid the
rule was it was just a natural rule we
carry it in and mom packed it all on the
shelves in the fridge and now it's funny
because if the exact method just
naturally happens here I carry it she
packed it I remember it my dad's as soon
as my son would get home
we'd all go out and help her carry
something but she carried stuff no she
would carry the first load and then put
everything while we cared yeah my
brother and I always had to carry
everything in and then my mom would take
care of it which is great it's probably
similar at your house I don't know but
it'd be your face on it got it
bite bite it oh you got it
are those your teeth yeah like a chain
saw ah you finally got it
like father like son hey have one I can
yeah
oh okay so you guys know I leaked the
photo yesterday of the prank the new
prank the fireball I never do that I
never leak anything about a prank I
usually keep it a solid secret just to
keep the anticipation so I but this this
photo I just couldn't help it sure was
just too amazing I had to ask for like
30 times I got it should I post it
should I wanted to post it so bad but I
just kept like coming up with excuses
why I should post it I think the reason
that I'm posting it is because it's not
even what the prank is about like once
you see it Thanks the car blowing up is
not even with the pranks amount like
it's amazing and I think it's it's night
it's gonna change everything but the
pranks unbelievable blowing up the car
you guys already knew I was going to
blow up the car I'm just showing you the
picture the prank is gonna is gonna
light everybody up it's gonna be awesome
I'm so excited
what's so this vlog goes up on Thursday
on a Thursday tomorrow so we only got a
few days
I gotta get editing I know take I said
ten cameras yesterday it's actually 11
with Dale's quadcopter even though it's
only like one little clip I'm still
counting it because I've never had an 11
camera shoot ever so are you gonna show
them to the picture yeah just think he's
been on Instagram
you see Kane's done pooping so this is
the photo from the prank coming up this
Sunday and yeah you guys know I usually
don't leak anything I'm really secretive
but this one I couldn't resist it's
beautiful people say it looks like a
swan I saw people saying there's a skull
right here there's a perfect skull in
that dark area look at it see if you
guys see it see the skull 10/10 time
alright guys I'm gonna end this vlog
actually and
start editing I got tons editing I'm
sorry I'm so busy me and everybody else
I know is so busy right now and it's
good it's a blessing to be busy and I
couldn't be more happy but it does make
the vlogs kind of hard sometimes as you
guys know makes things difficult but
between editing vlogs and finding time
to edit the big prank I need some time
so thank you guys for being so loyal and
just watching everyday and the like
button I don't even tell you guys to
like it I look and I'm like oh my god
like it's it's really shocking to us so
thank you for that we will see you
tomorrow I hope you're ready for this
prank I don't I know I like lately I've
been hyping things because I'm I'm
mentally excited about how much I've
pulled off so I'm sorry if I overhyped
this but I'm really excited about it and
I'm just honest on the vlog so I love
you guys we will see you tomorrow one
last thing before I go guys I've been
trying to upload my vlogs around 3:00
p.m. Eastern between 3:00 and 4:00 p.m.
Eastern everyday if you haven't noticed
that's kind of my schedule right now so
for those of you that are like when's
the vlog going up I have been aiming
between 3 and 4 sometimes it goes to 5
but it's definitely after 3 p.m. every
day that's that's been my target so I
just want to tell you that all right
guys I'm ranting I need to just shut up
and in this vlog and start working I
love you guys tell me today in the
comments tell me where you're from what
city was state what continent what
planet are you watching this on right
now I want to see who's local and who's
not I love you guys I hope you're ready
for the new prank I'm working so hard on
it and I want to make sure it's perfect
slap a giant smile on your face you're
absolutely beautiful we'll see them
smile more
