oh yeah don't really know how to start
this vlog and you know me yeah I can
help you hey guys it's sunny my blowing
up the weather worked we did that
sunshine we've been waiting for today
for about I don't know a few weeks we've
been planning but I'll fireworks and I'm
like shot I feel like death I feel like
I should be in bed right now I'm really
disappointed
Britany motivated me to get out of bed
and get up and let's go she's been
working on my boss some cake and
cupcakes whole night and this morning
she's been working sard so I feel awful
if we didn't Gus we're up and we're
gonna try to make it I'm gonna try to
turn the energy up but I feel awful
feeling I should be driving in the
doctor trip
like sweaty and cold veggies and cipro
feel better that's what I need like food
I might get sick I'm kidding
can you open it show them so bad just so
she was driving like a maniac by the way
and it made the kit we thought it was
gonna shift but you did such a good job
honey
proud of this girl she's turning into a
woman oh did you actually put 50 on
their ID no no I just started that's
what I would do
there's a giant cheese ball on there too
yeah Britt made the cheese but there's
no lack of food here dude man we're oh
my god Lena are you gonna put it is it
like it there's cupcakes under there -
that's for dude it explodes
don't be sweet with these please all the
kids to come in that's Dan that's like a
nice I don't want to hurt it I'll
probably hurt if I grab it I just want
to Pat last one touch one just one oh
look at this guy
Oh touched him well the real reason I'm
here well my mom and dad showed up
we they've never got to see Todd's 4.com
and Todd thinks I'm here to party I'm
actually here to fill buckets a plural
and take them home this is the dream
tank right here the dream
Todd tells me to bring some rope for a
swing I'm thinking you know swing for
the kids look at this thing look at that
it's not for watching feet all right
oh my god let's take you maybe there's
honey
maybe there's a snake under there I
understand what you're doing
house you seem to fit through the other
hey guys does it take that rope twist it
this is that Woodrow st. just wrote
there you go just like that that's it
don't you get some scissors that were
there behind you and all I could make it
on videotape - I'm not I'm not Todd know
nothing about rope
we have a professional that just came in
yeah I've been good old Tom is not a
professional he was gonna he's gonna do
regular not and did you notice how how
pong disappeared Todd left as soon as we
started this it's rocket science
dude you should do on the highest branch
possible that way you get more swing no
are you Bill's been drinking he pieces
just gonna scale it let me drive let me
drive the van and just climb on the back
of the van not even ten feet I can grab
it
let's go yeah keep it rolling keep it
rolling it's close your eyes okay Romans
through look at that Oh bring it down
you can pull it off looks like someone's
gonna get is actually it is done you
ready for this watch keep your eyes
peeled
hey all you kids get on all you want to
go right yeah it's gonna stretch a lot
I'm gonna get poisonous you have to be
the first one on it I don't know about
let's go we get one of the kids up there
no that's advice you can't you'll do a
little salsa we did good time you know
destiny I made it just for you
oh yeah I'll test it just a couple rope
guys we can treat
I guess gonna push me somewhere it's
like a surfboard this is gonna hurt
people everybody watch out watch out
it's like that pirate ship at the
festival you find a new little pet yeah
Brutus was safe Brutus I didn't I didn't
get in the vlog and I was eating a hot
dog no dangerous that dog jumped up took
it clean out of my hands split second
the whole thing here she is
what we've all been waiting for wait
around wait this is it this isn't it you
do this this actually all we got it
looked bigger yes it looked a lot bigger
and more confined area I want to start
that this very cake it was good for the
record we all remember what happened
last year something blew up and then
fired off in the side dude it was
warfare the whole place was just
fireworks last year fire started
shooting all right Tom everybody's
setting up firework Brittany and I have
decided if her cake is still in here
we're gonna give Todd a facial I hope it
is she put so much time into it
it hasn't been touched well what they
made us we're thinking Todd yeah what
are you doing
gonna put the cake in his face oh
nothing Todd's wife everybody Todd's
wife I missed you so much oh my god are
you sure this cakes so nice did you take
a picture of it first I haven't taken a
picture of it someone tried Oh someone
need a serious sneak attack I do not
want to mess this up I can't believe you
wasted four hours on a cake looks like
Britt just did a way best man that's
some good face paint
I don't even know what to do oh by the
way it was her idea
are you kidding me come out oh my god
it's so bright oh I am officially feel
like death guys I feel like a real
disappointment today but I love you so
much
I'll be mostly we're just gonna
it's just daun amazing it's so bright
well we made it alive nobody got injured
today on the fireworks like last year I
have in my eyes dang this place got
jacked up holy I'm ice freakin cold guys
I'm chills from head to toe sick I'm bum
we got it yo it's so bad wish I could
drive I feel terrible when you drinking
I did it I had two waters
I feel I feel like their worst letdown
no kids behind me oh alright guys I'm
sure you can tell by this vlog I've been
very off all day I've been trying my
absolute best to keep my energy level up
for you guys to keep it positive and fun
but I'm just being so real with you
right now I feel like that and just in
case hopefully this isn't the case but
just in case I'm Way too sick to vlog
tomorrow but you can't please ask me
questions either in the comments or on
Twitter for a cool Q&A I can just sit
read and do Q&A blowing snot out of my
nose fun tonight Livi I think this girl
took such good care of me guys
oh you're hot huh yeah when I trace on
you you're like hot I'm like faithful
it's lights out guys why don't you tell
me your worst six stories
give me something to read in case I'm
sick in bed I have a story when I was 16
I got mono you don't know what mono is
sucks and my neck swelled up wait who
are you kissing mana is supposed to be
because he misses it is just nobody baby
ever
just you um my neck swelled up so big
actually in my sick in my driver's
license my neck was also I wish I
started that picture but I don't think I
do
um take this cold yeah I got chills my
whole body oh my gosh
see ya guys tell me some six stories
that you got and just in case you a hit
us up we love ya bring the energy for
you tomorrow hopefully they love you I
was we'll see you tomorrow stop talking
small more my friends
