what's up guys good more having a great
day honey
what is what is Howie Mandel and I want
you
why is Howie Mandel here with a bunch of
cameras here shoot your show why are you
laughing
you don't remember what are you here
it's good shot that's a great shot just
get her she's fresh Mikey what are you
guys doing here reality show huh
I'm speechless right now you know how
would you even know she had clothes on
when I came in here come on get out of
here dude your fancy cameras my vlog
camera looks better than that thing come
on no one's here be a bunch of people oh
this could be the beginning of a
life-changing journey you ready oh man
look we're gonna have a household for
the next few days Cain said he's ready
he told me he's ready we'll see I'll see
if he's ready for this so you want me
vlog yeah cuz I haven't vlogged much I'm
gonna start when we all go in the house
but it'd be good to get some of this
stuff so are you rolling yeah so right
now we have two badass guys that make
explosives for a living and they're here
in our backyard doing a test bomb for
our new prank for about the film and a
day or two now they're all ran and yeah
I forgot that I'm Mike and everybody
hearing so they're about ready to do
this test blow I want you guys to see
this it's just the test this is like a
sample of what the prank is gonna be us
apparently much bigger than this so I'm
very very excited by that shot number
one
three it's like oh it's a dud and then
it was oh well it was it so exciting
moment in the Atwood house right now
this is uh house has been taken over
what's up dude we're having fun we're
all now shooting our second second shot
for the day first shot was a big shot
Boosh Cain
do you like that explosion out there you
know do another guy's the cat is out of
the bag
I've kept it a surprise for a long time
we have kept it a surprise we it is it's
exciting and it's it's gonna be a little
hectic for a while I will not stop the
vlog vlogs are gonna roll non-stop but
we are indeed working on a very big
crazy reality prank TV show this is
different than anything I've ever done
it's different than you know most things
on TV now so
we're just gonna have fun with it and
we're gonna bring you along every single
day for the journey
all right Britt's gonna run cane to
Grandma's while we shoot a couple little
things and then Noah's about to get out
of school so he's going to come join us
and we are on location right now baby I
love you this is Rick he is a pyro
technician what was your actual what's
your actual title well John I both were
stuntmen where I'm a stunt coordinator
and we're working on feature film and
television and but we're also a license
and pyrotechnics so what's some of the
big movie TV that you've done uh one of
the biggest ones a little show called
The Avengers you just did Avengers and
then Captain America too and so these
guys are old Dan's old Washington and
you know a lot of a lot of projects
little projects big projects you know so
basically when you need something blown
up or a car flipped these are the guys
you call right here these get these guys
of the man available for you right I'm
not this guy's a problem so how do
anything about the show we're working on
I am so excited I mean you know you know
that I have been such a huge fan of
yours for years and years and I don't
know your world as much as I'm in TV so
the fact that you are you're gonna blow
up TV and take it to the next level and
I don't know TV so this is a good
collaboration yes gotta work be a
combination of two yeah I'm fun up I
just realize I can stand up in this day
Steve awesome whoo how you liking this
Ohio Heat it's different it's so
different I told my daddy needs to bring
a sweatshirt yeah the himmat oh why
would you tell me to bring it Jack
because I've talked so badly about how I
was weather that he's he's got this
thing I said where it's always terrible
so I loved it but your computer's in
there
Oh ton is it no it's fine I can sit okay
oh yeah
should we just drive cuz it's loud on
the woman are we filming out lunch - I
took my mic off No
yeah it's just blog time now next vlog
these days huh like transformer nicely
so I'd still freak out if I had my eyes
done it's really a hundred times compute
I suck at Frankie
maybe I can have Holly help me you get
probably a couple pointers Robin is
trying to take a nap
wow we are on a right to the next
vacation so maybe you guys should just
sit and stare at avoiding sweets I'm
going to take this
I'm not going to lie everything's
happened so fast today that I can't
hardly keep up with it like we keep
balancing different spots and trying to
cover so many things today tomorrow's a
massive day and it's it's everything's
got to be done today to make tomorrow
work so we're just we're all over it
wait Wow
I know I've missed so much so sorry I
will try to do better from now for the
rest of the day because there's been a
lot of cool stuff that I haven't got the
film but so I was gonna hand it to
tomorrow is gonna be much funner to
watch oh we just got home and we
actually beat the crew just leave it so
we beat the crew here hey I'm sorry we
have to enjoy these quiet moments we're
not gonna have too many of those it is
Roman Oh will you pick that flower out -
turns out I'm not that suck you're just
as what is it but it's not bad run go go
go
1 2 3 188 keep it
pick pick mine up pick my palm up the
palm tree the palm tree I love this girl
watching my scatter
oh wait that one's knocked over Oh
awesome
sowwy bit we beat the crew home
everyone's about to be here um grab my
hair not even show you guys the new fish
came in they're using about five minutes
later junta look at these guns you guys
I said tough without your cameras and I
and I'm still just fascinated that Mark
Wahlberg's filming my the Wahlberg's
humbled it'll still pick up a camera
yeah I know and got everyone here Greg
John I haven't seen you for a while
didn't don't hurt Todd thanks for the
fish today I'm it showed the viewers yet
they're not floating
are they still have Dale we are learning
full full battle rattle ready to film
waiting on Jeff just actually coming I'm
walking on it huh
yeah we want to is he here
okay let's go
why are you doing this is pizza actually
five pieces of pizza nope yeah
don't panic yeah gotta guess who's gonna
eat it better to better back no regrets
my pets are you gonna start a national
craze everybody's gonna be made too much
ass I'll eat pizza are you tired of the
health craze go for beats of smooth he's
tired of the help greatest you know
three years of your life you doing the
mean nothing man
garnish that with that pizza slice our
yes eating your food oh just put it in
IB this is your future
I know what you're look at that I I'm
bro don't pizza milkshake dude that's
the best you know getting sick hold on I
want to taste it open up that way you go
first just to get the glory
okay Holly eat the pizza first up with
the palette oh god you know so chunky
well it has some other nonmetal quality
you'll have a lot more soon come on give
it
I see John's trying our first-ever put
it in the tank John it's a shake you're
chewing it come on a second of a
franchise hahahaha it's like marinara
sauce came out of a soft-serve machine
it's not really liquidy oh it looks
liquidy oh come on chew it
oh you don't even phased it I know dude
it wasn't hot enough okay you want to
put in the microwave for a minute
yummy yummy Martha I think I'm done it
was like fine you making me Stephanie it
was just like oh god I don't know I was
making me hungry hop on hop on the train
it's just a bedtime train yes good mom
your favorite say good night
caboose so we've had to work into the
night a little bit guys a lot of stuff a
shot video kind of hard to vlog today I
think I'll get better at it though just
because of knowing when I can pick my
camera when I can't would you think all
that Noah crazy what do you think all
them cameras in our house weird it's
different it's different than just this
camera big cameras and sound and yeah
you excited though about it just a cool
meeting Howie he's nice isn't he yeah we
are uh yeah we've worked in the bed time
and the house is clearing out um yeah
right dad very good dad it's good to be
working being productive a superhero
right here love you so much
sleep SuperDuper good I will see in the
morning for school love you I'll take
you
huh it was a fun day I love you baby
sleep super good well so what'd you
think of our first day in this new world
I know this long day unfortunately I
don't think it translates through the
vlog how much we did today like I said
kind of tough to know when I can pull my
camera out when I can't but was dirt
long it was long but very productive
yeah what we're doing is unbelievable
you guys will see it this week on the
main channel pulling something very big
for the main channel and yeah yeah is
crazy crazy good day man any day that
I'm productive and we're working it
those are my I love those days I love
being productive I love a nice lazy day
by the beach - don't get me wrong it's
still rain and it started raining again
so if you guys enjoyed this day so many
big things coming I hope you're excited
I know we're excited to give you guys a
whole new world is that a song talk to
you dear closure bass from Aladdin she
dared closer yeah when he's on the magic
carpet I don't know I'm gonna end this
vlog we love you guys thanks so much for
watching
don't forget to keep a big smile on your
face you're awesome your beautiful smile
my bright the two daily vloggers
reunited how'd you do how'd she do guys
better than me I just sweated and barked
all over the place oh my god she helped
