well you tried to see I hit a bird where
you see if it's in the grill hey guys
hope you're having an absolute perfect
day it's Mother's Day
I hope you've told your mom you love her
not just today but yesterday and
tomorrow
don't let today be an excuse to show
your mom how much you care about her I
mean she's the reason you exist while
you walk on this planet that being said
Brittany is with her mom hurricane she's
getting some Mother's Day time no one
went to his mother's my mom's out of
town so I am here preparing for look at
this house almost spotless preparing for
ten people to arrive here at 9:00 a.m.
tomorrow that's right ten this is
serious guys this is a big deal for us
so so it is Mother's Day so Cain and I
are gonna go out and pick up my mom and
we're gonna go I think to like I don't
know a flower shop I want to get some
like the potted plants for our front
porch for this week just to make it look
a little extra nice and you know homey
we wanted them like forever and haven't
got em so we're going to go in and stay
and just go out and have fun and see
what we can get into I guess so we just
picked Nana up daddy happy Mother's Day
mom
thank you baby thanks for spending the
day so Cain said that he wanted corn
dogs and maybe oranges which means few
months beat up together you get in
Superman out why are you killing zombies
yes there's so many little dirty
fingerprints on this screen as you guys
know we got the garage all cleaned out
and emptied we got the new refrigerator
to do it for production look at this
tried to get a little bit everything oh
gosh we try take it a little bit
everything I just found in this case
inside so I'm going to add it in here
somehow I want to tell you guys what's
going on I really do trust me but I feel
like in the vlog world in this daily
routine it's fun early things as a
surprise you know it it keeps everybody
more anticipated more excited I know it
does for me when I tell you guys I don't
know it just takes the excitement away
from me too so I like I like making it
fun and surprising hey we just got
trapped under a little rain cloud it's
really sunny in blue but it's literally
just like this one just one dark cloud
were under Oh
pain such your eyes you see what's in
town look every year fairs in town oh
I'm gonna go I have to stop by the fair
you want to ride some rides I want to do
this slide you want to slide yeah last
time we really to go out on the slide oh
you watch tell us how Robin say you
should have been wondering I'm a big fan
uh I love watch all your videos I love
all your vlogs
oh crap I wasn't recording yeah just
kidding okay best youtuber out there
your fans are loyal I'm a loyal fan i
watch every single one of your vlogs oh
my god bro oh my god hate me up on
twitter c1 squared man
there's so many superman's
i get the vloggers okay in it
Oh basic there we go ready haha you
ready Yancy oh do the second one three
two ready every stick a tongue out
Oh like you guys are in a picture
okay you're so silly
okay so I told him week ago the carnival
since it's in town I think today's its
last day it's perfect we're here you
ready yep oh I swear nothing takes
longer than power-washing
pretty much if you want it to look new
you have to do every inch every single
little inch of your porch I think this
looks a lot better like this instead the
other way around
oh it just feels better you guys
remember um I don't know probably a
month ago we went and got our new fish
from reef systems and they're finally
coming tomorrow I think I hope so our
fish are finally coming tomorrow
hopefully you know when we get when we
get our fish they have to be quarantined
and make sure there's nothing wrong with
them because you put one fish that's
sick in this tank and you risk losing
all of them so it's it's a it's a very
tedious process to get a good healthy
tank for a reef and we just take all
precautions so yeah time is almost time
to get new fish
Brittany's not home hot dog time do my
kidding I try to act like I don't want a
hot dog because they're bad for now how
eat these things all the time it's like
an excuse to Brittany's not up hot on
time or cereal time I always make time
for jump I got it I gotta start eating
better guys know what to say
I'll tell you what we're gonna do right
now we're gonna make a freaking
masterpiece that's right a masterpiece
whoo place these dogs open oh it's hot
that's hot ah ah
alright I'm doing a bad job mmm look at
them floppy wieners looks good
how many you guys want hot dogs right
now oh my gosh I don't even order to
start relish on there now you guys know
it relishes little pickles
that's right now this is this is
all-time low guys if you can drink your
sandwich just probably too much stuff on
it but look at that
oh my god oh that my friends is how you
survive on a sandwich when your wife
your mom your girlfriend is not home oh
ho
so that idea
ready
hey that's gonna sell right first time
for everything
let's just be on the other side right
now wait I should be on the other side
with me No
you gotta pick up the duck pick up a
talk pony anyone you want pick up one
gonna look underneath underneath what
you say and we got oh that's all we got
over here guys yeah look at you mister
gave me one of his necklaces thank you
so we finally made it to the flowers we
kind of got distracted with the mall and
the carnival hall so we're here looking
at flowers I'm going to take a flower to
my grandma tomorrow mall and I'm gonna
get some flowers for our front porch um
like for like up this I'll show you when
we get there we got our flowers in the
car mom barely barely mom's got to up
here we had a flower for Mama we're
gonna go take her flower right yeah you
like your flower grandma oh and love it
Freddie came picked it out seeing Louie
yeah did you miss Louie picture me my
flower got ready say cheese cheese
cheese again I didn't get ease all right
the two daily vloggers reunited how'd
you do how'd she do guys better than me
I just sweated and barked all over the
place
oh my gosh ha I've been so funny you got
some beautiful flowers bud Wow have you
look like the same house come on that's
Kings let me see this yours Keane no way
what an in flowers boy alright guys you
remember what this looked like at the
beginning of the week
now look very relaxing very peaceful
really really nice um why are you making
it well I hand washed it today did a lot
I got a lot done let's play a game of
Frogger yeah you ready whoa hey he's
gotta jump the knife and he's got a
drunk the stick you ready oh oh so we
are uh man what a day I don't know what
your day was why they're not even
listening do you guys have do you have a
good Mother's Day mommy
you ain't can get some time mm-hmm give
me that
have a bite mmm
all right listen so as a kid I think wow
those are good we are actually going to
cook the blog off as much as I'd like to
keep blogging tonight it's still nice
and early it's only yeah 9:30 but I got
I need a lot of time get this vlog done
tonight not tomorrow and be ready to
start tomorrow morning super fresh super
fun could be a new chapter to our life
tomorrow to be starting a whole new
world you ready uh-huh okay
we love you guys thanks for all of the
support and uh yeah the next few days
are going to be really freaking cool so
uh big things big things happening we'll
see them all
thanks for everything smaller alright
Dale's got his new toy out made him play
he's really good with these things which
is why I wasn't so nervous get you fun
