what's up guys no it just said food vlog
so I grabbed the camera we're doing
sausage gravy and biscuits which aren't
and while Keens doing a jellien biscuit
but I know that this is an American
thing because remember we had our
buddies in from the UK and they never
heard of this ever oh yeah James and
Holly
they were like what how was it very good
good job mommy for preparing it what do
you hide in your face this is your Joey
no honey this is a weapon I came in here
put some jelly on a biscuit and it's
just a serrated knife brotherly love no
time to be wasted today guys the garage
is painted it looks really nice now it's
just a matter of getting all this stuff
out of here for our big shoot this week
and how'd you beat me out here you won
the well on the other way it's freaking
beautiful out guys we're moving a bunch
of stuff from the garage down to the
basement unfortunately I hate to put
stuff in the basement because I feel
like it'll never come back out but these
are all boxes that have literally been
in the garage since we moved into this
house
they gotta go they got to get out I
don't know what else to do we got so
much random crap I mean this goes in the
softener
this is a box Dale gave us it's a full
kit to do a zipline this is from the
very famous stealing gas prank still
have it still leaks water
glad to see I got my helpers today today
we're on a work slash play day this is
this is half work half play the kids get
to have some fun well I just yeah it's
such a nice day it's like hey dude it's
like straight summer out it's beautiful
I spent a lot of time in the hose it's
awesome hot outside okay
Brittany's gonna go get everything to
fill our new refrigerator out there it's
finally ready boy it is clear a hole for
it um just get everything anything and
everything everything I want that fridge
to be like just open it and it's like I
don't even know what to drink cuz
there's so many options that's it buddy
yep it's done in no time
good job man the garage is empty guys
look our work is paying off this kid
loves the work right here man everything
I do he wants to do and he does it for a
long time
he doesn't just like give up real quick
hey guys hope your day is wonderful I am
out on a mission to fill the fridge in
the garage yeah so you guys can come
with me
and it's been a while since I've logged
so let's see how I do I'm kind of that
was fast
carts pretty much full what's your
guys's favorite drinks like
pop soda we call it pop the peak most
people call it soda
reminds energy drinks and waters all I
do sadly this is the worst I it's just
full of candy I'm just telling candy
it's like my weakness my cards good Navi
at least I got the big heart they're
like double sides so I think I'm done
was fast so let's go home and see what
Roman Christ I didn't get her Britney's
back she's filling the fridge geez
Louise this thing is ready for this week
yeah we got a big week coming so we're
filling it with everything that anybody
will like you so slow boy you so slow a
boy yeah so we're taking a break I just
got out of the shower actually we're
gonna run over to my mom and dad's have
a barbecue and actually celebrate Dale's
birthday with my mom and dad like they
weren't available on Thursday when we
blew everything up all right taking a
little breather today a little place at
half work have played a I got crazy kids
back here man look at them try to find
the crazy one we're gonna go hang out
barbecue swim hang out with the fam and
yeah that's what's going on right now
and this has a buffalo all I need to
know is where's the plates daddy's
hungry oh my gosh I'm excited man happy
second birthday birthday party number
two swimmy Tom Kane are you getting in
just just go was it cold a little bit
yeah came good job flying salmon
slippery
we're never satisfied with just a diving
board you gotta put things on top of it
takes it away
all right nails got his new toy out he's
really good with these things which is
why I wasn't so nervous get you fun
I can feel the wind
so if you hit it into a certain mode it
will just stop right where it's at right
you just let go in the controller it
auto pilots wherever it's at yeah that's
technology so you never really can crash
it if you guys been watching the vlogs
for a few weeks you know that my parents
have been freeze-drying food you can
turn food into freeze-dried I know it's
kind of hard to explain but this is pork
chops
it's literally hard as a rock but you
eat it and it lasts forever it's like
styrofoam freeze-dried cheese
basically sucks all the moisture out
turns into like space food it's awesome
but this is the Machine I wish I could
see in there can't see nothing all right
we just worked all looks like we had
some visitors while we were gone
something duh why would they put the
trash on the deck anyway that's just
asking for it like where we live you
don't leave trash outside or it will get
gobbled up gobble gobble gobble gobble
snack times a little little loopy in
this house
and you guys are doing you guys are done
clean that trash up everything is marble
on this house what would we what would
the world do without this light without
marble come on go that way go that way
be gone little frog all right guys we've
really turned this place around
preparing for Monday I can't wait funny
thing is the kids are going to bed right
now and I have so much to do there's so
many things out of the clean
look junebug palace all be gone in the
morning the birds will just eat them off
we got our fridge all packed well
actually there's still tons of space we
finally done for the day
oh my god I'm so done I'm beat
I just power wash the driveway no I
started I started to power wash tonight
because I have so much to do for
tomorrow we have one day left it's mom's
Mother's Day I didn't really want to
spend the whole day like working on the
house me wanted it to be Ironman day I
guess it could be Ironman day the next
day I get up we're gonna call it a day
guys one more day until the big not much
I haven't told them that 10 people are
flying in Monday it's 10 10 and I loved
a tiny tiny
yeah thank you because I was freaking
it's so hard to vlog and entertain and
work at a house it just doesn't work it
doesn't work very well
all right we're gonna you just not like
I know I'm always the awkward one we are
gonna I'm gonna end it now cuz I still
gonna edit it and get some sleep tonight
it's so late already
we should just hook these up and play
some GTA they've set like that all day
ya know maybe one day we love you guys
thanks follow-up support the likes and
we will see you tomorrow but I'm really
excited for Monday it's a boy boy we'll
see you tomorrow
thanks for watching mom what are you
doing you got two different flip-flops
on - were you a part of that stupid you
