hello hello Oh scoot in you want me to
go first oh how are you oh great great
great great we are headed to you got the
address yes I do
yeah you guys remember this place this
is the YouTube space pretty cool spot
Nikki wrote is that your real name Nikki
rose we are at the YouTube space guys
we're working on something I don't even
know what the YouTube you we put small
more glasses on there I need a hijack
this their setup you go ahead
this is gonna be my spot for a little
while this is the UH I don't even know
what this is called man I don't know how
they talked me into this
she's doing I've never had yeah yeah
yeah you just show me for seven doing it
no she's in relative that's a big play
button right there
come on one of these
remove the chandelier what do you got
red-rope licorice hey hey hey who's your
camera back so it's pretty fun we had a
lot of fun I think the video will come
out in a couple weeks
YouTube actually will put it up and I've
got makeup on for the whole blog so yes
I can't believe I flew all the way out
here for that it's so quick it took what
30 minutes if that it's also good to see
you didn't you always good to see you
Christians always helping us with
everything and we're gonna go grab some
food real quick
what would a blog be without food I know
you guys love watching a scene should I
run in and up my makeup get my makeup
touched up yeah how do I look guys
honestly like I actually have like I
actually have but I'll make that before
like when I have a big temple I never
tell you guys that would I have what I
skip the food for you guys today and
every eight we ate we ate really healthy
really good food see what you did Britt
you brought the rain to California it's
sprinkling a little bit I can vouch it
was not raining all week we happen
that's why I have one of the greatest
things of LA right here baby I can jog
fish
whoa said she with your blonde hair Wow
that's kind of like you fell in mustard
look oh he got hit he's that but just
hit my Range Rover he's smiling us he's
like are you serious
he's got totally got his toe you can see
the toes
oh so Damon it looks like he hit the
tone so I stuck in it
yeah I think you might haven't stuck
I'm sorry how do you not hit people in
LA at teeth now he's throwing the truck
dude he's taking the whole thing with
him so we just ran back to the hotel get
ready real fast and we're going to go to
our buddy Theo Vaughn is having a comedy
show tonight with Bill burr and hello
whoa let's go look at mommy
Wow we are hey just be serious for one
minute
- you always look okay hmm alex has
already been driving for 45 minutes dude
you're gonna kill me why Brittany we ate
at BJ's and now she's sick so we can't
go sucks dude have you been driving
already all right cool I'll see you
there I'm just kidding I'm just kidding
I'll see you there yeah dude yeah yeah
you do now I gotta call Kevin and tell
him that we can't make it
I get are you there yeah you know I'm
walking we're pretty good at the Nokia
Peter dude I know I told you today but I
got me and Christian got sidetracked at
YouTube I had interviews all day and
then I forgot to tell you we couldn't go
now all right so we're walking up on
Club Nokia yo did you think I was really
canceling on you yeah good to see it by
the way finally to see if we already
hugged we're going to do it for the vlog
make them think I just met we never you
know we used to doing things twice yes
so tonight we'll say bye and then we'll
get on the blog and say back to play
again yeah yeah this is like a reality
show it's like bye wait let me get
another blow
it's funny cuz it's true did we go here
we are saying hi for the first time yes
dude that was so lame that was so lame I
got Alex though he got all night he got
off the freeway to see a baby see that's
what happens that's what happens when
you trust this man trust me you can't do
that I just want to thank Theo right now
for putting us on the list that doesn't
exist she can't find us on the list
maybe she's missing a page
let me just check again oh do Vaughn
he said he's gonna he said he's going to
call up oh it's right there and read oh
yeah on the side there's our names
place is awesome
but
tastic show the Oman killed it you
absolutely killed
hi Phil Collins if you feel it in the
air tonight yeah what do you think yeah
leo is awesome see of you watch this
vlog you filled it everybody have fun
yeah I got a pee really bad it's a
restroom down here I don't know where do
you want to go I want to take you to a
GQ magazine ranked one of the 50 coolest
bars in the world 50 coolest one of the
$50 bozo he pitches it 51 of the coolest
bars in the world all right so anyone
who knows anything about it in case I
can't film there cuz I couldn't film a
comedy show the oldest restaurant in Los
Angeles they invented the French Dip
sandwich there in the 1920s they had a
real speakeasy in the back of the
restaurant
so when booze was illegal Alex yeah
gallon oh here we go here we go yeah I
got you I'm gonna see you I'm sorry
skywalk may I sit just leave
why'd you gotta be part of this hot spot
make sure you put his heart not like
that bro let's all cool down all the way
hard
alright hard
there you go show you roaming roaming
how do you know oh you know no this guy
is
oh yeah you know you know the moments on
our middle and the right while you lose
when our babies masseur you
oh yes the famous dismount that thing's
amazing why don't you get old you I will
I did it with heels when it yeah I know
your six-inch stilettos I was amazing is
this her this our car what's up man how
you doing yeah am I invited
yeah dude I got this for you so we are
in the middle of Los Angeles it's 11:50
p.m. this may be the last time you see
me and no we're having fun and that was
a great comedy show I got to ride this
little poor man's Segway is that what
you called it yeah I called that he did
you didn't somebody else did I think in
the back seat uh we had an absolute riot
and now we're headed to a deli that
apparently has a underground barn
oh that we're going to speakeasy gonna
be easy
I'm just excited for the food any food
you got it cool okay I'm just hungry
okay I just have to pee
are you tripping you left your car there
yeah that's why I said oh you guys take
me away I got you I got you I'll get you
home maybe I'm not you get me home we
actually gave everything okay wait wait
yet Christians
Kristen's right he just said when we
were filming our movie natural born
pranksters we came here in eight and
that's true Kevin claims are some gonna
hit in place yeah in the 1920s there was
a real speakeasy back here hang on why
did they have to hide it ah because the
Congress passed a law laws outlawing
alcohol so everyone is your giggle juice
you had to do it on the sly so they had
to hide a bar basically and it's still
here yeah it's
they will they remodeled it but it's
basically it looks exactly like it did
in the 1920s for our movie we set right
here and we filled all of this in our
movie you can actually see on the old
vlogs but Kevin claims yeah that there's
another place to get another place so
apparently this is what a speakeasy go
speakeasy she's ever talked they're
hidden all over Lawson
I like getting bored
here we go here we go uggg Anna holding
water that is not water it was stopped
five rocks good traffic ginger stuck on
it Oh tickle wait I just drink listen
you're not like gingers good for you
let's go I eat the whole thing
and what is this though it is a nd
ginger she's like sour
so a lot of people don't know this but I
have this isn't a joke I have right here
right here
snacks what a lot of people don't know
this but I have to have a fan to sleep
period the end I have to it's not even a
joke I'm gonna carry this into my hotel
room bigger where's she going
Brett gonna sleep good tonight
is it hot I just need the noise baby
thanks for stopping dude I'm sleep so
good tonight you just do you have no
idea how bad I slept last night no you
woke me up every five minutes since how
many air conditioner let's make you feel
good dude if I don't have a feeling
you'll sleep Jeff all night oh that's
how you know good night right there you
got ticker kills I'm not saving my heels
off to ya guys no brick cut her thumb
cooking the other night and it's still
like nasty I think she should sleep us
on the happiest happiest happiest right
now oh my sleeps so freakin good I
didn't really say in the blog but last
night was the worst night sleep I've
ever had ever
I was up every five minutes all night
alright guys we're going to get some
sleep it's super super duper late it's
2:30 in the morning that is disgusting
and we're going to call it tomorrow I'm
waking up shooting a new public prank
something I've been working on for a
while I'm super simple you'll never
guess what it is you can go ahead and
try it's totally I've never seen it done
ever of course that's how I used to try
to make my videos other than that that's
what we got for you today we love you we
will see you tomorrow and that's it any
last words cheeto mouth we love you guys
we will see you tomorrow
don't forget your awesome I just thought
so swimming so much we'll see you
tomorrow guys we love your smile more
our uber guy look like Kevin everybody
Hannah where you guys headed to you guys
stay in Hollywood or uh yeah you don't
think you know you look Scout is like a
buddy of ours his name's Kevin
