all right let's get this truck running
charge battery for you this is one truck
dad can work on okay be back by dark
love you what's up guys I hope your day
is freaking awesome I hope you have
something to look forward to this
weekend I have noticed in my life that
having something to look forward to
helps you get through some of the crappy
times so always try to have something
that's like I can't wait to do this it
kind of helps you forget about the crap
you're going on that's going on right
now in your life do you get these where
you live
I think they're called dandelions the
problem is they grow faster the Comeau
your lawn I swear this was just mowed
three days ago one day they're all the
way up and bloomed I don't get it it's
magic all right guys as you can see I've
been pretty busy out here compared to
yesterday you got George cranking out
the paint I think you're my official
paint guy now man this is gonna look
nice I love it it's gonna it's gonna
bring life today is my brother's
birthday his actual birthday and I'm so
excited for him it's a big year for him
and he's one of the hardest-working
human beings on this planet and I want
to make sure his birthday is awesome
today so
I got some plans hop out of there first
we found some light you guys know we've
been looking for outdoor furniture yeah
they're awesome
we found some outdoor furniture we liked
but they were out they're gonna sell us
the floor model luckily you like that
you like it a lot
it's pushing my back out we're in this
crazy massage chair you want to sit
against it and feel it
are you nervous it's not gonna take off
like an airplane so we got some cool
furniture but we can't get it till
tomorrow they're having like a big party
here tonight and it's the floor model so
they want to keep it for the party we're
gonna pick it up tomorrow we'll still
get it in time before Monday you ready
let's go eat pizza
we never have you ever had yeah we
definitely have never had it before so
is it your circle that your oh you're
just making your own things are you beat
and now you can draw a line through it
draw a line through that means you win
it's not gonna be so easy this time okay
you go first this is what it looks like
for me and Kanner's hot wings hot I
didn't get mild this time I got hot no
hot lava
well don't step in it burn your toes off
he be in Cheers
being best friends
gonna run in here real quick what did
you say you got a pool really bad man is
terrible timing terrible time can you
make it no no oh no don't poop in the
car we're just gonna running right there
to the firework place get some fireworks
for my brother's birthday and go home
and I want to show you guys something
super cool those look cool I think those
got parachutes or something you got it
yep we're back let's do some shopping
how about some sparklers for you guys
you guys want to hold the sparklers yeah
let's get some of those look at these
this just looked fun you have never seen
an assortment fireworks like this holy
grounds for divorce oh my god this is
one box oh my god that's one box one box
fire it's so big look that's me and you
having fun and that's mommy and now
mommy you'd have fun with us Jane I
think we're gonna function I did play
this these guys are just hooking us up
left and right I love it
this is why I always come back here I
think my brother's gonna be happy
dude we got so many fireworks dude this
isn't even half we still got a hold
another card in there
hey straight up you guys know I don't do
a lot of advertising on this channel but
these guys hooked me up every single
time so I want to give a big thanks my
brother's gonna have a freaking blast
tonight we got we went in there for like
a couple things we left with two
shopping carts completely full all right
we're getting somewhere now that looks
real nice that's way better
honey all right guys I've been so
excited for my brother's birthday I got
him the coolest gift I could possibly
get him I haven't even opened it I got
it like two weeks ago in the mail and
I've been dying to give him this present
now I'll tell you about it once you see
it it's unbelievable so sit down do you
have enough Barbie I would do Barbie
yeah you ever know let's see it yeah we
just wrap maybe we just wrap that and
give him that that's just the all right
guys check this out so excited give this
to my brother this is such a huge gift
and you're probably gonna ask me why I'd
buy something that's nice here it is
check this out the Phantom - this is
like the most be a phantom I love it the
reason I got this for Dale is because
Dale's the one that actually inspired
the woody beat and I'll tell you a
little story about the toilet paper
prank I pulled on Howie Mandel that
prank was created by Dale calling me one
day and he said hey why don't you make
smile more toilet paper for your viewers
like toilet paper and I was like that's
kind of cool
but we looked it up and it was like
super expensive when I was like I can't
charge you guys ten dollars over and
then he was like well imagine the
commercial when we get shoot a
commercial toilet paper in your house
and I was like no I don't
I don't want to do my house but we could
toilet paper somebody else's house and
it was like five days later we were like
let's toilet paper Holly's house and
this is the actual camera that we filmed
that prank with I know it's a long story
but basically he inspired that whole
prank we filmed the prank with one of
these and he loves quad cams so I had to
get this gift but that is so awesome
he's gonna he's gonna love it I hope
he's not gonna expect it yeah they open
shoot some some stuff for me so now he's
got work to do my brother just got here
in the middle of us wrapping this look
at all the stuff it comes with those
with a brand new GoPro I can t speak no
he's not
I'm a Barbie girl in this Barbie world
wrapped in plastic
do you hear that's meowing I hope you
wanted a new cat dude I know you've been
wanting a new cat ever since our other
one guys oh you had to bring that up why
don't you trust me it's not it's not
matter trust have I really become that
guy put the face stickers in here I knew
it
did you put him up to this okay oh crap
that stuff looks real good
I've got enough land all that oh crap I
just got real high
so I'm guessing now there's there's the
funny truth I didn't know it wasn't in
there at all it must be in the case I
got you a hardshell case that's why the
case is so heavy
you have to open the case
well dusty during flight dang one of the
reasons is because the toilet paper from
this is what they use the film the exact
one and I told everybody that you're
pretty much reason we came up with that
prank it looked good so she is thank you
I'll have to believe you guys lit it
without me this is a crazy smoke ball so
cool of him let's go see it it's like
opening a bag of flaming hot cheetos
everybody look at me now run towards the
camera fast when does it stop does it
stop I'm certain think we got a problem
here it's still going the hole
it's a good night good night I think
we'd be getting you service tonight
Brett I wouldn't get your head too close
to the fire Sierra just died it no you
look like Swamp Thing
it's firework time I'm killing all the
lights because these junebugs
they're just coming right to these
windows
enjoy the show it's like covering the
house all right
the supercell I have no idea what to
expect
how's it cool it's a mess
they start lightening further away
they're so big
this one looks straight-up scary uh what
is this one called I don't know here we
go oh boy don't try this at home
alright guys the aftermath of the
aftermath we're shutting down for the
night kids are packing up June bugs are
out due by morning they're all gone i
sleepy bug with me and our viewers got
you some that's from me and the viewers
all your help and we we got Mike some
some chocolates
