whatup friends we are in the heart of it
downtown Lancaster Ohio this is where
the courthouse is apparently today is
just a pre-trial it's not the actual I
don't know what you call it it's not
that big of a deal today basically both
parties are gonna both parties attorneys
are going to give their situations and
where we stand at this point and then
they will they will plan an actual court
day trial now today is pretty much
nothing for me it's gonna be sitting and
watching my attorney go full battle
rattle good thing we brought our biggest
vehicle into this tiny area there's
nowhere to park right we made it we're
gonna do this little thing here and
we're gonna go out for the day we're
gonna we're gonna we're gonna own this
place can't be more attractive it's like
a brick cell
top floor baby just for you just for me
oh I'll get one floor
whoa truck still here oh no it's fake
its fake its fake
all right well fan letter fan mail in
the truck that's nice guys thank you we
had an awesome freaking time
all good things and I want to say much
in the vlog but happy and I can't wait
till this is all done Boyer's happy so
as we start having more guests over to
the house we and the Sun starts coming
out getting warmer we thought we should
get some outdoor furniture Britney's and
a half birdcage right now it's pretty
cool I was thinking like couches but I
think it's got a cup holder so it's hard
to pass up look at this one pretty tutti
fruitti cage this just makes me want a
big thing eliminated you know like just
ready and served you definitely
entertain guests with this stuff look at
these fun Easter Easter edition that's
why it's clearance that's cool
it's the worst tickle bug ever look at
that that is awesome that is awesome
ow awesome all right so we can't have
palm trees in Ohio but we can go fake
palms you look so funny carrying that
it's really cool I love it
wait it's long no it's not yo I fell in
love with these in this store they're
fake they look completely real even the
rocks are glued okay there are so many
fans in this store like every look at
this look at all this crazy guess what
Clifford's thirsty
you really gonna you miss it's hard all
day all day dragging around a wet
blanket
you have to feel Clifford up this dog
drinks a lot hmm is that it you can only
drink 53 dollars worth such a
lightweight we need a bigger truck honey
this Clifford's big day full of gas nice
little car wash
get them fireworks out of the bed it
does look really just sensors we're good
I want a bride in the bed of the truck
Wow that would be so fun while there
during the car wash that's a good
challenge that's a good challenge video
right at the bed of the truck while this
is going on
there's no hands beat me to death
nothing rolls all hey spider-man you
miss mommy
we missed you muscles oh you gonna help
me wash look look what daddy got I got a
big power washer for all this junk on
the porch my brother let me borrow his
power washer so we can finally clean
this house up pizza for dinner
well I don't know where you're getting
all these shirts like somebody's robbing
my small or store every now a look good
you're promoting it's fun I bet all the
malls doubt the mall mall club's gonna
use some pizza
then we're gonna power wash the deck
yeah look like a ninja or something yeah
you kinda do paper towel ninja pizza for
dinner guys what can I say it's the
American Way
is the American dream this is how we eat
now actually we haven't recovered from
our last guess and the fridge is still
empty so we ordered food not a big deal
what a lot have G weeks you gonna help
me power wash the deck oh you bring in
now boy Missy blue blue Floyd Mayweather
what are you doing to my boy what are
you doing to my little man
oh you ballin
you ready spray it down look so funny
game hey you gotta last me that is like
the greatest squirt gun ever super oh
yeah that's good that's real good
is that what it's supposed to look like
is that normal
oh my god
day
okay hey okay
I gotta show you guys something every
single night for the past week or week
these big giant beetles junebugs come up
to the house tons of them sounds like
it's raining outside look at this look
at all these this is just in the last
down 30 minutes but by morning all the
birds will come up here and feast on
them and there'll be nothing left on the
porch I mean they clean every single one
they're all over the place I'm freakin
hey can a couple bags of shaving cream
well there goes my night I didn't get it
half way done but it looks way better
it's gonna look really nice one day 20
years from now we're gonna watch these
vlogs and we're gonna say oh that's back
when King so - taking the shirt off
every day soon as he wakes up yes if he
can take his shirt off at least ask so
me take my shirt off yeah I guess you
can Lacey's a boy in our girl oh is it
because you wanna be a superhero
muscle man I could say anything and you
would laugh how about chicken turkey but
how about poodle pants broken baby buggy
bumpers belly button oh I'm tickling the
whole time that's how I get em black all
right guys that's gonna do it for today
thank you for all the love and support
on these vlogs and coming along with us
on just our days our life this is what
we do and and who we are god there's so
many bugs trying to get in right now
it's insane
you have so many cool things coming up
so many things I want to tell you about
but in this business a lot of things
fall through so I don't want to say it
and then it not happened and I just
rather make it a real surprise when it
actually happens so until then thanks
for all the love I can't say it enough I
keep saying it and I'll never quit
saying it you guys are awesome put a big
smile on your face you're beautiful
we'll see you tomorrow smile more
mmm do you think you can do tomorrow
yeah yeah oh my god is so gross
