oh my gosh I gotta see this
Oh Cara are you swimming really doing it
baby you really know it's time next year
should be running in here welcome
welcome to the vlog guys well first of
all you cannot surf in the Bahamas there
isn't a sir if the water is super flat
super clear super beautiful but Dale has
another plan time we got the hook when
you got a rope and in one of these you
are set for a fun day so you know we've
done this once at least one time we got
up the game they've seen this already
it's boring I mean there can be new
players in the game but we're gonna up
the game what like what are we gonna do
a tandem to be you and me stand up on
one board I love it cane where's your
body mommy where's his body where's Cora
would you do a kid's body are you a
mailing it out of energy so they just
pulled up they literally brought these
skis for us he's for the skis man this
is awesome these are the best they just
hooked us up brother brought this giant
banana for the kids we're gonna take him
out you um do that probably wants to
surf number thirteen but that's the one
I use the other day the fastest is it
and they even got fishing for fishing
pole
overall I was gonna say did you bring
your fish bowls they're already on there
you ready already get enough water so
right Colin are a life jacket and a life
jacket um I mean I know what you think I
feel like a more aerodynamic with that i
100% cracked my rib in Hawaii I broke my
finger
same thing and I broke my finger on the
rope doing this surfing stuff so let's
hopefully well if you land on me I
should have a jacket on pushing her out
the seeds go Tom oh man this is gonna be
awesome
here it's a little deeper it's very
shallow here's we're gonna head up jump
on his skis jump on the board and see if
we can
serve even triple or quadruple sir how
many people can we serve it's ready big
throttle board I'd be like two three
easy
prison balls you bring yours oh now
you're talking paper rock scissors to
see who goes first
I love this spot man nice yo put
your GoPro in the water
come on check out mine Romans Paul
noodle calm baby yo we can make it we
can make you one slide right over that
yeah and we just cut it Brian the brains
let's check my GoPro oh there you go
you'll never lose it and it's cameras
tied down so you can film the fish and
you can just relax
boom done this before - so big like I'm
riding a boat I can start standing up
look
hey the signals very easy on this giant
board Dale's gonna help on we're gonna
attempt a tandem surf two of us no
pushing I already know what you're gonna
do nice and easy Brian we want the
heaviest weight in the pound AHA I don't
know you're gonna stay on the board
without holding a rope that's your
balance you want made it we both gonna
have to hold the runs just along for the
ride we got this this would be the first
time I've ever done this up let's go
that is so much yeah believe it's
that easy I bet we could get three or
four people on there I really do
Gilly
this is amazing this is so much fun
we're gonna switch out fries get a jump
off fishing pole everything we go let's
do it let's go
Brian wants to go fast hang on a little
buddy
well that was absolutely amazing better
than I ever expected they're good call
on the tandem I would have never tried
it but it was we could easily did it
easily did a triple aah next time got a
save it gotta save something for later
we're gonna head back check on fancy
what's going on it we're gonna get these
kids on the big banana
I don't know that it gets any better
than this
crystal-clear look at that you know man
my friend thank you it was awesome
how you doing rock and roll you want to
get on the big hot dog and go for a ride
let's do it let's go take you to the
boat don't-don't-don't it's banana time
there it is out there all right I'll get
in with you if you let me I totally will
you in there you in there nice little
tight it's right back on the boat we're
gonna head out get on the banana give
these kids some fun we got all the kids
Dale Dan everyone's piling in we've
never been on a boat is your first time
yeah well that's awesome have you've
been on a banana boat yeah this is gonna
be sweet this is gonna be sweet it's a
trampoline let's go ready can I'll go
with you come on where do you want to
sit where you want to sit cane how about
right there behind Carson all right you
wanna sit the other way I must sit with
them everybody excited comrades in the
middle let's go guys miss number nine
now we are number now now I like to eat
eat eat apples and bananas
everybody
who's gonna be the first one to jump off
see anything up on the water
just like a calming of the storm right
here holy smokes ain't like shivering
and so y'all you just get sprayed oh
okay we are warping past the crazy
wetness I'm nice and dry cleaned up
walking with my lady friend here I just
met on the beach how are you how are you
over nine years that's amazing I don't I
don't know we are walking to get Korra
her mom has had chorus we're gonna go
get her check on everybody kids are
already up here it's been a great
action-packed day my back my back is
killing me I don't know if it came out
on camera but maybe the second time Dale
and I fell I don't know how I landed
like this but my back just locked up so
I don't feel too good
oh we're turning here sorry suckers were
you sleeping on us did you miss us we
missed you girl she's like I wasn't
sleeping I wasn't sleeping I was just
pretending my little friend says super
happy to be super corny she was so sweet
ah stop get that camera get that right
get the camera ready
sit she's so concentrated on this is
like our thing now like she literally
drops down the junk well she's not gonna
do it now cuz the cameras on camera's
not here so she's three cameras down
here Cora three two one there's a party
going on inside my dad's house Britney
finishing her paint look at this scene
over here it's the ice cream game y'all
eating ice cream I can tell you've
already had your ice cream good job mom
try to sit still pretty good your dad
would eat one cup of ice cream in front
of cancer well you know do it what you
got pop okay so this is you in high
school playing your trumpet no wait
that's not high school then I didn't
play trumpet in high school okay it is
hard to see but this little boy right
there is me that is not high school dad
well it's not high school by the way you
did a trumpet solo yeah
and the show that year most phenomenal
stumbled away mom whatever you know
about trumpet I was I'm so low we're
gonna get a trumpet and we're gonna
Trump it off thanks buddy
since we're doing throwbacks here's a
very cute photo of my brother does it
approve like it I can shut it some hand
come up here dude that is little Dale
bro that is your son I would have been
11 years old in that photo
really you guys enjoy some of the things
we do this is something my dad would
come up with this is my dad covering
Dale in soap and y'all wonder where I
get it from right there even the tan
lines
so it's a little loud in here I'm sorry
it's a straight family night after the
punt break you're doing great
a six out of six obviously well when you
do you know what you know what you take
him home and you do face paint and give
him a six only talking about that why
not the whole thing
Colossus so they started together my dad
can I show them the one you finished
what you're not done yet
so they're mimicking she's mimicking so
let me see right this is my pops newest
and latest Bahama Edition what's it
called it's called the six great okay
all right fair enough
and Brits are working on their version
of it I think you've done a great job so
we're gonna go ahead and end the vlog
right there guys thank you so much for
hanging out with us on this Bahama trip
with my family and I we are having a
great time we're so happy to have you
here with us you are beautiful you are
Melda
you
