hey what's up guys we start the day with
a mean breakfast tons of eggs and bacon
and leave my paper plates out of this oh
yeah you know you want some of that mmm
is it to eastery I don't know what it is
I can't while she's getting up on her
step stool oh you are really tan yeah I
don't know like I don't have an opinion
on it right did you take a shower der
ball did I get mono take a shower I'm
kidding
I just like um I don't wash it off took
me all day yes I forgot why everyone's
laughing at me and see that's the thing
now once you get your toys out of the
bathtub - she said she took a shower but
she really is playing in the bathtub
yeah
so today's kind of a big day we're gonna
take the kids to go get a big special
surprise it's for me it's mine it's
gonna be mine yeah I can't wait here I
can't wait okay so ever since we had
donkey races at my house my cousin
brought over this thing that we've all
fallen in love with it's been about a
month
no more we're gonna go get one who's
ready who's ready this is it guys this
is what we've been one right here a snow
blower look at this
tires I'm kidding come stand by this
it's the size of a car that is monster
holy cow
I'd love to see you driving that down
the road you got a dude this is right
turn right yeah your street vibe now she
needs more practice
are you ready to rock there's gonna be
no stopping this kid you got you're
gonna learn how to do the first 5
backflips yeah ya know what if we build
you a big ramp what about a big foam pit
no what if I have some guys come build
us a foam pit you're gonna ramp in it
yeah guys trust me over here just myself
guys awesome all right man thanks guys
gotta have these out my boys all ready
to have some fun with me is that your
fun phase Wow look at this
I even put the training wheels on for us
only Kane needs the train was at school
whatever you know how did it work those
really actually thought I did my I
didn't
so these are the kind of things my
family gets for the sacrifices we do
have to make with my crazy business
sometimes I got to be gone and you know
the kids got to stay with Grandma or
someone else they get rewarded with cool
stuff through our work through our
efforts this is my no no what you're my
mom I know I'm just trying to look like
a cool dad it is not looking like a good
day you know what you know what Kane are
you excited
ah you're so excited your eyes are going
across it don't be super sweet if it
does end up storming that dirtbike just
go right out in the mud
we're either gonna go mud running or
we're not gonna ride it at all cuz it is
starting to pour it's all good though
you know why you know why cuz I got
Chinese I don't care about your dirt
bikes
love it my nose is running so bad I'll
tell you guys a trick if you like orange
chicken actually anything Chinese I
always get extra crispy extra spicy it's
hot mmm no hole in your jeans rain are
you ready oh yeah say rain or shine
we're getting this baby out today we're
gonna start her up
what is this little hey Nene Nene you
got it do these training wheels are so
cool what will they think of next
wings wow you want to put wings on it
Isis the kill see the X through the yeah
it looks like a little restart button
that's a car when the keys are down here
all right
and then you just kick away feel clicker
so to put it in gear you go up one
there's no clutch front brake back
brakes on that side this might use the
back great great yeah
let go let go I'm like your baby
oh shit out of here can Church look look
look look
you can always flip this up and it stops
okay
oh no oh my god you guys got to teach
her how to drive this thing is amazing I
know it doesn't mom like why is she
sitting there shaking list I don't have
you ever told how much you like mouth
she'll literally just eat mustard oh
yeah but you're lucky I didn't get in
there I'll do that to catch up really
yeah
right now probably like if I had ketchup
you do it yeah oh good job
are we really all right as far as the
bike it we're gonna get more used we're
gonna get more dirt bike video but it's
just nasty outside and we're a bunch of
babies right now we're gonna head over
to my brother's mommy and her country
music oh my god
Oh
all right guys now for the not-so-fun
part of the vlog we went over my
brothers and we hung out with fam we had
a great time but there's some things
that we need to talk about you're gonna
notice listen to me very closely
listening you're going to notice some
changes with the vlogs right now you
probably already have noticed can't
really talk much about what they are but
I'm pretty sure you're going to figure
it out on your own and I just need you
to know that this is the best for me and
my family right now that has to be done
has to be this way right now and I'm
just asking for you guys to respect it
and try to understand it it's very
confusing right now I know but um it's
gonna it's it's gonna work itself out so
that's that I can't say anything about
it right now
it's it's a it's a it's a sensitive
subject I don't really know what to say
and I don't know how to say it so I'm
just asking you guys for the support and
just understand that it's only for the
best right now that whatever changes you
may notice is happening and I just thank
you guys so much for uh you know being
here with us and understanding these
things I don't know it's said that all
being said I do got a bounce I do gotta
go I'm uh I made a jump a big jump to a
new editing software today I've been
using Final Cut 7 for the life of me
like as long as I can remember I've been
using Final Cut 7 I've jumped to the new
premiere
for so many reasons I've jumped to this
new premier and you know moving to new
editor is just so weird not that it's
hard
I don't know I just don't get it so I'm
gonna spend most of the night trying to
figure out how to edit this vlog it's
normally I'm just like a whip at it but
now I have to learn all the basics so uh
so that's it guys thanks for hanging out
with me and me and my family and for all
your love and support please no
negativity I don't want any negativity
out of this I'm just telling you guys so
that there's a little understanding that
things are you know changing right now
so we'll figure it out but I love you
guys we will see you tomorrow thanks for
everything and stay positive man keep a
big smile on your face you're beautiful
what's in that bucket right there quick
