this place looks packed oh yeah maybe
hey hey guys we are uh Kane wants to
look at some puppies you want look at
puppies little puppies you want to hold
a puppy yeah you wanna ride a puppy
you're gonna kiss a puppy you want to
fart on a puppy hey we kind of match
with sunglasses yeah gimme five
wow you guys haven't noticed we thought
our tattoos were so sweet that we'd come
out in public with them and represent
they're pretty rad no I just like being
made fun of all day they're so soft
Jimmy just bit my finger clean off look
lively and fun
pick your own feeder mouse
oh that's just it is a very cruel world
my friends you pick one of these guys
just to feed it to your oh I'm too soft
for that you like now you want to get
one out and you want to pet it out he's
got bad news written all over it
Thank You Horace he likes you he wants
to come poop in your house unfortunately
for us don't require a certain amount of
attention yeah you could fit in your
pocket almost we just can't have a dog
as much as we'd like to have one at the
house we have Zeus Zeus has always been
awesome but it just seems impossible to
give a dog a good home even though it
would be happy while we were
see if he likes the play let's see if he
likes to fly he's not scared look he's
coming to mommy what's in that bucket
right there
this is the plastic duck
I'm just here to pick on people here's a
good piece of advice don't go into a pet
store with a female and a kid not
expecting to buy something you know we
can't have a pet what are you doing you
said somebody you know we can't have a
pet unfortunately we're just not home
enough for us to give an animal a good
home we got fish but they're okay and a
fish he could a puppy a cat any time and
they need love like we leave in a couple
days we're just not home enough baby
daddy riding that oh my gosh it's just
hanging on there we are looking for a
Venus flytrap
you know the plants that catch the Flies
I don't know if you have to feed them
flies but I know they eat them well they
got a lot of cacti cactus ladies what do
they die how do they get on my god
burning plants won't already grown you
know oh my god
so he's like something out of a horror
movie this flytrap I eat bugs you want
to do one from the start
sweet tattoos well I guess Brittany
I wanted like a full-size plant that we
can we can watch I think you can't it's
so big you can probably really these are
the beak ulis there's no way there's
live in Ohio and that's a that's
greenhouse magic look at these I don't
believe that these things will live to
well here they're way too colorful
unbelievable unbelievable unbelievable
did should I tell them about the
restaurant today we're at our third
store today and I was so ashamed we ate
at a restaurant before I started
vlogging and I didn't put it in the vlog
so we eat every friggin day on the vlog
I don't know what's the point not
showing it if I tell them about it it's
the stupid all right I thought of that a
Chinese place the weekly essentials
swine smoke bombs I love plants for
burns root beer and bubbles look at this
change purse you ever showed this shirt
that's a shirt oh my gosh did you put
them both in there
oh go for this big orange guy yeah oh it
doesn't go that far eight-second she
better decide oh my gosh she's going for
it it's so I know it's like there's a
trick to this thing Ursula thetic that
is a beautiful house guy my friends what
do you smile you're a smile maker your
little smile factory so we just warped
home in what would a Roman Atwood vlog
be without lighting something with a
fuse or Britney dancing like a goon all
right this is Cannes you ready to rock
it that's from yesterday
yeah gross makes you talk funny though
that's cool gang you ready yeah it's a
smoke bomb so we don't yeah we don't we
don't have to run come here three two
one
come on
oh yeah snakes hold your breath
ready oh so pretty feel I guess there
you go that's cool that's how you get
the most out of a smoke bomb right there
actually is lasting a long time Kane
you ready blow those things oh yeah I
like them nice there's new chairs make
for nice look they think feeding stables
all right this big bubble time no no
don't tip it pull it straight out there
you go big big time whoa whoa these were
great dad
okay ready
now swing it around daddy oh there you
go yeah
you just splattered me whoo not too fast
if you do it real fast it'll just pop
okay
there you go yeah good one man there's a
lot yeah
well that didn't last too long Kane
broke the handle I mean so use them
where's the other part it's time to go
fully automatic oh yeah sure that you're
his boss dip it dip it all right now
blow ya bully Otto baby
wow that thing works great holy cow
Wow Wubbzy all right I'm gonna show you
a quick second of this cane you got your
raft in the bathtub just my life of a
crazy prankster guys this is it this is
what I do on a day-to-day I love it
he thought he's all yours okay then
you're gonna go downstairs yeah
Brittany's been working downstairs sois
more stuff for the last hour I've just
been like a hammer
all right guys I'm actually good in the
vlog Brittany's gonna get Kane asleep
and then her and I got to go down and
work in the store try to get caught up
we're leaving in a few days for some
business stuff we'll bring you guys
along of course and we're just gonna
trying to get caught up down there and
make sure you guys got all your orders
we will see you tomorrow today's very
laid-back day it's really all I got man
nothing too exciting but that's our life
this is our life every day some days are
hot some days are not do you guys
tomorrow thanks for all the the love um
applause as always the feedback in the
comments everything thank you guys
you're
see you tomorrow you're awesome smile
more he's seriously rekt you nuts just
hit rocks oh these are my good pants
