I love you I love you
what's up beautiful
Columbus Ohio sun is shining I'm off to
hang out with my battle buddies the
lawyers we are the new challenge video
you guys waiting on with the fire it's
unbelievable we can't wait we're putting
up Sunday which is tomorrow if you're
watching this today I uploaded it super
fun super excited to upload something
other than a vlog to this channel so
yeah everything's great man what a crazy
week it's been challenging it's been fun
the house is still destroyed time to get
back into reality for a few days
meet with the lawyers right now for
Court may 5th my god it's Friday so I
get to pick up Noah from school after
this super excited about that and the
sun is shining man no complaints we
always like those doors
no I'm kidding I'm actually at the new
smile Moore building this is our new
warehouse where we're going to be just
not I wish do you look at this place
awesome there's a hallmark in here huh
no I'm just thinking I might as well get
Brittany a card today for no reason just
a nice card write something nice and I
probably make her whole day be honest
with you about this one this would be
good right what about this one let's do
it
let's get that take a girl like that
card Wow it is freaking beautiful
outside guys he got Brittany a surprise
birthday card it's nowhere near her
birthday but I thought it was a little
funnier than the other of serious cards
it's nice to give people you love random
things even if it's just a car with a
little note in it it'll make her a whole
day I bet I can't get over this weather
all right guys just left the office my
battle buddies these guys are freaking
awesome love them I'd hate to be going
up against them that's for sure anyways
we want to get Noah have some fun today
tired of tired of all this seriousness
swear the days I get to go get my boys
like nothing's wrong and nothing can
bother me so well
sunshine helps too I just feel so good
guys I'm happy I'm a happy man right now
so sucking up starving how to eat the
day 3:30 in the afternoon no food all
right
I had to buy a pen because I didn't have
a pen
I think brisket like this you guys think
that's pretty uh you know what it says
inside I thought you might like some
roasted nuts for your birthday that's
real cute guys real cute Britt Britt
I just what what you guys don't want to
hear this
you guys know what this is this is this
is the cheesy stuff this is the silly
stuff if I show you this I'm making it
cute man that's gonna be cute see you
know you gotta make the girls happy
she's reading it to you I'm not reading
to you she can read it if she wants
that's from the Dudesons
you can blame the Dudesons I'll give you
their number you can call them file a
complaint hey hey hey oh my gosh you can
see the floor you're still working
Hey
well let me see mommy paint your face
oh you look cool birthday party so I
actually got face paint kit yeah
well it looks like you got some practice
in today I did it makes your eyes look
so blue you can do one on me yeah you
want me to paint my face yeah maybe
mommy can paint it what is this that's
for you I just bought a card for you
today that's all and I had to buy a pen
because I don't have one in my car yeah
I did there was a hallmark inside my
lawyer's building Oh
you can read it out loud for the viewers
because I told I was too embarrassed to
read it to them so I'd make you read it
so it's our personal life it's our
personal stuff so behind that I had so
much to do I didn't get to vlog a lot of
this morning I'm just now editing
yesterday's vlog vlog it's not even up
I'm about to have some pizza
Brittany's paint in and yeah let me see
let me see your arms let's see the other
one I think you're turning into a good
painter that is awesome
what snow it gonna be are you gonna do
one which one oh I'll be all that should
be easy for Milan just green dude I
found a hole okay Noah and I are out
here no actually takes a lot of my
Instagram photos for me but you guys saw
a few days ago I bought a ski mask for
this this Instagram picture I want to do
but basically there's all this hype
about the Apple the gold Apple watch or
whatever it is
and I just thought it'd be a funny
picture to do about that watch or you
know
yeah I think so I don't know let's just
play around you ready all right here we
go this is gonna be good one oh you got
it dude give me five good job that's a
great shot yeah let's go we got it
don't shoot a ball gun let me see your
arm is all washing off you were iron man
look at this
the Dudesons shaving cream pool is still
here all the kids have been playing in
it put the board up against the trashcan
all right you want to shoot hit okay
we'll all shoot it that's good just up
here
come on gain weight pull the trigger oh
okay you can go next
okay let let Kane have a couple shots
hitting everyone good job
I see you found the shaving cream pool
guys do
oh man you covered it that's some pretty
good shootin I know it's the only color
how I can miss that side and have them
shoot with a bunch of different colors
and put it up in the playroom yeah but
smile more on it then cover it you guys
gonna shoot me you gonna shoot me all
right I gotta get our protection oh we
have them paintball masks all right okay
you want to shoot me I got hey let's go
get let's go get more paintballs hey hey
hey as much as you guys would love to
see me get blasted I'm at least gonna
wear an old paintball mask this thing's
so old this one's cool I just got to
wash it I'll go bear it fair sleeves
bear arms wait isn't this what you're
supposed to do if you miss a vlog yeah
but I haven't missed the vlog so we got
to do it anyway eventually maybe this
gives you the chance to miss the vlog we
can take tomorrow off
all right don't sue me yet
Hey
yep yeah go all right good job all we
heard was so good in the show and the
one in the knee is the only one that
really hurts you get your bell oh your
side too
good job three hits do not bad he's
loving it you don't wanna get shot at
mommy no spider-man are you and your
spider web I'm caught I'm caught in it
I'm cutting it ah
is there a mark uh yeah just a little
bit I can't wait to see my knee it was
ten times worse you can't lift your
pants up the I know they've too tight
yeah alright what is this like week four
in a row that we're over at my brother's
yeah
yeah all right you gonna paint me up my
battery's dead
splashing look so Britney's doing a
whole birthday party tomorrow with a
bunch of kids so she wanted to practice
on I can't take myself seriously I'm
talking but it's not me there's gonna be
some mini screen shots and we are
officially going to bed and that a cool
book check it out they signed it I see
the Dudesons it's pretty cool man maybe
one day I'll have a lot we'll have our
own book all right guys I honestly
forgot that I'm still Hawking I gotta go
wash this off and get some sleep we have
are you doing in here coffee any time to
do grandma what's she doing I was
talking to her about tomorrow night
yeah yeah cool yeah
hey little monkey I gotta go beat I
gotta go turn back into roman hoax hoax
gotta go bye bye that was fun Brittany
get a killer job she doesn't even do
this she just wanted to practice good
job baby
I'm just gonna be in the shower screw
this you're a vlogger I got a word of
advice for you don't get around a bright
lit room with a mirror you start picking
at your face making yourself look
terrible then you got to go on camera I
can't get this paint off look I got
green eyes I'm gonna call it a night
gotta get to bed we got a big day
tomorrow and we got a new guest coming
in soon try to guess who it is I'll give
you a hint it's not a youtuber that's
tough it could be anybody
we love you guys thanks for all the
support and we will see you tomorrow mom
one or looks like a lot of misshapen
into the hey definitely excited for you
guys to go so we're gonna sign we're all
gonna sign a bunch of these and we're
gonna give them away in the vlogs or in
the challenge video
