Hey hey guys they're starting today's
vlog exactly where I left off yesterday
I just finished uploading the prank of
course that's already been up a day for
you guys thank you for all the likes and
the well I don't think I've ever seen
that many comments you guys just
laughing like you actually laugh so that
that wins my heart thank you jumping in
the shower it's Father's Day I get to
spend the whole day with my boys I'm
gonna head over hang out with my dad so
let's do it
let's get clean I'm just saying like
we're going to hang out by a pool tank
top shorts you're like what are you
doing mine you guess if I don't know
this Brit stands on the toilet every day
so that she can see in the mirrors when
we have a whole stand up Jane you ready
hey thanks for the big tickle balloon
you gonna show everybody come on you
don't want them to look you don't want
him to look this is what another
birthday no big deal that's funny that's
funny bullseye another day another can
of hairspray
yeah put that spray on but your legs are
twice as dark as your back sprayed
myself in the face we're off to my
papa's house my daddy spent a little
time for Father's Day with him it's a
super hero in my book schedule conflict
ation just get the mop what's up guys
happy Father's Day world big guy that's
my boy
this is who's responsible for me
sometimes you get lucky is it yeah yeah
it's not a Mama's baby daddies maybe hey
may without Sons is lonely when he gets
old
I suppose say yeah think about that like
father like son
yeah Kings we're hanging out here it's
freaking Father's Day yeah goes quick
should we tell them we're coming out
with our you buckle is for me yeah
teamwork makes the dream work came okay
go good job cans little fire truck boat
yeah somebody took my mom and dad's rope
and made an entire really cool hammock
with it where'd you get these pillows
Wow that's cool it looks like it would
take a lifetime my gosh really no way
that is ridiculously cool holy cow
yep how long does it take to make that
you might know that is some crazy amount
of work I don't even know what to say
you're beautiful we do baby ones you
brought your wrap with you
we just left my mom and dad's there
headed to my dad's headed to his mom's
so we're going home we actually have
nothing to do and I'm trying to plan it
half the day was editing the other half
is gonna be video games with the kids
and Brett we're not gonna do anything
yeah paint I will come back there boy
would you just say Oh some nap Britney's
cleaning out the truck we I want to show
you guys you remember in LA I left my
skateboards at the post office and the
guy the guy working there was like just
leave a man I'll ship him I took I took
a judgment call Rosie no her it was
gonna miss our flight back to Ohio I
left them at the post office here they
are
he even bubble-wrapped them man that
dude was legit maybe maybe somewhere out
there he'll see this thank you did it
it's so nice to have these here thank
goodness yeah that's a good start
go Johnny go go go
alright I'm sorry guys but I'm gonna
take a little me time with the boys and
Britt we are literally 1 2 3 we're gonna
all team up and play some video games
that's something we never just do so
much shut this off it'll be a second for
you get 1 second time I think
forgive me I'm gonna chill out for a
little bit I need I need some them time
in a second
I hate video games
no I'm kidding but it is the next day
and we binge gamed most of the night
what are you making tato poop mommy's
making potato poo oh my gosh is brick in
half on a real super positive note
things are looking up here nice and blue
and sunny oh man this what happens when
you leave for two weeks and don't water
your flowers no ma'am
hairy palms still alive that's that's
good
to redeem yourself after yes you got it
I think you got it okay guys I think
that's a good spot in technically
yesterday's vlog we will see you
tomorrow thanks for all the love I
missed the fall spree West nights from
doing it today I promise I'm gonna start
following everybody I've seen share the
prank so if I missed you yesterday I'm
sorry we love you we will see you
tomorrow
tell me in the comments what you think
about that prank what were your thoughts
would you like to see a public prank
next and we're gonna end it there we'll
see you guys smile love you smile more
some sex tape
well fire that was better than I thought
I didn't think you'd like maman just
like
