hey hey guys before this vlog starts I
want to let you know I've uploaded
spur-of-the-moment a new prank to the
main channel it always means the world
to me if you can stop for one second and
share it anywhere you can everywhere you
can you guys are amazingly loyal and
thank you from the bottom of my heart
for all this love I will do a huge
follow spree everyone that I see share
it I will try to get to everybody
tonight and tomorrow I love you guys
thanks and enjoy the long hey guys how
are you I hope your days awesome as
always me and my little boy here I'm
taking him over to mamas it's pretty
high
as you guys know she took her pregnancy
test and they have come back negative so
I believe that she's not bringing it but
it has inspired a new idea it has
inspired us to try to pull a prank today
I mainly tell you too much about it but
let's do it come with me
bump you can do it jump hey Louie gonna
be good
noni don't eat Kim's chips hey my mom
how are you
everything's good hey hey well I likes
attention oh yeah okay hey I'll be right
back okay I love you
literally making a quick stop to pick up
new CF cards an SD card I cannot believe
how you guys would think that I had a
million of them things but they're
making them so small that I keep losing
them so I got to grab some I'm so
amateur have you got a hold of your mom
what uh what are we under if you can't
get all of her we need it too we have to
do it today just keep calling I I got a
run in I love you but this what's bad
about coming up with a prank and wanting
to do it the same days you don't know if
people are gonna be around you know I'm
sure at this point most of you assume
that I have everything I need to make a
prank but I don't I'm always missing
something I literally woke up this
morning and didn't have any of these
freaking flash drives whatever they're
CF cards I have a bunch of them couldn't
find a single one today I'm gonna vlog
you taking a selfie
did you get it right on so gonna be
honest with you guys
I was planning for my next upload my
next upload to be a public prank and a
lot of people want some more public
pranks even those like a billion on
YouTube they're so washed out now it's
just another public prank anyway I still
love doing this I'm going to do it but
it's been raining all week
today is just dark storm clouds and it's
been raining off and on so I figured f
it I need I need to get a break up so
we're gonna work on right now alright
guys so alright guys so I made a joke
about this for a while where is it where
is it I have honestly never seen this
much fan mail my life got like this look
at that all the way over there's
hundreds and hundreds of letters in here
it's getting scared because I don't I
don't know how we can read them all and
it's I just want to be honest with you
guys I'm looking for something somebody
sent all right ah it was over here it's
not what the fan mail is with the UH
what they already opened mail I got to
show you guys this so I never showed you
guys this one I got it but somebody you
guys remember how I've made a lot of
jokes I've told you that somebody should
come out with sex tape tape that has sex
on it you know like you go in the store
and they have tape with macaroni on it
they have tape with Donald Duck they
have tape with everything caution tape
they don't make tape has sex on it so
these guys sent me all these rolls of
tape boom my heart's pounding Brittany
and I are inviting her mother over to
reveal to her that we think at this
point of our career that we should
release our own sex tape and I think
this will be even funnier because she
works for us she works the smile you
guys already know that so it's gonna be
funny we're not actually releasing this
but it's gonna be funny when at the end
I reveal it's just tape sex tape it's
freaking awesome
you'll always find our house is cleanest
when we're gonna film something I don't
know keeps us in law and keeps us in
check so I've got a position cameras
this is always the hard part cuz I need
a camera here which means I'm gonna have
to really build something I don't know I
don't know how to write guys warping
past sometime Brittany has been trying
to get up horror Brittany has been
trying to get ahold of her her mom all
day and now this evening did you get
ahold of her or what oh just in case
I've been building ridiculous camera
hides that's a camera super obvious to
you guys because I just pointed it out
but it looks like a box of crap from Los
Angeles she's just gonna think some box
for my legs we've been moving a whole
bunch of crap so look you never know you
know because I showed you you would
never know that the camera this is a
pile of laundry why is it a pile under
it doesn't matter there's a camera in
there see that kind of crap you can only
see right there that this is just
pranking 101 if she sits anywhere on
this couch
over here over here it's covered both
ways see no matter what I've got a third
GoPro going up here which I doubt I'll
ever use because nobody wants to look at
the tops of anyone's heads I'll be
putting on my wireless mic right here
picks up usually pick up a whole room
this guy in case you guys want to know
Sennheiser eww 100 series great mic for
anybody want to do hidden camera or
public pranks or don't get anything less
than this I promise you don't get
anything less than that that's that's
the lowest grade I would go that's is
the lowest grade basically they get
really expensive after that literally
gonna be so you guys are looking at like
the most bummed aversion to me if she
doesn't answer this phone today
it's been a while hey what are you doing
you have answered your phone all day
oh hey can you come over we have to talk
to you just yeah everything's fine it's
it's it's good news can you pull over
it's good news can you come over
payback's are hell just remember both of
you know some sex tape Oh fart I was
better than I thought I didn't think
you'd like like maman just like okay all
right no you were no you're talking
about my girls you're nothing anything
like that out there not without a fight
I'll tell you that not without a fight
hey wonder why I'm nervous about coming
over here I mean come on Roman
well now you're done you've been pranked
solid you know I was Thanksgiving now
you're safe to come over anytime yeah
okay right oh my god guys you have no
idea awkward of a prank that was it
didn't seem like it would be like the
whole build-up if we're coming over
everything I was fine when we actually
she walked in the room and I had to tell
her that Brittany and I were coming out
with a sex tape oh my god very very
simple this time two cameras and just a
bonus
vlog camera stuff so should be a pretty
quick edit my last two three prank my
last yeah they've been like eight
cameras not hate it hate editing that
stuff sometimes so yeah I'm just digging
through trying to find that right music
right now you know I'll just sit through
and type in keywords and just start
scanning songs that takes longer than
the edit usually so yeah those are some
things I'm doing right now so yeah guys
that's uh that's what I'm doing right
now not too exciting Brittany is headed
to go get came for moms right now I'm
filling my gut with water and editing
until my eyes fall out all right guys
we're gonna jump right to the ending
it's actually the next day I've been
working it's it's three o'clock p.m. so
it's taking a while
thank you guys for all the love as
always all the shares if you guys can
take one minute share this one
it was awesome to get such a reaction
out of Brittany's mom she flipped out it
was amazing it's hard to get those as
you can see in the last two videos I've
done we haven't got that crazy reaction
that we've been once we finally got it
with something so simple thank you guys
big follow spree tonight and tomorrow go
show it some love if you can happy
Father's Day to all them dads out there
and
we'll see you tomorrow thanks for
watching smile my you ah it's coming out
