alright guys before this vlog starts I
just want to say that the new prank is
up which means you know what to do
go show it your love and support and of
course share it I will do a follow spree
tonight let's start this vlog what's up
dude how you feeling good did you sleep
good mm-hmm let's gang up too honey
what thanks Alex Mandel doing here you
don't remember
no you flew him out last night says you
needed his help
once when drunk so I would never do that
what's up guys it is awesome out we got
the car out today to pull a very
wonderful I done a very wonderful prank
today we're working on you guys watch
yesterday's well you know we had to get
painters tape to cover up the police car
there you go got Noah got Alex what's up
dude how was your flight
got the whole road myself he pulled an
all-nighter to get here today to help me
film this and no maybe maybe I'll even
give you a camera today let you have a
have a camera so apparently what was
your name man oh it's Chris Chris Roman
nice to meet you nice to meet you he's
going to be playing one of our officers
today and apparently if we X out these
and cover the top we're allowed to drive
this thing around but I'm still a little
iffy about it let's do this uh
got one of my best assistants with me
today ornated right Bryan nice to meet
you
we were about to have some fun some
serious fun all we got to do is scare
the crap out of my grandma you guys like
scaring grandmas is that your type of
thing absolutely thought we got twice
this weekend okay so today grandma
believes that she's gonna take a ride in
the in the GTR finally like she keeps
bothering me like she keeps bugging me
about it like everybody's running in it
but me and today's the perfect sunny day
to take grandma ride we got all our
stuff we're gonna go pro I told her that
I'm going to film for the vlog I told
her that I'm gonna film for the vlog so
she's like I think anything of a camera
in the car it's all gonna be normal and
then what happens next is really the
prank Alex brought all his equipment I
got all my equipment I don't have
anybody lives around here but they've
they've drained Buckeye Lake due to some
damn issues they got to repair it fix
it's going to take a couple years to fix
but this used to be a nice canal that's
like a little stream get a big rocks we
can hide a mic in the parking lot we
always like to have a lot of audio to
cover the whole scene pull on a birthday
prank on grand all day and he tells me
it's his birthday happy birthday dude
hey thanks a lot man how did I get you
out here on a Sunday to pull up you know
I got a call and you need somebody to
play a fake cop and and I'm pretty good
at that what a lot of fun doing it so
well you can give the birthday cake to
Grandma and you guys can share it that's
all you guys can split the cake sounds
great I haven't any cake yet so that's
it I'm ready
oh yeah perfect
get it okay good work good work team oh
this for you too gummy a Snickers
so the real surprise today is that
grandmas getting a very mean birthday
present that's basically what it is
happy birthday grandma we love you yeah
so you guys roll up hot really hot um
you know get her out of the car hands
above the your head where I can see you
guys know what to say and then we're
going to get her out of the car make her
face the water there should be a little
more delay there though you know that's
gonna happen fast yeah there should be
like some bickering hopefully she fuels
that hopefully that just happened yes
you ask questions what what you pulling
me over for what are you doing not my
car you know man we believe that this
car has been reported for reckless
driving and reported stolen are you
aware that this car may be stolen you
know things like that to that that
matter okay I'm going to get grandma you
guys be ready all right guys we've been
in preparation for like three hours in
that parking lot I'm now going to pick
up grandma
I've told her that you know I'm gonna
film for the vlog I've got a GoPro and
I've got another GoPro back there and
she assumes that I'm just filming our
little ride
our little fun ride for the vlog so she
has no idea that he's gonna be a police
car try to arrest her and accuse her for
driving a stolen vehicle and the list
goes on and on so she should be really
fun I'm really nervous and really
nervous today
so here goes oh yeah I'm so hungry I'm
eating doing my pass out mama I'm here
how you feel it's beautiful out I'm
feeling fine how are you feeling good
except you're hungry I'm hungry but I'm
love you got a push on that it's kind of
weird hop on into the funny car record
some for the vlog I think it'll be cool
for the viewers you know what even
smells of you
smells now buddy freighter taking me to
jail I too went with him I told these
guys looks like she's probably gonna
talk back you did it
I was expecting to get something some
lines or getting good kind of
dumbfounded write about it when they're
right up on top of you you're just like
what if you shot with your hands behind
you and I I can't do that I can't put my
hands and I can't do that was my
shoulder
well thankfully I don't have to rush you
to the ground we always talked about you
can well yeah I would have fought you
off tried that you told papered his
house yeah can you catch you
yes okay so we're actually gonna shoot a
thumbnail for this prank
instead of taking a screen grab from it
it's more of a you know a commercial for
out there too
did you have fun oh yeah nice birthday
present
yeah that I you wish the cake with a
moron you take it me I'm cushy oh forgot
about your mic good that's okay you got
it run over yeah okay dawn yeah license
in it and I didn't have my first with my
driver's license it and I was sitting in
the driver's seat
now at the time that we did they fall
down and boy you scared the crap out of
me darriel he had me put my hands in
the-- it out so he put the cuffs on me
and everything
got mom all good best birthday ever
excited one oh man I don't know if
anything makes me more sleepy than
trying to pull pranks off there's so
much like mental where like I feel like
I should just pass out after a long hard
motherfucking day I like the hololens
were talking about me a purse a long
hard fresh pirate kid all right we're
gonna kill some cheeseburgers and just
forget about that hey really good job
filming today man Noah filmed his first
prank he filmed with the main camera the
big actually had the biggest camera we
used the little Sony's he used to be can
ops looks a little embarrassed I flew
you out from LA and I coulda just said
Noah filming right holy my parents
Lloyd's tell me I was a waste of money
too
oh sorry sorry Alex and I had to run
back to the actual park we film this
because I forgot to shoot an intro for
the prank which is so bad we got it but
I like I like wait actually waiting to
shoot the intro because it sucks
spending time shooting intro and then
the prank sucks so now yeah we focus on
the most important right but uh to be
honest I don't know if it's a shooter
experience you'll never forget
okay got it
hey guys today is my grandma's 78th
birthday she's been wanting to drive
this car for a long time so I thought
I'd make today an experience she won't
forget that was really bad
oh yeah I'll explain sucker all by
himself
ha he's stuck here score so I got about
six seven seven cameras to start dumping
into the computer so while it's doing
all that miles well goof off and play a
little bit yeah well I just
Alex did just build this net and Noah
Noah built most of it only four more
cameras to convert luckily there's not a
lot of clips on every camera but cameras
are converting and look what liquid alex
has done to my kids play this you are
live streaming right now on Twitch holy
yeah what's up world
I'm turning I'm turning your kids into
streamers at least you're just flying
jets and not hitting people with
baseball bats let's see if they can see
me blogging of course they can they're
all reading blog blog blog
okay yeah yeah New York rolling pick the
left jaw go look at me Bret just got
back with some serious groceries for
tomorrow we got a house full of people
coming here I'm like at the grocery
store I'm like wow you didn't army guys
are feeding an army is it just in the
bed of the truck everyday we're just
filling this house with stuff but we
emptied the bed of the truck and alex is
like that wasn't bad
not all trucks full do we got we're
gonna have a monster of a house which is
great she got all your favorite snack
well I like having my own cop car did I
got it just chillin over there look at
you just chilling it I'm waiting for you
to get out of my way go beat it this is
some serious groceries gross gross gross
gross
what are you doing a gallon of milk
cracks look at this just one little
crack right there took a really long
time to go grab my camera but Alex just
maybe do a backflip I can't even do
backflip what you don't know what that
is I have no idea what cream pie you're
about to live oh my gosh I mean he's my
whole life right do you guys know what
they say judge cannot be just an Ohio I
don't hide a thing
it's a Little Debbie dude
like it enough yeah how did you know
honestly you're playing with me hey I've
never even heard of it imagine living
life like that
alright guys we've warped into the
following day current day if you're
watching this when I uploaded the new
prank is up it's live which means you
guys have a job to do you have a serious
job to do I could not decide whether to
put it on the prank channel or the vlog
Channel I put it on the Frank channel so
please I was up to 4 a.m. editing and
I've been editing all day today to get
it up get this vlog up please show your
love go share with everyone you got I'll
do a follow spree tonight on Twitter I
will do the regular routine thanks for
all loving support grandma was a blast
and it was definitely a good birthday
present for so we love you guys we will
see you tomorrow don't forget to smile
more
