hey girl she's like mom mom here's Brian
just took off on too many oh geez oh
well I guess you can't do it on too many
did you flew over that thing well
welcome to the vlog guys just got home
through this pallet I've been gone this
morning and I kind of skip past this but
the company that you remember that bite
country ramp into the pond right here
this guy well like the day after the
week after he did that the company is
like we're gonna send you guys some
bikes a couple to give away a couple for
you guys to just ride well the pallet
came this morning they sent these
gigantic ones to look at this thing dude
that one's fun that's more fun dude
that's the upgraded one you see that
suspension I never got you the one with
suspension you just like put me through
torture let me just be a rough ride out
no they saw the videos and they were
like we got to get that boy some
suspension I already know preload you a
little bit more on that jump ring I am
just starting the blog though I've been
doing all kinds of stuff is leaving for
two weeks from my home my business my
everything I get piled on with a lot of
things that I have to come home to so
buddy asleep what's going on hi bud
what's up flashy hi buddy what you doing
up here I was like is everybody really
asleep Oh
building how you feeling uh came home so
sick actually this morning when we woke
up we woke up to him throwing up in a
cup so it was not good well glad to see
you up and about little man taking it
easy all right
I thought you were asleep first are you
sitting on you think you own this place
are you feeling good James why you crazy
dude chill you're making boats and then
testing them in the water
all right I love it like his little
pools over here yeah I gotta go pick up
the X tie and put the motor on it I
think everyone's a little jet-lagged out
from this trip we've gone for two weeks
so it's just crazy getting back home
getting in the swing and getting back to
like business and work and then reality
things we have to do have to get is huge
it's like a Harley country you have to
take some classes oh my yeah-yo that
isn't up grade right there you see this
yeah baby get on in
that's a girl you gotta ride it did you
never run the bike you got to yeah your
brawn yo that's yeah this is big that's
the perfect bike y'all look good on it
you can definitely ride that one yeah
get some experts I'm gonna be a nice guy
right it's all started from that little
joke at little gag that we pulled on
country and then the company rate that
gave us stuff to giving you guys some of
these it's cool it's just that it's just
cool I love it and and you look good on
it man that might be your new toy right
there for the property and get around
before the actually before I totaled
Travis Pastrana's
side-by-side I wrecked my I didn't
record it just broke on me it wasn't
even my fault at all
that's not good she's bleeding
oh no dips plus it out before we left
for our trip we dropped it off to get
repaired and fixed and it's done so we
get to go pick that up and I hope Brian
says this trailer will work if it
doesn't work then we just buy the new 64
uh I don't think it works that way let's
not be getting any ideas here boys huh
don't you I saw you eyeballing this guy
imagine how much airtime you'd have
before you hit the water oh there she is
she's all fake
I got a windshield with a wiper on
that's pretty cool is that glass glass
so when I roll it it shatters no it's
because you know this is gonna be the
first thing that breaks I got the solid
doors now some muds not flying up is it
is it gonna fit it does fit dude oh my
gosh you got it no problem feels good
zoom we never sent the artwork for the
route we're gonna have it wrapped and
we're still gonna do it but we just the
artwork never got done eventually it's
gonna be wrapped and look incredible but
for now it's it's just
yeah oh my god these guys want to
torture me
I want to get up in it you're out
I want I want to are you going with it
seems like you're like really taking off
all right to turn you jumping yeah all
right I'm ready I'm ready
so if you don't put the seat belt on you
can only go like ten miles per hour or
something so I'm just gonna keep my seat
belt off we are really just burning it's
crazy
yesterday we were still in the Bahamas
hot sunny beautiful and today we get
back in sunny skies it's cold but it's
like we're just living each day in this
weather right now just using every
possible minute of it we're gonna fire
this big guy this new guy up doing that
right I'm busy that's it ah she's she's
smile more doubt ready for action you
ready on you want to pull it yeah you
pull it that's you that's the baby
there he goes you know what you think
thank God no one horse Oh
get it girl she got a new bouncer today
yo she's gonna be advancing soon get it
goin
she's fully standing
okay welcome to Kurt that we have not
done a current day vlog for for a long
time almost probably a month and I just
did in the blog last night we ended up
watching a scary movie and just hang out
with family and friends and I just
didn't end it you want to take a ride
huh you are okay so one of my view I'm
gonna get the name off my Twitter she
sent me this video and when I see no
like I'm gonna actually DM I was like
I'm gonna try this with course I'm gonna
do it right now with you guys
Laura you better get used to seeing
these these are our seat rocks oh I
could've used the pink one I know I
don't know gonna pull it
my cousin Laurie's still here she wasn't
last night not inform you okay well
welcome Laurie to the vlogs
okay once we get about 50 60 miles per
hour it gets a little bumpy okay she's
in she's in the cats want one team to go
to Cory you're too heavy
you're to be nigga oh you're cruising
girl you're crazy oh yeah I'm going over
the blanket we're going over the blanket
what'd you think what'd you think
first RC experience good bad no comment
no get it boy get it boy uncool daddy's
taking you on a ride dude you did it
uh-oh uh-oh
truck jam oh geez
hang on hang on girl get internet it
hang on girl she's like mom mom whoo
hey you got to start smiling you got
starts somewhere with the the RC game it
only gets bigger from here coral exits
the xmax over the double up it's it's
tom lea RC world he sent me this video
him doing this to his son or daughter
and I was like you know I have to do
this of course so there it is that is
our video I'm gonna go ahead and end
this so we can keep on track and start
today's video we are putting up the
Christmas tree today I hope you're ready
Brian I hope you ready set the tree up
it's a big project I did this last year
and it took hours and hours that's the
trap they told you that because were
setting up the tree today we love you
guys so much thanks for being here
thanks for being part of our daily life
in our family when you see it tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
you
