what the heck is up my friends it is
just beautiful outside we are having a
crazy start to our day we just got all
the way into town and realized there is
no SD card in this camera so knowing I
had to run in buy an SD card just so
that we could vlog today and yeah it's
yucky guys it's nasty but we're gonna
make the best of it we got some errands
to run some fun things to do and picking
up something huge for well you'll see
well I'm not going to tell you about it
I'm going to show you if we had 5 stars
right now on GTA that's what would be
coming after us there that thing's
massive
that is the last thing I want coming
down my driveway holy crap dude this
place has got everything man all this
stuff anything you can think of look
grandma and grandpa's rope that's cool
I'd have been dying to do another photo
on Instagram with the ski mask like a
robbers mass they have to have them but
this would be the place that would have
it and I would think I can't find it
these are these are trigger gloves so
you can still shoot trouble okay mission
accomplished it is hard to find the
original like Robberson mask like the
three whole ski masks with the eyes and
mouth but I found one with just the top
like a ninja though I think we got a new
way home what are you doing cookies
so in other words you're gonna be
Tasmanian we literally had no and I had
to come home just so I could put the
vlog up we were all so opposite today's
been a weird day
forgot my SD cards I had to come all the
way home to upload this vlog right now
ah alright we are back out mommy and
Kane are going to get everything that we
need for the guests that are coming no
and I are going to pick up something
awesome for the big prank and that's it
you ready everyone's so focused right
now so I'm going right now knowing I are
going to receive the new item we need
for the big prank I'm pulling and it
took so long to get here and it had to
be built and well let's just check it
out hopefully it's here you guys are not
gonna believe what I got is that awesome
I had a police car made completely made
Wow let's do this how the heck do you
get this thing off here you get some
speed just ramp it off holy cow
so I've actually never seen how this is
done how they get the cars off of this
thing once it's on here I had a police
car made for my new video it was shipped
in from Los Angeles and here it is now
the only reason I'm showing you this now
is because by the time you're watching
this I've probably already pulled the
prank which is great no spoilers
have you ever seen them take cars off
these trailers I haven't either actually
excited to see this so he's got to pull
that nice Mercedes off there and then
I'm assuming lower this part and drive
the cop car down dude that's high mmm
that's up there dude this is a serious
job getting this car off here guys
risking his life I've never seen this
many processes like this is a
complicated trailer this thing does
everything it's like a transformer
basically moving around this far
holy cow my own police car got every
prankster needs their own police car so
that's it
this is my car now holy cow dude huh I
don't know it's just mine and in got our
own police car maybe it's stripped out
but it's cool this must turn the lights
on or the siren or something huh can
make notes get locked into that
and all the seeds are plastic that's so
you can pee in them yeah people get
stuck back here so long they have to pee
dude how do I drive this car it's a
legit police car so cover the badges
with like okay cover the badges and keep
a cover over the light okay perfect
all right so we're back home and look at
this
ah nuts
here
Wow it seemed under trending that on an
island I really want the meat in it
or whatever it's called you have our
half I have half is it good I'll make
you a little a little coconut drink
little tart a little tart for that's
good
so Brittany and Kane just got back and
we had to get all kinds of stuff for the
for our people planning and there's
nothing worse than missing trash day we
miss trash this week so now both
dumpsters are full and we have so much
trash we have nowhere to put it
look it's just piling up what do you do
what do you do and get a lot well
everyone's gonna be sleeping like babies
Wow
apparently she build all these tubs with
stuff from the store we're on full like
hotel mode right now
we got enough pillows for five guys all
these new blankets look at this air
mattress it has a freaking memory foam
top that's nice that was that tim packs
so cheese balls can't go anywhere
without cheese balls here's the other
half of our prank right there that was
inside that box i need it for tomorrow
oh man we got a lot of work to do this
place is you know what might as well
just leave it like this
the Dudesons are gonna play with all
this I know they're gonna come up here
and play with all these toys how's this
bathroom come on I can see you didn't
flush last time you went literally
bleaching the tub getting everything
clean yeah I still got one more day but
no you got to prepare you got to prepare
I think we should put a bed in here for
fun someone has to sleep in this room
let's just blow up the air mattress
right what are you cheese balls dude I
should have known that I leave for a
second you'd be eating cheese balls
that's cool
happy cheese what do you
alright guys serious question for you so
you know that Monday the Dudesons fly-in
and we are working on all kinds of fun
crazy stuff for this blog channel the
new the new style and this place is
going nuts
the new style publish channel is gonna
work and that is all pranks will now be
uploaded to the blog channel except the
massive pranks but here's here's the new
way I'm gonna do it there's a lot of
special guests coming to this house
you're excited that's right we're gonna
have all kinds of awesome people coming
to this house to do awesome things with
us and my question to you guys this week
tell me in the comments if you could
have anybody come collab with us who
would it be
could be a youtuber it could be it can
be anybody could be celebrity it could
be you know we can reach out and try to
reach out to anybody we want and see
what happens doesn't mean we can get
them but we can try and it's gonna be a
lot of fun it's gonna be a new kind of
style jumping the gun guys who do you
want to see come be featured in our
vlogs and collaborate with oh boy you
got them in there what's that called the
armbar no B yeah the only remember I
remember is the camel clutch my brother
used to grab get on my back pull my head
back it was the worst thing ever
hey don't get them out there's a brand
new
you can part on one that's it no let's
probably hanging from it it's hot yeah
this is serious stuff
I know mr. handyman is it
it's like destroying the lawn don't push
it anymore all right guys I gotta end
this vlog I got a big day tomorrow we're
shooting finally the big main prank that
make my main channel prank tomorrow
morning so I got to get a lot of sleep
you ready to rock yeah we got everything
in today including the cop car that I've
been waiting on for a long time and it's
a big one it's really big zooming really
cool and fun and awesome and unless it
fails and then I'll go up on this Shh
hey love you guys I love you guys I'm
gonna end it don't forget to tell me in
the comments who you want to see us work
with they're gonna come out here we're
gonna have fun we're gonna make cool
videos what do you want do you ever get
tired all right guys we love you don't
forget to slap a big old smile on your
face you know you're awesome I've told
you so many times you know I love you
smile more
six million subs we made it six million
so who's gonna eat them all who's that's
a lot of stuff jail don't be stupid plan
just to watch you go fix something
