so Roman is um unloading mail and I'm
gonna make him do something to get into
the truck today so let's see you got it
the door is locked
yes you have to shake your butt I mean
oh you're so smart I didn't think you
could read oh I can reach girl I feel it
everything what's up guys it's Friday
for us baby beautiful Friday - it
weathers absolutely perfect
get little sleepy Keener's with us okay
say hi we are we uh we gotta make one
quick stop before we go get Noah from
school and start our weekend all right
come on Captain Awesome
captain awesome pants dump this on
there you go King come on in it's
absolutely gorgeous outside
got my little man hey there's our truck
I'd like to have one of those trucks
back up in my house beep beep beep it's
going to come run in the store real
quick we've got a couple little problems
one one of the problems is we got ants
in our house little ants
I love ants but not my house we got to
find some remover I don't know if
anybody else has this problem but every
year at the same time little ants find
their way no matter where we're at
inside they're smart man they got good
senses hurry
this is way easier than walking around
but wonder you like this so much that's
why you always write the things you need
down because you forget their account
okay there you go we had a list and then
we forget it then you get to the store
you want to buy everything except what
you actually came here for that's why
the stores are designed to make you buy
we got some box fans we're about to have
a lot of guests if you watch yesterday's
vlog we're about to have a lot of
special guests at our house so we need
to get a lot of things that what about
this like you're just light on the desk
where the monitor is no no because then
everybody can see our schedule and
everything that we do and everything
that's important to us who you would
find this aisle huh 25 at up I guess you
can't get it she can't give me five you
can get one if you want but you gotta
split it with Daddy you can split it
with me yeah fair deal hey you ready go
get Noah
where is he gonna sit he sit outside on
the roof no can he sit in the back
yeah okay I'll tell him sit in the back
you ready for the weekend starts a
little cramped back there but we're all
set we're all set for summer sounds good
man
we're all set for summer set for summer
is the new the new Atwood boy band in
Canaan Noah what's up guys were set for
7:00
did you enjoy this still enough on the
table to feed another child we're back
home what are we gonna do we gonna do
guys what are we gonna do
don't don't turn to danten danten danten
danten danten danten ah see you all
weekend
get over the sound in the world
listening to my boys scream for help
yeah guess what guys
this is pretty crazy Kane wants a peanut
butter and jelly sandwich who woulda
guessed it you want a peanut butter and
jelly sandwich yeah what you want who's
daddy he'll make a peanut butter and
jelly sandwich your stash what you want
here get the bread out
go get the bread wait you want me to try
to use this what is uh-oh
it cuts little diner is that a dinosaur
yeah okay let me see your bread it's
kind of smash oh that's gonna fit here
goes nothing I don't know our bread
doesn't fit too well but here goes oh my
gosh I don't think it's cutting whoa kid
we get off the table
cuz I said people Wow
people eat there
peanut-butter dinosaur peanut butter
dinosaur that's pretty cool actually I
like that
good idea Kanner's you bet is that off
okay uh okay we are going to run over to
my brothers and yeah we won there right
now kids are already out here Harry
thought he's going crazy
are you guys doing they all ready to go
I get my sweater even like a chicken
with my head cut off his mommy giving us
a ride in the back of the truck it's
kind of cold I used to do this when I
was a kid so now Noah has convinced me
to take him to Owens for a couple hours
and play how do you do that like your
magic or something now I know how it
feels man when I was your age I'd come
off and school on a Friday all I want to
do spin them out with friends that's it
that's all I want to do it
I get it I get it I love you I'll see in
a couple hours okay bye Thanks yep love
you hi dude oh my finger wet your mouth
oh we just got over to Dale's we're on
our third Friday in a row with Pete
setting rings I love it it's awesome
Keva hug hey mom hi mom
pizza and wings you guys already eat
ribs ah wonder where I get that from you
guys down at your land
living the dream what up daily what are
you working on it recharging the battery
just build that from scratch we are just
goofing off yeah three Fridays in a row
with wings and pizza it's a dream come
true hey guys I got something really
important to tell you we are at five
million nine hundred and ninety nine
thousand seven hundred and ninety five
subscribers so tonight we're gonna hit
six million in fact we're probably there
just hasn't it I want to make a new
account and be here six months well you
better get on it
I just thought mom made six million
accounts she's been supporting me this
whole time no I'm gonna go get no you
wait here
you want to go get in with me now let
Daddy go you're having too much fun you
don't you have clothes on you hang out
with these guys I'll be right back I
can't you hang out with me Oh guys I had
to run out to go get Noah been hanging
out with my family and just
fan off and we're about to 6 million
subscribers on the Frank channel and I
just can't there's no words that I can
put through this camera lens that will
express my thanks to you guys I seen it
clear as day that it's because of you
and there's nothing I can say to thank
you guys enough but I see you guys doing
I see you guys tweet and I see you guys
you're phenomenal you're absolutely
unbelievable and I can never express my
true thanks so I just want to say thank
you and just know that I sincerely
sincerely thank you I love you guys it's
unbelievable what you do for me my
family and it's a very humbling
experience at these numbers so I'm gonna
tell you something I've never ever said
in the vlog I've never made it public
I've never said it before I almost quit
YouTube 2 times I remember perfectly
saying twice I'm going to quit YouTube
and it wasn't it wasn't a month after
that that I kept going that that we
started going viral and
and I'm so happy that I stuck with it
you guys keep doing it a lot of things
seem discouraging man I remember saying
I'm done I'm quitting it's so hard for
me to do this I wasn't making any money
I was losing money every week for over
two years I was losing money on you to
be costly money to do YouTube it was it
was really hard I also worked a
full-time factory job and I also have
family to take care of so it was really
difficult for me I just some reason I
kept doing I loved it it wasn't about
money and I think that some of my
success comes from that is that I never
did it for money money was a byproduct
of doing what I love to do so I
encourage you guys man I've said it a
million times if you got something you
love to do do it don't do it for money
ever if you're doing it for money I
promise you I see it happen every single
day every day I see people start things
for money and it fails it's hard to do
there's no passion if you drive enough
enough
thank you thank you thank you getting oh
right now I'm so happy guys I love you
hey we hit six million subscribers a
franchise are you speechless that's
crazy you know that with the pranks and
the vlogs
that's over eight million Kane let me
see what are you wearing you look
awesome
you tired no said the white notice that
there was no wife I notice that there's
no Wi-Fi so they had to play kickball
I had to play basketball yeah they had
to actually be kids so he's tired we
might be a little worn out
six million subs we made it six millions
those yeah awesome fantastic who's gonna
eat them all who sleep that's a lot of
sub Dale don't be stupid blood used to
watch you go fix something
everybody likes the handyman and yeah I
saw so many comments about your eyes
that are like the is white uh why we
just got back home it's pretty late
actually for how little we've done today
times just gone so fast house is nice
and clean though give the viewers a hug
with Hogg Oh where's Noah already in bed
like you supposed to be monkey but come
on let's go find our game oh hi honey
I just found out this really cool thing
don't know what it is I found out that
sweepers not gonna put itself away mmm I
guess we got to wrap this up I noticed a
weird frickin vlog for you today and we
should be going crazy and celebrating
but we got to be responsible tonight we
have a big weekend where we are
preparing to launch the new if you watch
yesterday's vlog then you know I'm
launching a new style to this channel
actually everything will stay the same
it's just going to be more stuff on it
so we got to prepare for that wait like
five beds in here button Wow we got to
get like five
are you dealing I'm trying to say five
beds back you haven't uber we got to get
like five beds in here tomorrow five
extra beds for all the people coming
over this way our school he's not that
much hot water I'm gonna get over like
three in day a shower just so I know i
ha ha ha oh it's true it's true alright
guys we're gonna end the vlog think what
how am I gonna make bread like it's like
16 packs of bacon oh my gosh this is
gonna be nuts
oh that's no big deal you can eat off
the land it's gonna be fun it's a be fun
let's get it started we have stuff to do
we love you guys thank you 1000 times
for all the support we see you guys
sharing it showing your love every day
don't think it goes unnoticed we love it
um we will see tomorrow this channels
about to get really fun so let's get
through this weekend it's gonna be a lot
of work and then starting Monday it's
gonna be a lot of fun so we'll see you
then
don't forget to smile boy it's so I have
something I really need to talk to you
guys about and tell you about and I want
your advice on it I think you're gonna
agree with me I think almost everyone
will agree with me this is what I want
to do
