so this is our captain he's hooking us
up with some kayaks today should be
pretty fun out think I've ever been on
one of these things so hopefully no is
strong cuz I'm gonna get exhausted have
fun with that
pretty cool do you like that stingray
look at this I'll show you I got it on
here back down he look he just stops
that is awesome
love it he was just like hanging out
with us we said our boat it's pretty
neat yeah wanna know his fingers he ate
one I know his fingers he ate one of his
fingers off
just like that alright got a good start
to our day guys I hope you guys are
having a great day as well every day
about 3 p.m. Eastern Time I come up and
I set our vlogs live and the reason I do
it manually a lot of people say why
don't you schedule it there's been so
many times where I do schedule blog and
it doesn't go out to you guys it doesn't
hit the subscription boxes it doesn't
and I'm not the only one that says that
a lot of youtubers swear by it so I
always try to set it live myself if I
can so no matter what we're doing no
matter what the day is I come back and I
set a lot of so I'm about to do that
right now also if you didn't watch
yesterday's vlog I'm giving away my 360
camera brand-new in-the-box
the same type that I filmed my first 360
video with I'm giving one away all you
have to do is follow me on instagram and
when I post the picture me with it you
got to leave a comment tell me why you
want the camera and
you know best comment wins okay guys
we've all just piled into this super van
and for those of you to sit bama's
doesn't get hot like this
the roofs actually burnt we're headed to
a place if you watch the vlogs for a
long time and you may remember a place
called pure one you go and you actually
have to see they feed the Sharks right
there in front of you so we figured it's
the perfect place to bring all these
rascally Rascals Rascals Rascals Rascals
do sanctuary this is the spot you will
buy swimming in here place is super go
hopefully the Sharks we're gonna really
disappoint some kids gonna be really
bummed I've been hyping this up gone you
see the Sharks did no yes you did I saw
you see oh what'd you think of that my
kid we're not gonna be everyone so all
the kids just come on on sharks all
they're just sitting ordering food and
we just see this giant ship coming
through always I can't even believe it
can fit through the back
I can still chew on womp-womp-womp
things yeah there's this bin that is the
shirt there's the fan he's given us the
fan took him years to learn that Stein
we think that dude
whoa that's so much food don't wanna buy
it
Oh baby baby did you get one of those
Eric little edge look into daddy's
camera there research
everybody stuffed and full and ready to
go yeah I'm so full
my stomach hurts yeah well you guys
really hit me stop oh my gosh is so so
so pretty out
everyone's winding down kane has never
eaten so much in his life he ate an
entire thing of pasta and then he ate
half a Britney steak and then he had a
whole bowl of ice cream and we just
asked to be hung and he said yeah no I
never seen him eat like that
he's so tired
think you could run do you think you get
away from your viewers you can't hide
from them they chase you they they will
find you that's like I got him I fuck
again yes oh oh oh I got him got him got
him I don't have him are you really that
scared of crabs that screams enough to
get the Bahama police out here
alright guys kind of jumping around a
little bit we gotta get some sleep
there's my wind screens for the vlog
camera Oh Oh cuz you could put it on a
phone too oh wait yeah we are check out
this hat no one today let's put him on
whoa
it's nice dude you actually good in hats
I would tear up my ears are like this
big when I wear a hat like Dumbo I can
never wear hats growing up all my
friends were hats I could never wear
Happy's my ears were so big I got big
ears like I don't know if you've noticed
look I don't think I should have the
screen on because we always look at the
screen and not our viewers mm-hmm so
let's let's shut it okay how awesome was
that stingray today that was awesome no
I gotta say this the first one that I've
ever seen in real life that close like
we were just hung out below our boat
that's why it was so cool just let us
film it and it was cool guys I wouldn't
get in the water but we've seen a lot of
sharks today stingray and this place is
unbelievable one of my eyes
and thus and turn into a real beach bum
did check any old mm-hmm
hey you already sleep I love you dude
you're number one see you in the morning
dun dun dun
are you guys going night yeah waiting
for you to go say good night
hey we'll save us we'll see you in the
morning okay
give me five alright guys I hate to run
but we're going to cut it off maybe a
short vlog today I'm not really sure to
be honest with you it's been so nice
just being with my family everybody mom
and dad my brother and the kids and
everybody's just been so nice and I'll
tell you the truth I've been forgetting
to pull the camera out so many times I'm
like I'm losing it and like crap I got a
I got a fuck so forgive me for that
other than that that's all we got for
you today
tell me in the comments today what you
would like to see us do what some cool
things we can do as a family on this
island I don't know maybe there's maybe
there's something you guys would like to
see us do as a family also we're trying
to shoot a new 360 vlog obviously with
the new ideas that I have and since I've
already shot one I know what works and
what doesn't work and what you guys
didn't like so hopefully we'll make a
cool one of those too so we love you
guys so much thanks for all of the
support everybody coming over to
Instagram today thank you for that I'm
gonna be doing a big giveaway this week
and that's it so thanks guys thanks for
hanging out with me in the fam and we
will see you tomorrow we love you smile
