what's up my friends how are you indeed
is the stupid rug just keeps blowing up
against the grill the whole house sounds
like it's about to take off a Rakesh in
there's two canes in two daddies
hey you made thumbs up in the mirror
thumbs up in the mirror two canes I
don't have to hang ones enough for
anybody so how much longer yeah huh oh
my god what the heck gonna tame this mop
it's like you're smuggling blacktop on
your head okay guys I'm gonna start
today's vlog with something that you
guys reminded me of like you guys know
I've been putting a lot of focus into
the vlogs and my pranks have been a lot
bigger lately and they take a lot of
time to prepare they're not things that
can happen overnight there's people that
need to be involved and they just get
more complicated but because your guys
is tweet I'm gonna be honest with you
hey guess what
we're gonna hit six million subscribers
on the prank channel yes we are you know
how much you've helped do that yeah when
you get flying off the balcony that was
a hundred thousand subscribers did you
know that when I filled this house with
balls yeah that was a hundred thousand
subscribers yeah
you've helped so much dude so anyways
I'm beyond excited cuz I keep seeing the
tweets about that sick smell on the
prank show I'm like no that can't be
right I can't that can't be no mm-hmm
and then I looked this morning and it's
30,000 away guys it's impossible to me
it really is especially since I haven't
put up a prank in a month so but good
news is one is coming up hopefully this
weekend will be on the channel it's
really big and again I have been putting
too much time into these pranks I'm
going to focus more on how I started out
on YouTube
but anyway guys I'm gonna get back to
the heart of things and I appreciate
your love this is unbelievable to me
thank you so much let's get it to six
mil worth thirty thousand away Oh too
far of a jump
is mommy awesome yeah is Noah awesome
yeah is Kane awesome
is daddy awesome ah
this magic carpet ride a whole new world
get them get them
you got buzz get Batman oh they're so
helpless they're just sitting there uh
you just thrown him like right off all
right we are out of here maybe deflated
during the night hey Kane look what
somebody did to us they took your body
and put my face on you is that what
that's me and you we had to stop and get
Clifford some juice man he's thirsty God
drinks a lot honey
our trucks got a drinking Wow see they
uh say Clifford quit drinking so much
dude we got places to go people to see
places to be Dave Clifford needed you
and me yeah I mean came a little sleepy
you a little sleepy you'll never admit
it ever if you could talk in your sleep
you'd say you want to sleep really
I love you got that Sun shinin know me
hey don't you take your coat off for
dude it's a windy day but it's sunny huh
look at some flowers yeah I love it man
we got people all over ya do we need
some flowers at the house you guys know
I like flowers probably more than Britt
does you know whatever I want her to see
a bad tree all those big flowery trees
see the thing that stinks
about Ohio is that like flowers the last
long outside and the pretty trees that
bloom all the flowers they don't last
long you only get like a couple weeks
before they turn into just sticks again
so we take advantage of it they like you
let's hit a wall all right here we go
look it shows bright white that's what I
want natural daylight that looks that
looks more oh yeah
hey I don't know I'm so tired of having
a yellow living room like I know that
sounds ridiculous but I want my house
looked like a mall like white like white
white like this cuz even you guys notice
the vlogs are always yellow oh no it's
not a very good look here we gotta look
at these
Oh lots of 22 years
so pays for itself okay and I can't
imagine a day without you dude
you are just my highlight you so silly
all the time matter where we go these
other things we're always looking at
ways to improve our home but we're the
most indecisive human beings on the
planet we can never decide on anything
ever what do you mean it's my fault
it's your fault your mind what I do I
don't even think so come here let's see
is it gonna fit which one do you honor I
did tough decisions concert Oh racecar
good call
yeah don't you don't use the door did
I'm kidding what is this thing it's like
a train racecar
Oh Batmobile looking thing kind of about
Oh
you know it's better in the batmobile
gets boring you didn't even take your
whole ride first day of school first day
of school
let me see well that that's gonna be so
good it's gonna be really good tomorrow
after eat my Chinese that I picked up
I'm sorry I said it's so good
Kane has been dying to get a tank top a
tank top and her smile more tank tops
don't fit him there's little too big so
he finally found two tank tops tonight
I've never seen him so excited he loved
it
you look yeah it fits you really good
did how you can show off your muscles ah
this now do it squeeze there you go
nobody talk to me I'm super busy this is
my time my time should I try a little
piece again yeah oh it's it's it's
heaven on earth choice it's to go so
it's gonna be a little mushy but you
just gotta eat the thing yeah I was a
2-part I'm not normal right now so
Brittany slaved over this chili since
last night but I didn't show you guys in
the vlog is this morning when I woke up
I took a bunch of that chili and I put
it in my eggs and potatoes and I made
like a big burrito out of it so I
actually already had it today that's why
I don't want a time it's hard to pry me
away from some Chinese food
alright is it just me or is there
McDonald's french fry in my order what
that is a fret McDonald's french fry and
my Chinese Mimi no it's not
that's a french fry in my crab rangoon
that's a French fry all right
not a french fry get my Chinese food can
you've turned this living room into your
toy box what we're gonna do with you did
all right guys this is gonna be the
shortest vlog in a long time but I'm
gonna end it now I got stuff to do doo
doo doo I got a doo doo and um things
that I got to wrap up important stuff
that being said hey do you know we're
about that six million subs on the prank
I didn't know that that's freaking
insane please please please I know you
guys always share your love but go go
pound the prank channel for me do
anything you can let's get this thing
over six mil and to celebrate I got a
really awesome prank lined up for this
weekend so hopefully it will go up
Sunday on Sunday what you know what
prank it isn't a saying on the floor you
crazy
oh my god no nope you're all good safe
in this house just super excited about
the prank channel right now six mil is
like I mean if somebody woulda came to
me and told me I'd have six million
subscribers on a YouTube channel
three years ago I would have just
laughed so hard at them so uh if I can
do it anybody can do it we love you guys
thanks for the support in the family and
watching the vlog star this one's so
short but we'll get you to mom we love
you don't forget to smile more oh my god
it's so terrible
