good morning mr. rain I'm ready to go to
school dude that's so early I feel like
a zombie right now and this is why it
rains my friends look at him pretty
flowers what did you just outright just
happen
and she said so we just
Poorna it just told me now you just told
me right now half of this cooler there
is no sir
I think you just pranking it's what you
did you got my butt up I know I can't
believe this
Wow more hangout time I can't believe
this Lots a nice surprise actually
do some breakfast here start with some
potatoes morning we hit the record
button when you smacked us you hungry
let's get some eggs in there eggs look
at that plate of potatoes and eggs can't
Noah do you want cheese on yours I'm
just gonna mix mine all up in Apple's
okay all right you don't like the skin
yeah we'll eat it like uh hold it like
this
yeah hold the skin and just eat the
apple how's your eggs potatoes this is
the secret Noah I hear not too bad I
only took one bite for Noah to fall in
love young man you okay what are you
doing here looking for crafts you can
trace all right hey we'll be back okay I
love you yeah you're out of here for
good downtown Columbus baby what's up
I've seen you for a long time been
downtown for a while it feels like well
that's really pretty right now
get them wet movie roads you guys know
they wet the roads and movies you ever
notice that at night if you ever watch a
movie at night the roads are always wet
they wet them that makes it look
prettier shiny all right so you guys
know I took Noah back he's gonna be gone
til Friday with his mother
speaking of which you know you guys
she's taking me to court May 5th I told
you guys this in the vlog try to rip
some money on my pockets anyways I think
some things should be addressed you know
like this is just my feelings on it if
if a woman cheats on a man cheats on a
man especially when you have a kid
that's just me I don't know it just
seems so much worse when you have a kid
like a family you should be able to get
nothing you shouldn't get man like
that that's just like and and I think it
should be exactly the same for if a man
cheats on a woman husband cheats on a
wife
why are you expecting to get something
why you expecting to get something out
of that like that I would be like I
would be embarrassed to the maximum to
walk up to a lawyer and say hey I
cheated on my husband and now it's been
a lot of time and he's got money now so
I want money from him I would be so
embarrassed
dude like like bottom of the food chain
type human anyway I'm not I'm not trying
to rant to you guys or vent at all but
but I think we are living in a society
where something's backwards where we're
almost promoting people to do bad like
it's just a little backwards to me like
guys be good people be good people man
because you know what how much no matter
how much money she takes no matter what
happens I'm still being a good person
and I don't want what's on that type of
person's shoulders I don't I don't even
for me to judge that's not even that's a
dark place that I never want to be I
always want to be good I want you guys
to be good people be good man you always
feel better nothing to hide you just
feel good man look at the sunshine every
is great but it is a little bit baby the
world is a little backwards guys and no
matter what just roll with the punches
it's not gonna make or break you the
fact that I can support multiple
families now that's great that's great I
should be happy about that you know I
can't think of one I can't think of one
type of person that's worse than a
cheater though that's a thief a thief is
to me the worst hate these men these
hate thieves but if you're both you're a
cheater and a thief Wow I'm not for the
bellyache and boys let's let's continue
our beautiful day I love it happy
alright guys I didn't take the camera in
there that would just be a little effed
up but I am a happy baby look at this
this is Ohio right here sunny on one
side look at that difference
crazy I am in such a good freakin mood I
got goosebumps guys I got chills I'm so
happy
who's ready to party hi buddy
hi mommy you bleached out you can't hurt
your knees now oh you just want to go
the ball pit yeah I know let's go
try to jump all the way to the boogie
board side slippery
oh my god good you got killed me up
there monster oh my favorite we're about
to kill some pizzas up hey hey beautiful
how's my girl are you doing he thinks
I'm a pinata and I'm gonna pour candy
out when he breaks me every want to do
this picture for so many days
it sucks Duke's I need a nice sunny day
but it's so nasty and cloudy but I'm
gonna try it anyway I'm impatient it's
kind of cool though the weather all
right guys that was a lot of freaking
work if you want to see it I'm not even
a I'm not even gonna try to sway myself
right now I'm letting me try to explain
what I just did
hi so you guys know I put a lot I try to
put some thinking and thought into my
Instagram pictures I don't just do
selfies or things like that this one
required me to get all my vehicles out
everything except for the white car and
it's a funny picture it's like I don't
know you've already seen it probably on
Instagram but check it out of ya oh of
course you're blurry of caught maybe
it's just you maybe I can't get a solid
image ah hang on hang on
there we go that's better
no it's Monday what am I talking about
I'm out of it I spent so much time on
that stupid picture and I didn't vlog
hardly at all but it's all good I'm
ready for some tacos I'm doing hard ones
you're like yours hurt us off okay so we
got into a heated debate on pineapples
my buddy Todd told me that the secret is
to cut the top off and flip it upside
down for three days that's the secret
I can't wait three days I want this
thing now like how long do we got away
we haven't flipped it upside down
is it true if you guys remember that I
feel like it's a myth but I don't know
it'd be worth a try because I've been
waiting how many days ago do we buy this
thing I don't know I guess you have to
take the top off because it seeps in at
the top I have no idea I don't know what
I'm talking about can you marry you
actually eating dinner let me see are
you beating everybody like mommies clean
plate or she gets dessert
Veronica's clean plate her oh oh yes
that was a Noah that was a no answer yes
the rest of the world eats this because
this was a classic drawing up for you
babe perfect that perfect more for me
you guys probably like this anyway this
is just go angel food cake I don't know
if it's a u.s. thing or robot thing but
what else do you put in the strawberries
and whipped cream yeah my dad always
flooded his with no it was like it was
like soup I was like soup yeah we don't
so you just put the angel food cake in
cut up some strawberries
that's your excuse to eat it because
it's healthy it's good for you and then
you put what payment how much I looks
good to me I don't really like much
whipped cream you crazy with that thing
you're making dinner for tomorrow Cana
is gonna play some Mario Kart right yeah
let's do it
so our TVs been moved down here we kind
of like just won't loop it back upstairs
yeah you know help me yeah let's hook it
up let's go get up and play let's go get
up let's hook it up you play come on now
hook it up pull pull hook it up and play
play
you ready to go down clown yeah let's
battle it out oh yeah oh yeah I just
beat your butt alright mommy you have
been cutting peppers and onions first
hour oh look at that bowl it's gonna be
like the biggest bowl of chili ever
check him out starfish is out look how
fast he moves my glass is so dirty guys
what you want to see to here alright I
decide who's your favorite this Doria
Nemo Nemo is pretty cool Nemo Nemo Nemo
forget my reef is growing so thick
flourishing
yeah it's about my glass hasn't been
clean for a few days this is what
happens you can't get your blankets
honey come here you already got what you
think is a flying squirrel in the house
i citizens ridiculously funny thing
going around right now I know you've
probably seen it's that lip sucking
thing were you the Kendall or Kylie yeah
well anyway you like put your mouth
around a glass that makes your lips go
real plump and big we're gonna do it
right now
well yeah shot glass order alright oh my
god how long do you do it
wait let's do doubles we'll both there
at the same time have another shot
oh my god thank you gonna put your lips
not your own mouth
yeah hurts so bad yours I can't get the
word Oh hurts so much
how are they doing that it just hurts my
god I'll never be able to get you the
same
your bottom lip is huge one sucks you
didn't tear as long it out I can't get
this door oh my god my lips are so huge
Oh
oh my god scratch your lip with your
tongue with your teeth oh it doesn't it
looks like a whole different you you
look
Oh ridiculous
this would be the best thing to do
listen listen for all our viewers
imagine if you get invited to anybody's
dinner or anything you just sneak off
for 30 seconds didn't say you're having
a reaction look yeah yeah you'd freak
everybody that's a great prank it hurts
that doesn't feel good all right
we did it we did with the rest of the
world is tweeting about all right guys
that is gonna conclude our evening we
are gonna call it a night gonna edit
this vlog get ready for tomorrow thank
you guys for everything oh I was gonna
announce something big today about
what's coming up about what's coming up
odd I got a hold off because I don't
want there's been things where I say it
and then ever I still talking funny my
lips all weird I want to wait until
tomorrow make sure it's gonna happen or
even the day after but uh no biggie no
biggie
we will see you tomorrow thanks for the
love all the likes on these vlogs are
you doing it again you'd like them big
pouty lips no I think something's wrong
all right guys we will see you as always
tomorrow
we love you thanks again don't forget
smile more
you see that boy at South floor gets
clean
that's it kita scrubbing boy let me chef
is done by morning
