oh there you go all right everybody in
everybody in it's adventure time here we
go here we go we're gonna have a fun day
so what's up my friends we are off and
about today it's a beautiful day it's
good it's gonna be one of the nicest
days yet this year for us this is it 77
77 it's beautiful perfect not too hot
not too cold it's perfect got our little
monsters or the sniff we are uh what is
he drinking honey you smuggling drinks
in here boy that literally looks like
Grand Theft Auto I got his helmet under
bike sitting out there it's everything's
legit me I don't know where we are
really lost right actually we're headed
out to my parents property today just to
make the most out of this day man like
no video games no mood like we're going
out we're gonna have fun I brought all
kinds of toys and I'm the bad guy today
because no video games huh
hey hey whoa what's going on here this
smells good
all this give me nachos gonna be nachos
in third holy cow what a trip get here
here he wants to sleep in this room
Ocala oh yeah dude I love this house
I know this is so cool good I love it
it's so pretty it's cool it's like
custom it's a custom faded this is great
man hey Michael Jackson with his gloves
okay you gonna be a little MJ boy you
gonna be a little MJ so this is so nice
this is a awesome little farm house that
my parents have been working on for ever
I mean it's been a long time now but
it's really coming together it's
unbelievable so exciting upstairs was
maybe like lockable you couldn't even
come up here I guess before yeah no
exactly it's been completely redone
don't worry about what you're eating
she knows Brit nachos with Doritos - I
never seen that amber meat shows up Rick
Rick out in Vegas he taught you how to
do that this genius idea Doritos it's so
good okay okay all right
Oh No so we've all finished up eating
we're gonna start our day with a little
trail hike we're in the middle of
nowhere right there Wow Bigfoot monster
my dad cut all the kids up some walking
sticks great idea
three panes my walking stick
oh man my sweaters hooked on thorns yeah
he could sleep under there what really
okay so he just climbed up this part out
with Kane just me Keenan grandma if it's
like straight up climbing of leaves and
rocks
I cannot live hangout up that good job
your other boot yeah I got some flesh
here comes daddy to save the day Oh
house a long long walk with kids up
hills ride will be nice hi Noah
I know gets to dad okay
hey does the fire have to be though that
would be a certain look Noah's been
challenged by Papa listen no is it no
was in a plane crash and so all he has
is a Bic lighter on him and he has to
start a fire all himself no help should
be easy this would this would search
right out got everything going for him
right here some teeth he finds he finds
the old basing ham from the last crash
and so he's inspired to get his uh oh
and by the way the Indian Bluff Pima
teaching you got a teepee and a band a
pit but he does have to start the fire
all by himself so here we go wow this is
awesome now what I could have this bag
you could have that sign I could have
this side oh that's a great idea this is
cool I never seen a tent like this a
tent pit TP t Tempe I'm not gonna help
you at all you're on your own dude
that's what I got guns he do got guns
we're going to uh we're gonna blow some
stuff up I'll know it tries to start his
fire well grab that what car do you want
me to grab oh what's that
you hiding it y'all know it's doing come
on what you want to do is you want to
build your actual fire on top of your
kindling so that once this starts
rolling yeah that's what you want to do
see because if you had wood up above
right now it would start it would start
cooking it we are in the very beautiful
no man's land that's what I'm calling it
today because it's the middle of nowhere
but we brought some fun little guys
to play around with entertain you guys
and of course entertain us these are
awesome targets I love that and just get
it to stay there we go shoot it the
little shiny targets for a minute just
get the feel for it yeah try to hit a
bottle you got to blow them up
of course one hits gonna knock that one
over it's barely on there just shoot it
so you feel the gun it was like Laura
Croft right now yeah and for the green
bottle that's a good one for it upper
right yeah that's a problem oh you're
right I think you got it yeah I saw it
move yeah you brought some of my
favorite weapons today you ready to
shoot this umm now we are uh my mom's
taking the kids inside for the bigger
weapons and the bigger explosions we I
mean have one go off yet you hit them
you're hitting on they're just not
blowing that'll be awesome
does she nailed that thing please
that's a rad holy crap
Wow yeah with that you don't even hear
it you're gonna hear it yeah it kind of
takes a cush out what you want go for
that one because I can get it all in one
wow these are really definitely what you
can't really hardly get this one okay I
couldn't hardly hear it go off that's
what I said after there's this booth
that's a get treated a bobble knows
we're loud Brittany's got her ear buds
in Sean you know I'm talking about it
right now
what nothing what are you shooting that
little low girl hit the head hmm
I've never seen the shells go backwards
like that usually they fly out sideways
uh-uh I know I don't worry about their
snakes under there well come on let's
say hello you go check there's nothing
under there it's the real MVP so that's
how you doing
yeah it's heavy it is heavy just put
that red dot right on your target yeah
there you go
Safety's on your hot hit it I saw it all
right piercing right through them things
that's it
you check hold that you can always check
just to be sure no bullets I would
follow up in the vlog that NOAA
officially created his own fire very
good dude even with just the lighter
that's it that's a big step he's been on
training on that I think he's been
taught three steps and the next test was
he had to start his own and he did so I
feel pretty confident being stranded on
some type of tropical resort with you
he's an ace in metal detecting that now
we're having so much fun today man it's
a nice getaway I don't know but that
sounds like a diamond ring to me
what was it car oh man that's cool it's
deep Oh piece of aluminum I was a dead
Popcaan right there let's count our
earnings guys we got some rose tabs real
metal not these little paper ones they
make now old aluminum a door an old door
hinge old some type of sure I don't know
what this is an old bottle
two cars and the bottle opener it's not
bad it's a good attempt well we have
burped up a day very quickly here
very good yep fun I was awesome you got
used to got some fire markings is that
just your survival markings I'm pretty
sure the kids will travel it out here
just that I remember okay that was calm
no was just tricking you he's coming
with us he loves you know what isn't it
awesome you so loved
all right we just warped home I can't
believe you didn't fall asleep did you
fall asleep because your iPad that's why
yeah we kind of warped home skip that
road trip part of the vlog or B I think
we've officially warned everybody out
which is good feels good lane but now
huh then another night's really I feel
like uh one of them uh monkeys at the
zoo we're always checking each other
checking node for ticks ticks ticks
ticks ticks
all right guys we're out we're out I'm
going to end this vlog and edit it so I
can finally go to sleep I'm pretty tired
tonight it was a long drive and kids are
in bed I think even Brits in bed I'm
gonna do what I do
edit and then go to sleep we love you
guys thanks for coming along and showing
your support to my family and I we love
you we love bringing you along and if
you had a freaking fantastic day don't
forget to smile more you're awesome
force it in her mouth mom push it in
there all right don't be big sis now go
slow
