no guys welcome to the vlog hope you're
having a great day in Austin Daye our
days a little like even I mean you know
let me just pull over for today's been a
little bit of not just a real day I
would say it's a real day right what do
you mean we've been kind of back and
forth all day like bickering like so
we've just been like back I'll tell you
what happened Brittany wanted to go to
the Arnold part home fitness that's
happening here in Columbus Ohio
we had no we had plans to go get our own
story for all week and a half we've had
plans that me and you are going
we did we did have plans and then today
I woke up and I just didn't want to go I
was like I just don't want to go so that
led to her being very upset that I
didn't want to go to this and then I got
upset she did she had a sitter to go
like meet him after and like everything
and it just and I just I don't know I
just it this window it was right out uh
and I feel really bad and I just had no
like I know part of me wanted to go do
this today for some weight whatever
reason I don't know why I want to come
out with you right now just come out of
my ear
um so we've been just back and forth
it's not even that like just back and
forth County all day like bickering at
each other like just little reasons I
really let you down today you did not
really the thing is if I make plans it's
like you don't want to go
we don't go I don't wanna go I still go
like every time yeah like last week me
and the girls had plans to go watch
movie
and you filmed until I think I was like
you eat something are you finally going
to go time now my plans got ruined
whatever we're out right now let's mate
how can I make it let me make up for it
I already have a sitter for a different
day that I'm gonna go that's right I
still love you like I still am in love
with you maybe that's the problem
maybe that's why your way with these
things I know you love me oh my god
welcome to the guys bringing you on the
real journey today I'm gonna I don't
know you hungry
take you to death on me okay so we're
gonna grow some food hey yeah but the
thing is I've never been to the Arnold
Classic and I've always wanted to go and
you're like oh it's so lame it's so dumb
it's I didn't say maybe I'm afraid
you're gonna fall in love with one of
these big macho macho 'he's all right
all jokes aside I was excited because it
gets good side yeah it's just not you
know if it had been like an Nitro Circus
or like Zusi let's go before this gets
any deeper touch your knees by the way I
was a good doctor last night what oh my
god I put that special band-aid on there
no it is absolutely it's very cold here
but it's beautiful sun's out minimal
cloud coverage hey guys it's a
meteorologist here Roman Atwood ooh I'm
gonna fill you in
again in five minutes because it's gonna
change yeah what like kings school like
he has to put like the weather it has
like two options like an Ohio thing that
you can just put on like all the things
and everything in one Brittany she pick
Mexican only invest my girl you know
whatever you want whatever you want this
is all about you every day all day
by the way can I interest you in a Vista
shown in beige metallic look at a happy
family how about a love barren crazy how
much cars have change like this is an ad
like for this new family called charger
that's the one
okay I'll get you one what do you wanna
do after this like what's the plan I
want to do I just know you love that
stores it's about you Thank You Man you
know I just realized look really bad
today I look bad because it's like I'm
like just all these chips oh wow I can
think of at least 1000 times that I
wanted to do something you didn't and we
didn't do it okay I mean not this second
I can't think of it right now but
there's definitely times it's not always
me who would do that
who would do that yeah but probably
bumped off of it are you serious you
can't see the mark I would somebody let
a car just roll into somebody's car what
Cartman has my shopping cart ma okay
let's make our own perfect night not to
me Oh
mmm weird even start word even I've seen
some of these things before Holy Smoke
like I haven't been an ice cream
popsicle aisle for a very long time
probably a solid year I've not seen ice
cream popsicles
yeah well let me guess if you could have
one thing the whole thing what would it
be
this is how well I know you what you
have to pee okay well she already told
me she wanted Matt drumsticks but I
already knew that do you have to tell me
the second pick would be like ice cream
or or would it be popsicles
ah second pick pizza third pick pizza I
would say chocolate-chip cookie dough
ice cream yeah yeah anything coconut
love love coke and everything coconuts
like okay ice cream chocolate stop we're
good on that what else makes for a
perfect date Oh what's the perfect date
night what is it topping chocolate
donuts chips like snacks chips mmm it's
right there no this place makes it
really difficult to make adult decisions
you see I love salt and vinegar chips
those are my favorite chips but I have
to stay away from I'm not allowed to
have on this it's kind of true this salt
is like I don't know what it is but it's
like dehydrating me and that's kind of
why I'm throwing my back out so bad I
mean that's that's the theory not been
proven my scientists but it could be it
but the doctor didn't say you can't have
salt and vinegar chips it's just
something I'm trying not to do okay the
decisions okay pretty modest regular
chips with some chip dip popcorn and ice
cream that's that's modest that's pretty
light gummy bears warping home are you
sleepy now she's fighting it yeah I see
you I see you nine nine she's honestly
what you don't and look at this in here
who's doing is that hey hey I love you
guys noticed but I'm home came I'm home
how was your guys's night Kim party came
tonight Jane how was your night
you can only ignore me for so long boy
Bora how was your night princess
you look so sleepy you got red cheeks
pain this is how I used to put you to
sleep right here I just touch the
blanket to your face and you just pass
out she doesn't have that effect just
want to see what we got
look at these look at these right yeah I
know now you're not ignoring me you want
some of this right but here's the thing
all right yeah check this out check this
out dude this is next-level yeah it's
like one you want one one for you one
for you I don't know never had oh that's
the funniest see it's big to you it's
pretty much Jean I mean here's the thing
though do you eat the whole strip or do
you just eat one that's here's your
snack or was it like the whole trays
like here's your snacks you got
something on your stash girl yet and
we're just going to pretend like I was
just finishing a sentence we are there
just touch your knee I'm the worst
you're asking for thanks buddy I love
you there yeah
alright guys every part of you is hurt I
can't touch I got a lot of making up to
do I feel like I'm gonna make it happen
we're about to bust some ice cream out
we're about to bust the movies out and
you're gonna forget all about that one
time that I disappointed you okay all
right we all got things we need to work
on us as better human beings you know
you still love me though right a lot
yeah mostly much yeah me too much -
we'll see you guys tomorrow
hey got the gang up homie too much I
feel I got through myself one of the bus
with this vlog it's really it's just
real light that's a real double chin -
oh God from here up from here thank you
God
he saw her today yeah brother just do
fun exciting stuff and then talk about
how bad I am in real life weren't bad it
was just a little disappointing that's
all well we all disappoint at some point
oh gotta go love you guys so much thanks
for everything you're beautiful you're
one of a kind and for all of those that
disappointed the ones you love today
you
