welcome to the vlog guys welcome back to
the beautiful look at that tree now look
at that tree why can't we have trees
like that at home just one I'll be happy
with that tree put in your luggage hope
you guys are having welcome welcome
let's go Oh on it you on it so we are
going on an adventure today check out
this beach look at this place man it's
mesmerizing I could sit here all day
I'm not gonna lie I could sit in that
chair all day there would be no vlog but
I could sit in that chair all day oh
we've been snorkeling man we're going
hot you know where we're going today
Al's hole you been yeah come on the
locals don't do it though come on like
jumping off my things yeah you do well
you should go meet my friend be gonna
kayak gonna see it you're gonna have a
little fun addenda see there you go
you're gonna have fun it's a beautiful
place you're back here you live we're on
vacation remember that just like I said
we're going on adventure today none of
the girls want to go this is gonna be
like a boy's trip they're all chickening
out on it I think they could do it but
they just don't want to do it all so
small more stories 20% off your entire
order now through Monday for Black
Friday Cyber Monday so go to smile more
top link in my description Roman Atwood
calm everything smile more related 20%
off guys go get it used code Black
Friday 2017 Dale and Jeff's little day
on Jess big Dale and Conrad guys ready
to leave I'm ready
you're not going oh yeah you're going to
dinner all right he's going sailing he's
got bigger fish to fry
Eddie's ladies last call last chance you
diving in the hole no Bubba come on you
get Philly cheesesteak anywhere you want
to jump in a hole my ladies
love yeah I didn't even see him over
there so you getting comfortable man
just doing his own thing : what's up bud
there's my little water bug mosquito
sandcrawler
there's no cool stuff it's in our room I
will get it but I'm leaving them I'm
walking out right now a monster truck
man I love you
I'll be back I'm gonna go jump in that
giant hole you need it to you're
freezing I never hurt myself
you're not going come on calling you're
not going okay that's fine is everyone
scared of this whole me and no it did it
before you know things are getting
serious with country puts the toe shoes
on you know what go on I feel
something's happening anyway you said
something about big okay I said I'm
ready okay
can't prepare for this mister gear mr.
Gillie gear ready got the drum this is
gonna be a cool shot man super cool you
bring your blades yeah let's do it
so over here looking for chief Reynolds
they got Jeet like that's the Jeep we
want to rent I think we need to though
we're gonna need more than one but we
can't help notice this guy that's a good
reminder kind of keep left they drive on
the opposite side the road for us so
it's gonna be really weird driving
change of plans we are gonna take a van
man is this gonna make it down that
trail so last time we came to this
location there was a very long trail
that you have to take to get to it I'm
seriously worried about like an advance
it's gonna be like
yo good think you putting shoes on you
can push this bus out of the ditch I'm
so glad you're driving I'd be on that
side of the road messing everything up
this van would look like in a Rubik's
Cube let me see your water let's see
that's what you brought let me see your
water we see your water well we're gonna
test that suspension out today Terrell
yo is this the right way you feeling
confident
we don't know where I've run back I'm
waiting for Scarecrow to say some people
go both ways right left
oh jeez see it we took the wrong turn
we're still 22 minutes out
that's pretty far it's right on the
shore no no that's asshole right there
Al's hole right there on the side we're
getting close Terrell I like your
commitment man I like your commitment
this is legit off-road and I have a one
look at this hole real quick you're not
gonna jump I don't know yet haven't seen
it
oh I got a gauge my risk factor on I say
I know it's done it man you know the
hard part is we got to go and reverse
all the way back yeah this this is an
amazing trick did it did it we made it
so now you just like this crazy awesome
trail that is I guess it's a trail it's
the only spot you can walk through I
can't imagine showing up on an island
for the first time and having to go
through there so this is it this is our
trail bring your fishing pole yep I
showed this last time look at this look
at that look at that imagine hiking this
the first time ever and you just come
across a hole in the earth and it said
jump in that there we go yo what'd you
think of that blood what'd you think big
man I'm sayin what did you talk me into
I don't think video has done any justice
unless you
actually here singing oh that's
beautiful
ain't no turning back Gilly Gill you
came all this way you got to commit yeah
no one I came here last time none of
this was here there was no poles or
rails and we would actually jump right
here and now you just jump I guess right
here yo that's beautiful man I can't
wait to get the drone up in the air you
like telling you it was worth this trip
it's beautiful
this is like rock paper scissors barn
you ready he's like let me just get a
picture you going that side good jump
jump towards the ladder the Brian you
see where I'm talking about though
towards the towards left your right of
the ladder you see them giant rocks down
there you want to come right in the
middle
hasta LaVista baby yeah you like it
good job you didn't even hesitate it's
like kind of deep oh it's super deep
yeah it's super cool down there
that is amazing like first of all it's a
hole in the earth what more do you want
and just freefall but that split second
country or cellphones no communication
with the world you're in a split second
of just disappearance feels refreshing
it's amazing blowing with snot country
waits for me to finish he's like always
looking I would say it's just one of the
things once you do it you feel amazing
you're like Vlad I did it it's gonna do
it yeah come on sea dog you're looking
good a fair man look like it's your
whole this when you enter you'll come
out through the pond at my house you
know where we all been jumping right you
want a piggyback ride me we go clear
that water all right - cannonball he
stops it - it's nervous de la vie you
got the only one with shoes on just in
front of the ladder anywhere in front of
ladder behind it doesn't matter yeah I'm
like oh I'm not gonna push you know what
it feel like sore but you did a straight
backs good there's no more tattoos
but what everybody's thinking because we
were here before and I saw the comments
like it's not much of a jump but I'm
telling you the camera like I can't
figure out how to make it look as big as
it is the GoPro helps a little bit it
shows its size but it's pretty tall at
least for us that don't you know we're
not used to jumping into kaze whoa-oh
something touch the pole you ready I'm
jumping with you 1 2 3 jump 1 2
Ejim is without a ladder there are zero
ways to get out there is no way to get
out now supposedly this hole is a cave
system that goes all the way to the
ocean
you can apparently get to the ocean good
how was it this is amazing beautiful
amazing all I need to know is I'm go
home getting a hot tub 14 to leave right
now you gave me the spanking no you
going again
this boy how many tongues like 10 drops
I love it
you'd be the last one I'm ready when you
are y'all making like y'all you're
looking a little dry very dry finish is
all I mean I go down there you only here
one time ever you know I got dropped
dude I saw it looks amazing it looks
like really cool right now it's Gil and
Terrell great job my man that was
amazing dude remember last time we were
here you were like the last one to go
you were so scared now you're just
killing it I want to live so bad where
there's things like this like it just
makes me happy like these plants that I
don't know what it is like the palm
trees you guys know I love palm trees
this baby trying to grow out here so we
did it we did the whole Noah I'm so
proud of you dude I remember last time
we were here one time with me you're
scared to death and now you just kept
jumping couldn't get him out of things I
want to go one more one more one more
one more powder you man that's amazing
all out here trying to capture just what
this looks like here it's alright your
camera looks better it's beautiful don't
do justice up and bust I'll make my own
transition thrills the man taking this
this trail and hanging out with us Thank
You Man still can't leave you didn't
jump you joined the guild club oh no no
no I'm with Jeremy I'm jumping just not
today
we're doing this we're really doing this
only the best for my boys after a hard
day of swimming you know super proud of
you today bro all I can say is I didn't
jump but I bet you got them drone shots
all right so you always have to remember
like I'm sitting there like man I wish
chase would go but I'm like who is gonna
get them drone shots I mean that's a
great point but on the other side I'm
super jealous I let fear win you don't
ever let fear win well it's debatable in
most cases I mean let's go back to that
great great great time I hope you guys
been enjoying these Bahama blogs they're
just so you won't be desert country
country can barely walk he's your buddy
every time you put them toe shoes on
something happens it's like a party
going on in here
hi baby huh there I am there I am where
are you you know uh we got lost in the
Whopper juniors hey look at you guys
distracted by technology I swear usually
they come running to me in open arms
hugging me I think I don't know what's
going on right now but usually it's love
in this house like hey you rake it out
my finger my baby girl
cool rod you want to blog you want to
blog yes I do you want to vlog you gotta
hold it okay weirdly warping into our
room which is literally exactly the same
but we're now here hanging out and the
kids were playing juice off chakra how
was your day how was your day it was
good
yeah well I'm took or for a while in the
morning so I got to you know do my own
thing and then after cool a boob and
little lies it came down into naps here
yeah you did
place looks good
great laundry can get some clean clothes
I love my day you know yeah it's rough
rough out there why Cory applying just
and came back hey let him just let her
scream it Kane oh yeah see hi Claire who
is that girl
that caters crazy Kane so my dad no
actually this came about on our trip to
Hawaii when some one of you brought us
some paint-by-number paintings dad
hadn't painted in 20 years
Hawaiian girl who gosh I wish I knew
drop those off maybe she'll let you know
well other people to let me know that
they just bought us basically a
paint-by-number and gave it to you and
no one did it in Hawaii so when I was a
kid my dad painted all the time and then
he quit for 20 years and when we went to
white what have you dropped off some
little kid paintings my dad took him
instead of the kids and started painting
well since then he has been painting
like a mad mad mad mad man so I just
walked in here and he's wrapping up he's
just painted this is it's done that's
close I'm just highlighting a jungle
stream yeah brightening up where the
light hits things you see some that
you've been painting look at his stack
of paintings okay every day he's not a
painting since we've been here so
they're all Bahama themed and they're
all things I kind of saw here this one's
amazing my little Bahama beach bungalow
theme it's beautiful this was just a
really high colored whoo beach scene but
I really like it I love it yeah
it's pretty traditional yeah this one is
oh I like that one this is Bahamas
heavens entrance
it looks like triple palm that's what I
call it triple palm triple triple Palm
Beach just trees the tree out in front
of the hotel and these three are the
three trees over here I just hey yellow
hooligans I love you you've ever been in
the Bahama jungles their jungles are
pine trees yeah that's behind Rock palm
trees or pine trees this one's called
the Bahama traffic-jam Bahama
traffic-jam
the Bahama traffic jam whoa what's going
on over here and then this guy that was
my warm-up painting is the first one I
did here what are you doing boy hot dogs
so yeah this has been highly inspired by
one of you got my dad painting again
we're all thankful that he is painting
because one of these hopefully is gonna
live inside my house she got a big one
big like the size of that I'm waiting
yeah and Noah's been working on one
we'll show them when you're done well so
when you're done well hello princess
so the Bahama collection is what you're
saying is about to come out yeah when we
get back we'll put the Bahama collection
up thirty-six paintings oh my gosh about
my hopefully ten paintings keep up the
great works pops all right I can't wait
to hang them up I can't wait to hang
them up Thanks
thanks son we all rather just leave with
my mom and dad's place we're gonna go
into mine I guess we're gonna play some
games maybe hang out
little easy everyone's tired and sore
countries took lunch I had built for his
Becca I'm so surprised I'm so sorry
we're gonna end the vlog right here
we're gonna hang out play game here at
the table and just wrap up our night
hope you enjoyed today thanks for coming
along on this bahama trip it has been
amazing and we will see you tomorrow
everybody else to say it together you
are you are good job guys
you
