come on yeah yeah yeah yeah big second
rod
Oh
what's up my awesome friends we are
going to escape real life a little bit
today and go to the zoo matter we're
gonna have so much fun day what do you
want to see a monkey you want to see a
chicken but I think the zoo is great for
everybody I'm just as excited as excited
yesterday thinking about it hey my mom
just surprised us here she texts us
she's like you see Nico and I was trying
to figure out where we're at how are you
good are you see yeah yeah I didn't get
to see you all week so I thought I'll
just kind of stop that's it heavy gear
feel Azir that doggies Birkin dude he's
coming to get us Kane
look at that big guy big guy come on man
get up get up
can you want to cuddle up with him you
want him to come cuddle with his big
Paul on your head bears bears everywhere
he's entertaining you said that the
Eagle doesn't get its white head until
about five years old I didn't know that
it's pretty cool American beaver beavers
are the second only to humans and their
ability to change their environment I'll
just sleep in this elephant that I think
not a hundred percent sure but Brittany
thinks it's this elephant and she was
actually here when it was born 2009
here's one of my favorite animals ever
yeah look at this thing look at that
animal
I just think about Donkey Kong Country
we could chop on a rhino and run through
the level okay taking off alright thanks
for stopping by yeah we love ya feel so
good out today my mom had to take off
but it was really nice of her to come
surprises she can only stay for like 30
minutes but it was still fun I also
think that I've been places before where
I see parents pushing their kids in
strollers like big kids I'm like man
that kid is too big to be in a store I'm
kind of having that thought with Caine
right now are you carrying through the
whole
he's only good plug an hour and then end
up carrying on
that's three year old life though I
would want period money
yeah these are so cool what gets Kanan
Ella these give you the EB jeebies I
like this heart this wings open hooks
aren't they yeah
he's shooting a machine gun he's
shooting his machine gun
I'm gonna cut a lot whatever it
it looks like it's smashed by the pillar
so use the people they don't even see
you like he just looks right past us
beautiful absolutely beautiful
unbelievable
padam came
oh you got on that one come on boy yeah
yeah yeah yeah it's a crowd
oh hey silly daddy are you on the baby
one like him what if he just started
going what would you do you hold on okay
you like that right actually the ones in
the back you see the bigger one on the
back you got those and we're getting
ready to get the other one this this is
what I want
we this oh my gosh
I love the aquarium salt water animals
really you want to do it might as well
hop on in little boogie we're gonna fit
he's $200 yeah you saw those pictures
use the up and down buttons to position
yourself on the screen that press okay
chicken sitting all the way down here
ranking up here okay ready and then we
look down here at this camera with this
camera
okay it's gonna do more okay yeah three
day a to one what do you guys think that
one's just a good family picture this
one's funny cane sticking his tongue out
let's see it good let me see that's us
right there bunch of goofballs I can't
see this is next-level aquarium's right
here
now time you get moving boy push your
own crap lucked out on this weather
that's been so nice today good day to go
good call a good call
this is all your idea yep Keynes finally
burning some energy are you post / first
pusher first pusher first person to try
to say that five times that first pusher
purse purse purse purse room you plan on
Wally that Wally the walrus this is a
manatee well it is what I want it to be
I don't know about that I think this is
a walrus I think you're losing your mind
yeah whatever you can see where all the
kids boogers have eaten away at the
copper I'm just kidding
King look at this look at this guy oh my
gosh
it's like King Bowser right there cuz as
Bowser did they're so fast they can
barely fill them holy cow mommy trying
to scare you and did kindly kind of
looked real from back there but I've
been I've been fooled by a thing before
what's he called
he's a zebra but the zebra legs - what
is he actually called what do you think
of that peanut butter and jelly face
let's get a good shot
the emperor penguins big what's the
smallest little blue is the smallest
that was flung time to upload the vlog
so one of the reasons we came to the zoo
today was to see the giraffes of course
the giraffes run out they said that they
want they actually don't come out until
Memorial Day so was that may the end of
May I know where they put them in a box
until it's one round or what I gotta set
the vlog live right now
you have a great time
super fun you finished your peanut
butter and jelly you want me beat you up
it's a crazy world we live in when you
can do all your uploading and sending
your videos public driving around in a
truck in the middle of city I love it
awesome
are we on little place called heaven I
can squeeze a mommy's head oh yeah oh
yeah there any zoo animals in there
nothing pretty empty we could put you in
there might be a good spot for you
actually wait Thank you Thank You Ohio
for this weather this week so nice
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh you got it you got
it
thanks a little dude making Brian egg
adult loaf ape
hey did you hurricane your crown box
well you got him open that's for sure
what are you looking at
although I get ribs everywhere I never
get them an Outback until today I'm
gonna try them I mean I've had them
before I feel like drinking
oh this was nice from our waitress
you're awesome on YouTube
mr. polite this way this way well that
was good and I got I got cheesecake to
go why are you thanking me Kane bought
it
Kane paid for it
no you smoked that cop honey you smoked
that
you know a lot a lot of you don't have
kids so I just want to give you guys a
quick demonstration what it's like to be
parents so here we go let's let's show
them what it's like okay no driving
we're back home and Cain where did it go
he'd somehow a little piece that holds
his what footballs on there it's gone
just according Hannah got up and walked
away
you threw it over there what's not there
now I don't see it
all right we found it where was it it's
been tell mommy to catch it
she's a great catcher whoa was a good
one yeah yeah hang on now yeah here
getting our game on about to run some
bases nice under it it's gonna break
mama we got this
you know I got to go do the giveaway I
got to do the giveaway you guys gonna
help me all right guys it is that time
wait wait it's not that time yet
hang on you got to get this stuff it is
that time to give these little monsters
away they're ready for a good home and
before I get into this I just want to
say this was the worst contest I've ever
done in my life ever and I will never do
it again ever
well you know why because it's gonna
sound stupid I said if there's so many
amazing submissions I I swear my life
this is the hardest thing I've ever had
to do there is no winner
there's like thousands of winners yeah
seriously at this point I'm just at this
point I'm just picking somebody that I
think you know I like so let's get right
to it and no I hate guys there's no way
for me to if you want to do my job right
now go to Instagram hashtag Roman Atwood
GoPro and try to pick one winner it was
miserable
it's miserable yeah so without further
ado the Instagram winner and guys
they're all amazing they're so minute
maybe I should just show a bunch that I
like first no I'm just getting right to
the winner this is it and I think it's
absolutely amazing it makes me smile
every time I see it and it's impressive
and I've never seen anybody do anything
like this so that's why this is the
winner for the GoPro on Instagram here
it is all right guys here it is I'm not
even sure how she did this but she wrote
smile more out of her hair to me it's
impressive not just that this looks like
she spent a lot of days cutting these
gigantic smile more letters with her
family
and I just think it's freaking awesome
that's that I mean that I don't know
what to say
so you're my winner girl you're getting
one of the GoPros and a smile or package
that's right so I've got one person
super happy with me I've got a hundred
thousand people wanting to kill me right
now look it is what it is like I said
they're all amazing I've never been so
happy looking through photos I sit up
and just look through these pictures
they all give me a smile there's some
that are just they're so great you guys
all did a great job and and like I said
I won't do this again because it's
miserable
you guys all put in so much effort and
the cool thing is I'm saving so many of
these for a big project I'm working on
for our store so you're gonna be a part
of that which I'm super excited about
these these are amazing big guys and you
sleep great alright guys in the Twitter
winter I asked you guys to share your
favorite pranks and vlogs and for the
last since I launched this campaign this
guy has been tweeting every I mean his
entire Twitter is dedicated to promoting
my pranks and vlogs and I feel like he
has put so much effort into this and I
know a lot of you did this but he's just
really stands out as almost kind of
stalkerish to be honest with you alright
guys here's your Twitter winner mr. Ben
Nylund
Ben has flooded and flooded every prank
every vlog every single thing I've ever
made in my entire life
on his Twitter feed and it goes back day
after day after day I mean it's it's
pretty intense so there you have it guys
I can't say anything else I know a lot
of people gonna be mad that's that's
giveaways though any time I do a
giveaway that video there's a lot of
heat but come on it's fair it's a good
contest and anybody could have came I
love you but fun today
I had excellent time with you man that's
it there you have it we're done I'm not
looking back
I you guys know I always do new giveaway
so don't freak out
and all your pictures are gonna be used
for something so cool part of our store
in our home it's gonna be really cool so
these are we going up as soon as I get
your dresses I'll send you guys both
direct messages so don't make sure it's
from me all right I'm so glad that's
done you guys I've been putting this off
every day because I couldn't pick
winners it's too hard and for everybody
that participated thank you so much
every single photo was just man it made
my day every every time I scroll through
those you guys are absolutely
unbelievable thank you
yeah
what are you doing I'm hoping I'm
helping you you're making a grocery list
yeah no pickles younger salad stuff
that's for you guys oh yes she gave me a
wedgie that's what happens your hip
that's the problem your hips
you suck for the record you priming I
hire you you give me a wedgie I give you
a wedgie
I don't usually start this stuff I just
finish it you still love me
you still yeah right Yeah right that's
just the messy you put them under on
eBay
probably hip stained stuff on it alright
come on for real be serious I can't even
turn my back I hate this life it was bad
no it was bad for ya I got nothing for
you that's why do you just let me stick
to the pranking
you just keep you stick to the grocery
of us alright guys we're gonna end it
there with me on top of the house stop
wait I'm you right on your I really do
love you there what are you in right
right
all right yeah slow what just keeps
going what are you writing
what is this thing I love you smile more
looser I'll take it that's worth it we
love you guys thanks for love please
show the winner of the girlfriend some
love these are our fellow smile more
soldiers it's all good and what's the
matter baby what's the matter
we love you guys we will see you
tomorrow for a whole new day sit on this
huggy wipes somehow we got Kang that
would live tonight do you want a drum
lesson let me teach you some stuff gotta
work that Pete's off boy
