what's up guys I want to show you my
huge cowlick leave this this is this is
for real this is how my hair stays if I
don't do it that's why we stand it up
and we are getting ready right now for
bringing an argument something want to
do for a while and that is a dare video
where you guys challenge us in the
comments section with dares that you
have to do it wanting to do it so bad
I'd won I think it's fun it's crazy
well yeah you notice the difference
not really you look freaking perfect
matter what relative on you and stuff
too but we're getting ready and it's
asking to be really we're doing a vlog
and now I don't know how it's gonna work
so oh my god have you guys ever tried to
tear a tag out of a t-shirt like either
up by an actor
sometime when he's put it down here and
I just tried to head out Dean I love
this I was going to wear this today
that's just gonna wear this today but
did Johnny that title not the most
ridiculous freakin place to put a tag
ever wow that was really big tag
do you remember the time you ripped
Kings on his shirt yes I know
Merlin's cat these types of turns family
acquired one day you'll learn your
lesson okay guys so things didn't go
smoothly as we wanted it to we got to go
get Kane Kane went tomas this morning so
that we could do this video but it looks
like we have to go get him now i should
have been more specific on the dares oz
well here's what we're thinking and you
guys can help us with this because i
think this could be a new series on this
channel that is friggin hilarious we can
have all the guests that are going to
come stay at the house two dares with us
it's going to be really really fun but
here's what we're thinking help us out
we need dares the first episode of this
is going to be dares in our house just
brittany and i a lot of we can be both
there's like i dare you both to fill
your pants with ice cubes or something
you know like like that and then at the
end of each Dare video you guys will
vote on who wins the dares dears we can
like write down and pull out of ahead
something that we both could do yeah and
then I think episode two is like it
should be public there's where you guys
leave your dares that we have to go out
in the public with a wireless mic or
whatever and you guys have left some of
those but we need on this one we didn't
get to finish it tell us there's that we
can do in our house till to kick off
this dare video stuff because it's
really really funny
a lot with food try not to be anymore
we have tons of food we like visual
dares like things you have to do you
know so yeah let's go from we're turning
a cane right now hey dude you miss me oh
I love you hi Louie yep I am fun are you
playing baseball in the house every time
I come over here you got a new pet
when'd you get the pony say bye mama
bye hmm see you later
you want a baseball practice yeah yeah
wait hi hmm all right thank you mama
you're welcome
but I'm a Wiggy this used to be our cat
remember well no one named it McGee I
don't know how he came up with that name
and never heard of my life how big he is
he's huge shed you're just a little
kitty yeah okay we just got to the pizza
place I didn't know you could eat
outside that's really nice all right
let's go dude gimme five
no give me five oh you got me should I
sit with cane or mommy you all right it
felt like coffee nice hmm I don't know
what I'm in the mood for but this place
is bringing back some serious memories
my mom and dad used to bring me here
when I was Kings age literally been here
since your age yeah sitting in these
boots right here raised to work
it's crazy it's clean all these tables
Britney strand roll Mickey Mouse let me
see that
I mean for not looking at a picture I
give you credit it looks like Mickey
Bear yeah here Z be aware on top up here
I think it's just shuffling on here can
you make my day man yeah click we need
it gets just new every time turn it hard
turn turn oh guy use mommy's muscles
he's excited
not on ok let's go look at all this
pizza boxes you gotta show me how to hit
it
ok let's go set it up there you go oh ha
ha
you knocked it over at ease tang
boom oh you lefty daddy no well he's
hittin it that way oh forget it let's go
get it
whoa keep trying just a little practice
you'll be cracking it down in it for us
yeah oh it's a bunch of old newspapers
it's awesome checkers or chess checkers
it's gotta be checkers because the
difference hots you take shots of what
water soda
I just can't drink anymore man honestly
like I've hit the age where it just hits
you so hard it's never worth it like
every time I drink now I'm like oh never
drink it you guys ready first smile more
store concert yeah we got Kane out with
live tonight do you want a drum lesson
you want me to teach you some stuff got
to work that Pete's off boy yeah go go
go bastard oh you skipped one let me end
god oh that's way funner hurricane we
just had a hurricane no no your turn now
you're turning them into shoes like elf
Peter stop
really weird put your cone on put on
your head
no really using these for 100 percent of
what they're made for
I was thinking in the driver with their
bikes they could practice yeah it's all
I want to do it he's too strong
he's just too strong gotta use turbos
you still want to do it again after that
oh dude you're crazy okay here we go
turbos what are you doing
you sound like a bunch of elephants up
here yeah we've been playing pretty hard
we've been wrestling around I we thought
the floor was coming in downstairs Ethan
doing like flips stuff yeah show me you
ready for the turbos I saw that oh my
gosh oh he's swinging left hey last time
you did it he fished think it's just a
fish tank Cain that's really an outside
toy yeah it is last time okay fun yo
weeds were outside okay I'll let Daddy
get way out of the way okay go for it
whoa dude good job
hit this one I looked so funny and
listen what would you think if we go to
bed
Kaine come hug baby ah please yeah I'll
give you 1000 ricci cups mm mm Riza cosa
you better get in your room
you better get in your room okay guys
well she gets came to bed I got it I got
to open up a little bit and tell you we
need to do the giveaway for the two
GoPros that I promised and I'm gonna
straight-up just tell you why I haven't
done the giveaway there's 40,000 awesome
submissions for this giveaway and I'm
telling you they're so good I can't pick
one I just can't it's way too much
pressure no matter who I pick I mean
there's so many great photos and so many
great people that that's submitted to
this it's impossible pick so I hate to
do this but I'm gonna promise to do the
giveaway tomorrow I'm going to I'm gonna
knout the winners tomorrow but it's so
hard guys whoever I pick please no hate
it's so hard to pick a winner there's so
many great ones and I'm just being real
with you I probably will never do
another
on tests like this you legitimacy really
I'm just explaining how hard it is to
pick a winner oh man I hate your contest
I don't accidentally knock you out what
is that oh sure you got another hole in
it
nope no oh my god what are you doing Oh
No
this stupid oh you're so weak you can't
even hurt me Oh didn't even wedge it I'm
still struck I'm still strutting normal
good you're apologizing available girlie
hit okay guys gonna call it a night
Brittany's getting Cain officially to
sleep I gotta edit this wall because we
got to get up early for big day tomorrow
I will take you guys along of course
it's gonna be fun and I just want to
remind you that no matter what type of
date you're having to put a big smile on
your face because you're awesome and
don't let nobody bother you man
don't let nothing Bobby don't worry
Maureen's not gonna change the outcome
don't let nobody bother you there's so
many there's so many people trying to
bring you down every day I just want to
tell you and it ain't worth it any worth
it so smile man you guys are awesome
we'll see you tomorrow thanks Paula
loving likes smile more no I just went
in the full ride mode instead
