some of my cousin's here today and they
built this volcano based on King Kong
he's completely gone I'm getting back
out of there
what's up what's up guys if you watched
yesterday's vlog then you know we're
already half way through today and we're
starting it right now
what's up what's up what's up little
Brit I like your nails look at that she
did it herself today yeah I mean I
helped Roli huh so we have come out
today to burning out in the truck we
came out today to get my car but it's
raining and it's nasty cold and I just
don't want to pick it up because it got
a full it got a full wax job and it's so
pretty the last thing I want to do just
pull it out in the mud so I'm gonna wait
till tomorrow I think when it's yucky
out though your hood up
no no what my nan whoa go mess up my
afro thanks mommy
just won't be a daily vlog without some
lunch and strawberry lemonade you want
my strawberry um be good
what is your shirt Elmo is king of
selfies I didn't mean to play with
he has like some economy on the iPad
doesn't watch sorry no I'm being kicked
out okay okay go ahead gotta go under
it's always musical chairs now just keep
switching sides I'll give you $100 cash
if you can eat that whole salad
no I can what do you mean this a monster
salad here soon I thought like a man by
myself
I did get some steak and potatoes
usually it's like chicken fingers and
fries I try to draw up a little bit I
even shaved
come on muscles come on muscles you
better sit down and buckle up boy mine
don't make me get him get him come on
seat belt help him get it on daddy all
right - my parents out there I know a
lot of you guys don't have kids but
those that you do I remember having to
take Hulk out of my house when Noah was
about three four years old I had to take
it out he was no longer laudible child
Kane's starting to do it - yeah
they turn in the hall like they think
they're home yeah there's no break all
the doors off the truck boys throw as
you throw hurt now race three you don't
get hurt at three oh yeah you got a
sensitive further just wait yeah that is
one day and you're gonna remember Romans
sang this it goes to their head man they
turn into these superheroes oh my god
you make me so no my I'll run off of it
just got back home I got my boy loading
up bullets teaching them young man we
got a teaching what are you doing what
happened to this this is actually that
plastic bullet belt I warned the
Firecracker challenge whereas in the bed
of the truck with the Dudesons it looks
like I might be wrong but it looks like
somebody destroyed it
so uh deal just got here and he brings
me a well this is my real birthday
present from him they were hard to find
they were hard to find
camp brews banana dude you can know like
Britney what would you say this is a
banana order that's right boys and girls
you can no longer damage your banana way
that tired of getting bruises on your
bananas no longer have you're always
traveling I was like you can just jam
this right down in your pocket or you
know just something to keep out banana
from getting bruised anti bruised down
this thing can we can we make smile we
can make some real smile more banana
burgers
so every time we have special guests
over we always send our pictures you
guys didn't sign the pictures who is
sent him out Britney drives at 30
minutes to go get him Dail for my
birthday I didn't show you guys this in
the birthday boy he got me the sweet
color printer and he's actually
installing it for me thanks dude so now
we have guests come over we print right
here that automatically just flipped all
that down this technology dude it's
awesome all I've ever had is a black and
white printer like that's all I use that
all the time
Tanner toner baby oh you don't remember
do you like it yeah this is a picture
took not long ago of all the kids
playing on Dale's go-kart and now that
we got a printer hooked up we can print
all our favorite pictures I love it it's
great you guys remember this stuff from
the vlogs but I never get to print
pictures so
so cool that kid is cane you have
officially destroyed the house yeah it's
dead Oh
what the heck's wrong with mommy's face
what's up my face it's right here he's
right here
oh here what is that what is that it's a
seaweed mask it looks like you went
face-first in the oil slick daddy kiss
me
mmm I'm with Caine on this one come on
Caine come on run to Daddy so what's
that supposed to do what's he gonna do
just cleanse cleanse your pores cleanse
it all out I can't hardly take you
serious right now you look like a robber
like you could rob a bank like that
you're probably good you're you're
you're you're you're fixing problems and
making money that's the multitasking No
why are you covering your mouth does it
smell to taste bad what are you doing
cuz I want to kiss him oh my god
I'm okay and I'm fine yeah I got it
guys today will be the last slow off day
I know yesterday I told you I've been I
just was off a little lazy today I was
hair of that I was a bit of that too and
tomorrow tomorrow's not going to happen
I got a new guest come out of the house
we're gonna do something that's never
ever been done as far as the vlogging
world goes this could change vlogging
forever I could be the first to do it
and it's going to happen here on this
channel it's unbelievable you guys like
it so yeah the rest of the week is
packed full of things sorry for being a
little off but thanks for being so loyal
and I got you back I'm gonna
be here tomorrow we're gonna rock it out
we have fun before I go I do got one
question for you we do a lot of stuff in
these blogs a lot of weird things fun
things cool things stupid things what's
your favorite thing that we've ever done
in the vlogs let me know maybe we can do
more of that tell me in the comments
today what's the what's your favorite
thing we've ever done in these vlogs
there's a lot of vlogs but I know you
probably have ones one thing that you're
like I want to see more of that so tell
me in the comments that's all I got for
you today guys thanks so much thanks for
all the love and support hit me in the
comments we'll see you tomorrow your
beautiful smile mwah
but it looks like a freakin tornado hit
here honestly look at this and I already
put all the chairs away and everything
this is what's left
