ha boy oh boy oh boy
getting a late late super late on the
latest starts any vlog we've ever done
what you doing here boy hey anyway I
just walked into Noah Britney got him a
new pot today to plant he said this
about a year and a half I feel like it's
just not growing because the pot so
small so we're gonna hook it up right
now
great give it a new home yeah all right
Brainiac how you get that out of there
Kane so into this he is really
concentrating euston I supposed to break
that all up all right
yeah like when you plant in the ground
you kind of like yeah all right you got
a new home for your plant you need your
own plant just got one
yeah well today it says it's my first
plan or something that's right it's
gonna grow grass you did get your own
plant
so basically no I got some new pot and
Cain's grown grass so I saw in
yesterday's vlog a lot of you guys we're
like well how come we didn't get to see
you ride a donkey and how come we wanted
to see you write a donkey
the reason you didn't is because I only
put in like the highlights I wanted it
to be a funny video of everyone falling
my parts were super boring so I want to
show you what it looked like when I was
riding the donkey just see no I did ride
it was just it wasn't worth putting on
video so here you go and come on it's
over there I'm gonna take a snack there
yes so now you can see why I didn't put
any of my parts and they were so lame
no and I have been downloading all J
destiny I don't know if you guys you've
ever played ever play destiny moving
down this one's finally hooked up this
one still got 60 minutes that's like the
longest we've ever waited so we've been
trying to play together I've never
played this game ever I don't even know
what it's like but just been watching no
do the first level but apparently it's
pretty cool I think yesterday your
birthday party was like the best I've
ever been to the best birthday you've
ever been to well that means that I
gotta step it up for your birthday this
year and make your birthday the best
birthday ever
yeah I think we'll be able to pull it
off
here you took a nice bath well you smell
good now you don't smell like a dirty
foot no you're sleeping your kneepads no
yeah no that's Sophie one too bad so if
he rolls off the bed he doesn't get hurt
there's not much of a blog today this is
really just a shutdown day we were just
like split camera away let's hang out
all day and then just film in the
evening and that's what it's turned into
how good feel not have school tomorrow
that's the best man No More school
summer break I'm so happy
good night baby I love you mm-hmm
see great super
thirty blooper I'll see you in the
morning
love you
hey guys welcome to the next day I was
really really lazy yesterday
weren't we what the heck is that it's
the hoarders faith it's just a banana I
had to show you this it looks like I'm
not a hundred percent but it looks like
a freakin tornado hit here honestly look
at this and I already put all the chairs
away and everything this is what's left
I don't know dude that is it is that
tornado weather right there I have no
idea I don't know it is normal wind do
this there's normal wind just pick up
things and throw them like play that
look at it look I hope it didn't break
huh your mom told you to put them up
laughing I know is that that's not
tornado is it I don't know table
everything there's stuff all the way out
there we're all asleep probably when
this happened I heard some high winds I
guess I don't know nothing looks broke
your mom's gonna kill you I have
honestly in my life seen one tornado and
my dad's backyard when I was probably 16
years old it wasn't that big but it was
amazing and it reminds me of stuff like
this like things with this stuff was
everywhere today like this morning when
we got up all the everything was over
here I don't know we'll never know but
all I'm saying is it's weird it's weird
it is really really really ugly today in
cold it's been so hot but perfect timing
because our air conditioner doesn't get
fixed till tomorrow so this cool weather
is perfect there to order parts no one's
going to take off the ones for a little
bit I think I'm gonna go get my car it's
been at the shop getting tuned for
mid-ohio I'm doing a race this weekend
not a race it's like a track to have an
instructor all day it's gonna be
teaching me how to race this car so
super excited about that too fun be good
okay you're blurry you really blurry
love you buddy
see you soon guys I'm sorry to bring the
log into the current day but you know
what I'm not going to lie yesterday was
amazing hanging out with my kids and
pretty with no camera around it was
really nice and I needed it so bad it
took Brit when I woke up you know
usually I'm super sad to vlog every day
we all loved it the kids have fun with
it but I told Brit when I woke up I was
like I'm just not feeling it today so we
kind of took the day off them a little
bit last night and I'm bringing it into
today but the real fact of the matter is
it was really nice guys and I appreciate
you guys understanding on know some of
these days the rest of this week is so
packed with excitement
I can't wait we're gonna we're gonna I'm
not gonna say anything let's just go
with it
this week's gonna be awesome to me
how's my little chicken nugget just wake
up finally alright guys it's time to end
this blog and start today's vlog so
tomorrow we'll start exactly right here
I'm so confused right now thanks for
understanding the weird vlog today I've
been a little off and I just really took
yesterday off to be honest with you and
and anytime that I go into the next day
is just laziness it's like an excuse to
make yesterday's vlog worth it to
special guests coming this week one
tomorrow and one on Thursday gonna be
I'm not believable I couldn't be more
excited as always I don't want to hype
it you guys wasn't mad at me but I'm
excited so I want to remember this we
love you guys we'll see it's them off
thanks so much who is it who's coming
smile
