he's gonna wipe some on mine you just
don't dare haha so much let's do a
family picture like this
hey you forgot to eat it look at daddy's
face oh it's funny when it's daddy huh
just rub your nose in it
what's up my friends get a good start
this morning you got nothing on you I
think it's my hair get it cleaned up we
got to get ready be serious for once
daddy's in a serious predicament
look Kane look different sock different
sock different sock different sock none
of a match what am I gonna do all right
guys so today is Ricky's dad yet is
today's yet no it really is yeah today's
Britney's dad's birthday everyone's
coming over here a little barbecue I'm
gonna uncover that beast and get some
cookin Owens over here what's up dude
everything I need socks I need socks I
found 10 different songs just go
barefoot yeah I know I mean nobody mares
match this is why you don't wear myself
oh oh now you've got one was let me see
that's what I'm gonna do I need some
sauce I just wear one of everybody's in
the family going yeah before I get too
deep into this vlog I just want to let
you know I'm about to give these away
I'm about to give them away soon maybe
today maybe tomorrow ha ha ha you about
to work today grill you what looks
terrible oh that's cute your dad will
love it what happened over here what
happened over here good look at him
they look a little done like really done
it's like I think because I made is that
black top
I made three batches and that was like
the bottom so maybe it just didn't hmm
well there's nothing like having a
barbecue without perfect we ran out of
propane worst timing
imagine her I'd have a barbecue with no
propane can you imagine
so 23 bucks if you want to just fill
your tank sixty dollars to buy a spare I
wonder what would happen supervillain if
you just do what would happen if I
bought one of these and shot it with
like a gun nothing what do you mean
nothing
yeah so I might have to take that
challenge you I might have to take that
challenge what do you think yeah we got
to so this is the machine that fills the
tanks right here yeah I dude look that
means boom big foot now we're ready for
barbecue and I just fell for this twenty
five dollar bag of Beecher I was 14 I
thought it was too but I just too
embarrassed to say I don't want it
are you gonna try my 25 dude let's get
the first print it's either gonna be
really good or it's just gonna be
terrible
smoke I smell like dog food I may drop
some put in a cup holder and there's my
smells like farts dude that's what
that's on the best beef jerky smell this
part jerky
mmm $14 B here we go here we go here we
go here we go start with them burgers
baby you know a lot of you guys don't
know this but when I'm not doing my you
know my handyman job nine to five you
know that I'm a handyman not love this
is Brittany's dad by the way everybody
say hi happy birthday dude I'm gonna
make you the best burger oh yeah not a
steak for you
steak for you I'm not gonna lie I'm such
a good chef that I dropped one on the
floor cheese down her nose round one
I shouldn't attempted the triple flip
did yeah
she's dumped you yeah all right round
two guys round two I'm not really I'm
not really a chef for those of you that
didn't catch the sauce excellent now but
I try I try I'm actually I've never
cooked anything in my life but I like
cooking breakfast and I like cooking on
a grill that's about it that's the
extent of my burn my stuff you know it's
like eggs bacon sausage steaks burgers
that's it
I like people's faces when they enjoy it
yeah how's that how's the food everybody
how's the food Carson just fell deeply
not my kid not my problem they're being
really nice I actually undercooked all
the burgers had to put them back on
wasn't gonna tell you guys but you know
after all the crap I've talked about
Ohio this week I gotta say it turned
into a beautiful beautiful day
what's that look at that hey beautiful
yay gave me like multiple bites join me
here to share it with you Colin's cake -
and ice cream I was wondering out why he
just walked up and hand me cookies
come here look come here
there's a dead mouse everyone's freaking
out hey on a on a on hang on watch do
you see it you see it look
it's birthday time Brett good job on the
cake looks like you spent all of 45
minutes I'm kidding he's gonna start it
happy birthday to you birthday to you
happy birthday to you
you singing Mike make a wish okay you
really got one it's gonna look like the
sunset yeah fire extinguisher and chain
do your dance so that looks like mr.
Krabs I don't know what that one is
well party's over
look at this Brittany even cleaned up so
fast would you put it on your rug side
or that oh wow that was a mess all right
we're warping around a little bit today
you get came to bed I'm getting out of
it I know but too bad too bad how many
were you know in bed he's probably ready
I don't want to go to bed but I just I
just read your mind and I know why do
kids hate bed so much guys I love bed
now I used to hate it more than you do
now I'm like man then
all right guys a couple plans fell
through today we just didn't have any
time knowing I was gonna make a gaming
video hopefully we can tomorrow I'm
actually really excited about it but we
had we had family over all day and we
just hung out goofed off ate a lot of
food and uh we didn't get to film
anything yo
Brit we got some killer dares coming up
did we told you yesterday is blog you
guys watch we we asked you to come up
with dares for us little dares medium
dares big dares because we're gonna
shoot a dare video I think it's going to
be really fun and challenging and you
guys come up with all the dares we're
not coming up with any of them so thank
you and continue please continue keep
leaving the comments because like
today's vlog leave the comments cuz we
read through a lot of helmets and when
we see one that catches our eye we're
like that one's really crazy so
definitely leave your dares what do you
see in here there's the big dress oh I
hate I hate that I can never show you
guys what this tank actually looks like
because but something to do with the
LEDs the camcorder does not like it it's
like it doesn't look like this at all oh
my gosh no it sucks
there's the big crab at the blue stripe
legs alright guys gonna cut it off um
thanks for watching today it's kind of
just the family day and it was a good
day it's a really good day this will
probably the shortest vlog I've made in
several weeks we've been we've been
doing really good with longer vlogs and
trying to film more of our lives but
today was a little choppy which you can
understand what family around it's just
like we're just hanging out that's hard
to pull this camera out be like hey hey
hey alright guys thank you for
everything these proud to support all
the likes and keep leaving them dare
comments we're gonna do it couple days
we love you
don't forget slap a big smile on your
face you beautiful smile
cool
okay
