oh my gosh
who put donkeys at my house what's up my
friends a super hectic morning for you
we got one more big box that needs to go
to the shipping store that's the last of
our apartment right there so I still got
two boards that will not fit in any box
that I have it really sucks I don't know
how I'm gonna get a home I'm gonna go in
the shipping store and see if I can get
them a box of some sort
I've to be the airport in 40 minutes and
I still have to return this rental car
and I still got this big guy I'm in such
a hurry that the guy working the
shipping desk was like dude just leave
it here I'll ship it for you I gave him
a $20 tip and I left I have no idea it's
gonna make it this is absolutely
beautiful
look at that this is the rental car
return look he's trying to go this way
he's trying to go this way I'm trying to
go this one there's a guy behind me
trying to go this way it's just a
cluster where are you going
la parking is like a video game it's
like a puzzle with its strategy its
strategic yeah this is crazy okay guys
just return the rental car finally and
check this out this is almost exactly
exactly the same as the first car I ever
owned right here
mine was a 1972 Plymouth Valiant this I
don't know what year this is but it's
exact exactly the same so that's when I
first drove that was the first car ever
ever bought $1,000 cash you guys ready
to rock bring it out of here
should we we're leaving this place so
like we're leaving it we're out of here
this is house lane where we're gonna
miss our flight if we clean it we do
anything else you guys asked about the
furniture the furnitures all rented we
rent all of it so they're gonna come
pick it up today and then just a
cleaning company's gonna come to all the
women itself did you get all your stuff
is everything in there yeah man we don't
forget not worship so many boxes hold on
house is gonna be full this is crazy
we're headed to the airport
we get on airplanes a little baby one a
little baby you're fine it is becoming
way too often that we're rushing to the
airport we're Sophie luckily we got an
awesome driver we're just cruising right
along took down a game I think a grant
that thought of so much when we're in
the city here we go here we go there we
go thank you sir
that is a huge plane oh my gosh gonna
walk there hop up we made it guys we've
made it once again
Paris and it's so crazy that I can up I
can do all the blog stuff right here
what I'll be 35 million
Hey
it's so pretty out there
if you're not first class you're not
supposed to use the first class bathroom
I had to come up here and see what it
was all about
this
they're changing people yeah we made it
who are we going to see no is he gonna
tackle you he might holy come on
slowpoke
excited to see my boy excited to see my
boys play yeah he's probably down here
something maybe they're here wait up
wait up yours are so fast dude I'm dying
over these backflips yeah every muscle
my body hurts like I'm 100 years old
can't be doing that stuff hey where's
Kane
let's load up maybe he's maybe he's
waiting at home maybe he's waiting here
hop in the back hop in the back
oh man I missed you guys no more school
yeah I probably did a crappy video but I
got a little bit of him picking up a
school do you guys wanna sleep on the
couch tonight yeah yeah you guys gonna
fight are you guys gonna sleep on the
couch I got these awesome beds and
they're they're always excited to get to
sleep on the couch together
let's go with me tonight you guys will
do that maybe put a movie in and I don't
know what's up but we just pulled in my
driveway I don't know if you I've told
you guys I love donkeys but this is
sitting in my front yard oh my gosh
who put donkeys at my house the mo my
god he's so awesome look at the baby
donkey you see
dear Roman Brittany Keenan no a happy
belated birthday my name is dawn my
family we are huge fans and we have a
farm in Ohio and love your videos you
always make us laugh I saw one of your
vlogs where you say you like donkeys the
baby couldn't leave her mama so we
brought her too they love people
especially kids they will eat about
anything I can see that this isn't for
real we know they will make you smile
more for many years are you loving you
know about this are you serious
who dropped off dog he's at my house
this what what do young Keys do well do
can I bring him in the house they can't
potty train them you're telling me you
know nothing about this you can't lie to
me
you're the worst did you do you think I
know people with donkeys no I don't know
anyone with donkeys you know a lot of
jackasses there it just couldn't be a
normal welcoming home well the front
yard dog I have a huge backyard so I've
got two donkeys sitting in my front yard
I'm panicking for the last two are it's
two hours of path it's dark outside now
I'm trying to figure out what am I gonna
do with these donkeys how do you take
care of it on get out of a barn I have
nowhere to put these donkeys I'm
thinking let's pull up security tapes
let's see who dropped these donkeys off
I'm panicking guys like I'm freaking out
no joke Brett's got this terrible grin
on her face I'm like what's going on
my mom to drop donkeys off him haha I
know how much he liked dogs but she got
me I'm running around what am I gonna do
with these donkeys I don't have a bar
what if it won't run if it rains tonight
but if his storms these donkeys gonna be
I I've been posted a picture I was
freaking out like what do I do with
these donkeys you got me so good
birthday Roman oh my yeah so what are we
doing with these w-well the donkeys do
have a regular home so they don't have
to stay here but you do get to enjoy him
oh my god I love them that baby donkey
is to die French gave him an apple I'm
like freaking out what do you do that
was awesome never would expected donkeys
to be sitting in mine I'm glad it was
you stop watching my videos oh my gosh
guys I literally got Frank today by my
mother and I'll be honest with you had
she done it like it sucks because if I
do a prank I have cameras everywhere she
did a prank no cameras so it's not on
film it's just what I'm telling you
right now Britney knew she knew a week
ago and never slipped a second really
who does that
mom I don't know if I told you our air
conditioners broke in LA we just got
home our ACS broke we would I have a fan
in the window it's we're off to a good
start
besides all that my mom said the donkeys
have something to do with tomorrow we're
having they are planning my official
family birthday tomorrow
a lot of birthdays a donkey cake it's so
funny everyone knows I love donkeys and
my mom just goes all I'm gonna find a
place to rent donkey where do you go and
calling random donkey it doesn't even
make sense
Oh friends game and they did basketball
on donkeys like you still play
basketball but you're on a donkey yeah I
was really funny
driving and bumping that way in the gym
and they have like I don't know if they
dribble but I know guys thanks for
coming home to Ohio with us Noah
congrats on passing fourth-grade I guess
where you were gonna be another year or
two in that class hmm that's it we're
home we're home safe we're all together
which is the best way to be and we just
did some last night me and we have
nothing in the house so we just grab
some pizza that's it we're gonna have a
big day tomorrow big support my mom saw
something big plan with this stuff so we
will see you tomorrow guys thanks so
much for all the lights all the love all
the birthday wishes and we will see you
tomorrow
mama come on who's ready to see the
movie come on wait forever
I've been waiting as long as you guys
actually
