more thunder guys hope you're having a
hey hey grab a piece of paper and write
Ohio weather on it just do it
Ohio weather ride it hurry up we're in a
hurry that's great
like it yeah it's perfect let me have
that take this make it rain
take this follow me look great here look
at this every day
I hate Ohio's weather oh poor little
baby
ya mind me again while we're out and
about right now it is so disgusting
outside this is uh well I guess it's
just another day it's just another day
it's not bad it's not really that bad
right now hey did you ready to go Mose
yeah mama or he's been dying all days
been like he wants to go to Rome alright
see in a week hey Louie Louie ha ha ha
we're Momo's I love that shirt
don't you you look this is the best I've
ever seen you look I can't tell you how
much pains been wantin come over here
well thanks good yeah please welcome so
many tiny one how did you get this dog
again well some lady young so it's cute
dog it's cute Obie baby good doggy
shit that right there there's not
supposed to be water right there that's
that's how much it's been raining look
at the middle of the highway
oh my god that's not a lake that's a
cornfield
that is a friggin cornfield it looks
like a lake or a pond
now act quickly to producers around act
quickly to protect your life it's over
all right so Britain I had to run out a
little bit her dad's birthday is what
Saturday Saturday we're having like a
cookout were inviting them out for
steaks and we need to find them a little
something something today right right
help means out it's that time again
I just really sitting on your grandma's
couch I'm like covered in hair or should
we get mini one psychic no I want a big
one Lee this thing just keep it in the
truck
here's a rinse and reuse not on that not
all those sheets I just want this hair
off my pants right now I don't this is
really big
this will probably do at least two pairs
of hands yeah I mean I guess we're
trying to find something to put in our
big vases by the TV I'm thinking like
big bamboo shoots like the big bamboo
but these are all kind of small things
also I'm such an idiot I can't even hear
from shooting that gun that's why you
wear ear protection I don't care how
tough or manly you are I can't hear you
did you really say something oh I'm
worried I'll that'd be fun hockey sticks
that is such a good idea walls oh hey
you want to go snorkel in the cornfields
we can go we can see if we find some
worms you know worm on baby you won't go
warm on
geez all this baby stuff I cannot
believe we're going to need this again
soon
that's crew we're not gonna be in the
low yeah I love this girl
yeah I know also so cool
cappuccino vlog yes that's good yeah
what's up mom
is this mom or the sister I can't tell
you guys you guys are awesome
what what was it
I look like I robbed a pet store no
thanks mama
actually it's from our old cats all
right good enough it's my butt butt
looks good
where's your belt I don't have a belt
you have belts mom I got about all right
little girl we need to focus perfectly
to focus what's your dad need what did I
mean he's a simple guy no panty gun
that's like this big but it's like $500
well that's like the only thing that he
said he wants you sure he doesn't want
like should we get him in you sure he
doesn't want like a Ferrari early honey
thing are you now he's a simple guy he
likes like hunting and he's simple he
doesn't really he's not into electronics
and stuff yeah
I wanted to get him an iPad but not is
it yeah hey where we going
Weinbrenner you're walking towards all
the stores that has nothing to do with
your dad we got to focus this is
business
this is Ohio right here ten minutes ago
is telling us the Duck and Cover and run
for shelter and out sunny out I got bad
news I got bad news guys we're not
getting easy done and now we're eating
what's wrong with oh you look really
pretty
where is it from what is it
Mexico Mexico brood in Mexico I should
still oh he's just like where's Connor
from not Mexico well
No okay so you guys know I launched the
Go Pro contest yesterday and yesterday's
vlog I freaking love you guys like so
much I can't get a hilarious like
there's some real funny yeah I'm hearing
I always hear like I'm I just would die
to meet you or like that's how I'm
getting with you guys like I'm I want to
meet you guys I just kill me like I love
you let me show you so it is it's gonna
put some of these in the blog each day
probably but I mean this is adorable the
dog ran a smile more sign I love it I
love it I think these are cards like a
deck of cards but I love it it's so cool
sois he's a thug life in it man
this one's gonna hurt to see but he
wrote in giant rocks check it out and
see smile and then I think it used
sticks for the m-my told you guys that
fun and be creative
I just absolutely love what you guys are
doing like it's so fun to me she wrote
all the post-it notes on her wall don't
forget to smile on haha this dudes
straight spray-painted his dad's house
straight up to he's got a smile more
merch and backpack and stickers I just I
just love the comment under it your
dad's going to be busy
oh I freaking love you guys I could show
these all day yeah I could show you guys
all these days I could show you guys
these all day I love them just sitting
here we just probably all night I'm just
gonna sit and look at all these pictures
if you want to see them just go there an
Instagram type in under hashtag second
drum and hat would go pale and go show
some love your fellow soldiers because
everyone's everyone's so awesome and
like thank you guys
there's just too many to show there
really is you guys are awesome
oh I love the beach and you know it you
know it dude you guys are killing me
look at this look at this
there goes the Sun it's raining it look
storm - Sun terrain that's just how it
works here
this sky looks amazing you hear the
Thunder
that's thunder boo boo boo maybe that's
not the sunset that's fire what is going
I'm pretty sure when the world ends if
it ends it's gonna start in Ohio right
maybe that's what's happening it has
started huh well I mean if you think
about it I was like the armpit of the
world yes oh you have the keys
I hope you do least the trucks getting
washed all right we're out of the
shopping area and I think we failed yeah
it's a fail but but we didn't completely
fail because we can't we can't even show
what we got your dad if we got your
medicine they may watch the blog from
Saturday yeah there's one day where they
could see it Friday tomorrow
so confusing the BlogWorld you know what
I mean though how the BlogWorld so
confusing
James like get out of here hey are you
are you the guard dog ah where's Kane he
left oh man we'll see you later hey can
you love being home don't you yeah yeah
chef Anup almost did rip fun at Momo's
ah I missed you oh don't worry guys
you're gonna be going to a good home
soon you're gonna get such a good haul
what are you Iron Man they're just
waiting guys they're just waiting for
you I'm gonna chill in there so I pick
the winners I told you I give you all
weekend so uh you guys get creative with
those photos fun what are you doing oh
my god there's no way you have to kick
up you just watch them ah my wrists just
jump forward you don't need the wall you
need to fall forward that's the idea in
balance I feel like looking yeah easier
I look down but according to handstand
specialist you're supposed to look
straight back at the horizon behind you
tell what but maybe I'm wrong I think I
look down too when I do it here let me
see how I do it I look straight yeah I
see your belly if I think that way I
can't do it
I know I can't do it yeah see you down
feels better - I'm gonna try oh I just
go straight forward all right guys
before I in today's vlog I want to show
you something I want to show you
something from yesterday's vlog that I
cut out I wasn't sure if I put it in the
vlog it's I don't know I'm just gonna
put it in and see what you guys think so
when I was doing if you watched
yesterday's vlog did you see the
handyman video that we make is I'm a
handyman now and I have my own show and
anyway there's a part where I pretend to
hit my finger with a hammer and I cut it
out of the vlog here it is here it is
right here
watch yeah so hit my finger and then I
want to show you what Kane did when he
thinks that daddy got hurt here it is
okay I didn't actually hit my finger
okay
who burned his little heart maybe some
hurt he thinks I'm hurt I'm fine buddy
I still got nine fingers it's such a
heartbreaker dude did you think daddy
smashed his finger yesterday were you
sad is that what you were telling him is
that your fake cried to your fake cry
again um yeah
such a tearjerker alright guys tomorrow
we get Noah from school finally we got
them all weekend and we're gonna do I
think we're into our first gaming video
official first gaming video no wha oh
yeah okay we love you guys we're gonna
cut out of here for the night get you to
bed oh I don't know what you're doing
anymore alright guys we love you thumbs
up if you want a little gaming channel
off tomorrow we might make one just for
fun and just upload wherever we can
upload no promises but thumbs up if you
want to see that we love you and we'll
see you tomorrow smaller you better
smile you better spoiled brat here we
love you smile baby smile more Roman
thinks he's like this big handyman now
and he like deserves ISM show and theme
song like all this stuff he's such a
handy man
