what's up my friends today is the big
day I promised you guys a giveaway and I
have it planned out for today so we're
gonna do it but first I gotta get
something I got to get something I'll be
needing to do for like two years and
I've never done it so I want to bring
you guys along it's probably be you're
gonna watch me fail but I'm gonna try it
I'm gonna step up to the plate do it I
know I'm always telling you guys that
I'm like this crazy handyman and I know
how to fix everything some of you don't
get my sarcasm and I actually suck at it
like I'm the worst I don't know anything
about it
your plan no I'm not playing a prank
guys are like what Frank I can't go
nowhere nowhere I can't go anywhere like
everyone I god nobody trusts me no for
real though I'm just trying to UM hang
some heavy stuff I don't even know what
to do but he suggests these big not
these ones which what's the best well
you got the legs right I'm like sad on
how heavy your picture ID only needs to
be that long yeah all right all right I
got some wire and some bolts I'm gonna
try to hang up my gold play buttons that
I've had forever and they've been
sitting on the floor or on a desk
getting dusty for years like I've
literally had the prank channel button
for so long and I keep looking at them
like these are things I should be proud
of they should be hanging on my wall you
know but here's the thing if I don't
hang them right they're gonna fall and
break definitely gonna shatter
everywhere so hopefully I can get it
right today I know you guys are all
gonna be laughing at me while I'm doing
this cuz you're like it's so easy just
do it but I suck with handyman stuff and
I just suck at it's not my thing I can
hold a camera that's about the extent of
my what I'm good at all right you guys
know I came here Monday and they were
closed hopefully and get this stuff I
want
yeah guys so you know I love blowing
stuff up but I also like just shooting
and I like teaching my kids gun safety
in and letting them be comfortable with
that and I'm just looking at some
targets and little things like these 22
targets are cool because no one can
shoot a 22 it's like a powerful pellet
gun basically well for now I'm just
really looking for some 9-millimeter
targets like these metal you know things
that swing when you hit them are clean
or dang real loud as a lot of things
like this that's sleep this is for
everybody that wants to say America so
many guns so little time to shoot them I
mean who doesn't want a Desert Eagle
alright I got some cool little targets I
got a little bit of ammo let's go home
and do this giveaway that's that's
priority today so let's go do that and
yeah let's just do it you know I talked
about us
hi little turkey what are you doing what
are you making mommy is that me no some
other guy is that me with a big floppy
arm Wow
oh that's definitely me just make one up
right now you can do it yeah I don't
know you make it up alright guys two
winners to go pros let's get this going
because I know you guys are sick away
and each winner will also receive not
just the brand-new GoPro but you also
receive a giant smile or care package
t-shirt of your choice color you know
everything that we have done I will put
together a big package for each winner
um so this is how it's going to be done
this is how it's got to be done first
one is for Instagram boom all you got to
do I want you guys have fun with this
this is not this shouldn't be hard it
should be that challenging I want you to
have fun with it the best picture would
smile more in it like you maybe it can
be used standing on them on a mountain
holding up a sign that says smile more
or it could be something simple you
stand against a trash can with smile on
it I don't know I want you to be
creative with it but all has to be is
you with smile more in the picture not
Photoshop want it to be a cool real
photo be creative and post it to
Instagram and tag me don't send it to my
Instagram post it to Instagram the
hashtag what's the hashtag you're making
it up right now as we speak
yeah Roman Atwood GoPro GoPro okay
growing out with GoPro did give me
anything
you can literally spray paint smile more
on side of a wall on the side of a wall
not in public but you get spray paints
mama on the side wall and stay in there
with a goofy face I want you guys to
just do anything you can think of this
cool that I'm gonna like cuz I'm gonna
pick the best coolest photo
to be in it smile or has to be in it
hashtag roam and I would go pro yeah and
then I'm going to take all these
pictures and do something cool with this
so even if you don't win you're going to
be a part of this picture project that
I'm doing okay second go pro boom you
guys know what to do for Instagram right
post the coolest photo you would smile
one sit-ins and post it and hashtag run
that would go pro so Twitter super easy
and you guys have been doing this for a
while actually you do it anyway now
somebody's going to win a prize for it
you're going to share your favorite
prank or vlog I've ever made and you're
going to hashtag roaming that would go
pro so that I can see all the hashtags
and and whichever one I like that you
guys can be creative man be quick make
the pranks look so good when you post
them like oh my god you got to check out
this prime you know sell it you got to
sell it and don't tag at Roman Atwood at
the front because then only my viewers
and your viewers will see it don't even
tag me just hashtag running out would go
pro that's it guys both of them are
going to come with a big smile more
package have at it have a have fun with
it please don't please don't think too
much about it just have fun with it I'm
going to pick the coolest picture the
best post and that's it and I'm going to
do more giveaway so if you don't win
it's fine and for the record there is no
good way to do a giveaway people are
always mad at you you just have to you
just have to do another one later hi
cane are you gonna post your best amount
more picture on Instagram alright
he doesn't have Instagram by the way but
me
there's a lot of key there's a lot of
cane out what I know out with Twitter's
and instagrams but none of them are real
they do not have any of those accounts
so there you have it guys post go go go
don't wait no don't wait go post post
post are you ready we gonna take a ride
yeah okay alright it's so soupy out
leave that it's been raining like four
days okay so Brittany and all the girls
are doing their yoga class
yeah they do once a week yoga so we get
the heck out of here
there's no point us boys been here we're
gonna go somewhere war better put this
on
was it fun can I just have my brother's
house up buddy we come bearing pizza
white people pizza apparently only white
people eat Hawaiian pizza did you know
that I didn't do that I didn't either
but ever since I started eating
everyone's been putting like white
people joke's on you guys may recognize
this couch this is same couch I have
Dale got it way before me that's how we
really fell in love with it but we
didn't get this giant island look how
big this thing is
do a trick do a trick whoo I lied to
wait yeah that's the thing we were
impatient if you wanted any different
color you had to have a custom that's
what you did yeah we just went with
whatever they had but it kind of matches
our house we got go home you don't want
stay here okay I'll see you tomorrow
ready to come back home
you guys like that run it's a muddy mess
how was yoga
oh hey ready dances you got it in eating
and exercising that's my boy everybody
try to pick yourself up pick yourself up
yeah lift yourself up to the ceiling
thanks for coming over guys it's time to
go on the tool man a twin mode we just
came out to see the crazy storm we're
about to get it's about the rock are you
get did you get a tattoo yeah who gave
you a tattoo mom are you trying to get
daddy's tattoo yeah I thought might be
more of it
he's so mad I won't shut the door it so
Roman thinks he's like this big handyman
now and he like deserves ISM show and
theme song like all this stuff he's such
a handyman
remove a lot like the behind-the-scenes
yes scenes of your theme Michelle yeah
I'm making like I'm making like what you
guys just watched it but this is
actually what we were doing what some
things I could fix easily from a little
guy like at this sink there's so much
under there you could come up from
behind me I got my crack oh my god
that's a little too far whoa I can't
tell her start oh my god no other way
you got to be like down on your knees
yeah there you go I think I seriously
losing something better not out also my
eye what does some other thing like two
more things I can do you need a little
salt I don't have a little Saul sign
your little bag oh there's not a little
song I can be measuring stuff with my
own open mission how about you measure
the door yeah I've had these things
forever and I really need to hang them
up and this wall really does fit like
those are where the studs are I've kind
of already done that but oh I thought
that was a board that's just the
reflection to what the heck
hey no I go on outside wait you sure we
don't want to put them right over the
couch or is that - cause it would look
night but it's far I think it's to
coffee that you don't have them like in
your living room you have on like off to
the side I mean it's still a good spot
but this thing has two of hooks they're
extremely heavy like I don't know how
much they weigh but they're really
really heavy they've got two big hooks
I'm just gonna is that your help I
totally gonna put a shirt on and help me
this is what you got your your pimp and
robe Mario get all the Mauri hoes are
you gonna help me okay let's do this
don't you just get all over me but is
that peanut butter you got peanut butter
fingers oh do they've got two hooks on
them I'm just gonna run a wire from here
to here and then hang it on a big bowl
in the middle so I don't know how to
make it because I feel like it's gonna
hang down Oh where's 10 hours where's
the tool man Taylor when you need them
hey all right we're getting some
progress that I made the wires and
they're pretty even which goes to the
tape first case the tape should hang the
same we'll see should be like up here
Wow that's love I mean
so you put nails in it first why measure
I marked them so there's nails are even
in level so they're both going to hang I
mean they're both level I have this
little level and then I laid this on top
of both nails and adjusted the nails
take this right after that no I found it
the basement so anybody knows what
they're doing would probably tell me to
pre-drill holes um so these go in safe
and don't crack the but you know what
I'm just gonna no I don't have a drill
bit what if you ruin the whole wall no
I'm not gonna knock the whole wall down
it's just gonna put a hole in it
it'll be fine these aren't that big like
if they're one big really light painting
I think if they were any bigger I would
drill but I think I can get these in
nice and slow you know I have no idea I
have no idea either we're gonna find out
right here right now Freddie ham yeah I
think you didn't break the wall I
cracked that one right there oh my god
it's just kidding what kinda does look
cracked a little it's not actually they
actually went it really nice and easy
nice all right Oh
you can actually lift that by yourself
what thank you
super dad the walls on this camera look
so bad
Wow cuz it's not like actually how they
look well that's just to make you
nervous
oh yeah it does yeah I don't like that
guy
it's it's because it's hanging from the
huh it wasn't on it was it was on the
whole you gotta get behind if it's there
in the morning I'm gonna be totally
surprised like you'll hear if it's not
oh my gosh it was I grandeur where what
is my little level where's my little
level it's right there beside your bag
level must be stout definitely high on
that side yeah other side hey nice
that's pretty good right yeah what's
broken to me like if I went by just my
I'd be like that doesn't look right at
all no it looks good okay but can you
see ya suckers leveled ah ah well I
think that next one up here
oh yes that's perfect yeah that looks
way better good job mr. handyman all
right guys I need your help on this
because I've decided against the silver
play buttons because I think this looks
so nice and clean
what oh yeah they're like they're dogs
man
they will eat as much as you put in
there though just eat until they explode
anyway I just think this looks so nice
and clean look at that that looks like
made for that wall I should do a big
smiley face right there I don't know
about the silver buttons cuz they do fit
perfect on each side so be like little
big big little smudge cool but it kind
of cramps the wall maybe I'm just being
too picky but I like the way this looks
I got to put them somewhere but not this
wall I just like that too much I'm gonna
leave it I like things very empty that's
why there's nothing we've lived here for
over a year and the house still looks
like we just moved in we got to get some
stuff on these walls ah okay guys just a
quick reminder if you want to win the
sandwich buns you know what you got to
do don't forget the rules guys post
you're the coolest picture or funny you
guys know I like funny comedy so if you
want to do funny smile more pictures
with you and I'm real life now Photoshop
hashtag Roman Atwood GoPro post them on
Instagram I'm gonna pick my favorite one
and win Twitter's just you share your
favorite vlogger prank I've ever made
hashtag Roman Atwood GoPro sit it's easy
you don't have to do nothing nope nope
it's cheating contest
is good for anywhere in the world yes
anywhere I will ship them anywhere so
don't worry about where you live I'll
get it there if it doesn't make it
they're not for me I didn't do it and
how long until I
until they have pictures in Finland
let's see this blog goes up tomorrow
which is Thursday so I don't know pick
over the weekend now I'll give them the
whole weekend
we'll pick next week next week I'm not
gonna pick a day yet cuz I don't want to
cut off cool photos so if you guys want
to work on it through the weekend I'll
give you the weekend what's good that's
good that's it okay
I'm gonna end the vlog because it's
lecture it's 10:20 that's good actually
we're gonna get this kid to bed and I
got to edit because tomorrow morning
we're finally getting the kids passports
so we can leave the country can't wait
for that okay gotta go love you guys so
much thanks for all the love and support
and always smashing the like button we
will see you on Instagram for all the
awesome photos I can't wait I'm so
excited
plus if you make a photo you're going to
be a part of this project I'm working on
so it's not a loss no matter what I love
you guys we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget what was that do it again
ah it's not what you were doing it's
smelling totally different
alright guys love you have a big smile
on your face your beautiful smile more
I'm tuning the kid sounds good uh-huh I
want it yourselves good for my boy when
he's up on stage one day I
