hello hello guys welcome back to the
vlogs thanks for coming and ok you
still under and say hi
Thanksgiving happy Thanksgiving happy
Thanksgiving hey what do you thankful
for what do you think before I am
thankful for my family
boom easy enough that's it that's a
great thing that's a great thing all
wrong what you got a little girl watch
welcome guys welcome to the vlog it is
our Thanksgiving it's Thanksgiving today
we're all piling up and it's actually
starting to sprinkle which has got me
all worried about this little trip we're
about to go on heading to a place called
Paradise Cove it's this beautiful place
where you can go take your kids it's a
new beach new scenery and just new fun
we taking over this whole bus hey you
get your fishing poles oh man I got them
happy Thanksgiving everybody hope
everybody super thankful today I thought
you were driving cuz you're on that seat
yeah but the steering wheels on that
side I don't know where I'd be
okay so this is a typical family trip
the van is broken down pretty good was
it smoking no we're just
sure yeah all right how are we doing
everybody out everybody pile out there
we go totally different in this though
we might need to call Brian Brian we
might need you up here it's guys who fix
a motor smoking yeah a little bit just
toilet you should be able to get in
there fix that up build it Brian's here
lucky for him hey I brought some rice
put it in there
that thing was smoking when he open
while the heat it's hot my dad's down
here pumping this guy's tire up it's
bringing back a memory
welcome to the Bob you guys remember
last year our boat broke down best full
I love that blog sauce but this is kind
of what it reminds me I love although -
we good
dad you putting air in the tires good
what was that Dad so this is the 80 psi
on this boss and this pumps probably
about a 40 it's barely doing anything
ladies ladies I want you to just hang
out here we're gonna take care of it
guys good over here
Saint cool out of the Sun all right I'm
good yeah this is just as good as the
Beach Country come with me it's right
here Paradise Cove right there is
beautiful or what
enjoy let me ask you a question yeah
motor don't seem like it's doing too
well
all right do I have to ramp this in in
your Lake a pond or anything like that
let me answer your question with another
question what do you think so we're
going on full survival mode know you're
gonna be able to get in that ice chest
paper clips we need paper clips guys I
don't know if that's that's a maybe
that's the one that's the goalie tool
that's the golden tuna mark it's in
there baby let's not turn on each other
all right let's go do something tells me
chases that's that's not supposed to
happen no oh no it's like a sense he's
adding water into the radio right here
cracked radiator no Brian give me a one
to ten on the chances we're gonna make
it zero it's pouring out somewhere
protected you and Cora are protected
right they're not sure what's going on I
think they've pulled another bus this
one's Lincoln really bad is not gonna
run it's fried out or like what we like
to call it spawn ready our babies pawn
ready
hey they got cats down here all right
we're moving trucks they got us another
one this one's got like black black
widows on it or something man Wow did it
bleed all the way down the street poor
thing Hey
I want to get Brian out here this one's
leaking too it's all part of the
adventure we're gonna make it we're
gonna be just fine
oh we got the tour now we got spider-man
you
got it got it got it we've arrived to
the palm trees all right guys we have
made it to Paradise Cove the only bad
thing is it's very windy you can see how
windy it is just by the water very
choppy there's you know I think bad
about the windows it kills the clarity
the water for snorkeling for filming so
hello we'll just see how it goes today
but either way we're gonna get in that
water and have some fun okay I love you
let's go
oh how this winds gonna be GoPro ain't
gonna jump in and see what we see gonna
up on our little boat here with Vincent
all right thanks buddy
it's cool right take his little photo oh
man Vince it's gonna take us out to the
big rocks I'm gonna head out to these
rocks
it's like making the water very cloudy
very hard to film so I'm just gonna do
my best for you go I'm just
big chunk of Bologna I'm strapped to
your flipper my girls where's my girls
Cora you just spitting everywhere nice
day nurse I missed you dude what you
guys doing you're making your name's
doing yours what was that Oh Oh says all
is it just me or when we got here that
wasn't that was underwater wasn't it
yeah that was all underwater when we got
here
it's the dead man's reef over here boys
this is where the Pirates come if you
have treasure
they will come the Black Pearl will
arise coming the Pirates are coming
all right just like that jumping back to
our hotel it is Thanksgiving so we're
gonna all get ready and go have a big
Thanksgiving dinner together as a family
somewhere like we have fun
turkey north there's a turkey found a
turkey no scent about your mom cause she
was gobble in space hi cutie so guys I
do want to say awkwardly in the bathroom
and I also shave nobody even noticed
today I don't think one person noticed I
do want to say huge huge Happy
Thanksgiving to all of you we're about
to all get together as a family have a
Thanksgiving on an island which we've
never done we usually don't leave during
holidays this is the first time for our
family thanks for coming along with us
we're getting ready the kids are be
exhausted I'm not that energetic right
now so we're gonna get dressed we're
gonna rock and roll it go she asleep
are you tired let's go have a good dead
bin get some ice cream
like I said we're all need of a little
energy energy got a lot of energy well
the storm held off for now I will say
that it's pretty awesome getting to walk
to your dinner like you don't have to
get a car or ride to a restaurant or go
anywhere you just take the beach on this
nice stroll it's a little windy all day
but it's amazing it's so awesome
ain't that right girl got Korra ridin
here we got Kane run shotgun down here
hey bud nothing says Thanksgiving like a
nice sports announcement Christmas music
so it is straight we're having
Thanksgiving dinner in the Bahamas which
is crazy turkey we'll see you don't wear
makeup you're beautiful
this one still got a little energy tiny
tiny bit of energy Kane get what are you
doing oh my god yeah I'm not gonna lot
that looks like Thanksgiving man that's
him that's him isn't it I mean I like
him more than Turkey no offense food
blog this year guys is our Thanksgiving
table look at that I took over this
place countries out here doing the rain
dance making it rain I saw you out there
dancing country don't hit no stop I
don't need no more rain he's out there
doing the dance dude all this lightning
back here looks I'd love to set up a
time lapse right I've had a GoPro okay
so earlier I just blogged that I felt
like we were at home because we're
eating on paper plates is that what we
do and my mom just informed me that she
brought those plates I thought it would
be a nice touch I thought it was on the
restaurant like that's what they were
serving this food
he's like watch the service mom just
like home now I know why mom's here he
got the good ride you got that mommy
mommy ride that's it for dinner we're
all stuff the food was fantastic I
didn't expect things you mean food to be
that good
I'm not sure but it might been better
than at home wasn't on the vlog it
doesn't count Ryan just said yo Roman
you see what I see said look at the arm
on that matter what we could dig imagine
what we could do to you always be very
quiet cuz this Queen oh geez up this but
mama I'm trying I'm trying so guys that
is going to do it for our vlog today we
are all gonna get on this couch chill
out grab hopefully there's a movie or
something or some cartoons we love you
guys so much we are so incredibly
thankful for you always being here
supporting us being part of our daily
lives Haynes faith you know you really
think they can take me serious when
you're looking like that boy you guys
just you guys just look ridiculous and
I'll just end this lawyer right
everybody I also want to say because
everybody has been asking me into a bad
business on my end
a smile more store would be 20% off
through Monday everything on your entire
order 20% off through Monday so you have
today Saturday Sunday and Monday for 20%
off what was that yeah Monday at
midnight eastern part time I don't yeah
I'm so sorry I didn't tell you guys
yesterday I missed that so the very end
of this vlog 20% off for you guys
Oh get him get him get it don't put it
on my head we love you so much thank you
for everything we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful your kind smile
you
