what's up guys welcome to the Atwood
house we start in our day with some
serious breakfast get your hand out of
there we are look at this oh my gosh I
don't think the whole house is actually
up yet Kane still crashed awake his butt
up you're always the first one out that
was on that school schedule so he's
always the first one up don't dip or
scramble dipper scream Noah came in is
that we teach me how to make eggs so
let's do it
scrambled's easiest let's do that all
you just crack it into the pan you're
not a crack Hey alright grab another
that's good that's good alright take
this and just start cutting it all up
and beating it up yeah there you go boy
you my friend I've just made your first
scrambled eggs dude it's awesome there
you go you got all this fruit and yogurt
this one's yours
that's a bangin breakfast right there
holy crap is your you still working on
tunnel after you guys notice you guys
notice how quiet it is there's somebody
missing from the seat it's almost silent
we need to go wake our boy up I know
we're all enjoying peace and quiets and
our breakfast I tried I see just from
being in the Sun yeah but that huh
that's cool though this wrapping up
breakfast we need to get moving
I'm gonna run on the treadmill Britt's
doing her yoga no I was building a wax
figure get Cana who's getting Kane up
you want to get Kane up after we wake
him up he's gonna be grumpy but it's way
time to get up let's just ease into it
ease into it
wakey wakey eggs and Bakey out there
Cain loves bacon he'll we honestly
probably six strips of bacon we've been
waiting on you all day to wake up boy
you sleeping all day honor we're gonna
go see The Avengers movie we're gonna go
mommy said you meet grumpy when you woke
up where is it is it Noah make you happy
oh we're gonna have some fun today guys
let's Noah no it has the magic touch
nothing beats his older brother
I like your plate Britney does this new
thing now Kane loves it cuts the crusts
off the bread and then rolls it really
flat puts peanut butter and jelly on
both side and then rolls it up real
tight it's a peanut butter and jelly
roll off that'll work
that's hilarious this is one piece of
bread notice people to exercise say that
they kicked their treadmills butts my
treadmill kicks my butt I have no chance
against this thing I'm gonna forget it
ever showed you our real disgust us
$20,000 for the zebra skin to cover our
windows thank ya the clothes pins were
another 10 grand you can tell right
there says Made in China I'm kidding I
think was like $5 at Walmart actually we
got it free no thanks mom
trying to give you guys a little bit of
a roll blog today it's Sunday and we've
done that before on Sundays just record
as much as possible show you our real
life so that's what I'm doing right now
except I'm eating it in the shower
season what fresh out of the share it
looks like you've been busy
what do you iron there's no in there -
what'd you guys build some iron man
caves you guys building suits in there
you guys are so awesome
Oh while we're on the subject we ordered
this from Africa this was $20,000 for an
actual giraffe giraffe fur crazy it's
crazy how much it costs it's nuts
do it Oh Noah's got this crazy like
codon on GTA and he's doing these sweet
BMX tricks you need to find like a
staircase or something do something cool
what everything else in Reno's Oh wall
ride what you guys want to get dressed
get some clothes on
all right guys we're out and about we
are going for the first time for Kane to
the movie theaters can do you know what
the movie theaters looks like all right
you ready to watch a movie on the big TV
we're gonna watch the Avengers on the
big TV
maybe get some popcorn
it's the Avengers it's the best thing to
start with so much action explosions
comedy I think he'll be good we're gonna
see today we're gonna find out Akane
makes it through the entire movie I bet
he falls Noah fell asleep I'd take notes
of the movies once and he fell asleep
what movie was
it was transformers yeah transformers
how'd you fall into it for us wait
that's like the loudest action-packed
movie
see yet we're gonna do a few things
today the first thing we're gonna go do
is see Avengers we're way behind this
movie came out so I'm excited
ok so we're a little too early so we're
gonna run into this big old bookstore
look at stuff kill some time wait for
our movie we got what like 20 minutes
yeah let me get that for you lady dude a
Rubik's cubes are already almost
impossible for me like they don't make
sense right look at this one oh my god
no way
it makes me want to throw up turn the
handle keep going no no keep going are
you scared
do you want to get a new book yeah like
a summer book something to read while
you're not in school yeah you want a
book
whatever has the most pictures you know
how they say don't judge a book by it's
cover I know that's a metaphor for other
things but when it comes to books that's
exactly what I do I look at the cover
and I'm like oh this looks cool it's
gotta be good I mean you really don't
know what a book is about so you just
look at the cover well you're smarter
than me obviously all right let's go to
the movies I'm so ready oh my god is
there curb there we're literally going
right there
you know what that you know what's I
actually really really excited I haven't
been to the movie theaters for so long
you've never been to the movie theaters
all right so this is kind of the boring
part for you guys we're just gonna skip
past and watch a movie
luckily it's only like one second for
you the movies probably two hours
something like that got this place to
ourselves well five seconds later here
we are what'd you guys think of the
movie
you loved it in case you've been eating
this bucket the whole time I don't know
if I liked the first one better if you
really remember the first I wanted to
watch the first one before we came to
see this I know
you better get out of my seat boy you
guys doing know when I grab some subs
haha today's house just got over my
brother's house we're gonna do some up
we were just trying to decide we're
gonna do a movie or something we haven't
played call of duty for ever so we're
gonna jump on some zombies plays I've
actually never played the zombies si si
you could you could put your head out
the window when we're driving hilarious
this is where we're the toughest aren't
we very used to this stuff
Noah's got a head to his mom's tonight
we're taking off in the morning for a
for a quick business trip be back super
soon you've got four days of school left
give me five congratulations dude so
proud of you getting through fourth
grade can't believe you're gonna be a
senior next year I love you so much
you're crazy actually like crazy you
understand you better be good while I'm
gone
no bad kids on my watch don't be like me
it's got home we just warped home we do
a lot of workmen in these vlogs we
actually never it's really late so late
the fishtank lights are off that's a
rare occasion a lot of cool things come
out at night though when the lights are
out
yeah check them out so we got home
really late it's actually around
midnight I had a great time hanging out
with my brother my mom and dad came over
we just Gustav hung out you know like we
usually do we are gonna call it a night
though I got to edit we got to get up
and go to the airport tomorrow we're
actually out of here
so bowhead Hey alright guys thanks for
the love thanks for all the support
thank you for sharing these blogs with
friends and family and I'm glad you Hey
did you like that movie today thanks
he's Hawk I know his bow yeah we're out
of here guys we're gonna take off from
Ohio for uh just actually not long we
won't be gone long but a new adventure
starts tomorrow
we're excited where are we going where
are we going
have we told them don't tell them it's a
secret it's a secret you going with us
that's right all right guys where are we
going tomorrow that's the comments pound
it pound it we're delirious I gotta go
right guys we're out of here we love you
thanks for watching we'll see you
tomorrow smile smile
I was really cool
