what's up guys hope you guys are having
an awesome day this is what I'm waking
up to right here bunch of hooligans I
think it's time to do another fan mail
vlog this is our fan mail as of right
now I don't even know what to say that
that's that's crazy to me
yeah okay you guys ready what do you
mean for what we're about to have
suffice to deliver yeah you guys ready
to go have some fun
yeah come on let's go let's go Dada Dada
Dada - time to turn today huh finally
ready um yeah uh mister hi mate its are
you talking about are you guys ready to
go have some fun yeah we got some fun we
are going out today to do some cool
stuff Britney and the kids are actually
gonna follow me up to the dealership I'm
gonna drop my car off and have its first
oil change done I'll see you for in a
minute uh what'd you say try to keep up
we got an absolute beautiful day we are
taking the kids I told you this weekend
is just a family weekend big things
start Monday
I actually have to fly out Monday for a
week and just a lot of things going on
so I'm getting my car in today to do its
1,000 mile hit a thousand miles on this
car so they told me that a thousand I
need taken it for a tune and it's like a
three-hour thing I'm just going to leave
it here
that's why Brittany drove separate
alright ever well I'm really cramped up
here whoo just drop the car off its
gonna be there for a week why because
they can't do the they can't do the full
maintenance until Tuesday and I leave
Monday and I'll be gone so I can't get
it until I get back it's just like a
tune and oil change and it's like a
break in tune it's maker triggers rub it
in my face
yeah I told her it would be too cold to
swim today and it's actually hot
that's why we hang out with you on you
make us laugh they give us our own fancy
socks to wear
kelvil he's nervous he's so nervous to
be here oh thanks bro go big Noah go big
yeah
I'll do whatever you tell me to do
that's what I gonna do like such an
idiot
what are you
yeah she did it
I'll try from I cannot be fucked up any
bad clothes do not compass
just do a sort of a flip I'll just spin
flip what already do
ready ready
Mazz awesome
I was really cool
whoa awesome you guys have fun
that's pretty awesome it's kind of hard
to film here but it's cool
Jeff Fontaine yeah you did some pretty
serious jumping you're going to get
something eat real quick and that's it I
mean don't look at puppies after not a
good idea just still feel like you're
jumping on a trampoline I think I just
got shot like what Jane Jane's not
I know Kane's not whining sitting up as
quick food what kind of drink comes with
gummy worms it's fun Beetlejuice
Beetlejuice how am I gonna get you to
eat I mean he's got gummy worms Noah's
got beer I mean this is just alright
okay did you try it
did you try your beer yeah
try it G come on
I won't tell go ahead and try it
is it good it's root beer root beer that
was funny
hey what are these mozzarella keys
deep-fried mozzarella sticks cheese
chunks all right guys we just walked
back home I wanted to tell you did you
guys see I posted a picture on Twitter
of my fish tank and a lot of you noticed
what the tank actually looks like
because the vlog camera never shows it's
always blue that looks pretty freakin
awesome but it's really blue on camera
it's hard to get the actual color of the
tank so I did post the picture for you
guys who remembers one of the very first
vlogs I ever made where I said I hate
Twitter I think I said Twitter's my
least favorite I don't understand it I
don't use it now it's my moat like I use
it for everything I always post on
Twitter now it's like my I am on the
phone I'm talking to half a million
people that is a big one for fun awesome
free day is winding down fast guys you
guys have fun yes yeah Oh Mario doesn't
do that yeah Mario doesn't hit people
it's aliens anything whatever they are
counting ducks mushroom stuff I'm
thirsty I'm getting rekt nothing beats a
good family day guys if you got family
mom dad sister brother kids just spend a
day with a man it's so nice it's the
best I can never be happier than just
that
I'm really tired
alright I'm gonna throw a ball you have
to hit the ball already
killing it
we just took Owen home what the heck are
we gonna do tomorrow we still got a
whole nother day we're gonna see the
vengers movie ever you look tired I'm
tired that wore me out that trampoline
day is
Christmas laid first lightning bug it is
the first the first one I've seen - come
here little dude come here little dude
don't be shy are you gonna go - no I see
how it is that's awesome
imagine me and I'm gonna just produce
your own light whoa
all of that means in another couple days
the whole yard is gonna be full of them
yeah
Brittany clean while we're gone oh my
gosh that makes me so she knows it too I
come home and the house is clean
thank you so much oh my gosh there's
barely anything that makes me happy
coming home in the house like the best
thing ever
my sick set my stupid camera's been
sitting there for three days
it's alright it looks fine okay so here
we are
I've never showed this on vlog this is
called nori it's basically algae oh my
gosh what's it taste like um little it
was when I was pregnant and it takes
spirulina which is a form of algae oh I
was iron deficient so here vlog okay
show you what how to do this for those
of you with saltwater fish tanks this is
super super effective for your fish
because they can eat it for like hours
and it keeps the fish from picking on
each other it keeps them really busy if
you have as many fish as we do yeah well
I mean any amount of saltwater fish can
be a little aggressive towards each
other so oh are you gonna take this
ready hold that uh oh it's on the move
oh my god was it going they say you're
gonna take the inside magnet look how
much growth this used to be black this
is coral on like this there we go see
all that growth that's coralline algae
that grows it used to just be black like
that so we're basically just gonna take
a big chunk and pinch it in between the
glass and less watch my finger
yeah wow that's a big piece keep them
busy for a while
wow this lighting uh change I made a
change to the lights on my phone and it
actually looks really good on camera
yeah that's nice playin it it looks
bright it looks like it's real life so
let us sit there and feed on that for
hours that is so awesome
cane beating up stuff I've actually
caught a little bit of crap for this
I've never shown you guys well maybe I
have I don't really remember the
lighting system on this tank is
phenomenal and it's all run right here
on my cell phone and I can make any
change I want just by the click of a
button and it has like a million presets
but one of the coolest is disco mode and
I'm going to show you right now are you
ready ready disco baby intensity
intensity
oh oh fish went away that'll be enough
of that everybody loves disco mode and I
know it looks way better in real life
but that's the best I can do on camera
alright guys I'm actually going to end
this vlog
we got another family day tomorrow super
excited about that I'm gonna throw some
suggestions at you guys actually I need
you to throw them at me for our next
guest we are going to be gone for a week
this week doing some cool stuff for the
vlogs of course but when we get back we
have about a week of a gap that we can
have a special guest we're going to line
one up for not next week the week after
so tell us in the comments if we see you
know a name that we see a lot we're
going to reach out and see if we can get
them here
if not we'll just go with you know
whoever's available that's that's going
to make it fun so I hope you guys had a
great day from the bottom of my heart
and my family's heart thank you for the
the love on these vlogs guys that we're
looking today we were
and today I don't even pay attention to
the daily views that's been happening
but when I looked just all of us
couldn't figure it out we really
couldn't it's it's an overwhelming
number and I just can't thank you enough
for always sharing these vlogs and
liking them and and being a part of our
daily life so thank you that's it for
today I'm going to edit and tell me who
you want tell us leave it in the
comments blow it up hopefully we get
some big thumbs up actually if you see a
name just like it so we see big thumbs
up on you know that person so we can
reach out to them I don't know I don't
know what's the best way to do this just
leave your cap we love you guys so much
thank you we will see you tomorrow smile
more
alright this time I'm gonna leave my
vlog camera in the grass shooting
straight up yes it does but I have no
idea what you expect
Oh
