what's up guys wow what a morning I know
it's what time is it it's 3 o'clock p.m.
I got up at 4:30 to take Vern and the
guys to the airport I know it's too
early for any of us to want to be
vlogging but room I had a killer time
man I can't wait to do some more stuff
with you same here
we're gonna have fun hey dude Mario man
Batman and Mario all can pull together I
love it if you guys missed yesterday's
vlog watch it I drove burn around the
house on top of the RC car
it was unbelievable you think of that so
it was so awesome we loved it we're
actually gonna go get Noah right now
from school you ready you're gonna go
with me yeah okay let's come get him a
little bit of a late start guys but I
finished the vlog last night like 2:30
in the morning then I got up at 4:30
took the guys to the airport got back
just in time to take know to school and
then I crashed we going to pick up
transformer we going to pick Hulk are we
going to pick up a princess
are we going to pick up Noah okay so
we're not picking up no I thought we
were but apparently
Kane said we weren't want to get no so
we just left it at the school we left
him there didn't we I hope he's all
right he's gonna be at school weekend by
himself
just kidding we got no your turkey we
our family's gonna come over we're gonna
have a little barbecue hopefully if it
doesn't rain I'm just coming to life
I've been asleep today okay we came in
peanut butter and jelly
yes all right let's do it
strawberry for sure uh yeah just the way
you like it
come on little kangaroo guys I just
really how ridiculous I look when I
don't I mean I look ridiculous all the
time but without hairspray it looks like
somebody should Photoshop a surfer
coming out of this wave okay so I get
you good angle take a screen shot make a
surf for coming out
same exact cowlick did your cursed with
daddy's problems but you're still cute
as heck okay you have to tell him you
have to okay so basically we are out of
paper I know we're out of paper place we
never run on the paper plates so
Brittany's broken out we're so desperate
for plates all we have is Merry
Christmas plates and a couple normal
plates Merry Christmas
that's what it says way to go right
we're gonna fire up the grill you ready
to eat some good food
what was that you kicked my girl thank
you doing bro ah just some general
maintenance here paint my speakers
actually it looks really good
taking someone old making it nice
you cannot all over my siding though no
you are ah dude pull that box away turn
the camera off look at that
let me see oh my god you kidding me
do this yeah yeah give me a wet rag dude
I can't believe that feel like a real
idiot right this time so we got these
outdoor speakers that we've had forever
and for some reason they made this out
of steel so it rusts it rocks
alright that had just been stainless we
went under it started now see that's why
it's all white it's guarded now we're
not gonna get the siding off painted on
they all just can't resist coming over
here it does look bad perfectly just
want long smooth even strokes I get this
sorry a little more resonation out of
your speaker with pain on it yeah it
does look a lot better I'll accept this
paint dude I mean that's it that's
amateur hour at the paint Club eternal
how about off by midnight you all ready
for this
oh yeah I'm telling your mom we got way
too much food as always lots of snacks
chips drinks garlic bread tater tots
pepperonis cheese hey man I'm talking
about the Christmas plates brah we've
got little wieners kind of jumping
around on you guys tonight we were
hanging out as a family
getting some off time before the next
big project takes off Noah is roasting
marshmallows on our burner hanging out
with Mario looks good I like mine burnt
how do you got you like yours burnt
we got the toys out toys
you should try to chase me come down low
okay slow
it's too hard to vlog Andhra hey guys
one light a cup
you guys want to light a couple
fireworks all right so we got a really
good idea we got this mortar firework
kit Dale's gonna film the fireworks from
his drone up in the air Oh that'd be fun
right I know these things are for home
use but they could not look more shady I
mean we've got his drone way up there
have no idea what this is gonna look
like but it should be pretty cool gonna
take a few shots just to test it out
okay
I'm gonna light one and see you'll be
able to see where to go here we go here
we go firework number one dang that's
loud did you get it
I'm ready now if I shot into this you
know it's to light out the GoPros really
working the ISO we should wait till it's
dark save your battery all right this
time I'm gonna leave my vlog camera in
the grass shooting straight up yes I
have no idea what you'd expect
what nothing we've worked into the night
a little bit guys it was family day nice
relaxing time nice relaxing time
fireworks were cool shooting those up
that thing's got a hole in it we uh we
never got to use burns are one of our
things we're gonna do with the masks
kind of fell through at the moment so
that's kind of just kids toys all right
guys so I know we don't much of a vlog
today but we have all weekend together
as a family what you guys want to do I
know Kaitlyn's three wants attack me
what do you guys wanna do this weekend
you want to go see the New Avengers did
you see it no none of us have seen it
you want to see Avengers movie yeah yeah
yeah yeah so we don't know what to do
this weekend but we got a weekend
together all of us together so we want
to try to do something fun it's it's
kind of nice out it's cool I'm sure we
can come up with something he's he's so
scared this outfit Brittany's one
we can't find you
pillow fight inter cane we got her I
just can't believe you guys yeah you
knew she was put it off upside down
bedtime hugs Jane's gonna say
night-night
all right sleepy but you always flip
your blanket off I know we are we had
great day I had a really fun time
fireworks and food and marshmallows and
love you so much see great have to dream
have fun dream no you know it's bedtime
right yeah
let me get this monster to bed no all
right guys I'm gonna go ahead and end
this vlog and get it edited so I have a
full day with the fam tomorrow if
there's anything you guys would like to
see us do this weekend could be fun for
all four of us let me know tell me in
the comments I want to go it's gonna
sound kind of stupid but I've been
wanting to go canoe
like all of us in a canoe down a river
like out like a light river something
kink and I don't know I love you guys
tell me what you think I'll see you
tomorrow
thanks follow up and sport smile more
