good morning guys we're starting out
with some killer breakfast actually
Verne has requested peanut butter and
jelly for breakfast oh that's your thing
that's my thing no prob I'm a doll this
sausage Jamaican too if you want it okay
but sir you and Kane are gonna get along
really well
he loves peanut butter jealous his
favorite how'd you sleep yeah yeah at
Woodhouse can get a little creaky at
night that burns yeah breakfast is
served so we got one of the worst
situations you can have in a world full
of Technology our power just went out
and normally we wouldn't know it because
the house is tied to a generator which
kicks on we've never even known when
we're out of power but today we're like
it's really quiet and the fish tank is
out which is a huge problem so it gives
us a good excuse
Verne and I are gonna hop in the GTR you
ready to launch a sucker honey we're
gonna hop in the GTR and go get oil for
the generator it looks like that it's
just bomb dry so I'm not very good
maintenance man that's what I was gonna
say doesn't upkeep his equipment one
thing weird oh god I've never opened
this manually we can't even get out of
the garage because there's no power my
old garage used to have like a manual
pull switch looks like maybe that
oh yeah are you ready for this I don't
know I haven't seen you dry we'll see
what happens
a hundred horsepower right here dude 100
horsepower suburban are gonna take a
little drive down to the hardware store
to get some oil for the generator
perfect excuse to take him around in the
GTR he's never been an energy to y'all
right first time awesome and he is all
vlog out look at this he is ready to
capture everything I got a camera we got
one two three four yeah it's gonna be
fun let me look do this you ready to
launch this beast let's do it
I'll put your head against the seat okay
here we go you ready yep
and plenty than your seat he did his
first launched on GTR and was a pretty
ridiculous the g-forces were
unbelievable every I mean when she did
it I couldn't stop smiling it's such a
fun yard and like I said if I had it I'd
be in trouble that's hard to stay out of
trouble today is like a mix between fun
and real life it's really your lure
handyman's we really need to get this
service big-time cuz we it wrong I don't
know who to call Ghostbusters due today
we're getting so much resistance guys we
have so many plans and they're getting
shut down by so many things going wrong
you guys are gonna go get Noah though
give me five we're gonna run up and get
something cool for Ron to do later okay
it's gonna be a surprise I was back on
oh my gosh baby that's what we needed
life's getting back to normal really
quick with power coming back on this is
so bad if the power's out normally we
have a big generator that runs it in the
generators not working we call like
every maintenance company nobody can
come out drama drama drama make a
sandwich I'll just put away ah that's
better
all right guys we're off to a little bit
of a rough start today not to way we're
going to have some fun still run still
got us his firm vision on
way to go I have some fun we're actually
go pick up Noah ain't like awful Oh
where's my boy hey bud how are you my
shoes
thanks for getting huh we're gonna steal
you come with me thank you
Oh Cain wants to go hey we'll be right
back okay maybe daddy will find a cool
sword he can bring home we're gonna go
to a cool place I'll try to find you
something cool okay you can meet the
guys okay then
nice to meet you we're gonna hit up the
costume place yeah I'm sure we can find
some fun stuff in here man it looks like
it this place is awesome man actually
looking for a scary mask for Vern but
the mass selection right now is not the
greatest it's not even near October or
Halloween so yeah we can get a look over
there we get something for Kane that's
nice how about uh this guy I just wonder
like these are pride for your size ah
chain isn't Kane isn't a total Mario
mouse we're gonna get him on Mario he's
gonna love it might be a little big but
that's all right
oh I love it I love it don't hurt me we
could go around Walmart now I'll just
stick this in somebody's butt I mean
I'll film that a little over it'll go
over good for us I don't know how to go
over you oh we OH
costume shops are always fun I'm not
gonna lie you'd probably scare me to
death
cut some short alright guys we just left
the costume shop Vern has challenged me
to a race you want to race me dude
spit on your scooter scooter - scooter
we gotta go find a scooter where we
gonna find a scooter you guys Walmart
Walmart stood let's do it Walmart
alright so burn wants to race his
scooter versus mine and I don't
maybe that over there you can push me in
a car or now you're going the wrong way
you need to clean it for me
how do you work this thing oh it's on
brown it's on
ready set go
rogon okay I gotta hit the turbos
feeding that's cheating Richard Griffin
cute on three I'm gonna hump three times
and there you go you ready should I give
you a head start
yeah give me a head start okay
why are you running that's right bumper
cars now happened you wanna play rough
you wanna play rough we're in the glass
I'll go with you bet you break you buy
brush buddy kicks out we're good we're
good
excuse me ma'am I'm trying to shop and
this guy keeps like hitting my car he
keeps hitting my car so I'm trying to
I'm trying to shop and know how to drive
can you believe that look at him take
off how are you
you didn't feel a little guy on a cart
did you that way would you have a
blowout you kind of loosen my handlebar
all right you want to get out of here no
you want to drive this alright see that
guy cut me off a guy cut me off yeah you
better run guys got stuff in his pockets
once i mereloc
you once you grow up it was your idea
your scooter was way faster we need to
think but I had power like I could hit
you harder well I was pushed out of
basket I pushed you into bed what the
yeah the rack yeah she's talking I was
fun and know it no trick that you want
more didn't even say anything they're
probably so used to it
little Verne Troyer's running around
their stores Sean so Noah picked it out
for you are you excited we're back home
ruff you've cane his his little what is
it pull it out he can see through you
want to be Mario try put on it might be
a little bigger we'll make it work
that's the only size they had
I don't like 3/4 that'll work we'll just
roll it up he wears that spider-man once
probably half says hey look comes a
little stash did knowing in doubt fit
yeah don't yours I can't remember came
Mario it's from guardians of the galaxy
you come with any weapons
let me see ken come here come here
oh it's great man mustache fits good are
you fighting yourself oh wow oh dude
just never stops that's why I'm all
battered and bruised bring the phone
right to the printer so you guys know
our tradition lately we're taking
pictures with our guests we all sign it
and we do a giveaway so we're about to
do ours with Vern right now if Mario
lets us we got to get permission from
Mario Mario I think he wants to be in it
it just wouldn't be a trip to my house
without getting the ball paper and this
is this isn't this is our highlight of
the house right here because I'm not
throw away flat because you won't see my
head what we're trying to get a cool
photo of him on my own before your world
in how did you on this just stand up
Oh direct hit
I think the adults playing it more than
the kids although they do spend a lot of
time in here that's what in the ball pit
one two three
how'd it feel Mario don't do it Mario I
know this one's really good cuz we can
go down here maybe just up at the fish
tank so we are doing our photos real
quick these are great I really like
these this one is freaking instant
classic yeah you calling little
that is great summer came out with his
team we are working on a bigger project
and he came out we're working on that
and we just hung out for the last day
and a half
planning and executing something bigger
and better
so unfortunately got to cut the trip
short you guys are gonna fly out in the
morning
but we've had fun goofing off plan so
what are you guys about to down the
house
so we're gonna Tim you know we got the
new RC and it's it's like real-life
Mario Kart basically if we can I'm not
sure if it'll drive but we're gonna try
should we have some cushions like up
she's a Costa fire burns gotta be the
coolest sport ever
she needs me he bailed me on
you play oh yeah we're gonna start this
for the block it's not even started yet
it's really loud actually it's not
anything really is that Foster
okay Wow yo come on man that was in
advance that was all that was absolutely
awesome I can't believe we actually did
that I actually I actually thought about
doing that before you even arrived he's
like gasps fuse going through my head
little white headed but uh it was fun I
almost lost it on that corner though
setting a shelf but like when you when
you said you got fuse and you're feeling
funny Kane went so I hope you guys have
enjoyed Vern stay he's gonna take off in
the Mariana taking the airport at like
5:00 in the morning it's gonna be too
early it's gonna be brutal we've had a
great time
Vern you are one of the most humble
awesome dudes I've met you were so
genuine and awesome and guys fern has
started a YouTube channel would mean the
world to him and I to go destroy it all
your love go hit it they're actually
uploading their trip from their
perspective Verne's vision on that
channel so go smash it for us by the
time you're watching this the links on
the top of the description of this video
and I gotta say I wanna say thank you to
Roman I'm for all this up so uh
what do you mean thank me thank you
you're the one that flew here on your
jumbo jet gun in your jumbo limo Sanja
you're the one that paid for the limo
huh exactly there'll be a bigger one
next time I don't need it alright guys
that's it for us we're gonna edit we got
a lot of editing cuz we have to get up
at 4 a.m. so we're gonna do it all now
thank you guys again please please
please go smash his YouTube channel I
want to prove to these guys your power
that's the truth nobody everybody
underestimates you we love you we'll see
them all small one this is the Thurman
ATAR yeah how much is it where did they
say
it's got a it's only way 32 pounds so
hey you really wait 32 pounds
how much does Kane way
