what's up guys my morning is hectic look
at this we got to do this lottery
challenge you guys ready trying to do it
today running around like crazy Brits
running I'm running house is trashed so
what's up guys yeah just what's the
runaround I'm actually next day airing a
whole hard drive of all my vlog footage
there's gonna be a company using a bunch
of the footage for some cool stuff so
excited to see that it's a little bit of
a surprise I guess so I'm headed there
now I got a next day as a drummer so
exciting alright so I figured while I'm
at it - we'll get some cleaning supplies
for this and give it a hand wash I've
got iron in my water at home and it
always leaves these like light iron
spots on my windows kind of sucks I'm
gonna get some window spray
it's actually just me being really picky
about it they make it so hard with so
many options like glass cleaners glass
guys thoughts last glass how do you know
which one of yous all this wax and I
don't even I don't get into wax I don't
know how to do it but I need to learn
look at all this stuff boy look at these
did put your hand in here like a glove
so soft alright I was able to get well I
got a bunch of cleaning crap I usually
just buy a ton of these um these
microfiber towels for the car but I was
able to get a new new battery for my
quad I know if I told you guys this but
the battery's been dead I have to jump
it every time I get on it so I got a
brand-new battery finally yeah haha
surprise surprise you wanna go get some
ice cream I thought you had another
band-aid it's just stickers stickers
come on
and then I'm gonna do a strawberry
milkshake
all serving I missed you I think a
little place what's this quiskal didn't
used to work here not here but used to
work at one of these Hey
oh snap gonna spit in our food now it's
freaking beautiful out so sunny uh-oh
that is a big ice cream let me see bring
it over here why you being such what do
you got on air eyeball oh that's really
nice buddy sleep safe yeah hey now I'm
thinking about it
come on uess play softball here there
then we run over here after the game and
get hot dogs and ice cream mmm yeah hey
remembers hey I'll race you home you're
gonna win
hey got new battery for this
four-wheeler well you did beat me
actually straight-up took the highway
daddy's gonna have to hook it up we get
some change the battery in this thing in
years you got it yep said all we need
yeah let's go see mom yeah we got
unscrew Dee's oh you can help me
probably really hard at first oh you
know what screwdrivers not me big enough
oh that one's not big enough yeah let me
get a different one yeah okay hey okay
okay yeah try this one that's the socket
let me help you
righty tighty lefty loosey okay so
that's tight please my thing broke it's
broke all right lucky luckily I had
another one in it yeah did you got it oh
there we go that's me mechanics 101
right there oh oh yes we're just
dropping everything
out with the old in with the new
okay let's see if it works
oh we got green Oh
we need the seat we did it we got done
in now we get to cruise around don't you
want to hold on to the handlebars
instead of my legs I mean we're not
gonna go fast just this
alright guys I'm right back out of
course I've been in the truck a few
minutes so now I'll guys I'm super
excited for tomorrow our next special
guest to our home here in Ohio arrives
it's going to be a lot of fun I'll give
you a hint I never tell you who it is
but I'll give you a hint famous movie
star not a youtuber not a youtuber I
know a lot of you guys are going to keep
guessing youtubers not a youtuber movie
celebrity
can be fun I hope you guys are ready I
love this new style of doing this I love
Tizen I love making things surprises on
this channel I do a lot of surprises so
right now we're headed up instead of
answering all the emails I'm going to
tell you right now all the elements we
should be back on the smile more store
I'm going right now to get the rest of
the hoodies that have been out of stock
for weeks are finally done so I'm going
to get them right now everything should
be back up so if you've been waiting
grab it
something tells me my trucks not gonna
be big enough for this amount of boxes
we'll find out all right I see here this
looks like way more than last time we've
benefited okay not bad the back still
the phone we still got quite a bit I
guess we'll take them out of the box and
stack them or just hand me whoa - back
here with sleepy head you got room back
there I had to take them all out of the
boxes Lester e hey hey wakey wakey love
you boy
you won't go get some food are you
hungry yeah what do you want to eat I
have to say one of the worst parts of
new vehicles is that if you have any
weight on the passenger seat the seat
belt hang dings it beeps you should be
able to disconnect that if you want you
know if you're I've had a gallon of milk
on here before and it beeps so this is
kind of a pain but oh boy we're maxing
it out
we got it we got it buddy so by the time
we got all these boxes and everything
loaded up Britney starts her yoga class
with her ladies
so Cain and I are gonna get some dinner
we're both hungry Oh cuz you're boo-boo
yeah how about I carry you daddy's got
you
are you ready to eat oh my gosh you're
so strong little right now you ditched
me he's switching sides on me until I
haven't eaten today steak potatoes steak
ribs
I mean mac and cheese and oranges like
you wanted oh my god so much food Cain
you gonna help me eat this you better
help me eat it can some french fries
I'm truly stuff I hate so much like this
couple bites of steak left
this was ketchup I love macaroni hey hey
are you full
look at that belly oh oh my goodness
look at their muscles must spin from all
that mac and cheese and ketchup
alright we're out of there I'm so
frigging full that was overkill what
why'd you let me eat that much our stuff
still here just sitting ducks it's like
a there's like a free free smile more
store in the back of the truck cane and
all right we made it back look at this
place man so many of you have emailed me
I know a lot of you don't care at all
about this a lot of you have emailed
about the stock and inventory they're
finally getting it back fully stocked
and we're ready so everything's back in
stock we should put it on tonight so
what time you guys watching this it's up
all the hoodies are in and all our new
designs are dropping in a couple weeks
brand new designs all new colors all new
t-shirts all new artwork so exciting
about that so excited about that and
yeah that's it that's why whoa do it and
then it was about David Obama Cain's
totally resting up from booboo mode it's
gonna get better dude I know it sucks
getting hurt man just put peroxide all
over it just see it all foam and bubble
and clean out mommy's out here roasting
marshmallows if I ever showed you guys
the mountain that we have outside way up
crazy it's a way bigger mountain yeah I
know you guys I don't know if you guys
knew we lived by the mountains it's
crazy no it's actually a cloud but both
of us were like man that looks just like
the mountains when you're way out west
you just put your face in it all the way
you gotta like it's really cold out
tonight we were like let's light a fire
and cuddle up but it's cold like this
isn't even helping at all
your hair on your hair is in it
literally was in it I could the only
thing good as the June bugs are finally
gone oh my gosh it's like living in a
house full of clowns
how would you be if I just kicked this
window in just shattered it alright guys
I'm going to wrap up the vlog right now
we're gonna get ready for our special
guests to arrive tomorrow I hope you're
ready for that to be really fun exciting
we're also gonna shoot our lottery a
challenge tomorrow outside hopefully
it's nice out and we're just gonna
prepare for our new guests to come to my
so as you know it's always a lot of work
getting this place ready for them and
giving them a good time
so it's the big limo we're gonna get
something nice tomorrow's nice nice limo
okay we're doing a stretch limo tomorrow
for the pickup and it's gonna be black
it's just gonna be a nice fancy limo
that's it guys I hope you enjoyed
today's a little just basically me and
cane running around doing things and
everything we're doing right now is just
to prepare for tomorrow so it's really
boring but we're gonna get it done and
question of the day is who is coming who
are we picking up in a big fancy black
limousine could be anybody's not a
youtubers to stop saying uhmm see you
guys tomorrow
we love you smile more we're doing today
here get out of your purse I don't know
if they how they seen what this looks
like this is gray
hey here you go you guys ever seen
$1,000 looks like that's it
