what's up my friends I hope your day I
say every day is awesome I'm just
starting my day I want to show you guys
something I don't know if you've ever
seen this right here um you see that
that's man stuff that's what happens
when you turn into a man I can almost
grow it you know it's really funny as I
can shave my whole face except my
mustache and leave it and you can't even
tell
oh my god good Fanny Oh stupid she tried
making a point when Dr Pepper oh yes you
guys remember those jokes you're my
totally forgot about the joke still you
have a 10 year old swinging on a swing
set telling your mama jokes I forgot all
about that I bet you guys got some good
ones
I'm shudder at now Kansas and your mama
we're heading to mom all's grandma she
we finally get to show you her new car
now that the prank is up I can actually
like spoil it now I didn't want to show
that part of the prank that was like the
biggest secret of all of it so yeah
we're going to go there right now take a
picture for my Instagram
 hang out with my boys I guess we
should have that that that Britt is
shopping with her mom and sister I think
for my birthday my birthday isn't like
long you haven't even seen it yet have
you
check it out man got the bow on her
dirty that's all right if it's dirty
it's at least you're getting use out of
it how are you loving it or what I love
it I love it I love it I know it's
already been days and days but it's
beautiful
and it drives so nice and her her flip
phone has Bluetooth so she can talk I
can talk I can't believe that it has
bluetooth on that he has super dirty but
it looks beautiful I love that blue
really nice blue are you are you just
driving around with the red ball on top
blow off the big present ya know since
you're here maybe you can explain how
you came up with the name mo Wiggy no
one named the cat mo Wiggy one day me
and Owen were like thinking of names and
iPhone said McGee it was so weird that
we all kept the name Wiggy yeah not me
because I don't couldn't remember sure
about the head over to my mom and dad's
to go swimming and
kind of looks like a war zones about the
hit time time time
all right Clifford your drinking
problems really starting convenience me
now I got to go out in the rain oh you
got to do it
Jane you got to get out do it you got to
so much for getting this out look at
this thing look at keenly the size of
Kane and look at this
it takes up to full seats Wow
all right we got to do it on three one
two you know what it's actually kind of
relaxing check out the sunshine coming
oh it's what I love about Ohio you just
wait five minutes if you don't like the
weather it's gonna get sunny yeah I can
see it back there we might still be able
to swim canes sir yeah I'm so concerned
about it only you came would have boots
and flip-flops on all right we're
looking out with some sunshine boys
who's ready you know I really hate when
a beautiful Mouse takes a nap right
there is he sleeping yeah no he's not
yeah he is let's say that he's sleeping
there all right no you first make a run
for it run Forrest two three go how's it
feel
my parents got these awesome well it's
like flashing on the camera look how
there it is I was weird anyway they got
these these like a like a planner you
can put a plant in here too it's a big
pot my brother had the best idea just
fill it with ice and put like drinks in
it at parties but look it's got this
controller and it'll change any color
you want red yellow blue green
that's so sweet and then you can dim it
strobe it flash ding ding ding ding ding
blue yellow purple pink orange green
blue okay so we just walk back home
knowing the kids swam a little bit I
didn't actually got my swim trunks
though but I chickened out I just sat by
the pool
told you guys really Brittany's out
birthday shopping for me and she's with
her mom and they're having some fun
girls day I mean the boys hang out so
that means junk food it's still good I
mean I'm still alive this is what I
lived on yes we're good Kayne when
you're gonna clean up the lights and the
cameras come on man this is your job
dude I told you if you're gonna live
here you got to do it
what is with this so think we're gonna
eat real quick no I actually ate at my
mom's he had this awesome rice and
sausage and so I'm just gonna make these
for Kane and then we're gonna bust out
the rcs the big one all right guys got a
bunch of GoPro mounts going to tune this
thing real quick apparently it's really
easy and I want to mount a GoPro to it
see if we can get some cool footage this
thing is massive it's kind of hard to
tell on camera how big it is but it's
got a full uh gasoline weed eater in it
23 CC motor it's like this thing was
made for a GoPro mount it's got a hard
sole atop it matches everything awesome
go produce pull off to fall don't think
so
I think it did what did I see for I saw
something full really I don't see
anything
I had a screen on the back
well bit
what do you think
here we go here we go
take your time take your time with it
yeah
it is as big as he is
there you go so you gotta go you gotta
go up the board
me
oh man wipe
yeah come here come here push that red
button mold it down
good job you killed it all right we just
destroyed a water my baby water is that
little one Cain got at the store the
other day what are you guys doing in
here I try to I try to clean for a
second you got the whole house torn
apart that's okay
it's definitely a little cave you guys
got the rough life now nope big big jump
game big jump whoa
actually never seen the couch look like
this this is a whole new oh I know I
know these guys are busy so I'm not
gonna bother you but here's a fun little
fact I used to dip my pizza in
applesauce and I loved it and I still do
it to this date I love cinnamon
applesauce and pizza does anybody do
that have you ever done that all right
yeah bye
secret escape door so I don't know if me
and know I've ever told you guys this we
got a board from the store it's magnet
board and we collect magnets everywhere
we travel whether I go in film I get one
or we go somewhere we get one and we
travel all over I mean when we do travel
we buy a magnet go ahead and we finally
just now got a board form and there's
some really cool ones and is actually
really hard to get this was out west I
forget where Utah this is uh when you
went to Utah Los Angeles Niagara Falls
Canada /us Cape Hatteras North Carolina
hi oh you remember when we went to Ohio
what's this one all this one we just got
in Puerto Rico that's cool
Arizona Arizona New York New York baby
Chicago Chicago
Toronado Toronto Canada that's in Canada
tour not us Toronado Canada it's a real
place of it Dallas Texas baby Dallas on
the mat what to Texas yeah what's that
Santa Monica been a lot South South
Dakota Bahama Islands we haven't even
opened it he should open it up this one
needs fixed I got this in Egypt at the
bottom of the pyramids there was a guy
selling these magnets at the bottom of
the pyramids and I got it there so we
just need that one fixed just told you
Oh Hawaii the big pineapple one then
London yeah there's a Finland one what's
that one
Orlando London Georgia this was um
Thailand when we went and visited the
ruins and
ruins Georgia San Diego that's right did
my speech for clever cut not clever to
stem hinge that was awesome
had so much fun there that's Canada to
to Montreal
yeah Helsinki buy it Miami Beach Miami
Charlotte North Carolina well I guess a
lot of North Carolina that's cuz we
always gather that was um st. Thomas st.
Thomas Island Las Vegas the Bahamas got
a couple Hollywood sing um Philadelphia
Billy Frankfurt US Germany and that was
uh I got that in Japan Tokyo Japan an
Francisco yeah it's not bad I think
there's actually some more downstairs
but dude this is gonna look so awesome
when it's full yeah I think so
until we start adding to it we're gonna
travel our whole lives this we're going
to need four of these boards by the time
we're done so this is really cool to
know and I we collect these and we get
them when we travel and wherever I go I
try to get one sometimes I forget like I
don't have
I need a magnet a magnet from Paris
France when I went to Paris I didn't get
a magnet so that's not on the board
30:38 so we need a Paris France magnet
to go with or troph there's so many I
think that's missing downstairs but I'll
find them that's pretty rad man um we'll
hang it up maybe this week
panty man might have to stop by and hang
it up no I mean we just need to glue a
magnet onto it this one is one of my
favorites
let me go I think it might fit we'll
measure it up what is it is that the way
you measure now I think yeah see that's
pretty good I think it'll fit we can
probably put it right there
put it up eyes to the kids don't comes
through all the magnets they're getting
braver every day more feisty I know I
could listen nobody else is getting any
cuz he's just eating it
no I've got one kids they're going
through oh I'm so gentle and the little
ones so feisty you think it'd be
opposite - well you're feisty in your
little thanks Jen hey you know we have
to do tomorrow the people have spoken
what we have to spend a thousand dollars
unless you spend it all today do we have
any money left is the account empty yes
or straight-up guys I want to be a we
wanted to do this lottery ticket prank
I'm not prank challenge I'm all
scrambled up tonight want to do this
challenge but I wasn't sure if we should
do it and you know it kind of
contemplated a few days but I told you
guys that if the vlog got 50,000 likes I
would do it straight up I'll go spend
$1,000 and do a challenge on lottery
tickets and it's going to be fun cuz you
guys are going to be involved with it
but you guys I mean look I told you guys
if we got 50,000 likes that we would do
the lottery challenge the vlog in two
hours got 50,000 likes so yeah that's
that we're not gonna do it tomorrow I'm
gonna get everything tomorrow's will be
a really funny vlog like how many how
many gas stations are we gonna have to
go into to get all this stuff you don't
have a boat don't you think we should go
to like different places like I'm sure
you can spend a thousand bucks like that
on lottery if you buy the twenty dollar
ones that's only fifty lottery tickets
so I don't know which ones we should get
should we scrambling mix it up should we
just do big ones that's it 50 big ones
not because I don't wanna be scratching
all dead I would
take it one take that long you guys tell
me help me out what should we do should
we get a bunch of random from different
gases from different places or should we
just walk in thousand dollars worth a
lottery tickets
I don't know help me out on that look at
all the tickets they're gonna
everybody's going to be involved the
challenge is you're gonna guess I'm
gonna guess what dollar figure we're
gonna have after we've scratched all the
lottery tickets less than what we spent
for sure
well that's up to you to decide and you
guys are gonna comment the closest
number so you guys are going to leave
your comments what number are we gonna
end up with we've spent $1,000 yeah I
think we'll end up with like 400 I'd say
yeah half maybe close to have I don't
know I have never bought a lottery
you've never bought a ticket so we
really don't know how this works
um I'm actually excited to see the
outcome yeah and then whatever if if we
earn anything above 1000 that we should
do something with that money that's you
know yeah you know what I'm not gonna
keep the money we're gonna do something
with it fun yeah like like my another RC
car now we'll just guess we'll just go
we'll go throw it at the homeless
shelter or something yeah what if we win
big you have to buy a 50-mile on my
shoulder 15,000 no this we cool we're
gonna make it fun and gonna make it
interesting in and of course give back
with it so thank you guys for blastin
like button now we get to spend a
thousand bucks tomorrow all right guys
I'm going to end the vlog exactly where
I started it today getting ready for bed
actually uh no new pump oh I'm actually
going to UM thank you guys for second
for the new prank I'm so glad that looks
like 99% of you loved it
there's always going to be a little hate
but that's just YouTube and the fastest
way to fail is to try to make everyone
love you I just do my thing guys I'm
glad you liked it
I asked you guys for two hundred
thousand likes I think I believe that
we'll hit it maybe have already
you guys are unbelievable thank you
thank you thank you thank you we will
see tomorrow is going to be a super fun
day really cool day we're doing some
cool things so yeah that's all I got for
you thank you guys so much for all the
love again and again and again I can sit
there many times it still won't be
enough tell me in the comments right now
how we should do the lottery thing $1 $5
$10 $20 all mixed and scrambled or
should we just do all big ones or should
how should we do it
help me I'm really struggling with this
one thank you guys we'll see them all
smile more you're awesome
Oh
