what's up everybody we are one day away
one day we're out of here a good way to
good way to put it we're taking the kids
and leave it oh hi out of here
are you ready for a good time yes not
Cain he refuses to smile okay no smile
and what did I tell you you're headed to
just run to the store real quick little
store to grab we're all like still
surviving the sickness Cain's confident
Noah's calm I'm calm Britt's the only
one as it went down it's our goal this
week's is to get her sick we got to grab
the kids to some little flip-flops and
maybe up extra pairs for us look at you
man look at you oh hold no his hand okay
such a good friggin time to get out of
this place it's been snowing all day
well it's been like fluorine just snow
huh daddy's gonna be both of you oh
you're too fast too furious usual
cuteness will address the hurt
sunglasses
try it on he's finally reached that age
where he knows because last year he'd
have been like yeah yeah doggy
is perfect of it your shirt oh man you
would look so cool he's already got a
tie on
not a bowtie shirt you guys look awesome
bowties
okay did you find them some shorts no I
know oh let's focus with stick to the
plan
huh supposed to wear them on your hands
how's a good shot
Oh
all right dad you're gonna get kicked
out camo camo camo and Batman okay now
look at Noah oh you know couple pairs of
swim trunks shirt for Easter I think
we're doing good good imagine wearing
this getting eaten by a shark
hey if you guys want when we got an
extra Cain we got two now we have two
canes they're dressed just the same so
if you want one give me a call
let's get the heck out of here I don't
last very long and clothing stores whoo
oh if you watch yesterday's vlog that
you know I failed tremendously and
getting the elgato to record the
gameplay I just want to thank everybody
that's hit me up today on Twitter DM me
you guys are incredible everybody giving
me every type of way to make that work
so thank you for that now my sinuses are
so plugged right now so bad
I'm also really where we leave to off
for our trip that I'm so worried about
the internet so worried
and all to put it
I just want everyone to know if there's
nine of vlog uploaded
the best believe I tried all day to get
it up but it's
I'm guessing that will be okay but still
kind of a little worried about a little
bit but I think we'll be all go I'll see
I can't wait to get out of here do you
like it
good job all right so coffee you can
sleep on it if you are I don't know
maybe not tonight because we got to go
to vacation tomorrow so it's Friday we
have of course we did pizza on Fridays
when I was growing up my parents called
it pop and party night Friday nights was
poppin party night popcorn movies pop
and party poppin party I think my
parents still used the term pop and
party night oh yeah
so tonight you guys know we leave
tomorrow keep saying it but my mom and
dad are coming over maybe my brother his
wife and kids are coming over and we
could do a poppin party I guess it's
gonna be a nice little yeah maybe so
somebody posted on Twitter like things
for white people and the comment was
just Hawaiian pizza somebody tagged me
yeah cuz I've been addicted to it for
like the last two weeks yeah exactly
no didn't get pizza he wanted a cheesy
broccoli suit cheddar broccoli cheddar
broccoli I'll get it right eventually
okay so without saying where we're going
what do you think the trips gonna be
like no what do you want to do
warm okay and snorkeling
that's pretty what about you what do you
think it's gonna be like what do you
want to do wait
bask in the Sun be a little Lobster yeah
my big bro just got here even though
he's younger than me and better in every
way
hey Jess we are hanging out gonna play
some games in a fight there's nothing
you can do I'm gonna be a big family
night tonight
they just yeah call over the controller
no that's awesome that's so deep there's
four kids under there
really
that's so deep
this room gets more attention hey
remember the house we needed we really
need to just put a TV in here the kids
can just play all the clowns in the
world it's actually pretty comfortable
ah it's the best place to learn how to
juggle because if you drop off you can
just pick another one up see I'm just
always practicing
at once just gonna play up here all
night
uh you guys like the ballroom you want
piggyback ride you ready to go the beach
no me neither let's just stay home in
this now you want Stannis no stuff you
do okay I'm gonna go cancel the trip you
let me go cancel it okay
you just want me to cancel the trip yeah
no I didn't think so
I thought you were just kidding Wow
what are you working on over here Jess
what is always trying to come out with
the concoction no one made me in Jamaica
$54.00 what is it all Dale
it doesn't look red I know it's because
it's all this too much purple SEC don't
look hey did you forget that oh no it's
in there I really mean only wrote one
yeah business trying to fuck up okay
stuff together no it's still tragic it's
a madhouse
this thing's seen some airports
this one this is good one oh my gosh yes
good okay this will be my stuff is have
you became sawsan sure okay hi just give
me a grocery bag full of swim trunks
alright guys like I have the habit to do
I don't pull my camera out much when all
the family's here I think it's like I go
in to visit mode and family mode and
push your mode yeah you just need some
sleep man porno is like just coming off
of the sickness so I think you're gonna
be perfect by tomorrow you should get
some sleep
you have me can you hug me one one hug
daddy's all he needs we're gonna have so
much fun this week man sleep perfect
have an awesome dream a little dude is
just not feeling that good man I'm
worried cuz we leave tomorrow didn't
clean the upstairs got all the trash out
that's good one kid down one to go
that's always bad off hey he's got your
suitcase you got everything you want to
take
we're gonna take a big suitcase huh yeah
okay well yeah we can take more stuff in
a big suitcase between me Britt and the
kids we have an abundance freaking shoes
the shoes all these converse play this
funny thing is you can't tell Noah's
apart from Britney's because no actually
wears the same shoes shut suit no
actually wears the same shoe size as
Britney right now so these are Noah's
these are Britney's actually noses are a
little bigger but we literally have with
any converse that's uh pretty much our
whole shoe selection that's it
just trying to organize cleaned up wha
this what you're wearing to the airport
yeah what should I wear
forget about you what's daddy gonna wear
that's what everyone's looking at I got
so many choices girls there's so many
choices guys are like swim trunks so
actually I actually do like both of
these these are sweet that's good yeah
what's weird real good look at this
it's but big starfish is that thing
that's alien my camera won't focus ah
come on middle right here is like a star
not maybe this one they're called a
starfish or something yeah there's a
perfect star in the middle of his mouth
that's so clear it's like he's got like
a different kind of a surface just like
he's got a baby starfish inside him yeah
hopefully my shorts still fit me I
gained like half a pound this year I
don't know I know I really like me I've
never heard heard Hawaii there get these
annoying huh oh I don't remember where
at these I'm ready
you should go out and that snow round it
oh don't you dare you just got it all
over yourself
make a snow angel it's looking y'all
right
I just told Brittany to try on another
bathing suits myself they came and try
to snow on look it's just a little snow
blow that's bad that's bad
oh okay well it's a beach day at the
house was snow Oh can't you sleep kids
asleep oh it's so bad popsicle but I
think it out of here can you put that in
the vlog
all right put some clothes on let's get
serious we're gonna have to do it's
midnight it's I know it's late I started
edit this vlog okay now I'm gonna wire
it up cuz that snow outside my whole
butt is wet so I got wet but I got me
alright now that I'm a pumped-up and
amped up from the cold
we uh we told you that Brittany found
this old pal endure agenda where she
kept like everything about her meeting
me and meeting Noah and meeting my
parents and it's like a little a little
journal so we thought we'd get it out
tonight to wrap up the vlog for today
and just go over some of the stuff it's
pretty it's pretty funny holy cow
2008 it's the first time we started
talking ah time flies and having fun so
this book is literally a flashback of
the very first days that we met and we
talked and it's like the first four
months yeah like the most little detail
things she wrote down that I never even
knew about like this is all like my car
my van all I had when we met was a work
van a white work van and it broke down
and didn't you know you didn't come no I
was going to but I told you not to yeah
your brother Dale to the rescue always
saved and like didn't get to see my
wonderful who the heck's that yeah
that's the first day we said I love you
what day was that Friday the January
night January night so it took remember
December only a month and a half of like
serious talking before we said I love
you mm-hmm uh what a lot of you guys
don't know or both the kids are super
shot like Cain on camera like with us
you see them these crazies wild but in
public when when people come up to us
he's super shot he usually hide behind
one of us Noah was the exact same way it
took him how long before he talked to
you like not that long
not long but I mean like he was shy so
like she wrote down the first time Noah
talked to her because it was such a such
a the first time he tried to say my name
- it was like he just called you that
one girl yeah is this the one girl and
he loved Indiana Jones and I'd like
stack up the like cushions and he'd run
and like flip into him yeah why don't
talk to me
I was so fun I'd miss I actually missed
that no it was so little he's like no
hurricane sighs and yeah just the hair
order but yeah you heal up when you came
over this wet went sledding with Rowan
that's so cute like you kept all this
stuff so crazy this is the first time I
Earth's what woman's parents watch
mallcop movie today - ramen and then the
day before I had a great day with my
love stayed with sis stayed with love
that's cuz I always stayed with you
there February 8 2000 it's till 2008
2009 2009 she has a written fish store
so whoever I was taking you to fish
stores even back then and smoky Boas
nothing's changed it's still all the
same so when all this is going on all
this stuff I still didn't have my
youtube channel yet that blows my mind
I wonder what day I started my youtube
channel I had the Roman Atwood you are
out like the Roman out with YouTube
channel way before I uploaded on it like
I grabbed the name that's probably a
good idea but yeah like we were together
a long time before I started YouTube
that's crazy good
February 18th was a big day for us my
van Gogh fakes Thanks for writing it
down and he's been trying oh yeah what
day did it break down January 6 Wow
so from January 6 to February 18 my van
was brought you drove your mom's car
remember what kind of car was that I was
such a catch honey you know no remember
your parents are like wait you knew that
far what kind of car that mmm yes it
took more than a month to fix my broken
van I don't know what you saw on me
good luck Jill no vehicle I knew no
career nothing it's just us just me I
guess that's it you were just you God
that page is unbelievable on March 15th
it's our four months with me and then on
March 21st this is Roman films all day
man I must have been starting to film
where was the hit
and that was the sketch that I was in
yeah so really before so four months in
I was I was working on my stuff I failed
so hard for so long you didn't fail
you just didn't - good no I was having
fun you did yeah I wasn't that you
didn't there's no part of me like I'm
gonna make a career out of youtube ever
that never crossed my mind
let's just idle step fun and then the
next week we went to that film festival
together in Cincinnati yeah there's
another one Roman films rain all day
until we still live in Ohio I gotta go I
gotta go I gotta leave you guys because
I gotta still edit this we gotta leave
tomorrow look I put here that I had a
bad dream
oh hey bad dream I'm still in love with
Roman he's my everything forever that's
how many months under a lot of pressure
on me alright I love you guys thank you
for all the love and support I hope you
enjoyed a little history of Brittany and
I I know I did this is a nice little
flashback I actually missed those times
funny this is the sidewalk we played
outside via pictures from that day
member I wore like the white skirt with
the high socks I remember I gotta go
stop alright guys thank you from the
bottom of our hearts for all the love
and support we will see you tomorrow for
our big trip most its miles of travel
will just be traveling but of course
we'll bring you along thanks for all the
likes you guys are amazing
we'll see you tomorrow keep a big smile
on your face
we love you smile
the gentlemen keen at work
