welcome guys welcome to the beautiful
Bahamas I like your hair today let me
see the back
let me see the other side whoa looking
good so I know how you've been wanting a
boat right like something boys want so I
got you a boat what'd you think of that
it's a real real real ding-dong I did
Yamaha
welcome guys we're about to hop on this
boat apparently and take a trip to a
very very unique snorkel spot on this
island a national park here which means
which means beautiful fish beautiful
scenery beautiful shots so let's go
let's take a ride and die everybody's
joining in good a lot oh it looks like
glass it is Marbley this is gonna be off
boom Bret are you sitting in the back
with me let's do it
here we go boys hope you're ready to see
some fish put your head down there put
your head right there Jase Jase put your
head right here come on you got to we'll
take your hat off
Oh
things ready for this hold on keep
pulling up getting on these guys next so
revealing dropped off here at this beach
we're all hopping on jet skis wave
runners whatever you want to call on
nice parking job my man hey you guys
sure you don't want me just take one jet
ski and I pull everybody on the banana I
can pull a banana boat guys no I can
pull everybody on the hot dog right I
think that sounds like a better way to
get to the island all right guys I'm
switching over to GoPro which seems to
be working on this trip very well and
we're gonna jump on these skis and head
to this beautiful beautiful snorkel spot
guys no you guys know in the States our
bumper boats look a lot different than
this yeah yeah I got dry goods in there
are you ready why are you trying to take
my ski bro we'll get off here I don't
want to fight this is us this is us
ready you ready hold up for a second
I'll show you guys the magic is waters
magic look at this alright look at that
Wow
okay guys so we've made it to this
beautiful little island I mean little I
mean it just goes right here it goes
around actually chase about to throw a
drone up I'll show you the size of this
island I mean a very small you're lying
why are you always lying what know you
have propellers no no no you're just
kidding about the whole drone thing yes
scratch that's everything of my drone
except the propellers but you can't fly
alright guys no more messing around I
would honestly say this is probably the
clearest water I've ever seen in my life
I mean it's just breathtaking absolutely
breathtaking Britt and I are about to
jump in hopefully catch some stuff for
you guys we're just enjoying this day
man beautiful hope you're having a great
day too let's get under this
crystal-clear water
I'll and I'll and okay well that was a
fantastic snorkel trip now we got crabs
on the beach oh he's fast oh he's fast
one I got one of them fast crabs good
and while we were out there rolling made
a call and got the hill blades for the
drone you demander chase was able to get
the drone out and get some crazy footage
I'm gonna get absolutely insane out here
guys I hope you're enjoying these vacay
vlogs we are having a great time that
was great out there beautiful like dead
you get that grouper they are so joint
group ride I don't let Hank I got the
tail end of him
the second I sped up it was like gone he
could feel my legs like I was dead
silent like an eagle red man but that
thing was just like there's a nice sea
turtle over there I couldn't catch
something maybe you can see it in there
I don't know oh you got your fam at a
Dorito crab yeah that mr. Krabs
give me a money on this boy Rob's over
there now we get to hop back on these
scooters and hit the water head open
water
never want to leave guys this is so
pretty the water is like a pool swimming
pool okay there's a stingray moving over
here I'm gonna try to catch him on the
vlog camera cuz I don't have my GoPro
it's about to pass by look at this look
at this he's literally coming right - oh
he's just starting around you see him he
definitely sees me here he goes
this is so beautiful he's know he's
coming right to me he's always burying
himself he's under the sand that is so
awesome
his body you're he's right here right
behind this big rock he thinks he's
hiding but he's not hiding you gonna
ruffle his feathers I just want to see
him scoot he ain't moving
he's chill touch how much your GoPro
whoa very goes how cool is that that is
an underwater alien spaceship right
there go hump on the Hogs get back to
the rest of the family
right back where we started I was an
absolute amazing trick like fantastic
good trip gain what's up dude you
burying yourself that looks fun
boom dude you're Barrett can you get out
you're like a kid all he's the volcano
for real shooting out of the boy no
how'd he get out he likes it
sleepy flap oh she's I'm so sorry she's
happy to see me that daddy always ruins
naptime I want to eat you I'm with you
this is hot pizza yeah you help yourself
from up herself she's stretchy daddy
woke her up hi baby
peekaboo what happened if you I had no
idea what would happen if you stepped on
a conk I don't know if that's the answer
I was looking for oh dude the Talon okay
guys so we just finished up some food
price still got peace on my face and
look at this gorgeous beautiful perfect
sunshine how was your day little man
burned out no still got energy like you
could run out the ocean right now video
games all day you know what I mean like
your body you're using your your mind
and your body
kids are burning so much even for us
we're doing more and day than we
normally would at home kind of yeah yeah
we are yeah it's gonna be about that
time you don't know what it is this time
next year should be running through it
hey guys we are truly warping past a lot
of time we have hung out a lot
off-camera this evening which is not
that normal for this trip we've been
really killing it hopefully you've
enjoyed hanging out with all of us
he's crazy he's outta control it's mater
dodging dodging limbs you dodging limbs
that was so fun today guys thank you so
much again and again and for being a
part of our journey our trip are our day
every single day we've been trying
really hard to keep uploading each day
especially on this trip try my best to
just film as much as possible I messed
up tonight and didn't film we all went
down to one of our rooms and we all just
hung out and it was chaos so we'll see
you tomorrow thanks filled support on
everything you are beautiful you are one
of a kind
smile
you
