dead ahead attendant ah what's up guys
filling Clifford with gas guzzling it
drinker you guys know art you guys know
our trucks got a drinking problem always
thirsty huh
hang on King I'm sure what Romans do
nothing less why
you can't get in the car I know but he
told me he can't he said don't I don't
want help but his glasses were stuck in
between the door to see I got those for
him so should be alright
wow what a feat get in that car pretty
nice day today little cooler than
earlier this week we are picking up you
guys have been killing us with winter
you get new merch in stock and we're
here today to finally get it looks like
ours we got a ton of stuff guys ready so
apologize for being out of inventory but
you guys know we've been super busy with
so many other things and today's the day
to get things back in winter I'm waitin
here and no backup no trust me back that
sounds like ups dropped off I would just
back up if I was you we got a ton of
stuff time I will just back it up let me
do it let me do it let me do it
I trust you but I just wanted to
you'll turn the camera off and I'll
still do it yeah so you got a film while
I upload that you upload
we're filling the truck filling her up
wait all these - no okay good all right
it's okay
canes can have to ride up front with us
to get all this in here go right up
front with mommy daddy so what these are
our newest products we haven't even told
you guys about their dog shirts for dogs
we have all the sizes and we're actually
here trying to plan that's this month oh
my god a little leg holes can't go wear
that now so we're trying to slide where
we want to print our smile more logos on
it question kind of is do we go
this way which is fine this one obvious
even the problem but that one the little
one logo is going to be or do we go this
way
down the back always be the same size at
that length but decisions decisions
what the heck happened to that song you
know how big a song was it's the big I
think that one song has more views on
YouTube than every single video I've
ever made combined on whole channels I'm
an exercise like billions of years that
is crazy to think about we need to find
that video and post it up of King
dancing to the song when he was like a
year old I just got back home in
yesterday's vlog I showed you we bought
them baby bananas this is what we woke
up to this morning
King came into the bathroom and laid
them all on a piece of toilet paper cane
come here did you put those there yeah
why would it were they ripening on the
floor right by the toilet so I'm leaving
I'm about to go do something really
ridiculous but really Roman really what
I do
hey I'll be right back I love you maybe
we'll drive some RC cars tonight
bye guys I ran out to do something
really different I was it's the first
time I'm turning my back on a video I
want to do it could be the first time
I'm chickening out I'm not chicken
chickening is that a real word I'm
backing out and I don't want to tell you
why I've been wanting to this video for
like two weeks it's super easy um I'm
just gonna tell you I'll edit it out of
this if I don't want to use it basically
I come up with this idea it's kind of a
challenge for Brittany and I um
basically I was gonna take I got a bunch
of checks and I'll explain that later I
got a bunch of checks from my videos my
videos go out to TV networks and they go
out to MTV and truTV and all these all
these TV shows you guys see me on they
send checks for those I got a bunch of
them in and I was like well let's take
one of these checks and turn it into
another video instead of just putting in
the bank let's just cash it and turn it
into another video so I said let's take
let's take $1,000 let's take $1,000 and
buy lottery tickets and then each of us
guess what number we're going to end up
with when you scratch them all off I
thought it'd be a cool video I've never
bought a lottery ticket my life so
although I'd be taking money I made off
videos to make more videos I just feel
like that one is like I feel like maybe
there's something better we could do
with a thousand dollars I just think
it's cool video nobody's done it so if
you want to see me do this video tell me
I'm gonna hold off today on it
I really kind of want to do it but I
don't want to do it you know what I mean
but it'd be kind of cool it's like an
experiment spend a thousand dollars on
lottery tickets and see what you end up
with because I've never in my life
bought a lottery ticket
I always said you could make a million
before you could win a million so that's
my spiel I guess this is one of my
problems I come up with the craziest
ideas and I want to put them on video
and sometimes I got I got a stand back
and think about it you know so if you
guys want to see it I'm down to do it
but you know I get it
hey I didn't uh I didn't do it no I did
it I was cane playing the drums sounds
like me I don't know I haven't decided
not to I just haven't decided to do it
right now I ask the viewers if I should
do it or not hi I heard you playing
you're rocking it okay so before I
unload the truck Brittany's been dying
to do this thing as she's so online
sometimes these cups grow mold inside of
them yeah it's like right here under the
rim or waters not supposed to be but I
can see that it may happen so what you
gonna do smash it yeah I'm gonna have to
like run it over with the truck oh my
god that thing is tough I mean do it
again
three times a charm
Oh Lightning McQueen well now he wants
to now that he gets to run it over he's
excited okay that one checks out there
was nothing underneath the rim it's
supposed to be like a spot where you can
get mold up under these cups but that
one checks out ah and blown away with
how strong these cups are yeah that's
unbelievable
maybe this way I'm good dad I'll do it
All Right see you definitely no mold on
this one clean as a whistle
I'd say that the myth may not be
entirely true when you see something
online don't always believe it I believe
it could happen but in this instance it
did not happen so I say that it's false
false false
you are rocket we're gonna unload all
this merch get it back up on the stores
for you guys
got it push all right I'll take it from
here
good job Cain you helped me get all
these in well maybe just that one okay
so we're gonna be full I'm embarrassed
to show you guys these shelves I don't
know if empty shelves are a good thing
or a bad thing
but they're super empty we got like
double this amount of boxes coming this
is just the start of it lots of orders
going out
everything's rockin everything's rolling
hmm
let's look so good I get so little
pieces that well read some some homemade
deep fried chicken which is delicious
barbecue sauce this stuff alright well I
guess since we're eating dinner the fish
can have some dinner too so many new
ones one I really need to clean the
glass before I film it it's still pretty
look at that
might as well do too Britt said today
they were eating out of her hand
and we want to see if they will do it
for you guys on the blog that's
unbelievably colorful I can't get over
it
I'm so in love with this tank yeah look
they know haha stood troll fingers in
there if you're brave enough usually hey
you know where's your I see I got a
little blues a little blue ones do but
uh see if we get the big guys - uh-oh I
hope mine doll he's super venomous hmm
please never come this close they're not
hungry enough cuz you already fed him
today yeah the big tansy in it
only the Braves getting food all right
well a little bit some of them hate it
that's cool
fishing my fish are starting to love us
usually it's him he's coming up pal oh
he's doing it did you get it yeah a
little bit
it's a little blue but it still looks
nice starfish is laying in that coral
fuzzy leg it's like a little hammock how
do you see what your mom's doing what is
going on this is this is how it orders
are getting done they've been down here
laughing for ten minutes
let's see it bounces all visit sorry
guys if your orders aren't going out I
apologize this think they got the fizzy
lifting bubbles they're going they're
going crazy down there I know I need to
clean the tank is is this how you eat
chocolate chip cookies Wow huh I can hey
I got an idea from here come here
follow me or you can just wait right
here I'll get it okay hey ready I have
no idea if this is gonna work
let's give it a little test told you no
problem yeah yeah you fell inside you go
are you ready yes I think we need some
weight on the RC car
hello it works really good you think you
can pull me how you doing oh stop stop
what then what you know what then oh
that's all you don't do that in the
house it'll buff out way to go Rex Eddie
go try it again
well you gotta eat don't have slack in
the rope don't put any slack in it I
keep it tight yeah like that it'll start
slow Hey
okay go Kane I don't know I think that
could be a new thing you just stand on
your skateboard and drive yourself with
an hour see car could see that like
Santa Monica
oh all right guys I'm going to cut it
off right there it's time to end it I
gotta keep working on the new prank
every night until it's done it's a lot
it's a lot to do and I'm very excited
passionate about this one and you know
thank you guys for all the loyalty the
support and you know I was thinking
today I'm not just creating these videos
for my family to look back on 20 years
from now I'm also using them as a tool
to inspire people like yourself
to do what you want to do and in the end
do it in a positive way think positive
be positive good things happen smile
more that's my whole my whole passion
smile more I live by and I want you to
live by it it will change your life I
guarantee it will change your life if
you can if you can fight the urge to not
be negative negative so much easier it's
so much easier I hate it that it's so
much easier because I I find myself
doing it all the time and I got to pull
myself out and be positive and I just
want you guys to know that I thank you
and I hope that at the end of the day I
can return the favor back and lift you
up a little bit each day and put a smile
on your face and that's it man do I do
that do I lift you do I do I make you
happy and smile a little bit more than
you normally would I sure hope so tell
me in the comments I love you guys keep
a big smile on your face it's mama
what was your name man Rob Rob you used
to picking up cars that's been blown up
nope
this is a first welcome to my house
