what's up friends I'm getting a super
late start today I didn't go to bed till
about 4:00 a.m. last night getting the
new merch on the websites for you guys
took forever the lights are still out
here we did a little photo shoot and
what what's yeah so Brittany started
like a yoga class here at the house on
Wednesdays with like a bunch of family
members and they're getting ready that
we're gonna move this couch her mom's
gonna come pick it up so that our new
couch can deliver tomorrow I had to get
this stuff go away hope you guys are
having a great freaking day man
oh this office if I don't this I'm
embarrassing and show you guys look at
this I mean this is like where I should
be doing my work but I've never used it
Kane's in video game world so we just
said her mom's gonna come actually we're
gonna take two trucks our truck her
mom's truck I think we should leave all
the balls in there this is in their cars
cars and balls that's from the actual
prank by the way oh you're not gonna
leave them that'd be so funny so we're
gonna take both trucks and take this to
her mom's house actually I'm gonna do
that while they have their yoga class
can you're not gonna stay in do yoga
really I can lift anything
oh I'm 5 9 145 pounds oh we got this
come on
hey mama hey buddy
mom grab the camera for me this is the
heaviest one the rest is pretty light
like this is just one piece look
nothing looks better than our kind of
female sweet
I said nothing looks better than a
female Sweetman
so before we start moving this couch and
all these things we got to do tonight
Cain and I are gonna run up and get some
errands done do some things pick up some
stuff for our trip that we leave this
Saturday that being said I hope you guys
have been enjoying the super long vlogs
I know I realized all of us daily
vloggers really not clogging our gaze
you know like we're claiming to be daily
vloggers but if you think about it the
only thing we're doing is uploading
daily we're not actually filming our
days even you know 20 30 minute vlog
this is still short part of your day but
it gets hard like yesterday I felt like
I've logged all day I really did I
really had cut anything out but it was
like 23 minutes so to get up into that
30 minute mark it's tough it's pretty
tough actually it's pretty hard to film
that one so we're gonna run out get some
stuff done take you guys along let's go
you're doing it do it
you got it then you can crush your eyes
now do you
look at your fingertip
your master and it did it's a beautiful
day it's a beautiful day are you ready
to go play no way Jose it's the leap of
faith hey hey hey
you stay with Daddy in the parking lot
you're the blue guy you think you just
cuz you're superhero you can take on
cars and traffic that's right okay no
cars now you can go you can run free run
free little bird
oh I'm so bummed we left Cannes swimming
in LA you know cuz that's where we
actually get to swim but our trip
there's gonna be a lot of swimming I'll
tell you that it's a hint cuz we always
go places where it's warm and swimmable
you want this I think we need something
you can just wear and swim by yourself
you know what I mean you do really good
in these do you like that one well that
was easy
I thought this was gonna be a fight
that's that's it you want that one okay
perfect this one which one I kind of
like the green one yeah let's do the
green one summer is on its way here in
Ohio you get about four days a year to
use this stuff what are you doing you
get out for one second you find toys
look at that that's cool man
no what do you think no you can't just
get that how much money do you have
we've been working pretty hard let me
see here one two three four five six
seven eight dollars eight do you know
how much that is
yeah that's $25 do you don't have enough
no you don't you have eight I know this
is hard to understand so hard to
understand money at that age you know
like it just thinks you can get whatever
you want let me find something really
something really mean I can get though
there we go ugly little this ugly little
sheep hey here you go you can get this
you don't want that now we gotta buy it
hey this is hilarious
fuck dude you can't just grab everything
off the show
I gotta this one mmm we can't get it
though
this is torture buddy I know I don't
even know why you came down these aisles
it's $50 that's a lot of dollars
all right so Kane had enough to get a
little nerf gun actually he was $2 shy
but daddy's gonna throw in two bucks so
you can get it that's my kid that's my
co Troy do that guns as big as you are
yeah you like it yeah yeah that your gun
the excited she new nerf gun yeah I bet
you are same one no ass you guys can
have a fight nerf wars
maybe I'll have to teach you what that
is I don't think we've ever done that
anyways we're running over to one more
story I think I'm trying to find a stand
you guys know the gaming area upstairs
where we put kids I want to put that TV
up on the stand I was gonna put it on a
wall but then I realize I need to hide
like the PlayStation and all the cables
and stuff so I'm not gonna do that just
gonna look for a little stand to put it
on yeah so freaking exciting for you
guys man I'm sure you're just the real
oh you got me huh hey which one do you
like cuz we gotta get the TV up off the
floor
I like this one dude I like this one you
like that one I kind of like that one to
be not crafty I am I'm just dying to
build something complicated touch it it
watch oh it's this technology right here
you want to it touch it touch it I'm not
gonna mess with you hey yeah all right
you may go on get your gun and we got a
TV stand for a game area we're gonna
build a little game getting that gift
and yesterday's vlog made me like wanna
make a nice little area for the family
to play video games so we're gonna work
on that tonight maybe maybe I'm still
gonna take all this couch Britney's mom
I don't think I'm stopping for anything
let me get out of here boy
Kane you know I just decided do you want
to drive home I'm pretty tired
you sure can you drive why daddy sleeps
not a good idea
hey is king be honest is your daddy
crazy great husband fun any day that I
can get out with my boy and my boys
either one it totally makes my day I'll
do it again at this red light okay you
want to go really fast super fast oh
yeah let's race this Mustang
ready to drag race here we go oh you
gotta beat us he's gonna be the skin
man he's so fast dude there's a race car
huh all right all in my red car and we
can go fast huh all right we're back
home you loading up your gun
you should stack all your guys up and
shoot him oh yeah how was your yoga
class really everyone had fun so her mom
already came and got the couches that we
moved out so all we have to do is take
these over here look how empty our
houses it's so empty looks like we just
moved in this he'll be there and Baba he
um he had nine or eight dollars and this
was ten bucks so I gave him two dollars
and then when we went to the other store
I asked for his money and it was gone so
he lost it in the store so daddy ended
up paying for the whole gun doesn't
matter to him yeah but you remember how
bad he wanted it when Noah got it it was
the only thing you get afford every
little action figures $20 now I know
it's crazy your thing Brittany knows how
to get these things out the door I'm
standing here like it's not gonna fit at
wall you got this you got this
we got it you helping it good job then
we got it
you want a vlog cane ah you want to film
us yeah all right thanks dude yeah are
you a little camera man yeah all right
good job man
it's on the loose Elmer Fudd get er
don't me to drive if these things go
flying down the highway that'll be fine
no ropes needed no ropes needed was that
king of queens episode probably still to
date my favorite TV show ever
I mean honestly probably both of our
favorite TV chipiya queens unbelievable
almost tied at the office though yeah
but I just I don't know something about
King of Queens just wins my heart Kevin
James it's just so real but we just
stopped and got our favorite pizza
they got Hawaiian pita again I'm like
hooked and I haven't had their so I'm
excited
I cannot believe you've never had their
Hawaiian things many times since I was a
little kid my parents for taking hey
Zeus at Burberry why somebody's feeding
Zeus I don't know he's looking a little
thick around the edges I think I just
fell in love
it's a serious couch you got your couch
back dude yeah he was never loud on a
couch at our house hey you want to show
everybody some pictures of you yeah you
do where should we start where should we
start
all right yeah that's cool well while we
wait oh my gosh yeah
are you this one how old were you there
that's mommy came this is my first-grade
picture oh my gosh it's Kane with long
hair no it's mommy
hate that picture that is a totally
different picture
I don't know that girl yes it's cool
that you have all those pictures
bangs girl look at mommy
except funny I can't without different
every single hairstyle every single year
we are just not stopping we were off to
get home I'm gonna build the stand for
the upstairs Britney's going to you guys
destroyed the orders on the camo shirts
unbelievable so we're gonna be up all
night doing that and it's just uh you
know all good problems to have pop in
there dude and buckle up come on you
gonna cut her open
I like all the boxes are still up here
from the last thing I built we need to
clean dude this is unacceptable I'm
embarrassed I'm embarrassed
it's clear that you know you're tearing
all that up you're gonna pick it up
right yeah you're gonna pick it all up
you just said that in front of 500,000
people I'm right got a lot of guys I
kind of went for the easiest bill like
there's a lot of cool stands for TVs but
I was like that one looks the easiest
okay keep going you actually are
cleaning it thanks dude now what are you
gonna do with it once it's all in there
don't play game what about that big
piece get the big piece yeah
so once you get it all in there you just
wanna play game all right okay
do you like it gain yeah we just need to
get our systems now he'll come up stack
them up put all our games in there yeah
you want me to go get the Wii and hook
it up yeah you can help me clean up here
good deal good deal hmm let me see some
of the pages the colorful pages I'm not
gonna get into this in today's vlog but
Britney just found the craziest book
ever it's a book fish it's uh more like
a calendar that she made every single
day
every single day of like when we met and
the first day she met Noah and the first
day she met my parents and it's like a
journal of everything
it's incredible what am I gonna get into
in today's whoa but we got to go over
this and I don't know it's so amazing
that you kept every page is just crazy
oh my gosh that's like well I'm trying
to download I've been trying to play GTA
but I just realized I've only played it
on the Xbox and Alex has on ps4 so like
yeah let's play let's play and then I
got on my ps4 I'm like wait I don't even
have GTA so we're trying to get it but
it's taken forever and it's already 1:00
in the morning so not gonna happen
tonight I gotta edit this vlog game
finally fell asleep
alright guys we're gonna end it thanks
for all the support on these longer
vlogs been trying to keep them longer
and just film more of our days and more
of our lives and we're getting ready for
vacation Saturday and it's coming quick
kids are excited I can't wait and that's
it for today I got nothing else I got a
question for you though
tell me in the comments keep the longer
vlogs or just do what I used to do just
the highlights I think I like this is
the best because I can't wait to watch
it later in life or like the kids will
get to watch it later I think seeing
more of it is cooler but I don't know
let you guys decide we love you we'll
see you tomorrow don't forget
