what's up my friends it is a good
freakin day you know why it's a good day
as you woke up this morning and you're
watching this blog and what do you know
what I won't know what I'm going through
this is yesterday's this is me right now
trying to get ready to go it's been like
this for two hours two hours 0%
processing it just won't go up so that
being said you may notice that
yesterday's vlog went up really late or
maybe not at all I have no idea what's
gonna go up but no it's a good day
you're up you're sitting in join YouTube
videos maybe mine maybe others
regardless good day a smile oh man so
today Brittany and I are going on a
little date night day slash hang out
without baby canners hurricane anybody
huh nobody's going with you just UUM
Brittany yeah that's dangerous that's
dangerous dangerous night okay and make
this video go up buddy
leading peel and jelly how did I guess
you'd beat that
Hey
what do you want oh you want me all
right so to most of you and most people
a night out together is just another day
you know if you're young you don't have
kids or you're you know you're just in a
relationship without kids it's not a big
deal but to us it's a little more
special you know to get a few hours away
it means a lot because you don't always
get to do it so what do we do in college
we got to find a new cut what we've been
looking for since before we went to LA
we were looking for new couches we never
found one and we're going to Todd's -
got a new shipment of fish in us we're
going there to kind of put our fish on
home
so much excitement so much excitement
but it's still fun and it's beautiful
out and Britney's never been in the GTO
other than the test drive before I
actually got them far so she hasn't even
got the launch so we're gonna have to
find a back road and launches maybe for
you
man okay so just got to Todd's reef sis
reef systems and this place is one of my
favorite spots I've been coming here
since I couldn't afford a piece of
portal I literally would take my
paychecks and spend it here back a long
time ago maybe get on my mind yeah yeah
I come in here a long time but today
it's kind of special because he got all
his fish in and and you think fish
aren't really a big deal you can get
fish anywhere but when you get into a
tank that you really care about you
really love it's really important to get
healthy fish Pete quarantines them and
make sure they're perfect before he ever
puts them in your tank so I promise you
guys if you have a saltwater tank and
you want fish don't hesitate call come
here is this is where your fish are safe
you're going to get a fish that's not
disease you're going to kill all the
fish in your tank so it's really
important look at these guys
got cool those are a Chon
laughing yeah and its pines that come up
are actually venomous
what happens in that thing stabs you I
probably will get like a rash or
something so it's not that bad some
people they may have to the hospital
everybody has a different learning Brad
does he come with the antivenom anyone
I'm good you're gonna want one but going
to the neck
yeah you just pee on it yeah doing it a
focus on any circle
come on baby come on but there it is he
would never see him in our tank but he's
so bad maybe in our smile more office
you can come build a tank like this ya
know I've always wanted to take I can
swim in
look how pretty that is all right guys
we're out of the cool farm and we're
looking for something to eat we're up at
Polaris haven't been up here for a long
time well then you said barbecue sounds
you well I'm like zoomed in you I'm
driving zooming filming where's it at
great day
oh nice I'm sorry but I gotta be that
guy that parks his car in the corner
what that's GTR parking she I don't know
man but people gain your freaking cars I
don't care what kind of car you have
they will date on purpose I swear they
do you know it is in LA every nice car
has dings all of the sauce parking er is
like twice as small in LA yeah we do a
bigger parking spots but still I'm not
it's not a diaper we decide on smokey
buns haven't been here since we got back
to Ohio I've never seen one in LA
spinach but you I got
water tonight because I'm obviously
driving but Britney got something really
interesting is this um pop star it's got
back what's it talking here him roll
their cherry I can hear it make it
whoa what happens when you drag it what
happens when you drink it
hello it's o'mine throw turn to
everything I say in sexually like you
live in soon whoa that you tooth just
broke you're like big pop rocks like
yeah they're awesome
imagine all the employees with pop rocks
at their disposal reach oh my gosh you
can just set these things all day you
throw them in people's eyes happens if
you put a pop rock in your eye yeah
this wasn't a liquid make it pop all
right I hate to do this to you guys but
a little bit of food vlog here Britt
with the ribs I didn't get ribs they got
these um smoked dry rub barbecue wings
in there that really would actually get
me in here this is why I come in the
soft pretzel yeah can't believe she's
just waiting outside and the cold all by
herself
whoa let me get that door for you
whoo oh hi oh come on baby oh that's
cold man it's cold I'm not dressed for
this 2 2 2 2 1 is for babies but it's
supposed to be 70 tomorrow it's like
really cold right now so to me big
weather change for us
this place looks closed
it doesn't look very lively because it's
a furniture store how excited could it
be but if it was a club furniture store
like for clubs so we've looked at this
couch a dozen times it's actually the
same one my brother has that big one in
his isn't is blue yeah it's unbelievable
oh yeah
but here's the problem I have a little
bit of OCD and you can draw on it do you
know how many times I would be going
around the house one like this making
sure that it looks perfect
let's get it wrapped in I've got nothing
no it's the bomb like it's nice we're at
home you see the thing about furnitures
are so many options it's like walking
into a candy store and trying to pick
one piece of candy it's all really
expensive
I like these trees
I would totally put bamboo trees in our
only if we have a real koala banner
living above the couch okay that's a
nice couch
another problem is all these cushions
come off and all these pillows come off
so you know the kids just turn that into
a battlefield instantly look at this
this looks nice
imagine playing board games on that no
that's what the tables this would look
good in the living room that's nice okay
we pick the couch and they're gonna
deliver it Thursday which works really
good because we leave Saturday for
vacation and when we get back we have
our big Easter party with all our family
so getting everything in line it's gonna
be great then they'll be good people
okay so are we going home yeah we got to
nice touch it
yeah that would be why are you laughing
I had a great time I thought it was
fantastic I had a great time till we
looked at we got fish we got a couch
that's it that's all we did we ate stop
it got take the unites right in here
what are you talking about we've been
driving for an hour we got to do the
lunch try me
we'll find a road on the way home okay
start going to do jumps out oh my god
don't even say that you imagine just
antlers stuck in the front of us it's
just a car
please you're okay I'm fine someone
wants to race
my little red wagon
my videos gonna flag Miranda Lambert
it's gonna shoot me yeah
if you just film Yuri is okay
hey with the light on
yeah I'm gonna hold this camera okay
ready okay ready
No
how's that
okay no tears no deer no deer we're safe
mister we stopped and got you milk man
are you happy
oh yeah Oh heavy what's with your
jammies did they turn pink they turn
pink
they turned pink so we're back home my
mom actually ended up coming over she
just left and she actually came over and
watched King weren't you just wearing
something else yeah his pink oh yeah he
is pink Kevin used to be white and quite
frankly cuz you've drawn out of him it
was he would literally make me wash in
during the day so we could wear him that
I know he loved them but I came home to
some really cool things so for Christmas
my manager got me a gift card for Nike
Johnny ho hey hey don't make me kick you
through the wall so he got me a gift
card to Nike so I could design my own
shoes well they finally came it takes a
lot fun together but hey I won't kick
you through the walls just kidding but
seriously anyway yeah for Christmas you
got me a gift card for Nike and you can
design your own shoes there but it makes
them take a while but here they are
designed these myself some airmax
they're just black and red I think
they're pretty sick you like them you
want to wear out you can put them on
your feet yeah okay come here
let's do it
yeah come here they may not fit you but
I want you to test them out yeah okay
okay this foot yeah that fits pretty
good here yeah you're getting so big
I think they fit okay they're big
they're daddy's do the cane dance people
been wanting one what they want to know
how to do it maybe you can teach them
this it yeah that's the cane dance yeah
I thought you just put more hip into it
have you changing it it's it's turning
into there's there's many different hand
dances so I know you guys probably just
learn the last one now you got to learn
another do that do the new one with the
stomach that you've been doing that's it
so you got this one all right and then
the stomach do both I love you did you
make my whole day okay so the next thing
I came home to is really crazy and I
want to credit the right company hey I
want to give credit to the right company
for this I'm not sure who actually sent
it the address is Microsoft's shipping
department so I don't know if this came
straight from Microsoft or another
company just drop shipped it from
Microsoft so if I find out who actually
sent me this I will give you a big shout
out because this is unbelievable
it's a brand new Xbox one which I'm
assuming that they'd seen that I want to
do some video games and they sent me
this so the address is from Microsoft
itself I don't know if it's from
Microsoft or if it's from a company or
somebody to send it from Microsoft so I
apologize for that if I find out who
sent me this I'm going to give you a
shout-out in the vlogs this is
unbelievable so thank you it's brand-new
it's really crazy man I mean it's still
sealed and everything it's probably big
prank inside
what if there's no Xbox actually in
there Kane what if it's a bunch of poop
yeah don't think it's poop I hope not
just got this Xbox in the mail hey can
you talk can you tell me who it's Rick
can you tell me who it's from
yeah just find out exactly I just want
to make sure that whoever sent this gets
products this is this is very big gift
kids like everything that aren't toys
when you have your own kids you're going
to realize that you can buy them toys
and that's not what they're going to
play with what they really play with the
things that aren't toys what came he's
just sitting in this drawer yeah little
used to play like with the pots and pans
yeah yeah right so yeah Microsoft
themselves sent me the Xbox
that's crazy
but you know that's that's marketing
nowadays it's smart hey listen youtubers
they have an audience our product it
doesn't cost them anything to do that I
think it's genius alright guys I ran
down to the smile Moore store to tell
you that I've officially launched the
camo smile more t-shirts um this is a
one-time run this isn't a permanent run
like our typical t-shirts but I think
these are cool the only issue is they
got misprinted they're still the same
they still six mom whether the actual
logo and everything is fawn but they're
shiny the smile more shiny it looks
weird on camera
it actually looks cool but I wanted it
flat black
I wanted smile more to match the t-shirt
like this so just barely be able to see
it but it's a little shiny that being
said we've got about 500 of these
t-shirts
different numbers in every sizes but I'm
gonna I'm going to sell these cheaper
because I'm not 100% happy with them so
if you want one they're on the website
right now and they're at a discounted
price I just I'm just going to get rid
of them I'm sure you guys you know
enough of you guys will like them that
we will sell out and I can get the
original flat black like I wanted but
I'm not going to order them until we
sell these so if you want and go get one
if not you know it's cool I'm going I'm
going to get the flat black order so
maybe you guys are like those better
look good if I put it the dryer it's a
little little stiff right now
yes these are pretty these are pretty
cool they're different like I said I
keep saying they're different they're
not our typical red blue and black
you know t-shirts that we typically
carry um see if you want to get one grab
one if you don't don't have to work
never stops homemade photos for the
website right here in the living room I
love it
so you get work done really you like it
you dig it you digging it if I don't
blow some breakers honestly since this
is like a one-time order I'll probably
won't even cut the background out I'll
probably just use that wall with the
outlets in there and everything let's
just put it on the website and and for
the ladies we haven't forgot about you
we have the new is pink be nice I know
everyone's been waiting on these they're
the same as the grand black ones but
they're pink maybe even guys one I don't
know nowadays anybody could want any
color they say look good I can't let it
look in there yeah use the TV geez this
place is all red
okay I'm gonna switch over to photo mode
I'm literally doing the photos on the
blog camera sure just realized she's
wearing like a tank top wearing a beanie
kind of like doesn't really go together
she's gonna put on a my gosh okay no
talk
hoodie jacket whatever take my winter
clothes off a couple a couple pictures
and I will just start to begin working
on this stuff so if you guys go to the
website well by the time you see it the
beanies and the camo shirt should be
right here or yeah we'll just put them
on specials alright guys so that's
pretty much going to I got my work cut
out for me tonight it's already midnight
actually it's 12:06 and you get all the
stuff on the website so that
by the time you guys go there it's up
and ready um have a great day
anything anything else from you little
girl
no thanks for taking me on a date heck
yeah it was awesome
it was the bomb calm it was a very
meaning yes I'm so excited for her couch
yeah we did did I tell him in the boy we
fit we got house I think you did we got
the couch yeah it'll be here in two days
it'll be here Thursday so of course you
guys will see you come this one's
getting retired it's going to Britney's
mom's you know what the funny thing is
about this couch it looks good on camera
like when I show it I'm like we don't
need a new couch but it actually is
really old and it has a main stains it's
a little bit stinky it's pretty stinky
but I mean it's still a good couch it's
going to her mom's house her mom takes
everything the dog
nataly's uses and Bobo's couch yeah
it'll turn into their bed but anyway
we're gonna call it a night guys thanks
for all the love and likes on the longer
vlogs I'm trying to film more for you
guys and more for us for in the future
when we watch these we want to see more
of what we did that day so it's a
win-win for both of us that being said
I'm gonna start crushing this out did
you have eggs story
oh no no Kane claims that Malmo stole
all the eggs off the tree and took him
to her house I asked him where the eggs
are so we'll have to call mall tomorrow
and see if she really took the a yeah
they're all gone we love you guys thanks
for all the support again and we'll see
you tomorrow that's it
it's all I got you smile on your face
you're awesome smile
oh you like it ma for you
