ready to blog what is up my friends all
smiles today all positive energy right
all right think only good thoughts okay
take a note of school and I hope that
everyone's having a perfect day it's so
stinking early no school starts so
stinking early we were both crawling out
of bed this morning
zombies I got stuck doing these vlogs
during a day sometimes all right dude
have a perfect day I love you see ya
guys no matter how hard it is today to
keep a smile on your face and be
positive just try it give it a try I'm
going to start Brittany's day off with
some flowers
why not any girl that can put up with me
deserves a little flowers now and then I
think selection is a little weak today
these are nice I think they say I love
you come on everybody just start out
today happy man I lecture Noah about
being positive and staying happy today
Brittany's gonna wake up to some flowers
cuz I know she's still sleep and Cain
he's always happy alright guys be honest
what did you think of yesterday's vlog
is a lot different than normal I just
filmed kind of like what I'm doing now
I'm kind of filming more of everything
instead of just the highlights and the
exciting parts of my day I'm just I'm
just filming everything
I think Britt's gonna be happy she got
some flowers I'm a flower guy myself
like I love fresh flowers in the house
so it works out for her it's kind of a
win-win for both headed home right now
got to get started in the smile Moore
store a little bit today and get
completely caught up before we head out
of town we're taking the family on
vacation the kids to a surprise location
that I haven't told you guys yet it's
gonna be fun I can't wait to take you my
body do you want help come here come
here
don't go give us the mommy
oh you like it ma for you kinga give me
5 did I think you just made mommy's day
all right
got in the truck and I'm gonna go load
up all the small orders taken I haven't
taken the post office for a while we've
had a lot of people help in here but uh
it's my turn today so I'm gonna do it
No
so beyond the vlog Channel and the
pranks and the family life we manage our
smile more store it's a big part of our
lives it's our company and you know a
lot of youtubers not all youtubers but a
lot of them they use third-party
companies to fulfill their orders which
is cool it works but I think a real
special thing about our company is that
we do it I ourselves in our house so you
know that your orders being done by us
and if it's if it's messed up you know
we must stuff so you actually get to
yell at us when we mess it up but now
that does happen sometimes but not not
not we don't we don't try to do that but
no I think it's a real special thing
like me taking all the orders to the
post office right now and delivering
them I think it adds so much more
realism to the company and I don't know
I'm all about doing things yourself so I
don't know for those of you who want to
start a company or you think it's
overwhelming or you think you need
somebody else to make it happen you
really don't you can do it on your own
you can and and you know I think these
are just things I was taught growing up
by my family who had their own business
so I think I understand a little better
but I want you to know that you can do
it you can start your own business and
you can't do it by yourself I employ a
lot of my family members my hand uncle
are there right now working and you guys
know Veronica or their income comes from
the small more store and you know it
gives me in Brittany work constantly and
it's just a real good thing for the
family for our company and for you guys
it's a great message that we love to
I never try to talk that much in a clip
because it gets a little overwhelming
and repetitive
that's it that's how you do it man not
bad not bad
it took me a long time to figure out
that you got to put these in upside-down
because last time I took them all home
they were blowing out in the cornfield
how are ya yeah we got some work yeah
yeah alright I'm finally back home
checking out the place we had a shelf
blowout this shelf completely collapsed
so I had to put a new shelf it and it
was a mess and the I guess usually I'm
going to build the shelf so I put them
down here but for some reason on these I
put them up this high so when we move
the shelves
some of the legs bent and it just laughs
and like this I'll show you the legs
this is the legs
that's the bottom of the legs see I've
been down here working I've cut down all
these boxes look at this all those all
of those all of those so we're swearing
up freeing up some space to work and
keep crushing at the store trying
everything caught up and be completely
caught up for when we leave Saturday on
our trip what we have no worries you
just go relax
Britney put her beautiful flowers out
today I love it she just took mom well
grandma all you guys know grandma from
all the vlogs to lunch she went out to
lunch with her and me and Kanner's is
chilling we've also put together like
two three four boxes of clothes that
were donating today see yeah we're just
doing all kinds of stuff get ready for
the trip Oh somebody's going to get it
but these like all clothes that we just
don't wear them they're like nice
they're still good
Kayne daddy's gonna finally get a shower
okay you gonna play your game hey thumbs
up I am finally going to get second to
myself if you hadn't noticed I'm wearing
the exact outfit I wore yesterday as
well you haven't changed I haven't took
a shower I've just been running man
non-stop so I'm gonna finally get a
shower I'll see you guys in a second and
I hope you like yesterday's vlog I tried
to just roll and film more of our lives
just more of what we actually do like
breaking down boxes and stuff like that
so how you doing buddy not good yeah
what you want some right well good job
you just gotta keep practicing practice
makes perfect did office so much better
I look ridiculous but I feel better I
just need to shave I left my razor in LA
and the only razor I have here has a
charger so it's dead so I'm charging it
right now so I'll be shaving soon soon
sir
starter how was lunch was it safe a
hammer have you been I've been better
you better you're so sick in LA guys
know it you coming back to life finally
took me two weeks I got a doctor
tomorrow
he's been missing you he keeps asking
where you were asking where what's over
Mama's house what did mom get a puppy a
dog you got a dog in your house poodle
how do the cats like it uh he keeps
running the cats
the other thing come from I'd no idea I
just father laundry I know I found it a
couple days ago but I don't I don't
remember it came from your mom maybe I
feel like she brought it over
I'm gonna go finally do my hair sir ones
that way follow me on the blog trying to
keep it wrong guys trying to keep it raw
so you can't make fun of me now I know
it's not like Roman Atwood you know this
is the you know I don't know how many
times I get asked this but what
hairspray do I use I never showed you
guys think I'm advertising and I don't
want that it's just I'm gonna show it
the log I'm not getting paid for this
unfortunately but everyone I always
asked me so this is what I've used for a
long time and I know that I'll still get
asked the same question but you know
maybe somebody that wants to now knows
now hmm
I still shaped still how much it is so
much to do so little time
never a dull moment man look at this kid
lay this kid you keep me alive boy he's
just always in his own world doing his
own thing
did you're actually tough right now Oh
who's there who is it
mommy's hustlin finding all kinds of
stuff in this laundry room
what's it say anything good what we this
respects yeah they're facts okay
Kane was born at six where Kane was born
at 6:55 p.m. seven pounds 15 ounces
Julianne half inches long I was born Oh
lots of dark hair blue wait what the
same know people thought I'd look like
daddy but had mommy's nose that's your
gun he's just killing me today we have
one of my good friends coming over
tonight and his wife always does
Britain's hair now
well dyes it in colors and whatever she
wants done to it while me and him hang
out I'm gonna grill some steaks nobody
grows some states well you have a lot of
best friends huh um a cigar nut feels
dark in here
yeah all right I think just the table
light you're working I was wondering
where you went
you trying to work like Noah you see one
of our chefs collapsed today it
collapsed i trapped me in Todd tried to
move it and all fell so I had to put a
new shelf in but now we got four chefs
gone that way instead of the diagonal
yeah
Britney's mom is here or doing orders
Kane's working you can't want the guy
he's won like three different consoles
like you buy with your own money huh
what's up jeff has gone this is my buddy
Jeff you guys know Jeff and his wife
Sierra how you guys doing
I haven't seen you guys for a long time
last time was here and we were playing
qui for Kuo
yeah and cards against humanity' maybe
we play like 30 degrees I know I was
dying to take a ride in the car as soon
as he gets here it starts snowing yeah
see if I can see it on the log well
there we go say a Pam commercial it's
freaking snowing and it's never gonna
end
pains just walking around showing Jeff
everything but hey Jeff was here making
this video remember he helped us make
the ball prank yeah really
still nightmare just a pretty good read
like jumped off right here at school I
know yeah now my insurance company's
trying to drop me darn you Ohio where do
you do this why don't make me leave you
Kaine loves it it's great for the kids
you can stall your the kids are happy
all right we're still grilling not gonna
stop us you gonna help me
come walk in it run across no with your
just your feet dad if you guys don't
hear me complaining about Ohio's weather
enough this is a great example of Ohio
because not always it's snowing right
now it's springtime this is it's
supposed to be like 71 degrees in a
couple days two days so we get snow
spring it's just a hectic mix but all
you can do is friggin smile more so you
can do and grill more and grill more we
can cook more Oh baby she's ready it
it's fully snowing guys holy stun I miss
how did I miss that
that was point-blank I do I miss the
greatest shot ever oh my gosh
custom-made steak for you buddy
thank you very much that thing that
looks so Roman Atwood it looks so good
ours ours are almost done this looks
like he's recommending you want steak
ever seen somebody enjoy a steak
normally I think you're just being too
nice
no just record the joy he's just
indulging
I can't take credit it's definitely all
the cow and the seasoning Oh background
you know just for this mile do you like
these pieces yeah Chris Britt's gotta
cut her up into a thousand little trunk
lids
once the mac-and-cheese gonna be done
I've already done here I'm on my second
half Kane's got a new best friend
he loves ya freakin deal that sounds so
good
fun fun if you guys know funfetti is my
favorite like it is the best usually get
like the other kind and make my home
like homemade funfetti this is just
packaged on buddy
yeah something like that but it's
delicious it's amazing so good for you
oh mylanta yeah you wanna see it ready
raah excited oh my gosh the sprinkle
drawer
this girl has more sprinkles than
anybody I've ever known in my life
you'd be grandma sprinkles oh my god
what'd you do to your hair hmm Britney's
getting hair guys like don't put me on
camera I forgot to put the tip in so oh
I'm not even gonna say no this has just
been a night of eating so good how is it
delicious eating one mmm Britney I think
you need some more sprinkles hey like I
don't know
Wow yeah more sprinkles ma man hi guys I
had fun it was super good seeing ya
I don't know who was playing Grand Theft
Auto with us tonight but it was freaking
hilarious thanks whoever joined our
rooms we had a blast even though we were
just being ridiculous we're not playing
at all we just it was fun you guys know
who you are this fun game you can't
still be hungry you are king of the
fridge
candy corn dog you're still eating you
are getting big you know every time you
eat you just keep growing oh um so Jeff
and Sarah left that was a lot of fun we
ended up playing GT I didn't vlog any of
it I shut up
it was so funny man these guys just
joined the room we had a blast
no it's pretty orange and pink but how'd
you even get it like really shapes look
at me it looks like some type of I've
had that you've crafted oh it's my hair
uh-huh uh-huh so I've been trying once
again today just kind of film more and
more of our day and what we're doing I
didn't record the gameplay I should have
done something that you guys won't laugh
so hard um I know it's always cleanup
time it's not bad
two of our chairs officially broke today
so now we have five chairs you see we're
here don't we are on the last season how
many episodes we have lie
just started Alaska we're finally on the
last season if you guys watch these
vlogs a while you know we've been
addicted to the show Chuck it's an older
show but was on that place great show
but we're finally on the last season
which is good and bad because we can
finally stop watching it when we finish
it well but we'll be sad because it's
over
all right guys we're gonna call it a
night and cuddle up maybe watch an
episode of this and then pass the freak
out thanks for all the love and support
on these daily videos thanks for coming
over to Twitter checking out the fun
facts and I want to keep that going
hopefully once a day and I want to thank
you guys for always smashing the like
button on these videos I realized I
don't even have to ask you guys to go
through the vlogs today and I was like
look how many friggin likes are on these
videos like I don't how are you Ashley I
said thank you for that and that's it
yeah Kane loves you we will see you
tomorrow guys thanks for all the support
smile more okay then say bye bye hey
look at them look at the camera look
right here and wave
Oh
