you want to push it oh let's do it
what's up guys I'm in my hometown Miller
sport Ohio and I'm putting my first tank
of gas in the GTR today premium fuel
baby that crap adds up fast gas prices
are still good compared to a lot of
places in the states including Los
Angeles unleaded super only so Noah and
I just picked up Gil and he's got this
cool little toy that's going to
calculate it's camera films but it also
calculates speed and g-force and all
kinds of cool stuff so we're gonna hook
it up in the car and it'll make a little
uh it'll make a little like diagram of
the track too so wherever we start and
stop I'll I'll do a little that's next
level right there next level so we're on
this crazy back road blacktop it's
awesome
okay so chase mounted the camera up and
you can even hit play on that freaking
wristband yep that's ridiculous you want
to film along
okay here we go we do launch committee
here we go we're gonna do it
ready
you feel it are you feeling the base of
my spine yeah like what in your brain
moves
yes
okay so we've never done a launch from
outside the car so no one's going to
help me out and film for us
here's the setup a track-day
I know I'm down you should rent some
cars for everybody yeah
the awesome right dude have fun are you
excited yes yeah Noah has finally saved
up but you guys watched the vlogs you
know he's been saving up for a long time
to get this iPod so we're finally gonna
go check him out at the store and
hopefully get one sided or what I know
you're excited to pick a case cool nice
and protective I'm gonna go with the
32gig I don't know if you got enough
money dude I have to go home and work
get out that money boy swear all your
hard work pays off today alright
you're now proud owner of your iPod dude
good job boy I wish you good hi I was
just dreaming he's in dreamland he did
good man we learned a lot about this
project if you want something you work
for it he earned the money this all
you're doing today playing games it must
be tough being three years old man I
remember when I was three oh you ready
to buddy-buddy up alright so my brother
just got here and you guys know I mean
he doesn't show it without something
cool in his hand all the time he brought
me a flight you've seen the fly zapper
as they fly into Anna's absum he brought
a shotgun that shoots salt at flies so
what be right unless we tested it on
ourselves
oh yeah congratulations fellow supporter
you now officially have the power to
eradicate those pesky house flies I want
you to know that this product does
require skill you need to awaken your
primal hunting abilities you must be
patient with mastering the site and most
importantly don't get frustrated build
some targets for yourself with a sheet
of tin foil and a marker because
practice makes perfect
ok we didn't get no hole so I think
we're safe to shoot off anything we need
to find a bug there is no bugs whereas
too cold I hit my hand at your hand yeah
is it her it definitely kill a fly yup
focus just this baby out just one pump -
it's a it's not too bad it does hurt
look yeah I shot myself with a salt
shaker
face is your face friend in the face I
look way that I might lose my arm
definitely I don't know
that's look looks like a hick pizza you
guys ready
so what happens when you don't feed kids
for three days heyy it's a new it's a
new strategy that I have Great Salt me
up bro
salt me up oh it's on my hair thank you
no problem mom I'm so full why am I
still eating ah oh so much how it's
gonna be big we got plans tonight deal
brothers projector projector projector
over we're gonna try to blast this whole
wall
mark come on back go move that into the
couch this huh yeah oh no this is why
we've never moved it this is how lazy
oh there in the couch yeah that's why
they never come out
look this thing is full the oh yeah you
can see oh that's about six foot Dale's
arm light well by 30 13 foot screen
you'll play some Mario Kart or smash
base Britney's hairs in the way we've
rearranged the living room tonight check
this out this is where the couches are
now yellow honestly I think we could
change the house like this look at that
nobody wants to play on this when it can
be like this all the couch marks hey
this would be a good time to sweep all
this by the way Bret Kane you like our
new TV we're experiencing an earthquake
right now that's a reliable stand right
there got to do his name it's on the
line kids away really really imagine
game night like this the county girls
touch screen this is the coolest game
night ever look at that the official
measure every measure
12 inside 1416 yeah probably 15 footer
Cain Cain I'll measure it
way to go dude the kids will never want
to play on TV again
you're welcome well yeah awesome it is
no it looks great it looks great
Noah's got a new iPod today so we won't
see him for a couple weeks
what do you think of this dude blinding
your friend let's race boys you took
first yeah you dog I told you I'm good
at this you are good
was that fun or what are you doing the
cane dance
have you guys perfected the cane dance
yeah I want to see some videos man thank
you soon so well just like that it's
nighttime it's late kids are going to
bed house is trashed
like next-level trashed but these are
days that I'm really glad i vlog because
these are days it's gonna be so fun for
us to watch twenty years from now you
know I remember hooking that projector
up in the kitchen and I don't know it's
just fun for kids ya know in 2002 what
the heck was the projector what is that
now we have 3d we're like wow he's
objector now the video games will be
like in 20 years they'll be in your
living room and you'll actually be like
I don't know
just spit ball on I am convinced if we
do family game night videos that's how
we're doing it big cuz I don't know it's
just way fun that was so fun ah
I was so
we're gonna end the vlog now guys thanks
for all the love and support and
watching these daily videos and always
sharing them with your friends and you
guys are the best we will see you
tomorrow
don't forget you big old smile on your
beautiful face smama going on vacation
dinner you ready
we only got tomorrow will be 7 days so
we have 8 days left yesterday
