what's up my friends welcome back to my
family
hey I'm just gonna clean the floors it's
the best way just spray it all cleaner
down and you start mopping Britney is
booking our trip we told you guys when
we were in Hawaii that we were booking a
trip for me Britney Kane and Noah as a
family and we are we've been doing that
for about a few days now but we're
officially like narrowing it down to two
places really excited take you guys
along where could it be where are we
going as a family I'm not taking this on
this one's got to stay here Todd here
you guys know him and his company
managed my aquarium and he's brought me
a lot a lot of cool stuff these are all
full of quarrels I don't know the names
of all of him but he's placing it up
getting ready for we got a big Easter
family Easter here so we're stocking the
tank up but I want to show you this
coral that you don't normally get to see
because the pumps are on so when the
waters perfectly calm this comp clump
why can't I said calm when the water is
calm this is what they do look at that
I could I could watch that it's like
fire it's mesmerizing
yeah like sucking my brain and what is
that this is purple monster but it looks
Brown it's actually because it's not in
the light no it's got some purple to it
so it came out of my 900 it's a little
bleach it's not it's just the 900
gallons yeah no big deal
this is birds of paradise it's birds
nests I don't know where we'll put it no
hum this is a yellow leather
coral placement is everything Todd knows
I call him my Texas in pictures coral
blowing around the tanks up he's
drilling a hole right now at the
screwdriver - look at that what we don't
want that in the tank do it's all right
now it's just like an acid fog acid fog
oh man this tank is looking unbelievable
look at that it's starting to look
better than I could have ever imagined
it really why Todd swimming in the fish
tank I'm going to grill some burgers
baby these are really good burgers big
fan big fan
just some fries in the oven Britney just
ran to the post office to take all your
smile more orders so we're getting all
caught up around here we're finally
settling into Ohio that's some 41 and so
glad I got to see them in concert for
that I do they quit it always makes me
happy anyways I think we are out and
about we gotta get some stuff for the
smile more store supplies things that we
need is he asleep
is Cain asleep no you're cute sleeping
sleep you so if you guys watched
yesterday's vlog you know there's a
little drama going on and I have to be
in court on May 5th so I'm thinking I'm
gonna get a suit made like a legit suit
and I'm gonna put a smile born suit
because no matter what happens no matter
how much money I have to give away I'm
going to be smiling no matter what the
biggest smile that's gonna piss
everybody off everyone's gonna be upset
that I'm smiling because I just don't
care it's gonna be awesome
are you gonna get a matching smile are
sooo good look set it down
Cain you won't ride the lawnmowers which
one would you take home that's one you
want which one like this one no let's
get the brush guard so you can hit
things Cain and Britt have matching
shoes on today pretty funny
we need one of them big push carts can't
find one it's like they got rid of them
or something
fine one cane find a big push cart
somebody hit them all in the lumber
department guess that makes sense
these are shows more shelves more chefs
we've gotten so many of these chefs out
just keep expanding and adding and it's
good can you pick it up
uh-oh this is all fish game
whoosh watch you watch him cane push him
this way see if the other race easier
make me fly much gain push push kick
you're doing it dude
good job oh you just got it had to get
started push
Oh
that's your dance party that's the cane
at would can't because the camera is
completely blurry I want a vlog I really
want to vlog with the cameras totally
blurry $800 camera Canon come on you
can't get it right we are gonna go grab
some food are you hungry yeah well you
got a good grip I don't think you're
gonna fall what did they give you
Teddy round yeah oh they're not a want a
boy's heart it's a good water water
time for that food vlog gang got some
mac and cheese and oranges with french
fries that he's actually eating this kid
never eats french fries but he is
Brittany got some nice-looking steak I
got pretzels and soup hot soup spicy my
tongues on fire well I'm not used to hot
soup mom I don't know I'm just a big ol
baby just warped home and I don't know
if I told you guys this but um when I
did my ball prank the semi-truck hit my
mailbox and completely took it out and
covered the hole so I had to go to my
brother's and borrow this post hole
digger so I can put him out I'm at a
mailbox for two months post office is
getting ticked all right we were back
home Brittany and Kane already found
their happy place
they have been glued to some Nintendo
got this latest humidifier dehumidifier
right
he made a fire yeah a dehumidifier would
take moisture out
humidifier isomers I woke up and my nose
is like like I had a bloody nose it was
so dry in here so we hooked this up
lol I wanted to bring you guys down to
the smile Moore store you know those of
you that are new to the channel over the
last month we've been living in LA but
this is our smile Moore store and this
is where everything happens with our
company this is where we ship everything
you know we don't have a company doing
this we don't have a third party company
this is all done here at our house in
our home and this is where we ship all
our products and all our merch and you
know and I want to use this to inspire
you guys not to create a merchant you
know you're a merchandise but to do
anything that you actually want to do
you know this this all came from just an
idea you know to uplift people and
create something called smile more
that's something that I live by and I
created and you know I want to use it to
inspire you guys to do what you want to
do because I'm telling you you can do it
if I swear to god I can do it you can do
it
hi I have no education I hated school I
didn't go to college I just I do my own
thing and I'm telling you you can too so
get off your butt right now I can tip it
you know I wanted to start this new
thing called fun facts on my Twitter
where I basically fill you in on things
in my past and facts about myself and
today I posted that you know I tried so
hard to drop out of high school I tried
so hard but I couldn't because I wasn't
18 I wasn't old enough
funny thing is I graduated one day
before I turned 18
that's a pretty interesting fun fact
that's a true story
alright guys that all being said I hope
you have a great day and I hope that
you're motivated and you feel good
we're gonna call it a night we're all
pretty tired and day went fast and just
disappeared on us so make tomorrow count
make it count baby we love you we will
see you tomorrow thanks for watching oh
actually a couple cool things we booked
a trip we booked a trip for the family
and we are leaving next Saturday yeah
but that 28th we're leaving the 28th so
where are we going that's the question
and yeah I'll leave it that keep a big
smile on your face guys you're awesome
smile all right guys I just got to my
lawyer's office I'm not gonna bring my
camera in because that would just be
effed up so many different levels so so
yeah see in a second one second
