what's up guys from the beautiful
tropical Ohio it's a beautiful day I
want to show you last night I told you
that these big June bugs come up every
night and they they just smack all the
windows and they're there's hundreds of
them and every night the birds come in
the eat them all and last night this was
covered and now they're all gone so your
chair yeah man I love it
are you guys liking my tropical palms I
love it I had to have them they're
beautiful yeah the rocks are glued in
there it's kid proof hey hi buddy let's
go we got work to do you ready to work
all right I like a working man
mommy Hey what you working on we're
going raw vlog right now totally raw
vlog right now email email email emails
and leftover pizza and you can I did hey
I need a co-pilot you ready to drive you
want drive the truck
you know what throw my trap cane yeah no
way hey I need a driver come on let's go
make sure you get milk lots of it
today is a workday
sorry guys we're doing a lot of working
date my project today is this garage
it's got to be cleaned out
I don't want to show you this side of
the garage I'm embarrassed but look at
this this is basically where I throw
everything that I don't touch too often
so ya got a big project huge things are
happening here next week and I need this
garage completely clean
hey you driving you should daddy drive
probably good idea are you sure you
don't want to drive are you sure man you
always want to drive why don't we take
these back to the post office because we
have one two three four five seven and
we have a whole bunch over there too I
mean I didn't steal them but my maximum
penalty for theft or misuse of postal
property $1,000 fine a three years
imprisonment I have like twenty of these
things my face alright let's put him in
the truck man love this kid nothing
beats hard work guys nothing up there
a ride you know my mom and dad taught me
to work that was something that we did
since we were kids since we can walk my
parents had us working it is a good
thing I I feel so blessed and thankful
for that that childhood teaching us to
work hard get what we want through work
and that's what I want to teach my kids
work ethics I think it's one of the most
important things and it's something that
my school never taught me I don't know
about your school but they don't teach
you how to go out and work you know they
teach about World War two the big one
coming in all right I think we got a
train jeez a little better give me
bigger five come on you help me load the
truck I love you
uh-uh Hulk's coming alright so we're
gonna run and get our lady at the post
office a well overdue treat she deserves
a little something from us these are
some of my favorite flowers in the world
love the orchids
look at that Baloo should we get her
that I don't know what it is but it
looks really healthy which one you want
alright everyone's leaving happy today
Caine's got some mini Kit Kats which
really good for you we got post office
at all some beautiful blue orchids which
are one of my favorite flowers in the
world it's so pretty and I got Mike Mike
see a guy that works at the post office
I got him a king-size KitKat and he's a
racy cup cuz I don't know what you get
him what my bucket spell that's alright
we got some buckets for you three let's
fill them Oh me and the UH me and our
viewers got you something thank you
that's from me and the viewers for all
your help and we we got Mike some some
chocolates
okay I'm gonna load up up
I'll be right out those are my favorite
hey she loved the flowers do you want to
go home and spray me with the power
washer you do y'all how did I guess
we're home we're home we're home
time to do some something
we fill it up with gas this will make
cars run and motors run yeah it's gonna
make this thing shoot water like a big
squirt gun are you ready to make it go
fast you soak the me all right mister
not helping at all
let me see let me see come on that's
quite a job here by the way I don't have
noticed but I'm pretty man I really
manned up made me a big salad King King
is rocking off the baby Einsteins in the
back little Einstein I remember I've had
my share of this Brittany got me a card
today thanks baby
you're the best in the car down I
thought of you
uh-huh well thanks for the sound I gotta
get back to work just set the vlog
public and it's just a good day to work
I need the garage done and I gotta give
up my dad's farmhouse muscle so got to
go to the old house get our old TV for
my dad's farmhouse we got to drive all
the way there get an old refrigerator
that they're not using and bring it here
for the garage we got a huge thing
happen this week next week Monday
starting on there
so big awesome Oh wonderful
alright guys without trying to totally
bore you all day I've just finished this
like this look how much better this
looks just finish this and all of this
look at that all the way down the steps
don't look at that stuff look at my
watch
you guys look way too comfy all he asked
me to sit with them ha hey now are you
sure I love you quick shower then I'm
off to meet my dad and we are going to
UM them you guys know the farmhouse
we've been going to we went there with
the Dudesons too they have an extra
refrigerator we need one for our garage
for next week's we're going to run all
the way down it's a long drive it's like
a road trip basically we're going to run
down there and grab that and then come
back here install it etc I know you I
know what now I know why you guys watch
this cuz it's so exciting it's just now
I'm kidding but wait till next week
just wait have fun with yoga little King
Kong and I are headed out to see grandpa
and take a little road trip tonight
Britney and my mom
and a few other people are doing their
yoga class like they do every week so
Kate and I are getting out so if you've
been watching the vlogs for a really
long time then you're going to remember
our old TV this is a new donation to the
farmhouse yeah we put a big ugly TV in
that these break and they got a haul it
out yeah thanks man
hey man it's a nice TV real gem on this
this used to be the best TV in the biz
pops it's always good thing you got rope
laying around hey getting stuff out of
the old house donate it to the farm
anything else you want there's not much
left take this rug all right let's take
this mirror you know what we are we're
on the jungle baby we are up up and away
you know here's a fun fact for you that
I've never said in the blogs
my brother Dale and I we drove this
truck around the entire country in 2006
we were on Warped Tour and we drove this
truck and you put almost all the mile
high for dad let us have his truck for
almost two months to be on Warped Tour
we drove I think we did 40 states and 50
days yeah pretty crazy this thing's a
beast stopping got some snacks some
chicken you got it yeah do the shake
well we're back to our house and what
seems like a quick little warp was quite
the feat to get this sucker here and get
that big TV up the steps at my dad's
house and I did not get what I needed
done here today all right guys all right
guys sorry for kind of jumping through
the end of this vlog we got so much done
and so little done it's unbelievable how
quick a day goes I did everything I
could today and I still get my garage
ready wait until you see what's
happening here next week guys it just
keeps getting worse it just keeps
getting better
all good things we love you guys thanks
for all the likes on these vlogs man
seriously I'm baffled and blown away
every single day by you guys thank you
for your support we will see you
tomorrow so many cool things coming I
can't wait till Monday to show you until
then it's just got to be a surprise
we'll see you then I love you I'll see
you tomorrow
smart more good thing we brought our
biggest vehicle into this tiny area
there's nowhere to park oh I can't even
look
all right we made it we're going to do
this
