initializing launch sequence controls in
three two one
Danny sup my friends it's finally sunny
outside I can get the GTR out um you
guys know the weather in Ohio is kind of
crappy right now but it's a beautiful
day so let's do it so I am driving the
GTR illegally today my tags expired
while is in Los Angeles and I know a lot
of you thinking why don't you just go
get new tags the tags actually have to
come from Nissan so I can't just go over
to the DMV and wait in line and pick up
tags actually have to be from them and
they don't have them yet so I'm just
driving it that's it
it's gonna get dirty today ha ha how was
school I'm an orange
course I hid in Orange stupid blurry
camera okay here we go here we go come
on focus it can't it just can't do it's
too much oh my gosh
hey that's just as good as we're getting
how is school man
also I missed you so I thought we do a
lot of like family projects together
with the kids and crafts are you know
you name it today I thought it'd be fun
to look at that we you where we can play
like the old Mario games and Mario Kart
and stuff like that so some fun yeah of
course it does
I bet Kano like it Super Smash Bros you
guys remember that games the best is
that it that's the one Noah's been
dreaming about this was the iPod 5 so it
is
mmm-hmm Wow
wishing one hand crapping the other see
which one fills up first can't wait
another day you got to keep working and
he's been he's actually been folding
shirts at the small Mart store making
money so all you gotta do is work about
I don't know two three thousand more
hours say who can find Avengers first I
mean want to get this know we're on the
right track or Spider Man just Captain
America ah
you got it blip forty what so they have
Wii U controllers that looking pretty
much like Xbox controllers which is good
for King because he already plays Xbox
yeah pretty much
these are cool too you can with like
that we're setting ourselves up for a
real family night dude
controllers a Wii I'm like a kid in a
candy store right now they don't excited
I don't know why we got our stuff we're
ready to play some games with my boys
Britney I'm gonna smoke everyone back it
up like a Mack truck you know this car
actually has a really big trunk
I don't know if anybody or boots
depending on where you live is it a boot
um we lost them we lost some goodies on
the drive but it's a big trunk right I
mean you wouldn't think that was in
there you could easily ride back there
you could easily ride to school back
there I don't what the what the teachers
would say you climbing out the back of
the trunk I mean I'm sure I'd have child
services knocking on my door um
here oh man Shh
he left man I guess we're just going to
play all these awesome new games by
ourselves you miss Noah I think we
should hook all this upstairs Hey look
Mario this is so fun
Mario ten comes out in two days
oh nice well this actually came with
Mario World that games too
uh-huh then you got $30 can't wait beat
all your guys butts okay we got it all
set up you guys are just off to a great
start
it's cool thing is uh least it comes
with Mario World this games got to be
fun
I can see Britney and I stand up real
late just playing this together this is
completely for player even this game no
I keep thinking you're playing an iPad
but it's a controller for this game like
why aren't you playing this I'm mostly
excited for this and this that
controller oh you definitely hand yeah
why's it look like Princess fartin ready
you see it ready watch watch c4m yeah
look like is ooh hey they are farting
you guys aren't gonna believe this so we
bought this brand new Wii U and the game
that comes on it is Mario World or
whatever and it works fun but it will
not read either Mario Cart or Super
Smash Bros neither game it won't read it
says invalid disc so we just got off the
phone with Nintendo and they were like
no take it back it's not reading I
thought maybe it was an update or
something but so now big waste of time
we got to take this thing back try to
pack it back into its its maze of a box
it's like a puzzle get that thing back
in there well I guess so give us time
we're gonna try to shoot a gaming video
for you guys alright I think I got it
all packed up ready to go hopefully I
packed it all in that box then realized
the disc was still inside to plug it
like hand
Noah's desk chair came in you guys watch
a couple days go into order what's that
yesterday no yeah alright my specialty
building stuff everything looks the same
to me yeah help me build yeah okay I'll
tell you what pieces to him alright
about six hours later I got a drawer
done I know it looks like it came out of
this box but I actually whittled this
from one piece of wood one piece of tree
destroyed the place like we always do I
got the desk almost done it's cute all
this it's nice and Britney successfully
got a new way that works are these all
the levels oh this is gonna be fun you
guys already picked us um Megan I mean
yeah guys the yellow guy yeah
ah dis you over here hey yep okay jump
into the ring this one jumps okay look
hey this one jumps pacer jump in okay
stop stop all right
this is hang on everybody hold still
everybody hold still okay we can't get
along we can't get along okay is this
you know okay you're who are you uh
Captain Falcon no little Matt all right
mommy's Princess Peach um I'm Gallic
villager and Cain is Captain Falcon
right here are you ready yeah that's
right
but I have an umbrella oh you guys
pushing to do all this
remember this guy I'm a net - oh my gosh
haha we got oh yeah I'm just netting
everybody I have no idea what's push
that's we can't die and all the people
actually look like thing is do all these
cool moves you have them
oh I guys like cheering onna good job we
tired for slightly well you got a nice
little desk now I mean only took me
hours to build there's nothing to it
that's how handy I am nobody ever hire
me to build anything ever is the desk is
built now I mean it's good it's nice I
guess is nice but I always have all
these leftover parts
these look like serious like you need
these tight parts you know like these
how do you not use these all right we
got the kids the bed finally it's it's
always a super challenge look the little
one nobody goes to bed he just it's
bedtime he goes to bed King you put that
hungry did you have to put the jacket on
him tonight with the straps
uh no just some sleepy mister a jacket
um it feels good although I'm so tired
it's pointless we got we had fun tonight
man they can't I'm glad the games ended
up working I think it would be a lot of
fun to record some gameplay with the
family with the kids
yeah just us being us on games could be
really funny especially Jane's little
attitude
that's for sure
something else see ya guys tell me in
the comments today or hit the thumbs up
on if you think we should play some
games together it doesn't have to be
nothing special but maybe some fun
classic family games you know nothing
crazy I think it could be pretty
entertaining it's something I would
definitely like to watch in 20 years
yeah you know I'd be it'd be pretty cute
but that's all I got for you today guys
we will see you tomorrow and special
thanks to you for watching we love ya
big old smile on your face smile more
ah ah we almost had it I want it
