it's actually really nice when something
my friends I got my man with me today no
whoa say what's up to the viewers we're
getting some man-to-man time we were
headed to grab a bite because we both
turning inside out from hunger the gas
light just came on in the big red truck
imagine that all this time I didn't even
know that existed down there it's like a
little hidden river never a bad day
that's cool dude and your new commerce
you rocking and rolling man yesterday
Britney brought Noah here and he had
some type of soup and he came home he's
like oh my gosh best soup ever so today
he's been he's been asking to come back
so what is this magical soup about wait
wait teaching I always film people when
they chew and iFit Rockley cheddar
yes
I guess you really do like that soup
it's all gone
alright so Noah's been asking for a desk
for his bedroom for a really long time
and I figured out we're back in town
might be a good time to look at salad
you know for schoolwork weren't you also
asking for heart post-it notes
well the chair selection is serious man
how do you pick the perfect chair you
sit in every single one all and it's
just like you know I like it but like
how do you know if it's a good chair
that thing looks like nice nice I think
you have to test the chair that you want
pull it out of the lot and roll it over
here we're thinking this little desk
right here
try it out now what do you think I'm
perfect right that's perfect
all right that's your package all right
fine I'll get gas I get it we had to
order the desk they didn't have it in
stock which is fine we'll get it
eventually you hear that that's the
sound of money falling into the yeah it
is it sounds just like this
while we wait I want to thank everybody
for the super huge love and support
you've given us on the toilet paper
prank I'm not even sure what it's at
right now as we speak but it was doing
good enough house--it like within I
don't know four hours of uploading and
like a hundred thousand lights which is
insane hundred thousand lights in four
hours that is why you are the best
viewers in the world that's crazy
numbers it's that's crazy
just don't forget it takes money to make
money that's right so my mom and dad are
here haven't seen these guys we were
partying it up in Las Vegas and then
you've went since there you went to
other places where did you just get back
from Minnesota Minnesota time to start
that grill up gonna do a little barbecue
it out a little what
gonna do a little barbecue in forgive me
for my hair I was squeezed to go today
but apparently Walking Dead's on now
it's too late and the whole world stops
for Walking Dead apparently I've never
seen it I know a lot of you guys are
gonna flip out that I haven't seen that
there she is
Wow what'd you do welcome welcome to
class brush your hard
yeah harder yeah
oh look at these little hooligans out
here doing doughnuts in my in my yard
which way no because we're gonna flip it
whoo yeah it's okay put right there
perfect drop another there yep all right
hot dogs dogs let's get some come on why
is it blue this camera's got its own
mind look that's a funky tool keep roll
that other one still a little hot you
like with the burnt rings right there
yeah me too how's she looking oh yeah
let's get some more time I think the
girl was just a hair hot I mean turn
that down
dad's in here rocking it out what do we
plan hey buddy
oh you're Robin okay I was confused cuz
you got so many things on you lookin
awesome
and who's this oh man you guys are way
cooler than me I'm just gonna go back in
skip to the good parts Lots big loss
hope everything's good Milla made it one
light bulb up here wait wait what is oh
wait one light bulb they're all out okay
okay I get it
we are warping into the night I'm hung
out with the family tonight and what do
you watching tonight
don't actually watch it it's just on
it's no volume and it's been in his DVD
player I can't easily easily three
months just that's why you probably
memorize the entire DVD by this family
time some burger time some girl time
yeah man that's what I'm talking about I
will see you early
I take note of school tomorrow
and that's the the earliest I ever get
up I guess when I did that toilet paper
break I got up at like 5:00 in the
morning I'm honestly surprised the house
looks as good as it does no but we had
all the kids here there's actually
carpet
nice but a little a little bit but it's
good that's my bad yeah I really do I'm
just sitting here literally going
through every single person that shared
my prank and following them on Twitter i
retweeted it okay no I just said I would
so every single person that shared it
with a link told their friends to check
it out I follow it's just that simple so
got a lot of mixed reviews on the prank
either loved it it's the best prank ever
or you hated it and you were
disappointed it was overhyped you know
when you have this size audience you're
gonna no matter what you do I don't care
what it is
someone's gonna hate it so the best
thing that I do is I just keep moving
like I'll just make another prank
I always just move forward I hope you
liked it if not hopefully I'll get you
on the next one but that being said that
kind of that kind of leaves me to the
question of the day and I want you to
leave it in the comments what is your
favorite prank that I have ever done
what is it what prank is it I want to
see what's the most common favorite
prank is and you can go through my
through my own what's it called my
Kattegat my channel would be yeah I
don't know I'm tired I finished at 5
a.m. or I went to bed at 5 a.m. and then
got up I'm just eliris so yeah guys tell
me and if you hated this pranking you
didn't share it's not too late share
your favorite prank I've ever made I'll
continue the fall of spray share that
prank you don't have to share this one
but tell me in the comments what is your
favorite prank I've ever done that's all
I got for you today we're gonna start
funky fresh tomorrow Monday morning we
love you guys things follow the love and
support and no matter what keep a smile
on your face smile more guys
I'm knocking on my door you were we got
a fight now okay filling up your water
bottle yeah about two hours it'll be
full its
