hey guys before this vlog starts I want
to tell you that our very first
challenge videos up and it's pretty
funny I think you're going to like it
it's on this channel right now go do
your thing go show some love for our
first challenge video everybody that
shares it I'm going to try to follow
tonight on Twitter as always thanks I
hope you like it what's up guys we are
out and about today it's beautiful
Saturday what's up we've got my
brother's oldest son's birthday today so
we're out trying to find him something
cool you want squirt guns and stuff
outside outside we gonna get him
something cool the weather is
unbelievable you know it's nice when
everyone's got their bikes out it's just
one feels great
I like how we all still have paint all
over us I took me ten minutes get all
the green off my I still got all over my
forehead you rake it out come on dude
mr. muscle shirt today dang you've been
lifting boy don't fall into the rocks
don't fall into the rocks hot lava hot
lava it's a big surprise after we eat
you know what it is you do
oh man where to switch sides became
taking the mast knives rubbing it in my
face that he's with mommy don't you
finish your food so we can eat the
surprise say this is your surprise
yogurt yeah now is got his favorite
broccoli cheddar broccoli cheddar cheese
all right I can send it nickel oh I wish
I would have had that
let's broke my finger he fell into the
truck I let's go get some birthday gifts
birthday presents birthday buzzards hey
do you guys want to pick out daily a
card pick out a funny one play this
ninja mouth open it that's fine
how about do it like that even birthday
cards are dropping f-bombs
all right just work back home just now
getting yesterday's vlog up I've been
doing this around 3 p.m. if you've
noticed most the blog's go up around 3
p.m. Eastern Time between 3:00 and 4:00
p.m. Eastern Time hey where's your shirt
does mommy look cool no she doesn't look
cool Oh should we go see her yeah ok I
won't show
cain't says you not look cool I know he
hates it I say that is scary you're
scary scared me I need to be a little
smiley yeah like a serious leopard cat
should she sleep outside in the woods
no it likes it
Oh aren't scared of me my boss
kind of a little bit scary I don't think
the makeups gonna make or break it I
think I wash it they were scared of you
way before you put the makeup on it's
hard to take you serious with that smile
do it again do it again
haha Bernie's got her full makeup
station setup today look at this I
thought you were joking about doing this
but she got like a hundred kids to do
hey grandma hey everybody this is my
grandma you guys usually see Britney's
grandma on the boys but this is mine yes
I'm here to see ya very good to see you
hey Wolverine you beating up on grandpa
you want a piece of me this face paints
going through everyone's heads you don't
want us money to buy smashes
hmm check your hand is it broke she's
going for the choke oh it's a house Oh
mouth looks so ridiculous it's like
you're always like
he looks so comfortable
yeah I feel like a pretzel did ready
yeah you go sideways too hey hey I see I
had a beaner I was flipping the kids
away oh my god you could be full Smith
we're 20 bones they're talking women are
also go faster it's gonna unwind - whoa
oh I know you can also swim and spin at
the same time oh okay hey pinata time
boy do it so pretty out get out there do
it I'll help you stick come up here oh
you're go hand board okay you ready
ready this way he's both hands yeah go
get your candy right guys kind of warped
into the night a lot a bit we're at the
birthday party all day and I just you
know there's something about putting
everyone's kids and families on the vlog
it's kind of you know a little hard for
me to pull out the cameras all the time
so today's a little whack but the new
challenge video is up so I want you guys
to show some love I hope you liked it
and if you want more challenges please
tell us please like the video and share
it and help us out with getting the
challenges off the ground so I think
it's something fun to do outside of the
outside of the vlogs and the pranks and
you know before I do in this vlog and
you have a little bit of behind the
scenes to the firecracker challenge that
I'll throw in here right now hope you
like it if hey what knows we're down
well I think the window should be up you
don't want that inside the truck so all
right so we're setting up cameras GoPros
of course help the situation I'm gonna
try to handhold this stupid camera dude
good luck this is not gonna be fun oh
man why sure it's pretty awesome
I'm actually gonna wear this in public
I got artillery I'm ready for war wait
how do you wear this your arms through
for a little kid but it's funny I'm sure
we'll be hi Ali
we're not gonna be here we got to start
there though yeah start low what can you
hold the blog camera while you drive
it's in there it's there oh here be are
you jumping on the roof like deadpan
enough did I'd scratch the roof you
bumped it dented it yeah it's big dent
right here oh that's a long way to fall
down all I'm saying is my leg got so hot
that I truly thought I was on fire I
jumped off the roof of this truck which
was I couldn't see anybody I honestly
had to jump no after it started going
there's so much smoke I was just trying
to stick my head up and I kept breathing
the sound I was just for something like
this and oh my god that was so fun
dollar weight and we got into the truck
like this alright you guys ready yeah
now we're like the roof oh oh something
easily on the face
scoffing not impossible to breathe are
you jumping on the roof
like then falling off did I'd scratch
the roof you bumped it dented it yeah
that's it
challenge Britney does a handstand no I
don't want to do challenges that like
every youtuber does will always be
original crazy stuff fun challenge this
is Britney does a handstand you drunk
into your sleep really all right guys we
love you I know this vlogs a little
whack but us the way it is there's a new
challenge video so you got two videos
today can't be that bad
we love you thanks for the love the
support and we love you love you we'll
see you tomorrow
smile
