hey guys before the behind-the-scenes
starts please subscribe to this channel
this is where I put all my behind us
install my pranks and my daily life
everything that I do so thanks for
watching and enjoy the show
we've just arrived got your new house
what do you think
very nice what do you think I love it
thank you I mean I know it's not much
thank you I wish you would have told me
how to rocks himself I even brought the
moving truck we're gonna move Howie out
and we're gonna be moving in so nice
thanks thanks for making this happen
Alex they were just getting set up some
cameras we're gonna have GoPros probably
shooting time-lapses for this whole
video I'm kinda like a dude with the
ball pit prank kind of past some time
it's gonna probably take two hours to do
this I bet with four of us okay test it
did that part of the roofs the highest
uh always have the truck we can stand on
yeah yeah the thing is like I don't want
I can't hold think you have to throw
from under right what is it there like a
I've never told a paper to house those
things that's so high what if um you
stand on that piece what is this Degas
I'm pretty sure you have to throw from
under like yeah yeah yeah so it unravels
like you spin it the right way you know
what I mean no yeah because that way
it'll yeah let's just see you like it
just do this dude how we gonna get that
down we have to shoot the intro dude so
dumb we could get it down you told me
throat it's a test
it's alright so here's what we got guy
we got over four thousand rolls of
toilet paper
um goes all the way to the back of this
truck which is probably way too many but
I always like to have way too much then
way too little
yeah nobody's awake yet we're gonna make
this happen fast oh my gosh okay so I
haven't literally been sitting here
while Romans been going to bathroom for
10 minutes
laughing at Alex with this long pole
trying to get this real toilet paper
down but you got it it's a good job we
have Eddie's here now he's gonna be
flying the drone today right we got that
down cuz I cannot in that much teamwork
makes the dream work
yep how's it going ready get this going
take so long you're gonna do it and Josh
with the intro right now for we before
we cover this palace okay I oh it's so
much better shoot an intro with GoPro
yeah I have to shoot at the GoPro
because it's the only thing I have with
a wide enough angle to actually capture
the entire house because it wraps all
the way over and even with my good
cameras the lens isn't wide enough so
the GoPro works perfect but I'll
actually be filming audio with my main
camera this is just video see like even
when even when the toilet paper is lined
up we can be like we got some fun toys
today you're edy here flying some aerial
shots for us houses definitely set up
for aerial shots it's a big one so he's
going to shoot some before shots right
now and then at the end he'll fly on
some after shots okay it's out of
control it's just it's gone
oh you just shot right there weren't we
in it know what I'll do one more these
are some of the coolest toys that I wish
that I got good at like I've always
wanted to do this but I've never took
the time to ever learn it I think you
could
look how sick that looks but don't speak
with the fish are you capture the whole
house I just did capture a house watch
I'll show ya ready let's not sit aside a
little just yeah yeah let's come over
here what's up buddy thanks for coming
man
tell me fun so yeah I think closer to
the house we high right I just want ya
kazumi I tell you that's it looking
closer to the line like two or three
taller look sick because then it's not
just one because it's just one we're
gonna line up the Welcome no yeah we're
on two like three it's close the
yeah just line them all up and we'll
start throwing I told Alex to go inside
and get us a little knife so that we can
get the boxes open but yeah he's cut
Nick hey don't cut your fingers off dude
we need you no I need this but
helicopter whirs this is literally a
fraction of the toilet paper we're gonna
line it all up so that it's quicker to
actually go over the houses we don't
have a whole lot of time when are you
gonna start that was perfect Karma thank
you
can i what do you think how he's gonna
say ah I hope he doesn't yell oh it
looks awesome look at this mess we got a
bonus though check this out we got to
throw diapers on the roof dude it's so
soft if I feels a lot higher doesn't it
I do default like you MA yeah yep ha ha
ha oh is awesome
did it hurt a little for huh I'm really
far to break back and run I'm gonna
follow you out don't jump you don't hit
your head on that okay like jump forward
this Michael Jordan yeah that's good
here give me your hand love I got you
ready
dude this every new prank that I do now
it's just full of regret this took so
long
look at this four thousand plus rolls to
unwrap out of the bags and then oh how
much time do you think we have I don't
know let me I think we have probably
only like a couple hours we're good
best I D yeah ever we got two for two I
know cuz there's like a halfway point
she's like oh as you can see
everything's going according but it's
way harder than we thought it would be
and we haven't even phased the rolls
like honestly we have so many rolls I
don't think you'd be able to see this
house if we use all these rolls nice all
that one's in there for life
what'd I say I said take your pictures
of the teepee because they just let me
down there I was like no actually this
is my place for pranking my dad what I
say hey and she was like well at least
your pranking your own place now we're
all starting to get our own methods here
yeah this is this is the devil fingering
method hold this oh boy look Anna camp
boom that was worked it was good the
underhand the underdog oh that was nice
oh it fell oh and that was that's what
you call the pitch why don't you just
use two fingers like this because then
you're only in the role I oh then you're
rolling I've got the kick ready how
about the kick the kicks a famous one
haha
oh well one thing's for sure we're way
under hand here that click we run we're
running out of time and the house is not
even nearly covered I mean it looks
great a normal person would be
completely happy with this but me not
happy we need way more if you want to
see someone's jaw drop we need way more
this is a beautiful sight look how
pretty that is honestly that's like
next-level visuals yeah except for the
fact that I'm trying to look up cleaning
crews why Noah will do it even open it's
Sunday
do you want me to take your vlog cam
like where we're hiding are you guys
gonna try and deal with the smiley face
thing that's a lot of uh
this is pretty unbelievable you guys
killed this putting a mic in the middle
of the driveway and hiding it with
toilet paper so that just in case they
get out of the car over here it's always
good you'll never see it you're gonna be
looking at that yeah if you it's go time
people I just wish I just wish I'd
filmed it oh my god
are there cameras one over there GoPro
GoPro got me you got me what it oh my
god what are the neighbors all the
neighbors gonna say I thought that was
your security you know this is a gated
house you let you in what do you mean
you let me let you in say cheese
I'll tell you what Roman Oh Roman Alex
Alex Alex if alex has anything to do
with this how did you get in the
community how do you get in I told you
there's a life in a gated community
exactly for this reason
happen how do you get in the front door
how could I get into the house toilet
paper for the next five years how do you
even get into out where's my I'll tell
you what I'll help you clean it Deal or
No Deal
dude America's Got Talent
America's Got Talent Roman Atwood has
talent I have a mess
it's double quited right there you know
that this so weird I was just gonna run
out to go get toilet paper
give me key to the door I have to go to
the really have to go I really have to
go just got a date take the take take
some with me
this is crazy oh and who's winning this
give me that you let me into the gate
this is look at my house look at my
house Moomin made me do it made you do
it we're gonna get in trouble a private
Roman to jump off a bridge you jump off
a bridge oh my if it'll get a million
views are you not this is a home
you got a deal with my mother what do
you think dude was it good was it good
you got me in trouble
was it good rhythm everything perfect I
got him freaking out I hope we have
audio on it could you heat I know I
could I could hear you guys talking
online over a wall by me when I was on
the bush and I just waved to her and she
kept walking
thank God did you hear me yeah yeah I
heard you you're like I think it's
awesome real artists that one did that
work it's tree yeah was that work could
you hear anything Brandon yeah I got
everything dude and I got this job too
right here like going like this I
figured it was so perfect that I would
do the scary no I'm so glad I can see
you coming I was keeping him watching
and he said how did you get into my
community that's why I moved here me I
was like angel it's a gate this big yeah
let's go
you got audio on stuff yeah I'll just
keep rolling on this too freaky no way
you could have done this like it you
for you guys
Britany what were you guys what are you
gonna do in here you know give anything
to do with this that's when I was at
Brittany what happened to my house what
happened to my house it looks like it
where all you people were you this is it
look at this oh you have some left you
didn't hear that was the guard us from
the house what happened did I come home
early
you came home too early I came home
early this was all stacked and ready for
more is that what you're doing yeah you
got to throw on how I you got to throw
on you unravel a little bit it's harder
than it looks
what do you do that I don't we had to
learn on our own but I'm willing to fill
you in on a few secrets
hold it oh that's wrong hold this so you
just understand there uh-huh
standing I'll show you how to do it is
that what I've taught my children I
think your children have done well Alex
thanks for getting me in the gate thanks
for getting me in the gate thanks for
getting me in trouble and now we're in
serious trouble good guy tough too man
you know it's all fun and games and then
you guys leave and then this is final
with a helicopter yeah good work my
friends we got him hey cotton how you
feeling
you're the one getting everybody I'm
usually the one getting everybody I was
made my life and my living and I bought
this house getting everyone and to be
honest doesn't like I'm an underneath of
anger like I'm angry because this is my
house but a good amazed because the
workmanship in screwing with me is but I
feel like I've been generally I've never
been screwed with this heart whoa come
on
that's what that's where something I
don't know if that was a compliment yeah
kind of was it kind of was a compliment
why don't to say things that I can't say
because I got kids and family but at the
same time I appreciate the effort put
into but I'm angry your son too
I don't but I'm proud and angry so I'm
angry okay everything angry angry I got
four angry in my family is drinking the
at yoga I think it would be fun to put
like a little projector and watch a
movie tonight instead let's not clean
let's watch a movie underneath the
teepee a lot of people are having a
little more fun than me the best part of
every prank ah
we're trying to clean up which is really
hard we're actually got some bad a
skateboarders let's do it that's six
rolls six rolls hi they just they just
hovered over it that's so pretty well
it's late and we're still not even close
I think we're going to have to call it
quits for tonight
that's what
