go get ready this is so fun just a
typical good morning from the Atwood
house you guys uh we gotta use this how
the poor sweeper man I had imagined
every filter is completely jammed packed
in that sweeper and it's still trashed
look at this room Caine is loving it you
having fun yeah he's been planned
palpable is rolling in the dough one of
these shiny follicle my soldiers
I mean yeah house is great gotten all
this happening today hmm
and more looks like a lot of mess
happened into the heck definitely
excited for you guys to go a lot of fun
we had it we have to go so we're gonna
sign we're all gonna sign a bunch of
these we're gonna give them away in the
vlogs or in the challenge video haven't
quite figured out how we want to do it
maybe if you guys want to give someone -
we should do that
yeah well should be pretty cool these
are pretty funny oh look at these with
the grana grandma Oh after you guys
obliviated her tea I'm loving this one
this is so much dust and they'll bury
stuff no let's do that house is killing
me everything's still clean thank you
gosh is that gonna fit you did eight
months look at me
your food is perfect yeah Oh Britt's
head is still white from all the guys I
hope it doesn't rain it's got a lot of
nice-looking luggage back here you know
right away the yeah all the Gunpowder
Oh
you know there's a god one wants to make
you crash in the Sun on his grandpa yeah
hell I go full-speed into the back of
his truck dude I genuinely had an
awesome time guys thank you so much for
coming
Alex HP ERP yuca you guys have been a
pleasure thank you thank you better
always welcome back at my house that's
what Britt said yesterday we have it on
we have it on video but we just love you
guys we love your family man
drama look my heart yeah I love your
family especially until it becomes mine
time to say goodbye
yeah I'll get out of me fog it up and
yes yeah it is love finally that you
would push one bag thank you for good
times yeah man of course have fun back
in Finland have fun in LA I'll see you
soon and that's it I thought me seemed
quite safe likes me we plan to work on
soon yeah well I guess yes my mark mom
or dad Alex thanks for coming dude I'll
see it a couple weeks oh wait I'm back
you got it ain't you smuggling cane in
there yeah give me my kid back all right
you guys I'll miss you I love you all
right guys just dropped everybody off
and I hope you've enjoyed the last few
vlogs I know that we have truly had a
blast and it's time to snap back into
reality a little bit get my house back
it's a mask guys it's it's it's bad so
yeah I want I want to motivate you guys
for a second and tell you that you know
it may sound silly to a lot of you that
the Dudesons come to my house and but to
me these are guys that when I was so
much younger I used to watch on TV and I
used to be like these guys are living
the dream they're getting to just do
what they love and and I want to use
this as a little motivation for you guys
because I just had these guys come to my
house and film with me these are guys
that I never thought I'd meet my life
like how would I ever meet big guys are
TV stars and it's impossible that's not
going to happen
well you warp ahead 10 years and now I'm
freaking filming with them in my living
room so don't give up guises do what you
love to do and cool things happen it
really does you just got to be positive
and keep moving forward and I promise
you one day you'll be like wow how is
this happening
yeah that's it gotta get my house back
that I need to do it's time to be adult
well it's back home and back to reality
this safe zone I put up the note point
zone caution tape out frog quite the
mess to clean up all the leftovers good
excuse to finally take all these old
wine bottles down don't need them up
there we have so much to do and I'm not
I'm not gonna lie or try to fake like
I'm not tired today I do nothing just
complete up I just put it from our
career oh no I am so exhausted driving
home from the airport I was about to
pull you because I felt like I was
falling asleep always call somebody to
stay away while you're driving em beep
hi almost dry K didn't hear me
yeah so pretty much it's just rebuilding
this house day I got um Brittany's mom
grandma and my friend coming over to
help good job pointing at mommy let go
get her
this is our day right here guys I'm
about to blow off all these there's so
many electronics that got powder all
over them and I doesn't even look bad on
camera but this stuff is nasty and just
clean it if anybody wants to have the
Dudesons over to your house it's so much
fun so I got this awesome friend named
Jeff you guys have seen him in the vlogs
and he loves to clean he just loves it
he actually comes over sometimes and
you'll just see him start cleaning your
clean freak aren't you that's weird but
I love it so I was thinking we woke up
this morning like we got to hire a
cleanup company to come here and then
all of a sudden the moms and the aunts
were like well we'll help and I was like
why don't I call Jeff since he likes it
so much and I'll just pay him whatever
the cleanup crew is I rather give it to
my friends such a win-win you get the
clean and you get paid East Coast
because Ohio did King I love you did but
those pants gotta go
MC Hammer daddy labs and Amazon
Bryn's ollie you know what I was
thinking if I ever sell this house that
I should put a montage together of
everything we've done in the house and
show it to the buyers this actually
happened here who would have thought it
would be hand washing my floor all night
this is ridiculous
oh hey do you build a fort and you're
watching Iron Man I love it dude super
cool yeah every once in a while
companies come to us and they want to
advertise on the channel which is cool
we very rarely have done it and today we
got one and and I'm do it I think it's
pretty cool and I want to tell you a
story before I tell you who it is it's a
company with audio books and the reason
I'm doing this is because probably a lot
of you guys are in school or even if
you're aren't in school you may be like
me I want to tell you a funny story and
this is true I hate reading I don't
think I've ever read a single book of my
entire life in fact this is true story
on I don't think I've ever told you this
when I was in school we used to have to
do book reports did you do book reports
yes where you have to read a book and
then important one the entire time
well we had a lot I remember doing a lot
of them anyways I used to make up an
entire book from title the entire story
beginning middle end fill the whole
poster out everything fake the whole
poster fake the whole book title fake
and on the day of the book report I
would forget my book I promise you that
is a true story
every book report I just make you know I
like creating so I just make it my own
book Wow and it worked
I always got pretty beat I never got
good
to battle idea I never got good grades
but they were they were good they were
better than if I didn't do the book
report I think the only book I ever
liked to kill a mockingbird or something
that's like every person is rated and
that's like feeling book I've ever read
I am I swear
well there's there's reasons I don't
like reading either number one I don't
sit still I'm fidgety I don't want to
sell my Creator I like moving I like
what's next what next can I do how can I
be more productive so I move a lot first
of all another thing is I don't
comprehend what I read I'm like I'll
read pages and then I'll be like wait
what did I just read a lot of you guys
are probably like that
so this company's hooking you guys up
today audible.com and what you do and
I've heard other people talk about this
on YouTube you can listen to books you
can listen anything you want you want
the knowledge of a book that it has to
offer you just listen to it
I bet it's cool it's actually a really
cool website and I gave this one some
thought and the more I thought about it
I'm like this is actually designed for
people like me yeah it really is so
that's what we're promoting today
audible.com they're hooking you guys up
with one month free
you have to use my URL and one book
totally free so if you want a cool book
it's totally free and you can jam to it
jam to a book that's a real thing it's
cool audible.com for / Roman Atwood
audible.com for classroom and at what
I'll put it in the description check it
out if you want to I think if you're
like me you're gonna like this website
Kane did you hang out with the Dudesons
too long yeah because look what you done
look did you have a toy can in the blue
up here man we're so close to resetting
this house although we're so far away
it's oh man 10 o'clock p.m. I haven't
even eaten yet Brittany's making me some
case years
I have this for you you had a late lunch
yeah I did have a late lunch but why are
you always calling me out on the bra I'm
trying to look like a helpless man life
suit ah I made this earlier you just
didn't he so I'm remaking it no I don't
eat that's the problem I don't stop
I can't won't stop can't stop you got to
make the booty drop I feel sorry for you
guys man I made an entire vlog about
cleaning my house and it's still
destroyed all right this is what should
we call this this is the a kid tackle I
don't know ready I'm coming in hot
what are you doing getting jammies are
you two getting dressed when we lay down
now it's on the move yeah now you got to
pin him down hey hey are these guys all
sleeping with me tonight
wait they're not sleeping in my bed
you're not sleeping in my no way yeah
hey say hi we are going to
we're gonna cuddle up hang out together
yeah sorry man let's just walk about
cleaning our house all right I'm not
even gonna middle vlog right now
I took a little yeah are you instigating
I'm not doing anything I can blog there
are gonna Bob alright now I can talk to
you guys all right guys yeah we're just
gonna hang out here finish up the night
probably all fall asleep right here with
this little monster monster we love you
guys thanks for hanging out with us last
few days we have another special guest
already on the books and we're just
gonna keep it going we're gonna have a
lot of fun we love you guys thanks for
all of the support and uh yeah that's it
bye we will see you tomorrow as always
thank you guys we love you smile more
