it's mail day sup my friends I'm feeling
about six out of ten right now
yeah how you feeling we're shipping out
our lucky winner
Morgan Gibbons I think to the UK this is
going to today it's not gonna fit I have
to cut it now what about that priority
can't shipping that box
it looks taller so the post office
doesn't have a box big enough for this
we're gonna go final on I did Mara can
daddy have a big hug have a big hug
my body it's a really cloudy completely
cloudy day in LA today it's a little
different than usual how are you feeling
wrong that is a cool bike I'm glad that
you gave me whatever you had it's been
really nice thank you
you're getting awfully heavy I don't I
don't even know if you could carry him
anymore
say you got a little baby but my baby
but Oh he's gonna beat you mommy he's
gonna beat you
have a seat young lady yes I'll sit with
K nurse so we're finally flying home
this Friday are you ready to go home are
you ready to go home we all miss Noah so
moving yeah Friday morning we're
actually flying out headed back to Ohio
I'm excited yeah
it's becoming pretty ritual for us every
time we eat to come to this candy store
every time I tell you how we get came to
eat now I'm feeling worse and worse
let's get some sugar dude I haven't seen
this stuff forever big packs of bubble
gum used to love it when I was a kid so
you gonna stay here okay I'm gonna take
grandma and Kate home I'm not feeling it
I thought I was gonna I thought I was
gonna get over this today but maybe not
take the camera yeah how are you gonna
get out of the parking lot you have the
only available money I left you with all
the money looks like they will take care
o
ball pops we didn't get it validated do
you need some cash do you have any cash
hey guys so I really didn't find too
much I wanted to find a couple things
before we went Friday I didn't find too
much I was trying to find like a really
cool sweatshirt for Alma I don't know
like if you like girlfriends boyfriends
like buy stuff for each other it's so
weird because I feel like problems me
like oh my god I don't like that take
that back right now
so I usually don't try and like I
usually never find anything for him but
I always at least
so I waited on uber now lorries get
enough work later so I'm gonna broaden
him home and then she's gonna meet at my
house and then we're gonna go to dinner
Momo all right oh there's Kane I was
gonna say its mama sitting here watching
ya cartoons
it's mama watching cartoons
ya know I thought I'm you gotta win this
today but I feel pretty crappy but good
thing is I get to sit here and just end
it the new prank that's awesome I know
I'm really excited about it I'm just
havin to convert so many things so I
tried to find you a cool sweatshirt yeah
didn't happen I could use it right now
just like as long as I'm sitting or
laying I feel good well who does it I
just sort of freezing getting so cold
this be done mmm-hmm
that's why you're staying home you don't
want to go out you just want to get your
prank done some of it cuz I want to get
my prank down the other half as I feel
like crying oh you just want me to sit
here he's daddy sound funny yeah guys I
really thought I would kick this today
we have dinner reservations for 8:30 for
six people
yeah I've canceled everyone's canceled
it's just Britney Lori gonna so it's
just two people now it's our reservation
I call it I was like yeah I'm 15 okay
yeah I like to change that to away from
six people to two I felt a lot better
earlier but now I'm back like evenings
are the worst mornings and evenings
I know it's okay I'm gonna literally sit
here and a blanket and edit all night Oh
me and Laurie you're gonna go eat it
yeah take this thing you've saved the
vlogs last two days I don't know hey did
you miss me I have something for you
what do you tell her hand with the hug I
love you know let's see how it goes oh
there it goes okay ready yes have you
ever been to hell son no okay awesome
yeah see you soon guys soon as she gets
back it's me and you it's me and you
look you'll miss him guys okay tell us
bye goodbye you wanna have Laurie don't
you
we're like in the corner table a huge
state was everyone staring at me
that's my babe
I don't want Brittany to go back to a
high tell Brittany to stay in LA I know
we leave Friday so this is like goodbye
dinner
so I think that there should be two
horns on a cart like serious get out of
my way and then she says that's like a
good thing Kane what do you have on your
hand
oh no let me help you
he's got bubble gum all over his hands
okay so I got the bubble gum cleaned up
daddy mr. daddy oh I was watching the
whole time
oh yeah were you playing with dominoes
I've been editing playing with dominoes
cooking food just totally multitasking
tonight well I brought some ribs and
some spinach dip back what all right
guys we're gonna end the vlog right now
listen to me I some awful huh say like
I'm talking so I'm talking out of my
ears
anyway get it in the vlog guys thanks
for being so patient with the vlogs I
don't think we're ever gonna get better
okay I felt good during the day some of
the evening and then I just start
crashing at night when I should maybe
have some sleep guys I love you good
news is I got I smashed a lot of this
prank head I wish I could just turn the
camera to show you what I'm
so excited release I'm gonna release the
prank it's official Sunday as always on
track someday
I'm super-pumped release this one I hope
that everyone's as happy about it as I
am I'm super excited I got I got a lot
of it done tonight and I'm gonna keep
working so I love you guys thanks for
watching thanks for adding support
thanks for putting up with Mondays on
this I'll see you guys tomorrow
mom one almost you are probably wishing
that I just took today off it's a spa
it's gonna nightmare it's gonna mess at
least you took the camera a little bit
and we found my wallet right
