what's up guys the Dudesons are here
what's up guys look at this start to our
beautiful morning strawberries and more
berries and tons of eggs bagels you know
starting like having guests over uh yeah
good morning from Ohio it's beautiful
out here are you guys ready to take over
this day yeah it's so pretty how we're
locking out guys isn't this like the
quiet sound and the birds sing and they
just stuff or so that's what I was
waiting for the sunshine he must of this
every morning every single morning the
Dudesons are here this is how we every
single one how about after we left it's
it's back to back to McDonald's right
hey buddy hey have fun with Grandma
today I love you Oh
for drunk but round five I like that
give that you cut down some trees do
good morning from Ohio
oh that real or is it a pee-pee gum
ready to light it up oh yeah
let's do what is that it's an ar-15 you
hit it didn't do anything
but he is America
we'll take a shot just shoot into the
the dirt where I was aiming and your
safety is on so flip that forward yeah
they got out load it no you're good yeah
merica I love this oh my ears
you guys are crazy one well he's missing
a thumb you gave a thumb is going on all
right safe Wow fire well of course this
is my camera goes off yuca has a
surprise for everybody - it's a pie fast
about the Dudesons are here why why was
this a good idea - breathing it was an
open invitation let's let's do an
Instagram pic the this is the why did we
invite the mutants to my house fuck okay
so we're going to look like the press
and they're gonna be all excited
happening I love the appraisers let me
actually show I'm actually shading
that's not it time to do another thing
an Instagram photo yeah yeah he's gonna
do it from his front log I think there's
a strawberry do we get a picture
oh it looks so amazing line up
oh look that's your cell you miss the
spot it's gonna be a messy
caking monster take a look at yourself
worth it oh but my ears are so close
blah blah get we are stepping out of the
house we gotta get out and spread our
wings a little bit we got a full house
and this yeah we came out just to see it
in a car I actually I honestly thought
that your house is the only place in
Ohio
that's still a Tennessee so well there
is plenty to see and we lucking out guys
with sunshine you guys know how our
weather is I always complain about it
but this is a great impression for you
guys and for Alex yeah he's like this is
what you've been complaining about
complaining say yeah at LA so my god the
weather like coming out of a
and I come here like this is what you're
gonna yeah it's a good first impression
of the state but we're going out get
some trinkets getting some things to
pull some crazy videos today can't wait
there's a girl cry me hey you guys want
to get grandma I love grandma pillow we
got it we got to we got to let's get
that from mom all we love and we should
right okay let's do that
more random I mean a tank full of helium
well this makes sense right here I can
see the I love grandma we got to get
that from oh my gosh she's aw shit they
cheese she's working today she's working
hard and why'd you let this happen to me
she was in on it but can't even go
anywhere you know it's like hanging out
with these guys these people on the face
and not just a shirt yeah yeah
then you guys got me man what do you
think about things like this it's not
edible it burns oh really
yeah yeah oh I don't know if they're
friends I don't know either are they
supposed to baking you know what guys
who needs friends when you got so many
enemies yeah who needs enemies when you
have friends like this of all places
oh I love Ohio Oh
all right one of my favorite places guys
look out like nobody's here it's a big
firework place dude and there's nobody
because you cannot smoke anywhere around
we should get them fake cigarettes no
that's not it all right so we're working
on probably the most crazy challenge
you've seen on YouTube yet and uh we had
to come to the big fireworks store this
is where you this is where you don't
bring the Dudesons yeah like a candy
star for me these look great
go figure go home I know right decisions
decision and this is the worst store to
come into because fireworks are very
very expensive but they're so fun and
they only last a few seconds you guys
know I like flowers I got these last
time but look at that leave that $200
all right we're locked and loaded I got
to thank this store that gave us two
giant fireworks T that's awesome that's
great they always hook us up here man
bikers we spend so much money
at what grow we found him yeah another
military store full of my parents rope
it's so cool to see this yeah that's
awesome you guys got a nice selection to
AH row yeah yeah leverages line but it's
really it's really Atwood wrote no
that's really cool so tomorrow morning
we're shooting a challenge video where I
just think it'd be funny if we were
dressed up and look in character for it
instead of just being ourselves it's
gonna be fun to just be in a different
character and Goofy and those pressure
gauges teeny pressure gauge there's so
many toys here none of them are toys
either you've got yeah he's not I just
grabbed his leg we have literally bought
so much stuff for this video we're
shooting tomorrow unbelievable would you
buy a knife - I put knife all kinds of
goodies we'll keep that all surprise
what you bought a knife - of course
hey dude you guys are criminals there
would be a day without some dinner let's
do it let's do it
how it smells good yeah
bring back memories baby a lot of people
don't know this but this is the very
first date I ever went on was it this
restaurant guys these exactly we're
taking you back in time today yeah yeah
we set over there yeah we Center my
feeling in a proposal huh a Dudesons
proposal
who's gonna propose to you guys gonna
get married
finally though world's been waiting I
think there's a heart beyond its bed no
look at that oh yeah yeah this is the
first place if he ever came I picked her
up in a work van I was like shit it's
this asshole
thank you for letting I know sharing
this moment so we got a guy over here
it's his birthday and they just sang to
him at the restaurant these guys want to
go sing to him and finish go for I
deserves it he deserves it
did he made him cry so good what's up
you're on camera say hi so I was told to
bring away oh thank you honey
Jung Geun it's a shame I was like that
tastes like perfume
I love to do
you're safe with us dude watch your feet
touch the land
stop playing pranks are you not letting
us in anymore
is it because of us she's taking over
she's tired of our ways yeah hey hey
where's Kane he's not here no it's
growing ah Kane Kane oh hey dude hey I
missed you
oh so happy to see you here
hey we all got you a pillow did you see
it you see did you see it we all got
that for you I have this what's up there
oh we're still finding these stupid
balls all over the house yes yes yes I'm
so excited about this wait when did we
film this this is back in about a year
ago in Finland Jesus so when we went to
Finland um we shot a whole week but they
were shooting a TV show at the same time
so this has all the footage I've never
got to see it so we're about to watch it
in this episode you are collaborating
with YouTube celebrity Robin happen with
us
did you see that he's one of the world's
leading group of stars and his videos
get eighty million views combined he
it's mine he's also gone to release a
full-length feature film which is based
on candid camera craft from Finland for
a dream come true
dude
Mason up Finland I'm so excited to see
this
yeah the fall episode we're putting it
out right now so this video is up guys
how long 21 minutes
it's so hot man is that I'm dying to
just sit back and watch it it's so it'll
be up yeah yeah all right we're gonna so
if I put the link in the alright guys
good you go check out this videos is
something shot a long time ago and it's
finally done it took it's literally been
a year and it's a whole bunch of stuff
we've never shown anybody or ever I've
never even got to see yet so I'll put at
the top of this description link go
smash it and check out I think you'll
really enjoy it alright and I want to do
more I want to do more than that we got
into a week in Finland yeah a week in
Finland a week in Finland do it yeah
I'll go under the ice ah is that it is
that in there um we don't did this
challenge where we go underneath the
frozen it's in an ocean and I was the
only one that couldn't go under and I
still get crap for it I got to go to
feeling just to redeem myself did is
there a way to train for that alright
guys we're gonna call it a day we've got
so much to do tomorrow and we just
haven't so much fun and thank you guys
for coming along and hanging out with us
I'm putting this 21 minute video that we
shot with the Dudesons a year ago in the
top of this description please go check
it out I know you're gonna love it it's
basically a super vlog of an entire week
in Finland so uh I hope you enjoy it
that's all we got we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget slap a big ol smile on your
face your awesome smile more oh what'd
he do to you oh I thought I got arrested
we hug dare you ah the cops come up but
