we scared what's up guys we are in
Mama's car today because she got the GTR
impounded yesterday for reckless driving
and so yeah this is my car now it's not
that bad actually
we are going to get a new car right now
to pick up the deuces at the airport so
let's do it
these guys are like it's gonna rain turn
around
you never seen a pink one no there's our
Doutzen mobile that's what we're gonna
go get them in hey I'll see you at the
house okay I'll bring the big limo home
he's gonna fall asleep what's up man how
you doing
Brandon nice to meet you dude I haven't
been in this thing for a long time I'll
sit right here
both everything oh you got me yeah guys
we're going to pick up the Dudesons and
I just didn't think picking them up in
grandma's car was efficient it just
wasn't enough they died right in the
trunk on the roof Ridge they probably
prefer that she's prettier we come up in
style on a big pink limo
we're coming in the final I don't know
where they are just we're coming to the
airport and I'm not leaving I'm actually
staying here
what's up baby what's up papa bear nice
educated man hey what's up baby glad you
made it see the go good god that's more
like just for you your feet he thought
we were getting hits Villiers so who's
gonna dance for this isn't really useful
see oh well it's off he's gonna want to
know where's the art where's your honor
yeah he could have come rest in fish
rusty but here's the thing you you guys
better watch your back he might feel
another fire
yes what I'm you can't make it last
second yeah there's in this safe corner
boy we're taking a picture
what up welcome welcome welcome and it
begins I could've helped you do know you
only got nine fingers care the camera I
think my hair and makeup stuff yeah your
bag was bigger last time yeah this is my
boy Noah before yeah
he left his thumb in Finland Oh goodbye
yeah I could do that I know he show for
a few minutes but by the end the night
he's gonna be tackling you guys oh yeah
they can finish this is mom oh she just
got Frank so hard yesterday yeah what'd
he do to you
oh wait I thought I got arrested wait
I'm daring you what has the cops come up
behind us bro oh my scared the crap yeah
birthday present 21 yes oh yes let's go
check out the limo dude is that cool or
what and take a little ride real quick
for the kids thanks for doing that man
no problem
kids ooh mama I know well you're one of
the kids oh wait what are you doing no
Neal came by if I won't admit this but I
came out like 5:00 a.m. to get something
and he was in here eating these I never
had these before hey have you guys ever
heard of my oatmeal cream pie what the
Little Debbie snack that we were just
yesterday's vlog I was blown away he had
never heard of that I just want to know
if you guess that's okay it's like a
creek yeah it's like a cookie
you're sleeping in here where's Noah so
uh Kanan you go get along my shoes dude
yeah just hitting you with spider webs
dude remember this it's a bee it will
block a bee vignette I got you
hi guys
get him kick this is what the room looks
like when you you post your Wi-Fi
password everybody wants it
I got a Skype home to my mom on the way
from Finland she's about waking up right
now
Berlin eight o'clock here is what six
hours or five hours difference we're
gonna start our first night off with
some mean who's got local butchered
steaks which should be phenomenal it's
always the best that we have you guys
like you guys like me yeah I know you're
circling this thing like buzzer dead
naked I was here all so at this funny
story years and years and years ago when
I worked at the factory I came home from
lunch one day and knowing I was sitting
on the couch watching this TV show where
this guy was about to jump off onto a
trampoline of tacks do you remember that
you were young but you're you're the
only thing you said was who would do
that you know who did that
how's this guy right here yeah so I
bought so you can actually ask him right
now who would do that that's a true
story man they're sitting around about
you really like I'm sitting right here
beside you did let's get married by this
these is what are you oh my gosh trying
to make up and ever going to put an air
mattress we can sleep in
yeah definitely
yeah that's it that's a bedroom the
things we got to do they see look see
now I want to play in it yeah
I've never seen an air mattress with a
headboard that's unbelievable
you guys are gonna need that headboard
too yeah the view commoditization on
sweetie are you leaving these out here
I'll get it real everybody else got to
plug their beds in I just love all the
whole upstairs nothing but toys and play
stuff
sleepy boy eyes not dude I like that
that's legit
I love the air the headboard because I
like my pillow up on some you giving up
that easy
nah he wants to sleep on the couch now
dude I had to move all these balls the
other beds in here know what I'm better
off folding it all right say good night
guys come on man climb over here real
quiet robot season
you missed hi guys were kind of skipped
into the night we've been sitting here
pounding out ideas for the rest of the
week what we're gonna do oh man it's
gonna be fun guys we're all so tired
these guys man not on me I don't care
these guys have been flying for like a
hundred hours I think you've been here
tonight so we are kind of just settling
in tonight they're just settling in and
we're gonna go really hard for the next
few days and bring you guys so much fun
entertainment what all right that's it
for today I hope you guys are ready for
an awesome week here at the low outlet
house we're gonna have some fun oh oh we
want to do one of our days one of our
days we want to do public dares from you
guys so what would you like to see all
of us do be creative have fun with it
tell us in the comments what you'd like
to see us do out in public these are
real dares from you guys out in public
we're all gonna go out and do them I
think I'd be a fun video everyone want
to see it yeah what if I just hold the
camera all right guys we love you hit us
with those comments we'll see you
tomorrow
smama all we got to do is scare the crap
out of my grandma you guys like scaring
grandmas is that your type of thing
absolutely already done twice this
weekend
