good morning my friends it's absolutely
breathtaking outside I'm with my homie
what's up what's not everybody we are
almond soldiers we are uh we're always
you guys know all week I've had sick
family members grandma Cain Britney's
been a little off but today um a lot of
my stuff got canceled so you have
invited me out we're gonna make a prank
today with him for his channel and I
just have fun that's all we want to do
is hello I'm Roman soldiers to be
umbrellas we're about to create the most
epic video that I've done like I think
on my channel really yeah I think this
is gonna be that big I would be honored
to be part of that we just stopped him
on the shadiest but coolest areas in
town and we're actually looking for new
furniture for the apartment so I figured
this is a nice fix me up it's really not
that bad
cane cane could have his own mattress
this is nice and a new couch so how does
this all this stuff get back here hey
there's a river that we can go into
right now and do drag racing drag dragon
racing drag what do you mean drag race
what literally underground can go
underground right now to the river and
beggars all ibc go up really why are we
doing that
you forget the filming let's hey capture
Holly it was so sick Tony Hawk every
time I'm in this area I think of
Terminator 2 for some reason we're here
amps that semi truck off the mix off
Christian oh dude
that's not even right it's not right the
filming opportunity here is so crazy I
mean there's people you can see them
down there with their cameras and air
it's just opportunity everywhere people
working every part of the city people
film in and making videos and it's
pretty cool I mean who doesn't want to
make a video in that that just looks fun
I've always want to have like a
paintball airsoft battle and like that
type of environment right there
if you want to go and take a ride with
me hey yo yeah what do you think about
today man how you think it's going this
one is crazy driving film and this is a
one-man army right here Christian
Yusuf I think it's going to this is a
different type of video for every type
of video really different for me it is
right yeah it's totally different it's
like nothing that I usually would do
it's something that um you know it's a
collaboration so I'm you know what
though the whole smile more campaign
that you do is like perfect for this so
it makes perfect sense
yeah it's emotional that is a lot more
it's definitely a most stressed no more
well you Christian everyone everyone
should smile more
I'm about to take a serious lunch break
they got legit everything's in Spanish
we're the legit Mexican restaurant it
smells like the best thing I've ever
smelled in my life that's why you just
say carne asada super bro don't call it
a dance what it is funny so super really
get some nachos right there we can share
have one straw two cups are you ready
are you ready are you guys ready
reveal it by Roxy
we bought want to return oh my gooosh
hey this is toxic yeah apparently this
is some of the best Mexican food you can
get in Los Angeles attitude remember
it's called king taco you know why cuz
it's authentic so it looks amazing
plus it comes with battery acid it is
hot is good oh my god it was so good I'm
the happiest guy on the planet right now
we got a video today we got Mexican food
oh man I've been eating Chinese every
day but that was I was gonna upload I
was gonna upload a different video on my
channel today but I'm not the one I
didn't Roman should be up right now stop
it I can kick it oh I'm gonna go into it
sleepy time all that is so purty that's
a good that's a good day's work right
there leave that oh that makes me miss
my baby I'll miss it
a little fruit loop hey a little fruit
loop Hey look at me did you miss me yeah
I missed you more
back home how are you feelin are you
gonna come to life or not I doubt it
you've been walking around here doing
them the Bernese weekend at Bernie's no
I'm gonna vlog I just had to say hi cuz
I only stay home for one minute I I love
you work doesn't stop I gotta keep
working
alright guys the work is not stopping
for me and I know that there was
supposed to be video up today it's
Sunday March 8th as you're watching this
but I can't help my family getting sick
this week and it really pushed
everything back so I apologize for that
there's nothing I can do about it and I
really do take care of them first so
before business it's family
I promise I'll make it up to you and now
is about the time where I have to end
this vlog because for the next four
hours tonight I'll be preparing for
tomorrow which is the big one that I've
been telling you guys about that I've
spent a lot of time and effort into and
it's happening tomorrow so tomorrow
could be a rough vlog too because it is
a surprise and it does have to wait a
few days to upload so bear with me guys
um I know this isn't what you want to
hear and it's not even what I want to do
but I got to protect my company in
business and keep some things a secret
from the internet until they're ready to
go live so please understand that and
yeah so let's let's get my work done and
skip ahead a little bit so here we go
daddy's home I know it's so late it's
bedtime what just reading our book huh
all right we are all set for tomorrow
I'm gonna be we're gonna set a world
record
really maybe world record prank let me
press it we could I think with this one
it's gonna be unbelievable uh hey let
Daddy in the blog okay and then I'll
beat the crap out of you all right
all right guys forgive me for ending the
vlog so abruptly today I know you guys
understand I don't really have to ever
apologize to guys you guys are amazing
but I do I am going to end except to
edit and be up at five in the morning to
pull off this amazing bring it
tomorrow's vlog could be even worse
because I can't really give up anything
it's what releases but we'll see we'll
see what I can give you maybe I'll
release a sneak peak on somewhere oh I
did with the ball video I kept that
remember how bad I won't upload a
picture of the ball prank but I did it
until it upload it was so hard they
filmed it like a week and a half before
I know I was like setting all settings
before I even uploaded this kid is a
little weasel it's just apartment up in
any but it's sick for so many days look
how happy is it just beating me up all
right guys thank you truly for all the
love and support I know you guys are
with me through this so thank you we
will see you tomorrow oh oh the prank I
did with fousey is up today it's not
prank it's it does these social
experiments a lot
I must totally forgot dad's up today so
we were productive so good check that
out I'll put a link in the description
of this video um if I can get the Roman
soldiers to smash it so you do have
something to watch I love you guys it
was something different for me I don't
know how you'll feel about my part
maybe you love it maybe hey I don't know
but I love you guys go show some love
and we will see you tomorrow
smile more all right guys pick a color
it's my next giveaway right here
red yellow blue that's what I want
really yellow
