what's up my friends just get to the
store I got a run in and get some we
things we got the the security company
at my house today put in all kinds of
new security for the home and uh you
know like flames shoot out under the
porch if somebody walks on it's like
this rocket cannon it shoots that it's
pretty intense man like my kids are
protected oh it's super windy but it's
beautiful it's sunny
it feels great I don't know what this is
gonna sound like so I need a super long
HDMI cable I long like I only see short
ones 16 funny like 50 feet 50 foot these
are all short
okay the longest they sell is a
35-footer I need a 50-footer this is not
good 50 foot of HDMI is painful it's
going on down here you got some shit you
got child labor going on down here can
did you do all these orders holy yeah
dude bigger five for that you're killing
it you're gonna make a lot of people
happy everybody's canes packing your
stuff yeah personally Nana given these
tattoos yeah
well as you guys can see Kane has the
smile more store cover he's got it he's
got it so you guys play snorters now
that Kane's got it all right guys when I
was at the store today I found a cool
deal on a wall mount for this TV that's
always sitting here and I just figured I
would install it you know what that
means
if I can fix it no one can I see what we
got going
I'll pick up marks on his logo tear it
down put a waterfall here if you want a
waterfall
bottom line guys I can't fish it no I
put my cool down stop I told you they're
not toys I'm gonna grow any way to fix
the holes in the wall no I'm not take it
off take it up cut that part out I don't
want that in here yeah that was pretty
fun Dale is of course way more of a
handyman I mean he even brought the tool
belt and stuff but we all know that I
can hang something so I'm gonna try to
hang this up tonight so I'm just gonna
strap this bad boy on he's wanted nails
awesome toys so that I could look like a
real handyman in my handyman sketch took
me an hour to take all my tools out now
for two sets of tools
oh yeah area area here's what I'm
thinking over each corner
okay well this is just the intro say
that okay okay
supporter okay music wrong instance
instance
hi let's work I need some boots on my
Mercedes now there's a good good morning
via the shop don't try it again one more
what should I say it's the only thing
about yoga okay I got this
let's drill it hey if I can't fix it no
one can
handy ro man filming I'm filming you ice
it I see what we got no I'll pick up
marks on this one we'll tear it down put
a waterfall here if you want a waterfall
why don't you fix the chair you take
measure thing put the chair over put the
chair over look at with your flashlight
look at the screws or something I was
gonna give you the borescope you should
have you should have a reel of mess up
oh yeah unfortunately this one's I'm
fixable yeah that's one scrap make good
bum pot now don't lean up so much I'm
trying to cut out the mess in the
background all right you know
unfortunately this one's busted
I probably just get a new one we can
burn it down hanging upside down on a
rappel harness haha and you zoom out and
it's right above the table
would be funny if while you're doing
this the table broke when I want a
double claw she should just fall back
this is ridiculous she's holding a straw
get it down yeah hates him
that's all I think I already threw away
Oh for the wall melt all right on this
one I'm just gonna come up to the camera
and I should say one line they all
should come push me out of the way Vic
let me do it wait the bottom line guys
if I can't fix it no one can
that's the bottom line give me my tools
back come on
I told you quit playing they're not toys
give me my banana it's Marvin that
monkeys that haven't eaten all day so we
gonna hang this up for what do it again
more aggressive scare me you're gonna
call me anyway to fix your mess and
quicker right when I'm done you should
be pushing it you feel like you're in
the old sketch day sale you mean kill
with these spacers and the bolts it came
with these spacers with the bolts aren't
long enough to get through what I don't
get it I don't get it
dude two part problem dude Samsung
resets the screw holes into deep and
these people got just cheap and left
five millimeters off the end of the
screw nothing we can do about it that's
just hang on first door but no look at
all this stuff none of them worked back
and thrown in the stores face you know
when you when you do as much handyman
work as me you listen to your brother
and you just cut the washers with with
pliers
this is void the warranty no now they're
gonna come and confiscate like TV now
now if you file a claim for that
broken TV for the hundred dollar TV now
they'll cover it but TV just go right
off the counter are you think that's
enough you think that's enough
no wait a half inch looks like you shoot
it for uh pretty just had a half-inch
more you know put crop some assembly
required
the problem is back this TV is flimsy as
a trampoline yeah I could hop on this
thing alright look at that we cut it all
down
we got the bolts on now look explain
this mr. mechanic hold that TV it's junk
you mean they sold us the wrong thing
look this parts too big doesn't even fit
in the hole have-have the company come
out and try to hang it I'm blown away
you ever engineered that I'm not just a
job I'm not that is crap
does it fit this part doesn't fit here
and there's no other bolt so it's the
only place to put it
six-year-old could figure that one out
alright guys never give up we didn't use
any parts this TV mount all we did I
didn't use washers this thing's got
we're gonna it's gonna faltering the
night what a nightmare if I woulda
filmed what actually happened you guys
been laughing a whole time but look it's
good it's literally just gonna slide
right on to that little fixture all
right Dale
hang it up do it let's hang it up I'm
totally calm this is what we've been
waiting for guys I'm totally confident
this oh no oh no wait we have to mount
it first then boat it that's it here's
the mount then slide it in because the
ceilings too low oh man this is oh wait
let's lean this down right yeah little
bias yeah Alan wrench it
no not even close
all right we saw this off we just we
just Matt Lauer we gotta take it off my
god we've taken this man off four or
five white you girls do this got this
anyway this is a good episode of handy
row man it's time it's here Jess you
stay out of this I'm gonna try to open
this thing for four or five days now
let's cut it open what does this mean
what does that mean look it up don't do
this to me it took two years to grow
that pineapple yeah just shove it in
your mouth I don't know about that
it'll taste bad if it's right it's not
rotten is it good is it good
talk to me speak there must be all right
what is blue he just blew it all over my
pineapple you mean it's fine well
it's got a hint of light it's going back
yeah it's once per minute is crap yeah
it's like starting to rock 84 pineapple
hey he proved don't trust it none of
this stuff goes to waste dude I don't
trust it nigga how long is sat on the
ground hi thanks for no help at all you
didn't do nothing I did everything just
kidding you're the best
bye Dale
give me five King Kong what if I came
did today look at buzz you think buzz
wants to be seen like that looking look
at that man see you Jess hey I think
they might be embarrassed oh well since
we spent most of freakin Bunney put up
this TV hang on hang on hey
what do you mean it just broke I just
pulled it up honey I've told you not to
pull it out these pieces fell off wait
look
that right there oh snapdragons just
laying here just laying there I'm sure
good you know I don't want to jump to
conclusions but it looks like somebody
needs a handyman that's way above my way
above my pay grade honey
okay can you fix this for mommy just
like that hey let me take a look holy
cow guys before we go any further in
this vlog I want to say thank you once
again how many times I thank you guys
you blow him on yesterday's vlog I
showed you that we were we were 30,000
subscribers away
from 6 million subs on the prank channel
which that blew my mind so what did you
guys do you went and you just spread so
much love we went up oh my gosh I think
we've been up like 12,000 subscribers
since last night
12,000 subscribers since last night you
guys are you guys just don't stop
surprising like when I see stuff like
this I just it motivates me so much to
want to do so much more so thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you
guys are awesome you're the bee's knees
cats meow the dogs bark the best don't
cry don't cry ok he'll forgive have your
nuts in the picture no oh my god
the kitten the what Kim cage wait I'm
out of the loop on stuff oh this rink no
the lip thing was just went everywhere
everybody is doing it ok no I can't
believe I see not mining it crying sort
of Kim K cry then do yours
what are you doing in my bed just been a
little off doing a lot of things behind
the camera that I just I just can't vlog
and hopefully that clears up in a couple
days and we get back on track cuz I got
some sweet things coming up and we're
gonna hit six million on the prank
channel thanks to you guys and that
works perfect cuz I got a new pranking
droppin that you guys are gonna love and
everybody's asleep now so tricky it's
not like hey cereal
Withey wow we really love you guys I
hope you're excited for the new prank
it's it's a it's a it's a big one and
after this I'll probably relax and do
some back to the basic type pranks
because I'm definitely spending way too
much time on these pranks and you guys
are being way too patient we love you
tickle sick of it we love you thanks for
the love and support as always a new
scene tomorrow smile more guys you're
amazing you're the best come on listen
is it gonna fit which one do you want a
ride in tough decisions constant Oh race
car good call yeah don't you don't use
the door did
