what's up my friends what's up we are
actually I am returning the loyal
minivan and after this trip I gotta say
I'm kind of a minivan kind of man I
enjoyed it did its job did its job well
we're gonna miss you baby we're gonna
miss you alright guys as I wait for my
ride I want to tell you that alright
guys today is prep damson alright guys
while I wait for my ride to come I want
to tell you that today is prep day
tomorrow is a big prank and I'll bring
you along but it's huge I've spent about
a month and a half working out all the
details and making sure that it can
happen I'm really nervous about it but
either way I'm going to bring you along
tomorrow and pranks are coming back I'm
doing two massive videos this week so
hang tight thanks for being so patient
it's gonna be a good one and hopefully
it's one of those videos where you guys
go damn yeah it was worth the wait and
no it's not um Britney she's safe this
time so I'm gonna head off to the camera
store right now to get a couple of
supplies that I need and filling up I
feel like I'm doing this a lot lately
another beautiful day in LA
it burns it burns so bad stop stop stop
see how girls got their purse stores and
their clothing stores was guys we got
camera stores this is where I like to
spend all my money I'm just picking up
some GoPro accessories today for a big
rain tomorrow this place is the best in
no matter what you need they got it a
little embarrassed but I want to show
you guys my new vlog camera that I'm
getting I know a lot of people are
getting new quad cameras but here's mine
I think the quality is going to be great
so that's it in and out you cannot you
gotta put your blinders in on there
because you will spend all your money in
that store man awesome so you guys
remember when I used to just go out on
the streets and make a prank in one day
those were actually really fun days and
and I'm going back to that just for now
there's a lot of pressure on me to
produce these massive videos and not
just pressure from you guys or companies
or agencies pressure on me mentally I
cannot make things less than the one
before I like to I like to always try to
outdo myself personally has nothing to
do with anybody else not you not
companies nobody's me it's a mental
issue that I have where I have to try to
do things at my best
always so I just went picked up a bunch
of stuff for tomorrow we're all set it's
it's a you know over a month and a half
probably two months worth of planning to
pull this prank off tomorrow so it's one
of them videos though that I I'm really
guessing you guys are gonna be like god
it was so worth the wait it was so good
so we'll see we'll see we'll see
baby hey Schmitt up with Johnny Johnny
Hollywood how you feeling brother kids
how you feeling better you look great
man you're walking like a champ walking
like a pro we just watched a little bit
of the movie it's coming along great
exit ah I'm sorry guys forgive me I
spent most of my day not being able to
vlog I'm gonna make it up to you I'm
gonna go out tonight hang out with a
couple friends that you probably know
you've probably heard of oh all right
just picked up little brat we were
headed to some dinner with some friends
how you doing tonight man doing good
awesome tomorrow is the big day what do
you think about the new prank I'm
working up get three action yet I know
one shot month and a half's worth of
build-up for one shot one opportunity
I'm usually good at that though that's
usually where I shine yeah
how was Kane and grandma if she's not
feeling good tonight we're almost
actually kind of sick we went gutter
medicine earlier yeah she was too just
resting I rely on the contract cozy yeah
we're just gonna run out for a quick
dinner with some friends all right
Swilley go Benny I know Benny huh this
is kind of where we went it playlist
with our cooking the food on where I
broke the eggs yeah
no but it's kind of like it's kind of
like
this is Benihana are you our waitress
you're not going to cook for us how are
you man good boy
what's up guys say hi so we got Olly
white that's good we got I'm sorry what
was your name Joe sugg what is it Joe
oh I thought you were somebody else I'm
just kidding we got Lucy no what I don't
remember your name either
we brought dad tonight
hoarse Britney
how are you high five and that's how we
do it
high five I'm not sure what type it what
type of soup is this oh nice it's
delicious you don't want any so we had
all these awesome plans
something so cool and exciting for the
vlogs and then
maybe next up this is going mix like
when do you in like two days
come on
so we get to hang out a little bit and
we got company
mom finally showed up maybe I put in a
special request tonight
I don't have to say I love you hey
thanks for doing that man you wish the
heartbeat
we got our cook tonight as angel he is
just cooking
onions mushrooms I know you're getting
hungry right about started Joe a little
bit fully cool jet courgette okay I got
some courgette what do you call these
Britt's gonna try our first ever stray
you'll never tradition I don't even know
you
I don't know who you are all right cover
despite it
it takes a while to get used to the
texture at the flavors it's always
birthday
alright ladies and gentlemen who's ready
for a second second seconds this is our
happy YouTube family tonight we all look
so happy
you can totally cut him out like no
problem okay I guess he's like the kiddo
enlightened that we're wrapping up the
night we had a great night there a
thanks for coming out guys it's fun
we're gonna do some more adventurous
next time maybe I'll get a bulb is
somebody crying for something maybe you
can use me as like a dude I guarantee
that both our viewers probably just want
to see you settle on this yes oh you're
so cool all right and I did you'll know
if it rains nobody's telling me how the
night's going how's your night going man
excuse me
how's your night going honey will tell
me so we were about to go home but Alex
just sent me this
he says I'll race you that looks fun to
me
ha ha ha I still wore didn't even get
them I don't know it's Alex who knows
but bill dominance oh my god where did
you get these let's well they're way
bigger than I thought oh yeah
that looks really hard to drive no sexy
Oh what do you got there I don't know
what it's called but it's not it's
called the green machine yeah it's time
for war that's what it's time for you
text me a picture I have my battle text
me a picture and you want to race
we're gonna race yeah what is this new
picture get your bike let's go did you
have yours on oh my gosh
nice let's see if he can do jobs I think
you actually start as this is for me to
say I think Gresham I know that's a cool
dude thanks for the invite yeah yeah I
almost took on home with me but then
alright guys we just got back to our
place and Dremel and Kane are asleep
we're gonna call it a night it's
actually 12:15 in the morning and
tomorrow is a huge freaking day
and we tell me amazing I love you guys
thanks well a lot of the support the
loyalty a great comment it will see you
tomorrow don't forget to smile more
ready to see it all right Wow your eyes
are amazing
