so I don't wanna have the camera on it's
always kind of fun the kids plan and
nobody is shooting me right now such
exciting our day is I think right now is
a good time to show you what it's like
in this house when the camera is off you
know what do you guys like when the
camera is off so I think there would be
a good time to show you so here it is
come on
you see that boy at Southfork it's clean
that's it keep scrubbing boy about 600
times let me chef is done by morning all
the way upstairs make sure this get all
the way upstairs
we got a conserve on slate
gotta be clean let's go
breakfast blog strawberries bananas eggs
and bacon just it so you're in can't ban
these guns it's cleaning day
Oh your room looks so I can walk in here
dude yeah how much did you have to pay
mommy to help you look at your Pettis
cars bits of all the same clothes so you
good okay
yeah oh do your bed looks so calm I
can't even see your bed anymore
looks like Noah's Ark with all them
animals on there let's check on the
other monster this upstairs is what
really needs done how you doing how you
doing about to bust open the Dyson
another secret dan you need some
training boy you help with anything load
anything do anything I get in shower
what the crazy thing is you're almost
already taller than this thing cute face
for your helping me give you $3 Wow okay
so since you're a little your guy starts
at 24 inches we just got to go up 24
from the floor 24 from the floor I'm
just gonna mark it I'm a real handyman
now did you guys know that yeah yeah see
it's the real deal I even opened my tape
measure today just for you guys so I
know most people probably arc this in
the pencil I'm just gonna poke a little
hole in it okay all right okay all right
little wrinkly that'll probably go away
with time uh-huh
you bought Max's bad boy out Noah the
pirate 56 inches okay okay come here
Cain
you are right above 39 right above 39
I'd say oh wow between 39 and 40 there
look you're that pole hmm all right
handyman out see you soon I'm gonna get
in the shower
hang on don't forget my little tape
measure
hey wampum huh yeah I'm an idiot guys I
think we have to officially give my
couples a name because I just I just
picked this gap right off this one
that's just waiting just been bleeding
for the last five minutes
kanan vlog blood coming down oh it looks
better though I'd be alright guys so
I've been giving this a lot of thought I
just think it's Sundays for now on
should just be shower Sunday's like
we're not gonna vlog we're not gonna do
anything but just have a shower that's
good yeah it's just gonna like I've
decided this for you and for everybody
watching that's nice that you've decided
I have your water though I think it is
the washer still running now I'm kidding
I'm just kidding there's not gonna
shower summers a stupidest thing I ever
seen why not well they don't come every
time nothing worse than not a shower is
so cold in here coldest room or house is
the bathroom there other than that what
are you guys doing where's your clothes
it's too hot I'm freezing I just got a
shower yeah she liked my shirt yeah hey
it's a piggy and a donut
so what can we do on this slightly rainy
day just been sprinkling all day I know
what the kids want to do I know what you
guys want to do it's obvious you want to
clean more you want to put on clothes
you want to eat out of the trash
you one of those
it's actually nice it's like one of
nicest rainy days not heavy rain just
sprinkling we're just hanging out as a
family man this is this is us right now
Brittany's cutting up she's making the
bomb dinner tonight
like I've been craving how many weeks
about then like hey you should make that
one dinner
I could never need a couple okay that's
fair that's fair
I'm just shredded chicken no not me
chocolate milk that's nice yeah oh look
at my clean babies just waiting to go
out and prowl the streets too bad it's a
rain fest out here it's like I got to
take the big dog Clifford
y'all so I'm going to do something I've
been neglecting things that I need to
get done but you know it's just not my
priority I never like excited to go get
my my fro busted you know I mean it's
like it's just here on my hand I don't
really care too much about it you know
you guys are looking at what my head
looks like when I don't stand it up
total trash you know
come on how many youtubers show
themselves just being themselves this is
me man this is me not giving a rip when
are we taking this thing out
yeah anybody know what this car is
anybody you know I'm gonna be honest I
don't know what kind of car this is 1940
Ford to diversity 1940 yep the motors
probably about Oh 375 horse 302 punch
down a little bit it's pretty man it
looks awesome runs like a black & decker
aquarium pump do the inside spotless
yeah I just made cheap door panels I'm
gonna redo the door panels I'm redoing
the - I'm actually gonna make a new
console for it did it looks great love
it I just got a it's like a mobster dude
I just want to like touch it to death so
I won't do a drive-by this thing needs
uh it needs that paint job you've been
talking about what color should we paint
this car he's still don't know what
color I say matte black black with like
a mobster car from here
I like the it's a like a gold green
metallic on the jeep wranglers oh yeah I
don't know oh I need to make cars like
this again dude thanks wait I'm a mess
today guys leave this leave this outfit
I don't even know why I look like this
where else can I go and get my hair cut
off and sip on a nice cold root beer
it's just root beer man and it's really
good your barber drinking too that's how
you know that cuts gonna be perfect
leave me a nice cut it's just a stinky
nasty nasty fest outside guys cold wet
rainy completely opposite in the last
couple days but I guess I guess we got
some good day so I'm not complaining at
all I can hang out inside with the kids
and Brit for the rest of the day and
yeah that's it got my hair cut finally
go home and do it I look like a goon
boom ball is this how we're watching TV
now well we got two different things
going on here what are you guys doing is
daddy gonna have to get out the
playground this is my playground right
here you want to play with it you're
gonna shoot with pleasure what's going
on here mom work like that
oh I know
I do Oh careful this will be here
everywhere oh all right looks like to
shower Sundays today so much hair all
over me hate this feeling so what's
really going on out here like what's
really happening but what are we all
drinking out of canes cups tonight
what is this goop it's um two cans cream
and chicken and then sour cream I'm just
gonna step up the plate and say this is
unbelievable and we haven't had it for
ever
it it it looks strange on camera it
looks like like a dessert so this is a
mixture of all kinds of things with
shredded chicken and cheese yeah Phil it
might as well and then you put it on the
tortillas put it in it and then you wrap
him up and then you bake them in the
oven right yeah but she's on top so
everyone's been working around the house
today and Noah's got his own method to
take the shoes from this door and put
them by the back door you gonna show
everybody yeah you gonna help him that's
just one pair at a time it's gonna take
forever
good okay come here
yeah grab your boots
spider-man goes left
okay turned off the camera
he's gonna get us run gained this way go
go go huh he's a man on a mission
corporate that's actually what it's like
on our house right what'd you do yeah
you shot him hit him like Hulk better
get his gun before he wakes up I'm gonna
be the first to say 10 out of 10 10 out
of 10 dinner were you think 10 hours nk9
apiece be on it I don't know if he's
feeling it
he's like the judge it's like 10 10 1 my
mommy's dinner you want we make it it's
not a visual dinner it's not a visual
dinner but it's a white chicken
enchilada basically that's what it is do
that concentration
any butter in that role oh oh happy
little girl oh that's what you get for
whipping her she's running around here
with this whip saying she's whiplash or
some like that huh get her cane get her
go get it get it it's just been pure
ugly today pure ugliness you'll see all
right okay all right we've worked a
little past dinner and straight into the
night it's a school night Sunday night
so we gotta we gotta play it safe for
school tomorrow
shut your stuff are you talking about
your blinds I can do that ready for
better what I'll slow it up I'm uh I'm
kind of in bed myself honestly I had a
fun day maybe give me a big bear hug
Bobby dude you're awesome actually
you're the most awesome
honey what are you doing okay Candace
Lee oh he's got a guard dog huh my baby
you want them all on yeah okay just push
the buttons all those are bright you can
sail the seas did oh okay see good
cuddle bugs hey give our man half uh all
right guys why uh little guy tries to go
to sleep we're gonna end this vlog and I
try to give you just a pretty raw vlog
today I mean we skip past dinner and
hung out with just the kids for a few
hours but other than that I tried to
just roll the camera and just I mean I
feel like when I do that it's a little
boring for you guys but it's awesome for
us in the future to have that footage of
just those little those little things
you know but that's it I love you guys
so much thanks for joining my family
every day and I got a question for you
you got a serious question for you today
and leave it in the comments what would
you do or say if tomorrow I never
uploaded again never upload it again
ever tell me in the comments how you
would feel
you know what would you say be real with
me
I love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
maybe ok smama
Wow yeah with that you don't even hear
it didn't hear it
