what's up guys what's up my friends up
your day is beautiful I got her out
today I got her out today she's been
sitting for a month and a half at least
and it's beautiful with sunny so I
thought why not let's go play let's go
play a little bit of course one of the
first things we got to do is get Gaston
this beast that just guzzles it man
those turbos two turbos in this thing
just sucks it right out I still can't
believe I have this car guys yeah never
never never give up
you know pulling this little gag store
and get something I got this Instagram
photo I'm working on but I need a
blow-up doll like I need a blow-up doll
for this photo so I figured this place
will probably have one people return
blow-up dolls we're returning to where
uh they can't you can't sell it here
sell 1980s
whoa unless it's a joke type thing you
know to me yeah of course
definitely yeah I want to spin yeah we
got it
$50 blow-up doll for 20 bucks because
they can't sell it because it's from the
1980s oh yeah oh yeah dude why can't I
ever be serious in life every day is
just a joke a blow-up doll
well I guess some people actually buy
these things for real hey do you think
you're going get back here making some
mean look at this guy's I know you
started but you didn't finish daddy's
got to come into your work yeah this
mean this is pork short wisdom patties
that I'm showing them patties assume you
got the vlog up from yesterday I'm
editing while I'm doing this I'm cooking
heating up this tortilla right now
ah ha look at this these are pork and
bacon patties later it's bacon and
sausage all mixed together put it in the
eggs with cheese I'm gonna put it in
this tortilla it's the best cover this
is my favorite friggin hot sauce it's so
good huh get that look you don't want
any more for me in a star you little
snuggle BOTS just got the full hugs
finally compressing I have to leave to
go get Noah from school so yeah
yesterday's vlog went up late big deal
we can do sue me
hey beautiful boy I love you what do you
plan bring out mom yo I'll be right back
ok are you my little hey are you my
little princess huh you're my princess
it's the best day of the week I go to
get Noah what was my favorite days and
we got all weekend to hang and have fun
and do cool stuff
yeah let's go get my boy
just me and you here dude got the house
to ourselves
wait how's this gonna play out stinks no
it couldn't come he wasn't out of school
yet I have to go back and get him later
why no it no it was still in school yeah
he couldn't I have to go back and get
him later
what are you wearing hey do you want to
go back to Noah's school and get in with
me come on let's go get him let's go get
know from school what do you want to
wear that okay yeah
there's no I think we actually tricked
you Kain choking him out I get this vlog
up not even up yet
we're all understanding here like I
don't know look
like these stupid jelly beans it tastes
like worms and gross stuff and I eat one
that tastes like puke
you want to try one you got that would
really make me sue won't eat poop
so I didn't vlog it but I just had to
like I don't know I mean I don't know if
it's the hairspray or what but back of
my head got so itchy like burning itchy
I just washed it all out so weird oh no
I'm telling you guys this actually
trying to go outside and play it's
unbelievably perfect out bright sunny
hot and help I showered today so our
pavement finally got finished the kids
are having a blast and then plan on this
like non-stop the best thing to do now
it's still discolored but apparently it
takes about a month for the concrete to
turn the same color this is from the
sealer they put sealer on it and it just
looks really weird right now but it's
nice the kids can ride their bikes and
have a little area we can put up a
basketball hoop basketball area hi so
much for doing my Instagram fish I
thought it was like a guy look at this
you can't put this in front of the kids
hopefully it starts it's literally been
sitting for before when our probably no
see you still got a baby you still got
it
you can turn it on oh yeah dude turn it
all the way nice there we go we got
water
go watch the car you're gonna help me
got my little day laborer here just
don't let the hose part touch the car
okay only the water you want to come out
take your shoes off and get all wet
Caine's outfit is pretty awesome well it
went from cleaning the car to the kids
playing with the hose shirt and then
that was gonna happen
looks a lot nicer now I want to watch
all the cars all right the kids have
officially hijacked the hose I can't
even get it out of their hands they're
having so much fun cane is soaked head
to toe within minutes oh I'm gonna let
them play and try to do salt with this
jacked-up mop and then we're gonna head
to my brothers we're gonna go hang out
with them I mom and dad you guys know
how we do it family night any chance we
get family night
family comes first guys
what are you doing what are you doing
what you got nothin what is that you
guys doing um what is it and why did you
bring it in here why didn't you just do
it in the bathroom you found it
I'm trying to cover up this monster on
the forehead
look I'm not ashamed of it you can show
tell them they've loved one little dot
you can't even see it well you can still
see it but Lisa's 3d vlogging it's like
a horse show are you done with my makeup
yeah thank you
yeah why you should why you ratting me
out in front of all these viewers I had
to tell Noah you ready go to uncle
Dale's yeah and play with the kids I'll
swim with the sharks you want to swim
with the sharks are you sure come on
let's one with the Sharks one they want
bad you want feed oh yeah Oh
but they're ready to eat you know a
pretty big pinch oh god oh look at them
sharks tell me how many new oh you put
it on the top I see you
hey hey Dale
I sure did okay here
set your your vlog repellent finally
made it over Dale's and they have made
what's this thing called
that's freeze-dried meat well you
freeze-dried a lot of things but look at
this that's a chicken patty that's a
pork tenderloin pork chop basically look
that's bloody against me which doesn't
weigh not even an ounce
no huh well that weight 5 pounds for its
fake ok so try it Brett come on chicken
it's pork this is grilled chicken off of
the grill force it in her mouth mom push
it in there taste it I don't get this
now go slow oh you get freeze-drying a
bad name ok it's exactly like pork chop
but is dry as chompy's dicken I just did
all that with the beef and notes we are
flavors when the moisture gets into it
alright hold on it's pulling on you're
ready for the dessert now we have
bananas and strawberries and ice cream
there's no bananas there was not stupid
let me see
so this is an ice-cream bar right yeah
please drive you put it in the freezer
and then it turns into oh my god so easy
to eat is it disqualified our ice-cream
sandwich
here we go how how look the flavors stay
in it you only lose 2% of its vitamins
when you freeze dry instead of 40 to 60
dry
boy I hope your bachelor oh hey boss I
don't like oh man I'm glowing mmm that's
good
it's really good did you taste the
strawberry yeah I didn't like the
strawberries here let me have strawberry
I would have more darkness to me I'm
really boiled in the Lambs Babylon I
could eat that whole bag you're super
cute him up like there got a minute now
we go awesome this did I shoulda got the
Ottoman you're right it turns into an
island of pillows and blankie oh that's
cool dude would you make what is this
the police car we are kind of warping
into the night a little bit I did oh I
just put Noah to bed he told me to tell
you he loves you too what we're doing is
wrong but it's supposed to be one of the
nicest days yet this year in Ohio in
Columbus so we got to get into something
I can't yes sit around the house another
day we're gonna do camp maybe we're
gonna sail the ship down the river yeah
we have the worst bedspread look at this
gray blue white that's actually Woody
and Buzz oh my gosh really don't worry
buddy laid out with me I feel like
today's vlog is so weird and just yeah
oh I feel like I'm doing I'm off today
a I really do I feel like it's an off
day I don't know what I filmed I don't
really remember it's just like I just
picked up the camera whenever I'll get
on track tomorrow it was me good anyway
guys this is this is our night right
here we're gonna call it a night
kids are passing out canes prior not
even sleep yeah but we're honestly those
video games got me last night ruined my
day
I started a stupid new show while you're
playing video games we love you guys we
will start really fresh tomorrow and
I'll try to do a a super blog where I
just really felt everything so super
vlog super block super vlog I love you
guys thanks for all the love and support
we'll see you tomorrow does your nails
okay what's up man I see you guys
circling around my office
