like this oh you ready for some steak
you don't eat steak why do kids hate
good food I bet if I was a candy bar on
the grill you'd eat it
do you want to eat a candy bar candy bar
dude what's up guys how are you hope
your days awesome I'm just playing with
my little Batman sweeper kick Oh your
kid came off super dad I'll fix it
no you bye oh I'm Batman I forgot so
what's up guys hope you're having an
awesome day we are just goofing off
playing around a little bit
I'm not being productive anything
productive but we're having fun and I
was just kind of starting our day out
nothing like waking up to a new eye on
my forehead Oh way that you see it you
see it
I hate me at 15 all right Batman I need
your help okay you're gonna help me we
got to carry all this mail into the
truck
you're gonna help okay this place is
trashed yo orders are going out guys
we'll keep it up look at there's 13
buckets today uh we're moving and we're
moving we're gonna back this truck up
right now load everything up together
the post office and ephah
the late the post office we're gonna get
flowers for she's on vacation this week
so it's just Mike there so we're not
getting flowers today but we're gonna do
it we're gonna make a big surprise that
is the flower I'm gonna do like flowers
you know me go thanks dude
yeah you got it that's what I call
family business but we're gonna go out
to do the same friggin thing we always
do and that's good at grocery stores
she's sick you're always going the
grocery store your bat woman yeah I
thought you were bad man oh I'm just so
happy we got all this mail to get out
we're gonna make some people really
happy can baby oh okay you got this baby
yeah you got this backup job oh boy Oh
mom so nervous were you what you like a
mile from the door well there's that
thing there what are you supposed to go
beside it don't you watch the blogs when
I come here all myself there it's fine
I'll put it this bucket come on muscles
oh yeah look all those happy people
right there Oh teamwork makes the dream
work
oh you got so many and it's random case
of water see Kate in there can't see
nothing that glasses other yeah that
glass is so black it looks like a mirror
yeah baby ha it's kind of hot watching
you push up good hey nice you show up
for visits uh just ran in the day off
the same post office good you guys are
crazy late buckets and buckets of fan
mail just everyday well it's not the
nicest of days but that's why what to
this yes I know
so how's your uh how's your uh hips feel
I would run that whole priest over I
know
sometimes I'm in this track I'm like
lucky he's purposely stopped like so far
away
let me anyways go to the grocery store
right now you still awake yeah Batman so
you're telling me there's some how
you've talked me and Kane to go on in
that grocery store by ourselves so you
can go tanning that is some whack out BS
right there all right
you're only ten minutes right yeah that
funny that's like our truck Clifford
it's like it's just me and you want to
get in the fun car race car
this this your Batmobile let me get out
of here don't love nobody over Brittany
has been doing the grocery shopping for
so long that I've honestly forgotten how
to do it okay where's mommy usually go
yeah of course you would see that
sitting right there you didn't say one
thing when we pass the fruits and
vegetables vegetable thank you got
doughnuts yeah getting any fruits and
vegetables well we were going to I'd
hold of it to get what happened you
couldn't go tanning
wait here's like 10 not like 10 Isaac
four or five people sitting down and
they're like time checks on she's like
you have to sit down and wait like 15
minutes I haven't another employee come
in and like I'll just come back another
day that's right you get cancer later
hain it's spongebob in here doesn't he
live in that I get some bananas
that's one chocolate-chip cookie
while I could eat
and believe you're just going to put it
back like that so me
so mommy let's go what of it my girl
easy you're still little be honest be
honest with me is this bad
what what I don't think they oh my gosh
something bad it's different when you
have a few let's definitely have a few
but when you only have one it's like the
stands well could you not find my makeup
this morning no I would worry I would I
put makeup on before your eyes on that
line I'm gonna hide it from you guys
I could OD on cheese I could eat I would
eat this whole block easily I would just
sit there and cut that up nobody likes
this aisle more than me I just it's my
time to shine you know walk around fine
what I want cereals my weakness and
probably a lot of you guys it's - it's
real so good this stuff Oh
I can spend 45 minutes just deciding on
this stuff like you want this game okay
there's one what I would have been more
than happy to not I love when fans spot
us but they're too shy to come out and
say hi you're holding up the line
did you purposely put bananas and
watermelons in my heart she just walked
up put bananas and watermelon in my
heart don't leave on one macro Karen hi
nice to meet you can tell she does your
nails okay what's up man I see you guys
circling around like artists come on
Andale why you guys got me shy huh dude
give me a hug you know what what up dude
so gonna be in the vlog yes nice to meet
you bro nice to meet you guys how you
doing man not a nice day to be outside
huh yeah oh the funnest part is putting
them away which I never done thank you
for that we have a role in this house I
carry it she packs it that's good I like
your new kicks that's $35 ever come on
she's got the Dales house cuz the girls
are doing yoga how come you don't go do
yoga with him me are still stretching
out the hamstring from last time yeah
Lily straighten it delicious salad
that's like doing yoga that's what my
dressing out there it's Lego time one of
my favorite toys in the whole world how
about you you love Legos I know you do
you guys have built some cool stuff all
right we walk back to my house play some
video games or something
it's gone you guys are still you guys
are still doing your thing backflips is
that booty games at night I want to do
here tonight what's up did I came to
spend the night play video games man
there's I love you 15 yeah sleep oh I
know is that oh is that kool-aid she
brings eyelid go ahead bill afford it oh
my you're red beefy turkey man I just
got a bag of beef jerky not good why is
that really good Uncle Mike because King
I don't know that doesn't look like this
one of those beer sweaters beer sweaters
oh this but this is the real deal this
keeps it cold not you guys yeah yeah
deal with your mere problem he's
probably though I'm gonna fire up those
soaking wet
barbecue there we go Cain he want some
steak No
okay have fun like this oh you ready for
some steak you don't eat steak why do
kids hate good food I bet if I was a
candy bar on the grill you need it you
want to eat a candy bar candy bar yeah
it's not smart it's smart
come on Diaz how's the steak come on
tell my viewers that I did a good job
it's not bad you smothered it with all
this seasoning come on I'm trying to
prove that I'm a good cook uh yeah yeah
yeah whatever I know I'm not that good
pretty good are you guys really gonna
play this yeah oh my gosh
you like beer though not like why don't
you do it with water we are uh we are
hooking up some Call of Duty right now
playing multiplayer online finishing
room eatin like a pig
I got a pineapple today which I learned
when I was in Hawaii and it takes two
years to know this work of art say that
I'll never waste the panel oh yeah my
two years wait what is it Conrad just
ducked out in it smell these are these
are jelly beans it tastes hair I can do
it I can do it wait what are they the
hairy so this tastes like vomit it's so
gross you gotta eat them oh here's so
that would really make me sue
that one's soap yeah do it so far
they've all been really accurate yeah
tastes like you bit into a bar soap that
is crazy man I hate these things so on
why they make candy like this
yell that vomit was terrible hi hey guys
I hate to do this start the vlog the
next day but I I lost it last night man
I started playing video games with Todd
and my brother and before I knew it it
was the end of it was like three easily
three in the morning and I just crashed
I'm just gonna wrap this vlog up right
now here and tomorrow's vlog will start
off right here so I'll be like
continuation I love you guys thanks for
uh thanks for watching always showing
your love and support you can see you
tomorrow don't forget how freaking
awesome you keep a big smiley face today
