what's up guys welcome to the vlog
starting off very interesting morning
countries I haven't collected quite the
night last night yeah you want to go in
there with me do you want to go check it
out baby baby had to move rooms last
night what was the biggest rat came up
by my bed like New York rat it was huge
it was huge it was so big sure what a
cat - chase I'm sorry I'm chilled when
an opponent was country that's the most
craziest thing I've ever seen he saw it
got the video I think it was that what
you sure it wasn't your stuffed animal
you always bring wanna go to the road
we're gonna really go check it probably
still there a little kitty cat a little
kitty tail wait this is under the bed
this is oh I see his tail
yeah all right beautiful girls I will be
back I love love love you have fun today
you're gonna have an epic time see very
soon
always always be oh I love you guys
yeah we'll see this thing you think it
got out just go see let's go see it oh
my you slept in a different room last
night my throat inspectors dead it ain't
nothing under there dude he's a goner
you gonna find a new room
alright we're on the move enough all
right you sure they weren't just filming
ratatouille that movie in there last
night but you're making a little skit
country having night but I think you
dreaming it I think get phone that video
on your phones digital chase was there
you speak to chase when you get back you
hear his story
you've seen the video
not a good thing to probably coming to
your room to see it's why we've been
calling country sharkbait to me ham
right there you will hold a shark
country what do you think I wanted to
get you Dodd license true a guy holding
a shark legs - all right there trees are
still here I love these trees and these
are the prettiest trees unbelievable a
panda knows palm that's it now we just
got to Photoshop water in between all
this can somebody Photoshop that for me
look at me country cottage art whoa
so today is extra special because we've
been common we've been dying me my
brother and my dad have been diving for
it seems like forever but my mother has
finally this year become certified and I
get to go with olive and she will be
diving with us for the very first time
ever yeah I'm so excited this is some of
the things you'll be seeing right here
that's you right there I'll be crawling
out top your dad's back
today is Captain's Choice - we don't
know where we're diving probably the
shallow reefs today but we always once a
year we always do the shark dive which
you guys can look up on this channel
crazy shark diving is one of my favorite
things in the entire Pole on it there's
that picture country we just saw right
there sit you going full full full suit
I'm on fall yeah yeah two dives two
right all right I love it
let's go swimming how you feeling sea
dog how you feeling man so I just
sprayed the this shark spray right away
from me I'm super confident right now
the Sharks are gonna stay away from me
oh great so this little backstory you're
gonna get talked into doing a lot of
things on camera and scuba diving
happens to be one of them so you just
did all his classes and he's getting
certified tomorrow
how awesome huh that's awesome Mike's
gonna help you up super pump the moves
man so amazing about it shark bait
so scuba diving is one of our you know
something we get to do as a family so
it's always super fun to be underwater
inside it's one of the most relaxing
things to do too because there is no
communication there is no cellphones
there's no internet there's no social
media at the bottom of the ocean with
what your mouse cooked up with the
Internet I do
yeah I'll still be online we'll go out
I'll still be doing YouTube but Google
Goggles you have a video or picture
contest
object whatever maybe whatever hell is
you heal every year we do this trips
Dale always saves the blog's with his
footage if something goes wrong with
mine or worries you always get the
thumbnail for me because you're filming
me and doing something so we have a
great time together I am diving with a
housing on my GoPro so there'll be no
audio so we're just gonna go from here
to the water so let's have some fun
let's dive and let's see some beautiful
stuff it's another planet under there
all right dive one complete mom how's
your shark encounters do you know what
I'm not really that like I'm gonna go
this way I don't for years never seen a
shark country gets in first time of his
life shark shark shark bait and they
became four that's right there was a big
shark big big but it was big big enough
we get to do two tanks today just
finished our first takes about 45
minutes underwater now we're going our
second location and having another dive
pronounced just hanging out fun in the
Sun blue waters I mean blue water sash
shot was my best shot I did the lionfish
and I went through some foils and
swimming through it so I was like
sabotage bub and I got in the water I
dropped my GoPro to the bottom 65 feet
delwyn got it there's footage of it I
might be the best shot
what's your preparing for we're going to
shark Junction oh all right your mama
ain't gonna last line of defense
getting ready for diving right away you
can see sharks literally swimming at the
bottom of the ocean yeah that's not a
shark mom they're cuddly dolphins and
they had their vents surgically moved
the shark bait is here no they've been
waiting for you country a country I want
you to have my knife man I need I think
you're gonna need it this trip look at
this guy down here look at this shark
although at the bottom the water so
clear you can see the bottom there's
another one right here this makes me
excited it's right there look at that
monster I will personally throw you oh
yeah it does seem to be waiting around
the boat you don't care about the Sharks
George he's the shark whisperer be gone
short talk to him country say go I'm
gonna throw some Jolly Ranchers forget
about me inside I'm gonna be talking
here we got one two three four human
there goes day off there five that's
just one side of the boat I'm ready
it is bog for unexplainably awesome dude
that is the greatest I know I can't like
it took me like a half hour to get out
of the water get off the boat and just
comprehend what I've just seen and did
it's just breathtaking dude with large
fish is difficult like you don't get to
swim near large fish Dale shoots his
airing gun Aaron goes buying a sharks go
kill one of the Sharks hit my GoPro you
can see it now it's nutty this air gun
needs like a harpoon Gatling gun around
you just start spearing them off so the
Sharks were so chilled they'll shoots
that ring and the Sharks just freakin
Wow okay so you guys probably saw this
for a split moment in the scuba section
of this blog Dale has a gun that hooks
to a scuba tank and shoots beautiful
giant earrings through the water like
amazingly this thing on if you can see
it from there oh that is awesome that's
a lot of gear I check this thing out oh
it's acting weird there we go shoots
earrings
boom boom there you go there's so much
more that's pretty neat that's pretty
cool haha sounds cook will happen out
there explain with those sharks you did
it I'm proud of you I came up and that
char looked at me and said yo my shirt
my shirt went boom right into my camera
I would I probably would have faded
underwater this one like this and
floated up
that is crazy scuba for today and it's
back to the family see what everyone's
getting into today look what I just
found four in that little shop check
this out we found this little swimmy
onesie look at that oh you're gonna look
so good in that new coral lacuna ruff
the butt oh boy rat hunters tonight on
rat hunters doing to turn you serious he
just called me he's like you got to give
us the ball look at the candy that thing
is going to I never even put the kid ate
all your candy know that well yeah look
at the two marks Roman he didn't even
make it is he in there right now
dude I opened up their drawer just watch
it cuz it make frickin run right out yo
they got your Jolly Rancher he got your
Jolly Ranchers right did you see the
mouse the rat yeah the kid has seen it
he's in the drawer if we move this I
wouldn't be surprising come see you see
you want to open up the next one power
bet he's like he's so big how's he
hiding there's mouse on you ever seen a
movie he got your candy dude look at the
null marks
there's the dude he's having a hit is
that an Advil an Advil remember I told
you my dad ville my advils we took
100%
he's under the bed right now you just
need a hundred percent song yo he just
bolted he was in that second drawer bro
where'd he go a thousand percent did you
get him I don't think huh he's in here
he is in here right now yeah back up
pick up
what candy is that look when he went
into the only Mike man there right now
be in your bag dude yeah he comes out of
his bag right now I'm gonna die no he's
up under this bed he's up under this bed
it needs to go look just like what the
hell is this community xx took it from
here and brought it over there 100% he
just went under this bed huh even Evie
juice dude I want to turn my camera off
now oh no where'd he go can't make it up
you can't make this up though he's
joking with me for a while but I
physically modernizer saw him running
across the rooms big thirties big E's in
this room right now hundred percent he's
probably under this bed or something one
minute we're gonna move this stuff out
I'm gonna flip this bed upside down I
guarantee you that thing is gonna run up
you're gonna go out this door he's
probably in your living room now dude
he's under there I bet look look dead
he's living on I bet he's been sleeping
with you dude you've been stealing your
cam even taking your bed well I mean it
sounds crazy you living with a pet right
I told you now you see boys harmless
mason size of it yeah
Oh underneath you see it on you see any
that bottom moving bet he's up in there
do you know but he's literally up in
this box spring he's got to be dude he's
a slick one he's a slick one we're never
gonna see him Jose I told Roman I had
this rat and I showed him the video of
my fault
he's seen it underneath it oh I saw it
this morning I came in he gave me for
after I said Roman I put it right there
by the table I said my Abdo was gone the
rat took my hat he looked at me like
come on cut you you serious advil draw
has all my candy to be transporting it
he's been since my bad his book bag to
the drawer II was smart man he's like
she's got this down
he's like nobody ever sees me I love
this place this place is a dead gone
happiness maker man it it's just Sun and
that water does something to me it does
something to me it heals me you remember
what face look like when I got here
what's the first vlog when I got here
now look it's better look at I got that
looks fun Wow catching up with the
family they are down here eating and
playing and I'm just gonna roll up see
what everybody's doing hang out have
some fun but she's super hungry she'll
feed herself yeah I know look good job
baby girl can't even see you hi Cora
I know gosh I pulled this motor up every
all the girls away
I guess it was a home run she's sleepy
what's up tropical mango eating man
number two guys having fun today
what hi cane you're number one and he's
number one I don't even know this good
so regroup with the family I think we're
gonna take out they got these big both
bikes that you basically pedal and you
ride out in the ocean you guys want to
do that after we eat a little bit yeah
yeah can I drag you guys from the back
like we did before
you guys ready come on let's go up in
who's driving
we're both driving all right let's go
climb up we taking the boats taking the
bikes the bike boats this is kind of
bike to make sense for us like our kind
of like we were pulling the kids in the
back what could turn into that quickly I
might need some help
waking it up back it up back it up back
it up you know I think we got to go
forward to go backwards Oh
push push down uncle Dale we need you
here we go boys let's take her out to
sea say thanks Dale
we're still on the sand huh we're about
to I kind of want to drag you guys after
we okay you want to forward you steer
can you steer we drive using my blog
camera which is not waterproof and all
my shark photos will be destroyed guys
don't look back don't look back
there's a strange kid hanging on to our
box I know you hanging on it looks like
there's an intruder on our beach aim for
them victory will be ours this Beach is
not big enough for two of us we must
take them down times and dance
cue the Battleship music turn
the water is so clear they're running
they're scared we've got them on the run
but yeah too much weight we need to lose
some weight
you gotta be a hanger a stage a stage
three hanger he's got the whistle yeah
all right you can touch there you go hop
on the back little maggot
Conrad's just cruising by his personal
canoe it's the Gilroy's I knew it I knew
it
take them out okay we are wrapped up at
the beach Brittany's taking some
painting classes with my pops here we
just copy what he does that the goal
it's almost trial painting here for I
love it show you guys the final results
tomorrow we're hanging out here we're
gonna wrap this vid we kind of worked
into Cora Cara she refuses to look at me
oh I see you future Cora great job
diving today mama that was absolutely
amazing super proud of you it was truly
was a shark to do it you did amazing so
proud we are we're gonna say goodnight
now to you guys thank you so much for
all the support Cora's like I'm gonna
end this vlog for you I'm gonna do it
for you that's getting aggressive back
here paint in this blog we love you guys
truly so so much thanks for being here
part of our trucks part of our family
everything we will see it tomorrow for
vlog 18 in a row today that's like a new
record lately so thank you guys for
being here you are beautiful you are
beautiful you are
you
