beautiful beautiful day what's up my
friends I hope you're feeling awesome
it's a yeah it is it's a beautiful day
sunny is Fric my man how he's invited me
into his place this morning so I'm
headed there now
Britany a camera still asleep and we're
just starting the day off it's early
it's beautiful and great we've got to
stop real quick for some breakfast you
know you got to eat good you got to eat
right that's what makes you feel good
that's what I'm talking about right here
mmm tough decision alright guys you got
it you got to eat better than me today
I'm just like in desperate mode freaking
cheese coffee cake and cold coffee it's
like terrible's the worst thing she's
not she's not gonna dance
is she a dancer but you can dance nobody
just for good dancers I used to can you
show us what you used to do at that time
Oh Frontline no I can't do this you
can't do it that's for the vlog I
thought you promised me you were gonna
have the best dancers here that's why I
came today the vlog
oh I think everyone would love that
did you ever see Deal or No Deal of
course the actual that's one of the
actual cases yes ma'am
nice Bobby's world alright most of my
viewers don't you guys know what Bobby's
world is probably not I remember Bobby's
well I think the most memorable is just
the intro on the bike like that is a
song that's what yes to me in my head
get the how he's placing he's got a
little less posters of himself than I do
at my office I don't know I this is cool
though this is this is inspiring to me
honestly
I don't I don't like the guy just want
to play low-key yeah it's not about me
it's definitely not I'm you know who who
hung this stuff up not you
I need more pictures
sorry for the lack of content on my
other YouTube channel but you know I'm
working on a lot of big things a lot of
great things coming this year next year
and the only thing I can promise you is
that I will bring you along and fill you
in as soon as I have more info I always
do so it's gonna be a fun ride over the
next two years and I want to keep these
vlogs that focus hard on making this a
fun reality
we all get to experience so I am on my
way back right now I pick up Brittany
and Kane we are gonna do a big shoot
today for a video that's going up this
weekend and it's gonna be a blast I
can't wait to bring you guys along
should be it should be interesting
we're getting ready to go Kane's doing
his hair
one thing Kane hates he love us he loves
his hair like this but he hates the
hairspray because it feels awful doesn't
it are you ready let's do it come on so
we have just worked over to the wardrobe
department and what was your name again
command I'm so sorry she's hooking us up
with our attire for the day this is a
really cool place I love it already
I'm probably the only guy here doesn't
know how to tie it's high in this whole
building
yeah Kane Kane probably does actually
Britney's in a frickin wedding dress I
don't know what to think
so this is it see Bart was really smart
having us here as a married couple
because I know that there's a lot of
people waiting for that day so good on
this part oh my gosh it's so big the
beauty of filaments that you can you can
fake it and you can tighten it all and
you won't even be able to see it that's
that's legit right you like it thanks
dude I'm coming together certain look
like a real boy my pants are huge but a
man just got to fix it so what's going
on here
Wow that's all right there's like one
minute you're already look totally
different
really yeah did you ever think this day
would come honey um
what do you mean being in Beart baker's
parody being in a parody video or being
in a white dress I don't know how do you
feel about this like how do you feel
about me see me looks good it does kind
of makes me kind of excited because you
look this good and a dress that doesn't
even fit you imagine a dress that fits
you and then imagine you can actually
wear this right yeah so then this is
next and this is what you're gonna be in
and he's gonna literally blow you away I
won't be in a Robocop video you're gonna
be in a Robocop video when you see my
costume it's pretty much just always the
same thing me getting shocky
I'm gonna be dead you're gonna say some
stuff first though then you're gonna
explode into like Auto 9 that adds a
conscience did you get all the cool toys
man this works we love them when you
guys hang out in here make this your
green room and I have some toys you want
to play with them oh this looks like
we're having a real wedding oh yes
no Adam Levine everybody I'm mindless
BAM you just everywhere every video
almost I do if there's an angry person
or someone who's supposed to be able to
play an instrument yeah you're
everywhere and there's Sam it's toilet
bowl cleaner so we just finished the
first scene and Kane's been so good he
has been just rocking it out by himself
with his iPad and see candy Britney this
looks so funny shit lamps all over bet
sorry guys we had to do it that's the
ultimate cane we've been silly this is
the ultimate trol vlog today with this
wedding stuff is yeah so we're doing a
scene now where glass explodes and
pieces of glass goes into our skin
we're going to be all bloody and glassy
I guess that's what you call it I don't
know is this is this common work for you
to put glass in people's face similar
screws yeah
Frankenstein type stuff what is that
stuff oh this is
what's its name very degree thank you
can save silicon oh two-part mix mix it
together it creates something magical
stays my face peel it off and you have
this beard uh I guess we'll see huh
what can you been so good just hanging
out with us all day I didn't think this
would be possible artist so it's my turn
to get some glass in my face that's
amazing how quickly he just sticks
actual glass to my face I know it's just
so we took it's the blood on that it's
gonna look sick get my first coat on oh
that's looking so good Wow good job guys
it's like you fell into the dishwasher
you approved you think it looks good you
look amazing
foods come in and we have to leave it
turns out it's not bad at all
not even bleeding we just finished up
the shoe and Sam macaroni has a little
treat for you guys I've been wanting to
see this thing all day
so what are these these are blank firing
guns
so the real blank got the real gun shoot
twice for movies right and this is 8
millimeter and this is the 9 millimeter
blank firing news I can't wait so so
nothing's actually gonna come out
they're just blanks warned these guys I
think this still has another round yeah
great fire oh my god how do I get one of
these
wait okay action
the screaming is my main ice we just
wrapped on the parody with bar dude
where do they find out where I poke
where is where where and when will they
see this this is gonna be up tomorrow on
my channel youtube.com slash Bart Baker
and all hell breaks loose it's a hell in
the video you're not gonna want to miss
it 69 so check it out guys I'm really
excited Britney and I got to do this
together like kind of a group thing it's
Kwan and Caine hung out with us the
whole time
thanks for having us bro thanks super
fun yeah links in the description box
how do you know how do you know it's up
to me out of there we had a great day
we're starving we couldn't resist we're
gonna go home and you saw the Sun and
we're like we're gone we're getting
chicken they don't have this for last
time you run out actually Casey when we
went to the big surgery
King was really really good today
I can't believe you hung out all day
with us on that set that's really cool
all right guys just got back home we're
exhausted actually really tired today
I'm sorry I don't want to sound like a
complainer but I'm beat and I'm gonna do
this giveaway because I promised you
yesterday I would it's a fun painting if
you saw yesterday's vlog Cain and
Britney made this themselves and I
promised you that I would give it away
in this vlog and I'm doing at the end
because I know you guys are the ones
that really want it we're gonna give
your painting away buddy
yeah no nevermind giveaways over alright
guys so this is how it's gonna work I'm
gonna do the old fashioned scroll game
where I scroll Scroll scroll through
YouTube and wherever the cursor lands
exactly on the name that's the winner of
course it's gotta be a good comment not
negative comment so we have a good
comment today if I land on it it's yours
Olsen anywhere in the world name you
know I'm broma kiss say bye say bye
do you rock my little world in hi Brett
bye I'm leaving
just kidding bye guys we love you thanks
for all the love and support we'll see
you tomorrow
smile more okay you can handle that do
you think that's big enough
that's huge hey are you ready yeah you
got some fun today
