listen it's the weekend I need you to do
something for me I need you to do
something for me I need you to do some
productive get up make this weekend
count and like do it do some I know
there's something that you've been
wanting to do but you've been too lazy
to do it you won't get up you want to
play video games you rather watch a
movie rather sit around because that's
easier
it's way comfier but no guys come on do
it this weekend whatever it is go do it
I promise you you're gonna feel good
about you'll be rewarded you're gonna be
damned I'm glad I did that that's what
you're gonna be so do it come on baby
tardy you
time to fill Clippard up the big red
truck is empty
it's Ani baby I think that when you get
gas there should be two options one is
one of the options is you just pay for
your gas like that's normal you pay for
you guys the second one I think the oil
company should walk out of the gas
station and get to punch you as hard as
they want in the face I think that those
are two good options that I think we
should consider it is funny though every
time I bring up gas prices no matter
what like it could be five dollars a
gallon here and still people around the
world and around the country would would
be like what you've got it's too easy
it's only five dollars a gallon here
it's it's a hundred thousand dollars ago
you know it's like dude gas prices suck
everywhere you know we got to have its
commodity it's like shoes you gotta wear
it's like batteries in a flashlight yeah
I mean you have to have them guys I'm
vet I'm like venting to you guys today
I'm ranting for no reason copy I'm in a
good mood I don't know what it is
welcome my friday guys all right guys
I'm right back out man no stopping today
I got a key post away I'll keep working
that's all alive let me explain
something to you this is the thing that
most bloggers won't show you from the
last clip where I was laying on the
floor with King I've already taken a nap
for an hour and a half I slept for an
hour now I took a shower
got all clean I got dressed I ate a
little bit and now I'm in the car to go
get no I was charged my clock over the
whole tired and charged it yesterday so
I plugged it in and did all that and now
it's ready to go
but yeah so there was already like two
hours from the last clip to this clip
probably not interested
just how vlogs work you can skip time
without you ever annoying
I'm sorry guys I get I just get wired
when I go to get my kid man now I get
Noah today I'm so pumped like my
favorite day of the week every time I go
to get Noah it's my favorite day so I'm
picking him up right now from school
believe it yeah how's school man forget
some food it's tonight and I are
stopping to get one of my favorites
Chinese and Noah loves the vegetable
fried rice
he loves this kid eats onions like raw
onions loves it I know you have a
different taste man but we're sitting
there talking about the game video we're
gonna make maybe what they should we do
it I don't know we got all weekend
tomorrow could be a good day oh we got
Brittany's dad's birthday no they're
coming to our house and pull an
all-nighter Wow I got it I got to be a
dad what are you doing cheese it brains
so we're back home we know has been
saving up he's got like all these iTunes
gift cards for from Christmas from his
birthday he's got like a stack of money
he's finally putting them in his iPod
Britney's showing him how to do that I
just vlog up from yesterday Katie's
playing video games and we were actually
heading to my brother's house because I
told you guys we're taking a giant
family vacation so we're actually
looking at spots and places that we can
book the trip for
everybody's occupied everyone's busy
it's just me guys you know I guys work
back over to my brothers and Jess has
promised her pretzels wait are these
different ones so you're going harder
and new instead of easy and we all level
Noah Noah ploughed up tons of money on
his iPod Vols defaults so now he's an
iPod land do the same I missed you this
week I'm just kidding play your advert
play up hey Superman oh you killed me is
this thing work does this work doo doo
doo you got a is that is that a pickaxe
what are you guys doing what all right
what do you got a chainsaw what are you
guys doing out here
it's dangerous look at all the wings
what is this oh yeah of course
Dale makes cane of peanut butter and
jelly with extra strawberry jam reverse
psychology it always works you tell them
that I ought to do it and then they kill
it
how is it smell good food blog lots of
wings and
oh all right do any of you guys eat
freakin pizzas matches we eat this this
is great nobody eats like this this is
so bad we have to start a pizza company
in our house so that we don't pay for it
some are more people spot want pizza
Oh incredible vegetables they're in
veggie land all right so my brother and
my dad are extremely modest and they
probably won't do it but I'm gonna go
see if they'll do it for you I'm just
you can go you think I'll do it my god
my dad's like honestly one of the best
guitar players in the world to me buddy
always just like no no I can't play and
then my brother's you'll never ask me to
play the drums again once you hear him
I'm gonna go see if I can get him to
play for the vlog we'll see we'll see
let's do let's do
I know you're modest but you got to give
me a good minute man what do you want
30 seconds solo solo
my dad
yeah and that's that's a solo that you
created since I was a kid I've been
hearing that I've been playing you've
been with this growing and growing it
used to be about ten seconds long
yeah now yeah you just saw you saw 10%
of it I just keep badnik up every year
pretty soon it winds up long enough to
play let's go and you can never read no
music no I don't remove it you can never
remove the statement out original he's
like a Whistler you know you note a
minute you know you can whistle like
anything in here he does that with the
guitar you can hear hey your turn you'll
never ask for me to play the drums ever
again
I don't know what to say
come on guys let's go home come on let's
go home huh
you won't go to bed all right come on
let's go home
wriggle home stay here all right here
I'll pick you up in a month or two yeah
we got a nice tent you can put up in all
right out there sleeping at a big bar we
got to do a camping down by the river
no it's handsome the woods you have to
start fire with sticks Wow one match
that but a serious camping night
we're back it feels good to be here it's
so late all right so I don't know what
happened to today man
literally blink of an eye that's what it
feels like I feel like I just woke up
and now you're here in bed
got late fast man it's 11:30 p.m. we're
gonna trip to a gaming video for you
guys tomorrow and test it out see how it
goes I don't know if we just put it in
the vlog or just upload on a new channel
I don't know that's a lot to do you want
to meet
lovey dude slobbery mm-hmm you're the
best you know the kids retired when Kane
walks into his room by himself in Falls
instantly asleep he is out
that's probably happened like once ever
with Kane what are you doing it's just
Kings
this is Kane's bathtub King where's the
Swami takes it back and he hammers like
around its protect my protection when
you're hammering he learned that from oh
so you're taking a bath you're taking
about we avarice we chose this is PG
show we are looking for did you get that
can't that candle the one that we just
got from the Raiders right yeah so does
give me back that again nice nice nice
yeah but I can't even stress enough how
hard it is for us to get a long time
anymore
with the kids and everything that we do
and the editing these plot the vlogs
take up you know a lot of time I mean
Joe
there's a serious art to making bubbles
another since I'm here it's all about
the wrist flick
generally
I'm just like a man spotted mobiles I
know
cool
no more muscle until no more
laughs I'm chill we got the lights off
it's art you can't get into bed so
unhappy Oh
all right guys I don't want to cut this
off but this is like our time I've
already said too much
I'm swaggin it out a little bit I've
already asleep I've taken two naps with
you
we love you guys thanks for all the love
and support and by the way I am wearing
a bathing suit I would show you yeah
that takes the fun away
I am I are aren't I you only wear
speedos yeah but do you think I want to
risk you guys my speed early you always
show me a speedo that's my birthday
speedo all right guys last thing before
we go Brittany no I want to try a dare
video where you guys dare us so you
leave in the comments all the dares you
can think of and so on should be normal
there it's like anybody can do it
and then some should be a little more
extreme and more extreme until you know
the dares are crazy just leave your
dares they can be simple like chug okay
that's just an example that's too simple
okay no no I'm saying you're trying to
get me gasoline would be hard oh my god
see now Yamamoto sounds you guys are
guys leave your dares we're gonna have
fun with this one
we want you guys to make up the Dare so
we will see you tomorrow thanks for all
the love and support smile more you're
beautiful Hey
I hate Ohio's weather oh poor little
baby
