what is that my friends beautiful day
thanks for taking me and hey cane I love
you do give me five
daddy won't be gone long okay when I get
home you better be ready to fight maybe
go kiss anymore
I'll see you super soon got a lot of
meetings today hopefully I can blog any
of it from you guys we'll see what
happens
always a terrible view in this building
only this the best part of coming into
this office look at this dude what would
you guys do with all this like it's so
hard not to come in here and just eat
all day every type of chip snack granola
fruit unhealthy my man Christian in here
punching numbers now you probably find
Angry Birds
what's up brother I heard you've been
getting recognized just from being in
the boss a little bit really this kind
of stops it gives me this look and he's
like dude I know you've been feeling
really YouTube room and I'm like that's
so cool dude just about everyone I put
in the blog has a story well so there's
somebody coming up oh my god guys I
spent the whole day in there with
meetings and meeting cool people really
cool people I probably ought to show you
by Monday for now it's just killing my
vlog game I'm sorry don't kill me for
this I think it's safe to say that I
need to get Britney a vlog camera while
we're here in LA because I get tied up
in these offices where I just can't vlog
it sucks for all of us it's another
beautiful night in LA man look at this
hmm I'm from Ohio and it sucks there's
snow
hi dude how are you hey well I miss you
every day so much
let me say hi to mommy saw that you were
getting in your Oberer it's like nice
what are we making on this fabulous
stove Wow this is a shoe Diller ah from
Napoleon Dynamite
what was that Lama's name or whatever it
was
eat your damn case doula Darrin looks
good tonight I ate like hey sorry I'm
gonna eat it about an hour I'll get
hungry and start picking out on this
stuff okay I was telling the viewers
that being in I'm in LA and stuck in
these meetings we should probably get
you a camera which we have at home in
Ohio
you just didn't bring it Oh maybe your
mom can ship him out the smile more
store he really didn't do much went to a
store and had a couple things we need
for dinner which I will clean it looks
way better I'm excited for tomorrow
oh yeah have anyone told him actually I
just found out we got for tomorrow
tickets to go see Billy Idol how awesome
is that I was gonna start breaking out
singing but so if we got tickets you
know what that means
you got tickets so we'll be taking you
along any meat don't like that now
okay I'm not messing around out of pure
fear that I'm gonna be stuck in meetings
and offices and editing we're going out
right now to try to find Brittany a
temporary vlog camera hopefully you guys
like 240p see I should have just got you
a frickin vlog camera for your birthday
then we wouldn't be having this problem
all right here's your new blog camera
it's only $2,600 without a lens just hit
and to the camera I've logged with right
now is $700 and I'm not that happy with
it these guys are only 150 bucks and
believe it or not they work just as good
so don't think you need a really
expensive vlog camera I actually like
the cheaper ones better the only problem
is I don't know if they have any it's
empty
you like those better than the dre beats
man let me see them okay they lucked out
I had one more left and this is gonna be
Britney's he found the video games were
never going home there's no fear all
night
surprisingly we get out surprisingly we
got out of there really fast
we got Britney a camera just in case I
don't wanna have any of you guys hanging
a little blurry minute vlog I guess I'm
stuck in an office Oh
but you get in your seat it's become
like a just a game to get in the seat
now he acts like a fish out of water 3 2
well I think that's a really good
workout alright guys I will try to be
more prepared on the vlogs when I am
stuck in the office and I'm doing things
where I'm just not able to vlog it
definitely wasn't prepared for today so
we got Britt a little camera maybe she
can help out when I get into situations
I don't want to screw you guys over on a
short vlog so that's all I got today I
thought a vlog a few days it was gonna
be the shortest but this might actually
beat it and I am eating Froot Loops out
of a cup we will see you guys tomorrow
thanks for everything
don't forget to smile more love you
alright guys so today is Britney's
birthday super exciting believe it or
not were such a team that were
side-by-side we've never really apart so
I thought today I would sneak off
