poets up guys super super late start to
today's blog I mean link start you guys
watching today's vlog we Britney and I
did some gaming and some reason I filmed
it wrong I had to compress it convert it
and it took 10 out I took 10 hours to
convert so I waited all day to edit
anyway yesterday's vlog went up late
let's get today's starting its over
time Brittany and I are trying to get
out of this house to go out for a little
bit and you know you know the routine
it's mayhem this is gonna sound really
crazy but I found out the paper towels
work way better than a towel to dry your
hair did you know that you never tried
that I I'm new to it I discovered this
because if I use just a towel it keeps
it a little damp and then my hairspray
makes my hair real clumpy big and this
makes it so dry that stands up so fly it
was ready mm-hmm
me too just driving my hair and want
something I'm crazy
paper towels work really good you are
you never said anything I thought I just
hid it from you I thought I was in here
by myself doing this it just won't quit
raining it's so gloomy let's be like
this for you know it's really good about
rainy days though what I have no idea I
was asking you I I can't think stay in
house and watch it rain outside cuz yeah
that's what we've done so far
brings May flowers Batman can't see you
buddy bury his head I love you give me
hug rock and roll
thumbs up peace
all right we got a beautiful day to be
out and about it is wretched wretched
wretched how you feeling good I'm
excited
perfect we were supposed we were
supposed to go out actually all day
we're supposed to have a whole day out
get a bunch of stuff done but if you
notice yesterday's blog going up so late
it took all day to convert the stupid
game files that I recorded the wrong way
of course but I got the gameplay to
where we're one step closer to be able
to do it so we're starting with some
figs we're starving it's already 7:00 at
night 7 p.m.
I'm flying horse sound ever while you're
driving ready oh oh my gosh
Reggie's driving that I like it you
don't know you don't
oh oh
terrible it's matter least it's warm out
with nice it's warm it's yucky but it's
warm we'll take it man you need to get
some food so don't turn inside out I'm
hungry and I can't stop talking about it
that's my typical day thank you so hard
to pick what I want tonight you know
again yeah yeah what chicken fingers and
fries
chunky Outback special and eating well
you're gonna get well done this time
okay I'm gonna put them starters big
crispy salad and hot potato soup oh man
you know it's really good when you dip
the bread and that's what's not nothing
not the best part about eating what you
is is that always my food and your food
because you can never finish anything
you'll finish that wine I like how
you're family so I know oh yeah I didn't
tell you guys like car goes up with a
night there was a screwdriver on the
table I carved high into the camera
can't see it though if I can bend the
lens around I can see it
wait you take them in the back oh yeah
in the mirror you got your genius but
they'll say II yeah on Drive
nope actually switch it up just a little
bit tonight I got coconut lobster tail
which Britney has no interesting but
stuff it perfect it's fine you're
indulging it's fine just le oh let's
enjoy this Neil thanks for getting the
door for me you're such the gentleman of
the family a cheery coat I might as well
be drunk I'm hyper
it's definitely spring they got all the
flowers and plants up all right broccoli
what seriously no one thing I hate about
this place it's like not a good place to
bring your kids cuz there's so many hoes
like just hos everybody this look how
many a terrible joke and it always will
be
actually made that joke in the vlog
maybe a year ago we even doing we came
in here for something now we're just
walking around looking at stuff for the
store look at this rug it's like a dog
it's like having a big animal it's like
having a big animal in your house you
should get it in the multicolor what red
the heck would where would you put that
red fierce in the kitchen it's awesome
stroke the furry wall serious question
though could you sweep this take a look
at it when that just like tangle up in
the sweeper its we're in here looking at
just about everything you can think of
for a house the only thing we're
actually getting our filters for our
refrigerator because getting water is
like a commitment that thing it takes so
long put your cup up and with just
drizzles we've never changed them and
then filters for our heaters how do you
even know what the he replaced the last
ones I don't
I'm so used to sip this stuff now
hey you want to do dude this guy behind
me on the forklift
he's got wood
I'm just full of terrible jokes and
sanitizes babe wait wait babe it is
actually gotten really nice outside it
stopped raining it's wool
oh I had to do it oh you do that crap to
me all the time
she always does that's head mama Kane
what are you doing
how was he
ten out of ten good turnout can't you
stand all right that's what I like to
hear
hey what's up dude you got the TV up
loud enough no time to spare Kane wants
to come straight down
big drum do your foot yeah but the end
it's so hard with his resistance he's
like pulling different directions so
dangerous you can do it watch keep the
beat are you thinking up mama I'm tuning
the kid just sounds good uh-huh I want
to make sure sounds good for my boy when
he's up on stage one day okay yeah hmm
it's only been a half hour who's hot
it's hot look what I did on your drum
pedal hey that's my hand
sly oh yeah hey do I help me feed the
fish hey go get a spoon out of the go
get a spoon go get a spoon I'm gonna let
you do it but go get a spoon but they
think I'm feeding them they think I'm
feeding them right now we're going crazy
ready here sit down
so these are like cubes of frozen
saltwater fish food don't splash it and
I usually just dump a cup or dip a cup
in the tank so it's actually the salt
water and then we just melt them stir it
up sprite a face there you go I see it
now you got it on you Oh shrimp got ah
get away can you reach up there
look they think you're feeding them okay
open the door nice they're gonna be so
happy you're you're ready feed Oh
oh my god oh they're gonna be so happy
this guy's gone crazy can you you think
it'll focus on it mmm
I might be a pole like actually
let's try you may have to actually back
up
i Wow look at him eating off the glass
yep yep that's so cool
those little eye it's poking out little
feelers oh yeah he does thanks buddy
you did it you made them all so happy
they're full now there's so much cool
stuff going on in this tank right now
whenever you feed them they all come out
good we're lucky the kangaroo get again
okay come here I tell you something hey
what the thumb say to the throat okay no
no laughing okay oh I love this small
straight face look at me look at me
can you see me look at my eyes okay look
look at my eyes
no smiling straight face Cheyenne
Cheyenne Cheyenne ready face straight
face we've never changed the filter in
our and our refrigerator in fact I
didn't even know there was one back
there until right now
they got this door told us this was the
right filters
I don't know just like turn anything off
oh yes not that's the old one this is
even oh yeah oh I guess it I think we
did it King I think we did it as hey
come here
oh my god I don't know I don't know if I
showed you guys how the frig worked
before with the old veteran leas watch
oh oh it's probably filling up so much
faster it comes out like that so it says
run about three gallons through this
thing which is gonna take a really long
time it's flowing better but it's still
really slow
leave this know it's like inconsistent -
it's like it like stops for a second
everyone smile
alright guys we were wrapping up today
get this he is out he is getting so big
do you guys remember how little he was
when we started the vlogs
yeah look at him he's like a little dude
now it was my baby
- a big that's it I will start
tomorrow's vlog no maybe not start but
the giveaway will be in tomorrow's vlog
so you'd have to wait any longer we're
gonna do the giveaway tomorrow it's
official we're doing it and that's it so
I got for you that hoop you ready we
will see you tomorrow
don't forget to smile
