I hope you guys are having an awesome
day and you're thinking positive and
you're happy I'm just getting started I
think I'm still sleep a little bit
vacations over
Easter's over it's time to get back to
work look at this four eight nine ten
eleven twelve thirteen fourteen cases of
orders ready to go the post office I
can't thank you guys enough so that's
what I'm doing today I'm starting out
taking this stuff to the post office
this poor kids got a poop so bad what's
up my friends I'm sorry I am still
asleep I think I don't think I'm awake
I'm not motivated I'm slow to go but I'm
trying to get moving I'm trying I'm just
like dragging I got uptake no to school
this morning and I was just like
sleepwalking a zombie and I need some
motivation man you get pumped up when
you get excited beep beep beep beep beep
it's like they knew I was coming they
left the barrels out here for me I'll
tell you what will help motivate you
when you do something out of love and
when you do it out of passion and not
for money or business and it becomes
successful I mean to me 14 buckets 14
buckets this morning of smile more
merchandise going out on time
that's freaking awesome guys maybe maybe
to a lot of people 14 buckets is nothing
and it's not successful do what you want
to do out of passion guys don't do it
for money don't do it because somebody
wants you to do it do it because you
love it and I swear I promise you'll
never work again a day in your life it's
the best feeling and you can do it if I
can do it anybody can do it all of a
sudden this crazy idea you have in your
head becomes reality and you're living
it every day I don't care what anybody
says that's a lot of frigging orders
what's up good how are you I got I got
one more out here the next thing I have
to do is a mail vlog like we're buried
in man we got to do that we owe it to
you guys and I quite frankly I want to
open everything it's awesome like
Christmas morning you guys know I like
shooting guns target practice
teaching my kids gun safety so I'm
looking for a couple targets right now
to shoot that's it Monday closed no I
got a turn right back
I'll never mind that idea no targets now
what I'm gonna shoot at hi beautiful
how you doing buddy pretty good mommy
getting the Easter party cleaned up hey
you better come here beer I love you
BC good you're you feel good you felt
hot last night felt like I had a little
fever last night but you feel good why
don't I wanted five I want you to give
me five not put your orange in my hand
bro so my man Todd just showed up with
his buddy Rob and he can't resist just
messing up my house like every time he
comes he takes a ceiling fan out he
wants to see what the table looks like
in front of the tank data almost is
perfect it's all wise was I yeah like a
bar basically is what we're gonna get
what I'm we're thinking don't take you
bar a couple bar stools pretty cool it
would be cool in it change the floor so
it's like uh but you're right the kids
beer up on here banging we're always
messing with stuff that would be nice
man imagine I would never get anything
done I would just sit here and work
right here you could draw fish that's
the only thing I'd get done just rough
look honey can you just imagine he just
imagined the kids yeah when they're all
grown up like I don't
hey cane out would you you got mail this
somebody sent you something come in it
says Kane Atwood right here look you
don't think it's yours yeah something
came in the mail today from one of you
and it's really crazy and I'm not sure
how to say it but it's really crazy you
guys always surprise me that's it I'm
always surprised by you guys it's
unbelievable what is it you don't know
open it what is it you know what that is
Kane it's a drum set for you somebody
got you a drum set and it's really nice
it's a really nice drum set daddy's car
two weeks ago or so you guys seen me and
Kane playing on my old drumset at my
parents house and I said something like
maybe we should get a drum set and now
this shows up to our smile more p.o box
a whole drum set for Kane and it's not a
cheap drum set it's legit let's see
what's from these are the kind of things
where I'm like why would you guys send
us something like this but then I'm like
holy cow you guys sent us something like
this it's like I can't I can't get over
and it's not a cheap drum set this came
from I'm gonna shout you out Bryan Lemke
Bryan s Lemke dude you did not have to
do
yes but Kane is gonna have a blot you
want to build it right now profess to it
man you gonna be a drummer yeah I have a
feeling he could actually be a drummer
with his energy and excitement this is
legit and I don't know if he did it on
purpose but it's like the same color as
the GTR it like matches Kane going down
the road to Jeddah China but seriously
guys I know there's a lot of youtubers
with huge audiences but I honestly feel
like it doesn't get much more loyal than
you guys the the the loyalty is unreal
and like you guys go out of your way to
do the craziest things I stuff that I
can't even explain on this vlog what you
guys do and this showed up at the smile
more p.o box - they're so unbelievably
you're like a parrot I've never seen a
human being eat more sunflower seeds you
go first and I'm gonna try to get this
down it's so heavy and I'm top like you
guys know I can pick up just about
anything so when I get it are you sure
you don't want to put this in our
bedroom so why we sleep game can
practice Sara nature yeah what am I
taking Bryan this is gonna be a
nightmare yeah come on Jimmy hold the
top no it's just bill gently carry it
down
then who is number of the smile more
store our employees are gonna love it oh
yeah this is such a legit drum set did
this is like for real it sauce it's not
a cheap it's not like a cheap store kids
drum sets legit Ludwig drums
what if Kane ended up being like super
famous drummer one day Travis Barker
Tommy Lee and it's all because Bryan
Lemke Rodimus said haha how awesome
would that be that would be just in case
Kane does become a famous drummer hey
Kane your first set of drumsticks oh
those are so cool just said Kane run
upstairs we're getting somewhere you
know what I'm pretty impressed cuz I
haven't messed with drums for a long
time and there's no instructions for the
whole kit so hope hopefully I know it's
just not so this is a trick I learned
from my brother actually I think every
drummer doesn't the world but my
brothers really good at drums he told me
to stuff this with like a big blanket or
a towel or probably even more than that
but a lot of drummers stuck their drums
with stop just make some sound better
we'll try it we'll try it see watch when
you take the towel out and that crazy we
put the towel in and for a bass drum
it's awesome come test this while I
tighten it and just it sit
use this book because you'll be using
this foot way to go Rex
really
it fits you I think it's Jenny set
yeah no plan is was that your drum solo
how long is this gonna take
there's chicken it should be good
nice we came upstairs at what wait you
two get up here like you do that right
now I can I'm so busy I'm so busy
fighting Cain not yet come on I need a
battle buddy go hey you little stripper
you take your shirt off uh all right
mommy what are you making
Kisa Dilys I would help you but try to
get you aah didn't even make effort
mmm no this looks really really good
yeah it's not enchilada when all the
cheese melt that's like a cheese case of
Dilla oh okay guys I don't even know why
I'm attempting this because you know
that nobody fails harder at it nobody on
YouTube fails more at this than I do
tonight I'm gonna attempt to hook up to
PS fours like this so Brittany and I can
gain together I can't even figure it out
on my own let alone hooking two up so
come along on my stressful journey oh
boy the elgato they all got oh this is
the thing everyone's like it's so easy
it's so easy well you know what it's not
easy when I plug it into my xbox it just
works
no problem record all my fun the ps4 man
and I'm before you start telling me what
to do just try to understand that I've
done everything you guys have kama dated
commented I really have tried a lot of
things so I'm not new at this I just
suck at it just plug it in Roman until
you have to do just just plug that thing
in and it'll just do its dang wait a
minute it's working it's working I don't
know how I hates is working we'll see
for the time being mmm oh boy oh boy
oh boy hey oh my god that looks amazing
thank you don't don't don't
ja ja oh it's not fair I can't fly Oh
what did i do today yeah I don't know
just walked around in the carpet and
kind of just goofed off and I just want
to say that uh you're pretty cool hey
hey come back down here I can't fly like
that but I can punch alright guys we're
gonna hop right into it and we've never
done this before so Brittany's gonna try
to make her own character which should
be pretty funny because you guys know
the detail of character making in this
you can spend hours on it or you can
just make something silly and we can
play all right we're finally on it you
can tell we're amateurs because she's
looking over there I'm looking over here
it's a mess but we're playing just like
the old days baby
oh look let's go look remember the first
time I ever picked you up in her life
about it we're about to relive it baby
Oh a white work man who didn't together
wasn't an Applebee's Lee good to
as our first date Applebee's we're never
playing tennis for you never gonna fuck
holy cow oh I'm thinking walk we do walk
from here I must say hi to this guy real
quick wait
anyone over are you died yeah
mr. snow more flat Oh Harry
not Dora
lost your mind oh we gotta beg on it
like bit where's the might go try to get
in it see if you can get in you just
walked right up it
oh my god looks like a swear card it is
oh my gosh there's never no guns bumper
bumper tanks
like making love tanks all right there
you have it we play a little bit of
video games it was kind of
nerve-wracking getting a set up and once
we got to set up it was a lot of fun we
just it's tough Lee it's 1:30 a.m. 1:30
a.m. and yes they're importing all this
footage I filmed a little bit with GoPro
in the top corner with us and been Essam
be all day I don't know if that was a
good thing or a disaster it's it's now
2:00 in the morning
I'm converting and it looks like my
computer's off but I'm converting it
wasn't like an hour and 20 minutes of
gameplay so I don't know what that turns
into gigabytes but it's a lot of the
GoPros run up an hour in half or 40
minutes so I I don't know tell me what
you think
it's different we just want to hang out
and play some games so that's what we
did that's all I got for today I had
something to ask you guys what is it
what is it what is all of that never
mind
I've been sitting here for five minutes
trying to think of what I had I had
something to ask you guys today and I
can't remember it because I'm I'm out of
it all day man tomorrow's not going to
be like this somebody get pumped up
energized Brittany and I are going out
all day ahh I love you guys thanks for
everything we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget keep a big smile on your
face you're freaking awesome don't
forget it and be you you're the best at
that it's mama
so last year if you guys remember I
killed the Easter Bunny mama and I made
her bring it today just so I could do
another anniversary pic of me killing
the Easter Bunny
