what's up my friends happy friggin
Easter it's hard to believe that I bet I
haven't missed the day of vlogging since
last Easter every single day since last
II that's so crazy to me I never thought
I'd be able to do everyday vlogs so this
is this is this is even shocking to me
haha happy Easter happy Easter we are
just starting our day looks like some
stuff was left for you guys you know a
really important part of your day is a
good Easter breakfast that's why I mean
good today that's right only the best
for my Easter sometimes you got to mix
it up I like the thing it is like a like
a like a cereal salad no are you ready
for today way under prepared none of us
should keep this low none for the kids
to be able to get into uh maybe after
the meal you could put it out I don't
know I'm telling you if you don't water
these they're gonna die this Sam's
already cooked all we have to do is heat
it up right if you throw the microwave
for 30 seconds now I'll put in the oven
for a couple of hours which would be
perfect time as we have but two hours
till what times you tell people
two or three um I don't know between
three and four Oh perfect well my
brother said he's coming at 2:00
yeah they're home at let's get
oh nice okay yep thanks
boom that'll be done at 3:00 what the
heck is that a chocolate bunny oh you
can tell family showing up oh yeah did
you bring any strong yes yes we all do
our yearly picture yeah am I gonna be
dead like this
yeah she's cleaning see that what did
you bring
it's a new game oh my goodness
marshmallow marshmallow guns you ever
seen that no I didn't see that Africa
I'll take the end off well when you
weren't looking I painted a big target
on your back
oh so I could really I see remember real
tight hair gain shoot one in my mouth oh
I went off his head pellets let's put
metal babies in my money belt
good going guys start picking him up
alright mr. handyman here guys just
relax I can do this I saw one of these
in it
I thought that we're first try but a
being about a boom yeah okay so I
thought all these people were coming
over but apparently what this is it the
tablecloth I know it's longer no it's
lower on the side do you stand it on
here tell me when it's right when it's
even Easter problems Easter problems
guys this is so critical that's perfect
don't touch it don't touch it all these
fancy decorations scotch tape tape look
at this one newest addition to the
Easter food rice krispie treats with
chocolate eyes jelly bean mouth white
chocolate ears Jess you've outdid
yourself this year how do we even
compete with this how do you compete
with that okay oh my dad's here there's
kids crying it's not for sale don't take
that Connor go in there and beat him you
want a different gun okay hey you guys
want to come interact with the family
you just want play games all day oh you
guys look great thanks dawn hey mom
live Roman happy Easter happy Easter we
got lots of food right now it just looks
like snack oh you gotta show the bully I
did already did I'm so cute you're
unbelievable those are really cool home
and we have way too much food well we
play I don't stay in the week oh this is
my favorite some people are turkey
people ham people on a hand person
that's what I got a turkey - that's not
very nice
yeah Turkey now that should be enough
right cowboy beans this noodles
oh my us we have so much pig I don't
know say guys I know you're drooling
right now whoo it's like a buffet
literally a buff fair so we snuck off
for a minute we're getting ready to do
an Easter egg hunt for all the kids
we're trying to decide what to put like
obviously all the eggs have like little
candies and things like that little toys
and stuff but a couple of the special
eggs are gonna have like five bucks
should we do to like Billy Madison Billy
man this is my birthday should we do two
fines or one they're gonna be like
there's nothing in it
there's no no no three four five dollars
there's five one's new to fajn do to
with 5s but we can't let the same kid
get that's on say how do we do that one
kid would get 15 bucks if they got all
the old ones yeah hmm how about we just
say one gold egg for each kid like
there's one for to two per kid you can
only have two gold eggs oh my gosh these
are all full yeah that's a serious eight
so what's in this um
what's in the cane a what is that oh
it's play-doh
yes I got silly putty mean and Connor
and I got the with so many eggs all
right Jimmy Conrad got the iron
I didn't even put these silly putty yeah
I told kandi you know one bite he's been
begging is it hollow I think so
so where do you want to bite him it's
fun a year his bookbag take a bite of
his but that's your one bite
oh wait is it a crispy bite of it whoa
useful oh there you go I can fill them
with candy these are gonna be hard to
find is that is that where you put them
at these have $50 bills in them so we
wanted only one per kid $5 bills Dale
five there's the only two $5 bills
I'll put these things anywhere and
everywhere
two eggs two eggs for the bonus if
anybody lifts the hood up by this old
abandoned bike that's what I just tried
but it popped open about you're gonna do
the same thing I did swing sets like a
two-bit Saigon whore completely over you
what's up baby boy what up nice you
stopped by I had to I know you did
yes you were gonna get a really angry
coffee you didn't show up
all right they're getting to be just
about everywhere now every little this
early someone's found really empty I
found a good spot for the $5 egg hmm
it's not a good spot they're gonna find
that
oh it's Easter Egg time let's go huh no
secret all right they know how to find
eggs let's go hello let's go it's like a
herd of them find some eggs dude you're
killing it you're killing it saving some
kids that's nice but you are kid look at
what your hands already go get it
they're working hard today guys
secretly we're just trying to wear them
out so they sleep you guys having any
luck back yeah that's right I remember
that last year our big golden egg was up
in one of these trees no what is that
that's a shiny one anywhere else around
here oh hey Kane you should try to open
this door oh no nothing in there all
right I'm gonna look your bucket is
overflowing I thought what is that no
what in the world is that I'm gonna take
some of these and put them on the ground
cuz some of the kids to find them and
it's overflowing well that's really nice
do it hey what the heck did you get No
eat it it's silly putty that's not candy
I think hunting Easter eggs has changed
since I was a kid did you guys get man
you guys got so much cool stuff put that
ring on Kane time sure to show the
camera the ring what's on the top of
your camera it's to block the land
building Legos love it I love it so last
year if you guys remember I killed the
Easter Bunny mama and I made her bring
it today just so I could do another
anniversary pic of me killing the Easter
Bunny I don't think I'm gonna kill you
this time now no blood no blood that
looks perfect
that is only creepy Easter Bunny yeah a
lot yeah you have oh ups - that's a
legit suit hey who is that buddy
what's he doing in our house where's the
Easter Bunny a boy or a girl it's a boy
how do you know that did you look under
his legs that's how you check no its
back guys I just want to take a second
to thank you for coming along on our
Easter it's just a family day and we're
just hanging out and I also want to
thank you guys I'm looking at the
comments on these vlogs last few vlogs
and I'm realizing how amazing they are
they're positive it's sorted I can find
a negative comment so I just want to
thank you for taking my challenge of
being positive and and trying to be
happy we are building an army of people
willing to smile and think positive and
I love it hey you ain't got no shoes on
either so thank you guys so much you're
so awesome
it's time to start tearing down this
madhouse I can't do it with one hand
honey
I can't vlog and kilo what well if I
added 30 could easily - are you gonna
get in it can wear your bow game scares
you this looks girly on you're like girl
let me use the screen oh it does I look
like a little ballerina what a day what
a day what a day what a mighty good day
whoa you're laying here you have a good
Easter man we had fun that was a that
was a day right there family friends
little crawly crabs we're all tired I'm
beat I'm really tired actually we did a
lot I don't know how it translates
through the vlog but we did a lot today
we had a lot of entertainment a lot of
fun over here give me a hug
uni hug daddy loved you my body you
sleep super good I will wake you up for
school tomorrow
yawn emic youngster I wonder if you made
anybody on the blog hmm
mmm come on don't lie somebody on
somebody think you actually made me I'm
for real all right I Love You Man
sleep perfect
okay guys warping into everybody
disappearing out of the house we had
excellent time a wonderful Easter always
good when you're with family I hope that
you had a great Easter as well and I
hope that you got some good time with
your family or friends or wherever
you're with and that's it that's all I
got the place is trashed it's really in
critical condition right now Britney's
trying to put Cain asleep on the couch
and uh that's it get a clean got to get
up early to take note of school that's
something I haven't done
he's been on spring break so it's gonna
be hard getting up that early that's it
I hope you guys thanks for joining our
thanks for joining our family for this
Easter and we will see you tomorrow keep
a big smile on your face smile more
not yeah
