what's up my friends how are you I hope
your day is friggin awesome we are
chilling out relaxed and I'm actually
getting a late start to today's vlog I'm
not gonna lie Bret he's already been to
a baby shower today
actually I want twice they gave my
second gift okay did you want it let me
say this is the baby shower gifts yeah
it's um handsome oh my gosh I love this
stuff and I candle it's not that it
doesn't taste like a hoarder member whoa
bath time bath time so yeah we were
hanging out right now we've got a big
day today because tomorrow is the Atwood
/ Smith / whoever can fit in this house
Easter party tomorrow yeah we got a
sunny day it's but I mean it's been
pouring rain for like three days
straight so yeah I gotta go to the store
okay I like this one I'm taken out in
the words of Kane me love you preheated
that baby Britney just ran out to the
store to get last-minute things we need
for this house
for the party tomorrow you know what
that means survival mode we do it best
in this house when we have to survive we
survive of course there's something in
there no no we're not doing anything
exciting today hanging out playing
that dog that used open flying off the
balcony in a spider-man costume yeah you
got like the landing spot
you guys are so zoned out on your video
games you guys got a know by now you got
to keep your guard up in this house
there surprises around every corner huh
sir move it man you got a bunny hop I
was pretty sweet
all right so I know you guys think I'm
always pranking you and I'm always
joking around and you can't take me that
serious but I'm here to tell you you're
wrong okay now you got to believe me
here I got this new app for grand theft
auto I got to show you so check it out
all you have to do is take a picture of
your car and your garage hang on a
second sit here hang on it's gotta be
the right the right position hang on ahh
China I'm trying to make this work it's
gotta be the right photo see here
okay all right that's it I got it
it's gonna work it's totally gonna work
huh
okay now all you have to do that that's
just so crazy you guys I am Lewis okay
all you have to do is take your phone
that you got the picture of your car and
you hold it up to your ps4 you just got
to wait like a few seconds does it work
and if you hold it there for about I
don't know ten to thirty seconds it
should appear in your GTA garage you see
our union yeah go to your garage what oh
oh there it is
it worked it totally worked
it's a different color though sometimes
it doesn't come in touch the colors
don't match when you take your face
something stuff about the contrast or
something I don't I don't know all the
details guys but pretty cool app for
gta5 and I'm being dead serious you know
you got you know my serious face and
this is it right here it got imported
the wheels right it got the got the
wheels right but the colors again that
got the color mixed up so I hate this
app hey nice Park job rook hey you got
stuff to carry in boo can scare me you
brought cupcakes
cane Cup canes that you'd like this what
is that it's a bear you can eat him he
your baseball or leg
her hat here is hat where did you get
these what is it inside I'm the baby
shower
I think it's rice krispies what it's
just just judge judge it's judge that's
chocolate fudge judge here ones for you
I don't want it I'm trying to quit wait
Happy Easter
we're gonna have I don't know yeah did
who gave who gave you these I bought you
you paid for these oh my god it was
really cute
not is it is it'll look good when you're
done what how about right here that's
good yeah you're you're gonna like these
I already know I'm not gonna like
tablecloths
huh I mean does that much do it Easter
it's spring now it's pretty springy
spring goes on the front door raid or
not nor we've got a hook from Christmas
man I hope I hope none of those hats
while we're having Easter I'm so glad
that you got a Bonnie
while you were out at the store is that
for you I don't think it is I think it's
for a baby all right guys we've had to
skip through a lot of today's vlog
forgive me um who could have took it off
tow we uh we've just had a lot to do to
get ready for tomorrow and I've been
trying to just record our day not just
upload a video to YouTube but actually
record our days in today's I didn't do
too well so we're preparing for Easter
tomorrow
but anyways Bert's cutting up all these
veggies and we've got all these trays
for the dips that we finally get to use
we've never got to use all this stuff
this is like chips and salsa maybe yeah
see all this stuff for Christmas but
we're just now getting to use it what
are all these little bowls those I got
last year and we've never used them
no I use this last year okay okay just
the white well you might be able seamen
last Easter slaughter there would be an
Easter vlog yeah we did we were y-yeah I
also want to apologize for being
completely unprepared for the giveaway
that I launched yesterday we have added
a bunch of stuff to it like smile more
merchandise and things that we just
already have but the GoPros are still on
the table everything's good I just I
guess I launched it too early because I
don't know how I'm doing it
but however I'm doing it's gonna be fun
it's gonna be cool and different I don't
want to just do the scroll on YouTube I
don't know this don't they get too much
you can do your healthy thing over there
cuz I'm about to indulge and a friggin
everything bagel cream cheese
we're gonna play the drums let's shut
what's show on let's shop I don't care
if it's embarrassing
we still have all our suitcases from
vacation just laying here on open the
time has come
gotta open now we had any laundry for 12
okay the kids have been run around make
it a week um flat clothes I don't want
to wash nah guys but seriously we're so
behind we have so much to do all the
time like I know it seems like a lot of
time we're just sitting around the house
but maybe that's why we have stuff to do
cuz we sleep you sleeping in here
tonight to see in the morning yeah look
at our laundry room oh my god
look two kids could you imagine if we
had like a couple more kids well I don't
know if you need me I'll be in here
working nah for real it just doesn't
stop in this house man is non-stop this
is like you know she's right we don't
have two kids imagine there may be
families watching right now with way
more kids and you're like you got it so
easy and then there's you that don't
have any kids and you're like what are
they even talking about all right guys
there's no way for me to sugarcoat it
I gotta go today I gotta end this vlog
we're just doing things that nobody
wants to see that's just it's alright we
have so much to clean up
my bagel mass that's the best bagel I've
ever had
we got to go guys we love you thanks for
the support this will probably the
shortest vlog in the last two weeks
though been doing really long vlog so
it'll still be full length in the
vlogger world but you know it's all good
we love you guys thanks fella love I
hope you have a wonderful Easter I hope
it was great if you're watching us later
and that's it we'll see you tomorrow
oh okay before I go I know that only my
most loyal viewers on this channel
watched the very end so I'm going to
give you a hint one of those GoPros will
be giving away on my Instagram one of
them will be so if you don't follow me
follow me on there for a chance to win
one of them I love you guys we will see
it tomorrow hope you had a great
freaking day we love you smile more one
day I'm gonna be a man I'm gonna be able
to grow facial hair one day I know it
I'm not one day I'm I'm dead
until then I think I should just stay
babyface hey what do you think
