most of my friends have welcome back to
Ohio if you guys watch the vlogs this
week then you know I forgot my razor and
I haven't been able to shave
just for fun I did a little handlebar
moustache she can barely tell I can
barely grow a moustache but please say
see if it'll focus how are you doing
alright what'd you guys think I think I
can pull the stache off it looks so dumb
I wish you leave it for Britney see what
she thinks
hey hey hey what do you think of my
stache I'm never gonna get dark facial
hair can you not even tell because my
face sure so light dude kids your age
have thicker stashes than I do
that's it buddy hey do you like huh you
like my mustache one day I'm gonna be a
man I'm gonna be able to grow facial
hair one day I know it I'm not one day
I'm one day until then I think I should
just stay babyface hey what do you think
take me serious don't like it oh it look
like I want to be cop I want to be
caught yeah I don't want to be me I
don't come okay I'm coming
that is what I call grocery shopping
holy cow it's for Easter too well I
would I would guess that like gone the
old Roman kiss you get your ramen back
not fun of yours the good pizza rolls is
all part of the balanced breakfast um
you guys are killing it
is the legen Oh your clown I love it
so before we went on vacation I promised
you guys that a two million subscribers
we're going to do a giveaway a fun
giveaway so I thought what better time
the girls are doing yoga boring okay
we're gonna go out and you better take
quit taking these off okay it looks evil
outside just evil
keep shoes on boy kid loves to kick his
shoes off every time we get in the car
and their converse you got a untime
loosen them all the way shove the foot
in I just snuck right on yeah well
that's the best type nice sticker did
good what do you think we should give
away I mean from the store we're gonna
do other giveaways but just from this
store I'm thinking GoPros everybody
likes go first what
you don't want it don't even hurt it
didn't hurt you we could giveaway blog
cameras this is one of my favorite this
one 10 lot cheaper than a GoPro I don't
know I don't know
that's expansive for headphones we could
give away some some beats I wouldn't
know which even which ones to get
technology it's getting so crazy
those are for the big dudes
you gotta get the baby pair a mat just
matches your outfit matches cane and I'm
looking for giveaways I always do like
GoPros maybe I should just do that
everybody loves them I love them
it's like one of my favorite toys in the
world as a Gopal
what should I give away guys give away
the GTR Wow look at these it's like a
Sony it's like a Sony Go Pro basically a
knockoff but it's got its own like video
wrist strap that's pretty cool
oh great now you're gonna want him want
an iPod giveaway some iPads
everybody likes iPads - dude iPods are
so addicting now Cain won't even pay
Chanel people want to look around the 1
are you calling
alright we got some sweet giveaway is
not gonna show you what it is yet
although they don't know we are off to
see the Wizard
oh we're off to see mommy she's you're a
wizard I'm not gonna lie guys I think we
should get homes it looks like the end
of the world has come I feel nasty it
looks out there oh my Independence Day
type stuff right there just get back
home and it looks like and here's like
they're all mine well grandma stealing
my kids side
dang just me and mommy here what are we
gonna do laundry all jokes aside though
on a serious note the vlog has been up
for two hours but it won't send two
subscribers from yesterday so you may
notice that the vlog from yesterday you
never seen it so if you didn't check it
out that's two - big sis your bag Noah
yeah they keep kind of funny about this
boy you want to say that many times you
will see in some days all right
that's boobies never hug you want your
book back that's boogie boogie yeah oh
okay
very good over here and give me a hug
know it to wherever you're at
oh that's yeah why have fun
take care of our Man and Captain America
love you dude
have fun it's good we love our kids we
love our his i drugged my mom you hear
it there's there's no kids in the house
work we're hearing things we've never
heard before it's so quiet it's this
light I'm telling you Shh it's like a
sharp humming yes that's it that's it it
must be the bulb maybe it's going bad
I'm not rocket scientist but it's got to
be what it is it's really annoying so
you know what happens when the kids
leave is you and for everybody else this
isn't gonna make sense because you know
if you don't have kids or if you're just
a couple without kids it's just a normal
day this is what we'll be doing no kids
we can't we can go do whatever we want
but when you have kids and the
grandparents take them you're like oh my
god we have like four hours before we're
going to sleep and what the heck do we
do in those four hours like what can we
do we can jam as much stuff as we can in
four hours it's it's nice I got I got to
show you the giveaways I'm gonna show
you the giveaway stuff
oh yeah did you get it yeah I'll wait
till you're done cooking that hamburger
and then we're gonna show that's gonna
be - that's huge
your stomachs talking for your brain
your stomach thinking for your brain
that's that's what I meant to say we are
on taco night baby
lots of meat lots of sauce lots of
good yeah yeah what'd you do this and it
salsa and cheese and lettuce and
hamburger just looks weird like not the
right color
so we have mix it all up mix it all up
then port on the tortilla then wrap the
tortilla and that's how we do it
Britany always makes funny because when
I wrapped the tortilla show they all
falls out the bottom so she's gonna do
it for me
yours is so nice how'd he do it a little
professional oh my gosh hmm come on come
on I'm trying times ticking hey that's
how you do it that's so complicated it's
a little baby all right we shove some
tacos down after I take this I must
strongly give away as you guys ready you
mean come in there mean you let me
follow you yeah follow me I put a lot of
thought in this Americans I'm gonna do
it come on I'm just gonna do it I'm
giving them away you're giving those
away yep
what do you think I don't know wait
where are they I thought my here
Oh stupid somebody moved on what uh-oh
you tell us I want to go come on no
process kids or somebody must be so
silly
all right so the reason I got GoPro
Sobers first of all the freakin $400
piece they're expensive that's why I
only got two but I filmed my entire
twilit paper prank almost with the GoPro
silver I fell in love with the freaking
camera so I got two silvers instead of
the blacks that's my favorite GoPro ever
to date and I use GoPros all the time
but this isn't it I'm actually trying to
come up with some cool things that we
just have you know things that are like
sentimental things that we already own
these are cool gifts but I think a lot
of you guys would like something from us
that's ours so we're still working on
that
maybe Brittany and I can find some stuff
all right hit it
yeah it's whenever another I'm giving
these away right here these GoPros I'm
giving these away you're so mean
I'm the enema troll prankster troll I
guess you are prankster I got to keep it
live I got to keep me I gotta keep my
viewers alive and on their toes we
stopped at me wait here hold this
got to keep you guys on your toes man
what are you doing awesome sweeper away
Oh y'all know what it would be like if I
gave this waiver like would you guys
even look at like I don't know if it
means anything to anybody else cuz it's
just like I don't know it's cool to me
because I got to that point YouTube but
I'm amazing you guys so many houses
uh-huh what do you want to do I gotta
figure out we gotta figure out was
giveaway too
I don't figure out how to do it this is
what we're doing with our tongue
just keep it relaxed get caught up on t
we watched we finally finished Chuck if
you watch these vlogs are you know we
started Chuck on Netflix I recommend no
one could watch it one the ending was
over bad oh it's the best it's like I've
never been so disappointed that a show
ended in my life right that's all you
cry I was crying for 20 30 minutes
oh the whole night to do whatever we
want we're just gonna lay here I wanted
to go watch a movie you wants to sit
your butt same thing we're just sitting
here I'll just come here
alright guys you're pretty much just
warped through the night we laid around
and just hung out
it's it's one in the morning one in the
morning already Little Giraffe
what's going on in there everything's
closed up everything changes at night
alright guys I hate to do this but I
don't know what and how I'm doing the
giveaway yet so at least know that I've
got to go pros on the on the board and
we'll see what else we can add to it
probably tomorrow or after Easter just
depends I guess and what's going on but
we're going to call it a night thanks
for all of them sport if you have any
suggestions on how I should do the
giveaway hit me up in the comments I
know I've done the scroll thing in the
past and I don't like it that much I
really don't like it anyway love you
guys thanks for the love and support as
always we will see you tomorrow
don't forget smile more the taxi cab
driver promised us the Delta was inside
there it's not we've no idea where we're
at
I notice you even asked yeah that's
alright
all right we found Delta we drop her
back
