all right my man I love you I'll see
after school yep positive thoughts only
what's up my friends just took know to
school I hope that you're ready to smile
today
I know you're alive you're watching this
vlog which means you are awake that
right there's enough reason to smile so
let's do it
let's do it today got to make a quick
stop at my brother's place to pick up
some merch beep beep beep beep hey cool
dude how about me you guys ready to go
to LA tomorrow yep we gotta get on a big
airplane and go downstairs with me okay
have you two gonna help me unload the
truck better lift it
yeah dude ah Kane is helping me organize
this place it's getting out of control
about once a week it has to be done or
starts looking like this
my mom my poor mom she works night and
day yet she still finds time to come
over here and pre-pack all these pins it
usually would just send the pins out
past but she personally wraps every
single pack in bubble wrap so awesome
thanks mommy just bounced out of the
house to go pick up my car get the
windows blacked out I hope it's done
better be done took a little while to
floor than we expected
hanging in there dude you can take a nap
body sound just opens eyes for a second
hey the wash is open why did it do that
I don't know I didn't really worry cuz I
can't find the car we've circled this
place twice it's not here I bet they're
out joyriding it ha ha ha I bet they're
ripping the wheels off I know these guys
are here I'm just picking on Jana yeah
it'll be all it's so glad whoo oh my god
I love it yeah that looks so much better
so glad we went black oh my god I miss
this car whoo
I don't know what to say right now Wow
there it is
oh you know what this is giving it a
pink tent too red tent
you like the black windows I mean climb
in here and me I got to go get Noah from
school you like it the windows are sick
yeah it looks
you know it's weird they're actually
black when the doors open but when it
shut it's like red it's pink it's just
like the truck
pink windows baby always taking it
through all right I got to go get Noah
guys I love you dad Lee I get my car I
get this car I had to go to playlist in
Orlando which is great and then I just
got it back from getting the windows
down and I go to LA tomorrow I'm never
gonna get to drive this thing but uh
it's I'm still speechless over this
thing it's black baby it's black I want
to I want to show you guys this is zero
to sixty I don't know if I can do it
when end vlog sounds incredibly stupid
but I can't resist we got to see it so
this is like one of the greatest roads
out here it's black top and there's
nobody ever here it's like a dead
background so I'm gonna try to watch the
zero-to-sixty on this I don't know if I
can even hold the camera and do this
okay here we go
and keep in mind that's an auto mode
that's just automatic I can't blog and
shift at the same time it's on the
opposite side so you know safety first
guy secret person not even kidding
there's a copy I have no idea if he's
actually looking for me or no I can't
but there is enough on me so what's up
buddy just picked up Noah at school and
I got a call from Brittany she's like
did you not pay anybody for your windows
I'll second
no I just was excited I took the car and
left so we had to come back and I gotta
pay the machine okay so why are we going
in here yeah get it mass in the Furious
know about to pee my hand ice what do we
gotta get you did you know boundary
candy cards what is it you know the
whole class new bowling balls 25 25
what do you think they would do if you
got everyone on the class one of these
bears had the back up a truck oh my gosh
what is it called beanie boos no but
what you just do what's the bus key oh
no and here you may notice my picture my
car put on Instagram when I first got
the car Noah took that picture and we're
trying to do another he's my little
cameraman how's it look
rod we just warped home look what I got
on a grill baby big old steak sprinkled
stinks you want me you want me you gonna
eat some steak you're not gonna eat no
steak we'll do that right after dinner
food bloggers I said have another food
blog forever big fresh steaks with
noodles and corn baby whoo dude I'm
really proud of you Keener's you're
eatin steak you like it yeah he finally
tried it he's elected it tastes like
liked it now is killing his flight
muscle corn yes a new band of you know
Dan is really good when nobody talks
their mouths are fall but you know you
need a little black marker maybe yeah
maybe it's hard to ride on how is that
gainers we finished down the kids ate
better than they've ever eaten their
lives especially you you ate steak I'm
proud of them no one's gonna start
filling out his Valentine's Day love
letters will you be my Valentine oh I
know you're in here I know you're in
here
can't let you fit in there like wow
that's a good spot oh it's really long
we said we're gonna do funny story every
day and I don't think we've done one
sense all right hit me with it
we're walking in from outdoor recess and
my friend we like the kid up that was
waving to me yeah he was running up to
to UM into the school he's running as
fast as he can a giant metal door oh you
made a giant noise like his leg and his
horn all of this just just hanging out
no before bed I get a good a Los Angeles
tomorrow you're gonna miss you like
crazy
as soon as school's out yes who's going
with me
you so know just that's a really good
question what am i doing in LA and I
figure this good time to tell you guys
so the movie is edited it's its first
edit so it's finally able to be viewed
it's it's a it so it's a rough edit it's
a two-hour edit so it's way longer than
the movie will actually be
so I'm flying out to watch the first cut
of it and start trimming off the trim
and the fat is what we call it trimming
off the dead parts pieces that aren't
good enough or maybe certain pranks
aren't good enough we've got a refilm
stuff but for now I'm just going to
watch that first cut so I'm excited it's
coming downstairs check on this place
Brittany and I have a lot of last-minute
things we have to do before we can ever
leave you know we if you guys don't know
small store is a company like it's a
it's a full-blown company it's it's
looking good we got some new shelves and
new inventory and we're just trying to
get everything caught up and that that
22nd thing is crazy
well yeah shut up and pull out and read
I hate pulling it out alright guys got
to bounce upstairs and in this vlog we
got to get ready for LA tomorrow so much
cool stuff happening that way when I fly
out and I'm just so excited to bring you
guys along for that Kane woke ups
Brittany's in there trying to get him to
bed I'm gonna go ahead and get this vlog
edited for you guys you probably know it
but my battery just died mid-sentence
like right as I was talking it can't go
to sleep yell okay look at this so this
little thing I never knew what this was
it's like for when he's learning instead
of like opening back up Oh kid scissors
it's like if you close it like it opens
for you ah it's like spring-loaded
that's cool how's he ever gonna learn
that it's like training wheels on
scissors all right guys we're out of
here we'll see you tomorrow thanks for
watching
smile more
