are you ready to ride in the blue car
he's so excited what's up my friends
welcome back to Ohio got Kanner's with
me he's been so excited to ride in the
little blue car we didn't take the gt-r
today I know a lot of you guys are like
why aren't you driving the friggin GTR
there's a company going to my house to
block the windows out I want black
windows on that car so I'm excited about
that
me and my dude you're gonna go get some
some supplies crap that we need for to
run this store while we're at playlist
live our smile Moore store computer took
a dump
so caner are on mission to find a cheap
usable computer for the store and that
right boy and never are you excited
Cain's gonna do some racing before we go
dude you're doing great yeah we're
really not getting much done here we are
coming back empty-handed yeah just climb
just climb all over everything we did
not find what we're looking for
everything is Windows 8 now I'm sorry
but we've had nothing but problems with
Windows 8 so I'm trying to find it with
the 7 computer which oh do you want to
help me we're gonna blow all the nasty
off little blue okay yeah you wanna get
out with me you know stay right here and
watch me spray yeah he's always so
nervous the carwash
you
it was so salty awful all done
why didn't they tent my windows I don't
know so basically we're gonna drop the
car off at the dealership go get Noah
pick it back up with black windows right
tall of the school buses we dropped off
the car to get the windows done we are
getting Noah from school finally I miss
my flight god I miss him where's my boy
get over here
missed you know a school man good a good
day no trouble I knew that
you're the best kid on the planet hands
down unless I'm talking to Kane then I
have to tell him he's the best mm-hmm
yep and then what do you want buddy do
you want what you always get or you want
for here I think just
you just want fried rice hey buddy don't
pick a table for us you can pick any
table in here you pick okay
oh okay one the SIP I know came to one
of these Chinese places that we like
cane and Brittany love pizza so they
went got pizza and knowing I like
Chinese really shiny
so Noah's got a bunch of math and
reading and homework and I got my own
homework I gotta edit
I gotta edit so we're gonna buddy buddy
it up team up get our stuff done so we
can hang out and play right that's the
goal it's my goal we found these uh it
was like when you got a playlist to give
you like a goodie bag and these were
thick glasses they put in there you guys
like him yeah I think they're pretty
cool
cane you got any homework to do no not
yet you still got a couple years
Turner
don't intend it to tent it detective
detective today I'm done I'm done I'm
done I'm done
you're Annie let's check it what sound
does a cow dog may do a quo whoa or a
move yeah idea what sound is a rake
that's it just you that's a real belly
laugh right there
what is this red called airplane Oh
and from the living room it's all fun
games till somebody hits the lamp and
breaks the glass don't walk in here
wouldn't be upset but it's the only one
of the glasses we got in Hawaii it still
it still says Maui kind of warping into
the night here guys we spent some time
with the kids and kind of shut down a
little bit from our break what's going
on with this camera looks oh it looks
good
some on the list yes these are sure mine
mall moles get our cricket almost get
off yeah almost getting all the clothes
mixed up pants hmm there's my long johns
making me a little late-night snack
I'm a sucker for bagels so Brittany just
found her CD book from eight years ago
there's some real classics in here come
on give it to me what you got
Bullet For My Valentine that's a good
one since the sale you're a little
warped or phase I think just Chiodos
Carrie Underwood
Carrie under hood throw in essence
shuffle roll brothers back in the weight
all you did was burn CDs that's okay oh
that one's real cherry hi I was
very random I liked our goodbye back at
their apple bottom jeans boots with the
fur that was like girl that made this
for me I was like our song dude Flo Rida
it was hot so there summer's day another
Evan we love so actually I took Britney
to her first concert ever
no silverstein we love them I went to a
couple of shares what's that man okay
there's a dr. E train country oh my god
I remember Daughtry was huge I remember
like in high school he did was burn CDs
nobody bought CDs it was like the day of
just burning now it's all now it's all
digital files mp3s stuff like yeah I
wouldn't think people buy CDs anymore
you buy CDs to people I don't think
people buy CDs anymore the moon lights
are on and it looks like crap on camera
but it's so pretty in real life I'm
sorry I can't show you
all right guys gonna call it a night
thanks for coming along with us and I
know the last couple vlogs been kind of
short but we got home with the kids and
I had to shut off a little bit I know
you guys understand that so thank you in
advance I hope you guys are killing the
positive thing that I've been preaching
to you guys for a long time stay
positive be positive your life will
change for so much better you'll be so
happy I'm telling you I promise and it's
not going to hurt to try so give it your
best even if it's for an hour start
there and just work your way up Manny
I've been doing it for years and I'm
still struggle with it it's really hard
it's the hardest thing that I've ever
done and I just hope that you guys give
it a shot I love you we will see you
tomorrow don't forget to smile more I
don't know how I can vlog today with
this you guys are gonna hate me maybe
you have to translate like yeah here
take it okay
okay said he loves you and he's really
sorry about his voice
