what's up guys welcome to day two of our
wonderful family getaway vacation
something like that you ready play in
the water
no you're not allowed in the water today
no not today is that your is that your
bird call Jane we were eating with a
little Mockingbird here today so mocking
group we just sat down there's only one
family there's only one group at this
whole bar and they all come up
recognized us from New York cities
what's up guys hey friends heat old
friends know you like back where we live
in
so you read in one of why destroy your
family but can we get a picture we add
we'll get it we'll get a bunch of pics
super cool no matter where we go we got
supportive people and families hanging
out with us and he's got a little hot
dog for lunch
are you kidding me my god hey you wanna
buy wow this thing's unbelievable
you guys picking out your rash for the
day Oh
dropping stuff which ones do you like
that's probably your jet ski from
yesterday man they got them locked up
tight today man
jet skis are expensive yeah we're going
out to that how cool would that be out
on that rock it's low tide it's the only
way to do it right here whoo that's how
you get it over with
even though it's warm it does feel
colder than yesterday actually
but to matter daddy is it cold is it
cold why are you getting in be in the
Sun
you just needed a little extra
motivation falling oh my god people fell
I kind of made my heart drop and I'm
like no
no it's right here down at that on it
it's although we have a GoPro I'm using
the actual blog camera here pretty bad
idea but the GoPro is still quiet with
that waterproof case I can't hardly use
the footage okay hey you like your Jeske
there goes the dolphin let's chase him
won't try to go underwater
really you've done it before
No hey not going underwater film me I'm
gonna do super jet boat for Caine
you ready you better hold on tight
because I'm going fast
man you may want to follow us along
hold on tight that camera Eddie hold on
water feels good is it good I want a
drink
hmm oh my gosh I could drink that all
day is it good yeah doesn't get much
better than this guys my family palm
trees sunshine ocean pools you know it's
hard to uh it's hard to preach being
positive and smile more when I'm on
these trips because everyone kind of
hates me like yeah it's easy to be happy
when you're on an island but you know
what I push this stuff even when I'm in
the snow even when I'm down
even when I'm happy so no hate man
everything's good everything's great
hope your days just as good as none it's
really good today
right right
every day I got a pause and run up and
get the vlog up sound is what I do it's
a habit now it's routine I don't even
think about it I just do it I guess the
difference between vlogging and being a
daily vloggers no matter what you're
doing no matter where you're at you have
to figure out a way to get that vlog up
every day is a lot of dedication it's a
lot of I mean at this point I've been
doing it long enough that I'm even think
about it like it's just become like I
said it's part of my routine but if
you're if you're trying to be a daily
vlogger you know don't be disappointed
when you miss a few days because that's
just part of learning how to get that
mindset to just do it every day it's
hard it's it's it actually is really
hard I give anybody that does it every
day a lot of credit it's really tough
that being said I got to do it and my
vlog camera didn't charge last night so
I'm gonna plug you in right now when I
woke up this morning it was like leaning
out like that so it wasn't charging so
I'm gonna throw it on when I get the
vlog up I'll see you guys in one second
but I'm really worried about this
battery I only charge it for about 10
minutes hopefully it lasts
I also want to thank everybody that's
showing up at the hotels and and the
people that come up on the beach and
just thank you for being so respectful
around my kids and being so awesome and
loyal to us
it's unbelievable thank you look like
you were breastfeeding hey you're not
asleep oh that's not ours right blood
you taking a little break No
looks pretty unbelievable where's Noah
uh-oh he's replaced me I stopped at a
little store inside the hotel and got
Noah some goggles try these you hungry
hi if he keeps saying he's hungry it's
only been three days since he ate I good
it is he's super cool
ah yeah I just found this I just found
this phone by the pool man who is this
hello toxin oh it's your cousin's phone
what's my phone now hey what's up good
good your cousin just asked if I would
call you and say hi oh thanks man okay
she just came out and said this guy
cooked your food today
so anyone to gravel-pit so you guys want
to get a pic Kane's like nah never he
said he's a hard line let's do it
alright how you going doing I just
follow this path figure to be a nice
time to take a walk take a break from
swimming for a minute it's beautiful up
here
wait
and our button broke your piggy back
ride hey do you want a piggyback ride
you're gonna fall asleep here here you
wear the backpack I'll piggyback here
deal just don't choke me out
whoo my laundry flip-flops game that
looks fun on a little kayak
it's crazy can't believe I parked my
boat all the way out there look at this
place this place is magical in that
trash can
it's just bird poop ma let's take a nice
picture right here look at this that's
perfect right for a family photo I know
everyone's excited you get my GoPro
I've been really slacking on Instagram
I'm sure you guys have noticed to put up
like one picture in the last two weeks
so I figured family photo would be
perfect
gonna race me dinella not you too tired
yeah he's not gonna make it very long
hey you told me you don't want to race
hey yeah you won you like the view is
how you view oh my gosh this is a really
cool spot look at that
you think it is awesome did you want to
swim down there is it too rough
wait throw you around I would throw me
around - it's pretty brutal where are we
going hiking this little trail whoa whoa
you're lucky you got me as a horse to
carry you around it's a coconut coconut
Joe
yeah yeah watch it's gonna splash take
it slowly
Walter misty are you vlogging good job
well this is one beautiful spot of the
island man it's so peaceful and private
very private I like to actually yeah
bringing lunch down here and be so nice
her buttons broke now this looks like
fun
look there's even a couple hamburgers
left with a lot of ants they're going to
town on that bad boy hey bugs
what up max and Maximus what do you guys
up to man Porto Rico man what's what's
the flag we just found it found it we're
playing catch the play oh nice that
sounds fun what's up guys why you guys
all gated in my property I think well
yeah I'd say look at this I tried to
climb over whoo no way and then you got
these doors that pull down in front of
all the that's serious huh you're saying
you guys are ready for a survival either
I'm having deja vu or you guys are
watching yesterday's vlog it's almost
the same scenario we crash and burn so
hard you guys fill in your brain with he
came up to kind of cool off for a minute
dry up relax shower get ready for dinner
we're gonna have a nice dinner tonight
hopefully you know some bubble gum here
I'll help you oh you don't need help
except for this corner that you're about
to blow your head off in between every
time we come up here in between like
everything I keep plugging this battery
because it's been dead all day do this
mop on my head
we brought no clothes on this island she
brought me three or four of these no
t-shirts and I'm wearing the same hoodie
that I wore all the way through the
airport so I don't feel like it's that
clean it's what happens when we leave
and rush to the airport
two three hours before we're supposed to
be there here's ray go eat you guys
tired they'll never admit it I gave you
a thousand bags of candy and they would
say they weren't tired gonna try to find
some food we're all starving I think we
went way too long without food hey good
news good news look I found food there's
popcorn you guys ready to eat not
interested Noah it was really nice to
you to buy out the entire restaurant for
us
that was really really nice you
I'm kidding there's just nobody here
there's actually a couple people over
there I'm a little worried actually is
it is it is it weird that nobody's here
do they know something that we don't
know you look really funny right now
close your eyes
Oh mommy look so attractive
oh man y'all better in your own roll boy
the concentration lighting now
you can't even think about anything else
no one's got his own method over here
just dip each piece that's what I do
out of the patient section butter I just
dip it just like that
can't get the knife out of your mouth
only my kid will put a knife in his
mouth it's it's a kid safe knife before
you turn me into child services so I
know you guys know what we ordered I
don't even have to show you well maybe
yeah for me I guess mine is the most
typical on Brits I got the ribs of
course it's the barbecue that sucked me
in Rome barbecue ain't got some
spaghetti spaghetti
now we got custom-made noodles mac and
cheese basically threatening out steak
and potatoes that concludes our food
blog dessert time oh my gosh yeah you
guys gonna be bouncing off the walls I
might get a Snickers bar man that looks
so good what is it twit Twix bar
nestl√©'s that's probably what do you
get nothing
yeah right I'm not you're gonna eat mine
that's what you're gonna do I'm gonna
get one canes over there making his own
deals
what are you doing boy so what was your
name my email I she works at the little
local store here at the hotel and she
says that everyone's coming in here
looking for us so all the fans come into
the hotel and then they come in here
asking if they've seen us so what do you
tell them people are looking for your um
for your room so like can we get there
bro now like now I'm sorry is it really
good like the best you've ever had
how's yours good like the best you've
ever had
you guys are easy to please I felt for
the frozen Snickers
not them show them no you're having a
successful vacation when the kids are
too tired even swim I heard it come out
of your mouth no never too tired to swim
but tonight that's alright it's a good
thing man play all day and rest at night
yeah like Kane said you guys have any
good trip so far then they've been
really good you're gonna share no we got
uh even though we did pretty well
keeping the sunscreen on kids got a
little red today especially Noah so we
got some aloe hopefully this stuff
soothes it
the parents win today whoo-hoo we got
you we got you when you weren't even
paying attention you thought you were
just out there you thought you were just
playing have a good time
little did you know yeah I was just
locking you out I don't think I've ever
seen a kid gonna sleep this fast
Cain is out like out
he's got captain him did you played so
hard today man that was that fartin did
you get a little red around the eyes yes
oh I love you so much I'm the best kid
in the world
I should have logged it but I put the
that cool allo all ever no awesome oh it
so uncomfortable too easy
the worst part is we put sunscreen on
all day look at you worst part is we put
sunscreen on and you look like a cherry
we're gonna have to get better stuff man
telling me the island Sun is different
it's hot it Spears it just goes right
through you
you're definitely cooked medium well
right now if I ordered you at a steak
house you'd be medium laughs I love you
buddy
sleep great man all right guys the kids
are in bed I feel bad even turn on the
light Cain is out he's out both kids are
out we are actually gonna end it call it
a night we're gonna watch the roast
tonight we've been waiting on this for a
long time actually yeah we love the
roast all the roast they're all
hilarious just good comedy anyway I want
to thank everybody that has been showing
up at our hotel meeting us at the beach
and just being so respectful like these
trips like show us it like how amazing
you guys are you every time anybody
comes up it's like we've known you our
whole life like and you feel like family
when you walk up so thank you for that
and always being so kind around the kids
and it means a lot to us and it helps us
relax a little bit what else yeah this
is people from ever all over the world
what out where are you guys from tell us
in the comments just curious to see
where our viewers really coming from I
know it's problem
everywhere but I don't know if you have
a second tell us we read through a lot
of stuff so that's it
I'll call it a night my battery lights
flashing the suckers getting charged
tonight because we're gonna go we're
gonna go we're gonna go travel tomorrow
we're gonna we're going to leave this
area so we love you I will see you
tomorrow thanks for all of keep a big
smile on your face you're awesome
smiler hey you ready okay super boost
ready
