I feel like I'm having a little deja vu
I'm starting today exactly how I started
yesterday um at the post office I got
you guys got to see these new buckets I
got for this stuff okay so tell me this
isn't ten times better look at that
no more cardboard no more stuff flying
off into the street Wow after this one
after this one no more no more I got to
get more but I didn't get enough buckets
just keep them coming
just keep them coming hey all right she
keep you guys busy for a little while
yes orders are moving my friends I hope
you guys are having a great day I just
want to let you know we're working night
and day on your orders if you haven't
gotten me out they're on the way we're
gonna get them all caught up by the time
we go to Orlando for playlist live I
hope to see you there and yeah that's it
for right man the last one I before he
said that have all fallen off he's
downstairs working on the steps and it
falls and land we're just literally like
that
we got lucky yeah we got a guy
rebuilding the steps in the garage you
guys know we broke during the ball prank
and our basement steps are like I think
when they built the house they were like
temporary steps so they're kind of scary
if you haven't noticed from the vlogs
but he's just putting some
reinforcements and nothing big check out
what's on the front page of 9gag I can't
believe it's on the front page dinner
has ruined me just a dog toy did this
dog thinks of your your dog Tyler he's
like nah nah me mm-hmm oh my god I was
like crying laughing guess I'll wait
until you get your pants on start these
are sure you need pants powder growing
too tall
it was not like he's getting big like
know what I'm gonna be business no one
yeah I bet you're gonna be bigger than
daddy both my boys gonna be told I'm
short for a guy and you're short for a
girl or shorties he might not make okay
can you might be at your max Heights
right now okay so it's boys night mom
all night you hate all of us you're
leaving Hey oh ma mom how are we gonna
eat I'm just kidding Brits going out
where it's going out with my brother's
wife Jess they're like best friends so I
don't know why I keep saying my
brother's wife Jess you guys know Jess
uh me and the boys are gonna help Mama's
leaving no girls tonight
yeah no girls allowed she's taking me
home so she can use her car tonight
oh she takin out the white Chevy what
won't you take I stopped to say why
don't you take the new G oh I get you
say with a straight face because you
ain't driving she should get a horse you
should get a horse to name it GTR so you
can say you drove it yeah it's dead car
daddy's cars the blue car you couldn't
drop you didn't drive it either could
you didn't I don't know how to drive
okay have fun ladies hey cake Hey stop
talking about food I'm starving I'm
sorry
easy there is the charger for the truck
so I think they have to charge for the
victory I don't know I don't know I
think it isn't there actually love you
oh yeah be careful Walter your your mace
grenades remedies machine guns
you got everything you need right all
right and you're taking a blog camera
yeah all right you heard it here folks
and the boys gonna hang out a little bit
so we
we hit traffic and it's snow ween okay
so the real reason we came up was to
return justice ski goggles then I
brought my phone and canes I've had to
be fixed look at this thing
it looks so bad
okay so we came here because the place
that I called said they fix iPads in
like two hours
Kane's iPad is an iPad 2 and they're
like oh we don't fix these maybe you
know try the Apple Store I was like oh
don't want to go to the Apple store
they'll take more day you know more time
so I said he's gonna try and get it done
tonight if not he's gonna next a Eric to
me tomorrow this place is really cool
that lamp is awesome and clear where do
the stairs go yeah I know I wonder
what's up there this place looks like a
house I think there's couches way up
what we got going on here is boys night
and I never lets go look we got the new
rails on the steps feels a little safer
doesn't feel like you're gonna fall
so yeah it's nice you know we should do
we should have a race that's what we
should do i'ma ride this this is what
I'm good at riding yeah yep go hang on
hang on hang on Anna oh noes wanted
you look like a kangaroo
do it again dude yeah this is fine thing
on which is let's do ball versus face
okay so he did get the iPad fixed but
look at this glass okay and here's that
oh my gosh it looks so much better you
can slide it thick and everything is
free how was that still together well
glass is definitely falling out and like
I took the cup around if you want to
keep it a little way no I don't need
that I have to give it up to these guys
at the Cellular's a Polaris he skipped
two iPads just to fix pains so Keynes's
fix I'm getting him a new case because
the case is broken everything inside was
damaged he had to repair everything but
we got it fixed thankfully and I got my
old iPhone fixed so I can move that to
my mom
so they definitely hooked it up okay
guys it's really really slowly now
that's why I closed it we can get this
we're getting our toner this weekend pay
labels
here's gonna help us awesome buddy stay
right there
stay right there oh I'm so glad
so finance a song it's heard it all must
come to an end my friends let's go brush
our teeth with meat oh you think his mom
is now here you don't have to listen
daddy why is it that the older you get
you can't wait for sleep and the younger
you are can't you fly huh and when
you're young all you do is fight sleep
but at my age I can't wait to go to bed
I'm excited for bed oh you know big odd
big hug
not a little girly hug like you get me
here
these guys are liars he's gonna lay the
foot down start busting heads you better
get in bed listen darling listen to me
come on another blankies whoa you take a
hike you're a bad influence
Britney come on Britney come home won't
stop snow and no I don't know
really yeah that's awesome
all right I'm gonna end this thanks for
watching thanks for vlogging did you did
you blog I blog okay well I guess I'll
know because I've already edited it
Hector makes this sense I'm like falling
asleep I was in their land with cane I
love you guys
we're watching Chuck gonna end this vlog
thanks for coming along today and hang
out with Brit and I and we will see you
tomorrow don't forget to smile more
