what's up happy people I am stirring the
day oh man man stir on a serious note
yeah I'm delivering up a bunch of mail
you guys as usual crushed a smile more
store and we're just trying to cut all
full of your guys's orders I can't wait
to see you guys with these you know all
my viewers keep telling me we got to do
something for you oh I said you're the
reason that all the orders are going up
she's got to go through every every
single package yesterday you guys are
doing great
we love it though we love it every time
keeping the lights on in this place huh
see if this thing's finally working
closed sing really not working free car
washes I've never been out to get one
because it's always closed courtesy wash
closed you guys you know I love this
truck so much but it feels weird getting
that car yesterday and not driving it
I'm sorry I gotta take you guys on some
errands today I started with the post
office I got a run in and get buckets
for our store because we're running out
of boxes and they're falling apart and
we just need something a little more
stable so I got to take you along with
that if you if you hang out with me I'll
take you so basically what I need is you
guys sing today I put them in cardboard
boxes and I have to tape them because
the wind and the back of the truck
they'll blow out so I'm trying to get
some like tubs that I just fill orders
with put them in the bed of the truck
stop the tape every time
not that complicated really I'll make it
harder than it is
okay yeah this is way easier just get
home and Britt is working look at this
what about new recipe for potato soup
first itself come here baby
I've only been cutting stuff up for an
hour oh my god was this you get that of
a fish tank
Brittany pulled her net what this
morning when I was gone I don't know I
she has to move like a robot yeah you
are hey hey I'll be right back okay
hey fine I'm gonna go get Noah blue
circle I am dying to go get no itten
this he's gonna flip out
cannot wait couple features that I like
about the car right off the bat
nokey dokey at all all you do is touch
this whoo if you're watching my vlogs
for the first time then you're really
confused right now and why and how I
have this color okay one thing that I
know right off the bat this car does not
do the speed limit it's impossible
speaking with me it's like whatever the
speed limit is
just add a lot to that that's that's
where the car just wants to sit it just
wants to cruise way above every speed
it's got so many settings and different
things that you can change it's wild
what do you think dude
pretty cool you ready to go fast you
ready to feel the burn here you have to
vlog and we'll do the launch sequence
this car has a launch sequence II ready
but he's around roll bar so if you have
to lug what do I do
boy your face yeah hold it up like this
will be at 60 seconds will be at 60
miles per hour to point some seconds
ready ready
Hey
Keener's I did was only gone for like
one minute you miss me Wow miss Noah ah
so Noah's home we are back home and
Britney soup is ready I'm excited about
this Britney made her potato soup this
is her first try what do you think of
the first time ever China ever try try
and try it it's good it's good the white
part doesn't have that much flavor it's
mild you know why it's mild what because
she's actually making it for Veronica
and she can't have spicy stuff because
she's breastfeeding the baby other than
that how is it I think it's good it's
really good it's just kind of mild I
need some spices and kick like something
that goes boom I want more that my mouth
pepper
yeah pepper salt slow-motion death scene
it's been a couple hours we've went
through a couple hours
Britney ran over to deliver her homemade
soup no and I are here on our own
I think it's bratwurst on the grill what
do you think you don't want any no you
don't really like him do you
no all right well there's always cereal
dude it's just like meow to eat cereal
breakfast lunch and dinner I don't know
wait I don't know if that's it that's a
pathetic cereal drawer oh there's some
affair not really anything special
huh how was your little trip it was good
your coats on backwards how did you do
that
mom did it you that's right somebody
sent you that phone case with your face
on it that's a phone face phone face for
your iPhone let's scare mommy let's
scare mommy not scare her
yea-ah we tried ok I was gonna make
broth but Britney just showed up my
favorite a little personal digital I've
never had a personal desire it's got to
be just good I don't know that's what
I'm making now I see you in there I see
you in there
this looks like a comfy spot best seat
in the house raise your hand if you love
daddy I got one raise your hand if you
love daddy raise your hand just do it
yeah you do love me Dad and beg in front
of my viewers to beg you to raise it but
just breathe it this is the happiest dad
can be right here this is the best thing
ever
haha daddy gave me that come on yeah
all right buddy I'm a little burned out
cuz i overcooked them
they definitely cook differently than
the big ones cuz I like the crust soft
it's kind of hard I'm sure it's still
good
I think I landed on my phone oh no we're
good we're good
why must the Knights come to an end my
friends it's always bedtime there's
never enough hours in the day
mmm is we get to start over tomorrow
right how about we wake up super early
like 5:00 just before school get a few
hours well if you can drag my butt out
of bed tired my eyes are not unusually
opposite my body's always wired my eyes
are always tired that's right you sit no
you said your body was tired and your
eyes are awake what about you guys -
always that way my body's always ready
but my eyes are like that's how I am
every day you got it ah you've got that
song on almost hey I don't know how cane
man is just to get into my bed every
night watch TV get all comfy and then I
gotta carry your butt into your pirate
ship yeah ya do ya know I gotta get I
gotta get stricter with him so that he's
innocent
bed every night not my bed hey guys so
last night I started laying with cane
and I passed out I fell asleep so I woke
up this morning how to end the vlog for
you we will start tomorrow exactly where
we're leaving off right now we'll see
you tomorrow don't forget you big ol
happy smile on your face smile more
oh man what is this what is 2015 Nissan
GTR whoo I don't even know if to say man
look at this that right there that's
like it
