what's up my friends look at this
beautiful sunshine we got lucky
remember cuz yesterday you said it
wasn't going to snow and look even
though they were calling for snow all
day
that's right you're a riot you should be
what the first time ever you write
weather
anyway today is the day guys the wait is
over the car is ready if you didn't
watch a blog from about two days ago you
probably won't understand what's going
on but I am being gifted me and my
company's being gifted it it's really
really amazing
I guess my I explained it in and I vlog
a couple days ago so if you missed that
won't really understand what's happening
but uh we're on our way right now to get
it ready to do this yeah I'm so ready
but you take it take my phone for me
you're my assistant assistant to the
regional manager and we're back I
thought it would take longer for the car
to be ready but we're already back in
here play this OMG all right man what is
this hey what is 40 50 Nissan GTR whoo I
don't even know what to say man look at
this that right there that's like a
dream come true that's a dream come true
dude this is like the car you play in
every video game it is quite an
expansion all right show me this thing
red super rare regal red Brits already
sitting in there she's never coming out
now look
so this thing's fast huh pretty fiery
sixty about two in 2.6 seconds oh my
yeah my head is gonna blow it literally
feels like somebody's sitting on your
chest it really does it was quite a
piece this car will make you smile every
single day you guys know I love that
yeah okay take me to the track to drop
off me I really is the first time ever
driving a GTR you know it's funny about
this car is when I put up the ball prank
video that way and you guys saw that
Nissan picked it up and you saw Nissan
picked it up a lot of the comments were
holy crap Rowan's gonna get a GTR and we
all laughed about it like I was like
yeah right and then it's actually
happening on my mind is blown oh my gosh
it'll just ready to eat asphalt
we think think I'm in love it's crazy
you just gone soon as you press that
you're gone
whoo I don't say are you dropping me
back up the other I know what do you
think of the new car oh it's nice but
can I say right now it seems impossible
so it's been in a showroom for the
winter so when it went outside the tire
pressure changed so they're just fixing
that right now and then we're out of
here guys my mind is blown probably just
as much as yours this was all just talk
and then it came up I just want to point
out I don't want to use this as
inspiration to all of you when I
uploaded my ball prank I saw so many
comments that was like this is the
biggest waste of money
ever
why would you waste all that money I
just do what I love to to and things
come out of it make money is a byproduct
of what I do and sometimes things like
this just happened because you did
something you love to do so only is this
as inspiration to you guys no I did not
pay for this car no I did not buy this
car this car has been given to me as a
gift
and it's it's mine work it's not going
to hit me for a long time that this is
all happened because of the things that
I do I make videos on YouTube how do you
get to that level so just do what you
love to do no matter what it is but it's
videos on YouTube or no matter what it
is just keep doing what you love to do
don't worry about the money that's the
whole comes before you
all right so now I have a really good
excuse to clean my garage I mean it's
not that bad but I mean when you're
putting a car like this in your garage
you don't want a bunch of crap and hit
it and scratch it and I know I'm totally
under selling this car guys I'm beyond
excited I'm just in shock I really am in
shock over this whole thing I know it
sounds stupid to be so excited over a
car but it's like a dream car to me this
was way more than I can afford at the
time and it took every penny I had to
get that car it was it was my dream car
and this one is next level like it's
it's a whole different animal yeah I
don't want to make the whole vlog about
the car but it's a big deal to me and I
bring you guys as part of my life I
bring you into my life so I can't just
hide it I can't I can't hide how excited
I'm about this so I'm pumped and I'm
glad you guys are here to check it out
would even do with this stuff like this
is all box from my old house when we
moved out and it's there's a reason it's
still in the box
Ginga this could be fun but I'm sure
there's pieces missing that would be
really fun actually like random stuff
wires hats DVDs I don't know an entire
box of VHS tapes do you guys even know
what these are
does everybody know what these are VHS
tapes who remembers this that's crazy it
wasn't long ago to me but a lot of you
might not know what these are these are
getting old
so Brittany made her famous chilly cry
and I mean famous it can be smelled for
miles so much so my mom and dad are
joining us and you guys know you don't
have to do this right they're
workaholics this is where I get my
ethics from right here they just come
over and they work more they worked all
day and then they come over normal
that should be your motto work more I
guess my order oh don't don't don't dun
dun dun
a very little slimeball yeah you hang it
on tight
what really tight yeah
where'd he go there you go hmm that's
mine now
this is the rest of our night right here
we're going to be down here until the
Sun comes up working on orders
Brittany's on the computer side I'm
about to take out 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 12 13 14 15 boxes that one's huge of
just finished orders take them out and
take them early morning to the post
office for you guys and I'm just trying
to get caught up it's every day so I was
towing the semi out of the ditch a
couple days ago out and remember when I
had all this rope in the back of my
truck now it's frozen solid so funny
this is what I call family business
right here you got it alright bring it
over cane rings all the boxes to here
and I take them to the truck hey good
job man
you're the best
Eddie yeah you got it go put in a box
you got it you got it yeah good job man
so much help we're still still doing
orders from the 22nd you guys it'll be
at least another week I completely
underestimated the amount of orders we
would get but it's all good but I just
wanna let you know Kanis personally
putting the balls in the orders so it's
really cute he's been the biggest help
tonight but don't paint Meany hey I like
your hat we're to spend the night down
here tonight we had people here all day
working it's just not enough we're just
working working working working working
it's good it's all good problems to have
and we thank you so much for your
support by making these orders it's
awesome
she's sleeping all right guys it got
really late Britney and I just finished
up downstairs well I'm not finished
finished for tonight we got a huge crew
coming over tomorrow to slam the orders
out if you guys are still waiting on
your orders um you should be caught up
in the next couple days so you should
see an email that's saying your orders
being shipped I love you guys thanks for
all the support and love I can't wait to
take that new car out and do something
cool for the vlogs thank you for those
of you that you know support me and my
family no matter what no matter what we
do no matter what happens it's so cool
that you guys are here and we love
sharing our lives with you so we will
see you tomorrow
I think that we have passed officially
passed one solid year without missing a
vlog one solid year I think only one of
them days was like a two minute Florida
through my blog but other than that
we've never missed that uploaded every
single day for over a year I'm proud of
that I love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow
don't forget keeps
smile more guys
