don't-don't-don't and down what's up
Ohio hey buddy we are uh it's kind of a
snow day today it's trying to get these
roads clear it's actually turned into a
little bit of rain nasty old Ohio I like
um you drew these last night mm-hmm
we are picking up we're picking up mama
because you guys know in yesterday's
vlog the weather got bad so I actually
took her home so now I got to pick her
back up to go get her own car but the
weather is just as bad so Speed Racer
plankton he's awesome team of small more
guys is everybody that works at the
store thanks for sitting in the back
good morning
you ready climb into this thing it's
pancake time in the Atwood house thank
you mommy
is that a mouse major look I'm editing
the vlog at the same time that we eat
very productive morning and we're gonna
go maybe play in the snow no no nobody
wants plain snow I forgot kids nowadays
don't go outside and play
oh wow I don't know what just happened
but pain pain pain pain pain pain pain
can thanks I am fun
there we go we got the crazy boys behind
us
hey they flew off its gonna you guys
gonna be serious or not yeah hold on
hold on
nothing better than just throwing kids
office freaking MacGyver out here get it
done
hot chocolate um oh man
nothing's better than that that's cool
no a witness it's certain the rain we
can't live on hot chocolate all day
that's why we came over jess is because
she's killing it in the kitchen with
some homemade sketti what is this gonna
be spider-man I'm going to be a pirate
so now you give me pink knees all night
cuz I'm that let me see dude that's a
real pirate good job who wants their
face painted next BAM branch let me
highlight this food here those are
meatballs how do you make those I want
some here we go that's the best you've
ever had back home back home I think
they're hungry he wants these fish or
vultures no matter how much you feed
them they act like they're starving to
death they're kind of like dogs like a
big dog they'll just eat until they
explode okay here we go here we go I'll
put some food on
they're checking my fingers
so whenever I feed my fish that's when
the coolest things come out let me show
you some of these there's a hungry
starfish check him out
whoa he's like an alien
I know it's tentacles is a crab upside
down my camera focus on him come on
there is seal upside down oatmeal is
this where you put your laundry you just
dump it right off the balcony
I'm just throw your clothes on that
again every single time look around for
you every single time every time he
comes out of the bathroom so I made you
scared of me yeah one time I threw the
toothpick this blurry piece of junk wait
for
there we go all right now we can start
flying and it's always a wait like if I
ever have to catch something spur on the
boy can't it's blurry it's like maybe
that's what happens all them Bigfoot
videos you know you've never seen a
Bigfoot video where it's clear maybe
that's why we're using this can i dude I
love you sleep great what's it your
night you got Jeff one of us now
Clifford the Big Red Dog
hi buddy
hey feel a little wiggly but back here I
know your daddy's spot right this is my
spot yeah what are you doing in it don't
see well now look at me look at me nice
not
look at
this is why we buy a smart washer so it
doesn't work lock the door and then
unlock the door and then it lock the
door again we put this load in 30
minutes ago and I came in here it's dry
didn't even start you know why you got
to be smarter than the machine
what are you smuggling in here did you
bring those get this across the border
how's your tooth yeah oh that's loving
you it's asking you if you want it I'm
trying to quit
if you guys want the best response
anybody offers you anything like when do
I say it anytime somebody offers you
something like that you don't want to
say you got to drive it works every time
like Easter Bunny okay you want a water
no I got to drive everybody laughs cuz
it's so stupid I said that for a long
time it always works
so there's stupid jokes it always works
or I'm trying to quit hey man you want
some popcorn I'm trying to quit
gets a laugh every time it does trust me
you guys are gonna use it and you're
gonna see it works it sounds stupid
right now cuz it's out of contact I'm
telling you it when I'm on the stage in
front of 5 million people didn't
everyone's life mmm all right guys we
are gonna take off I'm supposed to get
the ciear tomorrow it's gonna happen
I have you know what's gonna happen
they're gonna finally say your car is
ready and we're gonna get this snowstorm
and not a little faith my friend not
getting snow
that's good be well kinda cuz I want
know it I want know that be out of
school all right who's ready for
playlist we're gonna be a playlist this
weekend so excited to see you guys there
and anybody wearing a smile more shirt
or a smile more anything we're gonna
hook up we're gonna hook up it's gonna
be surprised we love you we gotta go
it's mom or smama smama everything comes
in threes these four days I've been
telling you about something crazy that's
happening are you gonna tell him no no
I'm not gonna tell mama was here Mama's
here
