what's up my friends it's a beautiful
sunny day you know what we're doing
today give any idea we are getting rid
of all the balls yeah they're all good
 we're finally gonna get our garage
back I also want to point out everybody
talks about our red tinted windows or
pink tinted windows I promise you
they're regular tinted windows for some
reason the camera makes it red the pink
so I clears that up
ah yes my favorite part of the day
dumping money and to you guzzles it just
drinks it right up it's like this trucks
always really thirsty
so the semis here to pick up all the
balls but it's buried in the ditch three
gets to the ball I'm such a pain in the
butt all these people trying to get home
and there's a semi-truck in the middle
of the road stuck
right now we've got three different
trucks mine Dale's and his wife's truck
pulling this samaya here's Dale laughing
his butt off the semi is out it took
forever all the neighbors hate me and
we're gonna start loading this truck
it's finally going by boy
I'm taking my garage back it's my get
out of here guess what all the balls are
gone all the plastic balls are gone we
still got all the ones in your room yeah
but I got a garage again thank goodness
me and you guys will be happy now that
the balls are going to good use
I'm actually shipping them to Freddy W
and I'm sure that he's gonna make
something amazing with all those balls
and I'm gonna actually fly out to be in
that video now all right the ladies went
got pizza for us I don't even know where
to start
it's what time is it already 7:23 p.m. I
have not had a single bite or drink of
anything all day how does that happen
that's how fast I've been moving today
nothing not even the drop of water I've
had it here how is it amazing it must be
geez
nup disappeared with that plate
there's always a new gadget every time
Dale comes over what do you where do you
find all this stuff dude and you know
just RISM even the shirts awesome nailed
it oh alright so what is this it's a
sneaky spy pan this is an ultraviolet
ultraviolet also you write something
down totally
invisible unless you have the right
light UV light we just got it
I don't you know them nailed it
then when you use the magic UV ink ah
see smaller now you make secret messages
all right no one are gonna tempt
something now you guys know I'm a
handyman yeah you know that no I'm not
at all we're gonna why do I burp every
time I start blogging I sniff something
to do with the way I say things we're
gonna attempt to hang his minecraft
light up finally it's so cool to look
like at night hold it up over your bed
oh that's awesome
dude every time I turn this camera on
it's blurry
this is what happens every time I turn
it on but I have to fix it before each
clip this they are all right I don't
know I don't know if I was a timer on it
or it it's probably too bright like it
lit up obviously so I'm really ashamed
of myself
Dale my brother got me a stud finder
which runs up and down the walls but I
can't find it so we have to do the
old-fashioned way you know how to do
that knock on it that's right so find
the middle your business see if there's
a stud there oh that's a stud right
there but bad things be open on the back
on a kid's bed put your nails is here so
no one are trying to just hang this
which is going good it's going good
no one on ending on the bed no no okay
this bed just caved in on us Lee this
why are you guys testing my mini man
skill slam I got this I got this it's
nothing it's nothing
yes broke right here that was crooked
yeah so what so that needs to be strict
oh it's not even screwed in yeah why
does the bed even have a ribcage
like this I feel like I'm in a human
body right now my thing is why don't you
this bed needs taken apart move to the
spare room that's wrong no exactly no I
gotta get notice babies night
Noah's bed needs time in here so why
don't we leave it apart and rebuild it
in the next room
yeah what instead of wasting your time
now daddy you are on the wrong page
you guys are so against me I'm just
trying to keep that Kane's literally
been saving you're like with his hands
on it Kate you are my son
no you're a monocyte no no one is on
your side about rebuilding this bed
right now you know why we believe good
because nobody's on my side I can do
this
Kane's oh no no good night oh those
clamorous very blurry and the cameras
still blurry why is I don't know it's
been six seven more dollars on the
camera for everyone what is that for my
head dude
it's your dad your time I know how to
hang a little nightlight so we'll
definitely come check on you by noon if
you're not awake like those caramel
candy covered apples huh you all can
sleep outside with the sharks oh you can
sleep with me cuddled up all comfy like
a big teddy bear
yeah nothing no matter what I say no
okay well that's pretty cool that's
pretty awesome
okay so it's not sinner but that's
because your bed just needs to come over
because that's where the stud is let's
pack up the tools Hey turn a little is
this your toy yeah bag my tools to see
you downstairs I'm hard-working dad
hey it's bedtime for you
beanbags and balls his mommy in here she
is mommy's busted come on mommy
alright guys so I got the garage back
check it out it's still a mess but no
more balls finally put my poor little
blue car in here it's been out in the
snow now I just got to get steps alright
guys this is what I kept I ended up
keeping one bag full of the actual balls
we use for the prank for maybe some more
signatures for you guys or maybe you're
just going to go up into Kane's old
bedroom and a half bag so I kept one two
half bags and super cool thing Fred
Freddy Freddy W whatever you call him
from rocket jump I reached out to me and
we worked out a cool project so I'm
sending him all the balls and we are
going to do a video for his channel in
the next week or two so I'm going to fly
out and work with him
very excited about that I've always
loved his work I used to watch his
videos before I even had a YouTube
channel so it's like wow this is cool
for me other than that the store is
running good oh you have one final
reminder if you ordered on the 22nd I
see a lot of comments that your order
still hasn't went out guys we had so
many orders I asked that if we could get
a couple weeks to get these out so if
you haven't got it
no worries they're working night and day
on these babies and you're gonna get it
so I'm excited for you to get alright
guys you remember how I told you days
ago that something crazy was happening
like I don't know to me it's crazy it's
gonna be crazy to you too it's finally
happening tomorrow I'm gonna feel so
dumb if it doesn't but I'm almost 100%
it almost has to happen tomorrow that
being said it's going to be a cool vlog
tomorrow
the inspiring and crazy and who is that
well if you guys will see you tomorrow
thanks for watching thanks for the love
don't forget
