what's up my friends how are you I hope
you're doing great I know I'm getting
repetitive with this positive push on
you guys but I'm not going to stop doing
it because I know there's at least one
person watching right now that could be
lifted up and put back on track in their
life and I'm going to push this forever
because I truly believe in it and I want
you guys to change your lives and think
positive be positive your life will be
so much better that being said let's
kick some ass today guys make it count
make it count make today count alright
I'm done I'm done for the day let's go
get Noah it's picked up my man how you
doing buddy
awesome we booked our trip it's official
we are going on vacation dinner you
ready
we only got tomorrow we'll be seven days
so we have eight days left yesterday you
text me and said we D I messed up I
messed up that's why you pay attention
in school that's why you focus yeah we
are gonna have a friggin blast where
we're going I feel like I should keep it
a surprise like I always did yeah I know
I said all right our new merchandise is
done guys you know we're here to pick it
up hope you like it I think it's cool
do you know what it is you don't know
what the new stuff is oh snap well then
you can tell me if it's good or not he's
I pulled up to the wrong dock so we got
to move knows taking a little ride he
thinks he's hiding right now over does
it rain man that's it yeah thank ya
definitely need to get home it is not
looking that pretty out last thing I
need is a bunch of wet merchandise left
these debt shelves in here from
yesterday to trying to beat this weather
that's so weird
all right just got back home trying to
put the mailbox in I told you guys that
when I did my ball prank video the semi
truck driver ran over my mailbox and
knocked it out and filled the whole side
to get a new one all right I got a
pretty good start on this baby look at
this this thing works great see that
that's a nice looking hole right there
boys
well it's not the best but it's not
moving just got back and I hey I got the
mailbox up I'm turned into a handyman
guys I know was trying to have a friend
spend the night tonight um but it's not
having much luck whoo
what are you getting
heck y'all grill it all right guys so I
want to show you one of the new products
that's going up on the store I think
we've had this before but different
print
and Noah's folding them all but they're
camo smile more shirts I like him a lot
check these out huh all shirts I've ever
told in like 230 so far 230 shirts
already that's awesome dude they're
definitely a lot different than normal I
like oh and Veronica's back she's back
working the store she's been killing it
for last I don't know two weeks or so
two weeks she's back on her feet after
having the baby so that's really good
for everybody but no no was saving up
his money for that iPod so he's just
he's just been working child labor its
finest I mean really setting the bar up
high about to have a killer dinner my
mom stopped by
we got chase and his boys here what up
guys yo yo yo hitting up that super
marvelous macro smash I'm doing my usual
fired up the grill and we are about to
cook a lot
every pot who's ready to eat with us we
got a lot of chicken here alright there
we go there we go this is my favorite
part adding that barbecue sauce getting
it all sugary glaze ewwww
mmm so I'm talking about I've got to
leave a cup of plain for the kids you
know ya know
whoa look at that that's like a barbecue
commercial right there you guys missed
it Oh everyone can smell the food
tonight man my dad showed up this is
just gonna be the night to remember
look at this I wish you get smell
through the camera it's unbelievable
these rolls that's what I've listened I
know look we got Carson's run around
with 100 it's it's inside out he's
actually does something that's my dad's
offering cane candy don't be a chicken
yellow okay come here get it oh my god
it's you
you got those squad on you now you just
stirred up the Beehive and Africa pick
up an out your rooms finally coming
together it's awesome man I'm skipping
past a little bit of our hangout time
with family and friends and no it does
no bedtime no you never have to go to
sleep I actually don't care to go
tonight cuz I want this day to be over
we can build that tomorrow just a bit a
little sand yes
we're gonna zit dude you're so wired
don't make me at the electric shocker
so how much money do you have if I work
an hour tomorrow Oh
220 dollars that's a lot of dollars
you've been saving a long time for this
thing so just wake up and work this work
your little first we'll never up so I
might as well crunch it out so
technically the 16 gig
you have enough for or you will have
enough for tomorrow it's it's but you're
gonna it's 216 dollars because you get
taxed yeah might be a little hair a hair
more I know you're gonna be dreaming all
night of this thing but that's good man
that's what makes you work for things
you want you know find something you
want to make sure motivate you a little
bit I love you all right
the fun part after having people over
cleaning oh I know what I want to show
check this out the arm you guys know I
like to take the guns out and blow stuff
up the company that I bought those from
seeing my vlogs and they said they're
gonna ship me a bunch of them and they
did check this up give a little shout
out here check these are the ones that
you guys remember the vlog where we put
this inside the big big trash can up I
that's what this is check this one off
imagine the power of that that one
disintegrated everything we put it in
this is gonna shake shake the earth it
actually is called the earth shakes
that's probably what triggered it in my
mind so yeah we're about to plan a fun
day
look at how moon sent me like 20 20 of
these yeah you can shoot one I'll be
sick
good night Cain daddy loves you it's so
goofy Wow that is going to do it on
today's vlog pretty quick today I have a
feeling just hung out just hang out
how's a day the day in the life of the
outlets
all right guys yep that's all I got for
you today I got nothing I'm gonna
sitting there thinking like that's a
good question for you guys or but I just
don't have anything I hope your day is
awesome I hope tomorrow is even better
and we will see you then it's supposed
to be really nice here so we're gonna
try to get the kids up there something
fun that is house a little bit
do you guys tomorrow thanks for watching
all your love and support spa this is
all fish game
watch watch you watch him cake
