what's up my friends I am NOT well
Britney got up at about 5:00 a.m. this
morning
her sister is finally having the baby so
she's at the hospital Kane and I are
headed there now
what's up buddy we're a little out of it
I'm not gonna lie I'm probably not gonna
feel much because I just don't feel like
it's my place to do that so I'll take
you along as much as I can
are you ready me too Wow should've
washed your face before we left
daddy stinks
something kind of cool about today I've
never missed one of their kids births
and this is actually where me and
Brittany first ever saw each other was
at this hospital hey this is where me
and mommy met for the first time ever
that's the whole reason you live on this
earth right now he has no idea what that
means
hey are you awake five how's the baby
beautiful I can't wait to spoil her even
more than sure our kids yeah our spoiled
rotten brats well that was awesome the
baby is super healthy and beautiful and
mommy's doing good
everything's great and I was telling the
viewers that we met at hospital I know I
was in the waiting room all day that I
instantly but we never we never ever
talked we just saw each other you know
I've always wanted to know who was the
first guy to crack an egg open they come
out of a chicken's butt and just heated
it up and cooked it who was that guy it
had to happen somebody had to do it
first
Cain do you know where chicken eggs come
from where chicken but it's starting to
melt stomp on it oh you splattered me
yeah there we go
a little more this way push it push it
can has pushed all these boxes over all
by himself all new orders going out we
gotta load the truck up good job man
it's that time dropping off tons of
small more orders for you guys I know
you're all waiting desperately not
desperately patiently that's the word
I'm looking for
and we're just trying to kill it for you
so we came out Brittany went out and got
all the paperwork for the kids passports
today and we're going that we had it
it's it's a big schedule for us to get
these passports because like Noah me and
his mom have to be there sign off on the
passports so it's a big ordeal getting
us all done and we're almost there and
we called just to call and they say they
close at two o'clock for passports the
post office is still open
they don't do passports past two what a
joke I like those hours to apply now
what now what are we going to do
god forbid we drive five feet
remember yesterday's vlog that's telling
you guys about this awesome crazy thing
that's supposed to happen
I think it's falling through today I
want to get in what's your big yeah it's
for to put lots of stuff in that's
actually a big car it's got double
double trouble
looks like human bones horseradish
it's a horseradish root I've never seen
that before oh my god
okay so just got back home I'm still so
bummed out about this thing I want to
blog for you guys it's just not
happening
I'm torturing them it's torturing me way
worse
he ain't telling me they won't believe
me anyway
hey let's start some fast steaks on the
grill it's snowy and cold but that
doesn't mean we can't grill you come
help me
you better call out me if these steaks
from a local butcher look at these
things they're massive they're amazing
Wow not talking to you this thing is
ridiculous
another beautiful Ohio sunset that is
really pretty
except for the trees in the way
all right how's this one cook to
perfection
yeah I remember I got a cut all my
pieces oh yeah I know I know
you always say it's good when I turn off
the camera come on is that the best
thing ever is it we didn't like an
Eskimo with that hood on no I keep the
heat on once a week in here all right
here's the big dog this is crazy crazy
crazy owning your own business like you
guys see us having fun running around
who can off but behind the scenes like
what you don't see in the blog is this
right here well I only close it's just
see so this it's just us on computers
tons of paperwork running a company the
small more store is officially a company
and it's Brittany's hair stir
lucky you're still so young because I'm
getting a lot of Grey's yeah oh it is
gonna be a little old lady me just like
mama
is this your night Kayne No
Curious George on the iPad plants for
zombies on the TV you got all your
buddies here
it's your game night when he's living my
life tonight you see this please he's
like all right um I'm gonna work no
problem I got this man my last two days
of vlogging I was expecting like the
craziest coolest stuff and it's been a
big disappointment I feel like I'm
letting you guys down I'm really bummed
about it and I just realized tomorrow's
trash so I got tons of it
so yeah let's take out trash I'll be
done in like one second vlog time
alright one corner down looks so much
better you got lots of room now
I've been making space down here all day
this place is really filling up
you wanna see what's in here really oh
this really probably isn't gonna be
special to you guys but it's kind of
cool for me
Brittany found it
and of course it's backwards yeah is
there shark in here
so I got this for something I was given
and I just thought it'd be really cool
so I'm gonna show you what it's for but
is it Roman okay so hang on stay there
yeah okay then you know that I did some
pranks for Gibson guitar and I took my
dad to the Gibson guitar factory where
they gave him a brand new guitar from
the factory there's one of the coolest
things I've ever done for my dad it was
a huge surprise actually it's on the
vlog Channel but when I did the pranks I
pulled a prank with a Gibson guitar that
he destroyed and broke and destroyed all
the strings or mangled the whole thing
has been Reece crude back together but
they put a plaque on it thanking me for
pulling pranks the 2014 of them so I
bought a little wall mount that you just
hang up on the wall for my office like
this but Brittany was like why don't you
get a case that you can hang on the wall
so look how awesome this is yeah this
looks way better than hanging out on the
wall check that out the actual guitar
used in the prank what you know I'm
gonna have some pretty sick memories one
day you know what I'm done Frankie I'm
gonna give all this stuff away look at
that
so these go you hang that long than
these go under it it's big yeah that's
big great one for the collection right
here you know what happened was I got my
second gold button and it inspired me
I've never hung anything up my buttons
are sitting dusting and I was like I
want to start I know there is no office
it's just a storage room so now I'm
gonna start decorating and hanging stuff
up I have so many cool things that most
people be so proud of and I just set
them in here so gathering our fan mail
for an upcoming mail vlog couldn't help
notice this giant box check this out
somebody sent us a sword like a real
metal sword the cool thing is they put
smile more in it that's sweet Cameron
Aaron you got your own sword uh-huh yeah
dude cool so this is definitely gonna go
up in the office to smile more sword
hey come downstairs come on come on come
in the vlog with me daddy's me all right
guys forgive me for this this this this
vlog I that's I have such cool stuff
plan it's all just going to crappy it
will happen that's the good thing that's
the only good thing about it is it will
happen
it's just when is the problem either way
today was really set for all work almost
no place so it was two guys probably
pretty painful to make it to this point
yeah so I'm gonna end the vlog we got a
we got we got big stuff tomorrow and I
can't I'm not like any promises because
I'm letting you guys down we love you
thanks for watching and always smiling
we will see you tomorrow
that's it just a wave right yep
