got sunshine the dead boys what's up my
friends I hope your day is awesome I
hope you're having the best day ever I
want to start today's vlog to kind of
level with you guys hear me out about a
couple of things I just want you to know
that we all have problems maybe you're
struggling school or family issues or
money issues or you know there's so many
things that can go wrong in a day I
personally woke up to a little guy a
Prius
knocking on my front door with a stack
of papers summoning me to court on May
5th because my ex-wife
Noah's mother wants more money how
convenient
what good timing that she comes out and
says she wants more money funny thing is
my ex-wife has a guy living with her for
multiple years now who's never had a job
and I think at the end of the day I'm
just paying for him because we all know
damn well I'm paying for my son I got my
poor son Noah coming to me telling me
this guy just eats all the food in the
house and sits around playing video
games all day that's the kind of
influence my son is seeing when he's not
with me
so yeah it's a little irritating she
wants money from me when he's supposed
to be providing okay all right so I'm
headed up right now to meet my lawyer
and deal with that one problem at a time
I've also got my car insurance my
homeowner's insurance telling me that I
am too high-risk of a price turn to
cover me so they want to drop me they
won't cover me we all have our own
problems guys the best thing we can do
is to one problem at a time
solve it slap a smile on our face and
keep moving
never never never worry too much because
worrying is never going to change the
outcome just keep moving forward smile
take
I love you guys thanks for being here we
can we get through any problems together
you and I so enough about me let's keep
moving
had to run into the store there's
nothing worse than forgetting deodorant
I always forget deodorant this is what I
get
right here no last time I blogged about
forgetting deodorant I saw a lot of
comments that say you don't wear
deodorant I think it's mainly a u.s.
thing I don't know if everyone around
the world I can be totally wrong but I
feel like here in the u.s. you you wear
deodorant like that's that's something
that you do but maybe it's just me
all right guys you just got to my
lawyer's office I'm not gonna bring my
camera in because that would just be
after so many different levels so yeah
see in a second one second and I'm out
of they're headed to get my plates guys
so I'm not driving around
I've been driving illegal for like the
past well since I got back from LA if I
get pulled over it's it's game over it's
big tickets pushing this car all right
guys I'm kind of working over to finally
get my fro busted here thanks for the
pizza man haircut and pizza it's a deal
what's up how you been good
busy as all get-out now it warmed up to
our blistering
40 degrees in Ohio I uh feel so good
here but um yeah man I'm a mess look at
this Shh
it seems like I was just here but it's
been a month all month and a half all
that's good some math that's for let
your grandpa are you gonna draw me right
there yeah it'll give me something to
watch while I get my haircut
make it good that's my head yeah that's
what my head looks like why don't you
guys tell me my head look like that I
can't believe it all right that's me
what's what's in my mouth a cactus know
that my tongue yes spin yeah I like my
hair dude he nailed it
good job are you proud of your son I
think you did a really good job he does
do a good job he's only six months old
give him a break you the only guy that
brushes me with a broom dude good you
should see your back is it work it works
so good that it feels good everywhere
thanks for drawing me dude I should pay
you more than your dad so good it's so
warm oh just got home Brittany made
spaghetti don't care what anybody says
this stuff is good whoa smack in my butt
come here
you better get over here that's it
that's it nobody runs from me ah you
just take a nice bath you don't smell
like poop no more yeah yeah what a day
what a day what a mighty good day all
this world is dog-eat-dog people it is a
brutal world out there doesn't matter
you just keep moving you just keep you
just keep moving you just keep going you
smile and you say f it this is my
relaxing spot right here this is where I
go to just forget about life mm-hmm this
is where I go to just forget about
everything here
I know today seemed like very quick day
but I spent most of the time in an
office yeah
is that your Hulk voice yeah you're just
getting so violent what's that we just
brought the we down here leave this I
remember how when we moved in this house
I was like I love how there's no wires
it's just a TV now we've got everything
just stacked up it's I don't know it's
getting pretty messy perfect time just
sit down play some games with these guys
my heart could use a little break today
I didn't break your heart I said my fart
no little comfy gills did you look so
comfy in there look at this bed you're
gonna you're gonna sail off to sea
tonight
all he does is hit me now hey putting it
he gets it from you for meeting me I
love you come on hug I mean I I'm gonna
stay in here and make sure he doesn't
escape hey hey guys is actually the next
day it's crying day if you're watching
this when I uploaded it I want to come
on here in the vlog today because I
don't like to bring a lot of negative
energies into these walls and I felt a
little surrounded by that yesterday and
last night so I want to get some sleep
wake up on fresh start and then send you
guys a positive message and when you in
this vlog I hope that you feel better
than you did before you watch the vlog
so last manage I just wasn't feeling it
so free there's no harm foul start fresh
right now I also look ridiculous and
give you guys something to laugh at
good morning my socks fell off my head
yes Lilly daddy guess what Kate's doing
that's crazy that you can play you can
you can play though the Wii without
being on the TV like as long as it's one
player you just play on this thing
where's well I mean I get that but
that's wild I keep thinking like what is
he plan okay my friends I am gonna end
it here I think I like doing the vlogs
this way because tomorrow's vlog will
start exactly here so when you watch
them together it'll just be like one
long video I don't know you need help
okay hang on we love you guys thanks for
all the love and support and keep a
smile on your face no matter what it's
it's it's it no matter how big your
problem is it can be fixed and you're
going to get through it so I love you we
will see you tomorrow
smama hey that's just as good as we're
getting how is school man also I missed
you so I thought we do a lot of like
family projects together with the kids
and crafts are you
