it's a snowy Wonderland what's up
everyone
he came is cooking breakfast hope you
guys like bubbles are these bubble
pancakes bubble cookies bubble waffles
one of these bubble butts it's snowy
baby
it looks nice the roads are clear no and
I are gonna hang up a little bit get
some US time Brittany and keen or eating
bubbles for the rest of the day see
those bubbles - there's a rainbow right
there so we don't know what we're doing
yet but we just gonna hang out I don't
remember the last time you and I had
dinner together just me and you
one - one of our favorite spots our
favorite joints perfect spot let's do it
mine oh how you don't how you did we're
in big trouble look at there's fries
ready ready dig it give this
yeah I think so I don't know who's older
at this table Noah dad
we're both sharing one chicken finger
Mila yeah
splitting chicken fingers didn't finish
her fries and she's kicked to go
that's what that's with dads and kids to
Finland yeah Finland is way colder than
this at least when I was there are you
full now yeah yeah you gotta be doing
eat all your food on didn't even eat all
my food
we got another stop no and I are both
desperate for some new socks so we're
gonna go get new socks pretty exciting
huh I don't think you can ever have
enough sauce they just disappear it's
like the washer eats them eventually one
day you have them and the next day you
have 10 mismatched sauce that's the
Sowers it's like it's the Dumb and
Dumber uh the Dumb and Dumber tucson's
pajamas that's hilarious
I've never ever in my life coming to a
store and only bought socks and
underwear for every size kid me you and
can you know Caine's got to have these
yeah I was even getting underwear but
look he's gonna flip feet he's gonna
want every peril on at the same time
have some snow curbs
I love this truck just ran in the shoe
store now I found the exact shoes that I
wear which are just the converse pure
blacks the best cheap shoe in boiled
what Nazis solid black I should get a
new pair with you we rockin new on a
pretty beat is the same one but it is
like goes out yeah
oh you put your camera what are you
doing just got out for no reason
careful you don't trip on this so they
can talk to the aliens it's too long
antennas what about me oh they probably
got some type of CB radio in there what
all fun must come to an end I had to
take note to his mother's one of the
hardest parts of my week is uh handing
him over half the week but that's life
that's my life no reason to cry over
spilled milk
what up boss man down at Dan at dad and
it then it Dan it dad let me see that's
cool yeah I had to come over and help
Ricky with the shipping stuff because we
had a fiasco but everything's good
everything's pretty yeah yeah everything
will be out hey Sam
well there's a lot sticker getting
pretty common right now to be pulling
all my helpers out of my driveway think
about a perfect I guess it's pretty
snowy out here another successful pull
out there next time Park in the woods
hit
hmm driving through my yard huh hey you
gonna help me hey you gonna help me get
balls not gonna not gonna help me Batman
ya know you better get over and help me
boy be balls inside of cells that's
right guys time to work these balls
gonna be the death of me
so I told you guys these are the actual
balls from the prank so some of them are
squished some of them are perfect and
some of them are just downright dirty
look at all the dirt cuz the day the day
we filmed this it was mutt it was
raining Saturday now I won't send this
one this one's gonna stay or I just wash
it off yeah that's what someone smart
would do thousands more on the trip I
know time unsigned what's your signature
it's an X yeah he's Kane signed it all
right I think you guys will know if you
get the ball and Kane signed it that's
for sure
here there's Britney signature yours
this how do you get it that fine it's
just this markers new let me see mine
look how fat and ugly mine is and then
I'll hear her is it's like perfect Katie
in the samisen
we've mastered this ready Kade yeah
let's do it
no more bending over I got an automation
system I call automation you probably
call it child labor yeah all right
that's one go go go good job
imagine the message we just dump these
that's not gonna happen tonight I'm
gonna sign this ball all right guys
we've worked into the night a little bit
it's actually 12:30 in the morning and
we got to go to bed something really
incredibly awesome is happening tomorrow
and I can't wait to show you and explain
it to you and ha ha ha Kanan is so late
let's go
no you must it later we love you guys
thanks for all the love and support
today we will see you tomorrow for
something mind-blowing smile more the
inners Lee
