Quorra
you ready to go are you ready to go
mommy oh wow
you're not ready can you ready oh yeah
Noah ready to go all right let's do it
welcome to the vlog guys we're taking
off we're out of here bags are packed I
don't know what is actually I didn't
know what I don't know if that is this
isn't the worst sound in the world today
because we're all going together usually
it's just daddy suitcase rolling to the
door but today we're all out of here
that must be yours game
look out okay daddy's mommy's know is
this yours
oh no babies babies daddies film stuff
you got it you got the film gear get it
my little emperor penguin carrying his
egg watch yesterday's at the end of
yesterday's vlog we pretty much
announced that we are taking a gigantic
Atwood / Smith family trip and it's
gonna be awesome now it's playing Tetris
getting everything up in the car
Britney's they can be biggest stroller
like I don't understand how that's gonna
work you guys mean we got to leave rainy
Ohio are you sure you want to are you
sure yes Cora so I don't know what's
going on ready to go she says I will
follow you guys wherever you go she's
loyal hi buddies I'll see you soon I'll
see you soon ma'am I'll see you soon
little guy all right everyone will be
here take care you guys have fun this is
it what do you guys forget indoor shot
and we'll start a list of things we
forgot did you get fed the whole time I
got cores bed I got yeah we're good you
forget anything
oh we got the kids I think that's all we
need let's go goodbye gray clouds it's
been nice seeing you it's been nice
knowing you but we also came and say we
have pizza dude this kid these kids
they're so excited I haven't seen Kane
you this excited in a very long you were
amped today even last night he went to
bed right on
perfect cuz he said he wants to go sleep
so that we believe we have some fun man
oh here this is it welcome to your
vacation we're in a parking lot
today's especially awesome because Korra
was nice enough to get us our own
private plane
you know it's her it she did it
everybody think Korra she's like I'm
just trying to sleep it's a special trip
because Korra got the hook up for us
when Korra was born wheels up you guys
know we've worked with them in the past
they have a private airline company they
reached out to us and they said when
Korra flies for the first time we want
to help you guys make it epic we want
you guys to have the best flight ever so
thanks to Korra today we have an awesome
plane that's gonna take us on our trip
thanks Cora she's like I don't even care
I just want to sleep let's do this we
got a lot of luggage to bring in waiting
to hug yeah all right you guys ready to
rock and roll all right let's do it
sorry mom yeah it's a super cool your
first time yeah oh it's a little flying
it's Indiana Jones dude hop on in little
dude here we go this is sweet do you
think Cora this your first flight ever
guys ready to rock let's go keep your
hands inside the vehicle at all times
and I will see you see you soon
we like lying with you yeah I like
flying with you
the outward family and their private
plane means our powers combined yeah all
hold hands please
there we go boys we're taking off
love all them great clouds what the Sun
here comes
we need that Island right there hello
that little while we need
we're lagging boys
we're parking be parked welcome to the
beautiful sunny ready I got you your
shoes are untied you're just asking for
it guys we have made it I gotta take a
huge thank you so much to I think we
could all just say thank you and thank
you and thank you for that that's even
small that's a puddle jumper to show
some love back guys please please I'm
gonna link their Instagram on the top of
this video please they're gonna post a
picture of us as a family I would really
appreciate just love it like it smash it
for them show them the thing they
deserve for hooking the family up and
allowing us to do that it's way out of
our league for one step closer you boys
did amazing Cory you did amazing -
country stop acting up all right we are
the last group out of the family
arriving here for vacation so we're the
last ones to get here so we're excited
to get there meet up with everyone I'm
sure they're already having a blast
women playing
oh my gosh it feels so good to be back
here like this is our spot we're trying
to plan where we're going we always fall
back to this but it's one of our
favorite places to go as a family we're
here it's always a lot easier on the
vlog to get here it's pretty chaotic
getting in and out of everything but
we're here we're excited
are you serious mom same rooms last year
oh is it crazy well it's kind of like
our second home now
this is guys if you watch the vlogs for
a while guess we could probably trick
you and make you believe that this is
our place like hey we're just I don't
know I just feel bad cuz we've been in
this room like this is our party it's I
just went to ask and they were like
smells like fish doughnut the room is
toxic like be okay with it
but it's so bad so they just gave us a
new room we're just moving rooms Kane
this was our room but maybe we're after
the fish maybe after the fish leaves we
can I bet there's some stuff up one of
that couch it's most guys were here
first
I bet chase and these guys did it so you
got to get to the island you got to go
get to the island by the time we
actually get settled in and all their
bags are in and the swim trucks are on
the Sun is it's fighting us it's about
to go down it's always enough time to
get in that water though go for it go
for it you got to want it who are
exactly like Daddy I'm the same way I'm
like a cat when it comes to water it
takes me subtle Estes the ocean I'm
right in in the ocean some reason with
pools takes me a while everybody beat us
that tan says you're lying how was it
bought he's a great member when we did
the video going to have to reenact it
you did crack your head open here right
here on this wall great memory ah yes
the beautiful Caribbean water so
everybody's about to sit down and eat
I'm gonna go eat too but I had to walk
out your cane finally got into he's so
cold I had to walk out here and just
look at this before that Sun goes there
I'm it is beautiful is that your Sando
Sando flage I missed it so much I love
the
place I love it what's up vine can
always find people around the dinner
table Brian yeah I got some stuff in the
room that needs fixed it's also a fish
smelling room ten thirteen or so I'm off
duty Cora's passing out after she's been
popping bottles
I fought Brittany literally I'm bringing
the stroller and she demanded that we
bring the stroller because she said not
only will she better ride in this but
she'll be out of sleep and I said no way
here she is passed out in her stroller
and I look like it I'm already full died
to eat my words you were right like the
biggest thing we could overall there is
a scene of us filming at the table right
there asking Cain if you would want a
baby sister yes now here we are at the
same place with little Cora is that
crazy okay you rocking it three two one
for the record it was Brian's idea he
said get your camera I said okay I got
one
you like you hide in your hiding spot
who's looking for you
Dale a family game night we're playing
bingo g54 that's me
g54 Oh bingo I think I'm gonna need you
to confirm this think we got a winner
my photo album for you of 15.99 you want
one playing little bingo with the family
and fun he's gonna take it verse 1 to 7
win Britney's playing my cards legally
oh yeah here we go let's get comfy nice
and warm
babe good first half day yeah
everybody's tired worn out now we have
to pretty much settle in you don't stop
unpacked that takes a long time yet this
little crib it's that's kind of cool we
brought our own bed so for today that is
our vlog there's a DVD player okay all
right I'm all at Britt now no one wants
to watch the Caribbean pirate of the
Caribbean
apparently the Caribbean Caribbean is it
Caribbean or Caribbean Caribbean or
Caribbean that is our vlog for today
guys thank you so so much for hanging
out with us thank you for going to
wheels-up Instagram and smashing the
photo that they're gonna post of us we
need some love on it and we will see you
tomorrow you're absolutely beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
