what's up my friends I'm guessing that
my day is starting differently from
everybody else's in the entire world
actually yes it definitely is I am
bringing a lot of these balls into my
house so that I can sign them and during
that video the ball prank video
we broke my steps so it's just a big
pain than that yeah pull take them all
the way in I don't know how many fits in
that bucket
don't guess there's gonna be about a
hundred of those buckets that I have to
bring you can just draw something just
color on it yeah that's perfect
whoever gets this ball is gonna be so
happy that's Cain's signature right I'll
let me sign my name on it
yeah here hold the camera
sure
i sub any of you guys get any balls with
scribbling lines just know that Kane
personally did that he's having fun
doing it
Kane I think this one's an instant
classic buddy okay we got the hustle
going on downstairs we've already signed
750 balls and the first one is going out
right now who's what's the name
who's the lucky the lucky cat of course
the name I can't pronounce not even
gonna try first balls for now huh you
now to say that
one is uber I I try to be all excited
about the first one I can't oh yeah yeah
I can't show the address anyway we've uh
we've signed 750 and we're not even a
quarter of the way done how you feeling
hmm you know it's about time when you're
holding it up yeah you're talking to her
that she starts just going crazy users
can yeah she's like stop freaking
talking I want to let you guys know that
I know it hasn't been a long but I'm
already working on my next prank and
this one you guys know I produce big
content like when I when I do put up a
video it goes pretty big and I have a
another good feeling that this is a big
hit so be patient with me it's
definitely a it's not on Britney it's
not anything like that so no worries to
the words baby I got some Tara night for
tomorrow I got a bunch more than that
but that's just happens to still be
sitting in the car so we're gonna blow
them up slow down dude
I'm gonna blow some stuff up in
tomorrow's vlog hopefully it's fun take
a book oh man
throw a stack of books at your friends
and you could be like dad step into my
room your mega office I never liked
glass because you always got to clean it
and the Kate you can see all the cables
on the floor you know I mean no one I
had to stop and get supplies for the
store as you guys know by these vlogs
it's about impossible to keep up with
all the stuff we need to run the store
it's it's way more than just having the
merchandise it's having all the things
that go with it envelopes and the
littlest things labels for printing and
paper and it's crazy it's crazy man
in
new table back home it's an absolute
madhouse between kids and store it's
Pizza time everyone's coming up for
pizza
it's exciting group of people right now
I know it's rough they're hard day our
days work especially for this guy he's
been doing all the work son he signed
250 balls today that's a lot
Wow Noah's turn you ready son so hmm
Yin do a bunch we got a lot to do man
I'm not even kidding
Ellen squeezing oranges please hold it
down for him okay you got it
huh squeeze buddy squeeze it like his
heart he's it like his heart oh yeah
what's your finger body gotcha did you
get your finger out
are you okay boy
lifting off the ground no it was a
little game station this has got even
this ridiculous game I've ever seen you
play he's a goat and he's had some type
of tanks tied to his back but up OH
Oh
ah you know what I really need help with
I need your help and I need your help
and I need your help I want to open that
box that box
careful it's heavy it'll fall on you
good job I don't know what it is let's
take it in there slide it
oh I think it just meowed okay this is
for all of us we okay god this house is
true can you hold this for a sec alright
you guys think it is you don't know
could be a shark in here yeah do you
think there's it's go back over there
something bad whoa the top you mom okay
I hear the shark I can hear him it's our
gold button guys for our vlog Channel
good job everybody thank you guys this
is definitely um I mean because you guys
we got this guy 1 million subscribers oh
my god let's ship him to YouTube semi
butts too big no ax it wasn't
all right put some stamps on there
so we finally got it I've been really
waiting for this for a long time because
when you when you hit a million
subscribers as if that doesn't take long
enough then you got to wait for the
process to get the button and that I
mean we're at like almost 1.6 million a
saw whoa I'm excited when you think of
that do you know why we got this it is
real gold really really like if Pirates
came to our house that's what they would
take for sure oh I'm guessing that it's
like a chunk of old rusty steel and
there's a very thin coat there's a very
thin coat of gold on there but I don't
know we could salt in half if we sawed
it in half
oh sure you two would be thrilled so now
we've accomplished two giant buttons and
they're going right here I haven't hung
the first one ever I've had it for a
long time but I never hung it and I have
a house not a hanging in so I'm gonna
I'm gonna put them right here
give him a hug we just skip past some
time with both boys head showers and and
Britney just cut canes here need to
spike it up let's go it's bedtime and
I'm leaving I'm leaving I'm leaving but
there is one problem with this room if
toys get in here you may never see him
again
you don't never find them again and
imagine landing on this guy's all run
dead okay I'll see you tomorrow you're
gonna go shooting with me big guns up
love ya you me how see in the morning
you hit my OC but with Sybil my mouth
alright guys I bet that I'm ending my
night different than anybody else in the
entire world so I did the math earlier
this bucket holds about 250 balls on
average it takes me 30 minutes almost
exactly to sign this bucket I have to do
over 4,000 balls so it's about seven
eight hours give or take not that bad I
mean like something it's not that bad
something listen to stop so for those of
you that don't know I told everybody in
my vlog that on the 22nd if you placed
an order on the small more story you'd
received one of these sign so uh yeah
that's not going on right now so just on
the 22nd maybe some on the 23rd I think
I'll hook the 23rd up too but uh yes not
going on now so don't get confused it
was for the 22nd not now all right guys
there's another bucket done my signature
is definitely getting better as I go
compared to the first I'm gonna end the
vlog because this is what I'm due for
the rest of the night plus edit this
vlog thanks guys
thanks for everything this is amazing um
we'll see you tomorrow we're gonna blow
some stuff up that should be fun
thanks again guys I'm speechless all the
time because you guys so thank you stay
tuned for the new prank it's coming in
hot and we will see you tomorrow thanks
for joining my family and smile more
that was the most awkward thing I've
ever done try that again
I love mom or hipper put your lips on it
