what's up my friends we are back in Ohio
it's actually a beautiful sunny day it's
nice it's really nice got my homey my
little homey with me we're going to get
know from school get a little bit of
late start today but uh let's show them
the shirt you got on
yawns ah your Hawaiian shirt
he loves loves his laundry hasn't taken
it off since yesterday so we let him
little guy Hey Dude what's up man can't
just look up there had to be one fun
thing to happen today nothing school was
that wearing today
yet other reasons yes it's really nice
outside and my compile side when we get
home you can get in your truck but look
it's so muddy the good see if it'll
drive right and I get to show off that
shirt huh ha do you love that shirt or
I'm so glad we got it for you he's never
taken it off we were back home when you
already started home work that fast
hey wakey wakey Kings got to go poop
it's time to get up
Britney took a nice nap while I got Noah
because she took note of school today
like a champ we've been so jet-lagged
she got up at like 7:00 something I
gotta help this kid yo poot you go on
one thing I've noticed about having
these little plastic balls all over the
whole house is that they're everywhere
you find them everywhere they're
everywhere and when we were filming that
video one of the guys played a joke on
me and put them in about every cabinet
and drawer in the house so over the next
few weeks we just find random balls all
over the first day when I found one in
those like Kobe thing no I know there
yeah they were everywhere they were up
on top of the how fun was that video
though very it was like the best time
ever for any kid even for adults it was
like the best thing ever
Noli always lean lean mean oh yeah fight
Oh huh you think you're tough and now
I'm sure boy is here so you have a soft
crash landing so Wiggly what oh you want
me to wear it again alright we're gonna
be the dirty Hawaiian boys I don't know
if you guys watch behind the scenes the
ball prank but we had to take the
ceiling fan out so that we could put the
trampoline in here and it's still not up
still hiding in this room such Pena's
the most that videos biggest pain ever
helped mommy cook dinner
help mommy cook dinner
alright what's going on here not the
boys chicken that's a lot of chicken
that's a lot of chicken homemade mac and
cheese form can you ready to eat you
better be ready eat there you go
one plate up oh it's my kitty no mine
right I guess I think it's fine that
both boys already have their chicken yet
you're in here cutting up your little
bird Bites for you is that mine
I'll totally eat it like that that
sounds like a real treat is it just
having it and do it for the kids or you
just do it for yourself and for myself
too that's ready for a good dinner is
that a good dude let me see your kitty
let me see him real quick I want to show
um let me see him King you gotta trust
daddy let me see I'm gonna cook him I'm
gonna cook him
let's eat the biggest fight ever
yuria you can't get me well all of it Oh
big bite yeah biggest fight ever
yeah here we go can't drop any ready
oh no not Eddie here we go oh my gosh
mommy is not so big sometimes we have to
trick him to get me too big for you you
think you can fit that you're wrong too
big mumbo jumbo for gloto he's a poor no
doubt Oh shine at the fort - okay so a
lot of you guys ask me what did you do
with all those plastic balls when you're
done what did you do with them and well
I want to show you what I did with them
this is a camera on my house that is
part of my driveway they're still long
ago those are tons of bags this is my
garage completely full you can't open
either door that's what we did with the
balls we're still trying to figure it
out it's a nightmare
it was it is a nightmare this this prank
is a nightmare
but the views are unreal these things
they're everywhere these plastic balls
we're insane you guys doing oh yeah
very cold kitchen up whoo
like the only old orders are like people
that were here stay come on guys I met
you you're wrong they're smarter than
they would not not put their street
address on you play smarter don't put
their street name but not their address
oh so what do we do about that what
happened and now just wait mmm come on
guys if you place an order just put your
dress in there for us we're doing good
we are so we're completely caught up
this is all I got left to do and D whoo
these are here these few there's fire
Britney's mom's been slaying this dragon
everyone's doing so good the storm moves
on no matter what we travel no matter
what someone's here cranking on it yes
awesome hey what is that hey yo me Oh
awesome where's mine cheese pizza yo you
gonna barf it up for me Cheng's get me
some give me one all right dude what the
heck are you playing what is this I just
got my room what's it called jazzpunk
yes funk you find these games what is
this game oh these people go off the
diving board look how funny is they'll
just go flying one goes like that while
some of them go ahead they totally miss
the water that guy's drowning oh my god
sitting how's it feel be back home mommy
and I had a really bad headache today Oh
did you water your leg oh my gosh we're
still hold on I didn't tell you guys
this cane got out of the bath tonight
and he had his jammies on them
everything then he saw my shirt that he
made me put on today he had to have it
on now he's wearing jammies with his
Hawaiian shirt cane hey you're so cool
give me five I love it
I don't think I'm gonna be able to wash
that I think you'll take it off why not
for me it's gonna be hard to wash period
I know I already got ketchup on watch
many falls down hey I love you yeah you
gonna go to bed yeah all right I'm gonna
keep your kitty all right we gonna wear
that shirt tomorrow to wash that shirt
tomorrow I can wash it yeah okay you
gonna sleep in here tonight mm-hmm just
put a pillow don't even need a pillow
you could just crash down anywhere a lot
of people said that we should put a TV
on the wall like a Playstations you just
laying it like in watch movies try a
letter turn that light off turn that
light off so you're the one smuggle all
the small more toothbrushes up here how
many you need ah they'll just share
because I have no idea who's the serious
who brushes these and you're not even
use them okay you have to do me a huge
favor
you promise yeah don't don't tell Kane
I'm taking this off he'll beat me up
well you gonna play the hot coal game I
just want it where is it warmer
oh it's up here of it yes can't trick a
trickster mmm I've been craving this all
day by the way I had to get it out you
guys know for Christmas my parents got
me this thing and it's heaven because
it's fresh it's like real orange juice
osius boom muscles here hold that skulls
will see muscles what's your oh man it's
not focused they're good ah you like
that should take my shirt off yeah why
not hmm
the best thing good thing is you get
like all the pulp and wine or whatever
they call it
uh-huh anyway on a real note guys I
spent most of my day on phone calls
business calls but it was miserable and
I know in this wall you're not gonna be
able to tell that it's just gonna look
like we hung out for kids yeah it's
pretty much gonna seem like we hung out
kids is a it's a just a great needed
family day which it was but what you
didn't see is me buried in my freakin
computer and phones all day what ah most
of it was all good though good problems
to have but it's a little hard when
you're trying to run a blog Channel and
you have to be on a computer or phone
all day so that being said that is the
vlog today I love you guys thanks for
hanging out and thanks for the support
we will see you tomorrow
anything you gotta say baby now
and that will be completely cada I don't
think we've been that hot up for months
months
we're always usually a few few few days
behind but we're caught up nice alright
guys see you tomorrow
don't forget wait what's gonna ask oh
yeah do you like to travel vlogs the LA
blogs or the Ohio vlog it's the best I
really need to know that because I got
some things I'm working on I want to
know that tell me travel ohio or la
vlogs hit me in the comments let me guys
smile more deep don't change bees you'll
see
