all right guys we're starting today
exactly where we left off yesterday
getting home from our trip from Hawaii
seeing the family the kids would you get
a little kitty oh you like oh I got you
that I just thought it was cool cuz he's
smiling he he's a happy happy hula shark
happy hula shark be foolish or yeah for
a collection oh yeah you guys know I
collect magnets everywhere we go so I
picked out this one for us like the
shirt I got we have the same shirts you
want me to wear it two years looks cool
I wish Noah had I wish there Noah sighs
we got all three had Hawaiian shirts
okay so there's so many things I want to
show you guys that I've been having to
hide from you for like weeks you guys
want to go show them upstairs just show
you come on come on come on come on yeah
go fast fast fast little Hawaiian jungle
man this was so hard enough to show you
guys the week before we left
we turn the spare bedroom into a ball
pit because we had so many extra of them
and the kids just love it
1 2 3
yes so we took the bunch of extra balls
and just put them in this room there's
nothing in this room its Kane's old
bedroom it's a new little play area for
the kids and mainly me
I got my brother and his wife Jess here
what's up guys yeah it's good it's good
to be back it feels good you know it
also feels good coming home turn on the
TV going to YouTube
and seeing the number one video on
YouTube guys thanks to you are you go
pro I'm no me I even kept my long sleeve
on just like you me my camera guy
no so my brother always brings the
coolest gadget servant in the coolest
things well tonight he thought we needed
to celebrate the new video with some
bubbly
dee dee dee dee dee yes this is kind of
embarrassing guys I've never opened a
bottle of champagne but I want to do it
you brought me the good stuff six bucks
okay so you got it first you have to yes
oh yeah just don't knock down like a
wine bottle I said the name of target up
let's see if you can hit something like
a rare owl like a rare Norwegian snowy
you see that yeah that was so lame I
should I should have let one of you guys
do it are you taking some balls good
take take more of them tell your dad to
back his truck up your time will come
see you guys 7:30
yes 7:30 is good 30 no me and showers 30
minutes is plenty for a shower well you
need to be dry and dressed
we've worked into that bedtime actually
I'm at Warped it's just God really they
start today because we ended I ended
yesterday's vlog through today and then
we started today at the end of
yesterday's well it's really weird I've
never done that but what I said I said I
said I started I started yesterday's
what you better run and is good to be
home buddy it's good meet you have you
come home good
I love you give me a hug bring it in man
wish you I love you see in the morning
you go plug your fan in night just like
me you gotta have a fan on it night
without one I can't either you guys have
to have a fan in your room box fans are
the best the white square fans I mean
you guys are the best fans all right I
love you dude sleep great hi booger what
are you doing
you ready to watch I mean huge let me
take your Hawaiian shirt off you love it
it looks good on you
look at me don't look at me don't look
do you happy happy face
let your happy face Wow
once your sad face let yourself is
what's your fight face oh man scary
what's your goofy face I'm really
starting to think I shouldn't have ended
yesterday's vlog so late because I know
but I wanted I wanted you guys to come
from Hawaii to our house in Ohio in one
vlog I thought they'd be cool it cost me
on this vlog is now I have nothing to
why it's just late and we're already our
time schedule so that's that but we will
start fresh tomorrow it'll be good it'll
be good to have a full Ohio day tomorrow
so that's it guys thanks again for
smashing the prank thanks for coming
along with us to Hawaii but it's time to
start small high of logs for about a
week until I have to go tell a booty
booty that would be good yeah I don't
know we'll see we'll see we'll see no
process we gotta go we gotta go
I love you guys thanks you thanks to
again I don't know what I'm saying
thanks guys don't forget it smile more
the one last sunset on this friggin
beautiful island
yeah but just think about what its gonna
feel
