good morning my friends it's official I
am sick I'm fighting it every second of
today what a day that's been are you
kidding me I lost my wallet it's gone I
had to call we cancel my traveling cards
my everything everything is gone and we
were going to fly home tomorrow now
we're stuck in that leg because I have
no ID so it's been it's been an
interesting start to today hey King
say hi buddy on a positive note it's
really pretty outside and
how do you get home without an ID though
that's what I want to know what's the
airport say like what are the what are
the steps if you don't have your ID and
you're not at home how do you get out of
the state without your ID I have to
drive home we got to drive home and
you're not even all driving without your
ID on you technically I don't know the
only thing keeping me rocking and
rolling today honestly guys is my new
prank that I filmed I left my card
reader in Ohio so we're running out
right now to get that so I can start
editing my main camera footage guys
who's mommy's new pillows dude thanks so
much getting up there down there guess I
got bit yeah
peekaboo I scare you what did you guys
get I leave for one minute you guys fun
food
hi uh you know the prank the pranks are
getting so big that I have to dedicate
entire hard drives to each pranks like
one prank for our drive gets expensive
and my main prank camera runs off CF
cards they're the bigger cards so I had
to buy a read or just so that I can edit
that footage I left mine in Ohio of
course along with everything how's that
food
oh this is my baby guys he's getting so
bad right he gets a big trend up
pretty soon he'll be bigger dananddana
it so apparently Brittany asked you guys
a few days ago on snapchat what kind of
art projects she should do and she's
gonna do it you I guess it was the most
requested so this is what I need 120
million crowns are you paying for this
stuff well in July are you gonna pay for
it aha here right here is it hot
still hot from the motor motor makes it
hot come on brick got a craft stuff I
got my camera stuff we're about hitting
people here we forgot no parent problems
god I haven't known oh wait a minute
there are so many milk choices
that's crazy
I feel like I'm going down fast guys I
feel like cold chills stomach
everything's just going down wish me
luck
well I've heard when you're sick you're
supposed to drink bleach really clears
out you don't ever do that I'm totally
hitting all right I'm pretty much as
buried in footage and to be honest with
you like this prank is what's keeping me
out of bed I got my um for those of you
that don't know a CF card is this is a
CF card this is where all the magic is
right it honestly takes me an entire
evening all through the night this was a
seven camera shoot all different cameras
so they all got to be converted into the
same formats so it just takes me a long
time before I can even start looking at
the footage I have to import it all and
convert it you want that one onto here
can you hold the camera
yeah pointing at your foot
it'll be so funny hey ya gonna show Mom
hey I'll show me let's say stand here go
show mommy Britt's working hard on some
serious dinner
I can't wait that's gonna help me though
I feel like yeah I feel like that
let Reaper guy with the black hood and
the ah he's like standing behind me all
day hey watch out yeah hey happy boy so
it's just up dinner a few minutes and
this always happens are you laughing we
know that you guys love how much we eat
out from paper plates plastic somewhere
so we thought we'd really give you
something a comment about we're eating
dinner out of Tupperware
that's right just for you guys grandma's
breaking all the rules though she's
she's eating out a paper ball roll
breaker hey you know it gets recycled
now that dinner is over Brit is working
on a really cool project since I'm
pretty much on the computer all night I
think I'll just be covering this for you
I think it's cool
look at the box it's all like yeah it
doesn't come like that it totally open
it it's just so random I'm really
hurting I love I'm gonna pull through
ah you think I'll be okay
holes it is that a scribble source Rex
it's not the scribble uh Figgis made all
these cool crowns and all this glue and
we're gonna start gluing them to the top
crowns how do you say it what is it
crayons crayons I always say crowns and
everyone makes fun of it there's I don't
know any two people to say it the same
anyway we're gonna glue them just like
that on top of the painting just gonna
take
oh really long time you're just doing it
really fast
for sure is the oven still on using the
oven timer I'm actually getting really
excited now I was a little skeptical at
first so this is pretty sweet ice what
are you doing just in case it splatters
you need like a little force field well
we just popped a breaker with the blow
dryer but it's looking so cool I have no
idea where the the breakers are there
are none we've searched this whole
apartment for breakers there aren't on
the only one I can find in the kitchen
and I've already reset it
but it's only for this this stuff this
reminds me of like every TV show ever
when you when they're doing something
they add the drama there's no power
doesn't remind you that it would be just
like this honey if we don't get these
lights on we're never gonna get this
paid done coming up next
you gotta get these lights on they're
gonna be here three minutes pick up this
painting we we got no lights
that's exactly how TV is do you like it
is it super cool we have successfully
destroyed this place buddy
way to go give me five don't leave me
hanging up don't Kane can't get back
here Kane
why did you get me hooked on this I you
completely took over my project started
and he said no you don't do it like that
Julie I like here just take it
I was soon as I started mowing so this
is started mowing I had to do it so much
fun is melding it's like every boy's
dream you can also mount these on like a
board above your painting so that when
you're done you can take it away and
it's just the painting but I think I
actually like it with them on it looks
really high alright my friends that is
the vlog today I got to edit how to edit
edit edit and it's so hard to manage a
blog channel when you have something to
actually do you can't vlog it's so
difficult that being said I know we
already gave this one away where d did
the giveaway for this one forever for
there it is we already did the giveaway
and I already have gotten the guy's
address so this one's going out
hopefully tomorrow or the next day
so tell me should I give this one away
this one's ridiculous I really like it I
might just keep it but if you think I
should give it away tell me in the
comments Yes No maybe so we're going to
start trying to give a lot cool things
away that we've had that we have made as
a family just to give back to you guys a
little bit put a big old smile on that
beautiful face you're awesome we love
you smile more in the vlog from that day
so look at it like that that's the
positive way to look at it the only
thing I am gonna apologize for is my
exhaustion I have like
