what's up my friends you are looking at
a super tired version of me got to fight
am to pull the greatest prank that I've
ever done and I know if you're gonna say
I've said this before but no next level
you guys are gonna love this this is
something you've never seen it you've
never seen anything like this kind of
like I told you with the ball video
where I filled my house with balls and I
was just like it's so much fun you've
never seen anything like this get ready
for a whole different experience man it
has nothing to do with plastic balls but
the video is that original it's that
crazy it's that amazing it took it took
forever to plan so I know you guys are
gonna love it that being said I'm
actually uploading the same type of
video I did when I fell in the ball
video and that is this very short vlog
to explain to you that if I show you
what i vlog today it will ruin the prank
it will spoil it so i will hold it for
when i upload the prank I know you guys
understand and I know that I've done
this in the past and it works really
well so yeah it's gonna be one kind of
crappy day of vlogging that's today
right now but I got to protect my
business and company I can't leak things
under the internet before the prank
comes out everyone steals everything so
I'm gonna hold tight I hope your days
absolutely perfect and I know this type
of video is gonna open a lot of doors
for hate and talking bad about the
channel and come on I'm putting out
videos every day so this one's just
gonna slide and I have so much greatness
coming well be patient with me
absolutely love you guys you support me
and everything I do and you're the
greatest thank you but the only downside
to this today is you're not getting a
full-length vlog of what I did the
positive side is that when I upload the
prank you get three videos the prank the
behind the scenes which is massive that
video I guarantee is a half hour long
okay I'm not any guarantee if it's
really long and the vlog from that day
so look at it like that that's the
positive way
the only thing I am gonna apologize for
is my exhaustion I have like when I did
my ball video my ball prank video I
taught it it was exhausting it was the
hardest video I had ever made it really
was I think today destroyed that video
it honestly destroyed me Brittany helped
out with the prank today she was there
while I did it and she helped with all
the will you guys will see you'll see
exactly the behind the scenes for this
prank is gonna be the greatest thing
ever
Brittany walked in and went straight to
bed and I was like I gotta make this
video explaining that I gotta hold the
vlog for until the prank goes up so I'm
here right now letting it all out to you
guys you guys can try to guess what the
prank is but like the ball video there's
no way anybody could ever guess that
this is that different in that original
and that crazy day there's no comment
that anybody could leave that's gonna
even be close to this prank so I'd love
to hear you out it's not give you one
hint
it is not on family members it's not on
it's not on grandma it's not on Brittany
it's completely bad eh
I got one of the greatest videos man I
it's gonna be worth the wait I promise
I'll see you guys tomorrow people big
old smiley face be positive don't hate
me for this you know it happens it's
better than nothing I love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow are you ready are
you ready are you guys ready reveal it
