what's up guys hope you're feeling great
it is absolutely beautiful here which
has got me feeling fantastic people
always asked I see this in the comments
to Roman why are you always so happy
okay first of all I'm not always so
happy I have plenty of problems in my
life I go through the same things you go
through however I am pretty darn happy I
went from working in a factory for 10 to
12 dollars an hour for 12 years divorced
losing my son half the time to now
having Britney Kane Cora and everything
that I have currently today I am friggin
half I just want to say what you think
is the worst problem in your life right
now might end up being the greatest
blessing you've ever had what I thought
was the end of my life has turned out to
be the greatest thing that ever happened
to me think about it I know it sounds
crazy and that's pretty deep to think
about but I want you to consider the
idea that maybe what you're going
through right now is going to throw you
into the better life I've lived the
other way I've got this life I love it
I'm happy welcome to the vlog guys let's
get this day started I'm headed up to
meet Britney right now they went to the
gym today I am still after my accident I
didn't feel up to it I hurt so I'm one
of the chiropractor and then getting a
massage I'm still stuffing off and yes
but feeling good man I hope you guys are
feeling good and understand how
important you are I love you let's get
the flow sir let's go meet up with Bret
you know our backs cracked and still we
can love you guys so much well that was
really good timing hey are you ready I'm
nervous because my whole body hurts like
is it gonna hurt maybe that the rebuild
minus the waterbed it like blows hot
water on your back
Brittney's on a roller big roller balls
okay so kind of skip past the whole
cracking part of it but man he went deep
and he says everything looks good
everything was muscular so that's great
there's no like damage to my spine or it
looks great until I'm better I think
giving birth I'm just okay so what are
you getting done today
top top lower we are getting a hour and
a half have we ever done it I want to
have that's crazy it's a couples massage
we laid together and then we get a
massage together and it is like the
ultimate we did this what last week week
before yeah me too
we can go light go light all right you
ready so this is you trying to take your
clothes off just get completely naked oh
I'm gonna keep him I'm keeping up I am
y'all set good all right okay warping it
past now highly highly recommend making
time for yourself to do that today we
are preparing for tomorrow which is some
of your favorite parts of what we do
what we're doing I'm gonna make it a
surprise I'm gonna tell you what it is
but it's out we got a ton to do today so
that we can do it tomorrow do what you
got to do what you want to do type thing
right
boom it's all I get duck lips tit
you getting in you clean the tank up in
it's ready for you feed the eel too
while you're in there
dad I'm part of my leg what's going on
mr. blue shoes you got your new blue
shoes on
what happened Brian oh my god
you don't seem upset about it I get my
hands s'alright
Brian was added dyed to the pond today
flash decided to get what's she doing
flash what's she doing huh
all right we got Shawn we got show him
it's time
we've got playing cards now small more
playing cards these are freaking awesome
maybe you do magic tricks stocking
stuffers family game night you name it I
I just I got an idea here shuffle them
up shuffling oh you got a shuffle a lot
really good no this is this is ready
watch this I'm a little I'm a little
like you know I haven't done this for a
while it's been a while since I was the
dealer Thank You Sarge
look at it don't show anybody all right
don't show anybody
thanks hard ok Mart any card don't show
anybody your card wait I need you to
pick four we're not included all right
playing high card all right whoever gets
the highest card highest card wins wins
what vice highest card gets $100 bonus
right now Wow
there was a lender card first
what Slater compromise I would have
picked a better card but you don't you
didn't get to see your car oh okay
does a jack also means that that's a ten
just hypothetically asking the jack is
not a ten a ten is a ten she got is that
that's it all right all right there you
go
yo you almost feel bad you guys all for
the moment instead
okay so playing cards are now in stock
on the side top link in the description
and finally snapback camo look at these
right here full camo snap backs are now
in stock as well oh it's Friday what
does that mean freebie Friday freebie
Friday yeah okay there you go pick a
card
pick a card Queen all right so that's
like that's like a that's a 12 so 12
pops off gets going orders you might be
getting a free pop saw get because of
Brian today all right I gotta go I
didn't know a asap I know wasn't mine
hey you guys know we came out with a
splatter - splatter tie-dyes well now
we've got splatter black and white all
iPhone cases flashy you know what's
funny your name almost was blue his name
if it wasn't flash was gonna be blue and
it was
he blew because he has one blue eye not
too he has one and I got four blue feet
those totally harmless but when you
first put dye in the pond it kind of
sits on the top of the water and it dies
whatever it touches so now the highlight
of my entire day an entire week is that
I get to get my boy Noah is my ah a man
my little man doing my teenager what the
heck is happening time is flying a lot
of you might be young you don't even
realize it ma'am
it's some high no stopping it time don't
give a crap
time is like I feel like time is our
ultimate anyway like that is that is our
enemy it's such a it's our gift and it's
our enemy and it's the only thing we
can't we can't buy more time you can't
pay for you can't time is when you
really start thinking on time it's kind
of freaky anyway I'm getting off track
I'm gonna pick up no I'm super-pumped
obviously it's you know it's my baby boy
man he always will be my baby boy ah
speaking of my boy hey boy hey what's up
you ready to party hop in just casually
picking up on the side of the road and
boy tomorrow is game on like get game on
no no they don't know it's a secret the
secret yes was yesterday two days ago
Noah got to go to a place where one of
my teachers from school was it what
seven three my seventh grade teacher and
told your story what was the story so
you were in class you had a little box
you kept grabbing it and like putting it
to your mouth he said I don't remember
what you're talking about
oh yeah so he said to stop doing it you
did it again
that's sounds like and he was like
roaming
they're like okay well what's my
punishment he said I'll let you off free
tomorrow you come with Mike and Ikes for
everybody in the class and the next day
you came in he said well where's the
like and Ikes and you reached under your
desk it was like oh no siree bag I can't
I do not remember I kind of faintly
remember something yet but uh well at
least like he came through is a good
story for the whole class watch out
doggy
watch out flash he would not move look
at ya doggy
you're lucky I see you baby blue huh and
you didn't your mama teach you about
cars his new name should be Harry Harry
and blue what up my man yo getting the
photos done get the right stuff done
before everybody's ready you guys ready
flashes ready oh this is pretty much a
dead giveaway poor face what are you
doing baby she says don't worry about my
face you know what it still looks better
in Daddy's car you ready for tomorrow we
are gonna party so guys there's really
no hiding it we are going it's that time
again it is that time of year the
Atwoods must go we are going on our big
Aled family trip that we take we try to
take every year and we're packing up
right now the house is destroyed bags
everywhere suitcases everywhere hats
with everybody's names on them oh my god
there's more non at words than at words
boys very serious never happen well take
over so we are it's chaos so we got a
lot to do today is all about like what
equipment
to make the best videos for you guys I
got look check out my lens cover for my
camera that suck literally everything
from entire bag of like eight GoPro I
got so much stuff hanky where are you
gonna put that thing what does it look
like or like smuggling into the country
do whatever I called there's like one
grocery store on the whole place and
they called to see if they had the
formula she takes know so it looks like
Cora's got her own
this is crazy baby take over baby take
over yeah very funny
Oh rock it I don't care okay
Britney ordered me flippers so that can
you guys know I'd scuba dive and I and I
snorkel and I always do those type of
videos well she got me four powerful
flippers I don't care powerful flippers
it's not that we're gonna try to hide it
but we just can't like I'd have to
literally in the vlog and hide the
packing process which is which is most
of our night this has all we've been
doing girl you going on your first trip
girl are you ready do it
should we take in her first first first
trip first plane ride first everything
it's crazy I love it the country no no
wait you're wearing bottoms this year I
actually got myself a little skirt skirt
skirt I've had to wash like a lot of my
equipment from the trip that we took the
travis's it was so dirt everything was
dirty Mike my GoPros were covered in mud
my equipment was muddy it was so crazy
so I've been in here in the sink washing
equipment so I know most of you really
love when we do family vlogs and that's
exactly what is coming up it will be
your family all of us together I mean
all of us this will be the most people
ever gone on vacation with the celesta
move it's why we had
there's more this year it is so much of
the family and we will be all crammed
together for many days making videos and
just having family moments having a good
time as a getaway together but we got to
be up early guys and I have to edit this
vlog so I'm gonna cut it now edit pack
wake up and then you guys will be with
us thanks so much for hanging out today
we love you so much we will see you
tomorrow the streak is going we're like
10 11 vlog so Jay come on give me
something
see you tomorrow you today on smile
you
