there's no cushion at all we've got an
entire 53-foot semi truck of play balls
the ones you find at the store these an
entire semi
as you can see my garage is filling up
really quick got my brother my dad my
mom you've been doing some filming we've
got a quarter million balls coming in
today this is definitely gonna fill the
house trucks empty in we're doing good
how much more do we still have man do
you guys ever think you'd see anything
like this in your life you know buddy
why don't you just drive it backwards
daddy's gotta unload a semi-truck yeah
but nothing I'm certain to think we got
any balls oh my gosh swell Brits gone
all day Meeny the boys and a lot of
people are gonna fill the entire house
with these all right guys several hours
have passed our beautiful sunny day has
turned to a no rainy mess we have
carried us so many balls up
Brittany's gone for the entire day I
sure hope so and I got a lot of people
here to help check out what we're doing
what the heck are you doing to my house
we're pranking you do get you kids ready
to have fun today yeah yeah we're gonna
do something you've never done in your
entire life
we're gonna do something none of us have
done in our entire life move it over no
you can't you have to do it equals okay
here take our whole ceiling fan down
this if he comes down we'll move the
trampling over so we can finish building
it are all extremes for one little video
one line for all you fans so we're not
putting the top bars on and we've
managed to hook the net to the lower
part so that we can just fill this part
with balls and jump off the roof what do
you think did I think I mean it's not
gonna be long before this whole place is
full this once the trampoline is done
we're gonna fill the whole house with
those balls
well long story short let's start
working on what is that only six bags
we need it a lot deeper well since it
rained all the balls are wet for the
entire floors so the whole house is
gonna be soaked
such a good idea
there's no cushion at all they're just
like rocks
oh this place is done
what do you think it is Jeff what do you
think Brittany's gonna say oh my god
try again
alright not a good idea it's a great
idea oh it's perfect
Hey
Hey for sure you're singing
you win John
hey just remember any time you want to
take a break the whole upstairs is clean
okay you having fun is it tiring
it looks like one of the puzzles on a
nice little lunch here this is pure
mayhem today the worst thing is the
balls are so wet that everyone's soaked
it's up to the couch here's something I
never thought about it's what we're
doing with all these balls after today
everybody's making their predictions
Adam says I should just build a funnel
down the basement steps that goes into
trash bags dad thinks I should sign each
ball and give them away three years John
what your what do you think I should do
of them you melt them down make forks
for your mouth we make them into edible
you weren't a powdered sugar on them and
eat them they would they would help me
all right what do you think okay we need
to go get some cardboard and off the
steps in your garage we build a tube
just at the heights of the back so when
you push it out they all fall down into
the bag and it's the best idea everyone
came up wasted basements
alright what's yours you thought beats a
cottage underneath until Jonatan okay
this is the test jump
hey everybody quiet everybody really
quiet
hello hey what's up absolutely nothing
bored out of our minds but you're on
your way now how long you got okay
perfect we'll see you then I love you
more baby okay
he's out of the way then no we're gonna
keep him here she's gonna walk in and be
like what's all these bags she have no
idea what it is and she's gonna open
that door and it's gonna cave in that's
it she won't even she won't even know
what these are
I'm gonna try to fill this entire room
then break it song it all come out that
door now how do we fill it so we're
stepping screwed off this right this
makes Li make the closet right here okay
so all we're doing is putting balls and
so we need some room on this side to
start putting them in well we're just
gonna literally bucket them right out of
there into here at some point yeah we're
gonna keep adding things yeah if I have
awesome narrow boxes this doorway all
right I'm just gonna fill it up on this
side because yeah
had things pretty cool
I hunkered down ever captured
right now we're building our own closet
that's filling the hole that's one
Brittany what's in the garage it
shouldn't fall in hopefully I feel this
is all the movies
take forever
that's how you do that what's your
pumice we're done that's it we are just
moments away guys Brittany said she's
about ten minutes out cameras are ready
mics ah so nervous right now this is the
worst part
welcome home
yo come in move the box come through the
front door go to the front door
now you guys should all play now go play
it was not easy to set this up honest
this is pretty good you can't be mad
about
this is awesome look at this who has
ever done anything like this
now you're having fun all right you guys
clean this up I'll be in the room taking
a nap I'm kidding you're gonna push
everything out there right forget a
pickle this crap up this is not gonna be
fun
is this the worst thing you can do now
this is the lightest prank ever nobody's
ever been this lightly pranked just so
you know right now we have the most
inventory of these balls in the entire
United States I bought all of them no
company in the country has this many
balls I know I still got 26 bags out
there unused we overshot so bad me and
Dale planned this whole thing we did the
mess we planned it for four and six feet
and we only went to two and a half I
couldn't move in anything deeper oh my
what a disaster we've definitely refined
the cleanup process they hold the bags
this is this is hours of progress right
here you don't wanna leave here's the
problem they came in big white bags but
all the white bags are full - somehow we
effed up there's nothing better than
child labor in Memphis we are almost
done at least with it we started to take
this chair money out you know one nice
thing about this the house is gonna be
empty and this is all done it's gonna be
empty in here
you guys are earning your keep boy we've
decided to turn kids old bedroom into a
ball pit that's pretty cool
