what's up my friends where are we going
why are we doing this I want to go where
Socrates you have to go with me I love
horses but I love horses that still
would be awful I just don't like my
hands in the arms of something I don't
see any horses
I might not either all right we made it
are you ready for this I'm not look at
that thing you know he's gonna throw me
right off his back you know it oh my God
he's so big that's a big horse what's up
big dog you guys are huge what's the
deal with these bananas I see all over
the place these grow on here like this
yeah just like that
and you just break the branch off and
you win some so what makes it an apple
banana I have no idea that's just the
name of it the paper it kind of tastes
like a green apple
it's slash bananas yeah they're delish
you know and if any way to know my
guards you could starve to death here no
ready oh he looks excited about taking
us on a ride another trip up the
mountain huh well that one's not mine
guys I'm not no cowboy I gotta get on
this one this is my guy it's so pretty
yeah she looks awesome
not really
I should've been a cowboy give me a
heart attack
are you all right pretty much first time
riding horse for me I got Frida here
she's a beautiful horse and neat told me
to do this with my thumb up thumb up ya
all know where you come from
do you think baby and fun you want a
horse gatos yours
it doesn't feel the best when they hop
like that okay I'm not really am I
sitting on this thing wrong so down
there those are pineapples in the ground
tell me that again how long does it take
to make one pineapple two years for one
planet that's crazy well that was a fun
ride you guys have fun I found out my
horse is 28 years old and these are all
rescue horses which makes it even cooler
love it bring it back
lay your tummy on the saddle take this
leg out and then slide down Mike look
how mean she anywhere is inside me
though Frenchie thank you my friend does
a lot of fun funny yeah gotta say all
these black chicks alright mom I'm not
I'm not getting that close the Sun is so
pretty right now thanks for making me do
this honestly I was a little nervous
about it I don't know I don't know what
it is about horses
my dad's same way we're just like I
don't know it's just like you're putting
your life in the hands of an animal
doing it would be new
your here's appealing what is it Wow -
this area up here is really cool it's
hard to see these houses and the way it
works is to have one of these houses you
have to grow a crop or a plant or you
have to farm things they live here in
the houses are beautiful and you can
rent your house you're not allowed to
rent it out for anything so it's it's
yours and you live here but you have to
go crop I think that's kind of cool
yeah it'd be cool if everyone did
something different man you shared they
might look at that
look at that plane flying through the
sub alright guys as you know tomorrow's
the big day for the Frank you've been
waiting for
now it's it's um it may not be the
craziest Frank I've ever done well then
it's not yeah I should I know
like yeah we should solicit a lot of
comments saying that I proposed for a
Frank that's not yeah I don't want you I
don't want Sunday for the Frank to go up
in a bunch of disappointed people so I'm
just gonna tell you now it's not what it
is one of the coolest funnest greatest
videos I've ever made ever it's not that
crazy but it's to me it was absolutely
right it's hard was so difficult
let's hear these birds
oh the weather outside is perfect we are
waiting for a tacky thing we get Johnny
tonight Johnny our lucky was it yeah
we're just wait we're gonna go back to
the I think the first nah
second night second night we were here
went to the Maui Brewing Company and
they had the bomb bratwurst I'm craving
it yeah back on our Ohio food
how are you Mandy Andy what's up man hey
man I got really good news I got a new
prank coming out some day you gonna
watch it yeah keep that we'll call you
soon hey don't forget you're my number
one guy
so they got this pickled cabbage here
that's so freakin good it's a dick thing
that's what really made me come here
I mean the cold beer doesn't hurt with
the little ice bar that's cool with it
cheers it up to a great wonderful trip
to Hawaii
it's almost to an end
I wouldn't be sad but we get to go over
to the kids so I'm not like sad I know
you know I don't smoke but this is a
pretty aggressive sign you smoke you die
game over that's it you smoke you die
there's nothing else you can close my
door we're just gonna ride around like
this you crazy man
we missed you Andy
pity they sleep right here he's fished
just chill right here usually they just
lay in the rocks oh yeah look at this
look
in there you know why cuz the hotel even
so much they can't even swim anymore
alright guys we're back in our room is
probably short vlog for you today but
you know what I'm in Hawaiian I've been
crushing it I've been working hard on
these vlogs right
so yesterday this girl goes to bed by
herself every night while I edit so I
think I'm just gonna end it tonight you
know and all I can think about honestly
is the new video coming out tomorrow
Sunday 18 yep I'm freaking pumped I
never been so excited and nervous and
video you just need to stop overthinking
it
I know and I worked so hard on these
videos I've been editing this prank for
so long it'll probably be one of the
funnest videos you've ever seen maybe
it's just so fun it's it's so great but
um I look forward to uploading it
tomorrow we will see you guys tomorrow
and we love you so much thanks for all
the likes and shares on all these vlogs
and we will see you tomorrow it's a lot
of tomorrow's Wow I'm trying to end the
vlog love you guys thanks for all the
likes and loves on these vlogs loves
love's love's likes tomorrow see ya love
you guys see you tomorrow smile frickin
smile more parking spot right here
