what's up my friends hope you're feeling
great for being positive hope everything
is better in your life quick update if
you watched yesterday's vlog you know
Kane and grandma were sick sick sick
they're both up today Kane actually
looks like he's almost back to normal
and grandmas walking around so we're
looking up things are looking good man
I'm a hair stuffy Bob I feel okay I feel
good so I'm gonna keep moving
alright Brittany's craving Subway and
I'm craving Chinese so there happens to
be a subway in a Chinese place
side-by-side works out perfect I know my
hair is long and getting really
ridiculous but I don't have a barber
here Brittany gets the same thing every
time turkey on Italian lettuce mayo
toasted bacon
that's the one right there literally my
favorite food is Chinese food I could
eat it every single day I love what it
is all I want to do is get to Sunday
Sunday by the time you guys are watching
this it's Friday
if you're watching it when I uploaded it
and I should have already pulled off one
of two super big videos for you guys I'm
so excited I've never been more excited
for Sunday mainly because Sunday I'm
actually filming one of the bigger
pranks I've ever done
not looking if up Wow
let me feel a little better I'm so
hungry I was ready to kill this Chinese
food
I got yourself exactly how you like it
thank you
hey is this our day yeah is this all
we're doing today yeah we're not gonna
get anything done yeah wha thought Caine
was doing so much better day but turns
out he's not as fevers back all the way
up and cough and popsicle time how's
that super good
mmm that'll cool you down a little bit
feel good on your throat no doesn't do
anything all right here Molly hey check
the camera yeah big ol thing take it
take this big ol thing with me okay guys
so after dinner we're gonna do small
like
desert project so you need chocolate no
you got the chips but I usually get like
the the morsel chocolate so it's milk
chocolate in the white chocolate then
you need ice cream or you can just do
like a fruit mix or and do iceberg okay
so one more thing I need that they
didn't have was balloons
what are we going to do chocolate and
balloons something really awesome man
this is over
okay found some balloons there happy
birthday balloons that this should work
this is our day huh I know he's hot it's
hot oh okay so that was 30 seconds and
you can see only some of them are
starting to melt oh my gosh I'm not even
filming it face sorry guys
there we go okay so some of them are
starting to melt but you still want to
just stir it up put it back in for
another 30 seconds just they still look
whole but when you start to stir them it
like notes and melts a little more
together hey honey you know yeah I'm
going on a pan from my mama pan how does
it eat knowledge ah no you just keep
doing anything okay watch the balloon
now I'm drying this Ramon will be eating
a chocolate and silikal okay so wash it
and then take some cooking spray no this
is complicated
whatever you're doing this is just stuff
that a lot of people just have I'm like
you guys right now I've no idea what's
going on
so I've never made dessert chocolate
dessert mold
Fitness just 200 things I'm gonna film
it because we're stuck in the apartment
all day and this is actually an idea
okay whatever it was another chocolate
dreams in your chocolate help you rule
in that's the whole thing in there I'll
see you go even bigger shake it
shake it
 shake it Oh Oh huh I dig looks like
a guy's hair man looks like a nigga do
do we put in the fridge yeah I used to
open the fridge it looks cooler that's
really okay so this is a different type
that she's trying to do
what is this just like a little yeah
it's just like a little stand for it and
so I just dipped it in the chocolate mmm
and like hold it up so whoa hold it up
so it's like I'll eat you're gonna
better eat these balloons that's what
you know you eat the balloon eatable is
edible birthday balloons I don't even
know what I'm recording no we're doing
oh my god that is not gonna come out
like the picture should well let's just
see let's just try it's gonna all run
down because it's so thick if I flip it
over just wait let it cool oh my gosh
okay so now let it be in the fridge it's
all nice and dry it looks so good
now you gotta put white chocolate on it
oh and you can if you want it to be like
the marble like the white and murmurs
mix it together you just don't let it
dry I feel like 90% of you guys are male
and you're not gonna do this ever you
think maybe if they got chocolate and
then balloon in the house I guess I
would do it maybe I don't know no no
everybody's dripped oh now I get to lick
the counter okay I'm gonna do one more
that's like um white chocolate and then
maybe like chocolate over the white
chocolate let's do this
oh wait chocolate put the UM how you do
the marble like though okay you mix it
mm-hmm looks good is it good tastes so
good
well no it got me a keyboard Oh God bear
look that up you better like it up oh
did you get it mmm maybe lick it off
I saw you had your chance
that was hard to get off okay okay I'll
wash up I gotta get it out of my nose
what okay rule number one if you're
gonna hide the camera don't leave the
screen well I could it's like walking in
and seeing a little TV on the shower out
there and then you already come in so I
like oh you panic yeah but my keys are
hot probably just hold it up to the
freezer hey that's how you're gonna fix
it oh yeah um there's chocolate in my
keys she's gonna freeze it and just chip
it out it's not a bad idea
yeah um something pointy something funny
like a knife yeah if you drop that
computer all my hopes and dreams are
going on you must really love an 82 if I
had the chance there chocolate all over
your face I would have done it way
harder than that you were so jealous
you're like okay so prop I forget to put
oil on all these what do you mean now
you sprayed it in you know just the
first one
it looks like my still work though all
right well this is why you're supposed
to spray the balloon she didn't spray
all the balloons only the first on oh
well yeah this is this our project for
the night guys hope you enjoy yeah give
me the red one let's see how it nervous
about this one really nervous because I
don't think you sprayed the whole top
part no but I mean it's pieces to break
it's okay that's cool
chocolate bowl I mean you put all your
ice cream and desserts inside of it
that's sweet really sweet well are
definitely swirl one is not a norm
that's know but that's that's closest
one and you actually sprayed that one so
just needed more spray all right this is
the final enough chocolate ice cream
that's cool oh oh when you get on it in
your hand and eat it like if you
mastered it you can make those at a
party and they'd be pretty freaking cool
cool people would be like I wanted to do
is like the basket ones yeah well like
what strengthen or like um jelly bean
eggs of them that's cool that's cool
girl all right guys I'm gonna end this
vlog we really aren't doing anything and
we really haven't done much so I'm gonna
end it now ah Qing's up canes up that's
a good day love you dude should be the
last day of doing nothing we have a lot
of exciting stuff planned for tomorrow
and the rest of the weekend so we will
see you there
thanks for all the love and support even
on these on these day off type vlogs
we'll see you tomorrow stay positive
smile more
