what's up my friends if you uh if you
watch yesterday's boy you know grandma
got really sick and now now my little
man is sick I love you baby
II man who remembers coming to this
channel for the first time who remembers
going to this vlog channel for the first
time I bet you were thinking like oh
that crazy pranks room I bet his days
are so crazy I bet I bet everything he
does is just trouble and crazy I bet you
a really mind blown when you found out I
really just take care of my family my
kids it's a normal life I have a normal
life when you're sick there's just
certain things that you can't go wrong
with chicken noodle soup it's like a
classic man when I'm sick I think of it
it's like I want that popsicles you
gotta have popsicles he's good on the
throat
this is all I have and grandma
specifically wanted Lipton tea bags just
original I'm assuming it's the biggest
box they have you see ya tube tea bread
popsicles water am I missing anything I
know everybody likes like a sprite or
7up something with carbonation you're
smart wearing gloves everyone's sick
yeah I know well it's a shame everyone
is sick because it's beautiful out man
it's so nice and warm today it's been
actually cool in LA for LA I guess it's
hot for me I heard they're calling for
like 7 more inches of snow in Ohio
tonight man I'm sorry Ohio I'll be there
soon to wrap it with you
guy just leaves us Honda Civic on the
side of the road everyone is sick sick
sick sick today
that's so weird just trying to help
Brittney out she's got her hands full
for Grandma and you know Kane's pretty
much useless right now so fumble laundry
guy all right I'm feeling any better
just a little yeah you want my hand what
if daddy just cuddles right here all day
pretty rough day so far we are doing the
regular regular life stuff we got sicker
one and sicko too
I must go sleep all day like your shirt
by the way
matches your game alright my friends I
spent most of the day cuddled and
snuggled with Keener's hurricane and you
know what he's actually looks a little
better tonight he's moving around and
smiling being cane a little bit so
Brittany's gonna jump into my spot and
I'm gonna go do something really fun I'm
gonna take you along Hollywood got the
city walk I'm actually meeting Alex here
we're going to do something pretty cool
that I've wanted to do for years and
years
and there's one here so we're going to
do it tonight hopefully Alex just pulled
up I'm gonna see if I can scare probably
not it's too wide that the sidewalk is
too long actually
take it - was this chick go on Sheila's
I found it all right so this is what
we're doing I hope are we too late I
don't know I don't know oh my gosh dude
I want to do that
what
he makes it look so easy but I know it's
going to be impossible
we just signed our lives away so we're
done man
remember the best thing you can do is
relax this is your instructor and have a
great time fall in and then you pop into
that flying position so the legs are fun
however we're going to want these arms a
little bit more level with our eyes and
then we might need them a little bit
more forward we get ready fly if it's
awesome you look awesome bro
I know I think we should go out clubbing
like this should be your new thumbnail
on your social networks
oh we're almost ready we're almost there
we're just making belly flying today but
if you like a good time they want us to
show you talk about how flips you're
done
the way we want to get wine right we're
going we're going up off of that door
that's so fun mmm it's Alex's turn
he's got it he's got it I know I didn't
do this good killing it
well that was pretty freakin awesome
just warped into the hardrock I'm gonna
get some food I don't feel like I'm
honestly all day start I started talking
about barbecue rib eating contest that
he was in a while back now I'm craving
barbecue ribs I actually wasn't gonna
get them but now look who see what you
do to me don't think I've ever had this
much food on one play chicken pulled
pork ribs we got the same thing here
we're gonna be rolling out of here in a
wagon we tell our conscience it's just
the appetizer
I am what I really don't know how to say
this but I love you and I think that
it's time to take our relationship to
the next level
and that's why I got us a cheesecake to
split dude look at this
that's an Oreo by the way oh it's so
thick and hard it's the worst cut ever
kid oh here that's yours
oh my god I think I've ever been so full
in my life dude ever like I'm hurting
now what does that mean Alex wait Alex
wait I didn't say goodbye oh I didn't
say goodbye goodbye like goodbye Oh
see ya I funded see I had an absolute
blast doing that if you have it done if
you have I'm sure you agree with me
that's fun like who doesn't want to feel
like they're flying it was it was great
maybe we really want to go skydiving
want to do that for three years I've
been trying to go I tried to go in
Hawaii but they said the weather wasn't
good enough since back I'm so full it's
back to the house hopefully Cain and
grandma or getting back up on their feet
you know if today's vlog shorts because
I spent most of the day I mean almost
all day just hang out with cane and and
you know my family will always come
first so above the vlogs above my career
above everything and I hope you guys
feel that same way about your family you
know the end of the day that's all you
have your family so respect them
appreciate them and be thankful every
day for them
I'm and do whatever you can to keep a
smile on their face cuz they're
important believe me
hi body you're a week nice
did I'm so happy you're up let's do a
little coffee but um I brought you a ton
of to go food the skydive thing was so
awesome have to do it have to do it you
know what we have to do is you have to
go and know it comes out with us ya know
would love it well how old do you to be
young there's little kids yeah yeah well
daddy's happy now my boys feeling more
oh you make me feel so loved I love you
I know it's so good to know all right
guys we're gonna in the vlog I want to
give a special shout out to those of you
that make it to the end of every vlog
and know you know who you are so thank
you for that
oh he's back hurricane is back he's big
in action
question of the day hang on can hang on
hang on
you have to tell me in the comment below
if you were forced to take either the
blue or the red pill which would it be
the blue one takes you back in time 10
years the red one takes you ten years
into the future
haha I would definitely go ten years
into the future
well I will
yeah I don't really want to go back 10
years the only reason I wouldn't want to
go back cuz if I like change something
and then like didn't meet me who I am
today meet me just say it just say it
Oh wasn't with you or a trainer future
for sure yeah hi guys you tell us what
you would do would you want to go back
ten years would you want to go forward
ten years I personally just like to keep
moving forward so I love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow
you asked me to make her girl sheets
your way
that's your grilled cheese oh thank you
how's that look it's black
