hold water in my robe okay
oh well that huh what's up my friends um
so all that exciting stuff I was talking
about yesterday about the new prank got
cancelled today which I'm really bummed
out about but the good news it's not
going to affect you at all because the
prank would go up Sunday anyway so even
if I filmed it today I want to go up til
Sunday
I'm gonna film it Thursday still gonna
go up Sunday so it's not gonna affect
you at all just affects me and my pride
have you ever made a grilled cheese and
then left the room and you forget no I
call my god I put ah well this is what
happens when you do that so grandma woke
up pretty sick this morning like she
doesn't really sick so she asked me to
make her own sheets you awake that's
your grilled cheese oh thank you
how's that look it's black hey scooter
boy oh yeah
so as bummed as I am and as bummed as
you guys probably are that I'm not
filming a sweet prank today maybe it's
good thing maybe it's good that I'm just
chilling with my boy and my girl today
and like I said it's not gonna affect
you guys cuz the prank is gonna go up
Sunday no matter what so
yeah that right there is where I filmed
flashing kids prank where the guy
grabbed me wow it's windy come on buddy
faster faster faster faster how you
doing good
watching videos all the time awesome
you're gonna be in my video right now so
no bikes no skateboards no dogs no well
doesn't say scooters
oh you're fast
it's beautiful day look at these things
on this tree
check out this baseball field oh man how
fun oh you know that would be a blast to
play baseball on that just put some
cleats on some old clothes and just play
I'd be down for that that'd be a fun
video actually I'm going on a trip in my
favorite rocket ship I'm not gonna lie
it looks a little weird with you it
looks a little weird with him wearing a
helmet playing at the playground it's
like yeah without your scooter man am
fun yeah let me chase you
Wow okay here I come did it
Tan Tan intended arent't the Dada
so if this is right gainers it's 62 just
over 62 degrees Fahrenheit and 18
degrees Celsius always get Celsius and
Fahrenheit numbers mixed up how you put
it on that's all right there
mommy stole your scooter mommy stole
your scooter that was genuinely scary
we'll start from the other way
funny things that you do as a kid is
totally different when you're an adult
it's so hard
stop it in to grab something real quick
to eat we don't want to waste a lot of
times Hannes practicing his slow motion
punches
Oh
bro
yeah I think so ah he punched me yeah
super slow-mo blah yeah
hey is it good really good yes write it
up I'm dead yeah it's this this is what
gets me in here like have you tried it
the garlic's what gets me in here used
to be different I swear just be like a
more liquid now it's like thick I forget
what this area is called but we used to
film pranks here all the time yeah but I
don't remember what this is called this
area of course you always get ran out oh
I think I should get it I really look at
me
make you dizzy oh that's a cool shirt
Kane thinks they're all his shirt here's
a small can you wear small that's pretty
cool
just think honey every single one of
these
somebody's gonna wipe their butt with
honey Jimmy gave you the fresh mates
again like I said again I remember you
really liking them seriously listen you
got a big guy yeah he's super busy
yeah hey we heard from Nicole we're
playing some video games some Lego
Marvel's mommy's beating it oh yeah what
percent of this game have you guys
beaten they play this game over that was
like the 13th baby I don't know what
that means
what's with all the noise that's all the
noise
yeah oh thank you having Craner
oh what's the smooth e oh it's gonna be
good shouldn't in it so mmm so let's
just strawberry bananas
hey do you know a little bit less summer
hey she's alive how are you feeling yeah
really well that's fantastic you're on
the cold strawberry banana smoothie
alright hey try this yeah see you saw it
and he's like okay I'll try it
you want me to pour it - can't you got a
hold it I can't I don't know what you're
doing here
okay okay okay do you like it yeah do
you want your own yeah this is my night
this is my whole night watching them
play video games yeah cane things he's
hope they are on the very last mission
very last level of this game lagos mark
and beat what it take two weeks just on
and off you guys beat this game yeah I
was wrong you guys beat it beat the game
holy cow I think we're only like 30%
yeah you never actually beat Lego games
because there's like a million little
mini missions you can do there's been a
lot of you guys saying that we should
start a gaming channel or I should do
games and I just wanna let you know if I
did that this is probably what it would
look like
is it alright guys not sure if this is a
short vlog or not I don't know it's
weird day I'm gonna go ahead and close
it out I feel like I need to be quiet
for now on because I keep like saying
that I'm going to do this do that and
then it fails or it gets postponed so
maybe it's just my thoughts right now
tomorrow be a new day I'm still really
excited about pranks don't worry in the
next five days there'll be two massive
massive like grand scale pranks like
next level raise the bar pranks don't
worry about it it's coming other than
that yeah I've just seen like every
channel starting to go gaming like
everybody a lot of people are starting
to go games and super fun I've done a
couple with some people and they're fun
it's like fun to do but I don't think I
can ever probably got too much like
between the vlogs and trying to do the
prank chance it would be it would be a
lot so if you guys think we should start
a gaming channel smash the thumbs up
button maybe tell us in the comments if
not I get it it would be really hard for
us I think
but between Noah and cane in Brittany
and I bet we've come out some pretty
funny videos hi guys I'm gonna call it a
night thanks for watching all the love
we will see you tomorrow keep a big old
smile on your face because your
beautiful smile
get your bike let's go
