what's up guys were starting our day at
the beach it's windy so I got this towel
blocking us Fanta capela he's gonna let
me please let me borrow his personal
surfboard that's awesome brother
so for guys that don't surf a lot man
what are you recommend on this tale I
would recommend like for the best rods
Maltese fins right here directly in the
middle and then little take these ones
off and put it in the front okay okay
usually have other Finn's it's smaller
than these ones these back --lens
gotcha you watch the vid on me did you
keep us safe out in that water
you got a net me up if I fall I'm ready
to get out there thank you
this just looks scary is that
regulations right there it is did nine
ninety percent of me knows it's not
gonna fall but if I don't record it I'm
gonna be so mad it's on a rock on the
ground
it's a great site either way uh he
didn't fall which is a good thing not
for you guys but he would gotcha
I got really read today says you though
it's going through your man araignee AK
we uh stop for a little lunch not ma I'm
not even that hungry he gets nachos a
couple drinks and yeah yeah we are doing
kind of a beach day I want to surf all
day I would lie on the beach like a
candy what dude you're like a tomato
like there's a line look at me oh no
Krispies bro like no ha ha are you gonna
eat all it has so much food nacho
Mountain I got a couple little hot wings
you know typical healthy stuff for us
today
look I know it's already a little too
late but I need some sunscreen good
stuff you're closed you're closed
they're closed I look like a cherry
tomato man we should have this earlier
like this the things we should do
all I do
get him Swan that one's better czar up
there being shot they don't want to hang
out they're talking crap now alright so
apparently so I just y'all
apparently you're supposed to put
sunscreen on before you play in the Sun
that's what you're supposed to do so
we're gonna do that now because tomorrow
we have a long day you're gonna need
more than 30 though I'm you're so red
you match your shirt like exactly really
good sunscreen
yeah like the best for super nerd oh why
don't ever don't ever underestimate
Hawaii Sun
we were like out behind I mean I
honestly thought I'd be fine out there
was only out there for a few hours got
one in the hard way this side right here
it's bad oh you can see where the knot
was in your bathing suit it's so bad
yeah so it's Sunday night at the old
resort nobody's out it's pretty quiet
it's nice you guys ever seen one of
these
but if it just takes me
for handicapped um I guess you'd sit in
this and there must be a leather bag of
it oh let's see we can find a lever yep
just put you in the pool that's pretty
awesome already is it really yeah
there's buttons don't turn it oh yeah
look look look oh you can take me out
over the pool and drop you in oh my god
I gotta try it
are you get in trouble I'm out of here
yeah let's start right here oh wait stop
stop stop really in trouble
oh it gets really cool at night I mean
not cold but it's it's like comfortable
with a sweater hoody I'm sober
it cost me man I feel like all right
relaxing night when I'm much for you
what's your favorite part of the trip so
far
turtle still we got to change that minds
mine's gonna be surfing once I get it
we're sitting on the beach watching
waves the whole time I'm like I want to
surf so bad and then I went out there
all the wave stuff instantly the whole
classes came and everything stopped and
I couldn't catch away well I just
couldn't catch it
yeah we're screwed man we really messed
up for that oh my gosh we're so crispy
man in my face like when I squint it
oh yeah I want to show you I don't know
if you see it but I smile so much that I
have a ten I have a white I have a white
line right there all right guys I'm
getting in the vlog early don't be mad
at me
we have to get up at five in the morning
tomorrow we're doing this crazy tour
around the islands it's going to be
fantastic for all of us but it does
require us to get some seriously PI
stuff to edit this whole vlog and get it
uploaded before 5:00 a.m. so I love you
guys things from sport it looks like a
lot of you like to get laid prank so
tell me in the comments should I
actually do a full video of that I've
been working on it but I don't know it's
kind of its kind of it's going to be
tough to get a full video of it but I'll
definitely try so let me know if I
should actually do that for the main
channel if not tell me that - I love you
guys will see tomorrow thanks for the
support all the love thanks for all the
likes and these flaws we'll see you
tomorrow
it's my boy playing later on tonight
tonight you and me were you talking
about I can't wait believe I can handle
it you don't think I can handle it yeah
all right about that beer
why do you think I came over you would
break me in two
Oh
