good morning my friends good morning
how'd you sleep lovely are you recharged
and ready to go I'm recharged to ready
because you know we had knocking she's
knocking at my door at what 8 a.m. yeah
which felt like 3 in the morning
yeah and somebody a viewer a fan sent
entire thing a breakfast to us yes did
you eat I tried to get naked some I ate
some babe yes coffee ok awesome
whoever sent us the gigantic breakfast
this morning thank you so much for so
much food amazing touch the big one hard
yeah wait up wait up in going up you
beat me now the only reason I remember
where we parked is because you guys left
it in the comments like hundreds of
comments you guys parked on level four
don't forget so we got it this time
somebody wrote smile more on the back of
our van somebody wrote smile more on the
van yeah
it's sprinkling out if they went out to
be outside today yeah it's a little gray
Vegas still looks cool even the Grayson
so going yoga town
oh I had a lovely time and I love you
both and I appreciate it yeah all right
well we're glad we could bring you this
it was that was fun for us for some
reason you're not allowed to have kids
at the convention center I mean yes it
makes sense it's business but uh so
Brittany and grandma are gonna go into
the Convention Center for a little while
and Kane and I are gonna hang out why
they do that Alfie in a little bit I
will pick you up I'll tell you later
picked up even picked up four years I'll
pick you up love you
I can you won't go to strip club I used
to come here for the trade shows with my
parents and I believe this used to be
called the Hilton Mouse's whiskey these
hotels changed so fast like they
actually go bankrupt and somebody else
revised them um it's pretty crazy you
think they'd make so much money by the
looks of it
hey Kane do you want go on top of the
stratosphere yeah you do although let's
do that
I'm sure what fun show everybody how
high it is you guys are amazing and I
kind of feel bad today somebody left us
free tickets to go see the dolphins
today and it's raining else we can't
even use them but uh thank you
whoever did that let's go
we gonna have fun give me fun I'm not so
hard
it's good that one number one yeah just
me my boy way out a little bit while a
mummy girl we had no plan but we sold
stratosphere in campus like let's do
this so we're gonna get up check it out
we get some juice and cookie before we
go up like this oh man daddy spoils you
is it good
really good so good that you're putting
it away
I got banana nut bread what up brother
how you feeling chillin
I'll just haul it at me like yo
remembered your face yo you ain't gonna
phone left my phone in my in my boom man
I saw a girl here will take one on my
phone I'll send it to your email
alright cool good yet ok we're headed
towards the elevator a big elevator it's
20 bucks a person luckily Kane was free
kids are free apparently yeah I guess we
just wait here there's no button better
stuff in this little automatically wow
we made it this is cool
whoa we need to parish you on would you
jump with a parachute you would I bet
you would they're gonna they're gonna
jump oh my gosh I wish unique find you
that you could do this yesterday they'll
hook you up to this rope and drop you
Frank oh yeah
- green thought airborne
Oh
are you we're outside bump bump bump
burn so we pay $20 to come way up in the
sky to use binoculars to look at things
on the ground
it's a really good view of the city
right here
you cold yeah let's go in come on we're
pretty cool definitely worth checking
out
no they have the craziest ride dude that
would be freaky yeah I don't care who
you are
so keen and I are gonna get our drawing
down what's your name Celeste Celeste
she's gonna draw us like cartoons yeah
yes I'm excited always want to do this
come on what do you think we're gonna
look like came here you look good
everything it's not like the old days
where you work as much I'll remove and
she got me really good artists is really
some people a certain amount of movement
is really fun oh yeah gives you
challenge oh you know I already rang it
on yours like okay I appreciate how you
posing I appreciate it
ready to see it all right whoa your eyes
are amazing that is too cool you did
really good you were funny
so we told her to draw us as cartoons
and this is pretty cartoons
I love your eyes those are cool I guess
we'll never get home because King can't
cross this line I guess we're stuck here
we're gonna have to sleep right there
you got a jump running jump
oh you did it
whoo now we can finally go home wait
crap we can make it we can make it well
it's really raining now it's a good day
to not be outside we are gonna pick up
Brittany and grandmom and head back to
Los Angeles hopefully we avoid some of
that that city traffic that we hit on
the way here get fun on top of the big
building that was pretty cool huh haha I
see it
what do you they my gosh that's adorable
we told her make us look like cartoons
so we're on cartoon characters that
stuff oh good
all right bye-bye Vegas mama it's not
too late there anything else you want to
do in Vegas I will I will turn this car
around that's so gay you're headed oh hi
I'm getting too far without some
gasoline
let's Vegas gas prices 335 a gallon kind
of having kind of having a little deja
vu here nothing but brake lights
oh this is bad this is bad news bears
let's just take the desert you know
traffic's really not that bad
no I don't know why people aren't using
this Lane this is way faster Burt what
could be the most busy gas station I've
ever been to in my life the lines for
everything lines for the bathrooms are
you picking something yeah we're trying
to pick drinks I'm getting energy for
the drive are you getting talking milk
Janice what you need trying to explain
I'm trying to explain to the viewers how
busy this fascination is yeah it could
be the most busy thing I've ever seen in
my life
all right feels good to be out of there
however we're just getting right back on
the busy freeway it's bumper-to-bumper
traffic it's gonna keep a smile on my
face so this is just the ramp trying to
get on to the highway painful guys
we've got along what was it - hundreds
of miles still to go welcome to
California all right guys we've warped
all the way back to Los Angeles we
skipped a lot of that traffic and it's
clear here just really Bernie's driving
for me thank you I needed to I needed
the break get still alive backer we're
still alive we're bringing up the rear
Cain still awake he's getting all mopey
just fell asleep yeah he's asleep
the highway is like flooded look at that
maybe it's not actually raining they're
just filming a movie
you know yeah if you guys notice I'm
going to tell you a secret watch any
movie any movie any nighttime shots out
on the streets they wet the roads every
single thought that yep so every movie
looks like that after you know that and
you see that in any movie at night it's
like ugh look the roads are wet yeah you
guys are gonna notice in every movie now
maybe not every movie but almost
guaranteed that any budget movies can
have wet roads we're back into our
little castle everybody looks really
comfy as soon as I got back and went the
bathroom started picking at my face the
worst thing you probably doing for you
go on camera it didn't help that you
added two more white walls and that's
like wicked bright I could see every
flaw on my entire face I'm gonna in this
video won't we para all right fine all
right guys get it in this blog or travel
I we just drove all day pretty much I
think everyone had a good day she's like
Vegas mama what's wrong I loved it
yes everything you thought it would be
yes it was I thought it was just
beautiful but one trips enough yeah all
right we're gonna end it there we love
you guys thanks for the love and support
we'll see you tomorrow
smile more
come on grandma she's never coming back
home guys she's staying here she's yours
now she's yours now
