Oh what's up guys it's breakfast time
time to eat
before we start our day this is great
that's like every day is everything I
like pretty much John you guys ever seen
a black swamp
Wow
this guy was nice enough believe me so
much room to get in the car look I can
almost get my leg in
beautiful daily that way that you we're
off today to go check out a volcano I
forget the name of it the name of it
it's a two hour drive so we're gonna hop
in we've just been driving and we're
gonna head there now you ready
so we just found this we just found this
lookout point which happens to have a
trail that we found so we've been
walking down it's a long way down from
the bottom of the mountain takes about
an hour drive up and we've been driving
a while looks like we're about to go
into these clouds the mountain is way
over these clouds I'm really excited to
see what happens
my ears are going are your ears going
crazy maybe better like pop try to pop
we're so high up miles up this road 37
minutes oh yeah we still got 30 minutes
up in a car imagine on a biker walking
not oh my gosh oh it's a lot cooler up
here it's up there look at this so that
first scenic outlook we stopped at is at
the very bottom of this row is mom turn
it off okay so here's the road we're on
for like 30 minutes and here's the edge
just watch this you can see off the edge
thank you
I'm scared there's no way this is
happening right now what is this it's
the end of the road it says we have six
miles I can't believe we got that four
uh we've been driving about an hour and
a half and it's I guess it's closed
there's just a gate but I mean we can't
complain about this view I'm guessing
the top is just under the clouds anyway
so you wouldn't be able see down so this
is probably actually the better view
like there's like a bonfire pit right
there people imagine just sitting up
here at night in a fire at least got a
cool Instagram picture here thanks to
Brit it took a good one since I'm not
gonna put the one on Instagram shoulder
muscle so this is the one I am NOT
putting on Instagram but it's freakin
hilarious come on focus I'm so yes so
this is a half way down this mountain
there's a lavender farm where they grow
lavender how many thirteen sorry seven
we're gonna try to run some snorkel gear
since our mountain trip failed it didn't
completely fail we still got to go up
pretty high
boss frogs this place has got all the
snorkel gear man thanks for helping us
out bro shooting a little video here
alright you know size us up so we can we
can play for the week
who's gonna wear your socks yeah it's
comfortable yeah obviously it's a good
look for me
you're the club it's just the right
amount all right all right our day is
burning but we got we went ahead and
rented snorkel gear for the whole week
so if we don't get some good snorkeling
in today we will I want to Brittany
wants to swim with the turtles so bad so
the guys the snorkel shop told us that a
mom or mom worker mile marker 14 is the
best time to snorkel is right now
I guess most the island it's hard to
snorkel in the evening or this part of
the day the way the water moves each day
so we're gonna head to mile marker 14
and see if we can see anything yeah
we're almost there sharks may be present
shark bites have occurred here come on
charge somebody prankster put that there
let's see what this little spots got to
offer beside Shores I don't see our X I
do I want to vlog ashore you talk to him
yeah
definitely got to go in the morning
though it's a little murky really yeah
it's cloudy but it's a lot of pretty
fish the guy was definitely right you
got a snorkel in the mornings here I
guess the way the water comes down the
island every day it brings in like
rougher waters it gets cloudy so that's
why the footage was a little murky and
by the way honey there was no sharks
sure no I saw Juan II was like name's
Bruce I was like that guy's in case I
miss a vlog while I'm on the island they
got paintball to the room to dry off and
get changed
I'm so hyper hyper or night you were
running around here naked we're trying
to go up to the mouth we kind of fail so
just get on somebody we got guests come
on in man what's happening what's up
come on we are gonna get a drink I need
a drink a beverage
I don't know what I'm talking about
where are we going way up in all the way
out
is bright something up
I didn't bring my grandpa aviators buy
my goggles my black goggles I loved you
reaction
I look reserved
we paid $400 actually these are not our
reservation seats but you know what
sometimes you got to break the rules I
don't think anybody's gonna kick us out
there's nobody here
leave this
the only thing that sucks about this
island is the view I mean come on Hawaii
I'm just kidding
it's Magnifico magnificent that's what
we need live band
it's Friday we need a lot we gotta find
a band
it's Friday night we got to find
something yeah just meters our room look
flipped wasn't this over there earlier
and this was over here what the hell
what I swear this couch was on this side
of the room I think my mind's playing
tricks on me yeah actually we have a
arrangement with the hotel because fans
you've shown them up they swap rooms
every so often so it's always a mystery
where we're actually at so we just walk
and walk and walk you know what this
island needs more live music at least
where we're at it's all just food and
restaurants it's like they know we want
to eat all the top
yeah we don't want to eat because we
already did that we want music like
bands and this is just look at this
you know what I think we should eat all
right guys this is my night right here
sitting on this balcony this is my view
editing as always I'm editing we tried
to go out and find a band there's just
there I had a couple drinks so we
couldn't drive we didn't find anything
here so I'm just gonna edit tonight and
kickball tomorrow hopefully sales in say
yesterday was just full of fails we
couldn't get to the top of a mountain it
was closed we did later find out the
trees I guess there was a big storm here
the Friday before we got here the
snorkeling spot kind of sucked because
it was murky we didn't find a freaking
band tonight I'm the bad dude
I'm going to bed I'm just gonna edit get
this up for you guys and I hope you
enjoyed it even though most of it wasn't
male today we love you we got a lot of
crazy stuff coming up right now we're
just trying to get the feel for this
island and we have some fun I love you
guys thanks for the likes you've blown
it up we love you thank you smile boy
coming up on this place look at this
