hey guys before I start this vlog I want
to tell you that we flew if you watch
yesterday's vlog then you know we flew
Britney's grandma mama to Los Angeles
she thought that was her big surprise
mama was so excited to come to Los
Angeles but what she didn't know is that
her dream her whole life she always said
before she died she wants to see Las
Vegas so she thinks her surprises to
come to LA but we have another plan for
her so what are we doing today it's
early what are you doing today my long
in the kitchen
well we got a surprise for you no no why
because we're gonna walk today it's all
weekend and we're leaving today
we got hotels we got a minivan and we're
leaving I just got a idea I got to go
film real quick when I get back we're
leaving oh you're kidding no so you have
to stay and help Britney get ready
you're still gonna clean the kitchen oh
we're gonna have so much fun
no strip clubs just starting to catch a
little that morning son what's up my
friends it's 6:45 a.m. it's early for me
I'm not used to getting up this early
but it's a great day I'm headed to
finish up the ball video with Freddie W
and his team and then it's off to Las
Vegas for grandma's dream trip she's so
excited I got to stop for my daily
stomachache I've got to start drinking
to eating better guys I know what to say
Haley get back on that good habit you
need some dirt this is how you know
you're getting close
oh my god yeah it's awesome
these balls are literally everywhere
everywhere you go they're here in every
hallway every room there's at least Abe
oh I told you I would show you guys more
today so here we go it's a beautiful
camera man you ready Freddie
okay so we've been shooting for a while
this is your intro is so good
it takes a lot of people to make this
stuff happen that's crazy
how do we go alright yep power lovers
going crazy alright guys that was an
absolute blast I spent about three and a
half hours shooting so I didn't have my
blog camera on me because if it fell out
of my pocket I would be screwed losing a
camera and then balls somebody lost
their keys in there so I'm curious to
see how that works out we're not
stopping guys we're off to Las Vegas
right now we're gonna take grandma on
her dream trip and another cool thing my
mom and dad fly in the Las Vegas today
for a tradeshow Vegas has some of the
biggest convention centers in the
country so they'll be there for their
company which means everything lines up
perfect and I'm gonna get to see my mom
and dad which is fantastic alright just
met Britt over at the rental car company
and we're taking this suite bad boy
leather seats yeah
only the best vans for my girl please
he's gotta be 22 right we should at
least stop and get some hubcap spinners
for the all right you think your
grandma's ready yeah she's like not
gonna expect this luxury no we can't
take her we could take scions part of
Vegas tuning my house yeah you ready for
Vegas mom let's do it well we're not
getting the biggest quick guys there's
just no quick way there it's nice and
roomy you guys got plenty of room yeah
we could run from each other back yeah
my Los Angeles will be back rich it's
the city
that's Los Angeles stop a little gas
station here the traffic is so bad I
feel like we haven't went anywhere
are you dreaming yeah I know I can tell
snacks for the road every road trip
means it's a 5-hour Drive and we've been
in traffic
oh that's look sweet we are you gotta
have good snacks on a road trip that's
like a rule for me you got to stop and
get lots of snack that's a lot of junk
food right there I think I finally found
something that irritates Roman Atwood
look at the speed for hours this is in
saying we can't even get out of the city
we're like two hours of driving and we
haven't even hardly gone anywhere we're
gonna get in so late it doesn't look bad
on camera it's like oh we got plenty of
space I can I can walk this fast
here's a cup up here's why that's not
why it could be why it's not why it's
not I want to get out of this car
driving alongside I'm a mom I'll drop ya
you get out just walk beside the car
drive what people would say you got a
watch doing that in LA cuz it you're
allowed two motorcycles are allowed to
go right up the middle
yeah so if you're walking in the middle
maybe you could well there better be a
lot of frigging cops
okay guys since this is a real mental
test
traffic's a real mental test we all have
to say one positive thing about this
yeah it was it was raining like not long
ago okay that's good Momo what's one
thing positive about this I'm not
driving okay that's good kind of leaving
me no choice
you know on the positive side is I get
to spend a lot more time with that
lady's windows down and she can smoke
and not be like full-blown air
there's a great view of what we have to
look forward to you want to go to Vegas
mama we're on our way the other side
looks so good I just won't go on the
other side the road we just kind of
pulled off get out of the traffic it's
totally wherever it is you got it must
be windy out you the crazed du+ cane had
to go not number one he was gonna be in
my vlog all right we just met a bunch of
cool awesome dudes they're also headed
to Vegas and you have to recognize me
from what video what video sticks you
siphoning gas any guy from duck
dynasty's here which is cool always all
right you can see the Lexar shoot it's
giant
bright light into this Space Center yeah
we made it we made it before midnight
barely we did its 1138 is the big pirate
ship fire took a while but we're here
you guys remember where we parked right
don't get sucked in I don't want to pull
you out sis how we get to our room
can I write on that I feel like he's
tipping every
you ready to win a million dollars yes a
million dollars oh we can alright we
made it it's really late by the time we
got checked in it's so late Mama's gonna
get some sleep so we have an awesome fun
day for her in Las Vegas tomorrow can
you got your own bed right beside mommy
and daddy
not much board games gonna be happening
tonight all right guys the fun thing is
is no matter how late it is I get to
edit so that's what I got to do right
now
I got a crack down the Edit thanks for
being my best friend all right I'm gonna
tuck in this little boy and call it a
night we love you guys thanks Pablo up
and support thanks for always smashing
that like button for us we'll see you
tomorrow smile it's nice and warm
how's your flight house Ohio just
