hey guys before I start this vlog some
of you have noticed that the vlogs are a
day behind there's a delay in order to
get rid of that delay I will be
combining the delay vlog with today's
vlog all into one vlog so that we can
get caught up and back on track so today
we'll have yesterday's and the day
before is in it so that we're caught up
tomorrow live and funky-fresh enjoy most
of my friends we are in the heart of too
much money where Beverly Hills they have
shops that literally have t-shirts for
thousands of dollars and blankets that
cost a quarter million dollars and it's
mind-blowing they know immediately when
you walk in that you don't belong here
so that brings us to this question why
are we here there's one of these that's
a lot so we are completely out of food
at the house and Brittany wants to go
grocery shopping but we have to eat
first you never go grocery shopping
hungry ever right or you'll spend double
the money and waste half the food
because it'll go bad and get jumped you
can't even eat it fast enough so we're
gonna eat real quick I think you're
gonna go to the grocery store
okay now you're gonna hang out play
nee-nee-nee hot wings oh my gosh it
looks so good and french fries you know
what Brittany got and King our
strawberries corndogs
so bright it's so bright out once again
we don't know we're really part this is
becoming a daily problem I thought we
were on to you too but we're not because
we parked somewhere around here and our
car's not here
oh I'll knock it over plus boss boss for
sure mm-hmm okay all right it was three
this place is a cluster of expensive
things there's actually I think two
streets over there's a Bugatti Bugatti
that always sits in the same spots
actually in Grand Theft Auto it sits in
the same spot in that game there's a
Bentley behind me it's just so much
craziness here the GTR I don't know if
we showed you Cain's new scooter but
he's rocking it he takes it everywhere
pretty much carries it mommy went
grocery shopping and we get to stay home
playing games with my man not exciting
for you guys but exciting for me that's
for sure yeah me too
well you weren't gone very long
so much for me and Kane time we have
like 30 minutes that's not if any of you
guys live in an apartment the worst
thing is grocery shopping I guarantee
it's the worst cuz you got to carry
things I recommend getting one of these
carts makes life so much easier we
learned really quick that groceries were
terrible when you live in our apartment
we just got this at a hardware highly
recommended hey you know we got to give
that away today right you know give it
away with me
Kane really doesn't not your scooter
this this the smile more picture
every time I've mentioned giving this
way he's like nah anyway we've skipped
through a little bit of today we got
some off-camera time Ebert ain't Kane
just hung out a little bit but now we
are headed out me and my boy we're gonna
play some old-fashioned video games
that's right we'd have fun
me and you Brittany got invited out with
her cousin Laurie to find a special
outfit but you guys will know about in a
day or two and so while they're doing
that and she took a vlog camera and
we're gonna head out let's go so be
honest with me guys this is this is the
problem with my brain I feel like the
vlog should be starting right now when
we're actually going out and doing stuff
I'm kind of forcing myself to put normal
things like us just going out to lunch
in here because I feel like it's so
boring so be honest with me tell me in
the comments cuz I'm I want to start the
ball right here of course we can't go
anywhere without the scooter boy did
your flock where are we where are we we
just got here come dude I want to see
what this is this the cutest thing
you've ever seen
go oh look at that
ah he likes he's like the size of that
flip-flop look you won't see where the
flip-flop look yeah he gets surf on that
here sit down let him let honey
he'll just play on your legs he won't
bite you know he's friendly say here
I'll give you kisses oh oh here yours
hurry girls here you get ahead on patty
one spin he's a Mike yeah he said I can
can I've never seen him this excited he
likes you
you know it's so cool about me coming
over here right now I launched my game
channel yesterday yeah you see and I'm
about to open my Mario Kart no I'm
kidding right it must come on Mario Kart
oh dude I haven't played that it what
okay guys I have to like actually tell
you thank you because as it might not
look like but I am NOT like just a
vlogger like it's hard for me to just
pull the camera out at any point because
like when you're in public it's like
what is that girl doing why should I
know Tama the I know I'm talking to you
guys so I love like you know you guys
telling me I did a good job and
everything it really helps so I just
want to say thank you okay so while you
can see me we're doing with photo booth
or hey now there's a thing on the
outside okay wait I would take your
photo sixth time okay I saw like some
page I don't know oh wait oh that was
her first one okay five more time air oh
my god there's no it slightly crazy or
no warning most photo verse one is oh
look I'm like not ready and you're
looking down my eyes are closed I like
wait to see red so funny boss but it was
like a 321 click no no warning no
warning at all
for the vlog Laurie really wants me to
be like a fashion show like different
outfits this is her first outfit she's
picking don't you guys think she should
do a fashion show they've been full
support hold like this I don't know if I
could pull it off for you straight line
I will try them on that does not look
like my size Oh looks good two different
eyes Laurie no absolutely none right no
way
now this button right here is report
mm-hmm is it hitting it turned out
hitting and truck okay okay so Lauren
take camera I'm gonna try these
ridiculously amazing she's gonna give me
a thumbs up or down so you guys have to
give me a thumbs up or thumbs down City
Fashion Show hey take the camera for
busting out the old school Nintendo 64 K
and offers I guarantee a lot of you are
actually too young to even play this
most of you
I'm a mess yeah this is like my main
system I grew up with right here 64
Goldeneye Mario Kart uh starfox try to
remember all the games I should play
remember Zelda all that was the bomb
dude
honestly how to play this I can't even
remember last time you ready to rock it
out three-player game new members just
ECC's 100 are there 50 slow honor it's
fast hundred fifty is even faster wait
here's the speed oh yeah fifty is like
easy then you know when we had this game
TVs were like half the size - haha
looking good looking good bread do it
runway walk hey yeah we have some really
cute ones do it to a runway walk we only
saw sideways Oh fine thumbs up surrett
Lauren just got here you guys have fun
that's all I told Britt before we got
here that she was gonna fall in love
instantly with the song ah pick it up
how much does it weigh like for retail
he's actually twenty pounds to the power
dogs have a girl sieve oh sure sure
Brittany and Lori brought a bottle wine
um and she oh my god you didn't cut your
hand off have you done this before no
how's it gonna come out of this I'm just
gonna push it down in that looks awful
now I wouldn't go in or go out you can't
go out cuz you need like to go out in
this other such a bad conversation and
if I just block the screen you know me
no idea why don't you cable oh great you
like you just have to push it down I've
done that before the within it like it's
gonna splurt out and really do this
did I've had so much fun tonight this
has been like memories of playing video
games with friends dude I wonder why I
wonder who the winner was tonight who
the loser
regardless it's beautiful day and I lose
it's been really fun if Roman Everton do
they know how much you play no well yeah
if Roman ever tells you guys he's not
gonna call of duty's the biggest liar in
the entire world
let me just I'm just gonna leave it at
that hey I don't think I'm that good I
think you're just those who happen you
can show you that all you guys are rock
band called the you know that hey what
now I want to play him in FIFA because I
need to get a little yes go gotta get
with me this is where he learned his
carpet yeah
what's up my friends I hope your day is
beautiful and perfect I am headed to
sign actually needs their car back but
luckily they call me this morning
they're gonna swap me out for another
one which is a huge help as you guys
know for me and my family while we're
here that way after I take the car back
it's off to after take the car back it's
off to shoot day one of after I take the
car after take the car back it's part
one of two shoots so after I after I
swap oh my god I can't speak after I
swapped this car out I'm off to shoot
one of two days of filming for a new
video it's gonna be really fun can't
wait to show you what it is because it's
very similar to something I've already
done that you guys love God we turn the
car looking clean and nice I got left
over uh graphic paper from Britney's
birthday I guess I'll just pitch it I
wish I could give it to some kid oh man
haha all right little guy this is
goodbye for now you've been good you've
been great I think they upgraded me this
is nice
hooked me up with a TC and it's got a
sunroof which is really nice in LA I
would imagine that Kane would like that
a lot so just worked over to the store I
got to find some blank t-shirts for
today's shirt shoot now what is with me
today I know you see I have one on right
now but it's so short it's like it's so
bad it's like old I got a pitch it and
find some new shirts that fit me so yeah
you don't wanna copyright infringement
trademark problems with YouTube so you
always wear blank shirts or shirts up
with logos that you own but this baby
blue I am next stop is rocketjump
studios now to you guys may not mean
much to me um Freddy and his team have
made some of the cool back when I
started youtuber I don't even if I had a
youtube channel yet they were producing
some of the most
bad asked videos on YouTube hands down
they were killing it and he's went on to
do so much great things video game high
school and just so many cool things so I
feel honored today to be collaborating
with him on this project
alright guys a lot of pain and work cut
out for you I know
thank you again you look at all these
years did this isn't even a fraction of
it they got this massive room over here
way down here full I believe somebody on
the carry I mean did you end up you say
less than half over calculate it's so
bad
me and my brother we spent like a while
with okay well balls this size how much
face it gonna tell ya this is what we
need
yeah truck showed up we load it all in
life we start filling the house and like
we haven't even use half the ball on the
video like I was like there's a lot
still in the garage
yeah man half of these bags never even
got open like this is unopened I guess
anything with mixed balls has been
opened okay yeah cuz they came as fall
color yeah alright guys I'm out of there
it was a quick today I'll be able to
show you up yeah I'll tell you I'm like
stuttering Stanley today I'll be able to
show you a lot tomorrow today we just
shot intros and introductions for the
video and apparently the video is gonna
take
two or three weeks to come out because
there's so much CGI special effects in
it I cannot wait to see it I'm very
excited to be a part of the project and
I know that if they're behind it's gonna
be good it's gonna be fun it's gonna be
a fun collaboration all right guys I had
to stop at home get changed I had just
enough time to go pick up a very special
person and I have plans if you've been
waiting on a new prank the wait is
almost over you know what happened to
music man now don't get me wrong I like
I can listen to just about any type of
music I'm a music guy it doesn't matter
what it is I can get into it but there's
something about old music that really
hits my heart like metal like guitar
solos and instruments music with
instruments some about it I miss it like
the squirrel pians dude that's a real
guitar
I don't know and I know I can't speak
opinions anymore because there's so many
sides and people get this up people get
upset but I don't know just just
spitballing
all right guys anybody want to take some
guesses on who I'm picking up before I
pick up this person there's about to be
a huge surprise happening for this
person I explained I was playing in a
minute after all right guys so I'm at
the airport I'm waiting on we're picking
up mom all that's right we're picking up
Britney's grandma she was calling for
the last week just really down and she's
just dreaming of being with us so I told
Brittany I was like booked a flight she
was shot she's blown away she's like
tearing up but that's not the surprise
there's a huge surprise for and I can't
wait to share she comes here she comes
it's gonna be massive guys you gotta
love him
are you happy to be in LA it's nice and
warm
how's your flight how's Ohio is it still
snowing
yes it's Nomad ah perfect time to leave
alright well it's cool let's cold milk
but before we land home we had to stop
yes and Chinese one of my favorite
places is good yes it's a meets
standards mama'll standards you're
probably diners get almond relax right
we feel good feel good okay good
good great cram ma malls here oh now
we're gonna show me what you wanna show
me all he wants to do right away show
you his new Lego game that's it this is
alright guys it's that time I told you I
was gonna give away the painting right
here that Britney and Kane personally
made you watch the vlogs hi can I love
you buddy
so told you guys I was gonna do the
scrolling contest right a scroll Scroll
scroll Scroll scroll and wherever the
cursor lands that's who wins as of now
there's 40 100 comments including mine
alright so here we go fit I'm gonna
place the arrow on the screen I'm gonna
scroll all right it has to land exactly
on a name you'll see it light up when it
hits all right so here we go
who's gonna be the winner and it's gotta
be a good comment I said that so here we
go
scroll Scroll scroll Scroll scroll
Scroll scroll Scott nothing nothing
oh my god so close
chase knew and I'm sorry keep going keep
going oh my gosh it's like almost
touching giulio are so close they get so
close every time one ah
oh my god come on baby come on my God
look let's see if I'm lucky it's almost
touching the name but it's not okay
original HD we've got a winner here it
is boom that took so long
let's serious comments as my camera
blows should I sign it
yeah you should saya okay original HD
check your private message says please
pick me room and I've watched your vlogs
from the very first one so please pick
me and don't forget smile more and even
hashtag oh yeah all right no hey you
guys know I will do more giveaways I
actually want to start doing even more
because they're fun it's easy and it's
fun for you guys it's fun for us as well
so there you have it
um original HD I'm writing you a message
right now you won let's see if I've
perfected my signature with all them
plastic balls and then I got it I got a
new way to do it
see I use the O's as eyes and a smiley
face so cute x marks the spot that's
perfect
this just came out wood that looks nice
alright guys I'm going to end the vlog
and keep in mind that today's vlog was
actually Wednesday and Thursdays
yesterday's Wednesday and yesterday's
vlog we're now currently caught up so
there'll be no more delay as some of you
have pointed up but there was a gap so
now we are all caught up and you'll be
officially always watching yesterday's
day so confusing I love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow and don't forget to
smile more all right guys I have a big
big surprise for Mama um she thought her
surprise was coming to LA but it's not
I'm not going to tell her what it is
till tomorrow morning
so be in tomorrow's vlog but she's gonna
it's gonna be the first time you ever
seen a grandma I'll do it back it's so
excited the screaming is what
