you guys want to come to work with me
today I think you kids think you're
talking to them the kids are like I want
to go to work with you yeah I was going
to take our friends
I'm so excited to bring you guys to work
so I'm a civil trial attorney so I don't
do any divorces or criminal law mostly
its disputes between business owners or
people making claims against an
insurance company and I love my job I'm
in a situation right now where I get to
pick and choose which cases I will or
will not take and some people will come
in they'll tell me about their situation
what's going on and I will give them my
advice what I think the chances are they
have of winning their case and what I
think the value of their case is whether
it's worth it to get an attorney and
it's great I mean I I feel I know a lot
of times people think of attorneys as
big mean jerks who make a lot of money
and I don't think I'm necessarily fit
into any of those categories
I love advising people and helping them
most of the times that people I'm
working with are really going through
something really difficult and really
hard and so being able to be a counselor
and an advisor and a friend and
to help people going through a hard time
and someone who can come in and help
solve a problem that people or
businesses can't solve on their own by
being creative being passionate fighting
for their cause and convincing the other
side why this should get resolved okay
so here's my office this is where I
spend a lot of my time every day so this
is where we keep all of our files this
is my legal assistant April she's the
best she makes everything work get in my
work life Thank You April her office has
several conference rooms but this is
right next to my office and so typically
when I am meeting with a client for the
first time or we're getting ready for a
deposition or trial we'll come in here
to consult and talk about what's going
on so I spend a good amount of time in
this conference room as well so one of
our partners brings his dog wiggles into
the office occasionally I think that
tells you about how awesome my firm is
it's really cool Wiggles
widows come here Wiggles is a begging
April for some crackers or cookies or
Wiggles come here come here
so this tree Isak named George
we bought it I think a little before
Isaac was born so six or seven years ago
we've kept it with me I love that I have
it in my office now so here's a little
taste of what I do all day
pretty exciting stuff honestly though I
don't spend a ton of time doing this
last week we had like all day of
deposition where I'm helping people out
there getting asked a bunch of questions
where I'm asking people a bunch of
questions or going into court for
different hearings there's a lot of
phone calls and emails back and forth
with opposing counsel and trying to
negotiate settlements that's a lot of
what I do alright so once I get into
work I normally throw up a soundtrack
playlist like I love listening to music
while working and today I'm getting
ready for a I have a trial coming up on
a construction law case and so I'm
making sure we have everything put
together we have all the evidence that
we need and make sure we're ready to go
I should probably pick that up when I
come home normally the same thing
happens every day we'll see if it
happens today so you guys can see what
my life is I put my arms around his neck
and hug him tight like this Oh Patty's
cheeks and give him what a great big
kiss you have a dance for dad show us
your dance for daddy it's a dance for
daddy I've got something even better for
daddy I'll put your diaper no just a
baby
yep daddy's home yes it's safer now
that's a good face so do you want to see
what's for dinner
dinner's ready we have pumpkin muffins
what was that
Oh punku muffins pumpkin muffins and
cilantro chicken weights cilantro lime
chicken black bean soup yumminess mommy
so I took our leftover cilantro lime
chicken and made it is I made it into
soup I'm feeling quite domestic anyway
let's eat so we were having some trouble
getting the kids to go to bed and Kendra
came up with this idea we're headed up
to bed turn around you want your toe
stick out your tongue flap your elbows
well they're from knock your bed hey
roll around stick out your tongue flap
your arms
zi long nah go ahead how this is going
to translate to bed will be fun to see
you
you
you
