all right good morning hey kids where we
headed we're going to the church to do
some cleaning
clean up
so right out of high school I worked for
a friend who owned a window washing
business to this day one of my favorite
jobs so it's cleaning windows
Caleb decided he needed to go who and
the girls bathroom so we just finished
cleaning at the church and we're heading
up to the local grocery store were doing
some service for the Salvation Army
ringing bells and the reason we're doing
this Kendra started a service club with
several other moms in the community and
every month month and a half they do
some different service thing and we do
it as a family so some months we'll go
gleaning in the fields you know after
the fields were already been harvested
and there's leftover food we've done
that a couple times we've done other
service projects so this was one of them
was during the holidays we're going and
we're going to be ringing bells for the
Salvation Army I think it's really cool
that Kendra did this Heather's an
organizer like she'll have an idea about
something and want to do something and
she likes to do it with other people and
so she'll get a group of moms together
and it's a really impressive thing about
her she did that with the freezer group
she did that with like a singing group
and she did it with the service club so
she's really a cool amazing person that
I just love so much are you talking
about you awkward awkward and then first
no it's actually snowing and we're gonna
be outside for a while in it it's pretty
small flakes you can't even see it but
it's happening trust me you can see a
little accumulation of snow see that
yeah exactly that's the key
really not give money to those little
people
this grandpa came up to me and he gave
me two dollars for Laura a two dollar
bill and I was like sir you don't have
to do that he said I'm a grandpa I can
do whatever I want to I can give two
dollars to babies so Laura and her
little cute face
and she didn't even have to ring bells
or stand by the Salvation Army thing so
maybe we'll give it their thanks true
we'll just put Laura's face up next time
so the snow really started coming down
for our friends who are out there doing
it
suckas really started coming down hey
it's Kelly whoa this is a freaking
blizzard you can see that's no
accumulation is happening it's the first
snow so it's always more dramatic first
wonderful snow of the year I think we
better go home and drink some hot
chocolate in honor about being the first
Saudi Arabia snowman there's not quite
enough snow yeah berries on a boy
you
