we've gotten our chores and our
responsibilities on our calendar
notebook done so now it is time to make
some cookies
I love everything and anything pumpkin
and Danish moyer over from the channel
SHhhh movies she posted about some
pumpkin cookies that she made that she
really liked so I'm gonna try them we're
making the Swart Ricky thanks for the
recommendation guys you get it
thank you it ready for its final mix you
want to get a 10
kind of thinks it's gonna exploit how
we're like blast off or something you're
making that bra
what was that oh yeah we all take a bite
what about your life you get a little
bite what about your life daddy should
she have my - okay a little bite I'll
have my little bite then bite for you
bring on the germs
Daniel drive your neighborhood when what
we won't you ride along with me ride
along here your tiger Daniel Daniel in
your hmm so we're having the randomest
weirdest night at our house we are going
to the library right now and it is after
bedtime normally happens at our house
kind of bizarre we had hoped to go to
the library earlier today and it didn't
work out on our schedule so then we were
going to go right after dinner but then
like our kids also synchronize bleep
pooped and so then we bathed everybody
and then Laura would need and then I
decided that I needed to practice
personal hygiene and bathe as well it
had been a couple things yeah you know
everyone smile
cut me where are we
here's the stack of books the library
just wasn't this fun when I was a kid
Kendra's like this is the reason we
don't normally bring you to the library
this is probably this is probably also
the reason she only brings me here after
everyone's already asleep
the only time she allows me out in
public for the only people here
see say bye
you
you
