laughs all right so yesterday it was 60
degrees here in Kansas City and this
morning it's below freezing and Caleb
saw the little frost out here this is
the very beginnings of winter and Caleb
what did you say you wanted to do all
right you want to lick it
you brought a spoon out here to look at
okay be so careful climbing down there
okay what's the hi today buddy 39 so I'm
wearing four shirts one a multi ball
dress short sleep - there's a soft in
each beat and my warmest pants he's
prepared you ready for the cold yeah
wait what you're missing a sock that's
gonna be cold out there with that one so
jeremy has a big job ahead of him right
now what are you doing I'm uh trying to
put in a new graphics card into our
computer an internal hard drive and a
power supply and I've never done any of
that before so we'll see how it goes I'm
a little nervous I really trust this guy
in a lot of areas of life this isn't one
of those words of a computer is one of
those areas well if you've never see us
again
this is what happens the computer guy
you're imploded we can no longer vlog so
I have all of the cords undone from the
power supply except for one and it's in
that situation where it's like I don't
want to yank too hard because I might
break the motherboard of my computer but
if I don't yank hard enough it's just
going to stay in it hmm I love how to
all the computer people out there they
could just laugh at this and be like
what's the big deal you know it's not
that complicated but hey let's turn it
on ooh fans are going turned it on
the fans are working it turned on it's
installing updates up to 20 4514
upgrades we don't know if this is gonna
work its update does it work for we
don't know
my feet are sweaty your feet are sweaty
you're loose then your feet are sweaty
your butt must be crazy sweaty I have a
little bit of a sweaty butt so now Reina
oh there's this fear a day Oh what is
this oh hey so we just logged on after
being away from our computer for a long
time and 550 subscribers that's pretty
exciting
you guys Thanks
wow that was really high pitch you guys
Thanks we had no idea when we started
vlogging if anyone would watch and we'd
ever get to 50 yeah so it's been really
fun to get to know so many people and to
see comments and to see to see people
watching our vlogs it's exciting we
appreciate it we were talking about my
beard yeah what do you think look can we
call it a beard I don't think we can
call it a name is long scruff my peach
fuzz it's funny because I haven't
depositions tomorrow
you know I'm an attorney and so it's
kind of embarrassing it's like you know
the teenage kid trying to grow it out
the in-between phase I would say much
anything is kind of embarrassing you saw
Mike Kendra's brother on yesterday's
vlog you know Harry one he claims that
if I just give it one more week because
he said his looks like this when he's
first growing it out to like it just
takes a while to get it long enough that
you're legitimately pulling off a beard
so I'm kind of hopeful I think we're
kind of at a point of no return like if
we're ever going to see if you can grow
a beard we need to do it just need
push through yeah but I'll be honest
like I really like scruff I think it's
like super handsome and I'm totally okay
with the look of it but I am like not
super enjoying it's not as compared
it'll get softer anything like I go in
for a kiss and I'm like oh yeah I just
got poked all over all right Jay house
up goodnight
