okay I'm heading on my way to the man
blast it's for something in the morning
I was up all night editing I'd haven't
gotten sleep yet it's one of the unique
things about daily vlogging and camping
in the mountains where there's no
internet reception
you got to like pre-plan for the
vlogging
okay so we're on the man blast what do
we call this like the guy who I think
it's a guy blasting sounds but we're on
the guy blast this is Mike tires brother
he's a hairy beast I'm all yeah he flew
up from San Francisco is that right
that's correct
San Jose San Jose you got Sam you well
Sam I you came out from Provo oh yeah
very good we got Jimmy he looks you know
there's a panda Jeff is the one making
it all happen Kendra's dad
one of the first things we're doing is
helping finish this fence that Jeff has
been working on up here after a long
day's work we're practicing our Olympic
skills the javelin toss with a spud bar
fire sink so how many is that thing do
you think I doesn't say it's probably
close to 30 at least when we come on
this side all right let's see it wait
we're keeping track like who can go to
further strengthen rocks out there okay
feel the rhythm feel the rock Cool
Runnings oh pretty good alright my turn
okay you crushed me new record you got
it to the tree okay so how did you feel
about that I got there I come man yeah
oh I like the form yeah you're fun looks
excellent
not bad is that the furthest yes it is
it's the furthest one you did it you did
it it is there it is there it is there
it is there it is I barely lost the only
so it's dark out here now it's always
incredible when you're out camping to
look up at the stars movie night so
being on vacation I just took an
hour-long bat it was so relaxing
normally in my normal life I take like
three minutes showers because I'm
heading off to work somewhere quickly
and so you just like quickly do it I
love how he's holding the water bottle
like it's a baby or something so this is
one of the classic things about Arizona
you can be like up in the trees and the
mountains oh and there's a cactus right
there watch out this is the first annual
motorcycle madness
my gosh that smells good oh yeah I can
write a motor severide a motorcycle
without the training wheels and without
two adults on either end another club
breaking my header any dead master the
wheelie even though it was the
unexpected wheelie a stirred the wheelie
you survived I survived a wheelie with
the raw power of a one time but Jeff is
very healthy this just like that every
time
what's the name of that drink we all
were drinking earlier we all had some
Metamucil bacon chunky stuff now what's
the got like grindy flavor what flavor
is it original original of course of
course it's like drinking there's one
cream of wheat edge really moving a
little bit
we all had a dose of it before we came
out it was fertilized for the blast it
caused 10c a blast drink
I'm going to bed now good night Sam so
we have a church building just right
here that we can go to what we're up
camping I can we even call it camping
nutty where I have a cabin yeah
so I guys West is coming to a close and
I wanted to take some time to just go
off and walk around in the woods on my
own and ponder about life and just feel
so grateful for my family here I mean my
father-in-law is such an amazing example
and I learned so much from him in each
of my brother-in-law's here are
incredible the life experiences that
they're having and the lessons that I
learned from them and so it's really
just been a magical time to be here to
relax to step away from life to step
away from the internet and social media
and to just be in the woods and have fun
and to spend time with people that are
amazing I feel really grateful for the
weekend that I found saying goodbye to
the woods it in a time-honored way
goodbye dirt
goodbye woods it's very sad it is good
break out on me
goodbye porch
you
later man good time give them a thumbs
up and she's just gross beard out huh
you
