is yourself up like a big girl
oh you pulling yourself up keep going
what's in there good that she's trying
to stand up Oh almost almost
it's so slippery so slippery
oh ho first time first time ever to do
that first time ever you just pulled
yourself up onto your feet
I got my first well there's two let's
see it which one
yeah my goodness when do you think it's
gonna come out probably in a week or two
you think he's gonna come are you
nervous are you nervous about the tooth
coming out no I'm excited
hey kid I really wanna have a grown-up
why really fun it makes me feel like I
am really big all right we wanted to
tell you guys another part of our love
story and today we wanted to tell you
about our first year of marriage which
was actually really crappy yeah well a
little bit about my background I come
from a family where both of my my
parents were divorced when I was 11 or
12 and then they both went on to
remarried and then divorced again and
remarried again to other people and so
coming into it I really wanted to have a
successful marriage and I felt a lot of
pressure and wanted to turn things
around and so it was really sad when it
was terrible you know like that was such
a bummer during that first year and it
was discouraging was like you know does
marriage just not go well or am I just
so messed up that I can't love the way
that I need to love or I can you know be
what I need to be um I need for me
marriage is a big adjustment and I don't
do well with change ever and so marriage
like a huge change it was just really
hard for me I was very like that kind of
a relationship is just so vulnerable and
it was really hard for me to be that
open and to be I guess I saw a lot of
parts of myself myself coming out and my
personality that I didn't even know
where
and I didn't really know how to deal
with them and I didn't deal with them
very well
well in the combination of our two
personalities we fought a lot we up to
dynamite personality well pretty
stubborn and opinionated and vocal and a
little bit intense
and we're both we're not people to just
like let things slide off our backs and
we're also not people to kind of hold
stuff in like if I'm angry I'm told
about it and he's angry he's didn't tell
me about it
so there was a lot of that going on in
our first year marriage yeah then had a
lot to learn it's just hard because I
remember picturing in my mind what it
would be like you know you watched the
romantic comedies or I remember you know
the TV shows that I grew up on you know
is like oh I'm going to be so wonderful
to my wife and and it exposes you
marriage and a lot of ways brings out
you know some of the it puts you in an
environment where a lot of the
weaknesses you have can come out so at
the one-year mark we decided to go in
for marriage counseling and that was
really hard for me I felt like a failure
it was definitely outside of my comfort
zone to go in for help I had been
through a lot of counseling with my
family growing up and so I was excited
about it well yeah I was excited about
it I thought it would help and it did
help and the fact that our first year of
marriage was so difficult and we stuck
with it and we were patient with each
other and with ourselves and decided to
be committed to working together to me
that's maybe one of the most important
parts of our life story and it hasn't
been like a magical change overnight
like it took a lot of work you're still
working at a lot of these things still
working at it we're still stubborn
intense passionate vocal people
oh we're made for each other yeah by the
way there were good parts of our first
year marriage to and will be held about
those leaving yeah we had a lot of
really good parts of our first year
range
you
you
