all right do I eat the scraps off my
kids plate because I don't have time to
make my own meal do I move stuff in the
background right before filming and just
shove it to the sides guilty
don't you like my clean background now
okay
hey this is Kendra from jade house and
I'm doing the guilty or innocent tag
today and that tag was created by Lisa
party of five I was tagged by this
pretty month
so here goes am i guilty or innocent of
the following items say you are letting
a dish soap when in reality you just
don't feel like washing it totally
guilty do I restart the dryer to avoid
folding I think I'm innocent on that one
I definitely restart the dryer but it's
not to avoid folding it's to get the
wrinkles out of the clothes that I
intended to fold that have been sitting
in there too long do I hide when eating
so I don't have to share with kids yes
guilty I'm a mom doesn't everybody do
that I thought that was normal I swear
my kids like they hear the crinkling of
a wrapper and they come running do i
okay the five-second rule I'm actually
innocent of the five-second rule I am
like a germaphobe about those types of
things something falls on the ground and
I'm like harm none I'm not good anymore
here say it's an hour leader so you can
get the kids into bed
I'm innocent at that but that is genius
and I may have to do that this week
three washing laundry because you forgot
to switch it over to the dryer yes
guilty for sure um I hate it when that
happens it's wiping at the dirty spots
on the floor with a rag and convincing
yourself you mopped I definitely am
guilty of just wiping the dirty spots on
the floor but I don't try to convince
myself that I mopped I just am grateful
that I like contained the stickiness and
didn't let it get worse asked the hubby
to pick up takeout or call for takeout
because you forgot to thaw something I'm
definitely guilty of asking you I may
bring home food but normally the
conversation is hey I don't feel like
making dinner how about you go get us
something
do I let kids run around in diapers or
underwear because all their clothes are
in the laundry I definitely am guilty of
my kids running around in there
for underwear I mean have you seen caleb
but it's not because they don't have any
clean laundry it's because I can't get
them to keep their clothes on Caleb he's
a stripper no justice do I wash dishes
by hand because you don't want to unload
the dishwasher I'm actually sincerely
innocent of that one I love unloading
the dishwasher it's my favorite chore
did I clean more in ten minutes before a
guest arrives then you have all week
probably I'm definitely guilty of that
on occasion Jeremy and I joke that we
have to have a visitor over like once a
week so our house gets clean dropping
with something on floor and instead of
cleaning it up calling the dog we don't
have a dog so I'm going to go with the
not applicable on that one remove makeup
before you go to bed or leave it on so
I'm totally guilty of this are you not
supposed to leave on your makeup at
night
oops have I placed the blanket over a
wet spot so you don't have to change the
sheets in the middle of the night I'm
actually innocent of that one I think do
I wear jeans multiple days in a row if
they look clean uh yes I actually own
like two or three pairs of pants and I
just wear them on repeat do I eat the
scraps off my kids plate because I don't
have time to make my own meal I'm
actually innocent of that one for some
reason if it's been on my kids plate
it's like completely worst me all right
eating a kid's stash of Halloween or
Easter candy yes guilty completely do I
say my child is allergic to something so
I don't have to share no but I have said
that I'm allergic to something so I
don't have to eat it does that count
put a wrinkled shirt back in the dirty
clothes even if it's clean so you don't
have to iron innocent
I never ironed so that's kind of
irrelevant do i procrastinate getting
into the shower but then don't want to
get out guilty why is it so hard to get
in the shower I don't know why I put
that off so much rehearse an argument in
my head just in case yes
I've also been known to rehearse the
argument out loud you didn't ask that
question sorry
ignoring text for days and then say oMG
my reply
through no I'm innocent of that one
snooping in other people's bathroom
cabinets okay I'm gonna go with an
innocent just because I can't remember a
specific time but it wouldn't surprise
me if I had done that especially the
like mirrored cabinets those things are
cool I always want to open them just cuz
they like magnetically shut again do I
turn the radio down in the car when lost
or looking for a number on a house I'm
probably guilty no specific memories
except for a memory of growing up we
have a famous quote from my dad when he
said before kids I can't see class do I
use perfume fliers that come in
magazines no I'm innocent on that one
have I lied about my age innocent lied
about my kids age to get a better deal
innocent have I given someone the wrong
number on purpose also innocent have I
peed in the shower as an adult probably
guilty but I've been pregnant four times
and when I'm pregnant I'm not known for
a strong black I've never like purposely
peed in the shower as an adult well
there's the tag I bet you know more
about me than you ever wanted to I'm
going to tag my good friends Carly
Nicole Elliot and Jim and Lynsey logs so
be sure to check out their tags and
everybody's in the links below
