we definitely weren't planning on potty
training Caleb we decided that with his
personality and our personalities is
probably best just let the kid
potty-trained himself and he's got to
the point where I think he's ready for
this
Caleb what did we get you Nicki there
what is it uh under womb is this big boy
underwear try em on
go run around let's see how you like him
no put it back on put them back on keep
in mind it's old enough this is totally
different than the way that we potty
trained our first two with our first two
like we potty training them and anyway
we'll see what happens
this may be a huge mistake I had those
ones they're super awesome
Isaac has a field trip today with a big
homeschool group that we found here in
the Kansas City area they're going up to
the royal stadium which we were there
recently for the World Series somebody
so the tour's been pretty fun we got to
go into the locker room and the dugout
press conference going on downstairs so
some fun stuff to see all right so I'm
attempting to take all four of them to
Wendy's I chose Wendy's because there's
no play place so I don't have to deal
with getting them out of there cleaning
on them and all of that and there's not
as many people at Wendy's because
there's not a play place and it's still
novel because we don't take them out too
so fast you dry often but I don't know
this is going to go I've done it before
with just three of them without this
little bugger mmm so we'll see how this
goes cream ice cream well not until
after we eat at least what are you
wanting french fry a turkey camp you can
have a hamburger or a chicken sandwich
you own a chicken sandwich that's okay
we got to decide we're coming up
do you guys find a friend here
are they looking at you so we survived
the Wendy's experience it was amazing
how many people were friendly and helped
me out and with all the help we were
getting I was near tears many times in
Wendy's that's never been the case for
me before but there was one particular
guy who helped us out his name was Dave
Dave only has the use of one hand and on
his one hand the only has three crippled
fingers and not even the full extension
of an arm to eat his food he would have
to bend over and my food became ready up
at the front stand and so I picked up
Laura and I went up there and I was
holding Laura in one hand and the tray
of my food in the other hand and as I
was trying to get ketchup Dave came
walking by and he asked if I needed a
hand and I took the the paper cups of
for the ketchup and I stuck it under the
dispenser and Dave leaned over the
ketchup dispenser and with his three
crippled fingers push down on the
ketchup dispenser and we did that for
three full cups and I was just really
grateful that he was there and that he
was willing to help us out and it meant
a lot afterwards I was thinking David
for what he had done and what it meant
to us and he said you know people help
me all the time and that it means a lot
to me when I have the chance to help
other people
you
you
