what what what did you do did you make
your first net uh did you find a little
tiny crown so we filmed the yoga
challenge last night and I woke up this
morning and my core kind of hurts like
how lame is that that wasn't even real
exercise apparently I need to start
working out
so we're headed out on a field trip and
I'm running late this morning but I'm
feeling super grateful for my big kids
so I just had to show you real quick
Isaac is making the sandwiches for our
picnic lunch
what are you doing this um Haiti war
whoo she's feeding Laura look at that I
have kids big enough to be helpers and I
also have Caleb hi Caleb you want to do
your own sandwich we've got some serious
teamwork going on I'm so proud of these
little goobers you're doing the honey we
are headed on our field trip to the
Johnson County Museum I think that's
what it's called so again I'm not really
sure what to expect it should be fun
we're going to use our inside voices
performance for me can you curtsy do you
have a delivery sir there was a fire
the doctor and you can do surgery you
open up and see what the inside the body
is look there's a far so Isaac just
asked me a great question that I think
you can help us with what was your
question but my dad my dad for a boy but
but I think I'm on Kendra inside it so
there you have it if you were a boy he
would be on your side we were looking at
my baby pictures and there's a picture
of me when I was six years old in Isaac
what do you think you were fatter and
you add belong here I don't think I was
very fat I might have been a little
stockier I agree with Isaac I think he
looks a little bit more like my side of
the family he's got my brown eyes and
like more of a narrow face that's so
like why do you think he acted more like
mom well you were kind crazier when you
were a little whoa no thanks so I didn't
get a chance to tell you guys but on our
field trip stay I had a horrible
experience with Caleb in the public
restroom long story short I pull down
Caleb's pull-up and I had no idea that
he had pooped and an entire log of poo
falls on my leg like directly on my
pants it was disgusting then just like
so I'm like trying to clean that up like
I'm like putting it in the toilet and
like wiping it off and like using soap
and paper towels and like trying to like
scrub my leg off and Caleb meanwhile is
trying to go to the bathroom and he's
never really used a public restroom
before and he is all over everything
touching everything and he's taking his
clothes off and they're all over the
floor it was public restroom agony with
poo and a two-year-old but it was quite
the epic restroom experience sorry for
so much food shattered
you
