we're getting pumped up for the yoga
challenge whoa
hey guys we got challenged in the
couples yoga challenge I'm nervous
meet you I'm scared I'm a little bit
nervous I used to be in shape I think in
my brain I think I'm flexible like I see
it people I'm like oh I can totally do
that we were challenged by Dianna and
Kyle vlogs their new family vloggers and
they're awesome we really enjoyed some
of their blogs they're fun they also
tagged salmon Nia so be watching for
salmon Nia's video excitedness
we're watching for it
so for these we pick the ones we're
either I have to stick my butt in the
air or I put my face into the ground
because those are my skull size and then
we let Kendra do her thing but in there
I got it
your head has to go down I'm straight
hmm straight I don't just try to the
near me no fall right ready
all right
at least we think I nailed it when we're
actually watching the finish I feel like
uh I think that's what it's like my
cartwheel every time I do a cartwheel
McCartney show we're Carly yeah Kendra's
unfortunately older this is not a joke
look at let me get the music going boom
dude ah good
that was way better than normal what
killed my evil look listen now you're
like warmed up that was almost a
cartwheel my entire weight on your chest
okay good okay
now I feel like some sort of like
squatty I feel refreshed you look I'm
not mushy get that whole body let's do
the heart mmm we're pretty confident
about this one
all right be graceful Harris one our
feet chin touch
okay one two three there you go good mr.
Darby actually texted yeah I think we
made a heart
okay you have to pick our second same
time to use in your head remember your
head I was trying one two three um could
we do the other kissing one that was
cute you just want to make out with me
I'm going for that ready you just got to
go for it
why you really did my ball on my knee on
your crotch what's that drain son Hey
one two three Yoga yeah good so I'm
doing a headstand facing this way you
doing this and fixing that way and we
connect up you should have like a third
party here to connect our feet yeah I
don't think I can do a headstand so it
can help me
you're dead obviously we can do that
did you get your feet out what is fry
hon I I tried awesome
I bet we just looked just like that
maybe if I took my shirt off we would do
better I didn't expect it to be hard I
think in my brain I'm still like an 18
year old body that can you've got four
babies itself
good point what's yours is I've had four
baby anyhow we challenge high noon our
fellow Kansas Citian vloggers we love
her wards layers
she just started daily vlogging more
lately she's hilarious
yeah you got to check her out and
matsuri challenging game for a blog
they're a cute couple who just got
engaged and they have some great morning
socks all right Jay house out
