good morning guys I just wanted to say
thank you for the nice comments on
yesterday's vlog I'm feeling a little
bit better this morning I was able to
get a decent night's sleep also it
really helps that we have something fun
to look forward to today we are going to
FaceTime with Mia and Symphony I'm kind
of nervous I don't want to go all
fangirl on her she's just an amazing mom
she's just somebody that really loves
her kids and loves God I just I'm really
excited to meet her be excited a little
bit nervous me too I think mom's a
little nervous as well I'm nervous
company Symphony we're so excited to get
to know you better
what's your favorite princess on the end
because that because that part is that
bow bow and and I like the bow part when
you do a curtsy awesome symphony we were
wondering what's your favorite thing to
do with your mom whoa that sounds fun
I like playing dollhouse what's your
favorite show on the TV ah Daniel tiger
we love Daniel tiger I know it's still a
relatively new show but our kids I feel
like they sing all the little jingles
and it's like actually helpful like I'm
like yay let's share yay let's get along
I'm telling you so like the one that we
use on a day-to-day basis is find a way
to play together nuts come back yet
that's what I'm using that one too are
you showing here is this one of your
favorite toys we loved when you guys
went to the 8 was it the arboretum what
was it called that flower place that was
so funny
we shake this huge stroller Symphony's
running around and I'm fine Sam I look
over and he's like taking selfies with
people it was so funny cuz I often so
many times I've got Rudy he go and I
look over he's like sitting in Apollo
pumpkins with some random it was such a
funny part of the vlog we were like
cracking up is that a flower oh my
goodness do you have a little lamb that
plays that song yeah it's not broken
oh man I have Sunday that would be
really funny let's talk time can you
wave bye it was so good to see you guys
I don't know the stage walking isn't
anyone I talked to her some more so we
just finished facetiming with Nia and
Symphony was that so fun alright oh no
we got the freezer open buddy what's
going on my scissors he got scissors I
thought he was dancers watching cars but
he opened then it was was it five
minutes it was less than that he had
just come up I went down and checked on
him just a second ago
is that for lunch oh my gosh
let's close the freezer all right you
least wanted me to sing along with her
but we wanted to sing a song for
symphony - God gave us families to help
us become what he wants us to be this is
how he cherishes love for the family is
of God by symphony
