you put up these little hazy
she makes the cutest little clicking
noise alright guys so I'm a little bit
worried that this can be a really boring
pour down part of the vlog tonight but
we've had kind of a hard weekend and we
just wanted to tell you guys a little
bit about it it hasn't been hard for any
big reason it's been hard for like a
hundred little reasons
well mostly for kyndra starting to get
sick
where kyndra is sick and snake and I'm
really tired like I'm physically and
emotionally worn down and when I get
emotionally worn down I tend to get
pretty discouraged
yeah when mom's sick you know that
impacts the whole family so Jeremy and I
we've been in we've been really busy and
kind of in survival mode for a while and
just today we were talking about how
depleted I felt and I mean physically
with being sick but also just
emotionally and so I made a list on a
piece of paper tell me about it do i how
about here anywhere no it's not in here
so Kendra made a list of the things that
re-energized her or fill her up and most
of them are completely incompatible with
heaven for children it was like having
peace and order and quiet and like all
these things that you know don't match
up with having for little kids so
essentially it's a classic case of I
haven't been
taking care of myself I think it's
overwhelming as parents because we often
feel like we have no idea we're doing
yeah we don't know what to do we don't
know how to help each kid has a unique
different challenge and we feel
inadequate and so that's part of that's
part of the emotional discouragement
today is just feeling like there's the
discrepancy between who I want to be as
a mom and who I am as a mom and the
discrepancy between what I want our home
to be like and what our home is like can
get really discouraging sometimes and
you're just like pushing and pushing and
trying and sometimes you don't see the
results you want to be seeing we kind of
make fun of ourselves on the blog you
know we have all these magical montages
of
the great moments but I mean when you're
only taking five minutes of a 24 hour
day you can show the fun part to the
medical and the joke what we're always
joking about is it's a musical montage
because we had to cut out the audio
because somebody was screaming in the
background like two of the kids will be
laughing and playing over here and
there's you know someone in the
background like we're trying to improve
we're trying to adjust I don't know if
that's making these I just had the best
idea for a vlogger challenge oh we
should have a challenge between all the
vloggers out there to see who can hold
the camera up the longest because my
farm is dying oh you know when you're
sick and you're sick and you take a
shower and you're like I'm exhausted I
just took a shower and he like lift up
your hand to like comb your hair and you
like I'm so tired I can't go that is on
topics I'm sorry you're in the home okay
here's the nuts and bolts of it I'm sick
we're tired we have four kids it's
annoying and we have a blog and the
discrepancy between the blog in real
life is causing us some inks and I
an emotional that sums it up hope you
having a good night see you tomorrow
