all right Lucy what you doing dinner
you're putting dinner in the pumpkin
don't me to have a turn lease lease how
does this dinner look what it looks
yucky but how's it tasted it's I never
tasted before
yeah you did Leo at every Halloween I
have tasted a busy day lately with thee
very proud of my body getting its out of
your body again yeah okay so then you
literally just put your pumpkin with
your dinner in it in the oven so
cleaning out up here is so much better
than putting out a pumpkin one of them
all right what were you saying
so I I got the logo and I'm thinking
maybe if I tape this to the honeydew
she's Kendra's been making fun of me Bri
I did not just just now I made fun of
him because he came up to me and he
showed it to me in all seriousness he's
like so what do you think and I look at
it and I'm like well mmm that looks good
but is that what took you that long to
make just that like you haven't even
started on the honeydew
well I initially started I made too big
I was just gonna cut into the honeydew
and we'll see how this works
I would totally just rehand it babe you
just have to have the dimensions right
you're trying to get the dimensions
right that's like the definition of not
freehand it yet yeah so the kids just
keep begging for more honey dude that's
the only problem with trying to carve a
honey deal so he's trying to get the J
out of that house
I want to suspend a J in the air in the
middle of a pose I probably should have
gone into work already but I'm making a
Jake house out of a honey do this what
happens in your own boss let's get it
then no rush
I don't want it to poke through on the J
so I'm trained it oh no he did it worked
all right Mel hours of work well spent
so looks like we have little budding
photographers Jerry and I were trying to
selfie this picture and I look like I
could try it and then we're like sure
why not and we give it to him any turns
affect us really oh that was really good
that was really good so here they are
our little budding photographers again
how is it
that turned a great big girl hey Isaac
maybe we need a man with this into the
night and Isaac I think you need to
scoot that way a little bit there we go
I think my little friend woke up from
his nap all snuggly and cuddly so I've
been holding him and Jeremy is dishing
up dinner from back in so it's a neat
recipe there's mushrooms in here and
celery it has a texture to it a crunch
and then you can add some actual pumpkin
to it too late while you're getting your
food out of the pumpkin you grab a
little so I think the kids need some
pumpkin on their plate all right so the
pumpkin turned out really good so it's
cold out there we got several layers on
this Superman he looks the little chunky
for a Superman can you show me how you
run Superman who are you um um are you a
monkey um are you a dragon yep it's a
kind of oh oh are you honor yes oh can I
get this one
oh is it a special one love is an open
door just your outfit bud so pretty
we are in the car on our way to join
Brent and Michelle Jeremy's brother and
our sister-in-law and their family for
trick-or-treating did I lose Nikki go
get him go get him Superman this is so
hard
you know how to do Halloween print did
you grab one
Oh your your candy you're off candy yeah
I'm holding my daughter's it's a bad
time of year to be off calendar you owe
me until January 1st hey you're looking
good though
you're looking good I want you people
are Superman sign up to get it is Blake
taking you around buddy
are you going with your cousin thanks
Blake hey Isaac got tired of the helmet
so I had to help him out make sure to
say thank you thank you
hey small oh there's she's very happy
about that
you guys were so brave oh well it's
right but if you get Cheetos
what a funny toy he doesn't know what he
thinks about the next house I'm with
this see you guys hi you guys get a lot
of pain awesome have fun the rest okay
okay I'm serious
are you seriously that cute you are
give me my pinky so after
trick-or-treating we come home and the
kids dump out everything on the floor do
you like to sort it so funny when you
got with kids
there'll be options of things to grab
out of the you know when you go to
someone's house and you know I love
Snickers or a Twix or a payday and so
those options will be in the basket at
the neighbor's house and the kids will I
grabbed the gobstoppers or the bubble
colors or the whoppers it looks like the
stock below offers we've been training
them now what do you know to go for
Isaac oh god no wow watchman's does
mommy like you to get well there's two
of them that you guys three it's well
makers I rap now anyway god no we don't
like God Stoppers I'm starving on ok so
we just like all candy we're trying to
teach that no to go for the candy bars
yes if there's MMS or twigs or Snickers
choose that I also roll up put cats you
see what did you choose for your snack
and I want to do something helps me did
you want to do something healthy so you
might want the crunchy Cheetos looks
like we have a ways to go on a nutrition
class to traditional education yeah
really what did you choose wait no no no
you already had one
no but you ate a big one
you
