mr. Caleb can you hold on with both your
hands did you climb up there all by
yourself oh my goodness let's see how
tall you are
how high are you alright let's shall we
get you down you like me I can't reach
you hurry you're right I can't reach you
I can't reach you but I think you could
get yourself back down so can you go
back down the way you came up no you
can't ok well let's figure it out we'll
figure out how to get you down you want
to stay up there so you can show your
dad when he gets here well your daddy is
actually not coming here because your
daddy is working so you get to see your
daddy tonight so we can show them the
video oh my gracious game of you're
making me feel nervous
it's field trip day so we are going to
Fort Osage National Historic Site which
is apparently a fort that was founded by
Lewis and Clark anyway I honestly don't
know much about it I wish you guys find
a fuzzy caterpillar oh my god and I am
probably more probably use a monarch
probably no I touch it no you can't
hello
good job Isaac Kate let's jump down
guess what it is
is it gazelle
I became a dog how do you turn on the
fire can I do it myself you can how do
we turn it off the clap push down on the
plants and rub like with fancy yeah this
is what's called a Lewis and Clark
marker where we I love that the kids
have friends to get out and play with on
our field trips and so do i yes so I'm
changing Laura's diaper and I look over
and there is Caleb way up there I'm
gonna hit alright
we saved won't we she saved the child
from the tree it was a good day I'm
exhausted and if the Royals win tonight
then tomorrow Isaac and I are going to
Game seven of the World Series we're
taking you with us for as much as
copyright law will allow us to show
these one here it's one zero so Kendra
how do you feel about World Series you
know I mean seven possible games and
pretty excited so Kendra typically like
if I'm following a team of the playoffs
is deep down secretly really happy when
they lose because then she gets her
husband back we've missed you six to
zero and there's still one out but it's
the bottom of the second so I'm like I
don't want to get too excited but says
the man who's like completely bubbling
over with excitement I'm gonna go to the
World Series tomorrow
oh you're more excited how about you dad
I think she was joking I think Mama's
joking me I think something's happening
something's happening wait don't be sick
safe yeah
that's nine to zero oh we're going to
the World Series oh no no we're going
nine zero it's over well we're going ha
knock on some wood no we're going
