three boy
they can only thing
please
pretty cool well guy wants to rake when
he has power tools right hmm
what you doing buddy Oh what are you
doing just hang it out
so far this morning caleb has stripped
countless times he climbed up on the
ledge in our basement and then on top of
our like storage cabinet console and got
stuck there then he just came in and got
a thing of lipstick and got on the
carpet and he's currently covered in
lipstick I didn't grab the camera soon
enough to show you Jeremy has him in the
shower
and it's 9 a.m. so I think we're on
course for a good day I am a big fan of
freeform art projects I just get stuff
give a general direction and let the
kids run with it so today's general
direction was we're going to rip and
glue and create thing what do you make
an Isaac a DOS I can see that
Lacey what are you making it makes you
punk yes yeah oh those are great
eyebrows for pumpkin whoa yep you're
making a skeleton mm-hmm very nice good
all right Isaac let's see your ghost so
I sat down and I did this one I know you
guys are all impressed I'm quite the
artist and Isaac did this one and aleast
is working on her she decided to make a
fall tree too and she wanted pink and
purple grass look at those clouds up in
the sky all right what was the last one
you made me a football boy there's a
cloud right here cool all right here it
was so right here I was inspired by a
craft tutorial that I saw on enjoying
life's journey I'll link that here below
all right during quiet time miss Elise
and I like to do reading together mmm
was it say man all right how about this
one
ah-ha has good job usually do the bulk
of our sit down schoolwork during quiet
time wall hey love is sleeping hmm I
will
under why we do that so Isaac just
finished his math test
at least I already did our reading
together so here she is with her craft
box creating something girl has her
first - first - sure let's go up say
again - Shawn come on mama get it that
mama get it running like a picture oh no
it won't zoom right well it's very no
lower red you've got your first - yeah
good job it's her bottom right tooth you
did it you got a tooth
she's so adorable
oh she kissed me she did kiss me
yesterday for the first time we were
sitting in church and I went out freaky
kissies make you faggot
she thought about it oh give me kisses
can you give me kisses she's distracted
by something can you kiss that daddy he
wanted he wants it bad it was forced I
don't think you have to go right up 90
percent she has to come the rest of the
way hitch hitch how does that
jeffandlisa let's see cuz you're
something new hood it's just jacked in
you okay here we go
you
