some of my brothers have challenged us I
haven't shown these guys the video yet
but check this out
okay watch alright so uncle Travis made
a basketball shot did you see that yeah
do you guys think we can come up with a
better one than that should we come up
with some fun shots give dad's hat on
mm-hmm when did your clothes go we just
barely had them on
so in my family will spend hours playing
different renditions of horse horse
football horse ping-pong horse will get
any kind of a ball and we've had some
hilarious stuff you know like off the
stairs off the ceiling into the fish
tank we have so much fun doing it so I'm
glad my brother's side this challenge
first shot I don't if you can even see
here we go guys ready
and the backwards across the room shot
oh what the sound close okay ready
all right Travis and Jeff this is my
shot oh wow just like a half-court shot
for Isaac nailed it attaboy ok cubby
your turn
you got it nice shot hiking it hit the
ceiling in the basket
down from the ground off the wall into
the best off the blue thing into the
shoe into the shoe that's how that's
done so this wasn't originally a YouTube
challenge my brothers just sent out a
text message to all of our family and we
do that in our family with different
challenges and stuff but we're turning
it into a youtube challenge so we
challenged Austin and Jess the dykes fan
in sudden kin pet we'd love to see some
we're in one of your daily family vlogs
an amazing shot and anyone else who
wants to participate send us your
amazing shots on Facebook Twitter
Instagram with Lunda SIA
