are we in the back of the truck if we're
in the back of a truck we're heading
away from civilization we're getting
ready to head out camping
all right we're trying to get the tent
up before it gets dark
instead of just sitting inside watching
cubby are we in the tent
yeah did we put a tent up he got it up
there's a tent with still a little
glimmer of light and I was sipping the
two sleeping bags together so we have
one big happy bundle of joy tonight
which I was gonna be a part of that
bundle of joy
the last step we're covering it in
butter he's cooking our hotdogs on his
broken stick her dinner
apparently s'mores s'mores are no longer
simple look at this awesome
strawberry marshmallows regular
marshmallows and chocolate also roasting
starburst of course we did star versions
so we had to put this light thing on
Caleb so that we would know where he was
wait don't go by the fire come here
buddy
copy that so we're not out in the woods
away from the camp takin the kids to the
bathroom in the woods at night it's just
one of the fun parts you're done all
right pull your pants up it's one of the
fun parts of camping hey hold on buddy
you wanna wait for me we're all sleeping
together in our bed
camping what do you think Isaac
go big
did you sleep what do you think about it
right you've been a bit cold I'm in that
situation where you have to go to the
bathroom
it's so bad but you're so much warmer in
your sleeping bag it is out there we
survived the night Jeremy and I think
Annalise stayed at the campsite and I
took Caleb and Laura home because it was
cold out so they could sleep in their
nice little warm beds last night at 3
a.m. there was a pounding on my door and
a ringing of the doorbell and of course
that like completely jarred me and
startled me and scared me to death
and then I like from the crack of my
door that was open to the hallway I
could see like lights being shone into
my house and so I'm like hurrying to get
decent and I'm like running over and
peeking out of my door and I can see a
cop car and a policeman standing at my
door and he pounds on my door again and
rings the doorbell and I am so scared
like I was literally shaking I was so
scared first of all because it's the
Mennonite and everything scary when you
wake up in the millon it-- and because
Jeremy was gone it was like scary to be
dealing with it by myself but mostly the
number one reason I was scared was
because Jeremy and the kids were gone
and I was so scared that something had
happened to them
so anyway I go down to our front door
and through the window I I talked to the
police officer he was checking on us
because our small car was parked just
off the highway just outside of town
like from where the car was parked you
couldn't see where Jeremy and the kids
were camping and so it looked like an
abandoned vehicle like they wanted to
make sure it was okay and that I knew
where it was and that everybody in our
family was okay which is nice that they
checked on us but it was really scary at
3 a.m.
and I just hate being without Jeremy
even for one night I am such a sappy
wuss I just I hate it I hate missing him
and not being able to talk to him and
snuggle with them and so I'll be glad to
be back together tonight even if it's
only one night apart which I realize is
completely pathetic but I say I like my
man nice good catch this kid is so fun
to play catch with hubby that's where
people pee and poo that's a potty thing
don't stick it on your head okay people
pee and poo on this thing let's get it
off okay it's stuck on his head it's
actually stuck you can't get it off fun
so she was this morning Dada Dada Dada
Dada Dada Dada so I think it's showing
me the creek that's where we're headed
your feet are gonna get cold
