so it's foggy out here this morning kind
of fun a foggy fall morning
I couldn't find my sunglasses this
morning so I'm wearing Jeremy's Shh
don't tell him he it drives him crazy
when I wear his sunglasses which is
totally fair because I rarely returned
his sunglasses I mean - but usually like
I'll put him down in the car or
somewhere and then he's in his car so
they're not where he needs them to be
but this morning he left them at home
and borrowed the rat burger king of
picking up our lunch lazy mom look what
do you want from Burger King um I want
brother salad you want booger salad yeah
and I want I don't want
she did not know chicken nugget so what
do you want you said you wanted salad
and what else I wanted salad and sheets
and turn my cookie mommy she the new
park we've never been to before and it
is
how's that
beautiful
very
you I think ended again so we just
finished up our outing at the park and
it was really cool it's an awesome Park
in glad we came down here anyway at the
very end of our park trip I was standing
in front of the car and I have Laura
already loaded up and Isaac and Alise
were standing next to me and caleb was
about six or eight feet away from me and
Caleb said mom I need a drink of water
and I said I've got one for you right
here come over here and I turned around
to respond to one of the other kids or
something and I turned back around and
he was gone
and I walked around the corner and I
looked back on the playground and I
looked for long enough that my mom heart
started like panicking you know like
there's this moment where you're like um
where's my child and then you find him
and then there's a motor like um I
shoulda find my child by now and you
start bringing out anyway I said a
prayer literally
and I said Isaac any least we gotta find
Caleb where is he he was just right here
and they came out and they looked over
and he found him on the far side the
other end of the playground yes Isaac
saw him and I ran over to him and Caleb
was standing there and he was crying and
he said mom you forgot me and I think
about my somebody I did not forget you I
would never forget you I was just
looking for you anyway I'm so grateful
that we got in and oh it's hard like
going to parks those are crowded places
and you want to let the kids run free
but I mean you can't I'm going to text
you all the time it's it's really
stressful so I'm taking deep breaths and
being very grateful that I got this
little boy in my life we have a big
night tonight so gonna be ending the
vlog early today because we are going
where we go
oh what a beautiful day
