I used to commute an hour every day into
work and then right now my commute is
much shorter
I don't even hit a stoplight and it's
just such a pleasant drive I'll give you
a little piece of my happiness each
morning the leaves are about they're
about to fall though so I wanted to
capture this before they're all gone
because every day I Drive by and more of
the leaves are on the ground
seriously seriously you are the cutest
here
tonight we thought we would tell you
another segment from our love story yeah
we've had a lot of fun reminiscing on
the good old days before we had any
other people in our family besides just
that and we know work shows people but
it was very different we would stay up
late and then sleep in the next day
anyway um so we wanted to tell you the
story of our first date the problem is
well we disagree that we disagree on
what our first we need your help they
can help us we have three contenders for
our first date yeah the first one was
about two weeks after our first dance
the night that we stayed up late talking
so it was my birthday that day and
Jeremy knew that it was my birthday and
so he ran into me as I was headed to my
house for lunch and he said hey what are
your plans for lunch today and I was
like I'm gonna eat it at my house I was
like he can't just eat it at your house
on your birthday
he probably said it in that exactly so
he said come with me let's go out to
lunch and he bought my lunch and we sat
and chatted it was pretty casual but it
was fun I mean it was just going out to
lunch my birthday all right so that's
number one that's number one number two
was a couple weeks later it was one week
later was it really okay a week later my
family was visiting from out of town and
they were going to lagoon which is an
amusement park and I invited Kendra to
come with us
first he invited the girl like he liked
at the time and she said no that's you
then he asked me and when he asked me he
told me that he had like asked the girl
that he liked and she said no so would I
be willing to come genius not necessary
are you paying attention it was fun I
mean we just had fun at the amusement
park there was a couple times where we
had to sit a little bit closer together
on the drive home
Jeremy missed our exit and it made the
drive home be like two hours even though
it was only like an hour's drive away
from us and anyway we drove home and we
really enjoyed that and what I remember
from that drive is I had been asked
on a date for the next day and it was a
full day date and I was complaining to
him I was like oh my gosh I'm gonna have
to be with this guy for like 12 hours
and there's like a pause in you as well
you've been with me for like 13 hours
and I was like yes different and I also
remember on the drive there was like a
moment of silence it was just quiet for
like three minutes but it was really
comfortable
it didn't matter it was anyway so that
was our trip to lagoon the third
contender was about three weeks after
that and at this point we were dating
and like forcibly like he would be my
boyfriend bother me and he asked me on a
date as a boyfriend would it was a group
date and we went out to mini golf which
was awesome and then we had smoothies
because I was on a no sugar kick and he
was so thoughtful to come up with a
treat that we could have that wouldn't
be sugary it was fun but I just didn't
feel like that was our first date I just
remember thinking well this is my first
date with him and it's so natural
because where are you dating so what do
you define as a date so that all
disturbing us yeah a boy has to ask you
about it beforehand like will you go on
this date and then he has to pay for it
like for my birthday one you were just
like hey let's go out that's what she
thought and then for the one we went to
lagoon the amusement park you told me
that you'd asked them dancing they said
no to me Lagoon was the first date so
yeah tell us in the comments which one
do you think was our first date would
you consider number one the birthday
lunch number two the trick to lagoon
with the family all day drive home it
was magical or number three number three
the winner he actually asked me out on a
date and we went to mini golf and had
smoothies and it was a group date let us
know what do you think
oh what a beautiful day
