headed out on another field trip
adventure we came to the conservation
Discovery Center downtown Kansas City
and um honestly I don't really know what
to expect what do you guys hope is there
I ice cream I hope there is a mascot of
Lewis and Clark you hope there's mascots
of American explorers yeah hey look what
do you hope that there is Oh
I think what you learn about it then
 like Meriwether Lewis really what
year did they use this boat
it is Tuesday night and we are doing
what every other person in our town is
doing we are watching the World Series
look yeo-hwa go for some of your
favorite players Isaac and he's watching
the game right now and he used to be a
store for them
Wow and I'm and I really like Billy
Butler if they get a hit right now then
they're gonna score yeah so we want to
see freaking at a strikeout or get a
double play and then we'll be out of the
inning
oh it's a big hit Oh
so they scored stop them stop them out
who they gotta mad at home that was a
big deal all right here we go it's a
full count
we're gonna get out of the inning if we
can get a strikeout he hits it deep to
center home run Oh
the Giants are crushing it in the first
inning wait we're having orange cookies
that's the color of the Giants Ranger
black where's the blue cookies oh man
that's why we're losing it really hard
to tell if they're cook or not I think
it'll work with them cheering for the
Giants I know not be we're not gonna die
for cookies that's we're eating them
like we want to eat the Giants there we
go yeah want is yeah daddy won yeah
how's your cookie big girl I ain't agin
are you eating the Giants you know take
a bite
let's eat the giant school Oh wasn't
that a start should we get it back on
let's turn the volume back up so it's
been so frustrating
the Royals games have not been on normal
TV we don't have cable or satellite
we're kind of lame like that this is one
of the few times we've got to actually
sit in our home and watch the Royals
Isaac you remember the first time I took
you to a Royals game yeah what was that
like
it was kind of like this but the Royals
won wait we can still win today this is
the first inning
so we lost isaac was right well
technically we're at the bottom of the
seventh inning so we could come back but
we're losing by seven it's seven to zero
and we put the kids to bed it's okay
that we I personally want the Giants to
win three games so because yeah yeah we
want them to win three games I have
tickets to Game seven of the World
Series those were the only tickets I
could get so back in 2001 I was in
Arizona and a Diamondbacks fan and they
went to the World Series and I went and
slept on the street in line for over 24
hours I waited and got tickets to Game
seven of the World Series
the Diamondbacks were playing the
Yankees I took my dad to the game and to
this day it's one of the greatest
memories of my life the Diamondbacks
ended up winning in the ninth inning on
a you know there were two outs it was a
classic game and that experience was
magical and so hopefully we get to Game
seven of the World Series and I can take
Isaac and we can go to a game seven of
the World Series and see the Royals win
nice go get it go get any lease throw it
here throw it here the snow is gonna be
here soon it won't be too long until
there's snow then we're gonna have to
put the hammock away ok why are you
gonna be cold no that's just what
happens
what is it smile you kiss it how are you
doing
our players did Julie what you do see if
he can hit a tree
good throw
oh the camera
