all right we picked up our Halloween
books from the library and I'm excited
to tell you guys about some of them the
way that I do the library around the
holidays is I use hold and I put my hold
in early and that's the only way to get
the books that I like the first one I'm
going to tell you about is what mi
Halloween by Ann Margaret Lewis it's a
look and see holiday book and they have
this kind of a book for lots of the
different holidays and I always make a
point to put them on hold because my
kids really love them my two year old
loves the lift the flap feature on each
page and my bigger kids love the riddles
and trying to solve them and the kids
take turns guessing them and anyway it's
all very fun here's my little helper
hi Laura you helped in momma's hey how
beautiful the next one that I'm going to
tell you about is a longer book it's
especially good for my son Isaac Alise
sits through it really well as well
Caleb not so much it highlights a class
that is doing an experiment to learn
about pumpkins they have three different
pumpkins and they're trying to see which
one has the most seeds inside of it and
it goes through the whole process of
them making their hypothesis and then
guessing the illustrations are beautiful
it's written really well so even though
it's a little bit longer it's not bad
just more than my two year old can
handle which isn't saying much
so I actually plan on doing this
activity with my kids I haven't gotten
to it yet so my personal favorite from
the stack this week was Frank was a
monster who wanted to dance by Keith
graves
and it is about a monster who loves to
dance and he as he like shakes it and is
breaking down
he gets so crazy that his head unzips
and his brains fall out and his eye
rolls down the stairs and his arm falls
off and all sorts of silly gross little
things that my kids were just cracking
up about and I was enjoying it as well
suddenly his head began to unzip out pop
out flopped his brain which plopped on
the floor the next one I want to tell
you about is the haunted party by Iza
Trapani
and this is a counting book Elise
releasing to enjoy this book it started
with one ghost than two skeletons than
three you know whatever is as they went
up but it's a rhyming text it wasn't too
long and it counts up to ten and then
back down which is nice
hey and I'm going to be a princess wowie
and then and it goes head boom
the next book I'm going to tell you
about is click clack boo a tricky treat
by Doreen Cronin this is the author of
click clack moo
how is the type I'm pretty sure you guys
are mostly familiar with that book but
this is the story of the animals on
Halloween and they're throwing a party
in the barn and the farmers not okay
with it and it has lots of fun sound
words like there's a creak creak
creaking and then there's another page
where there's the tap tap tapping and
you get to see all the animals dressed
up for Halloween so here's the Sheep
dressed up as witches and see my
daughter loved this page the mice were
dressed up as princesses and Halloween
party at the bar right here it shows the
prizes that you will get most candy
eaten scares the loudest scream and best
sauce the last book that I'm going to
tell you about is called the costume
copycat and it is by Mary Anne McDonald
and again this was a book that my
daughter at least really latched on to
the dressing up part of Halloween is
super fun and this highlights the
costumes so there's two sisters and one
sisters costume always seems to work out
great and the younger sisters costume
doesn't seem to work out and so every
year she tries to be just like the big
sister was last year but it keeps
failing on her so finally she decides to
make her own costume and be creative and
that's when things work out for her so
you can see again is just fun
illustrations and here's the part where
she makes up her own costume and puts
her own special flair on it it says I
love how and she
Windemere and she saw her ghost and she
wanted to be a ghost too like now
they're both it says you dress up as a
ballerina well so those are the six
books that I'm highlighting for this
Halloween and there are loads of good
Halloween books out there I'd love to
hear what your favorites are you can
just put them in the comments below
also I'm going to put the links for all
of these books in the comments below in
case you want to check them out a little
bit more and yeah we've got some more
book hauls coming up soon for fall and
Thanksgiving it's time to be thinking
about getting those Thanksgiving books
on hold so I'm hoping to have that up
for you soon so um happy Halloween did
he cry good no buttons gum and buttons
go now I just keep singing my song it's
really catchy I love that it's got some
counting and some singing and it's silly
and that it's also about kind of taking
life as it comes to you and not
stressing about the little things and
then it ends with about his bellybutton
that's one of our favorite parts cover
you like keep the cat yeah
