we chica we're never hmm she's been
chatting about yeah yeah
so she's nine months old now and we are
letting her do best Rafi nine months old
she's lucky she's even a month old
can we do it by weeks you know how
people do that with babies it's like oh
she's 61 weeks I have to do the math and
try to figure out there goes six months
a two weeks is a years so I'm pretty
sure she's not sixty two weeks yeah but
that is a way off that's why I'm not
into math yeah can you say hi say much
more interesting what's down here Oh
where'd she go where's Nara
Picabo oh did she go how cute is that
anyway everything goes in her mouth and
she's crawling around everywhere that's
our most important update about Laura I
pull stuff out of her mouth like 72
times a day after having slept and
vacuumed and yeah we're sweeping all up
we're sweeping all the time but she
still finds stuff and how she finds
stuff she's so good at it it's hard
though it's hard the combination of
Caleb the combination of other kids like
it was so much easier to keep everything
out of Isaac's way because there was
only Jeremy night to know to keep things
up and out of the way but who knows what
Caleb is going well I don't fully
understand either they try that and even
just books she'll like eat the paper in
the books and so we have to yeah paper
is everyone so she doesn't have any
teeth coming in yet so that'll be a new
adventure where she starts teething we
know so our boys both got their teeth at
like you know six months ish they got
their first teeth
then they were pretty normal in their
teeth development but at least got her
teeth really like she was 16 months
before she got her first tooth whoa
so yeah I remember that I have no
recollection that's why they were plug
stuff so anyway and when I talked to the
dentist about it but he please he said
it can be genetically linked like I got
a really well by gender actually okay
well I so okay so he's dead she'll
probably get my teeth too so I'm not
holding my breath but she might get him
earlier she said dote on you guys hey
just read this book the apple pie that
Papa baked so what are we gonna do guys
you love baking
you
all right so Caleb just finished his
dinner about 30 minutes after all of us
and now you get to taste the pie at a
church meeting we have coming up on this
Sunday we're going to be singing a
eight-part men's song and I've been
invited to sing an EXOR during our first
practice tonight and we'll see how it
goes I don't get to do this near as
often as I used to like in high school
before we had kids there were just more
opportunities to sing and stuff and so
it's exciting to have my chance I'm
already starting another ring okay
breathe a little slower yeah
the only vowel it is sticking out to me
is when we've seen the word bless a bit
more uh a little bit brighter on it
that's a short there sorry yeah where am
I going from you yeah wonder to work
that I is not working it sounds like
Jeremy all you do is say listen oh yeah
here on the exact see I think what a
sharp there to make it hard for stupid
plantations loser paw
oh my I need the
