hey guys we got tagged it's our first
time damn tag K times to vlogs tagged us
it's two sisters that vlog you should
check them out they're hilarious I loved
you a little dance party when you got
time for laughing so um we'll spare you
our dance party but we were pretty
excited it's the smile it's fall time ha
alright so here's the question number
one Christmas or Thanksgiving
my vote is Thanksgiving I tend to always
root for the underdog holiday and so
probably Groundhog's Day would actually
be my favorite nobody so fights that
anyway but Thanksgiving I love that it's
about gratitude family good food it's
kind of kicks off the Christmas holiday
whereas after Christmas there's kind of
like a man it's over feeling we're after
Thanksgiving there's like a yes so I
like thanks it either reminds Christmas
for the million reasons that everyone
likes Christmas more the songs the
giving and everything about Christmas
okay number two favorite Disney
Halloween movie go well I think the
Nightmare Before Christmas
it's the claymation is owned by Disney I
came out when I was like 10 or IRA I was
like 12 or 13 but Danny Elfman wrote the
music for it and he writes a lot of
others obsessed with soundtracks in
general yeah this one like in both
Edward Scissorhands usik and Sleepy
Hollow and just a bunch of music and
Danny Elfman is the main character in
The Nightmare Before Christmas he's Jack
the pumpkin King and he sings it as well
anyway I still listen to the music and I
think it's a really fun show so I like
them it I like the music to The
Nightmare Before Christmas and I could
not think of a single Halloween movie
after a while Caspar I mean it's about a
ghost is actually a Halloween movie
thank you I'm not big on Halloween
movies number three acrylic or gel nails
hear me I don't know
so I'm not a big nail person I did
acrylic nails for our wedding I think I
recently heard about gel nails they
sound kind of fun to try but we'll have
to try usually I'm more of a pedicure
girl and a manicure girl okay mashed
potatoes or pumpkin pie I love mashed
potatoes especially with gravy without
the gravy it's kind of dry but I really
really like mashed potatoes and I if you
give me a food in a dessert I'm going to
choose the dessert almost 100% of the
time so my family makes a pumpkin cake
that is like pumpkin pie on the bottom
with like this awesome crust on the top
and that that is my favorite all right
the next question are we going
trick-or-treating or staying in we have
four kids we have to go
trick-or-treating we actually go
multiple times yeah there's lots of
things favorite full dessert I think
yours is the pumpkin cake right not just
something cake literally anything
pumpkin pumpkin ice cream pumpkin
muffins pumpkin Brown is comfy cookies
pumpkin bread you name it it has the
word pumpkin in it I mean I'm think I'm
gonna stick with the pumpkin thing our
Michelle our sister-in-law she makes
this pumpkin roll and it has cream
cheese all layered through it it's
pumpkin happiness really it really is so
with Michelle we make your pumpkin roll
again and give me some yeah okay um the
next one is three favorite scary movies
all right this one was easy for me um
Happy Feet Milan no it's true Hunchback
of Notre Dame it's true Kendra literally
was scared when we were watching Hathi
my threshold for scary movies is like we
had just been married and we're watching
happy feet and I'm like sorry behind
what do you need to turn it off he
thinks he's like Kendra stop the
Penguins going to loom I just I really
don't do always scary movies like I know
some people love them that's awesome but
I I really
you really don't like them like not even
a little bit so the poor guy has not
seen very many scary movies and all
that's for the whole team so that's okay
I don't really like him either so I
don't really have a good answer for that
one
um favorite fault lip color look is that
him fall come in color this color this
is my favorite sorry do they get yep
that color is my finger pick fall of
color we are big fans of chapstick clear
chapstick look at these things these are
big leagues being like but at a blowjob
see okay so just Ivan actually never
owned lipstick and just tonight I was
standing at Walmart with Jerry and I
looked at the lipstick that's like I
wonder like how do people choose which
one like there's so many options I am
totally lost in the fashion department
so ya have any suggestions let us know
but the last one is where we really need
your help it says what are you going to
be for Halloween and we have a problem
is it two weeks into Halloween I have
some great ideas and Kendra doesn't like
that's every year we want to do a family
theme and every year it hasn't happened
yet our kids we dress them up every year
and they look super cute and they're fun
but we are lame and we never dress up
but Jeremy you're right this year you've
got some winners let's hear those ideas
you just made a friend of mine yes one
of the comments how about I'm just a
great you're right use our well I
thought we could be a font like we can
spell the word font with exclamation
point and we could be like Times New
Roman no get this so he tells me this
idea and he's like and then it's super
easy because next year we could be like
impact and then the year after that like
no we're gonna have to do it every year
we could pick a font and you know we
spell out font and Elise to be like part
of the exclamation point and Laura could
be the dot and or anyway the colors of
the rainbow where each of us just pick a
color and
you need help this is like we need a
Halloween intervention here so I really
would like us to dress up but it takes a
lot of effort and time and money and I
don't know we just I haven't thought of
any good ideas yeah so if you have any
ideas for our family's themed costume or
if you just want to have mercy on me and
help us figure out what to do
please tell us we'd love to hear your
ideas alright so that was our smile it's
fall tag
thanks for the tag K times to vlogs and
we are going to tag some of our friends
so we are going to tag meant to be she
is a daily family vlogger that lives in
Japan with her four kids I love her vlog
it's awesome she reached out to us early
on when we started and we did some
skyping and it was fun to talk about you
being my trends they become your friends
hi Lindsay anyway so um the other person
we're gonna tag is a vlogger Roos I love
her name and I've really enjoyed her
channel and you have to check her out
they're both going to be in the links
below so
