good morning we are in the car headed up
to our service activity this morning we
are going to we are doing it huh it's
fun when Daddy can be here anyway yeah
it's Saturday morning we're headed up to
a service activity this morning there's
a service organization called Northland
compassion ministries and every Saturday
morning they face lunch and then take it
to downtown Kansas City and deliver that
lunch to people who are homeless and
don't have food and so we've gone up
here once before with
making lunches
release are you gonna wash your hands
cubby gonna wash your hair you ready
so guys advance how many long does this
hit a ponytail IMAX it
so our camera just broke we just dropped
it on the ground on accident while
trying to multitask folding Laura and
the camera is down let me show you
anyway so we're gonna be on the iPhone
now
yay for iPhone filming all right we've
done the bread the mustard in the may
own and we're onto the neat I mean you
can just leave it right on over right
there and then we're going to put them
into some bags to give them a little
anything good going to 23 alright see
different oh three different kinds this
market letter all right here's the
cooler we made 84 sandwiches now you're
going to take the damages and then some
while the lunches yeah assembly lines
Dale you're be still in mourning about
our camera it's okay this food can help
you it's hard to feel too bad about this
needing to buy another camera
Oh given a telegram you know most people
in finisher
banana here all right okay now
and he's back again for another one
you've done lots of on my butt good work
there who can tell me why you get all
this today we're gonna go ahead that's
right we go out every all these people
here we go out every other weekend every
other Saturday when I see 50 to 80 75 80
people that don't have any food some of
them live under bridges some of them
just to have a place to call home and
they have to stay outside it's kind of
cold it's kind of hard like but that's
just how they live and so we go out and
we try to show them love and we try to
feed them and give them clothes and what
we can do that's not a good idea yeah
okay hey I'm so happy to have you guys
some of you were here last year I hope
you come back next year I hope you come
back for the rest of your honor
okay that would be totally cool can I
pray with you guys could that be all
right all right here's up to go to banks
you may see looking at lots of you me
those all those you made
yay yes every one of those inmates and
what we do is we drive up and we find
out where they're at and then we open
the side doors and we give them clothing
and whatever we have and then we get
over your lunches
yes I resurrected our camera I saved it
I the lens wouldn't close and wouldn't
open and so I was applying pressure in
different places before going to go buy
a new one right now and it popped back
in place and it works right now I'm so
happy oh my gosh I can't believe I'm
logging on this camera again I can't
believe dad fixed it you guys leave that
fix this camera it's amazing how your
dad's amazing anyway
um it kind of makes me want to do a
camera happy dance so that's what I'm
gonna do
you
I guess our kids love music and making
music they'll do it within 5 feet of
each other at the same time with
different songs did you show off your
haircut you know Harris down this way I
doing work Jeremy got a haircut doesn't
he look nice there he is let's see oh
hey there cut wait show me your scar
jeremy has a scar on the back of the
head thank you
anyway I think he looks quite handsome
and now we are going somewhere okay
we're going to a barbecue our neighbors
I don't know if we're gonna vlog about
it though because there's that
awkwardness hump Sam and Nia talked
about this in their vlog where it's kind
of weird when you like bring out your
camera with neighbors and like it's one
thing to do it at home
it's another thing to do it at like
Walmart like around strangers and it's
an entirely different beast to do it
with your friends when you're hanging
out with people that you know well and
it is it's a little bit off so maybe
we'll like sneak it out of our pay
schedule like you know like flashy a
shot of the kids or something okay bye
but the good news is our camera works I
know it's so exciting every time but we
still have the strap on it what's wrong
with us go get it right now yeah but
yourself caleb has had seven cups of
root beer that was a sugar cookie and
now a strawberry marshmallow dark
chocolate chocolate graham cracker
s'more he's loving life Isaac what do
you think
mom's not here I know exactly Kendra's
gone so I'm responsible but I have to
put him down too so I'm gonna have to
deal with that so we've roasted
marshmallows and hot dogs and had a lot
of fun
you
