the kids have been begging me to come
down and play a football game with them
yeah me and elite are I mean in our
daddy are you driving in Daddy's car
yeah does that make you happy black so
happy weekend we every Friday for we
just started in August but back in
August we signed up to do meals on
wheels if they have it set up where you
just come up and you pick up your food
for whichever route you're doing and
then you go and take it to the people on
the route and then you bring the
containers back do you know why we're
bringing food to some people because
they don't have enough money to buy some
food at stores them and and and it's a
lot of money mm-hmm so do we get to help
them by bringing them some food yeah do
you guys like taking people food who
need it mm-hmm why do you like it
because I like helping people why do you
like helping people because no me people
happy does it make you happy thank you
you like it okay who wants to carry the
food in you guys ready okay let's go
we're all gonna do it let's all go in
and take the food okay
did you guys like visiting her yeah she
was open nice to me did you give her
some food wha
do you know what she said thank you
because they've had a really hard month
they've been in the hospital and they've
been sick did you know that elese we're
doing our last visit you guys excited
you
happy
was she so happy Wow so Isaac isn't with
us today because he's at a birthday
party but normally he comes along and it
works out well we go right before my
lunch hour so I do an extended lunch on
flavor travel okay you shut it we're
eating at Culver's I grew up in Arizona
I had never heard of a cover so I don't
know if you've heard of it but it's
pretty good they have these butter
burgers which just putting the name
butter with burger and you're doing
something right there these big french
fries that are crinkly when he caught
one they're like wavy french fries I'll
show you a video when we get it but we
come here a lot and we like it so
Culver's check it out it's so now is
that super painful part when you've just
picked up takeout food it's in the bag
and you know that if you grab a fry
you're going to get grease all over the
steering wheel you're going to burn your
mouth but it's hard to resist but it
makes it easier when I have three little
kiddos in the back because then I have
to give each of them a fry now I'm
throwing french fries in the van and so
I just learned by sad experience to to
just hold off and awake it doesn't it
smell so good well the smell of french
fries smells good here maybe I'll just
show you one because you guys want to
see it so not because I'm going to want
to eat it but just to show you oh it's
too hot it definitely burned my mouth
we are watching shark tank there's the
deal
they want with kevin O'Leary everybody
who's with kevin roberts my favorite no
but robert roberts a nice guy but kevin
had done a four billion dollar tween
deal before you got to go with kevin
even though he's going to take more of
the company I wouldn't tell Kevin I have
got at Robert anyway we love watching
this show together it's fun to see the
different inventions pitched and it's
fun to like be rooting for the different
deals and strategizing what you would do
and luayn update I think we've probably
seen almost every episode so when we see
the updates it's always really well the
other thing too is it's really
educational like HM are talking about
how to value a company and how much a
company is worth and what the factors
are and if you were to go to an investor
what things are most significant or
important we're gonna get back to it
Koby J Kelly J we are coming coming
I cut the J we're gonna take it down
you're going in Hey
