don't even say your morning prayer
together neck dogs play do you know what
it's called when there's three twins
triplets triplets we're triplets yes you
know triplets jumping on the bed
everybody jump off one two three time to
fold some laundry
I don't know if I mentioned it before
but I do freezer meals and I'm kind of
obsessed with freezer meals uh yeah it's
like the only way to cook in my opinion
as a busy mom so here's dinner tonight
Mexican to being chilly the frozen lump
I got my Pam cooking spray and I sprayed
the inside of my crock-pot then I've
also got my rice cooker and I just found
out this last week that you can cook
quinoa did I say that right
anyway you can cook quinoa in your rice
cooker so now we're going to take a
break and have a snack and r gonna have
ghosts yeah yeah our elbows but that
look like ooh thanks for specifying
Isaac all right are you ready yeah yeah
for spaghetti no we're gonna do ghosts
and i and i sticked it and then put it
out so i could say mmm
Caleb in particular does a lot that are
a job on days when he has some sort of
physical activity or some sort of
sensory experience if I don't provide a
sensory experience he provides his own
sensory experience so that's why I got
out the big the big sheet and I think
I'm noodles
what you buddy there may be a sandbox at
least what are you making I'm making a
birthday cake and my challenge is to
keep this little peanut away away from
that there's my other peanut what are
you guys doing now he's coming - coming
she's coming since I've been home for
lunch this little booger has stripped
completely naked 3 times kinder said
he's been doing it all morning just
running around like crazy so Jeremy
um and I it's finally like the kids are
friendly quiet and we're like making our
salads he's home for lunch right now
and I'm like oh so how was your day he
goes I love you tubing like lame I can
totally thought it was like I love you
like I just love you instead of I love
husband you to me and then you to be
sounds too close I hadn't even processed
in my mind that I was shutting her then
I was like what I don't like that you're
gonna say I love you and he goes oh I
love you too I love you too big flame
somebody's gonna have to recover from
Alan somebody's gonna have to edit this
part yeah okay you better get it real
life your real life
so this morning when I made the Mexican
- bean chili I accidentally put four
cups of water in it instead of two so
turns out we're having Mexican - bean
soup but I also made the quinoa to go
with it and we're actually mixing the
quinoa into the soup and then we're
topping it with some cheddar cheese and
it's actually really good
I really like the quinoa flavor and
texture in the Sutra
sweet so it's normal for me to sing this
song
tequila to me it just makes me think
about and try to remember that tonight
holding Caleb or holding Laura and
seeing them the song could be my last
time you never know what's going to
happen and remembering that makes me
feel differently about them and hold
them differently and treat them
differently and want to spend my time
with them different to sleep my precious
child soon sleep in a hotel so soon
Oh
