so once again I just came downstairs to
see if the kids have been doing for the
last 10 minutes and this is what I found
playing house rap so he really has me
down here we're going to come up can
wreck this one we need breakfast lunch
and we're moving here so what do you
guys think that mom is gonna think about
your idea of moving down stairs what do
you think Isaac good why do you think
she'll be happy about it because she
won't get bothered anymore yeah we won't
even go up there's any other time mommy
every address wait wait so you're saying
you guys are just gonna stay down here
all day yeah every day but what what
what you are waiters are you do are you
gonna watch Caleb - Caleb you're going
Elisa's shoe Andy Lisa's pull up cubby
do you have Elise's shoe she's going for
it she got it
he wants his shoe back let's ask my
sensei Elyse can you share oh there you
go look she's gonna let you wear the
blue ones you least thanks for sharing
big girl all right let's see it we do
two or three field trips slash outings a
week and that just really works for us
for my personality for the kids
personalities we love getting out
you
hey that what he makes I made you oh
this is mama yes
you
we just really want to take advantage of
the weather that's so nice right now and
get out in nature as much as possible
we're trying lots of different hiking
trails and paths and just letting the
kids explore and it's awesome and
hopefully today I don't lose my keys
did you notice when the leads turn
different colors they drop off that's
interesting ground or you're right so
what kind of trees are these please
thank you with dreams time to go I'm so
proud of you Laura is having a son
breastfeeding issues well yes Laura and
I are having some breastfeeding issues
but when the lactation specialist and I
spoke over the phone she said that I
could eat oatmeal as a way to help boost
my milk supply now here's a little
secret I am not the hugest fan of
oatmeal for breakfast so I was sitting
here thinking I really want to do
something to increase my milk supply
because I'm feeling kind of anxious
about it and that doesn't help with
breastfeeding and so a friend of mine
said you should make no bake cookies and
I thought that was genius now I
understand that this is totally just in
my head I understand that making no
baked cookies out of oatmeal isn't going
to just like shoot my milk supply
through the roof but for me right now it
feels like something I emotionally and
physically can do on top of just eating
and drinking and pumping and things like
that
it's so I guess I'm looking for a nice
rosy placebo effect and as a bonus I get
to make no bake cookies with my kids all
right our butter milk sugar and vanilla
are melted in there that looks so good
we're we getting very excited about the
cocoa all right it's all melted now
we're gonna add in the oats and if you
ever make it smell it want everyone to
love you this smells so good mmm there's
a recommendation this one you can look
because it doesn't even have eggs oh
that's exciting alright so we are
stirring in Isaac can you hold this
handle for me monster Mama's magical
placebo milk supply cookies yay
again subway wants to torture parents by
putting chips at kid level cubby we're
not doing chips bud can you put the
chips back for me please
come on let's put it back come on let's
put it back we're not gonna get these
chips okay okay we're gonna put them
back okay
Isaac's community choir practice is
inside this building and we decided to
do a picnic dinner tonight
there's no napkins they gave us no
napkins and we forgot to grab any but we
have wipes we don't go anywhere with
that wait
cubby what you say about the Bell oh oh
we hear that you like super loud hey I
don't like ding ding dong ding ding
younger ha ha
I really want one more we head so
delicious one more - hey do you think
mom I like them dad yeah I think I need
to make sure my milk supply is good I
definitely have manboobs
