yeah
there's open Hey I can't find a
Halloween book where do you think you
could look okay go look hi exhausted
it's amazing how a little thing like
taking poor kids to the library for an
hour can exhaust me so uh yeah hopefully
there's some good books I just wanted to
share some of our favorite books from
the library hall we took home this week
this book is about a boy who does kind
of insensitive thoughtless things that
all kids and adults are prone to do
sometimes and then the question on the
other side of the pages well what if
everybody did that and it talks about
the impact that all of our little
actions have on the world
do you love dance with your daddy she
regularly comes up and asked me to pick
her up and dance with her yeah did you
just put on a shirt yeah you just
changed your clothes huh barely
okay
and it and bow curtsy everyone kiddo can
you bow nailed it and now it's time for
my break caleb is snapping and laura is
napping and the lease and Isaac are
reading and so here's my salad here's my
big glass of water and my date should be
walking through that door any minute
date what happened it got hot
I was so hot after dancing that it was
just more comfortable than just kind of
you know get out another perk of eating
lunch at home yeah I can do this in my
office
awkward it's so hard there's so many
times where I'm super goofy with the
kids and playing with them but it's hard
to vlog that without it feeling like
it's not authentic or that it's goofy on
purpose like for the camera yeah but
it's not but I think the key is to just
be yourself and not think at all what
other people would think but that's hard
to do like that's not an easy thing to
do so we're gonna keep working on that
alright we survived that like crazy
getting out the door phase um where do
you think left is better where do you
think ready
I've gotten left every time I would
think left yeah and then I can just go
up that gas station okay sorry
good um anyway we survived that like
crazy busy dinner our time half-hour
tonight at dinner five minutes dinner
Kendra Jeremy didn't have dinner early
didn't even eat dinner here you can sit
over here next to me Caleb your outfit
looks nice get it mom
anything really productive that you felt
getting out forward and center awesome
it's really good so Kendra loves dancing
while being in our car so I just want
you to catch some of this
dance with mom
it's party
Kendra always dances while driving in
the car we get a lot of looks they're
traveling through town it's like not for
the vlog yeah your mom again though it's
it's hard for us to try to do normal on
the vlog because it feels so contrived
on video but legitimately Kendra is a
car dancer and always has been and
always a my sisters yeah it's ridiculous
