we love going to the library it's always
super fun but when we go and we just
pull books off the shelves sometimes we
find a winner or two but a lot of times
a lot of the books are kinda and and so
I like to look up beforehand and get
recommendations of books from blogs and
Pinterest and a lot of times I put them
on hold so that they're there and ready
for us when we get there
um but I just wanted to share some of
our favorite books from the library hall
we took home this week all right
rhyming dust bunnies by Jan Thomas I
hope I say these names right anyway I'm
sure a lot of you are familiar with this
one it's not a new book but it does a
lot of rhyming and Elise is learning how
to read right now into books with a lot
of rhyming books with a lot of rhyming
are really good for her
it's also silly who doesn't love a silly
book about dust bunnies that gets sucked
up by a vacuum cleaner
all right this book is called Moe's
mustache by Ben Clanton and it is a
silly book about fads and styles and
being yourself and being unique and not
getting frustrated when other people
want to do what you want to do we liked
it here was another book this week
falling for Rapunzel by Leah Wilcox Lisi
what did you think of this book it's
funny and give me kids sewing really
funny yeah ah the bread said rapunzel
rapunzel let down your hair and an end
and we pan dulce hit her under a layer
so this is a really silly take on
Rapunzel and he asks her to throw down
her hair and she throws down her
underwear and then he asks for her curly
locks and she throws down her socks and
it's just her dirty socks it was silly
and fun we really enjoyed it all right
Oh
Caleb's adding to my stash over here
thanks bud thanks bud all right this
book is called going places by Peter and
Paul Reynold I loved it and the reason I
loved it is because of the impact it had
on our family it's a story about two
kids that were suppose
to make a go-kart for school and there's
instructions and everybody in our class
follows the instructions and has the
exact same go-kart and these two kids
decide to dream big and they build an
airplane and the reason I love this book
is because it was all about creativity
and when my son finished it he shut the
book and he jumped up he said mom I
gotta go build a car out of sticks and
he ran out to the backyard and spent the
good part of an afternoon building a car
out of sticks in the backyard so any
book that has that impact is a winner
there it is the winner oh sorry guys
this is my first time filming this I
hope you can like see me and see a copy
I'm Allison is home about two more books
okay three more this is an oldie but a
goodie it's I guess a recent classic are
ready Pete the cat and his four groovy
buttons by James Dean did he cry good no
buttons gum and buttons go I just keep
singing my song it's really catchy I
love that it's got some counting and
some singing and it's silly and that
it's also about kind of taking life as
it comes to you and not stressing about
the little things and then it ends with
about his belly button oh that's one of
our favorite parts cover you like keep
the cat yeah yeah it's a winner is the
winner side I think the Sun might be
making it hard to see the nav family it
is silly okay next up is the okay book B
okay um and it is by Amie Kraus
Rosenthal and Tom Lipton help again I
really hope I'm not butchering these um
names but what I really liked about this
book is it goes through a kid's life and
how they're okay at this and they're
okay at that and they're okay in this
and it's not negative about being okay
at all it just it is that way like
they're okay at these different skills
and it goes through lots of silly ones
the illustrations are fun they're simple
but they're really fun I'll show you a
second and then at the end it talks
about how you know someday we're going
to go up grow up and be great at
something but when we start we're okay
it's tough and that's okay we'll just
keep working on it and so I love that it
encourages like hard work
and I just really liked it what did you
guys think of the ok book and the K and
the Omega person the K and the Omega
person that's what we really liked about
the illustrations hi how are you I'm
okay get it oh okay anyway so this
little okay dude there's all sorts of
different things I'm an okay skipper I'm
an okay climber it's really cute alright
the last one is a book that I looked up
on purpose and I put on hold and we
waited for it and I'm glad we did this
is called what if everybody did that
what if everybody did that what if
everybody did that and it is by Ellen
jabber Nick and what do you guys
remember about this book he just won't
stuff yeah yeah and one of the ones he
lick frosting just give it tastes so
good and it was in a wedding cake and
what if everybody did that yeah would it
ever be it would be the ripe so nice
stuff this book is about a boy who does
kind of insensitive thoughtless things
that all kids and adults are prone to do
sometimes and then the question on the
other side of the page is well what if
everybody did that and it talks about
the impact that all of our little
actions have on the world so let me show
you one of the examples in there hmm um
ma I wanted to see how fast the grocery
cart would go it went faster than I
expected when the manager stopped me she
said what if everybody did that and then
on the other side there's the picture of
everybody racing around on the way to
visit Grandma and Grandpa in Kansas I
dropped just one soda can out of the
window the patrolman who pulled us over
said well what if everybody did that and
then you've got a picture of all the
litter so it goes through silly things
and funny things and anyway it was a
cute and funny book with a good moral
about being thoughtful of the way our
actions impact others so I'll put the
links to these books below in case um
the camera didn't show them super well
or you want to be able to look
more information about them but I just
hope that you enjoy him because our
family sure did bye
