all right so that's a sunrise it's
beautiful so it's early in the morning
everybody's asleep so I came outside
real quick I'm going to a project by
rebuilding Together Clay County there's
a lot of rebuilding Together
organizations all throughout the nation
it's a lot like Habitat for Humanity
good morning friends um I'm gonna let
you guys in on a little secret
I am NOT a morning person at our house
Jeremy gets up with the kids in the
morning I know I know I'm totally
spoiled um he gets up with them and then
I get up about thirty minutes later and
so this morning Jeremy's gone at a
service project and the kids were all
confused when they came into our room
they're like mom where's dad and Kate
looks like uh do you know how to feed me
breakfast how did you sleep
thank good you hungry deed all right let
us eat some breakfast
Saturday morning we've got the parkings
going
so Jeremy's been gone all morning at a
service project and we just put the
garage door open any least squeal with
delight and what did you say Elise
daddy's coming home from the suit gay I
think there may be some confusion about
where daddy went this morning was early
this morning when I said goodbye to her
so maybe she thought it was going to the
circus we have just regular Saturday
morning with dad at the surface our
basement is a pretty big mess right now
and I'm going to have my little helpers
clean
thanks for helping me out I might use
you again for that in the future I don't
know what my deal is
today but I am on my seventh time of
coming in and grabbing one of these
these are the mini mini Oreos
Justin eekum no one knows about oh so it
took a while but she looks really good
see it look she looks super - was he
just blabbing to you guys that how long
I was taking those you know it sometimes
feels really nice even if it's not
needful to spend an hour getting ready
sometimes it feels really nice to feel
to actually blow dry your hair it's date
night don't know we did it we're out of
the house
and we are already driving back home we
decided to go to a sit-down restaurant
which we have only done maybe once since
Laura was born so we knew it was kind of
risky um but we really wanted the chips
and salsa
that you get we need to sit down it's so
good it's like crispy fried soft thin
chips and cilantro heavy sauce they're
like still warm
we went to Jose peppers I don't know if
you've been there but if not you should
go all this intersection is such a theme
the minute we sat down we were ordered
like our waitress came right away and we
ordered our drinks and our dinner at the
same time and they were fast with their
service but the minute our food showed
up we got a text from our babysitter
that Laura is crying and what should she
do she's such a great babysitter knocks
on her tastic it's not her at all it's
Laura it's not a squirt it's just the
stage this is why we keep a steady and
fully stocked supply of ice cream in our
freezers
and always have our lengthy links with
our we do that every day every night is
date night is I went crazy today with
the mid Moria
I love them Melanie did you eat fess up
spectres Oh like I just kept going back
maybe that's new year I like them in
Oreos but there is too much filling like
I have to like wipe out some of the
center of the minty good yes it's too
good it's like double stuff is just too
much for me so we just got home and
found out that Caleb flushed another
toothbrush down the toilet
