we love using crock pots you can just
throw the food in in the beginning of
the day and then you have dinner at the
end but we think cleaning the crock pot
we'll use like the little scraper thing
scrape scrape scrape anyway so we were
reading a recipe this morning and it had
the suggestion to use the spray Spray
stuff nonstick spray in the crock pot we
were like why have we never thought of
that I mean this might actually work
you know you found good friends when
they hang out with you even when you're
carrying a silly camera around all the
time
this is Lisa and then Leia and Ari and
Delhi let's do this scavenger hunt keep
the paper I got one checked off
well one checked off are ready so I'm
totally not cutesy about anything at all
ever but I love the on Pinterest
sometimes I can find stuff that's
already and I just print it off and
we're good to go
look that's a black wall it's telling us
about the tree it's a black walnut tree
Isaac do you know we got one of these in
our backyard oh do you really there we
go black walnut that's awesome oh yeah
you found into your kind of spider did
we find that's daddy longlegs nice no
cubby we don't kill him oh this is
gorgeous
we're trying to catch the leaves as they
fall oh there goes another one oh you're
going to fetch get a about that
brought the stroller dang it
fatal error there mister Caleb wants to
be held and of course Laura's in the
pack so we're tired we're a little bit
hot and we get to the head of the trail
and my keys are gone so my car keys
they're somewhere on this trail so Isaac
is my helper coming with me at least
we'll has the other kids back at the
head of the trail it was around here I'm
feeling grateful that we found the keys
and grateful that it was something like
keys that you noticed right away so it's
not like I could get home and then
realized that I lost my phone or my
camera or something
okay so we're driving along and my nose
started itching and so I told the kids
that there's like an old saying that if
your nose it's just somebody is thinking
about you I hope that's not saying maybe
it's not anyway that's what I thought
awesome okay I'm itching again you guys
must be thinking about me all right well
stop it stop thinking about me mama
doesn't water nose ditch picnic lunch
lunch bench so I just tried one of these
things with Laura yesterday and it was
actually a hit I was super excited about
that because it's super easy to feed it
to her Oh what do you think miss Elise
loves to cook with me and she is helping
me out here she actually just cracked
her first egg Hey
okay so go ahead let's try the next one
you can do it
oh pretty good pretty good remember it
takes practice
while the brownies are baking in the
oven and dinner is finishing in the
crock-pot and Laura and Caleb both
happen to be asleep right now which is
nothing short of a miracle lately so um
it's just at least tell us about your
picture given the the purple flowers
that I saw they have different flowers
in each one flower each bud has a bunch
of different little flowers in it yeah
we found Turtles one had yellow dots and
the other had orange dots in the picture
up then all right
dinner's almost ready dad just got home
from work and we are having and what
would you call this what we're doing
it's a math competition we're having a
math competition everybody has a board
with addition facts and we have to see
who can get all of theirs right in the
shortest amount of time ready on your
mark get set go so there's like one spot
here that's a little bit crusty too then
it's it's coming up so spring-like spray
spray into the crockpot and it doesn't
get all crusty who knew why didn't we
think of that
