am I gonna die dog okay
I'm gonna be okay I think it's working
how's my heart how are my ears looking
good another shot went forward why
another snow what are we typically read
to me I love better healthy healed me my
granddad and I had a special secret
tradition together where we crawl in his
backyard underneath his raspberry bushes
and we put the raspberries on our
fingers like this and as we took him off
and eat him we talked about the things
we were grateful for so we're doing that
today at the end of our dinner I'm
grateful that I love my job
I am grateful for the gorgeous weather
that we've been having around here and
then we get to be outside so much okay
Lacey what are you grateful for me
I'm grateful for that we set it up trees
trees swings I'm grateful for the
amazing friends that we have I'm
grateful for this dinner mom felt like
it might have gotten destroyed but it
turned out really good like I'm super
happy with it so thanks for dinner mom
I'm grateful for it I don't supposed to
eat it
boiled very good memories with great
family hey Mel I'm grateful for your
milk dad you're up I am grateful for I
can't think of anything person to be
grateful for that's pretty pathetic me
your beautiful wife I am grateful for my
family I am really grateful for my
family
it's and you you're in my family and you
and you and my beautiful wife of course
I am grateful I'm gonna go with the
simple one all of our like modern
conveniences I mean technology
refrigerator water
dishwasher or washing machine and last
ones I'm grateful for and rightful for
the earth that Sun
oh you love laura-leigh see what are you
grateful for and grateful for me that
you already said daddy Oh take it out of
your app you got as a different
attribute your what glasses Oh hmm I'm
grateful for music because I love
listening to music and all the different
types of music
it's super fun a lot of excitement and
variety I'm grateful for the freedom
that we have as adults to create our own
destiny to choose what we want to do
with our lives so you choose how we want
to raise our children and to choose the
adventures that we have and the choices
we make I'm grateful for that freedom
what are you grateful for let us know in
the comments below
