can you say hi to our friends hi
what do you wanna say to our friends in
the camera hi Ozzie go go see it Oh
who do you see who's there who do you
see friends oh did you think you would
see them yeah they're not in the camera
there in the internet game Aryan it
yeah they're in the Internet they are
sitting in their rooms watching you want
to say hi to them
wha say hello friends hello Frank
what do you want to tell them I don't
you have to imagine them they're
watching you
really you'll eat them out there you
want me to get him out of the camera the
camera is too small to get them out of
aunt Melanie we got our naturebox today
so naturebox is the company that aunt
Melanie works for she's their
nutritionist and guess what yes yes
let's see what kind of snacks there are
we have Big Island dried pineapple ring
let's see if you got cinnamon swirl
petal kernels so no toasted corn kernels
coconut patty really deciding these
Gardens made it no sighs oh and sea salt
Sun French hey guys let this is my
favorite part
sharing thank you this nutritionist
approved good email that's you Christmas
approved yeah everyone warm all right
mom can we find out further like free
sample box but I think we may have to
try it again today the big kids and I
are headed to the day of dance downtown
hosted by the City Ballet leacy what do
you think so we are headed down there
doing free ballet and other dance
classes this morning and then they're
also doing performances throughout the
day so we're excited and it's just me
and the big kids
the little kids are staying calm dad
needed a lot of help today from those
little kids oh she's gonna eat you oh
you are to eat you monster he's coming
my goodness those curious eyes but at
least change it so bad before that was
stinking okay you can eat the camera
just a little bit go ahead
you're so kick I know it's an expensive
camera if you eat it ah she's just so
beautiful mmm that was totally her it
was awesome
all that was
Hey did you like your clock show me your
curtsy show me okay
ah very nice
