all right so today we are designing
boats they are able to use toilet paper
rolls rubber bands
straws and aluminum foil and we're going
to see how many pennies we can get them
to hold
I am loving this creative process I
think tell me about it
so dumb you put in years and can you go
over you turn your side look at me but
under here so your strategy was to make
a lot of space to put the pennies in
alright we are going to test our boats
and see how well they float and see how
many pennies will fit in each boat
before they sink alright we are
currently testing Caleb's boat it's
holding one penny right now two three
one more
giganto you will the water come on it is
not one for uh-oh we're gonna call the
boat sunk one more inch of you 50 okay
try to get it in about this time Lizzie
50 oh it's some kind of tea
twenty seven twenty eight twenty eight
twenty eight is that it was nice work
bud here's my boat let's see what
happens ready one two three four five
six done it it's not yet enough it's not
thirty forty fifty 145 146 147 148 so
kendra has been telling about his penny
boats and she has challenged me she
wants to see if I can beat her record
what how many pennies to jam in there
148 is the
Berthe beats so I don't know what she
used I have no concept of what is and is
not allowed and so I'm gonna try to come
up with something we'll see penny votes
before dinner Leakey tell me about your
design sorry buddy your big walls I
think you're onto something they just
want to another one you want another one
so every ship should have a name
I'm not did you all name I'm out here so
I have made white trash it has a paper
plate inner core surrounded by Walmart
plastic bags on the outside and there's
some aluminum foil on the inside for
good luck
so a white trash float true and strong
so in my family growing up we had a
white car that we called white trash and
I think one of my brothers got hit in it
a couple of times I don't remember
exactly how but it was a very
appropriate name I drove it for at least
a couple years and as several of my
brothers did so today my penny boat
sales and loving memory of white trash
the car and that's a good memory
I love naming cars and boats and
children and animals and things like
that
sobbing no what are you doing
do you float
the plan was not to get into the water
what are you doing my a Gillette Oh did
your clothes get all wet how'd that
happen
he's so proud of me it's a wet party it
wasn't a wet party you did that earlier
today this was supposed to just be a
boat floating party a silly goose mere
boat looks beautiful mine is the honest
I think we could put Laura in here and
she would float so come on she just
dumped them all in let's see you ready
coming you want to try to sit in it yeah
I know Kendra had a camera Kendra's name
for her boat was circus boobs this is a
PG show all right ready
yep 17 18 sabot 1920 wait wait wait it's
still there though you can still put
more pennies in it's still actually
going yes yeah I need you
yep 25 26 27 oh now they're filling out
oh okay yeah 26 1 minute 6 so I'm just
outside setting up some sprinklers and
this is one of the things I love about
our backyard of being right up here
against kind of some woods is I'll be
walking along and I find animals in our
grass all the time but like there's this
beautiful cute little baby like bunny
just right here just right next to me
