good morning it's family chore time and
we have music on and we are folding
laundry so this is Caleb's pile that he
has nicely folded
alright for our stay-at-home day we've
already done a bunch of schoolwork so
now we are taking a break to make a
snack and we are making cinnamon roll
biscuits and each kid gets their own a
little amount of dough that they are
going to put the cinnamon and sugar on
and roll it up any time I bake with more
than one child I pretty much consider
myself next to a superhuman it's a big
job so I had a free moment during quiet
time today so I decided to get down on
the floor and a roll around with her
check out the world from her perspective
it's always fun we get to spend
one-on-one time with a kid are you going
chef all you are you going with your
foot
Oh
well Casey and I here we're on swimmin
yeah pasty and fatty so my favorite
thing to do in a pool is to make a
waffle out in the baby pool by daddy
Lisi where are you come in the Whirlpool
such a good workout
that's what he wanted me to come film
which is water shooting in superpower
well with all the you know graphics I'm
going to put into the video on the music
it's going to turn out pretty cool it's
special effect you know
Oh Jeremy and I were just discussing how
there is apparently a fine line between
what's cute and what's disobedience and
Caleb walks it very carefully he's lucky
he's doing
this little face says where am I you got
a pool I bet she would like to go
swimming how sad you missed it will give
you a bath someday no promises on that
one
all right let's go get him to bed oh my
gosh look at that face
