you climbed up there where did you climb
bud
yeah well that looks pretty fun hi hi
I'm gonna go down the slide back bye
first day of soccer practice with coach
dad and it looks like we got the best
location ever so they're doing roofing
over here so the kids will be able to
hear me and then we're also right next
to a freeway so I'm gonna have to yell a
lot for them to hear me for Jeremy he's
gonna go horse bring a megaphone
luckily six-year-olds pay attention
anyway six-year-olds are known for that
hey soccer player how you doing good
you're excited all right one soccer
practice down we made it
Isaac what happened today at soccer
practice um we played two games now the
first person in your own right into for
a goal you scored a goal all right so
I've been a little nervous about the
soccer but I I honestly had more fun
than any of the kids we just played a
bunch of games and it was a lot of fun
and we had seven parrots participating
which makes it a lot easier when you're
doing drills or playing games and so
that was really fun just trying to drive
home we had to wait for the geese to
cross over Logie time enough for me to
get out the camera turned on there's
just something about a baby it is just
oh she's speaking nice times I slept
while the drive you did didn't you
she's still sleeping there she is pretty
little baby toes cubby what did you just
do
bien de toilette he said I have to go
potty then I sat him down on the toilet
and he went peepee for the first time he
went peepee on the toilet I'll be on
good crack no no we don't pee on it
no sweetie pee on the penetrate now the
shower you little stinker I am bi no no
we pee in the toilet oh yeah oh yeah
okay so I just had a meeting and Isaac
and Elise were supposed to go to bed
during a meeting so I wasn't able to
really help manage them going to bed and
I just came in and checked on Isaac it's
like 9:30 and this is pretty cute
you
