all right here we are we are driving
away headed out to the library what are
we gonna do come baby awesome
so here's the story from the library
today I am an introvert a true introvert
meaning it makes me so scared to talk to
people that I don't know and um anyway
we met Isaak met a new friend at the
library today who is a also a
homeschooling family and they had three
kids and I talked to the mom for a
minute and they got in the car to drive
away when I realized that if we drove
away we had no way of getting in touch
with this family so um I unloaded the
kids and we went back into the library
and I said my kids really enjoyed
talking to your kids we were wondering
if I could get your email address so
maybe we could get together and go to
the park and play sometime and she was
of course super friendly but oh my
goodness
that's growing I'm stretching my out of
my comfort zone muscles trying to make
friends and anyway this is good
experience
we've parked the car and we're trying to
unload but they're not interested in
unloading they're reading
you
reading is that remind you of anybody
else who is reading while walking when I
first met Kendra she was reading and
walking down a flight of stairs a long
flight of stairs and she didn't really
notice me at all so but that's a story
for another day
yeah at lunchtime we study composers and
their music and so today who are we
doing Isaac goes our note start but
let's first me is Wolfgang on it Amadeus
no sorry
that's true and we're listening to piano
sonata number 15 Allegro it's super fun
to study the composer's I've gone on and
looked up the dates and learning a
little bit more about them and one of
the things I've loved about teaching the
kids as all the things I'm getting to
learn more roll you got to feed these
little monkeys
so just Jeremy was doing this and all of
a sudden we look over and there's Caleb
going to town on his air piano li see
what did you just do we go for second ah
so she wanted to read this super fun
book Fancy Nancy and the delectable
cupcakes these are really cute books I
like them and we got to one of the pages
a mom had asked me to have her read the
word God every time we came across it
and so we came across the part that but
then Elise just read the whole part on
the way home she just spread that all on
her own
looks like you got a little 3d because
it was revealed I'm supposed to read
that
good job big girl and we're excited a
big leader thank ya um while we were at
Target they also called my license plate
number for me to come up to the front
desk and apparently I left my doors open
to my car
awesome right there apparently my brains
not connected we've been home from
Target for two seconds and here they are
lest you think he's still reading the
same book that's the next one
can you see why library day is my
favorite day and this is just a show
that we are a normal family and at the
end the day when mom's exhausted and
we're waiting for dad to come home I
turn on PBS like any good mom
and we all zone out and I say no snack
dinner's almost done no body language
cause
