always hoping to catch you
this little girl loves the little Taggy
so she's playing tag she's exciting
excited to see me I was trying to sneak
up on you
but look how he tried his best to lay
his blankets down he has two blankets he
sleeps with he put one on top of the
other Caleb what did you do I lay my dad
did you make your bed a night what are
you guys doing they like water these
water beads okay if you guys have not
tried these they are awesome
best sensory toy ever I absolutely love
them I could just sit and massage my
hands through them so I just home for
lunch and I'm super proud of Kendra she
was telling me about what they've done
today so far for school and she'd been a
little nervous before with it being the
second day of school and what was going
to happen but it sounds like you guys
used your nature journals we did it just
sounds kind of hippie-ish to me that we
have nature girls yeah so we identify
the things that we're looking at we
notice the parts of them it's a it's a
way of observing the world around us and
not only are the kids doing it but you
also have been doing it too right I have
to show you her drawing it's pretty I
was really proud of my drawing it looks
really good when was the last time you
went out and spent 15 minutes observing
nature and sketching something that you
found in nature
have you ever done it Boy Scouts maybe
you see it's like really therapeutic
kinder than boy skills it was really
relaxing I was glad to do it so Isaac
and I are learning greater-than
less-than show them show them the signs
we made with the tea so we've been using
those to eat the greater than and less
than signs but then I looked over and
the next problem show me what you're
doing again there was Isaac he says I
know how to heat I'll be the
greater-than less-than sign we've been
having fun he's a trooper all right I
just gave Laura her first little sip of
water I love their little faces their
little reactions are just priceless
Oh is them oh she's loving so it's
always fun to come home from work to a
bunch of super happy kids hey you got
some laura is ready for her first piece
she has not eaten food yet
Laura you can eat yeah I always people
are getting the memo how are you eat a
girl oh it goes in your mouth oh I just
realized what we forgot what a bib oh we
could go put one on her right now she's
eating like a champ already I'll go get
it
we've got three bids coming up here
shortly guys a visitor and mom and dad's
room so this tree it was a really strong
night and the branch fell and landed
right up by the house it just barely
missed the house so I decided to pull it
over here take the bark off and turn it
into a balance beam it's FS you can do
it
look at the focus
