yeah it's your first day of pre-k and
what are we having for breakfast
cinnamon rolls first Dave kindergarten
for me
marking it off the list how much morning
you got left you only have a couple more
to do for you checking another one off
your list good job
okay go make your bed have you made your
bed Isaac who you ready got it don't you
like chore can you guys all get together
I'm gonna take a picture of you guys on
the stairs all right all right I think
my big kindergartener come on up first
day of school first day of school what
you're gonna get on the first day of
school what did you get ten picture
sweet I always wanted one of these I
think Caleb broke the last one that we
had Isaac I'm gonna show you okay this
is your calendar notebook and these are
your math books and this all right Lisa
you have your calendar book and little
markers and your reading books a whole
big the reading books and there's first
day
yay
where's your stuff can you find it yeah
it has a big letter C on it alright here
we are at the Lego actually the library
are you serious apparently she's not
sleeping I totally thought she was
sleeping in there is a statue which is a
statue of it's a ballet girl it's a
statue of a ballet girl turn it to me
again so I can see it oh that is
beautiful I love me a good swing and
every time we come to the park this girl
just live on the swing she's such a
happy girl
and Isaac is out climbing on a tree out
there or headed to climb a tree
all right after LEGO Club and a not back
to school home school picnic party it is
now quiet time Caleb and Laura are
sleeping and Isaac is ready to dive into
kindergarten any Lisa's ready to dive
into pre-k so now is where the real
magic happens
you're done with the first lesson so he
did the textbook and the workbook for
the day and Elise is working on some
mazes this one's too long it is true so
these are pre printing practice mazes
working our way through the book nice
good work and what treat did you guys
get gum Sour Patch Kids
it's Nikki dogs and I am eating my lunch
while I hang out with them so we just
talked about what country yeah
Kenia and their what world's top team
rowers we learned about a first day of
school in Kenya so this little peanut
just started scooting a couple of days
ago and look at her mood I mean she is
going to town Laura are you army
growling are you army scooching and he
will follow down just there come on
4head yeah we can't let Laura get close
to the stairs huh we got block the
stairs yeah get him you're blocking the
stairs we don't need a baby gate will
just put came up there kiddo can you
stay there all day yeah awesome that
kills two birds with one stone it so now
it is afternoon time we're getting ready
to have a snack caleb is working on his
letter pictures
Isaac is doing copy work whose quote are
you doing Isaac Reagan Ronald Reagan
what did he say yeah a second we can't
help everyone
we can help some what are you gonna do
that burp off Caleb big up pop oh you
taking care of that sister of yours
okay between her learning to crawl and
him deciding not to nap I'm in for it
really truly well the kids are having
their late afternoon snack it's
spaghetti squash with marinara sauce on
it
hi Caleb and I was just telling them
they get to go outside and play until
dinner so Kendra had talked about this
for a long time she wanted to do a
special dinner on the first day of
school and we came up with the perfect
special dinner something that's so novel
that the kids would love that we've
never had before meat ice cream for
their marinesko Pistons your chocolate
syrup I mean all right so there's the
ice cream
there we go yeah to celebrate you guys
worked hard today how was the first day
of school Issac head what was your
favorite part
doing your homework was your favorite
part
all right what did you like about school
today
ah well Sarah a new one you met a new
friend what at the park first day of
school thing yeah a target so fun he
wouldn't go either house so bad oh don't
go it their house so bad well we'll have
to do that sometime well it sounds like
you guys had a good first day of school
