oh I literally could not find Caleb
somebody knew he was doing something he
shouldn't what were you doing right now
I love easiness you're eating mommy's
yogurt yeah why are you eating under the
table and I'm hiding from where are you
hiding from me
you're excited we're going to pick up
our aunt Michelle and our cousin Luke
and they're going to come with us on a
grand adventure heading into the
butterfly garden Gardens
hopefully we see a butterfly we came out
to Powell gardens today look at this
opening is beautiful what do you guys
think you know which one it looks like
to me
the owl butterfly yeah cuz look on the
side eyes if you can see the spot oh my
goose look at this
Oh
oh my goodness
for me
what are you sneaking up to butterflies
yeah
find it on your list
I feel
have you found it or didn't find the
match
oh that's a beautiful match
the kids are getting a little bit
freaked out when they get too close
they're a little bit nervous about them
landing on them what are we looking at
gonna kill cocoons yeah I think are they
called Priscilla Spurs on I think on
moths their cocoons and Laura going to
town on my earrings
looks like I'm at the stage where I have
to stop wearing earrings seriously
gorgeous day I'm just in love with this
whole place here it is I wish that this
was not an hour from my home or else I
would be here at least all the time
anyway loving it
climbing structure there's a sandbox you
can hear the waterfall off in the
distance all right what do we got here
man this is awesome up here it's the
house what do you think
you love this slide look there the boys
up there climbing yay for sandbox we are
headed over to the island garden
what are we on guys
Caleb sees the birds up there just hot
we are in the silo Oh does that feel
during much of the year you eat your way
through the maze
hey looks like it fell no worries I got
you covered
awesome
so after a long day it's finally bedtime
and I walked into Isaac's any least room
just now and I thought he on her bed and
I looked over and where's Isaac I looked
in the bathroom and I looked around I
said Isaac where are you and then he
popped up out of nowhere
