started and I'll then that's it yes so
there's so many times where the kids
will disappear for a little bit and you
have no idea what they're doing and then
I come out and who knows what you'll
find it so this time they're making a
carpet of blankets
a spider then up the waterspout now
bringing it what but you're out and then
you saw him drive already spider it
washed out walk now down getting ready
to sign out and sign it by your pic
water filter oh I want ten kids if you
find a walk now
now get out things on it slider with
water empty Becky fire time all-out
battle game in it yes
you died who knows how many more times
he would have kept going had he not died
he kind of something it's even see
spider all day long but he died he's
dead now she's dead oh you're back okay
what are you doing
wha-what
okay wait let's see if into the cubby
what do you got there really sounding
one more gum that's how you just like
yours what we teach some crazy skills at
our home you're left-handed - you're
doing it
