often early in the morning Caleb and I
are up before anybody else we're
admiring the sunrise it's a good story
the Constitution of the United States
it's a good read that's ours
that's not the libraries we own the
Constitution of the United States I got
that in law school you and Jesus I know
the pages will you read us some of it
yeah that's me monster king a new one is
this based on a true story it says the
Constitution of the United States the
Constitution also known as the monster
book yeah when she was in grandma eating
yeah are you gonna come meet Alexa yeah
all right so one other thing that we got
for homeschooling is this device it's an
Amazon echo dot this is not sponsored by
the way but we are going to be using it
to play music in our house and to play
audiobooks to our kids and so we're
going to show it
this morning I think it's gonna be
interesting to see how they respond to
it because it's like a little robot
which reminds me of the Jetsons if
anybody's old enough to have watched the
Jetsons so this is called Alexa have you
guys heard of it yeah what is it
it isn't that like Amazon echo and drag
another name for it yeah this is like
the echo dot it does anything you want
it can like sing songs it can't like
walk Alexa make me a pizza playing music
Alexa turn off the music oh you have to
be firm with Alexa Alexa what is the
weather today we don't need our team
anymore this does what our TV doesn't
matter best thing about it is that if
you w sports Alexa what like receiver
and the NFL had the most receiving yards
do you know anybody named my name is
Alexa can you play some dance music so
we're gonna be mostly using this for at
home school is listening to audiobooks
and Elise's first audiobook she's gonna
be listening to is little house in the
big ones so let me show you how we're
gonna use it for that Alexa can you play
a little house in the Big Woods and your
book for audible resuming little house
in the Big Woods
there's 21 minutes left to the chapter
so you'll just go in and ask her to play
the next chapter and it will keep going
little house in the Big Woods once upon
a time Alexa play ballet music
Alessa stop Alexa what is 24 plus 36
plus 12 minus 7 24 plus 36 plus 12 minus
7 is equal to 65 Alexa how many inches
are in a mile
1 mile equals 63,000 or 360 inches Alexa
how are you feeling today to be honest
it's been kind of a rough day just
kidding Alexa can you tell me a joke
when is a door not a door when it's ajar
when it's ajar Jeremy okay call from
home LexA send a message to Marla what's
the message hey Marla sorry to bug you
this morning we were just testing out
Alexa you guys want to say hi it happen
Alexa what song is playing right now
that was going around blurryface by
twenty one pilots is that right yeah
Alexa make the fart noise I've never
ever broken wind let the Harold are you
I'm too in human years fourteen in dog
years and 25 in cat years you guys like
us how in our family were always like
two years behind whatever technological
is happening like I didn't get into
YouTube until 2014 does everybody have
one of these already
is it something that exactly it's like
we're we die well that is a surprisingly
fun little toy robot so for a PE today
we're gonna teach the kids tennis
hey Lori here's a racket for you
so it's a single game there we go
so I forgot something to shade her
little bald head from the Sun so I'm
gonna still Jeremy that's fine gonna
steal yours daddy but it's got to keep
the Sun away
nice
yes
it's not one to wanted to love love
that's exactly right
so what's the score it's a great game I
thought love was zero yeah like it's 15
love 30 love yeah maybe that's right
when we get home we will have to ask
Alexa what love is Network what like the
tennis point system is yeah but look
your shirt said love Jeremy starting to
show the kids a real serve and he's a
little bit struggling so there's a shady
Park right by the tennis courts
gonna frag cover okay then you go to the
next one
yeah it's swinging just like the ninja
warriors you got it yeah you're doing it
I can eat handwriting practice for the
win
look at that handwriting Isaac that's
incredible so we were accidentally doing
a GU and look at that qu lease that
looks awesome
what letters that okay which one you're
gonna do next
good job did you draw somebody that's
sad
Laura's turn what letter are you making
Laura what is it I can't hear you whose
name starts with an L Laura Laura
good job tracing oh my goodness Caleb
that looks so nice you improved so much
even just since yesterday three plus
four equals seven so wait and see if it
melts yeah it equals that is so cool so
it's a very physical way to see that and
be equal so that's right basses awesome
this is my chopped and chopped until it
was all chopped fine she put the balls
in a pan out in the shed when butchering
time was over there were the sausages
and the head cheese so what do you think
of listening to a read aloud oh I love
it you get a do anything while you
listen and you can't go through it so
fast then your mom reading it yeah yes
so I'm like ahead did you like coloring
while you were doing it yes and I got a
whole page yeah do you think you're
gonna like painting during it another
day
show me how you can do it yeah girl
she sits night dance now so this morning
as a family we studied a hurricane
Harvey West here is the port so this
little girl is 6 months old today
apparently had a bad day gosh guys give
me a break
