so this morning as a family we studied a
hurricane Harvey West here is the port
so this little girl is six months old
today
apparently had a bad day gosh guys give
me a break
well I have a lot of errands to run this
morning first up is getting our car
inspected because it's time to re
register the tags on our plates so I'm
getting ready for the day and I just
sprayed dry shampoo and look at it it
just makes me look like I'm going gray
anyway it's crazy I think I maybe use
too much today or something cuz I feel
like I'm a grandma and Caleb is just
standing here watching me and he just
keeps laughing what do you think
actually looks like how old do I look
20 20 this is my 20 year old look
apparently I Drive so elese just came in
and told me that she's trying to match
me today and I think we're off to a good
start I like your hair
and now here we are matching smashing
hey cowboy that's pretty awesome
so next I'm getting a receipt for my
property taxes that I've paid it and it
costs $1 to get the copy on it and
luckily I had some change in the car
because I never carry cash with me and
it's a dollar so hopefully it's just a
dollar for the printout I'm not like a
dollar
so we've spent the morning cleaning up
and as soon as I finished a project I
came out to see this messes and kids
it's just like every time they want to
do something like this I'm like hey you
guys know you're gonna clean it up right
and they try but it really takes a mom
to help finish up this kind of a job
this is pretty cool what are you guys
working on we are making you're gonna
clean it up soon what did you guys do
this all by yourselves
way to go she got the books I set it up
are your car keys
I have to commemorate this moment the
kids were playing with that fort and
then I said hey guys it's time to clean
up and they just said yes and then they
divided up and Laura put the pillows
away and Caleb moved the chairs and the
books and I did the blankets and within
like a few moments it was completely
clean way to go mr. cooperation station
you're growing up I think it's because
you're in kindergarten
you're learning how to cooperate all
right now I'm gonna come see how long
the line is to try to get my car tags
well I got the tags are go in the
license plate and I'm back home just in
time for lunch
and Cuba boy show me where they are
there's one right there
look at that bug bite oh mylanta
sweetheart
dude where did all these bugs come from
let me see
oh my goodness oh my goodness what so I
don't know what exactly happened if it's
just like this particular spot they're
playing in because that's not normal for
our yard so we're just gonna come inside
and kinda call it a day give her a bath
no bug bites are not fun miss Laura are
you okay do your bug bites hurt let's
come inside for a little bit okay
so this morning as a family we studied a
hurricane Harvey and its devastating
effects that there's been in our country
it's so sad we watched some videos and
read some reports and my heart just
really went out to everyone affected by
the storm and all the relief workers
that are there anyway as we finished
studying me knelt down as a family to
pray for them and we were talking with
the kids about what we could do to help
and Caleb said hey mom we have two
couches we only really need one let's
give one away and the kids were all
sharing ideas of things that we could do
so I look forward to in the next couple
of days trying to find some way that our
family can be involved and help and
anyway until then we're praying in form
and thinking about everyone so of course
we've also been learning about
hurricanes and once the diverse student
hurricane and her tornado and I've got
some hurricane tracking sheets I'm gonna
teach the kids how to use now this is a
sheet that we can use to track a
tropical storm and sometimes tropical
storms develop into hurricanes
all right so Caleb on your sheet of
paper there's lines up here and there's
lines this way and this is longitude and
this is latitude and those are imaginary
lines on the earth that help us pinpoint
certain locations on earth yeah so
longitude is long and latitude is flat
flat Atun latitude
you guys wanna help me track a hurricane
yeah okay now this is an imaginary storm
so it's not hurricane Harvey okay but on
the computer later I can show you guys
the path that hurricane Harvey went all
right
hurricane mommy is what we're going to
track this hurricane mom is gonna start
out as a tropical storm at ten degrees
north and 40 degrees west ten degrees
north so look for a ten so it's gonna
start way down there but then it moves
because that's what happens to tropical
storms the wind blows them whoa now it's
at 12 degrees north and 45 degrees west
there's not a 12 so there's a 10 and a
15 so you have to count up so that one
would be 11 and then that one would be
12 do you see the little line 50 degrees
west
it comes down but stops there because
that's where the 15 is about there yeah
that's exactly right that's where your
storm is moving so it's moving and
gaining strength and I'll just bigger so
it's still a tropical storm mommy now
it's turning into a hurricane
dun dun okay the next one is an 18
degrees north and 65 degrees way hmm
it's right here good job when it's a
hurricane you color it in black like
this symbol it is it's getting stronger
all is appearing blue the eye of the
storm hurricane mommy getting one soon
two eyes do a dud dud so apparently had
a bad day gosh guys give me a break so
the last coordinates are 30 degrees
north and 82 degrees west
hurricane mom where did I hit you hit
Jacksonville
you guys did great at this activity all
right where we had any lease my first
two turtle s yeah this is for a dyslexia
rhyme and how are you feeling about it
I'm feeling happy because I get help
teaching all right let's go meet our
tutor let's go
I'm excited for you
hello that was quite the big smile so
this little girl is six months old today
how is that even possible she is sitting
up she rolls all around she tries to get
up on her knees and scoop backwards kind
of she is a great little nurse er she
smiles all the time janay is a great
eater she still eats every I don't know
two to three hours when she's awake he
also gets up once maybe twice at night
to eat but she's actually pretty good
sleeper
she takes three maybe four naps in a day
and they're usually pretty short naps
like maybe thirty minutes long but
occasionally she's starting to take
longer now she sleeps swaddle she's
drooling but she doesn't have any tea
she likes to suck on her hands and her
feet she's going for it the often bends
in half and she loves all of her
brothers and sisters and her mom and her
dad so let's be honest I'm her favorite
she's starting to get kind of nervous
around people that she doesn't know like
she'll sometimes cry if somebody else is
holding her if I leave her with somebody
yeah she takes a bottle but she prefers
to nurse janae is an absolute joy she
makes everything in life better and
she's still bald and she's getting
talkative what are you gonna do next
you're gonna just crawl
so her nicknames are Nene and Nene bug
little miss janae you can get me you got
me good job it's kind of sad to me that
she's growing up so fast I've just
enjoyed her babyhood so so so much she's
an absolute joy but we haven't started
on solids yet
that's janae in a nutshell
how are you two
little cousins playing together there
you go
you are a crawling machine or it was
super excited Michaels here Elise and I
made sprinkle covered rice krispie
treats with marshmallows my brother
Travis and his family are hanging out
with us tonight
it's been super exciting to see little
baby Elizabeth she is crawling around
and getting stronger if you remember
back when we had our family reunion we
were praying for her to be getting
better and she has a big appointment
coming up this week and so we're
continuing to pray for her and hoping
for progress hey Danielle presenting
