preventing you helping Laura good
morning today is the very first day of
school for us we homeschool and today's
the day we are officially starting the
kids on their new grades and I think
this might be the yummiest breakfast
that we've ever made eggs bacon roasted
veggies lemon poppy seed and strawberry
lows fresh fruit and amazing local
flavored milk all right we have
strawberry milk
cotton candy milk cookies and cream milk
and chocolate milk all right for the
first day of school you want strawberry
milk why do you like strawberry milk
because it's pink what kind of app are
you gonna get um I like it like my
favorite color is blue so I might have
cotton candy and then strawberry and
then I'll just have all the times I
think I'm you have cookies and cream
first because that that's like my
favorite flavor whole question which
flavor would you choose I think I'm with
Isaac I think I'm gonna start with
cookies and cream Oh or maybe strawberry
strawberries when I go to most of my
life but chocolate sounds really
soothing
I always like small motions small
portion candy milk when I drop drunk
this strawberry milk allergy like it's
so good you know make it silly babe
watch out that was me your preschool
pose anybody for you
so next up this morning is a family
devotional to start the school year we
wanted to talk about the kind of home
that we want to have the kind of school
year that we want to have as a family
and kind of set some goals about the way
we want to be treating each other in our
home we also want to take some time to
pray together for our school year and
for each of our children it's one of my
favorite things to do together as a
family is to kneel and pray over each
child and pray over their school year
and what they're going to be learning
and and just really try to try to bless
them and share our love with them and
help them feel God's love as a way to
begin the new year the new school year
use your school supplies it's called
play foam we're gonna play with it the
princess time book hey that's a matching
game we match oh it's Caleb's turn and I
think he's been the most excited cuz
he's starting
this is gonna help you with and rainy I
want to go show Isaac these are your
piano little guys gonna be starting
piano this year so these are plays that
you and your brothers and sisters are
gonna get to act out together you like
have to pick apart and then be that
person in the play you have to read the
play wanders of America yeah I'm gonna
teach you how to do some drawing and
this is your reading book what do you
think yeah I just play with them right
away we can do school today for sure
presenting
so here's all your reading books for
this year that's a lot it's a bracelet
that's also a ruler no I'm not cool huh
I can't big girl scissors yeah are they
pretty
uh-huh I never got ones that are pointy
and big yeah you're banned from physics
it's at least this is a paint by number
but it's a big girl one so yours is
gonna look like this after you think oh
yeah it's gonna be challenging but I
think you can do it
mm-hmm we've got two different kinds of
NASA that I wanted to show you this
one's called many math and what it is is
it has a menu of different foods and
then you use that to do math problems
with fun so you can see like how much
would it cost to get a root beer and a
pizza and then this one you told me you
wanted some colorful math so these ones
are like math games that you'll get to
build and then play wow I never had like
this awesome of crayons in my light they
sparkle we can share them okay
sure once you got
this is a coloring book that we got with
gel pens because you are going to be
listening to a bunch of audio books this
year and so I wanted you to have some
activities to do while you listen this
is the first part of the coloring but
it's hard okay this is gonna be some
practice person all right and Blake
cards you're gonna make your own game
this year there are limits history make
my own history timeline yes a kid's
president guides could be awesome
not that you need a guide you're already
pretty awesome yes then you got spelling
and grammar grammar minute so it's not
going to be too long and I reveal to you
that long so it shows like how big it is
and yeah yeah so this is a book about
the math that's in basketball but Isaac
look this is an actual map okay you're
gonna be doing that this year
about basketball wait is your back like
my math the math book it's not cool
then we have logic for you and this is
whodunit mysteries their logic puzzles
to solve see like reading the story also
it's logic its problem-solving trying to
figure out the mystery and your math is
still coming
it didn't get this student planner
congratulations
scented markers a marshmallow
that is awesome
yeah I'm so excited about these books
you are gonna get to read on the first
one looks fantastic one cake Percy
Jackson farmer boy the kid entrepreneur
books oh I wonder we can watch the movie
that's coming yes The Magician's Nephew
that's es lewis' that's the language in
the world from the mixed-up files of
mrs. basil II frankweiler pretty much
one of my favorite for example is a
really funny or what it's weird it's
intriguing
whose face millionaire I've been excited
for that okay the goodness just keeps
going do you guys want to see the family
stuff
oh why we go later wait - forever
these are our new scented pencils yep
this is for everybody no these are our
family read a lot of books for the year
yeah I'm so excited about it so this
year we're going to learn some sewing
projects we actually have a little
sewing machine the kids are going to get
use and make some cool stuff it's a
magnetic puzzle and look guys this one
has new colors so now you'll have
different colors instead of all this the
same 12 colors all the time on put hours
and hours and hours into getting these
things she makes the lists and she goes
through all kinds of stuff to get this
for you so make sure to say thank you to
her and show her love that wasn't enough
love giving more love their bells you
can learn how to play songs with your
bells wonders of America so you can
learn yet all about it and it's easy to
read watch it go through them it's six
book and
well journey is obviously not starting
school but we got her something to eat
you need that it's a new chew toy
it's at either we can also attach for
binky on there but it's a teething toy
and we can like stick this on here right
so it won't fall yeah so that when we're
out on like field trips I don't have to
be constantly worried about the binky
dropping Isaac's working on some cursive
review before he starts with the cursive
writing quote practice
Caleb's working on pen and control how's
it going buddy harder than right saw
we're working really hard at it and the
lease is also working on cursive
practice you guys still need practice
with my pen control
you have pretty nice handwriting
sweetheart Caleb what just arrived your
math books
well the boys math books arrived just in
time I sit Isaac's got three be from
Singapore Matt those are all Isaac's and
then these ones at the bottom are yours
Kalin you want to do some of it yeah
poor Isaac
he's just realizing that all of his math
can't be basketball math he's been doing
the basketball math workbook and what'd
he think of that one I love it you love
it
so when his real textbook arrived you'd
like no this is trash you just call your
math book trash we can save it for at
least a month can you make a worse face
in this I wanna make a funny face do you
see this face I've got here you kind of
make up on your face in there you don't
have enough chin to do a double chin
there we go we're so proud he's trying
to make a double chin you did it while
the girls are napping is when we try to
do most of our book work and so Isaac
has done his cursive handwriting he's
done his spelling he's moved on to his
logic workbook Elise has done math and
cursive and now she's getting ready for
reading and Caleb what have you done so
far you did handwriting and oh we did
some phonics reading we've tried that
playbook it was really cool I really
liked it
Caleb's working on math so does blank
mean zero Isaac's doing a logic workbook
can you show us the front we're doing
level two and then we have level three
for when he finishes this Haley's ready
to read
yeah somebody woke up from her nap
how you feelin okay good what are we
playing
turns out Laura is killing it at this
game she's great so there's the shadow
of the guitar and there's the guitar
does it match yes we did it yes those
are definitely a match what do you think
of this game Laura is it easy or hard
why is it all highlighted um because
it's like this is mine are you Sam yes
and what role are you if your cancer you
highlighted your part thank you so are
you in the play too are you doing your
part Laura here I like the very end but
she cannot stand it damn it Laura
well I'm gonna let them finish
practicing we'll come back for the real
book it's called salmon can snap sam is
caleb cams elese alex is Isaac and a cat
we have it in the jar to eat fast time
again did you know that your cat is in
the grass and heat and it has a bag and
well it has a bag and it's get up thanks
Alex
your pal it was a snap I'm glad that
sure needs tax too
Wow
we have fun school year we have 25 of
these plays when we survived our first
home school day back and there were so
many good moments but there were things
that didn't go as planned either we
actually had a lot of stuff we were
hoping to do this afternoon at noon and
evening that we didn't get to because of
scheduling issues and anyway it's also
just a lot of work like getting back to
it I'm like Oh feeling a little bit
overwhelmed like how are we going to
manage this how are we going to manage
maintaining the home remembering to do
the laundry getting kids to you know
ballet and stuff that they need to be at
I'm really grateful that we're
homeschooling it is a challenge but it's
a challenge that I enjoy and that's
right for our family right now and so
we'll be at it again tomorrow okay guys
how was your first day of school me and
mom aren't going school shopping
let's see hat looks very nice hey Laura
what grade are you gonna be in this year
I came back out to my car doesn't start
again
