me and mom are going school shopping
let's see how it looks very nice hey
Laura what grade are you gonna be in
this year I came back out to my car
doesn't start again yeah oh yeah
whenever she first sees me in the
morning well our little car here has
continued to give us some trouble after
jumping it it did end up dying again
Kendra had to pick up something before
she's heading to a playdate with Laura
and janae so I just brought the van
we'll be here in case we need to jump it
again let us know in the poll have you
been having any car problems this month
because that can be a pain when you're
having car troubles all right moment of
truth will the car start no problem
let's see yay luckily I'll be at my
friend's house if this doesn't start
next
Isaac what are we doing why are you
getting a violin Isaac I wanna learn
more instruments alright let's do it
Kazik we're gonna see which violin is
the right size for you oh yeah oh yeah
okay that looks good I want you to keep
a little bit of curve that looks great
quarter-sized they are aren't they
work do you know where the horses live
farms in Mongolia in Siberia Wow
know where those places are a long ways
away I can China in Russia I like
hearing the violin you're gonna get
really good at tuning your violin buddy
played a great time with my friends at
the mom brunch there was a bunch of moms
a bunch of kids it was a great time I
come back out to my car doesn't start
again so my friends and I jumped it
which I was really proud of that we were
able to do that and now I'm actually
taking it straight in to get looked at
because it keeps I notice you're Laura
what's going on with our car is it
broken what are we gonna do about it
we're gonna go to the doctor for the car
so a doctor for a car is called a
mechanic we're gonna go take our card to
the mechanic and have them look at it
and see why it keeps not starting does
that sound like a good idea I'm doing
right now is I'm fitting the feet I got
some carbon paper here it shows me the
high spots on the bridge go ahead and
take those high spots off it's got to
get it just right isn't it you guys that
some people for a living for their job
make repair build and work with violins
isn't that cool
do heavy there we go
playing with your name keeping her happy
there's actually a pretty nice waiting
room here and we're the only people in
it which is probably the best thing
about it they have Super Why on TV or
what letters DC la ra is that you spell
your name
so there's totally different letters on
the screen but the little character asks
what letters do you see and she spelled
her name la you are a so she knows what
letters spell her name
that's progress how do you spell your
name did you oh you're done is your gum
gone now open your mouth you did you
followed your gum so laura has been
getting really good at chewing gum but
occasionally she still swallows it and I
can I don't know how concerned I should
be about that I've heard before that it
takes like seven years to digest gum in
your stomach if that's true that's kind
of a problem what I do right now is I
give Laura little tiny pieces of gum to
practice on like I just tear like a
quarter of a piece of gum off and she
gets to practice with that so that's
what's working right now for us
his first time playing the violin so
we're actually really lucky there's a
friend from our congregation at church
who is really talented he plays the
viola but he gives violin lessons
figuring it all out a future Lindsey
Stirling she letting you play with the
files he told you you could yeah
okay be careful of your thumb put a hole
in it too beautiful and I can bring this
with me well he's gonna let you take a
tool this is the most exciting day in
the world trick Caleb there you go have
fun with that well it turned out the
battery was bad which is why every time
we charged it it just died again so we
got a new battery all put in and we're
ready to go when I turn the car on Laura
was pretty excited about the magic of it
me and mom are going school shopping and
we're reviewing what we need a backpack
of lunch box pencils and a notebook and
a folder or something to eat
I really decide Lisi what grade are you
gonna be in who do we need to do that
soon yeah see Lisa's turn to pick out a
backpack I think I see which one you're
gonna pick it's a nice big backpack
you're trying on I think you know how to
tighten them just pull on them what do
you think I think these are down this
very nice I want to do something like I
think I want to be like a gorilla
it's amazing to me when I'm shopping
with Caleb and Elyse how much they look
up to an admirer Isaac I'm so grateful
he's such a big brother because it makes
a big difference it's pink and purple
and it's humongous ooh that's pretty
cute it's a heart
all right Lacey time to pick out a
folder
okay go ahead and put it in the cart so
my kids don't love mechanical pencils
they like regular pencils I prefer
mechanical pencils whole question which
one do you prefer the point of decision
is coming which backpack do you want
least that's the one great choice I
think you're gonna be really happy with
it
I can't grade here she comes so instead
of a treat Elise and I found these shoes
and they're on clearance so we're gonna
get em you excited
matching yay for end of summer clearance
she's ready for second grade you're
gonna rock it big girl what is now
Laura's turn to go back-to-school
shopping with me and let's be honest she
doesn't really need any back-to-school
supplies but having this special date
time with me and letting her pick out
like a pencil and an eraser and a folder
just makes her feel all grown up and
gets her excited about it too and that's
really important to me that she has that
special time you're right let's watch
out for the cars yep this is the place
run ran ran ran ran good job good job
it can yeah that's magic yeah that's so
exciting
good job are you gonna ride with me how
about this racer yeah
all right Laura which pencils do you
want the pink ones can't put them in the
cart the job we put the other ones back
on the Shelf miss Laura do you think we
should get some more crayons I was
thinking we might need to get some new
colors there's this one this one's the
sparkle ones do you see how they sparkle
hey Laura what grade are you gonna be in
this year Elsa and Anna are just Elsa
there's another one you still want Elsa
can you measure Steph yeah you all right
so how big am I
she's measuring me oh all over me okay
how big am i I'm 48 seconds
banking is that how big I am well Laura
was really decisive so we're already
done and for her treat
what did you want look this one's
strawberry milk yeah for you for your
treat
yeah what color is your strawberry
Mountain and what are you gonna put that
in
yeah all right ma'am you ready for a
great year preschool
we are back-to-school shopping for what
grade
