hello everybody and how are you we are
back-to-school shopping for what grade
Wow I'm the person who takes care of her
and gets a hair done and everything hmm
I did it all by myself good job so why
do you have your backpack on today Laura
it's pre school day it fits you just
right
does it cover your bum can you do choice
where I'm gonna head down to fix the car
do you wanna come help me it's always
good to have the experiences three
curious kids one two three I am teacher
oh well do you want to come help us
yeah thanks teacher that's the inside of
the van so after we went to the piano
guys concert my little car hasn't
started I don't know why I'm wondering
if just the battery's dead so I'm gonna
try to jump it Oh
so you push the lever tray up here so
you got to push and lift at the same
time Bert start a fire it's not supposed
to let's see if it works
that's good news
well today is Laura's first day of
preschool and she's really excited about
it what she's doing this year for
preschool is called a co-op preschool
and what that means is that six of my
friends and I are all taking turns
hosting our kids and so she rotates
through and then I get a turn to host as
well which I really enjoy doing so
today's the first day and it's also my
turn to host
hello everybody and how are you how are
you hello everybody and roll your roll
like in seeing all these friends today
is a big attraction we're starting with
some really fun songs and games next up
is teddy bear teddy bear turn around you
guys it's a classic teddy bear teddy
bear turn off the light teddy bear teddy
bear say goodnight everybody lay down
with your teddy bears Emily was a
serious girl and under serious pieces
the day after Emily was still a serious
girl but she almost smiled when she saw
Jack again can you guys almost smile but
it's got a free the creatures from the
ice
you got another log of ice so they're
working on two of them
you guys are working hard almost free
you going out Caleb and Elise are
working together on getting our next
project ready which is mixing frosting
into three different colors what colors
do you have to make it into Caleb the
primary colors this orange you just have
to stir it up real good now it's time
for snack time and we're gonna have a
little artist snack time we're gonna
learn about how primary colors will mix
together make secondary colors with
frosting and pretzels which makes it
more fun of course so what color is this
me people are red what color is this you
what color is this yeah hey does anybody
know what happens if I mix yellow and
red together so when you mix yellow and
red together you get orange I think you
just like to eat it okay everybody take
some red and mix it with some yellow you
do good you got hoarding
what color green you are you coloring su
at the same time that's a fancy skill
that looks awesome I like the pink part
good job sizzle sizzle sizzle sizzle
little girls are both napping the house
is quiet which is a huge contrast this
morning when it was not quiet at all
anyway we're gonna do some or read-aloud
time it's who's on your page
Oh Harry Potter have we even met Ron in
the book yet all right it is time for
back-to-school shopping I like to take
the kids one at a time it's just fun to
have that downtime it's not as chaotic
and we get to really talk about the
school here and what we're looking
forward to this year so Isaac you ready
for this yeah your first step what grade
are you going into this year 3rd
thanks for opening the door okay buddy
what do you need to buy for school about
a new lunchbox sure actually no because
last year I bought a backpack and a
lunch box that can last me for a long
time we need some glue and luckily I
think we came to the right place
i thik loves being planned so the idea
of a student planners and I was pretty
cool
conversion tables and then we could put
your plans for every day on there it
won't be a school OB for school and just
normal things he's totally my child I'm
a planner I love making lists I love
writing things in my planner he's mine
I'm like making this I do us so lesson
learned we need to come school shopping
earlier next year not because we have to
start school earlier but because they
sell out of all this stuff Isaac wants a
new folder and look at the options we
have frozen kiddies and luckily which
men did we find okay so which ones are
gonna be NFL football versus baseball in
the ultimate decision I'll take this
because this is more of school year time
so I'll probably be invest more during
this boy a good plan size for soccer
ball excited about it yeah
these are the cheapest and the coolest
and he reads while he's walking
definitely my child you're gonna bump
into something stop just kidding so
how'd back-to-school shopping go awesome
and when we do back-to-school shopping I
usually get the kids a little treat when
we leave and Isaac chose that instead of
a treat like a candy bar or something he
wanted these sports sticker collections
they're like a dollar and he really
likes them yeah and the players which
sport are you looking at right now
football easy to please look who's with
me now with it okay love and we are
back-to-school shopping for what grade
are you excited
you have arrived at the backpack section
yeah sure perfect so this one has the
water bottle holders on the sides and a
few more pockets do wanna check the
buckets out why is it perfect because he
has big enough things pockets and yeah
so why do you need big pockets for
kindergarten because you come homeless
30 20 to 30 papers you think so there's
the folders your decisive dude
alright Caleb let's get you a water
bottle for school this one says camo is
my favorite color
this one says just chillin I'm a
princess it says lol that means laughing
out loud alright which one did you
choose
camo is my favorite color what color is
camo I don't know is it this yeah it's
like army guy what is this I do not know
welcome please scan your first item
the job gala
we're headed to Lilo's all right Neela
what did you order
Tigers blood and Silver Fox and I
ordered what has become my absolute
favorite which is root beer with coconut
and cream in it it's amazing
Tigers blood his cousin Luke recommended
this let's see what he thinks
thumbs up does it taste like real tiger
blood do you think tastes like
watermelon with a little bit of coke
well it has definitely been an eventful
day Caleb do you want to say it for us
it might be a house out let me guess Jay
Happ
