good morning right out here especially
if you just woke up and we brought our
morning snuggles out onto this like
balcony place and for just out say good
- say good way to say I'm gonna eat you
guys Oh
there's yogurt and granola and fruit
over here they have french toast and
waffles empty
berries
all right you gonna get some a good job
Lisa motorable Caleb served himself his
breakfast we're packed up and checking
out of our room and headed to the water
park for the day oh come on
so we decided to pay for a dining plan
while we're here and we don't have to
leave the place at all and we can just
get what we need and it comes with
unlimited beverages which car can never
get
oh thanks probably good dad
- these machines are cool that's perfect
hey guys what do you think yummy what'd
you get
oh it was strawberry strawberry Fanta
this is my dream destiny why because you
get unlimited soda yeah so really
honestly this man is happier than all of
them it's true this makes it a vacation
for him and what kind will mom go with
obviously she's really like water there
you go
how's your baby oh she's crying right
now
no do you have a good baby she sleeps at
night
that is amazing oh that's so sad do you
take care of her yeah she likes when I
take bread
do you guys want to go swimming say bye
to your new friend
you
appetizers by the pool and the kids
claim to not be hungry I think they're
displaying to learn or maybe the kids
aren't hungry because they've been
drinking they're yummy drinks this whole
time I think they're filling up on ICS
unlimited drinks Inge is like a new
thing for us police actually told me
she's like mom I think I want to just
drink some water now think it's funny
how when you have too much of something
you don't want anymore
together
we successfully tired a map we gettin
tired ready
say goodbye we're heading home
so we are watching a video on the drive
home but nah it's a really long drive
home but because we do not Caleb and
Laura to fall asleep in the car right
now it's almost bedtime and if they fall
asleep before we get home then they'll
fall asleep before dinner they might say
it forever tonight so we're trying to
keep the hoping parenting tip don't let
kids take naps at dinner well we made it
home right before a storm hit and now
we're going to sit down and eat our
dinner
is going to join us at the table for the
first time she's so big we have been
busy all day getting ready because we
are going on our last summer adventure
so the house has picked up the kids are
ready but they don't know what we're
going to
