we have been busy all day getting ready
because we are going on our last summer
adventure so the house is picked up the
kids are ready but they don't know what
we're going to find this on my wall this
morning is this the party all those
games are for our party braying laughing
she was everybody for that one there you
a hula girl why are you wearing your
swimsuits
it's called hula the kids are playing so
well together right now I kind of feel
like I'm in the twilight zone I have to
go take a picture so I can remember it
for all those moments when they're
fighting at other times I'll be like oh
look remember when they were so cute and
playing together and not fighting wow I
like your necklace
your hula skirt we're doing a treasure
hunt
who made the treasure hunt me and Caleb
so Laura any Lise are doing it yeah and
we're gonna be helping we do have some
good things happen for all of us nice
where you make sweet sounds you found it
where you get where you
yeah apples are good where you where
Caleb closed
hey here this is their gum well that was
a good treasure hunt you guys yes the
party is not all the way done guys you
guys sure know how to party
we have been busy all day getting ready
because we are going on our last summer
adventure so the house is picked up the
kids are ready but they don't know what
we're going to they have no idea all
right I guess is Disney on Ice it's not
Disneyland it's not usually it's not
Disney World what do you think we're
gonna do this afternoon I think we go
somewhere scary oh okay I know that
we're all wearing like cool like running
play clothes so I'm guessing it might be
like a fun play thing for the kids are
we going can't be a restaurant like I'm
gonna start by giving you guys a clue
yeah first Oh
excited the first clue is that we are
going to be staying somewhere overnight
are you sure he's in fact no we need to
pack our suitcases ready
did some cool jammers no that's a great
oh so pretty sure if it's not camping it
probably should be a hooky for dinner
it's a good thing I decided to check
lures the agate she has four pairs of
shirts that's it maybe that's why you
said two days of fun good job getting
packed my little friends fast motivated
all right you guys ready for clue number
two you are going to get very very very
wet so what do you need are we going to
the place where we had the family
reunion no but that's a good guess
do we have to walk there no we don't
have to walk there to where the or the
airport that and the airplane nope no
airplane today how would you get there
all right on your back can you carry us
can you carry us there who's ready for
the last clue the great reveal
okay here it is we are get in the van to
dry to sleep overnight and stay and play
at the Great Wolf Lodge do you guys know
what the Great Wolf Lodge is well
anybody could go
it's a family vacation people
it does have miners
that's right so we're driving out Caleb
and Laura and janae all fell asleep on
the drive but Isaac and at least see the
outside now
this is like yeah Westbury would we came
back to the hotel room and ate some food
they have like a place where you could
just order it to go and so we got pasta
and garlic bread and salad and to name
we see you I mean we've been playing
card games and now it's time for dessert
what flavor did you get
okay then what flavor did you go with
birthday cake
feeling cold I hadn't seen any money if
I could go anywhere I want
owed by this place you'd buy up yeah so
what would you do if you bought this
place I probably just eat all that candy
dawn unlock the doors announcer now do
get every place until customers come No
so you kind of run it a boy was standing
at the top of the stands holding an
umbrella all of a sudden a gust of wind
blew really strong so tonight we told
Isaac and Elise to get on some nice
clothes and to get ready to go somewhere
but we didn't tell them where we're
heading here's where we're going
