so tonight we told Isaac and Elise to
get on some nice clothes and to get
ready to go somewhere but we didn't tell
them where we're heading
here's where we're going
run I want to play I want to see the
life today I want to ride I want to give
you kisses all day stir it up
no that's gonna be homemade syrup so I
grew up with homemade syrup and so I
loved it like just maple extract in
water or sugar I decide to make some for
the kids today it smells really good it
smells like real actual actual like here
hero pickup homemade syrup I like it
yeah it's good
so one downside of making french toast
is you have to clean it up these were
cleaning up the table
you know just listening to some piano
guys and dancing around
so you're doing the socks and sandals
it's always super stylish so what are
you working on buddy I'm trying to fix
the phone those batteries Galilei
doesn't look like they fit how you're
gonna get power into that battery you
know I don't know if we have a charger
this is an old old phone
okay so what do you call this kind of a
toy a teeter-totter or a seesaw what's
the difference cuz I don't want you
ready to go home yeah okay let's go home
so we're almost out of gas like really
really close so we're gonna go to the
gas station first and then we got to go
home and get some lunch good job ready
to go home for some lunch
many arise are you reading to janae
that was a pretty good song you guys are
done now what are you gonna go play yeah
have fun so today I am making dinner for
a family in our neighborhood that just
had a baby so we're gonna be taking that
over and I'm making two different kinds
of enchiladas I'm making a vegetarian
black beans spinach enchilada and a
chicken enchilada so they can have some
variety making some rice and corn and
then I'm gonna give them some sugar
cookies I'll just show you there's any
of those yet last night can you help me
don't help me roll them up and take them
to a family with a brand-new little baby
okay so this is a recipe I've never
tried before it's called enchilados did
polio e k saw sounds very authentic it
basically just means chicken and cheese
enchiladas right anyway but instead of
rolling them you dip the don'ti as in
this sauce and then you layer it so it's
enchilada lasagne yeah but I mean how
are you supposed to layer circles they
overlap oh it Gino's eat it for her
like you like picker news true love okay
alright so Jeremy reminded me that I
can't air tortillas so I was able to
make them fit the shape a lot better
well the kids have been doing a little
too much electronics today so I just
declared electronics time done and we
got a bunch of puzzles so now it's
officially puzzle time and it's going
pretty well so far good job you're doing
a ball that's it that's it put it in
that spot I knew you could do it you
guys are great puzzlers so Isaac what
puzzle are you working on United States
Presidents it's funny how you forget
stuff if you don't keep working on it
huh yeah you read a book reading their
book oh you're making progress
Oh
if it doesn't fit the first time you
turn it a different direction you did it
Laura was that your first time doing
that puzzle I'm very proud of you
so Caleb asked me for some help and then
I helped him put a few pieces in he was
like wait stop don't help me anymore I
want to do it myself that's my boy he's
a do it himself boy so I want to be
honest for a minute I'm a little bit
embarrassed about this
but I didn't initially want to take
center to this neighbor family of mine
it's not a family I know super well and
I was feeling stressed and busy and I
came up with all sorts of reasons in my
head why I shouldn't have to do that and
it's not like I have to but I just felt
like I should and so I put on my
calendar and I committed to it and I
kind of was feeling like yeah about it
but then today it has been such a good
experience to be reminded of getting
outside of myself like I'm not the only
person in the world with stresses and
issues and it's so good when you serve
to have that reminder and to focus
outside of yourself I've been happier
today I've been more focused and it's
been such a blessing in my life good job
you finished it bud way to go let's see
it he finished hey Lisa's almost done
just a few more pieces cleaning up good
job
don't make it that when you exercise you
what you sway more so then if I exercise
everyday I'll be like you know hundred
pounds already
the day will come when they will hope
that you don't gain weight and eating
cookies may not be a good idea the
guests in the ballroom hear the
commotion he recognizes him before
Fierro can turn his friends and statues
Matteo cast a spell tonight so tonight
we told Isaac and Elise to get on some
nice clothes and to get ready to go
somewhere but we didn't tell them where
we're heading
here's where we're going that we're here
yeah you guys are too specific Andrew
and I have been so proud of Isaac
analyse what they're practicing of the
piano and their love of music and we are
so excited to take you guys tonight I
love watching their videos the piano
guys all right you ready to go yep
yes dad used to work right here in this
building yep that was loafing I went to
every day
so I remember as a younger kid my mom
taking me to the first show that I went
to and I remember the smell of the
Cologne of the perfume I remember seeing
the excitement of waiting for it to
start and hearing the music when it
began like there's just so many memories
that I'm excited for them to have of
being at a show like this
did you see the corona
