Lord you know what's special about today
today is the solar eclipse mom has all
kinds of cool food for the so very clips
today
however you do name just so various
clips today
ah is it far we can see it from our
house we just have to look up into the
sky don't float up in the sky so a solar
flips do put a crack the solar eclipse
is gonna happen in the sky yeah just
silly talk hey Laura what is a solar
eclipse
you eat food there like rice wheat some
special solar eclipse breakfast right
now Caleb you're gonna put butter on
both sides of all the bread you want to
try and help out too Laura job
in the middle good job buddy like a pro
awesome are these are eclipse sunny-side
up eggs so that's the moon
okay.what these being solar eclipse eggs
if the moon is the little piece of toast
and the Sun is the big part what does
the solar eclipse do so give it a try be
the moon Lord is just like I want to eat
the moon let's eat
she's eating the moon alright so I'm
writing a little bit last minute today I
just decided on some plans I want to do
for the Eclipse last night and so I'm
running out this morning to the store to
get them and they're actually repaving
the street right in front of our house
right now so I'm hoping I can get out I
think I can
so a local dairy called Chateau dairy
has been making this limited-edition if
it flips the milk it's a cookies and
cream flavor and it's in like a dark
black bottle apparently amazing branding
anyway they're flying off the shelves
like I can't find him anywhere and none
of my friends can find him anywhere
because everybody's buying on the book
since I was at the store I had to check
and see now not here so instead I'm just
picking up a regular chocolate milk and
we'll pretend it's a goat's milk it'll
work
so since our street is getting paved I
had to park at the bottom of our street
and walk the groceries all the way up to
our house luckily the kids came to help
me so it's only one load you love to see
our street does it look so nice okay
everybody up the hill
getting heavy
you can do it girlfriend
thanks for helping
well this is super disappointing it
looks like a big storm is coming like we
can hear thunder it's just like the
Midwest probably gonna end up having a
tornado during the solar eclipse of
course the way the weather is here it'll
be like rainy and then 30 minutes later
sunny skies so we're still have time
hopefully this thing for yourself
all right so today is the solar eclipse
yes everybody yeah yes and I hopefully
will get to see it and if it's not
raining or it's storming so my first
question yeah you hear thunder hopefully
the storm passes we still a couple look
from inside yeah but if the storm is out
we can't see the solar eclipse you
nervous about the Thunder okay hey janae
what's a solar eclipse hey Laura what is
a solar eclipse hey Caleb what's a solar
eclipse um a solar eclipse um it is when
the moon's shadow blocks the Sun so
that's darkened at any time that might
have been the best description I've been
learning activities are done are you
this sun the sun is shining on North
America Caleb bring on the solar eclipse
there's the shadow of the Moon do you
guys see how that works is the sun
shining on America there we go totality
you are completely under the moon's
see here's this time so it's starting up
in Oregon and then it's gonna go through
Idaho and Wyoming Nebraska Kansas
look there's Kansas City so most of the
activities that we do I find on
Pinterest or hear from friends but I'm
really excited by this one because I
actually thought of this one on my own
we're gonna make solar eclipse boogie
we're taking sugar cookies and cutting
them out like this and then we're gonna
frost them with yellow so it makes the
Sun and I'm gonna put Oreos on top of
them like a solar eclipse this is
obviously an excuse to eat sugar cookies
and Oreos but I like it good job there
you got two of them you did one more are
gonna be your son oh those are gonna be
what I use you might just get to eat one
this girl she is so close to crawling
kill me and Amy look at she's scooting
look at you I mean yeah she's been up on
her knees
you guys watch your name yeah
next up is a solar eclipse art project
where we're gonna trace that circle
first okay did you do it Laura you
actually got part of a circle on there
good job
he's so getting so you take your moon
that you just put out and you put it on
the sky and then you choose some colors
and you're going to color on top of it
like this you have to really push down
and then oh I need a little bit of a
darker orange all right ready
yes I see my solar eclipse that is like
the corona of the Sun that we see as the
moon
and so pretty well the moon has begun to
eclipse the Sun we can't see it though
because it's raining but we do have
about an hour and a half until totality
we're hoping for the rain the rain is
dying down like right now it's starting
to die down come on well it just started
again
out of nowhere I was filming that like
blue spot over there that looks like it
could be not cloudy and then the rain
just starts like pouring down mocking me
they are blue skies the Sun is right
there I can't see it but it's close to
me where we can see it there is hope we
might be able to see the totality gonna
make some yellow frosting
I got some movement earlier
sometimes I get dirty gotta lick it off
it's a bummer when you do partial solar
eclipse loving it the Sun is out you can
see my shadow it's right up there
somewhere
oh I can see it I can barely see it
through the clouds how many of you got
some of these goofy solar eclipse
glasses that's the poll question for
today did you have these alright so the
Sun is right up this way can you see it
what it's like it looks like it's you
can see those are the clouds moving
through the light we're doing Sunny D
and chocolate milk for the solar eclipse
I that's what I thought initially I'm a
mixer I like mixing things so I think it
could work but no it does Sunny D in
chocolate milk okay which one do you
want the Sun or the moon so we're having
croissant chicken salad sandwiches and
Sun Chips and I'm on chocolate milk I'm
on the moon side when they line up
together it'll get dark huh completely
dark
as I think of it is the moon and the Sun
are getting married
but only for two minutes yeah they
separated separated and their total
enemies they get married it again and
all sounds like we need to introduce
them to Greek mythology I do too okay
we're gonna do it let's try to make sure
you got the Sun and then the moon comes
in milk is more dense really like it no
no the total eclipse drink
patent pending all right it's really
good you guys actually doesn't taste my
monster yeah it's really just that
classic flavor of chocolate and orange
combined which oranges I was trying to
be funny but that's like a real thing
funny fail funny film Hey oh you're
right I got actually sea bream in it
disgusting but it's actually so the kids
for some reason want me to try this
concoction but I'm not super brave with
food the Eclipse drink it's not bad
think of that chocolate orange you know
no I'm not on Team total eclipse there's
no clouds in the way of the Sun and
we're almost to totality I am so excited
but I have to go down and get our van
because we want to go to a park where we
can like see the 360 sunset better but
we're heading to a local park where we
think we're gonna be able to see it
pretty well but it's really fun
everybody's outside set up in their
chairs they've got their solar glasses
on this is fun so to try to further
protect Laura and Caleb we put plates
connected to the glasses like we stapled
it to the glasses so they couldn't see
through the bottom to try to look up at
the Sun it's so close
you can hear everyone do you see the
corona
look at the sunset you guys but the
camera can't pick up the experience
taking off the solar glasses and seeing
that is amazing it was just two minutes
was that two minute that went by so bad
well that was really cool I'm so
grateful that the weather led up so that
we could see that I would have been so
sad if it was going on behind the clouds
and we didn't even get a chance to
really experience it right now we
haven't even left and the clouds are
already completely covering to where you
can't see where the sun's out at all
good night dance out to be and it's
really big what about that way yeah and
it was bringing another dad dog into a
hole
some kind of creepy she's dumpling to
bring the dinner
