to be and it's really big what's about
that this yeah and it was bringing
another dead dog into a hole in cosine
time so scandal baby
that's kind of creepy self cleansing
simmering the dinner the warning I'm
making myself a smoothie for breakfast
this morning and I added a bunch of
interesting things to it so I started
with water and then I added yogurt
carrots kale avocado and frozen berries
Jeremy on try it it's healthy
do you like the avocado in it oh I like
the texture of like banana and so you
don't taste the other kind of much for
this man they're all tiling is mini
anything yes she says you can't do sit
what time I'm here it's all healthy
no it's not it's yummy hey we've um
she's really starting to grab for our
food I think she's getting ready to
start to eat soon just a couple more
weeks
she's so big what is making it a Greek
people your hula people in wanna and
we're messy great yeah we don't a scream
bracelet yeah and we both have the same
kind of necrosis one knows my secret
nice let me hear those glasses let me
see those Who am I
total mean mom moment this morning it's
gorgeous out I want the kids to go
outside and play but none of them are
interested and so I encourage them to go
outside I was like hey if you're still
inside you're going to get chores if you
go outside you can just play and they
all went outside and played problem
solved
an American Ninja Warrior obstacle
course
this is like the tower at the end nice
well done I love your creativity what
are you girls up to we're getting ready
for the day those stickers let me see
your ears
I hear they're just stickers oh that's
kind of creepy
yeah so you guys have stickers yeah put
your eyes are closed right mm-hmm
okay nice earring what's this it's eye
shadow
oh it's eye shadow you guys have made
two courses now
so the boys are out doing their American
Ninja Warrior course and they just came
to get me because apparently there's
some giant B or something ma-maybe
Santos I oh I want I sweetheart I'm just
looking for the bud you want to come
look for the bud - I'm so scandals days
be the boys were right this thing is
huge and disgusting I'm going to get
Jeremy to be and it's really big it's
about that way yeah and it was bringing
another gag dog into a hole and if we
found out it live there and it's like
humongous should we try to dig it up and
find it yeah it's down there
you guys want to come help me out why
not
Kendra said it was Jane Hornets that's
burrowing down here all right let's find
this thing
that is a big creepy thing and it's like
carrying something you can see on it
it's a little stinger that bee is
digging in my backyard
is it an alien so creepy
what was it carrying see that's Diggs
dude it's flying around and it's angry I
thought the kids were exaggerating that
is a huge scary man-eating digging be
alien cornered so we have to research
giant bees that burrow under the ground
and take their dead prey under isn't it
says a cicada killer walk quick on it
let's see if that's what it is there it
is
that is exactly what we saw today really
okay you guys know cicadas are the bugs
that are making the buzzing noise that's
head you get a loud noise
yeah but it's weird that it looks just
like a bee well and it burrows under the
ground you know that's exactly what we
have yeah dude how do we get rid of them
these things are so big look at that
that is nasty good thing it rarely stays
people yeah that is a good thing but we
have one under our deck I didn't know
there was such a thing of burrowing loss
oh my that's so creepy
that's disgusting hey there's a video we
saw in real life Caleb oh yeah I love
that when we see something outside we
have to come in and research it and
figure out what in the world it was like
what is this and how does that work
we're so lucky to that we have the
Internet
like you look at pictures we can just
type in Giant Killer Bee pearling B yeah
so our nose is completely broken I just
spray all over me so we turned it off
and I think I've outsmarted us we're
going to buy a new one
no I'm going to cut it got them yeah
that's a pretty big hole okay so this is
not bad
take it over there look cool use it up
wear it out make it do or do without
definitely follow that principle I can
name me janae and I just went for a walk
just the two of us and she fell asleep I
took some pictures I didn't take the
camera so I'll have Jeremy put some of
the pictures in of how gorgeous it was
but anyway it was just a good reminder
I've been in kind of an emotional funk
all week not necessarily depressed and
just not really myself anyway whenever I
feel that way I need to remember to
right away go outside and move my body
that's what helps me so if you're
struggling if you're in a funk if you
are just not having a great day go
outside move your body it helps every
time like I just walked I didn't even
run and it just felt good to listen to
the birds and look at the clouds and
feel the wind against my face see I get
a little poetic when I walk too and it
helped to have a super cute walking
buddy
in other news it's officially 1:30 2:00
p.m. which means I maybe should get out
of my workout clothes and get my baby in
some clothes today what do you think
should we get dressed today so I just
checked the mail and I got something the
Jeremy's gonna be really excited that he
got he's been wanting one for years and
years like over a decade and I've gotten
several of them he finally got one want
to go today Jeremy all right guess what
you got a jury summons I'm waiting for
hope you are you've always wanted to get
a jury summons I'll actually let me be
on the jury
you'd be a ranger that's so exciting
juror zero five three five their secret
no 601 I love it
we'll see we'll see they let me on the
jury normally lawyers get kicked off the
jury
this is excited I need to link so this
out by the way your hair is looking
awesome today what I'm like working on
something that is overwhelming I kind of
sometimes I'm just like it makes for a
really cool hairdo
Jeremy's filling out the juror
information this is the official way to
do it with these noises can you read and
speak English
have you ever been convicted oh I almost
put yes to this one have you been
convicted of a felony I even started on
yes he was judge oh if you click the
you're a Jenna when you mess up on one
of these how you're like no because you
can't exit out why tell maybe maybe
whiteout found a whiteout pen they'll
never know pepper that a he accidentally
I said that he was a judge I just was
doing it too fast well the kids are
really lucky they have two babysitter's
tonight and they brought some fun stuff
for the kids to do and play with I think
they're making up stories right now
they've been showing them their American
Ninja Warrior course
so we are headed out to dinner with
Brent and Michele which is Jeremy's
brother and sister-in-law and we are
going to celebrate because we started a
law firm if you can if they see how we
need to celebrate all right so these are
called empanadas and brinch right there
that's good he used to live in Argentina
and so he recommended me try some of
these the fetish I missed all right so
my empanada has chicken on the inside
Jeremy was going to be beef raises the
whole question have you ever had or
heard of and it's nothin now un put her
to sleep
super good
we love the shaker that's your first
time to wear it Lauren kept calling it
my children necklace you're choking he's
away
he's so pleasant to bring the dinner we
were a little nervous because this is a
nicer restaurant if it would be okay to
have a baby but she would get annoyed
that she could barely of good
she's been awesome and we did call ahead
of time and asked if it was appropriate
to bring a baby in a bed yet
she's been populated Superbird we
ordered some banana cake and some flan
in Google oh well that was really
special still to go out tonight and
celebrate the opening of Jeremy and
Brent's law firm it's so exciting for me
right now to be able to see Jeremy
fulfilling this dream of his ever since
Jeremy decided to go to law school how
many years ago was that 2007 I started
law school so he started law school in
2007 but I was enough to defend in like
2005 when I got any way ever since
Jeremy decided to go to law school he
talked about how much fun it would be to
someday work with his brother Brent and
have a law firm together and so to see
them doing this and fulfilling their
dreams is just so exciting and they're
both really happy and excited about it
Jay how's that we have a huge
announcement
or I can put you out in space below
