we have a huge announcement all right to
put you out in space
LOD
good morning little girls that would be
hit me wearing she's been coughing a
bunch but she's Pleasant this morning I
did disrespect him mad I just think the
girl
I just think last night buddy good
Nicole dreams motorcycle so did you
dream about motorcycles that I was
driving online like I generally can you
legit name it are we all on one
motorcycle tire did we all that said
that once the iock separately
I dreamed about that we are going to
this nice house and then we went to the
basement and it had fine Hey okay stop
flying around like toys yet for kids so
were you able to fly Amal oh yeah you me
and Calvin I think we're on our own
little red thing legit syrup flying
everywhere
I had Disneyland and I gotta eat it cow
no candy and I can remember going on the
ride I just loved it so much
was there any weird part to that you
know how dreams sometimes like do weird
things with your mind I'm not out at the
candy store half as good time and you
let me get anything I want that
definitely isn't that normal Laura did
you put a swimsuit on your beautiful
night game
are you hidden you guys go into the
library why do you have the hat on
because because my head isn't in blue
it's gonna blow this partisan asking the
prosign gaming will keep you safe why
are you wearing a winter hat in the
center
anyway we got home and discovered that
all of our library books were well over
two so we're returning all of our
library books today I'm paying a bit of
a sign and then picking up some new
library books
it happened so well I like your outfit
well you last night for an August day I
forgot my library card
aha mm-hmm that makes me feel not good
so this really nice lady heard me
vlogging that I couldn't find my library
card and she came over and she's like oh
they can look even based on your name
and your birthday and if you know your
passcode for your card and so yay
apparently we can still come in and
check out books and I'm so glad that I
didn't just load up and go home because
that would have been fun
I tried to fancy and eat soccer book and
the chapter books
yes and it's my left but did you find
many this little piggy that was like a
great sort of inner pile I'm trying to
find magic books me and Isaac oh really
I've been liking magics or trying to
find cards like magic card tricks just
when you think your kids are never going
to get along and they're just bickering
all morning you come here and you look
over and they're all just happily
sitting there together by their own
choice reading books I'm going to be
happy and luck sounds making me happy to
see her
thank you ma'am thank you check it out
you guys want to see
I think Taylor could sit here all day
and watch
you're making us lunch thanks buddy
luckily a movie what do you mean how is
it moving Oh probably because I stirred
it up it was boiling Maura this is
called boiling you know you know I'm
boiling it once water gets to a certain
temperature it starts to bubble just
like that that's boiling are you going
to learn all kinds of stuff it's too hot
I can burn you I mean that's all the
butter you need you might need your
knife
okay so the goal here is to try to get
the cheese in the pot without getting it
all over our house decided to go to at
one time risky move hopefully how many
of you like macaroni and cheese out of a
box let us know in the poll I burned
myself and I made my own cake remind
kick back when you were a little grandma
how did you burn yourself alright Jared
it and the hostages disguises while you
were stirring it what from the hotness
what else am i honey was at work far
away
who is your honey his name is Graham
spine damn bro diskettes oh he doesn't
burn himself Wow thank you for watching
imaginary stories by Laura brought to
you every day at noon there it is a wink
did you mix in all the cheese looks
pretty good see how there's still all
the cheese on the spoon now
yes young no I think it's actually the
best McEntee they ever had
brought to you by Isaac hi janae she's
been loving her little chair she's doing
so great sitting up well you guys been
up to three days and Romano's somebody
put one of these small knives into this
hole in our knife block that's where the
scissors are supposed to go you can see
it sucked down so we can't get it out
I'm going to try using these like
tweezers oh you got it
well done
isn't it nice very good
doing okay what'd you see nothing okay
so the reason I brought Isaac and Alisa
up here is because we have a huge
announcement Brent and I we're starting
a law firm I've been helping friends who
are youtubers with legal stuff but it
got to the point where we're going to
bring on Brent we're partnering up and
this is our new office and so we're
doing a law firm it's super exciting I
wanted to show Isaac and Elise the new
space what do you think about it I like
fun huh are you were down there yes
do you guys want to see the greenroom
they have here yes it's pretty much a
deep green room crazy huh I agree do you
want to know why they use the green
screen okay sit down
this will be fun so with a green screen
I can make the background totally
different so for example I could make it
like you're out on the ocean right now
oh I sitting on the water or I could put
you by the pyramids where we could be in
the freezing cold of Antarctica or I
could put you out in space Lodi are you
dying you give fire stuff anywhere else
you guys want to go in your journey
Bing Bing yeah what up slow for Howard
there you have it it's over there
so now they know what I do as a lawyer
up here with the green room we go to all
kinds of fun places so the crazy thing
is that we're office sharing with an
attorney who already set this all up
he's doing videos for YouTube as well
and so this was something that we're
going to be able to use while we're here
in the office as we make videos for
youtubers about what to do are you guys
let's head out to the cone where are we
heading gymnastics
you guys reading before bedtime
why'd you read it
who was banging dude Ben Franklin's one
of my favorite people learn about the
time the electricity experiment yeah so
apparently she's just sitting here
grinning especially looking at Jeremy
you scare me something excited again how
could you not remind us that was a
really afraid your hand anyway we're
gonna have to make you a little bit
nuzzle Junaid goodnight
okay how about is your body so tired
crazy cuz I haven't met Hey
