there's update I gotta get up bud so we
flew in late we didn't get to bed till
2:00 a.m. last night but we have an
appointment or something at 9:00 so
we're painfully trying to get up and get
ready come on buddy
get a brush right geez give it to me
wake up wake up
we've an appointment for you this
morning
and I think it even slept in for
generally last night did you sleep in
that outfit
silly goose Barney said get rid of it
yes just get in bed well it's that late
he's getting better oh ha ha ha ready
for animal compatible well I did indeed
are my clothes Laura wanted to milk this
morning but you were gone long enough
but all of our milk is already expired
well I really do not want to unpack
usually I love unpacking I love getting
it done but I'm not feeling awesome I'm
super tired but I have to unpack and
start the laundry and stuff so I'm going
to use a trick that my mom taught me
when I was a little kid here's what you
do when you don't want to do something
just do as many things as you are old so
I just have to do 34 things right now
and at least it will make some progress
once Geneva
huh I was quite beyond we had to go to
UM appointment I think or a testing for
my dyslexia and yeah thank you for our
turn mr. Plainview hi
the fridge is pretty empty we need to go
replenish so our story of complementary
fruits the kids we're going around
shopping I left out
so Kendra's planning on ordering
groceries online tonight so we're just
getting a few of the essentials for like
dinner tonight and we need more now we
do not have any milk doing your cold if
we're in the cold section as a prize
releases hard work this morning we're
headed to Panera together we'll just the
two of us and janae of course Lisa what
kind of cookie you're gonna get Oh Mike
just red wine a chocolate on chocolate
chip or chocolate chocolate
someone's got energy this morning Kalen
world you have energy I'm so tired and
they keep good answers
those words are painfully true we're
waiting for our food we're getting it to
go and they're going to pick up the kids
and try to unpack so at least what did
you decide to get from Panera and a half
salad and with fruit and stuff
what can I like it mom said you did so
good today how did it go it was good and
I liked it when it was all so exhausting
you know like two hours of that can be
really hard
uh-huh but didn't really feel like two
hours she's a scooter
she's like moving herself like that
she's scooting she's getting so close to
crawling it's crazy
oh well we still have this huge mess we
get to clean up yeah I'm very excited
about it she likes my hands especially
just my hands give me so ESEs pointing
out this morning how much needs to look
like each other you go okay in here
thank you yeah
and Danny you were sharing your cookie
with us I really then it couldn't eat
too much and again Giada you guys really
want them and yeah thanks thanks for
sharing so this poor little girl is
getting a cold on the whole you'll be
able to hear it on the camera but in
real life
oh yeah okay big girl anyway I've been
suctioning her know that this device was
normally known as a microphone that I've
gotten some goobers out I've heard
there's like a new device well new too
when I had kids that you can put in
their nose and like you suck out filters
I think I'm brave enough for that I
think I'll use this thing it's always
scary to me when our babies have colds
because they have binky's in their mouth
oh they're nursing if they aren't
being that's just scary dangerous
leaving breathing's pretty important may
she's so chill Oh like she's still just
smiling and happy as long as she would
be of help
she's really kind of cool mean today you
just wanna hang with mom why didn't he
have a cold or what do you think she got
her cold from you see you have a cold
hmm Elise and Laura have both had just
like little costs nothing major but it
always sounds worse than the babies
Isaac's getting us started in laundry
land
did you miss doing chores every day no
me neither
let's be honest - me neither that two
chores back to reality just feeling kind
of warm to me so I'm going to take your
temperature getting sick on earth this
is the first time I've had to take your
temperature even Ferb you want to get I
want to eat it
97.7 not a temperature I'm not a temp
attrition fear for my eligible years
98.2 no favor but try to get out of bed
my baby has a fever are you wearing a
little carrying device
like wait to learn well that baby
carrier holder even if you are holding
her like let go and see what happens
Oh get it she's humping you plan and so
with a super simple dinner tonight
tomorrow which is a full moon salad
yummy let's go to bed a little bit
earlier tonight is anyone else who I'm
tired I am super tired I'm sure you want
a nap so some people love when it's
bedtime and they go to bed others hate
it they want to stay up all night that
was me I never liked going to bed I'm a
night owl let us know in the poll do you
like going to bed or not so did you take
a nap today
no is your body so tired crazy cuz I
haven't met precious chance we'll just
lead in angels on your head our Father
has a family it's me it's you all others
too we are his children God gave us
families to help us become what he wants
us to be this is how he shares his love
for the
ah ah
so Papa shaves his face you know I used
to shave my face every day too
now I have a little beard yeah and a
mustache warmer it's a beard mummys girl
Wow good night Lois what you reading
which book is this one
enchantress returns what number is it
Kim Caleb's reading berenstain bears
so what he read in orange a very fun so
we're done with the whole chapter but I
got it so Ken and I went through the
whole whirlwind of our Utah trip and we
realized we like haven't had a chance to
talk Cola and so we're like going
through and talking about it and and I'm
a talker so like I like to talk through
everything like that's how I process and
like think about stuff so we're going
back to the trip like the beginning
right day once we're talking because we
just haven't had any down time and
anyway we have a lot of exciting things
ahead guys there's a big announcement
tomorrow life-changing instruments
life-changing announcement tomorrow so
we also have to talk about that a lot
okay goodnight tree house ax I feel
about heading home I want
you
