you're now on the blog
ah hello
so all the kids have come to kick tree
was just meddling with Jimmy she brings
us so much happiness they love us so
much our kids are just trying to greet
people as they come into the hotel so
they serve welcome we got here a little
early today the kids wanted to come play
on some of the stuff at CVX live
hello assistance
the kids were meeting Captain Jack there
I just
Oh
so we're here right now at our super fan
experience we're starting it by playing
do you love your neighbor and mom does
it everyone wearing pink people yeah and
I especially love my best friends that
wear blue jeans Oh collision I
especially love people to so much you
love your neighbor daddy that was so
cute yes I do love my knees oh they're
out okay who's gonna win sighs would you
think of the super fan experience well
then I need to meet all those people
Caleb over your thoughts how'd you like
that you're now on the vlog
including our first meeting green here
we have Taylor and Isaac a new leaf and
it's not exciting to get to meet all
these people so we wanted to play a game
with their writing their names down on
the blocks then sticking it back up so
we have a piece of you guys with us
their kingdoms what do you see
there's a bunch of snakes here this is
so cool
go ahead touch it I've always wanted to
try this yes my doing it no sudden
movements if you don't move they won't
know you're there they'll just be Tyrion
charities
I'm wearing it to make so you can feel
the snake's tongue sticking out on your
arm like it's like time being where it's
going
you feel that that's a great thing look
at the time coming up I think for the
take
it's trying to do a knot on you
apparently they see these large snakes
every three to 40 we found the hotel
pool and the balancers
our kids are very happy
the
he won't press the button for me the
bottom one okay yes huh there's the
arrow okay now you need to press the
button that says cool here we go we're
on our way
the lure I just woke up from her nap so
I'm bringing her down to join the pool
party greatest man near that kid the
pool Isaac's little toes are complete
raisins you guys slam forever yeah for
two hours is it fun so I could swim
across the whole foot magic is happening
got it back wait let me see okay stop
right there okay ask the cards were face
up half the cards were face down he's
trying to mess me up and then he
shuffled them together we were done that
you know what the shuffle toe on that
because when I got the cart back some of
the cars were chased out the first was
being down the attackers were back to
back they were all and they stopped it
so many parts of you turnovers Gibson
how many cards do you think I turned
over one half the cart
look what I did spent my figures like
that
and all the cards turn the rock there
was messages of that you remember what
it looked like on that is it's the only
part that looks like that Internet okay
I'll show you all the rest apart they're
all okay watch this I need you to take
the card I'm going to put it somewhere
in the middle and if I snap my fingers
it pops up to the trunk whoa gib
addition you're going to push it into
the day let's push it in there push it
into the dish it in or you're very
thorough very enticing
then you can see it happen with a bang
in the cart that goes in the middle
watch the top whoa that's amazing I'm
gonna put it in the middle and oh I
forgot to send my finger yeah or you can
take the card and that's a part of that
okay so Isaac learned a magic trick so
I've got all the jacks on the top okay
one goes in the basement nothing goes on
the first one we need and one and the
last one goes on the fifth wait and one
goes on a fifth floor and one goes out
on the lookout and when he takes danger
knocks on his family and all of them
come to the top
whoa that's awesome buddy magic is so
fun I love that our kids get to see
Christmas magic can be influenced by
that and get a taste for it for enjoying
having babysitter's with us right now
because Jeremy I are going out to dinner
with Justin a my parents are taking the
big kids and we're going to go meet up
with some friends today is not super it
we're doing a dinner with a bunch of the
other creators and it really feels like
a reunion it's so fun that gets back
together with everyone there is some of
the friends
there are so many fun people on using
calming in it that was such a great
party the law of a moment was hilarious
the waitress all senses everyone the
floor and the chairs are lava and
everyone has lined on top of everything
now we're headed to an ice cream social
with the kids
America's Got Talent while we're
watching her strike
the event is ending off with RT station
chiming I am so nervous I've been like
six my stomach all day just here
defecating on seats on opening you guys
get stage fright Jeremy doesn't on ideas
behind we're going to try to share our
joy our YouTube experience and the one
we've learned like what if taught us
about ourselves and about our family and
about life so when we were up on stage
and I was all nervous and you know you
think through like what's the worst
thing that could happen
well janae put your pants on under there
so did you think a CVS size 10 to jpg
score will our biggest regret for my
face time today is that we didn't take
the camera up because it actually went
pretty well I was really nervous but
when the kids came up they just sparkled
and shined someone else boarding and
although in filming we have
we ruin appreciate all of your support
and we all that you continue to perfect
your craft and build those relationships
and to enjoy me to experience and we
just appreciate all of you
final words walk take a pound cake oh
yeah oh oh oh okay JJ this is a big
emergency
