Loretta's teammate in the restaurant we
don't have any backup clothes for her
you go seek this is the exact spot right
here how long ago was it and I thought
for a long time that might be
I mean kenderson a little bit better I
am and Kiev is massaging my tears your
earful executor for the kids told me all
about their adventures yesterday I'm so
sad I missed it and I'm feeling better
this morning
Thank You Caleb drawers like my
shoulders oh yeah yeah oh you're here
with us Jimmy shoulders and we will
smash your back we can get a massage
train gunner and can you inside you me
we will uh Jeremy joining that's true
completely I'm gonna go
please
the purse is so big I still haven't seen
all the pieces to it hey I got up here
oh well that's fun
turn down my pants lien there it is kpop
is it hide-and-go-seek I'll close my
eyes and count cool Sara there you go
seek
find a hiding your job over there Parker
that might be great in here then wait
you have a found Laura yet Oh Laura one
where's Laura
he's really opposed the resume you best
news ever we made it to my favorite
place
what's always so good you get to see
family while we're here so we've got to
get some treat that's so delicious they
do like dirty sodas which is sodas with
flavoring and cream enough and then they
also do special tea cookies we're going
to go home in with those Jeremy got a
butterbeer which is parently root beer
with like double vanilla and cream and
caramel or butterscotch good so kids get
really cranky when they're overtired
laura becomes a crazy fan like guys will
be labeling it was a bad idea
he's like super giggly and Bing England
impossible one thing is for sure when
she's tired she makes noise non-stop
like without stopping she's singing her
spinning or like she's just great any
bad person
hey Laura are you tired
you want to go on to get back though
street smart girl okay does it taste
like regular root beer - yeah so this I
have butter beer I'm like I'm nice man
yeah I always wanted P for time the
sugar cookie peanut butter cookie in
this knickers book I really like me
snickerdoodle that's probably my
favorite this is my favorite Senate
cookie well I'm really glad that we
shared the cookies this one for huge
it's really good it shows her like some
animals have super fresh one can make
fire it's a beetle the beetle makes fire
yet from its time taken I can make an
explosive mixture of boiling hot liquid
and gas not only does is the mixed
mixture hot enough to burn it also since
what a great book this is the bombardier
beetle I'm glad that we are not
bombardier beetles so even when our
traveling we try to do quiet time
because it keeps us all a little saner
and since Jeremy works while we're
traveling and let's get some work done
and you just enjoy some downtime she is
napping but she just spoke up and think
about Petey my toenails where are we
going here's the truth
where's the pool it's right there
we can only it okay nice move
I'm not blue
because I'm a quiet what Anna does is
business goal to get approval through
you can be shouldn't be that long but
even ten or fifteen minutes back here
I'm really grateful that with Jeremy's
job we can travel whenever we have lots
of flexibility but whenever we are
traveling he is always behind the scenes
working too and so it gets a little bit
busy we've resorted to making faces in
the mirror ready everybody makes a funny
face everybody make a stinky face oh
yeah everybody make a happy face
everybody make a crazy pose
Issac stays the same
Oh creepy Marian right everybody get
your NATO left
hey we survived how was your phone call
it was a little long but we worked out
that non-disclosure agreement hey I
heard you talking about paragraph 2
section b that was the key paragraph
that we provide a remedy
are you listening I haven't committed
yet it's colder than I thought it would
be so he's got his knees in yeah further
than that to get questioned all right
it's Jeremy versus Isaac in a race
Jeremy has to make two links of the pool
and Isaac just have to do one who's
gonna win on your marks get set go
Oh Caleb just swam the whole length of
the pool
welcome to do is he's good he's rounded
a little bit that he made it you're
almost there can you slow it's always
hard to leave the pool even if you're
going somewhere else fun which we are
gonna get you let me give you
are you guys we are with eight
passengers the last time we were
together Chad meet me and I've been
waiting for an opportunity to get back
at him so that's coming you're going
down we're not born for supreme are
those we need to be a nice trend oh but
now they're your baby balls all right
you two have fun all right in our first
match we won one game and eight
passengers won one game this determines
at all who's going to win
call 9-1-1
we've got it now that's the high school
that your promo some more edges teammate
in the restaurant we don't have any
backup clothes for her should we change
maybe there isn't been doing so amazing
this is really a fluke I think it's just
because we're in a different situation
and she's playing with a friend so we
being in a rental car I don't have my
normal emergency fashion stuff in the
diaper bag I didn't think of it I'm
going to add today's stretchy pin hey
sometimes there's a big girl you wear
stretchy pants that are your subtle work
whole questions you like eggs on your
salad I love it so before we head home
for the night during and I are driving
the kids have some of the places where
we live and we were going to school here
and the first place were taking to is
where German I actually met in the
parking lot that was the place I'm about
sorry lives we were singing and engaged
and then where we got married and this
is awesome every yes I lived in that
house that window was nine upstairs and
then this is where we met was it Campus
Plaza which is like the dumb theists
apartment place at dy here but that's
where we know that's an apartment
complex where there's six people in each
apartment there's only one bathroom in
two bedrooms so that meant we were
sharing room with two other people and
off one bathroom for everybody but it
was right next to campus and oh I just
all this nostalgia anyway it is really
good to be here and this is the place we
met right here this is the exact spot
right here how long ago was it 2004 we
were walking right here and we met for
the first time and I was reading a book
while I was walking because I'm cool
like that and he ran up I saw her she
was super pretty and I had seen her
around and so I came up and started a
conversation with her yeah and that do
it all begin let's reenact it like in
la-la land where i just come up and we
kiss the first thing we need
Jeremy and I spent two years I think in
the basement of that red house third one
down so this is where we were living
when Elyse was born she was just so when
you very first came home from the
hospital we were here the day we found
out you were a baby girl we were here
really yeah let's see it all right this
is it
h4 so Laura just hasn't got in the car I
want to do the house where I was born at
and ibecause but that we currently live
in and I'm like really German I moved so
much but we've been in the same house
now for four years and so it's just
crazy to me that she was actually born
and then absolutely what's the point
tired all right so now we're taking
Isaac to his first house this is where
we were living when we found out we were
pregnant with him when we found out he
was a little boy and where he was born
and came home to ready to see it let's
do it
and up the stairs to number six and this
house right here is the first place we
live we were married we lived in the
basement apartment which was actually
pretty nice the problem of the nicer
places we live
that's it my little basement spot down
there and Jeremy I'm going to go knock
on their door so there's a box that I
lost that's super important to me it has
a bunch of my original videos after my
parents got divorced I would watch some
of our home videos over and over and
over again so I kept those in the box
and a lot of my first editing things I
did are in that box and I haven't had it
for over ten years and I've been so sad
about it and I thought for a long time
it might be here so I'm going to come
and look so I knocked on the door and
there's a cute little newlywed couple
there and I explained to them my story
they're letting me come in and check I
just had to park of the van so let's see
if the box is there alright so here's
the crawlspace back here every time I
think about that box I think it in here
it might not be but I hope it is would
be so exciting
the Bucks wasn't there the search
continues I'm not giving up it's too sad
to think that it was found at some point
along the way and got thrown away so
I'll just continue to hope and to search
I've lived in a lot of places it's got
to be out there somewhere good night do
you have dehydrated or had a migraine
and now she's just been throwing up it's
miserable games the leaning tower visit
finish
