she thought she was dehydrated or had a
migraine and now she's just been
throwing up it's miserable being the
leaning power of digits in it good
morning today is off to a great start
it's kind of early I can hear the birds
chirping the Sun is rising I see the
pretty mountains and we are headed to my
sister's house she and I are going to go
running together this morning and my
parents are going to watch the kids
which is awesome
Caleb what's Papa doing this morning
he's putting in a wheel he's changing a
flat tire on Marla's jogging stroller so
that we can go jogging that part is
literally the part that gets on the air
yeah right little fun facts papa used to
work at a bike shop he knows all about
like he has pumping up the tires yeah
just getting her all ready and set it up
for a five-minute mile oh good yeah
that'll work a five-minute mile ok stuff
that I was planning on we just brought
janae she's pretty happy in there
grandma and Papa have all the other kids
at Moroni and Jeremy is working today so
I'm getting to play with my family and
enjoy this mountain air it's so funny
like I used to live here for so long so
it feels kind of like home but kind of
not fun to be here
god it's so pretty up here ok long just
to put down the camera because I have to
go back
are you magic in the waterboxx bun so
now we are hitting up a park with a
bunch of cousins
well this splash pad is way cooler than
a splash pads that we have in the
Midwest check this out it's like a
fountain and a river that ends in a
waterfall because they're loving it
shirring snack sorry did you buy some
present Ben yeah either your age huh
well this place is quite the hotspot it
is super crowded my dad just compared
this to a moving Where's Waldo game
that's a good description of parenthood
at a park
they're very racy we're going to race
that down the river yep and you use that
one
lounging and chatting girl sign says
you're open so the flash play river is
attached to a park
so the climbing thing the leaning tower
of digits dinners you made it to the job
you got it
hi you hang in with Papa so it's really
awesome my cousins have kids that are
close in age to my kids we actually have
cousin twins
what am I was born on the exact same day
as Elise and then my cousin just had a
baby around the same time that I had
janae so we're trying to get the two of
them together this is my cousin's baby
Emma and she's just a month different in
age from janae she's so cute I love
seeing what cousin of your closest
family is hard to think about the
cousins the last four hours have been
miserable
Kendra wasn't feeling well she thought
she was dehydrated or had a migraine and
now she's just been growing up and so
she is sick
we went and ran and got her some stuff
to try to help with the sickness and now
we're gonna head out and give her some
just like peace and quiet here being
sick it's miserable beings
so I brought the kids up to pyu this is
where Kendra and I met this is where I
went to law school a lot of good
memories here
yep that's the law school amazing how
walking around brings back so many good
memories
that's a spiral staircase it's not a
slide so this was where Kendra Knight
work as janitors together was in this
building every night we would come and
clean the trash and clean offices during
that time we were so busy with jobs and
going to school that it was one of the
only times that we had time together and
that was why we got the job look at the
fountain oh I think
is it the biggest bowl of pea not a big
ball it's a science what do you think
about there
you notify Cosmo
sachin brakes aren't evict
so I had just ordered everything and was
needing to pay and I couldn't find my
wallet anywhere and I told the people at
Subway I was going to have to go and
like find my wallet and then Kayla
pointed out where my wallet was
everything near me
I was holding my wallet in my hand and I
couldn't find it he gets kind of crazy
when you're trying to watch my kids
the Kendra's been in bed all afternoon
and main she's sleeping right now she's
feeling a little bit better but I'm
hoping that she wakes up feeling a lot
better
so prayers for Kendra J house
there's really - check it out
