this is going to be a sea monster and a
ferry and she's nervous
all right miss Laura what are you doing
yeah yeah I do see one card it's gone
that was a magic trick show me your hand
whoa it's gone you look quite the
magician where'd you learn not some oh
boy
a black Leena with you a magician yeah
well today is helisas last day of her
ballet camp and so they're doing a
little performance but all the parents
get to come and see any this is going to
be a sea monster and a fairy and she's
nervous by my side before I know she can
do great job the kids exp so that we
could all cheering these on even today
how did it go it was wonderful was it
fun
are you are pretty nervous how did you
feel when it actually started I'm so
proud of you good job I loved your
costume okay I'm so proud of her for
facing those nerves that we all feel and
then finding the joy in performing I
know I struggle with that still
sometimes I get nervous about things and
I just want to let that nervousness keep
me from doing them and I'm so proud of
her for being so brave and anyway she is
going to be doing ballet with this
studio in the skull and so her classes
are going to start soon it's going to be
fun to watch her continue to develop
that talent
I like hear someone say so when I was
younger I have memories of my grandma
cutting up bananas like she would slice
them up and put them on a plate with
sprinkles on it and so everyone said
well I just get nostalgic and I do that
with my kids so that's part of our lunch
today
bananas with sprinkles pretty I think
she like just regular bananas better or
bananas or sprinkles and this is a grand
grand alone they're just more fun in
your mouth huh so this is my food I saw
it slowly fall off at the table
it was so hungry and this is the last of
the food and now it's gone it's tragic
yeah I was creative
the to bowl method thanks for the help
in let's just throw it away
yeah I'll get here you can get me new
food thanks for being so helpful I'm so
lame okay yeah yeah I'll sweep up the
rest
thanks helper area so this morning as I
was getting up and doing stuff I thought
to myself you know what I really need I
needed it like right here like right in
the mall my face preferably bright red
alright now the kids wanted to do height
and go seek okay Isaac sit first better
go hide one two three
I love it all right Isaac Hazzard County
least yet Hayley I wanna be yet good
good spot I love it she's come in
everybody and she's skeptical where
could everyone be I be under the bed
okay Isaac is real unless I'll give you
a hint Maya and that you don't help
she's in this room somewhere you think
he's back there oh you know where he is
Kate Laura keep looking somewhere in
this room oh she's checking in the
drawer he's not under the bed he made a
noise he's making enough yeah satis Hey
are you gonna hide
or you want to hide with me
let's go at it lucky
who could it be see you guys
janae is going to be it this time thank
you you're here she got ya did you like
playing hide and seek
yeah you're gonna go get some dinner -
I'm hungry
well I stocked up on all sorts of stuff
I've got gum and snacks for the airplane
and a few little surprises to hopefully
keep the kids entertained on the
airplane and what else they get oh yeah
hair bows lots and lots of hair bows
like the clip kind because now the girls
all have short hair I'm meeting
different things that are here so
got home to dinner and my family
we'll be waiting for me my neighbors
were you in Culver tonight for dinner
sounds good smells good right now yeah
good to meet you so Kendra was out
shopping you got a bunch of clothes for
Isaac and he's trying them on right now
and he put on this shirt and it just
didn't seem right yeah I thought with my
shirt but now I think it's mom yeah I
think did you do some shopping for
yourself yeah I grabbed an exercise
shirt put that one in back do you know
where we're going tomorrow to LA we're
heading to Utah miss Larry is it time
for bed yeah all right there might be no
Lakes red no oh you oughta just stay
awake
it can be hard to go to bed I have an
idea then why don't we just pretend to
go to bed what would it look like if you
were to pretend to do can you show me
sure that's why I can't respect you
person they're like let me pretend to
put the blankets and sheets on there
there we go
okay now let's pretend for the next 10
hours just super fun game when I'm
almost done packing the kids clothes for
our trip to Utah and Jeremy just dubbed
it a work of art which Thank You Jeremy
I think what I've done of work into this
I'm using a new packing method called
the ziploc bag method I've never used it
before but I have friends who have and
so what the idea is is that I have a
ziploc bag for each kid for each day and
they're labeled with numbers on them so
that they just have to pull it out and
they know that on day three this is what
they're each wearing I'm packing this
way because we have different things on
different days where they need certain
outfits and so I can't just put all the
things in their suitcases and hope that
they don't wear stuff until the right
day and also my parents are going to be
there with us in Utah which is going to
be awesome they're going to be helping
us and so that'll be easier just to say
hey everybody's going to wear the
number-5 bag today I even coordinated
girls hair bows they all have underwear
and socks in each bag now if I can just
figure out what I'm gonna wear and
Jeremy do you have any idea what your
know where i strongiy good mom answered
but also i sat down by the gate and I
realized that I didn't have my laptop
with me
they're so cute and you made it
