i sat down by the gate and I realized
that I didn't have my laptop with me
they're so cute and you made it
well the alarm went off at 3:45 a.m.
today I'm flying to LA and back again
can't believe you can do that in one day
it's crazy but I'm heading somewhere
that I have wanted to go for a long time
it should be an adventure
here morning this is the 6:15 a.m. crew
how are you doing up good morning good
morning morning to know what time it is
Laura
no no it's 6:15 a.m. that's when you
have to wake up oh I miss daddy too
hey you know where he is lazy
uh Everleigh yeah he's on an airplane
Oh eat it and oh hello Peter me gone for
the day
and yeah we always missing money's gone
but it's only one day we're gonna have a
good day today we're going to make the
most of it and that's going to start
with making mommy's favorite breakfast
and you get bonus points and you know
what breakfast I love to make egg so I
decided to switch up the regular tour
routine this morning and have the kids
try some organizing cash
Elise is working on what the Tupperware
drawer and we actually have we looked
for them on plunger the other day all
right which tour do you have this
morning I clean out the pencil George
nice are you liking it okay was it
pretty messy yeah it used to be really
mess this was full of who knows what
he's been organizing everything you know
pens pencils to put all the binder clips
in a bag you show me the drawer itself
did you clean that out
whoo so clean so Caleb is cleaning out
the girls like hair stuff drawer and
he's been doing a great job it's really
fun to have kids old enough to do these
kinds of chores
how'd it go okay I fit it in one drawer
this is in the drawer and like a chef
yeah so this used to take up two shelves
and now it's all in one shelf that looks
very organized
good job Lacey so my only concern is
that that's going to be a little bit
hard to reach do you think you can
organize it a little bit a little bit
easier when I say Healy's go grab a
Tupperware well I should have taken a
before but here's the after can this
look awesome I'm so impressed
all right cubby open it up whoo that
looks so nice I feel like all of us
although it was it was crazy and now
it's all organized
you used to reorganize it so that it's a
little bit easier to reach all right for
success of the day we are all ready to
go on time we're taking Elise to ballet
camp and I'm taking the other kids to
gymnastics and I'm going back to pick up
he leaves from ballet camp it's a
running around day but our chores are
done the house is mostly clean and we're
all dressed and happy feeling like a
miracle and these are some other
pre-pregnancy shorts that I'm finally
fitting so I haven't worn these since
before I was pregnant janae and yes it
feels good to grab some stuff out of
that box because I'm like oh I just wish
I had a pair of black pants and I'm like
are black shorts and like wait a minute
I do look like a whole new wardrobe okay
it's ready to go so Kendra just said
that it was rainy and cloudy in Kansas
City so it's nice to be
the sunny skies
my favorite moment this morning was when
Isaac was practicing the piano and he
was playing I'll go the distance the
song from Hercules and everybody started
singing along it was not it looks like
warm-up said gymnastics today is boys
versus girls
dodgeball they're loving it
janay has officially found her feet and
she likes to eat them you crazy Kino
babies are so flexible which is like mom
I think I'll just gnaw on my foot a
little
you made it can you try it on for me oh
so cute and you made it
okay so ballet camp is going so well so
I can say YouTube safe
I'm taking a class all about the legal
side of YouTube and I'm loving it we're
having my friend and her kids over for
dinner tonight her husband is also out
of town today so the perfect timing to
get together and we just have to get
this house a little cleaned up and make
some food why are you guys wanting to
help for iPad soon it's working Oh time
so basically I bribe the kids that when
the house is ready then they can have
electronic time till our friends get
here we have like 45 minutes and the
house wasn't clean yet so I figure I got
nothing to live off but they're happily
helping
she's working hard so I just opened up
the fridge to get the fruit out of the
fruit then whether that thing's called
anyway we have two packages of
strawberries in there and I open it up
and do you guys see what's down there
apparently when we D water if I'd our
fridge from the ice we forgot about I'm
a lawyer as a youtuber I deal with legal
stuff all the time I represented a lot
of YouTube clients and so i'm a complete
nerd like we were sitting there watching
different videos of different cases and
debating and analyzing whether or not it
was copyright or not copyright fair use
or not fair use I love that kind of
stuff and so I had a lot of fun it felt
like being in law school again I'm
excited to head home
and I'll actually get to be with Kendra
tonight again it's so amazing that I
left this morning came spent hours here
at YouTube space I can fly on to Kansas
City and be home for the night time well
here is dinner it's called chicken
Tetrazzini which sounds super fancy but
it was just like a chicken and a sauce
it looks a little bit like alfredo but
different it definitely has a different
smell to it actually is a little bit of
nothing in it we've never had it before
so I guess that's a little bit scary to
try it with friends when you haven't
tried it before
exactly there's not there's pasta in it
and it really can't go wrong with kids
and pasta and here's my favorite cop
he's on it selects powerful if
somebody's in a silly mood mm-hmm hey
guys can't get my riddles out because of
the ballet
and I was basically so you've got a lot
of wiggles to get out gonna go outside
so I bought a sandwich i sat down by the
gate and I realized that I didn't have
my laptop with me so I'm going to go
back and get my laptop
luckily my name is on it so they were
able to verify really quick quickly that
it was me they said that it's pretty
normal for people to leave their laptop
what was funny was that someone right
before me had left their laptop and I
was like oh that's silly and then I did
the exact same thing I'll be honest I'm
starting to feel a little bit tired it's
been a warm head all right we got a good
kid table going on here Isaac chair
Junaid for me how's it goin Jen a new
hole oh she want your food
so the power in our house just served
like the lights lights dimmed and I was
like no don't go out power but luckily
the power is still on but there's a big
storm going on right now so anyway
hopefully we keep power all night long
but I had a really good time with my
friend tonight and I just finished
cleaning up the kitchen so what Jeremy
should be home to soon so um back to the
parking garage here in Kansas City get
ready to drive home and see my family
Jay house ow yes I just wanted to share
that in case someone else is feeling
broken tonight because I'm feeling
broken and terribly terribly flawed but
there is beauty and broken things and we
can just all be broken together love
each other be kind and wake up and try
again tomorrow
