because I just wanted to share that in
case someone else is feeling broken
tonight because I'm feeling broken and
terribly terribly flawed but there is
beauty and broken things and we can just
all be broken together love each other
be kind and wake up and try in time come
on like smacks you in the face
get out of my things
we go sir might be a little hostile so
let me not I can get more mix it in you
know for breakfast or cold cereal good
morning so every month we start the
discussion about what the kids want to
be for Halloween it's fun because it
changes each month all right Kevin what
are you thinking right now what are you
going to be for Halloween I want to be
wrong or wrong Harry Potter Shaolin or
Leonardo from teenage and Kara Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles I think you would
be a cute little ninja turtle I want to
be you like that and I want daddy to be
Hamilton I like being a same thing every
time in lesson I love a lot a sports
player in the comments tell me what I
should be and it cannot be a sports
player or vampire hmm in the comments
let us know on the ride over here we
realized something I'm wearing Caleb's
shirt oops
yeah it's a little bit too small but the
good news is that we made it on time and
we are headed into the gym for a morning
workout every part of my body is
screaming now don't work out but I have
a good friend that's going to make me
work out and it's going to feel good
when I'm done this is also Jenny's first
time to the gin oh that means thank you
know bein a player yeah you're gonna
help take care of her okay
hmm we're bringing the whole party to
the kids club
I just like 7.4 miles on a stationary
bike which is not very comfy on the seat
by the way but I'm training for a
triathlon and it is going to be I don't
even remember how much swimming 500
years I think and then we're going to
bike eight point eight miles and then
we're going to run 3.1 miles per you
added ballet camp again day two let's
use it after I drop the lease off at
ballet camp the boys are like let's have
friends over so I spontaneously texted
some friends and their kids were
available as they are okay let's see it
whoa
Phoenix what are you learning at ballet
can especially I don't know what it's
called
commercial decision it's hard I get it
mixed up with a few things that I
already so you have to move your head
like when you're spinning what's fun
with your hair you lit hands like ooh I
think that's called spotting so you keep
your eye on the oatmeal show us how it
works
boom what boom okay I'm gonna try to
keep an eye on the oatmeal thing okay
you tell me if I do it right I'm
attempting to make a healthy banana
milkshake and so I actually have no idea
what I'm doing but we're going to use
some bananas some milk of some vanilla
yogurt and some vanilla and makes mice
oh hopefully work that I smell fresh
 well the ice get crushed in the
blender yeah that will make it so cold
we're starting with some milk I put
three bananas in and tonight let's see
what this does
like that yeah right these testers what
do you think good but I guess sometimes
as a parent I sneak things don't go any
these are your baseball cards and
basketball cards Elise and I are going
out shopping for some clothes anyways
how do you feel about that I'm excited
so at least love shopping for clothes so
I'm very grateful to have her with me
because we've been here before
he says you Frank manhood I think those
are my termini I think they're cute it
would be like a dress for you you think
not to try it on so you don't have to
wear Italy yeah it'll be way too short
for a dress
so what's that least that's hard I think
it's called a unitard it so it's not a
leotard like for dance but you button it
so that it stays tucked into your
clothes so you wear it just for regular
shirt it's almost like maybe one nice
but huge you're right it is shopping
with a lease is way more fun than
shopping by myself where we headed now
the girls section so the maybe pile is
huge head in let's see what we think
spin it around this is somebody's having
fun I think this one might be my
favorite what do you think of that one
Thank You shirt meal ownership it does
remind me of what I'm not sure -
decisions decisions
we're done and we picked out a few
things and I think we both need a treat
what do you think you have a CDX slide
coming up we got to get our haircuts
there it is Caleb's hair we decided to
treat ourselves with soda at Lilo's and
once a week they have sugar cookies and
I had one last week and I've been
daydreaming about it all week so we had
to get one of those again and this week
it's a special flavors coconut lime so
we're excited to try that good have you
had this out of apart now good huh and
another root beer tasted so good
look at that it's a hundred degrees
having a super gourmet women tonight I
think she really has the giggles do you
think so funny you're right when I drink
water and I ended up going right over my
nose okay what are we watching America's
Got Talent
it makes a video we don't watch a ton of
shows but this one has been really fun
America's Got Talent
would you ever like to be on America's
Got to a judge
Oh a judge yeah that would be the
funnest job I want to be like a person
you perform and sing really do like
gymnastics do some flips and stuff I was
thinking of doing a ventriloquist show
it's where I talk and the puppet moves
watch what my name is
see you thought your name was psychic oh
did I get buzz
see your ventriloquist are you buzzing
so today has actually been a hard day
for me emotionally and it's just lots of
anxiety and discouragement and feeling
super overwhelmed and depressed and you
know I've been doing so much better
emotionally since janae was born that
it's it's kind of different to have such
a hard day today and I've been really
analyzing in my mind like what make it's
so hard today and what can I do to get
out of this and anyway as I've been
thinking about what is kind of scaring
me what I'm feeling overwhelmed and
anxious about I realized that I'm really
nervous about going to the YouTube
convention that we're going to I always
really enjoy those things because it's
fun to get to meet you and it's fun to
be able to get to see our YouTube
friends we've never taken our kids to an
actual YouTube conference and I'm an
introvert and I'm kind of shy and I'm
kind of quiet and when it comes down to
it I realize that I'm feeling nervous
that you guys won't like me in real life
I times Tom bear is to say that like I'm
a 34 year old woman like I should be
secure and and I am in so many ways I am
like I love me and it doesn't matter
what other people think of me but I
realized that some of those insecurities
are still creeping in and influencing my
emotions right now like you guys see an
edited version of our lives you guys see
our good moments maybe you see when I'm
happy and and enjoying different things
and being creative and fun you don't
always see my down moments and just a
totally regular person in fact I guess
it's overwhelming that when you guys are
watching me you somehow see worse and
sometimes I'm nervous but it's just
because of the camera and that um in
person
I don't know this is so embarrassing
I'm also nervous that my kids will
behave crazily like we tell you guys all
the time like they're totally normal
kids like they fight they throw tantrums
they have really really great moments
they do they're creative they're kind
they're compassionate they're loving but
they also have the other moments and I'm
just I'm nervous about all of that I
guess I just wanted to share that in
case someone else is feeling broken
tonight because I'm feeling broken and
terribly terribly flawed but there is
beauty and broken things and we can just
all be broken together I love each other
be kind and wake up and try it tomorrow
