Oh what are you getting ready for it
today what action G but is is closed all
right
they're not wasted on evaluation so the
truth is is that I actually did battling
one time it was during baseball season
and I told my dad this year I'm going to
do dance instead of baseball look like
what are you talking about and you tend
to give me a hard time about it but I
was in a class with seven other girls
but I thought were really cute and it
was just me I really liked dance it was
awesome
Oh mommy guess I am me yeah you want to
do some dance that was just one of the
classes I took what the main thing we
did is hip hop dance or jazz popping
yeah that's like how Justin Timberlake
dances like in trolls how they dance
let's see oh you're hopping it's a
little different than that oh very
graceful that's called the squatty potty
very person you can hip hop you guys
want to see what hip hop it is should
you get some hip hop all right so the
jab this is where the classic jazz move
back invited for the running man ready
so it won't put up and then when that
location you go back and you pop up you
can't do the running man take take some
practice I'll be honest
almost good luck there it is so your new
outfit from ballerina to baseball player
yeah well you're getting close ah and
then getting close publisher there's a
lot of new cooler moves that I need to
learn
you girls have matching hair whoa or two
little ballerinas so how are you feeling
about ballet camp today
cares but and kind of excited what are
you feeling scared about I don't know if
I don't for all I do a job or something
yeah it's been a while since you've
danced huh I think it's normal to feel a
little bit nervous
no pretty good all right well it's time
to drop off Elise for her ballet camp
and of course Laura had to come with us
but so for Laura does not want to leave
she wants to stay I talked her into
coming with me
time to get home and do some chores
there's a tray laying on the power line
they're still cleaning up a lot of the
debris from that storm and it's crazy
that there's still a lot of people that
don't have power caleb is teaching me
all about his best pokemon cards this
morning and what they do this does
Plaisance to look poised and sting that
can't be good okay but if you could be a
Pokemon what would your power be Blair
the cool air show me the glare
so growing up I was an Eagle Scout and
did Boy Scouts and so Isaac is getting
his Scout shirt in his book and going to
do it for question were you a scout of
any kind either a Boy Scout a Cub Scout
a Girl Scout let us know in the poem you
got a good bounce there you bounce in
your baby
sure I can
my baby can't give up can yoy she's
learnin should we see if Jamaicans it up
today let's try it
ha ha punkin hi hello I'm teaching Isaac
for the first time how to play
Dragonball is just a big room and you
play with the bouncy ball
Oh
Caleb what you're building how you built
a house oh is that the door I like how
your house has carpet 1s boys hafta get
more like more like shoo junk
and and and they killed us by yours and
the store oh you guys have done is to
shoot this ornament yeah
so whatever there's normally just like a
shelter we cover everything and yeah is
your baby asleep
Oh almost huh Jame is watching
everything her big brother and sister do
which is like how do I say what do I do
I know she's gonna be excited to join in
the play and not too many months this is
a game point you can win it off
he would
yes
me KD madad she can pay you clean house
you guys are awesome
right it is already time it's already
time to pick up it's so funny on these
men's log again I can't talk because
that's what you do when your vlog is you
talk and of the anyway we are here what
are we doing guys there we go that's
what we're doing so how was LA it was
good and I made two new friends good I
got a decorator folder did you have fun
what you get to do that the rest of the
week every day it's gonna be fun
so tonight Jeremy made one of his family
favorite meals growing up which is
called what is it called Rio Kai you eat
this yummy
taco bean corn tomato mixture on top of
corn chips and then you add your
toppings and strawberries on the side
there is no looks good
brown bear brown bear what do you see
new horse blue horse what do you see I
see a green frog looking at me green
frog green frog what do you see I see a
purple cow
looking at me champion champion what do
you see I can understand another right
there I should okay she never just one
can reward might not like everything
where the items I didn't skip any of
those look I promised my glasses my ring
can I see album I can write I will
tonight mom good night he may look like
a war zone up there there were tons of
debris as we were driving up here you
guys hear that the power's out
