it was like a war zone out there there
were tons of debris as we were driving
up here you guys knew that the power's
out it's 6:00 something in the morning
last night at about 10:30 there was a
crazy storm we lost power and we still
don't have power so we're going to the
store right now to get some ice
I don't know for a garage door open
we're going to try to figure out how to
get out of here Lourdes up she's gonna
come help me yes open DeGraw
I usually just exit from the store so
our garage doors I set up with like
handles I don't even know if they
manually go up because they're all
working with electricity so I don't want
to like break the garage doors but I
have to get out of here
I couldn't make a big noise
and I can't move as a special company
look large you see the tree branches
they just fell out for this you see all
these branches where do you see that
branch did it fell right on the fence
look like a war zone out there there's
tons of debris as we were driving up
here tons of branches had fallen up
because of this formula I am surprised
there's not a lot more people here
getting items you might wonder why we're
getting ice it's because our fridge is
not cooling our food and so we need to
get it cold top Ian man Buffalo the
things that could go bad in our fridge
especially our milk egg
yogurt she's probably at some of these
channels now you know what's getting a
taste of a power outage emergency no ice
and doing all right let's go I'm so
curious you don't know what's going on
this morning yeah it's like why do we
need ice in the fridge what a daddy get
it you are welcome good morning you
wearing t-shirts T yes I want to do
inception take action let's see it what
are you wearing for the day today he's
dressed without air conditioning it's
supposed to be super hot today and we
don't have any air conditioning without
power we can what like this you guys
yeah that the power's out yeah you know
I can open the fridge or the freezer
let's not open the doors because I feel
a lot more hot sometimes storms knock
out the power and it's been lots of
trees fall down okay anything like that
judge not in our backyards either one
fell down and when the tree limb fell
down they break the powerlines and then
the power goes out try it try turning on
the light you don't have anything left
to see we don't have any electricity no
power don't even watch TV don't fill
electron nope no TV no no air
conditioning
especially this
some work either that was it go or a
work drummer okay so that is why daddy
went to the store this morning and got
ice to put in the refrigerator to try to
keep that stuff cold and while he was at
the store you grab donut so that's my
part and then which donut
I want the question is which donut do
all of them one in your chocolate no
this is my first done up with no
sprinkles honey like it I prefer donuts
Oh sprinkles - I don't know if they
actually add flavor or if it's just more
fun I wanted you to the electricity is
flickering did it hearing this off but
it was just on so there is hope
they must be fixing it baby you're not
magic so when the power went out last
night it was going on and off and on and
off for about five minutes and so
hopefully it comes back that's a fun toy
just OBC self-portrait
I like your short hair that I'll shoot
how not so did you guys hear how many
people don't have power this morning a
hundred and fifteen thousand yep they
said they had crews working all night
Kansas City hi well it's been really
interesting and educational this morning
for the kids to see all the things that
electricity does for us like they keep
going around they're like wait that is
an electricity wait that uses it to like
our oven we can't use our oven or
microwave or our stove and they're like
how are we going to cook them anyway
there's a lot of things that you realize
when the power goes out you can't do
because the air conditioner does not
work without electricity oh that was
crazy hot that's why it's crazy hot
whole question what's the longest you've
been without power I've heard of places
where it was that for a couple days in
the summer that would have been so
miserable or in the winter the winter
when you're freezing
so it's been over an hour since the
power flickered and teased us but it was
going to start and the heat is
increasing so the kids are all doing
cold showers now to just
still with the heat and get clean like
my head again we're playing Settlers of
the campaign players of Catan they have
never played it before we're going to
give it a try
listen robbers tries to get us and we
run into it we say go into the ostriches
ah I just open the fridge for the second
time today and unfortunately the ice is
starting to melt but we had leftover
pizza in there from last night and it's
been right there with the ice the whole
time and so we're going to have cold
pizza for lunch because we don't have
any way to warm it up play a song that
was warm it up but it would take like a
long time yeah we had a solar then we
could totally use that that's right a
very good national enquirer we should
just try to lure everything that's true
if we have solar lights we would have
power right now we do have solar lights
they're called
windows cold pizza strawberries and
celery I dunno give your big is good
hygiene a you don't mind not having
electricity huh you go to mom I still
get my milk huh
in
feeling grateful for our automatic
garage door opener I'm grateful for the
garage it's a lot cooler in here than it
would have been so although our church
doesn't have power they still wanted to
hold church today and so everyone's
bringing like their flashlights and
battery powered lanterns it was hot it
was dark but it was really a neat
meeting what I'll never forget we had
lanterns up at the front you could see
someone our leader was using like a
karaoke type machine with a generator so
it'd get kind of here I was happy to see
so many people that even in these
circumstances wanted to come together to
worship together well goodness there's a
huge truck right in front of our house
from the electrical company so hopefully
that means good things are coming all
did they drive away no no come back I
think they're trying to get to some
wires right up behind our house and our
neighbor's houses Oh set of wires maybe
because they were looking up trying to
figure out you know how do we give their
drive to our yard we'll do whatever do
you see those power lines right there do
you see the power lines it's hard to see
through the trees but they are there
right better power power lines
they're what provide and carry the
electricity to our house well at least
we know they're trying to fix
electricity for air I love this puzzle
hey hey she well we are hanging out all
of us in the basement because it is
significantly cooler just walking down
the stairs you can feel the cold air
it's a very nice foot flower the hot
Kinect for tournaments hey what's that
sound
the light is on i chat all right on in
I miss Laura what happened alright for
our life's work now isn't it so exciting
yeah powers back on I've been asked laws
now I'm going through our house one on
one turning off every light switch
because when the power was off we all
turn them all on because you're likely
why isn't this working like without even
noticing you do that so now everything's
on Haiti Isis still I thank you guys
this is all frozen that's good news Isis
i it's good because we need open up
women I think what we really need to
check is the ice cream is the ice cream
still good
alright the ice cream is still good it's
still ice cream and we should probably
have this in celebration house cool
alright well the ice in the refrigerator
is melting but we should expect that I
think I'm just going to move all this
out and clean the water out yeah where
you can put the ice well on the back
deck I bet the kids would like to play
with it
would you like to play this tonight okay
let's put it out there
well we did get a lot of water from the
ice that Moses you just see like
everything is covered in law covered in
water so we're just like trying to clean
it out be water fine our bridge well we
are glad to be able to increase your
vocabulary today remember today's vocab
word is D water is used in just some
portions of the Midwest after a severe
power outage when there's a lot of water
in your refrigerator yeah cor jenna is
sad she wants to be outside with the
kids I'm sorry you are not big enough to
play with the idea you tell me
girlfriend what's what you have needs
now jeremy has to figure out how to
reconnect our garage doors to our garage
door openers if you go in button and I'm
gonna release it when it comes through
let's check don't know about that I
would like to go on record that I did
not support this idea no way I would
like to go off record I would like to go
on record that I have always supported
Jeremy and in every question gypsy with
Edison he knows exactly what he's doing
well the air conditioning has been on
for about an hour and we're down to 84
in here so I know like it's still hot it
is so hot it takes a little while for
the air conditioning to cool down the
whole house well we are headed to our
awesome friend's house who invited us
for dinner I'm very happy to escape our
still very warm house so after dinner
with the kids played for a while and the
super fun basement and now they're
watching a movie and eating popcorn does
that work thankful to you guys tomorrow
Danny's nursery is clean I'll show you
guys the finished product
you
