these nursery is clean I'll show you
guys the finished product
you know what happened to janae
yesterday ah ah she had to get shot
three times one right here and one right
here yeah she's doing pretty good though
I know her it is crazy hot out here
today it's like in the high 90s but with
heat index which includes the humidity
and what it actually feels like outside
is up to 110 so we're actually under an
excessive heat warning okay rub what is
humidity stuff that make you sweat it
does it does make you sweat more liquid
in the air as a moisture and on this
stage you cannot forget deodorant so I
grew up in the Midwest and in the south
and there's a lot of humidity there
something used to it so it doesn't
bother me very much Jeremy grew up in
Arizona where it's much drier heat and
so I think he feels the effects of
humidity a lot more but here's the poll
question for today do you prefer a humid
heat or a dry heat let us know up here
so Amber's been making these bracelets
and teaching the kids and helping the
kids work on that made this so here's
Elise's anklet that she made I love the
colors you chose them looks off in my
favorite colors yep it's like a navy
blue a mint and a pink I stomped some
milk for janae and I'm nervous that
something might be wrong with it and so
I wanted her me to taste it but you
won't use your using the taste it no I
am not dreaming it I didn't name well it
just take your thing and I just pieces
so know why she's now I'm not trusting
we had some friends invite us over for a
sprinkler morning of fun in their
backyard that's what we're headed right
now
you love ice what do you think of the
snow cone that's perfect thank you you
are welcome now we're headed home for
lunch and to teach an agent a stayed
home with Amber which it's been so nice
having amber here but amber is actually
leaving today so sad it's time to say
goodbye to Amber we have loved having
amber with us it's been such a blessing
and she's just cool to hang out with and
talk to as well we're going to miss you
hugs
have you ready let it go so it's dead I
love you Laura I'll miss you
I know this girl's going to be human and
be something you can show me never been
good friends and this is amazing care of
her I do it guys I'll see you back at
the reception I wanted sense it he knows
this is going to be bad alright so I'm
taking amber now it's beer for it
I need to go it is time for janae to
move out of our bedroom and into her own
space which in our family what we do is
we have the babies move into our master
closet it's right off of our bedroom
it's a nice big space with a fan and an
air vent the window I mean trust me
she's fine in there but that's what
functions as our little nursery and I
love it I love it because she's really
close to us far away from the other kids
who could wake her up or bugger
since our reunion we haven't cleaned our
van and it's super dirty so we're going
to clean it then I'm going to double dip
what's this I feel so far
well the room is done my closet is clean
or should I say Jennings nursery is
clean I'll show you guys the finished
product line where are we headed okay we
see give us the Grand Tour
so this is where mom's close up and dad
close and there we have lunch - into the
wrong shoes and then we have socks and
then these clothes and a pair of shoes
and jamayne thing I'm Emily gray always
we're gonna lay her down not on the
floor we're gonna lay her in her bed we
should have sleepovers
and Laura your mark on hands can all
right and you guys will wake up in the
moment and take care of her yeah okay
the only time we'll get up and give her
to you is when she's hungry
we're only fun being in this little
rabbit and remembering all the
adventures this closet has had it was
first just a closet then it was Laura's
nursery for like two years then it was
Jeremy's office I don't you guys
remember when Jeremy worked out of here
we had a desk and everything back there
and now it is Janae's room so I am very
grateful for this little room and for
the packaging and I don't know very many
clothes you know none of our kids have
had official nurseries except for maybe
Isaac for a couple months one time he
slept in his own room but it's been okay
like it hasn't bothered me that we don't
have a special nursery all cute and
decorated for them like they have a
space to sleep and they are warm and
they are comfortable and they are right
where they need to be here in there
which na is currently taking the long
snap the shoots ever taken and I'm
taking that as a sign that she really
likes her new bedroom and hopefully that
means she'll be better at night I can
only hope fingers crossed
so with CVX live coming up I've been
doing a little bit of shopping to get
the kids a few new things to take with
us and they're trying them on right now
all right what do you think of this
friendly I like it but it's kind of hard
to get out of it is it hard to get on so
Elise was telling me how hard the shirt
was to get on on/off over her head turns
out there was a button in the back so
problem solved right sure I want to see
Jack slide I think they need to like
talk to someone with yeah I think that
might look a little nicer and then I get
it tied to I think at I would look nicer
you're going to dress up for CVX live
huh strike a pose
check another pose ooh fancy
haha I love those colors on you Calum
I think this on my channel about that I
think that shirt does match your eyes
what do you think I like it but I think
I'll wear like I'm somewhere normal
short movie do you not like the shorts
I like on Bolivia's Archie Mickey Oh
like you're wearing almond yeah I love
mint what do you think of this one
you'd be happiest in like workout
clothes the whole time wouldn't you you
want to wear those kind of shorts and
like play shirt
so when I was out shopping I was looking
a bunch of different athletic shirts and
they had all sorts of different things
on them and I loved all of them but one
of them stood out above the rest and it
was this one it says this girl has heart
and it immediately reminded me of this
girl because it has such a big heart
I just I love you like it really say
what do you think of this one I love the
local church so we see which of the
shirts was your favorite although well
if you could only choose one which one
would you choose
oh no the water party at our house was
at 7 o'clock tonight and I just finished
dinner but I did chicken pesto penne
casserole cloverleaf rolls mixed veggies
and strawberries in other news you ate
your dinner in 8 minutes time for dinner
too
and I mean host after the water broom
fight I made them all go and pick up the
water balloon pieces
after go time because it popsicle well
tonight I am out swimming training for a
triathlon that I'm doing in one month
and I'm excited about it and nervous
about it but swimming is my favorite
part solicited me back tonight
Johanna look at that thing
