I love you girl but long enough you want
to donate it yeah I like you so much
that it makes me happy for you baby I'm
so happy
good morning I am excited because this
morning I get to spend the morning out
with my big girls and we're going on
kind of a special errand that sure hey
Laura we're just going to even up your
hair oh yes it will be mostly the same
so easy how do you want your cut I kind
of want it like my cousins policy it's
like this year all right are you
thinking about that long yeah how about
you guys get matching hair touch hmm so
matching be fun yeah hmm are you excited
or not I can excited kinda nervous
you're excited too that light bulb I
feel like sometimes they might come Mike
hey being odd doesn't cut your skin
they're going to be getting your hair we
see how long has it been since you've
had a haircut one year I spent a long
time okay so let's see how long it is
oh my goodness that is some long hair
and we're going to cut it all off
not all of my good point we just took
some before pictures so we can see the
transformation I feel like giving
haircuts is always just an exciting
change like it always feels fresh I'm
almost tempted to cut my own hair but
what happen yeah we're in line so what
are we going to do while we wait my
shoes Elise is leading us to this shoe
section pretty cute even do like about
these ones there how are you hi
okay let's see what size you are put
your feet in here so to feel on the back
ah what did you find so they're actually
really cute do you find some you like
alright McClure's turn we're gonna have
to go to the big-girl section for you
handles those are very cute sandals
Laura if your size 9 we've got some in
the growing box at home should we go
looking to grow in box at home yeah one
of my friends has these all right try
them on see what you think
hey let's say but you think size one
would fit better so unfortunately it
looks like they're clearing out and
changing up a bunch of shoe designs so
good about that as stuff is really on
sale the bad news is there's not much to
choose from and I don't know if they
have a disguise and anything she's
interested in so this is the pair of
shoes that elese really likes but they
don't have them in her size she needs a
size one those are fancy
I love me you love them they fit you
they're like perfect for summertime they
fit me I'm sure cuz they're only face 13
not size 1 they actually feel perfect
they do seem like they said they are too
big but they're beautiful Laura and I
just had a little chitchat about not
touching everything that's on the
shelves and thanks super close to mom
and you know she does really well at the
store but she still needs a reminder
she's still learning it's not worth like
like the shoes match with your church
shoes yeah so we can almost be Rocky
they're like more grown-up huh I don't
know I feel about you being so grown-up
oh we can only buy one pair of shoes
you're going to have to choose which one
you know which one which one what is it
up where you want these one uh-huh are
you sure you don't want these ones I
love Co girl do you but you're my baby
no no I know you're bigger so we're in
the checkout line and I opened up my
wallet to pay and I see a Target gift
card that I forgotten about it was in my
wallet so I was like oh there's probably
like nothing on it but I had them run it
ten bucks
so we saved ten bucks today that always
feels good finding random gift cards
yeah yep let's go get our hair good
have you gotten your haircut before
right there when I cut her hair I
actually made that side longer than this
side so we're getting it fixed today you
ready
I definitely did not have that straight
when I cut
oh well you found my fries out my
haircuts right here Wow be a big
transformation is that well we didn't
think that Elise's hair was long enough
to donate but they're saying it might be
so we're going to try to if we can we
see if it's long enough you want to
donate it yeah I like doing services
that it makes me happy
your beautiful hair I'm sure somebody
would love to have it I think we got ten
and I you're excited Pacific you what do
you think I'm so happy thank you
there it is there's even hair and you're
done just kidding so now she's gonna
even that up you watching Lisi did you
see Lisa's hair it's a lot huh
now I won't leave any of my rubber band
so what are you thinking so far I think
you can get well I'm sure really
beautiful I can't really stretch where I
want to stretch my nose is this like the
hardest part of getting a haircut is
you're stuck under here and you can't
hit your nose is it your nose that it
just let me help you is that better not
exactly what is that it may build you
ask her where is it is like I know just
do it got it right this is smooth you
don't often use my phone to distract but
it is nap time and at lunch time
desperate times call for desperate
measures
hi
let's see Italy see she oh my Cupid we
did it we're back hi hi didn't feel a
difference how much did she cut off 10
inches trying to come show everybody out
he is cute huh so we leave some a little
errand buddy today we are headed out on
another errand and this time we are
going to a post office and what are we
doing putting our hair in the meal yes
we are sending this hair which is
releases donated hair to the Pantene
Beautiful Lengths program I had not
heard of that program before but the
hair stylist recommended it and so I
looked it up and it sounded like a great
place they take the donated hair and
they weave it together into wigs and
then they give them to women that have
had hair loss because of cancer and so
it's just really amazing to look at this
and know that you know it can be put to
good use
alright we need an envelope this is the
one we want a small bubble mailer so we
can put your hair in there and write the
address on it
can I cash out so on their own the kits
are divided into two different teams and
they were doing play-doh Wars women
