so on their own the kits are divided
into two different teams and they are
doing play-doh Wars good morning it is
our day to host summer camp today and we
are learning all about the ocean we're
going to learn about ocean waves ocean
tides the ocean currents let's see the
layers of the ocean and one more thing
oh the saltwater in the ocean so I got
different experiment art project lots of
fun to be add hopefully it goes okay
make some rainy day level now
for modern America and they see this is
cold water and we're going to pour the
boiling water into it and see we feel
the cold water if everything but your
finger and feel the cold water if it
cold
and I do it full-time and we're going to
watch how the hot water moves in the
cold water I want to see if you guys can
see any current okay
I'd let you guys make a little beach and
you can decorate it that times it okay
so we've got rock shell we guess what
the moon move around the earth so we're
going to show you guys about the layers
of the ocean well what are you making
quickly my god nice tomorrow
hey so here in our situation there was a
big oil rig like a big boat that had
lots of oil and it's in the ocean and
guess what I just saw Britain moon that
the oil has spilled it is now all over
from you guys as environmental engineers
are in charge of cleaning up oil do you
think you can do music look you guys our
team Gulf of Mexico I'm staying at the
wooden table you guys are seeing such a
like ocean and the white people were
narrated each team can choose three
tools to try to clean up your oil spills
okay so you guys need to whisper and
work together to figure out which three
tool you think would most effectively
get the oil out of the water
absolutely all right what three tools
would you guys like to have to try to
get the oil out bunch you like it fun
what else it'll do a spoon interests and
a rag fun just isn't in Iraq okay but
for you a few days on a book on a water
gun
and a rat the strange like yeah I'm sure
it and you guys are going to report as a
team which tool works back ah brows
drawn oh here it comes oh okay Kiki oil
oh yeah you now have five and try your
best and everyone else on do it at five
minutes okay
all right everybody hands down okay what
you notice is sponge it just lets the
water not the oil so this poor animal
did the oil stick to it pretty good
movement how about this better
does anybody feel the feathers yeah you
know I know the oil even all the tools
you guys use to try to get the oil out
of the water to get the oil off the
feathers
no no ended it rescue and so we're going
to try just one drop wool the frozen
creatures
let's get around I mean I'm salt the
water it makes it more dense the things
that are more dense sink to the bottom
and the things that have less than to be
right the top or display the state
versus closed saltwater edition good
yeah all right so I'm making seafoam for
the little girls to play with it has
water Dawn dish soap and cornstarch mix
it up
this is seafoam please be ready to play
I was this first wave hi the animal so I
find that animals you guys pulled your
eyes closing my eyes okay no peeking
Laura try to find the animals great
sound animal it's funny you plan all
these activities but what the kids
really enjoy is don't know translate
just kidding it's super hot out and so
they only last a few minutes on the
trampoline and then they came into play
with this fans play-doh and their makes
for some really preparation probably one
of my favorite platos that i've ever
seen so on their own the kid to divide
it into two different teams and they are
doing play-doh Wars and there is only
two minutes left on the clock
to create their creature so frantically
working there's only a few seconds
remaining
my best thing I was I go three two one
step away and we made a really nice
entrance and okay and then walk in you
see the carving and the shell so it
looks like the show carpenter let's see
team two creation oh my goodness this is
gorgeous
it would cookies animal nuts and
cinnamon
it's ocean you guys there's such a
variety I just layer you all winners and
you may all eat your lunch no lunch time
eating lunch with your friends yes honey
so apparently all the boys wanted to eat
outside
so now we're going to do sand art but
the kids I waited till the other moms
are here so that hopefully it wouldn't
make a huge mess we'll see what happens
Isaac is strategically coring it in to
try to get the angles you want so I've
never done sand art before but I always
think it looks so cool so it's excited
to try it with the kids
every day of summer camp there's been a
challenge we say the best challenge for
last we had everybody make an
ocean-themed treat to bring to the last
day which is today so I want to show you
guys what they brought
they made flip-flop these are submarines
candy rice krispies sushi these are
clams these are fish swimming in an
ocean of jello and our sugar cookie fish
so basically the kids are destined to be
on a sugar high for the rest of the day
poll question which ocean theme treat
did you like that click up here and let
us know
I was so impressed with all of the
desserts that they did for summer camp
Twinkies are really nostalgic for me
like they're a yummy you guys like
Twinkies sugar sugar a lot and lots of
sugar any high socks and then we're
gonna crash and watch a movie
movie time and cleanup time one two
three everybody just left me had such a
good time
Junaid gettin tired I need to put her
down but the kids immediately had the
sand play-doh back out in there I love
it this is good stuff I will try to put
the link to the blog that has the recipe
on our Facebook page
how's it going so we're going to head
I'm on a date
cool I just kinda boxers
hey just hanging out in sunglasses yeah
that's pretty tight in here yes it was
nice have fun
they're gonna help take care of janae
nice so as Jeremy I are getting ready to
go on our date to the rec center to
workout I was trying to upload some
podcasts and Jeremy taught me the
coolest thing apparently I can subscribe
on the podcast and then I can just know
when my favorite podcast person makes
new podcasts because I just search for
her every time
subscription I have never subscribed to
anything on that uses or with podcast
and you know it's the thing I was like
it's really convenient is you just find
out like hey if they have something new
I felt like a nerd because I'm like and
they're searching it and he's like so
babe you can just hit this button like
watch subscribe subscribe
alright so question what's the first
thing you subscribe to what's the thing
in front of us oh this person is part of
the FBI but they don't want anyone to
know I can tell
wow that is intense it's pretty tough
secret
so we're going to do some lap swimming
and I'm actually really nervous I love
swimming but I haven't in a long time
and there's a diving board here and I
just perfect flash but Jeremy is really
excited to try it out used to be quite
the diver but it's been a long time so I
think both of us these are things we'd
love to do but we feel rusty
this feels great and tiring and I keep
getting nervous
so Jeremy is going to bump into me
swimmin good workout good night dear
cell papa and mugga sent us something a
package and it had this inside of it and
I'm not sure what it is you guys want to
open it I had a shirt
