Papa and mugga sent us something a
package and it had this instead of it
and I'm not sure what it is you guys
want to open it
good morning we are out at a beach this
morning now we're in Kansas City so the
beach is a lake beach but it's got sand
and it's got water so we're counting it
we are starting off the day by cleaning
up there's some trash and so we talked
to the kids about like water pollution
and how we want to keep trash out of the
water so we're going to have them all
collect some trash let's go scare some
why do you not take care of this we all
just got to remember to pack up our
stuff so if I see some more trash down
there okay did we find some more trash
good job team you guys found a shirt
yeah how's that bag coming almost hole
isn't it hey any more trash
good job Laura what do you think of the
beach special because sometimes people
accidentally leave stuff behind so we
got to clean it up huh
oh my goodness so in about 15 minutes
all these kids got two big bags of trash
hey good job let's go throw it in the
actual trash can so this morning when we
first woke up it was raining and my kids
were all so disappointed and so was I
because here we've been planning this
trip and luckily the Sun has come out
and the forecast is at least a couple of
hours of Sun in the middle of the day
and so we decided to come it's actually
perfect because no one else is here at
the beach the weather is not too hot the
Sun is out I'm really glad we still came
what are you guys building Lee like Olay
it's nice because the lake is super
shallow
but even to the beach what's your
favorite thing at the beach from me
right now this because I have played in
the law how much you like digging in the
dirt look I'm gonna make it so it never
ends that's awesome you're expanding the
lake we put sand in there then you shake
it in the water and it acne filter out
all the pan it keeps the rocks inside
that's really cool
and
these women mention which is better
beach or pool me I mean cool cool what
do you think beach or pool huh yeah
that's a let's have lunch girls I'm
eating a goober
now it's time to clean up and go home
though which is never the fun part I'm
going to spare you the details but let's
just say that packing up a bunch of kids
after a beach experience not an easy
business first
why'd you have your arms up you can
forget it now because it's like a roller
coaster road
yeah whoa laughs there are a lot of
those it's pretty hot here and course I
can't
making sand play-doh it's a new recipe
I've never tried before and I hope it
works out you least wanted to come help
out with this Sam
play-doh it's just so easy if we're
going to add some water here's some
boiling water don't touch it with your
hands because it's very hot just stir it
up no like plate or an Isaac you're
helping me make the next batch of
play-doh
I'm getting janae down and then it's
time to get ready for summer camp
because tomorrow is our day to host and
I need to make some sand play-doh and
some sugar cookies and get all the
experiments and teaching things ready
and hopefully she sleeps if she doesn't
sleep I don't know how I'll get anything
done you supposed to be sleeping yes you
are you supposed to be sleeping we're
going to make sure your cookies in the
shape of fish so in our family we love
to make brown sugar cookies but I think
I'm gonna try making white sugar cookie
sometime soon too cutting out the fish
and the starfish Wow dad yeah you did
who's hungry for dinner
oh they're about 40 repeaters never
having my crock-pot no it's like a chili
and rice and toppings make sure it's
cooked all day without me doing anything
Jeremy's been working so much more the
last few days it's so nice to have him
home this evening and he's out playing
with the kids there jump on the
trampoline going
does a pretty good workout yeah yeah I'm
all sweaty that's good
so I described the mail and Papa and
mugga sent us something a package and it
had this instead of it and I'm not sure
what it is you guys want to open it see
what it is
okay this is ability for your back okay
stay around papa
did you know that oh she may leave she
sells them grandma photos for you guys
should we go put him under bed yeah so
my mom decided this year for all the
grandkids birthdays to make them
pillowcases but she decided that right
after Laura any Lisa's birthday had
already happened - they have January
birthdays and so she made them for them
and sent them this time of year Isaac
and Caleb already have theirs grandma
knows how to sell and she's so good well
I'm gonna hand yes you put flowers on it
you know what happens is you just choose
a fabric that you want and you buy that
fabric and the needs to it she mailed it
didn't sit outside your doing to get
cozy it is cozy I like it I should go
put on your bed yeah go for it
oh yeah what you guys doing we're
smoothing it out guys this dark color to
again reminds me of sleeping it does
kind of me to deploy it should feel
tired well anything that makes you go to
sleep is a good thing well yours make
you go to sleep little Laura
that one makes me feel like yeah yeah
yeah so it's nice about home aunt
Elizabeth they don't have to come with a
tag because he wants a tag on your
pillowcase okay you can cut them off
babe yeah I think that's against the law
warning do not remove under penalty of
law there it is
there's no fun
a lot of frosting misleads seekers I'm
working on Lee's only see are you making
a smiley face on that starfish cool
awesome
I like the one eyed starfish I would she
like the water splashes when I kick it
like I'm - goodnight - ow ah so my
friend set up a giant slide in our
backyard
then you have your own personal tornado
shelter whoa there's a little bit like a
fourth body
