so my friend set up a giant wooden find
in her backyard
then you'd have your own personal
tornado shelter whoa this feels a little
bit like a porta potty
what do you do in the summertime when
all the world is green do you swim in a
pool to keep yourself cool or swing in
the trees is that what do you do so do I
set your microphone oh good morning
today we are getting ready for day three
of summer camp for packing lunches and
putting on our swimsuits and getting
ready to go anyway I have some really
good news today for the first time since
janae was born there you are that's you
I am wearing it pre-pregnancy pants okay
they're really shorts but their
pre-pregnancy shorts guys oh I'm pretty
excited about it because that means my
wardrobe just doubled like I have more
clothes I can wear it's exciting okay
thanks listening sohow summer keep going
good and tired how about you at least
what do you thinking about summer camp
all right so here's how the biome boxes
turned out here's our giant Pacific
Ocean box because it's the largest ocean
here's the southern ocean box of some
penguins oh I like when you open that
one that's cool and here's the Arctic
Ocean the two layers I love these I love
seeing what the kids create
awesome so my friend set up a giant slip
slide in her backyard and a kiddie pool
the kids are having so much fun it is so
fun to be wet when it's not out what are
you guys doing
oh there's the hot tub now all I need is
Georgie alright so this treat is ice
cream blue Gatorade a sprite and swedish
fish and the kids are having an indoor
picnic because it is hot outside
and because my friends are brave Doritos
not very crafty so I don't usually go to
craft stores but it's kind of fun to go
every once in a while and I have a few
things I need to pick up I'm hoping that
they have seashells
Blaine with him just go to the beach and
get some seashells but you could buy him
in the Midwest
there's pumpkin in the story they're
getting ready for Halloween
it's crazy with all the seashell stuff I
found all right so we're having lettuce
wraps for dinner tonight it's a beef
stir-fry
so good and then I'm also doing some
honey chicken with it so we're gonna add
these to rice and then wrap them up in
lettuce hence the name lettuce wraps so
I'm out shopping tonight for supplies
for my turn to host summer camp in a few
days and I saw something I've never seen
before check this out it's called a
survive a storm shelter you would buy
one of these things and you have your
own personal tornado shelter whoa
yeah I'm not gonna shut this store I
might get stuck this feels a little bit
like a port-a-potty it's really echoey I
can see your people to fit in here
so anyway I'm headed into Home Depot
right now I'm looking for some sand I'm
wanting to make some sand play-doh
anything I'm hoping they don't sell the
sand in too big of bags because I don't
feel up to lifting like a 50-pound bag
of sand hopefully they're smaller than
that all right I found it place and oh
this does look heavy but luckily it's
not very expensive
so growing up I went to this kind of a
Home Depot Lowe's store often with my
dad because you know he's Papa he's mr.
Fixit
and I just have great memories of that
like lazy Saturdays while lazy for me
tagging along with my dad and shopping
for things and hearing I love those
things like I literally can't walk
through the store without thinking of
him and as I'm saying this right now I
can't find my car
I'm in the parking lot where's my card
there it is I'm not losing my mind
I should have had like a towel or
something underneath that yeah that sand
is definitely gonna get some sand in our
car
but that cake will just pretend you had
to teach so I finally got the kids to
sleep and Kendra and I are heading out
on that date and I took a shower for the
first time in three days I've been super
busy so the date will be better but he
just told me like I need to remember to
shower like no matter how busy you are
like it does not feel good to not shower
you smell good
so there's so many good options I have
seven different flavors in here
these are also good guides I have such a
sweet tooth and this is such a great way
guys there's cupcake bytes there and
this is hot fudge those are little mini
cupcakes
Oh mine's like twice the size of yours
yeah so I think I overdid it seven
flavors is too many my tongue doesn't
know like that my brain can't register
all the different flavors yeah it's just
going crazy so I kept it pretty simple I
did a base of cheesecake and birthday
cake batter and coconut and then I added
toppings amber babysat the kids for did
they do okay Unni can you say goodnight
say jay has down girls night we are
shopping
