little girls night we are shocked
Elise is building towers for Jenna to
knock down sweetie can you did it it's
yummy girl what do you think I know so
fun to play with sister huh these baby
blocks have been with us for all the
kids he was actually like a citizen mean
she wants to chew on one proficiency
that's what her favorite thing to do go
friend me join that block get it
mr. can't she called this morning we are
headed to see Life Aquarium we've never
been there before we we so sorry forgot
so few I love having amber they're doing
the girl hair
those are real fish the glasses in
between so the water doesn't get on it
cool though I think those goblet might
be a little too big
if you feel that
whoa I didn't even notice these things
down here looking on the work you tell
me movie I don't know how these people
have to learn more about it so here
seems shorter there seems longer okay
look at this fish what is it for what
look at it came up with this it is an
eel these are just creepy unfortunately
all of this only validates my fear of
swimming la crescent burning and I love
you
Eileen Laura was scared to drive so
amber went with her there we go oh now
you want to stay in oh my god I do not
understand how that works
on that tablet the kids are he's having
a chance to design their own fish and
then they project those fixes they just
design onto the big screen over here and
they can still find it they're sorted
starfish to me we're looking for Isaac's
purple crab oh right there right now
they have to find it out here I'll just
you find it me
his deployments back when students are
busy oh I love the measurements on it
you make a blue jellyfish the aquarium
was awesome it ends in a beautiful gift
shop I do not want my children to touch
or fig for anything
well we made it home and janae slept
instead of cry but other children were
whining and compensated for the silence
somebody said the kiddos existing today
it almost sounds like a laugh I mean a
crime is she's definitely happy are you
what sport are you studying this time
Pocky I want to get top
alright hockey is up next devouring
information as always here's the house
like Caleb any leaf built will turn at
me it's night time here is your door a
dance room for dolls
yeah so that's the playroom we have
float turrets but you have over men I
got an idea
whatever whenever there's like visitors
over I said I recognized that toilet
all right so for our summer camp project
this afternoon Lisa can you film oh
we're making a wire oh yeah a biome box
of what the ocean which one separately
Kayla can you tell me why we're using
such a big box you have substances
things out of him instead they against
anything yep and this is Kayla's idea to
use this giant box I think what are you
making yes
jellyfish Caleb just came up with a
genius idea to turn the box over to
paint the ceiling you're very smart
kiddo
well Isaac's working on some coral Lisa
Dalton looks awesome well what are you
painting Caleb Aliyah so for dinner
tonight I'm making one of Jeremy's the
favorites which is this dish that has
chicken and bacon and cheese and
mushrooms and some mustard sauce it's
really good anyway we're gonna have it
with potatoes and whatever other side's
I have a chance to throw together but
I'm excited to be making something that
he enjoys because he's been working so
hard lately I just I'm glad that he'll
have a dinner he likes you know he likes
everything Jeremy thinks that anything
with bacon is better hey Laura do you
hear that
yeah would it sound like what's that
noise that's the sound of bacon ah
it's bacon cooking did you trace this
elese yeah you did not trace if you drew
it yes
Oh mom that is so cute
can't wait to see them in there okay oh
my goodness Isaac what are those garden
eels that is so smart so I just want to
take a drink out of my cup and look
what's on it
what is that I know you didn't come from
digits loose is your Laura kind of
creeped out by it
oh okay well
well I think I'm going to get a new
glass of water for no reason so dinners
done but Jeremy's not quite done with
work yet so we're kind of stalling but I
don't want to stall too long that the
food is cold I decided to add some rolls
so we're baking up some old dinner
dinner chicken dinner all right well
Jeremy is not ready yet but we are
you're dying we are going to dig in and
he will join us shortly I got his plate
all made he'll be up any minute okay
mark says a prayer
the man is home and the same shirt I
think yesterday because I got up and
started working and that's the last
thing I know that's why we're having it
as we love you and because you work on
this right here no I don't know off the
moxa dad
no I mind doing sunglasses if you see
that you gave me so mad cute let me put
them back in the car and then we'll
water change all right so amber and I
are out tonight a little girls night we
are shopping let's do this first stop
maurices I like that down
all right apparently amber is a good
influence on me because I'm being
decisive we've only been on the store
for like five minutes maybe and I
already chose and buying these pants and
we're going and we look at some shoes
but we're going to put a hold on them
remember my main I have not been in a
bath and Bodyworks for years so we're
going to go in and we're going to smell
all the smells because that's kind of
fun to do everyone smell I get so
confused in that store because
everything smells good how am I supposed
to make decisions she found this
clearance
oh it's called sensational amber you
bring much have to get that we're ending
our night at lilo Zagan and I'm getting
a soda and now in cookie days now I have
to get a cookie when you arrive already
at coconut when like Kovac needs a
refill my son is studying good ending to
a today it was a day we got really lucky
we came right before the line but okay
my dream is success alright so this one
is called the tropical Shirley I already
drank some and this is a root beer that
has coconut and cream in it what they
has actually been a really long day the
kids had some great moments with them
but we also really struggled so I was
really grateful to Amber and I got to
escape for a little while tonight and
just enjoy some adult time during the
kitchen bitch I'll be surviving
that's all for tonight okay how so how
does it go in
sounds like life is going around in
canvas city of it checking all the parts
of your hair menorah I feel embarrassed
