how does it go it sounds like life is
going around in canvas city event
checking all the parts of your hair miss
Lora I feel embarrassed so we got out
the jumper for janae she is she grew
opening at the smoothie this morning
meeting the breakfast already or for
cancer you need to put it in your ear
left you ready for me to turn it on
course have this mini turnout oh really
I can get Sir Paul kind of power yeah
there's kind of Bauer how does it make
it so rare tasty
sometimes super healthy stuff tastes a
little weird yeah why this guy's summer
camp shirt and why did you make that
it's today's summer camp so my niece
amber after the union stayed with us
instead of going back to her home in
Arizona she's going to be helping us up
for a little bit we're really excited to
have what she's always doing awesome
stuff with the girls what's this called
me this is a Dutch braid and right
handed to Dutch come on next yeah yeah
man yeah I just put gel in my hair
well the kids pack their lunches and we
are here for our first day of summer
camp yeah
is this the girl cows so this is our
fifth year doing summer camps together
and we have so much fun with it it's a
do-it-yourself summer camp this is me
and two other moms and good friends and
all of our kids which we have a lot of
kids so it's like 12 kids and this
year's theme is ocean so we're going to
learn about ocean animals and open
exploration and tides and currents and
we're going to play with water and slime
and sand and also a white
so for the first day of summer camp the
kids prepared a report about a sea
animal they were assigned to different
sea creature each and then they had to
make something I learned five facts
about them
first up we're making sand slime
the sand slime okay did you guys need
more sand
okay good I think it's safe to say that
the Sam time was a success and a menace
to my friend made this awesome ocean
themed desert I've had it once before
itself mazing a calm sand pudding
it's like dirt cake but the vanilla
version so good so Kendra just got a
text message that one of the little
girls at church that Laura plays with
has lice head lice and that Laura and
this little group we're sharing a crown
Laura was laying on my pillow like four
hours ago and my head my head is
starting to itch basically we're in a
disinfect the entire house yeah we have
to burn everything how does that work
gonna burn the place down and start over
it's just crazy that when you hear
something like that like your head
starts you know I can see your wife you
probably your head is probably inching
right now poor question when we start
talking about life does your head does
your head itch let us know in the fall
like have you ever had life I had it
once I was super young so I have no
memory of it my poor mama to deal with
it
so Kendra's looking up online stuff
about life she was saying it takes four
days for you to see the life is that how
that works I don't know I'm still
learning about it but we're not taking
any chances
I read wash the sheets in hot water and
dry them in heat here's the dress she
was wearing at church and and the other
thing about Laura is she puts on tons of
outfits every day she'll be wearing six
outfits in a day so we have to find all
of those clothes and wash them so I just
found out that there are some kids in
your nursery class at church who have a
bug in their hair where it's called lice
and it's a bug that lives in your hair
Shh it doesn't itch is where in your
hair no wearing your hair like
everywhere in your hair there's bugs and
they lay eggs in your hair the buckling
place is in my hair do you think they
did yeah so we're going to take you to a
special appointment to check your head
for head lice what are you thinking that
what do you think of bugs in your hair
yeah well they're like a better cook we
do like eggs that are cooked but these
are different kind of eggs do you think
there's any bugs or eggs in your hair so
have you ever had lice before yep so
we're going to take you with Laura to
the appointment and they're going to
check through your whole hair and make
sure that you don't have any mice so she
hears that don't tickle play here how
are you feeling about this yeah I'm kind
of nervous
we're going to use this say set okay
here special kind of a comb you're doing
such a great job you want a home and
your brave girl get your hair out
it doesn't take your hair out it looks
for bugs
checking all the parts of your hair miss
Lora
so that's a really fine comb to see if
they find anything any bother
no bugs you know some of us under here
it smells pretty recommend okay spray it
on your hair no bud so we're that's
great news
no see that does no good that smells
like toothpaste so we decided to go
ahead and get both girls check while
we're here just to be things your hair
is the nice and curly now okay issue a
quick melona to you it does look kind of
like mallanna's hair
it's a special sign Kong yeah I can
Larry
yeah oh yeah something you think you
could literally use that for your hair
Wow when I grow up not be fun not scary
at all
well sounds like life is going around in
Kansas City of it and so even if we
don't have it today I think I'm going to
stay on high alert extra paranoid just I
don't want to get like nobody you are
life free we see what happened like a
step your hair got stuck in the door
okay we open it for you with the wind
when she was shutting the door for
Lucy's hair got stuck
you okay punkin yeah maybe we should
think about cutting your hair yeah so
Isaac got a drone for his birthday and
he's just busting it out
that was a quick
nice you don't have wine good what's
right here together what if I have low
yeah it still never a great yeah
that's great news you know I'll have to
burn everything in the house sure like
the life store actually has been very
busy I'd better
they said life is going all around
probably good business plan for them to
spread lace every once in a while well
the girls wanted to know what a life bug
actually looked like so I looked it up
on my phone is actually want to see what
they look like
yes yeah wait is that on this hair that
is on a hair how'd you like to have
those in your hair okay well here's what
a life looks like and it lives in hair
like a memorizing here it feeds off of
hair or the scalp somehow that's how it
lives does it eat I don't know we're
gonna have to learn more about it I
don't want no one else's
okay it's time for the summer camp pool
party today is decked out in her new
little outfit because she already
outgrew or other cute swimsuit because
babies grow too bad anyway the kids and
I are swimming and unfortunately Jeremy
couldn't tell them he is still busy
working so we're going to eat pizza and
think of him and I'm really grateful
Amber's here because the extra hand it
makes a big difference around the water
there's Isaac lazy how's it going home
damn Rick you can get it slim thank you
for you live
hey beautiful which amazing should I
know
are you doing what are you eating hey
birthday cake I've got some good
frosting on it well the evening did not
go very well I had two different kids
throw tantrums at the pool and so we had
to leave unexpectedly which did not go
over well and it was just rough I'm I'm
really grateful I have awesome friends
and they helped me scoop up the kids and
grab the flip-flops and just get us out
of there because the kids need to go
home in fact one of the tantrum in kids
eventually started crying it was like
I'm just tired and I think we've just
had so much going on lately and I feel
embarrassed it's embarrassing when your
kids behave that way but I also know
that it happens to everybody
so I'm trying not to be too hard on
myself but I do feel that like that
oh no we're ruining these kids what are
we doing wrong why are they acting this
way but if I can keep that feeling at
bay and just try to love them and stay
calm which is easier said than done
we usually survive so luckily Jeremy was
here to help me when I got home with
like giving the kids to bed and of
course Amber's in here which is awesome
but I was able to take some time and
just shower and kind of decompress and
now I'm looking ahead at the rest of our
week and we have a busy week ahead and I
think if I don't want to have more
meltdowns and just emotional struggles
from everyone in my family I think I
need to look ahead and say okay let's
pare this down a little bit because a
jam-packed schedule overwhelmed kids
overall and parents it doesn't make
things happy sure you do a lot of stuff
that is not happy so I think I'm going
to try to figure out how to simplify for
the rest of this week and just recognize
that we all need some time and anyway
sorry not a very happy ending to a vlog
but it's a day you know there were great
moments today and there were harder
moments
now inspected and we'll be getting in
tomorrow dasa now that we're home from
every union the next big thing we have
coming up
you
