now that we're home from the reunion the
next big thing we have coming up
good morning the aftermath of a reunion
we are cleaning up and packing up and to
be ready to go
it's crazy we've been looking forward to
this family reunion for two years and
now it's over it's just crazy how that
happens and you know you look back on
the time and did I make the most of it
you know did I reach out and and connect
and talk to and love and just try to
find those opportunities with each
member of my family to let them know how
much we love them so anyway family
reunions are always a good time luckily
there's always the next reunion and get
together to look forward to including my
goodness we're collecting and looking
for all the sundry items that we lost
most importantly right now Caleb
we're driving away but we get to take
our memories with them how's that for
cheating it's just the beginning Jesus
was here because then you would tell me
where to put it
he is like this
I know they really are they look a
little bit more like reindeer than usual
so their owners fall off every year and
then they grow back in the spring and in
the summer they're very like that we're
home the little girls are both napping
they're so exhausted from this week and
the big kids are all watching a movie
with their cousins which leaves Jeremy
to Woking and me to getting everything
unpacked
I'm personality that it soon as we get
home boom I want everything unpacked and
so I'm on my second load of laundry
already and I think I'm almost there but
luckily we're going to get to have more
playtime tonight
all right so now that we're home from
the reunion the next big thing we have
coming up you know what it is it's EDX
lab we're going to CBS this is the
YouTube conference in Salt Lake City and
this is going to be the first time at
CVX live we're all going to be together
as a family as during our super fan
experience so you should check it out
we're calling it the J house party so
you guys could be fun to do during the
super fan experience playing games and
friends yeah we were thinking of
bringing like props to do funny pictures
where we like have different outfits so
you can get the tickets or CVX live and
the superfan experience over at CVX LED
calm we'll put a link below and they
have it set up where the tickets for the
superfan experience get more expensive
the longer you wait to do it so if
you're thinking about coming you would
want to get the tickets as soon as
possible
hope to see you there Wow
you pick the dress but this is one of
Jeremy's brothers is being so nice and
mowing our lawn for us you have a great
family
hey Missy hey mom I guess for carmine
yeah so what why are you wearing your
swimsuits
because what MA
oh we're gonna go swimming so then what
arts on your head yeah oh you have hair
what's on top of your hair what is it
and it has plastic oh it has pockets
that's cool what's its job what does it
do to clean that basement
does it keep your head warm nope
please I'm a head whenever here's tiger
skin who is this the cleans the basement
your hat cleans the basement that is a
pretty cool magical hat so jeremy has a
brother and sister that are getting into
editing and they wanted to be able to
edit with Jeremy today and so while
she's editing a video they're hanging
out with him I think they're having a
pretty good time here it is the editing
crew Geoffrey a grants video to dressers
hello just saying hello to everybody
just editing music Thank You Lee yes
that's it Jerry
we got in there I think this is more fun
than Jeremy usually hands
Java it's playtime at the gin and looks
like the game of speed is up first
some people call it knockout I've also
heard it called bump basically
competitive free throws event
she means her little head just make it
was a little bow on it
hi hello another blank sharks and
minnows
one of the tough things were throwing
pizza for 30 people is how much pizza
should you get we actually use an online
Pizza calculator that's a thing and
we're hoping we have enough we had eight
extra large people this is my favorite
it's called the grilled chicken club
it's got chicken and bacon and tomatoes
this is Jeremy's favorite it's go work
supreme pizza pepperoni and cheese now
so now we're playing basketball and I
got to get on
Oh
so while we're playing basketball can
yourself a little barricade over here
for the little ones
Michael and Laura oh my really good
okay where'd you get we got panna cotta
with Piniella and and I walked over the
place so every night during a Fender
reunion we stayed up late talking
playing games and it is my favorite part
of being together with a family and just
loving each other having fun together
and it's the best and tonight it's at
our house so we're seeing as we can pack
30 people into our house and family can
sleep here we're still trying to get a
group they can hear the apartment they
know that more fun is opening so wish us
luck
