good morning hi you think you got
rolling around digging the day off with
a family hike but we got a caravan up to
the hiking spot so it's going to be a
long line of minivans driving up to
where we're going
exactly five any man's around girls are
cool
what happened to doing it the best part
is today is not screaming the car today
she is what are you doing I hey everyone
what do you think Caleb what are you
doing I walk you're right that's cool
did you pick some flowers it was a 3d so
on the hike nor I got tired and just sat
down like I'm done
so poppy rod is carrying her up my
family loves to sing together
did you hear singing Laura you are so
stinking cute
I adore iam mrs. Laura you're so
beautiful oh and I mean extract what are
you guys doing we're making fun rocks
next job that what's happening when you
bound them together
yeah and there's a light spots and
houses concerning to cool this is our
fire we got some rocks and sticks you
can't actually light it though Caleb
okay what if we put a rock so we can
ride it you only light fires in the
fireplace or the fire pit to that fire
pit over there
every launch for 35 people is no small
task
so these sandwiches are called Hawaiian
sliders the Julie is applying the
Hawaiian goodness I don't know if it's
Hawaiian but it's poppy seeds happiness
she's bringing on the chip yeah
blaka moly chips we see what he makin
angel food cake to monopoly we're not
horse awfully even better what's it
called
laughing or gameplay what are you doing
Caleb showing your ass doesn't your abs
my red rig yeah so then where's your abs
there's your ad love your hair
Superman hasn't called a six-pack I
haven't won you have a one pack there it
is the one pack you guys going to feed
the deer
she's Lincoln you nice care she likes
this river give as yumminess all over it
look at my leg ah let's do me yeah I got
Micro mushy oh they like your shirt well
there you go Lois if you like this block
they like the gloss on top or
why
we're back out at the lake
caleb you are kayaking like a champ how
do you like it
I think it's been two hours of the kids
playing on this thing non-stop cool like
if you get all scared I'm on a team
sometimes those little kids on trips it
can be tempting to think thoughts like
I'm missing out on all the fun
because you know I've raised up the lake
or everybody's playing games or
everybody's just getting to visit and
hang out and talk and I'm busy maybe
changing diapers or feeding a kid or
chasing down a kid or helping find a
shoe or you know any number of things
that the kids need but while Jeremy's
been up at the lake with the three big
kids this afternoon
I've been here with the two little girls
and napping and it's just been a really
special time like as an introvert it's
kind of nice to get this down time to
rest and be in air-conditioning and just
kind of have some alone time it's also
been really tender just to look at them
and realize how quickly they're going to
grow up like this is just a season and
it's a beautiful season and pretty soon
they're going to be out running and
playing and I'm going to have more time
to do hands-on things but for right now
I get to cuddle my babies and I'm really
grateful to that did you come to play in
the lake Wow how would you map so we're
playing spike ball now I am not very
good at it I haven't done a very much
poll question have you played spike ball
before
we are
so we're out here waiting for fireworks
so they put on here at the ranch how are
you feeling about the fireworks excited
it might be kind of loud you okay with
that
okay you try why is it just the noise
what is it so in past years our kids
have gotten pretty nervous about
fireworks but I'm hoping they'll do well
tonight we're with a bunch of family and
they all seem excited about it
are you doing
here we go here we go is it on the graph
okay so we're all lighting lanterns to
go you holdin did he leave no not quite
yet there have to get filled up
until they come down
some of our babies have been scared of
fireworks oh I didn't know how can a we
do this is so great
I didn't believe I we brought some of
our own fireworks it's kind of fun about
fireworks is is the excitement in the
color and will someone's hand blown up
hey backward I might invite and we'll
the fireworks fall over and fly right
towards my Josie it's always exciting
and adventurous we're getting ready for
that after the fireworks and I go to
open the door to the kids room and it's
locked
here's the problem Laura locked it and
then shut the door so nobody's actually
in there to unlock it and I don't know
how to unlock this style a locked door I
can't even reach up there to see if
there's a key or I can feel it oh okay I
got it I went in again with the wooden
thing and kind of fiddled around and
poke and voila now you guys can go to
bed aren't you so happy oh okay because
they're not happy but I'm happy at
bedtime
jabba can experience a show
ah
