training skills they show
good morning we are up early this
morning before most of the family of the
wake and then taking some time to do
some yoga and just enjoy the quietness
of being here Laura no oh my kids are
still here so there's still plenty of
noise that Jeremy is watching them per
minute so I can have some quiet come on
time the warning come on hunt repeat
that savage what do you think of this
place waffle going to go out by the lake
we're going to play some games first and
then go to the lake you want to go watch
them go Travis play the piano
during our morning devotional we decided
to all sit on the stairs the Jeremy has
a new toy he's playing with this morning
stabilizer it's a pretty cheap one I
don't know how to use it but I'm trying
I basically have the moves down such a
mess there we go and there's everybody
some people go to Disneyland for dinner
if we just sit on the chairs
that's always how we start our spiritual
talk so story I want to share with you
guys is from the Bible I think it's one
you guys know pretty well story of
Joseph in Egypt
well Travis's devotional the family was
really touching Elizabeth their daughter
has been having a lot of health problems
she's on a feeding tube there's been
food or liquid going into her lungs and
they're trying to figure it out so she
can grow and develop and he was asking
for us as a family to join together with
our faith to pray for miracles for her
to be able to be healed for her
treatment to be successful and I just
feel grateful that that's what family is
all about is us coming together to mourn
together about the suffering of each
other and to pray for faith together to
see miracles happen and I'm grateful to
be a part of that and my family when I
was just really touched by it and and we
invite you to join with us to pray for
baby Elizabeth so that she can recover
from what she's going through
game is hilarious we are you dancing
forest Laura found a flower it's
beautiful but my favorite game of tag is
called partner tag everybody gets a
partner and then you run around like you
the game is the best because everybody
can get involved in play through the
grandparents get the babies more where
we headed
where are you excited to swim in the
lake PA vines training skittles they
show you're scared of the Sharks yeah
Laura did you know that there's not any
sharks in the lake there's only yeah
just - no shark they do have teeth
especially where catch him no fish won't
get you hey I am yeah they probably just
tickle you and they don't want to be by
you they want to run away and hide so
the truth is that I'm absolutely
terrified of swimming with fish like so
much so that I'm not even wearing a
swimsuit right now I'm not planning on
getting in the water because I'm so
scared of fish I like to canoe and kayak
but I don't like to be in the water and
so little Laura was all nervous I'm like
oh don't worry about the fish and inside
I'm like we all have your rational fears
let us know in the comments and fear you
have this kind of funny line fish this
is lightning lightning is really scary
though fish aren't fish you're scary
so people give you heard of piranhas
there yeah the shark in the lake
do I get in the lake no sharks in the
lake
Barney oh you have just nice fish I want
to smell attracts to see are you a
sailor say ahoy are boogity taffy
so one of Kendra's all-time favorite
things is kayak
here that there's a simile you doing it
Laura
Denise women
okay this looks like too much fun I
don't care if I'm scared of fishes I'm
going to go in and then I swim in the
lake people I'm going to do getting it
she's going to do it
despite the fish I figure they've
already scared away all of it I think so
and murky yeah it is warm
I got papi ride the funniest part is
that my dad has a toothpick in himself
while doing stuff like classic my dad
Gendron of the theory that if she keeps
taking swimming all the way across the
lake
oh the Kendra just came up to some weeds
in the water in three segments around
expected so it returned wrapped around
my leg and I scream they got away well
besides being attacked by a few
underwater weeds I survived it was
actually really really fun we swam all
the way from one side of the lake to the
other and anyway I really enjoy water
and I love kayaking I just have to
overcome my fear of the fish and the
snakes and just the dark water like you
can't see what's down there Oh Caleb are
you going to help canoe lunch time I
stepped on the sword where is it not a
thorn in your foot oh let me take it out
can i play clash royale so I'm just
great you are so sneaky
sure watch it dad farmer alright well we
got the thorn out how does it feel now
Caleb - well we are packing up to move
to the bunkhouse it's funny because we
weren't supposed to be in this lodge and
honestly it was way nicer than I had
expected
big time and so it was it felt kind of
luxurious to be in here we'll go back to
the place we were supposed to be in and
I just found my earrings on the floor
and I didn't want to freedom so I just
don't one so now I look all fancy in my
workout clothes our new cabin do you
want to continue
yeah the doctor the bunkhouse this is
nice we just came to the bunk house and
I'm loving it it's less luxury but much
more practical for our family's life
right and here's the kicker Elizabeth
and janae are bonding learning hands
like nerds I love my game this is
awesome
a real American student enough swimming
today so they're here in the indoor pool
swimming people hunter is always such a
good teacher our kids were swimming so
family's oldest cousin with the youngest
cousin Hey so right after dinner we're
supposed to be doing family pictures
Jesus clouds back there yeah that's a
storm rolling and we can hear the
thunder we just checked the radar and so
we are going to be flexible and we're
going to quickly take pictures before we
eat dinner a few years ago we took our
family pictures during a snowstorm
we literally have like five minutes like
we ran in we sat down on these steps we
took two pictures and we got done and
they turned out great so hopefully this
will just be like a quick five minute
picture experience and done the grand
kid picture are the grumpy Humphrey rude
now i smelly face
I think that works
what we successfully survived the
pictures and we beat this storm I think
that was maybe a world record for family
pictures with 35 people like that only
took like maybe 15 minutes so we'll see
how they turn out I'm ready for the big
battle
so there's this gorgeous amphitheater
right on the lake and we're going to do
our lip-sync battle here tonight all
right up first in the lip-sync battle is
Travis naturally in their children crazy
this is the genin a song I can hear you
Troy
I have two kids
tonight - out see Lord where are we
going come on kids
