hey Laura where we going to my world
morning we are all packed up in the car
today because we're headed to Jeremy's
family reunion at the family union with
his side of the family his dad and his
stepmom are going to be there his mom
and stepdad are going to be there are
all of his siblings have siblings
loads of cousins and lots of lots of fun
so we just pulled over on the side of
the freeway because janae will not stop
screaming
so Jeremy has her out of the car seat
just kind of trying to sue there for a
minute and somebody pulled over to try
to help us just so sweet people are so
nice
oh dear we've had two more people stop
now is he calm down calm I don't know
I'm gonna eat your name that was really
nice people to check on her
I think that they were concerned that
I'm not kidnapping a baby
she's like you just want to see anybody
with the baby out defendants like it
must have been my socks
maybe the headphones in my hair's made
me look like a little tool again back on
the road again screaming baby
hopefully the dragon gratefully it's
only like another
yes I know Isaac my Road app we're here
all right moral Ranch this is the place
yeah there's a little deer right there
right next to the side of the room more
where we go in
it's a baby deer their stage this is
your flooring our location it's called
moral ranch and there's a lot of
different cabins and this is the main
eating area is gorgeous Wow
so for the family reunion we're supposed
to be staying in a bunkhouse for the
week which is like a big house with a
bunch of different rooms but
unfortunately it's not available yet
tonight something happened with the
reservation which is totally fine
because instead they've upgraded us to
the lodge so here's one of the two rooms
our family staying in tonight and then
we'll pack up and move tomorrow has a
lot store out onto this gorgeous area
and the other room is the Cathedral
suite
so there's cattle boarding and pedal
boating and kayaking and canoeing and
there's hammocks and there's an indoor
pool in a wood room and baby gear to
look at and grasp to play on and most
importantly family to hang out with that
is obviously does that we're heading to
dinner right now try and Emily desire
and still photos into my siblings
showing up you like we have to see each
other there's just a lot of love which
covers Nora he's heading up to the lodge
we just finished dinner and now Jodi and
I are making dessert and it is a dust
cake you take pineapple and apple and
then you cover it in cake so it's really
yummy make that now okay I am baking
cake and now yes again so when you
travel with five kids it is hard but not
have dressers and just things set up so
we're getting all of the pajamas and
toothbrushes ready they're closed for
tomorrow and in each of the rooms we
have this little rollout bed that we're
using I hope the kids pick out what they
needed to bring but I think any least
packed this suitcase all on their own
I was really impressed and I did agree
my thank you Josh did you forget your
toothbrush yeah I haven't found it yet
so you different gotten sore deep in
here somewhere
where do you want to go to the talent
show yeah
Oh
the cake is done we can't find hot pads
anywhere in the kitchen so we're getting
creative we have a towel and notice a
spatula pull the rack out first you know
there's looking great that's all hot
pads are is glorified towels
having a great time so I remember as a
young boy my mom would read to us a book
about my great-great-grandfather and it
was really important to her to teach us
about our family and music was always a
huge part of that story so tonight at
the end of the talent show my mom told
us all some of the stories about our
ancestors and I love having my kids hear
those stories and that they are
interested and loved to learn about it
it's not just an accident that all of my
family loves music and it's passionate
about making music and it's something
that a part of has been a part of our
family for a really long time
janay is definitely not laughing for
attention at this reunion Laura did you
get some dessert
what what did you catch
I caught one I got a fourth dress on and
firefight here like you guys picking
flowers Laura I love flowers for me
we're missing a flower for all just ask
people if they want flower if they say
yes we'll give them notice anything you
should say they know okay any time you
can come back you can get a flower that
I can get the guys they have asked it
looks like you cut your hair so today we
have 11 kids under the age of 9
