it looks like you cut your hair so today
we have 11 kids under the age of 9
with friends in town we initially had
planned to go to a splash pad or maybe
swimming so with the weather today we're
going to have to change things up a bit
Jeremy's cooking the eggs and the bacon
and in here we've got our breakfast kick
here just am in my business Canyon baby
deer family Tim and Anna and their
little cherry Chloe and there's a bunch
of hint about yeah what's up here yeah
and Anna is pregnant right now with
their seventh child so we are having a
ton of fun
Kevin burned so carrots and Chloe of
their own accord have their goggles on
and they're trying to help take care of
baby janae we have microphones out here
Wow Tim and I are going to shoot a video
yep Tim's going with them like okay so
Tim and I are doing a video about the
legal YouTube stuff oh yeah remember
every no I I wish big Posada medical me
back to the water matter how hard I try
and I think you said it would be best if
I know what I got have to spend on you
you have 11 a little kids in the house
it really doesn't feel that chaotic like
they're doing great and playing nicely
with each other it's funny how it can
sound like such a big an overwhelming
number so it's really not that big of a
deal once they're playing and these are
great kids
I think that makes a big difference what
did you make okay
oh is the pretty butterfly where are you
going to keep it oh how did you make all
those butterflies they look like yummy
cookies so to hear that that is the
almost silent attack okay
was it being so rainy we decided to just
come down to our church we have a gin
here and we're just going to play it fun
good job buddy
miss Lora where we going next yes let's
do it
so when we have friends come to stay
with us we tend to eat a lot of the same
juice so we just picked up some Minsky
sweets and we're going to go home and
eat that at the Kansas City gourmet
pizza place and we love the variety of
fun flavors we can try there but we also
attend to eat the same breakfast foods
and even the same dinner foods and
that's because it takes a lot of
thinking to figure out what to feed
people and so just decided those are my
go-to meals like if you're here with us
for breakfast then you're going to eat
breakfast cake and eggs and fruit and if
you're here with us for dinner or
chances are we're going to have tacos
because it's a crowd-pleaser and kids
eat it really well that's something I've
done so I can enjoy having company more
and not get stressed by it looks like
you cut your hair but as crazy does your
hair like Hannah's now yeah that was
tricky looking like they have hair maybe
we should cut it so today we're taking
the older kids to compassion
international gives them the opportunity
to see what it would be like to be in a
third world country I'm excited for kids
to have this perspective at least a
glimpse of what it might be like we are
I hope you're going to be in like
different wait like how other people
have like wow it's not how we found erst
you know that is means they don't have
enough food Hey some children violence
prohibition to me this is real kid and
we're going to hear about his real life
right now you gotta switch no more tears
you cry
cry Jesus help me to see your heart one
long but if I should die before how was
how was what we did going to help you I
could learn how to eat rather well would
you begin of what you learn from it was
a hard life after Shamim had malaria
what happened to her
yeah she couldn't hear I love that this
gives the kids a chance early stop and
think about what it would be like to be
a kid in Guatemala where Uganda and to
feel grateful for all that we have and
to try to make a difference those big
gloves anyone giant so right next to the
compassion experience they have this
opportunity to make meals for people in
Haiti who need food and now take your
other hand there you go right in there
the droppings of each bag that we're
preparing here is six meals for people
so these meals are for people in Haiti
and the team is actually done like three
times trying to eat rod next time oh
that's awesome
but yep
all right well now it's raining pretty
good out here
as long as there's no lightning we're
going to let them play out here wait a
minute are you making secret plans yeah
it is I didn't want to say any dad get
mad no joke oh you guys are wet hey it's
time to dry up and come in and have
dinner tonight
tacos Jeremy is finished Hannah but
don't let them fool you high country
just when I'm dancing bring the kids in
bring it in kids come on dance it in
yeah jaqen it hi boys
so Dan and I decided to come out for a
little girls night let the boys for the
kids to bed and we came out to shaved
ice because she is craving shaved ice
and energized so we come out but it's
closed because the weather and earlier
today the weather was terrible so that
makes sense but now the weather is good
I want to show you guys so we decided to
google it and we are going on an
adventure to a new place called Miami a
beautiful city that is a difficult thing
so it's pretty success we found a snow
cone place to run a part of town I've
never been to before but GPS got us here
and here's my snow cone and it even has
custard at the bottom the flavors I
chose are blue raspberry watermelon
birthday cake and tigress blood which is
apparently a mixture of flipping
prevention coconuts we have been talking
and it is late and now we're out of time
so we're going to go to bed but it has
been so awesome to be with them the sh
movies we live unique live you know
homeschooling lots of kids being on
YouTube it's so great to be with people
who understand that and are just
wonderful people so we will see you guys
tomorrow but you won't see them tomorrow
so if you want to see that tomorrow you
need to go over to their Channel and say
hello Jay how's that good
you
