it's a joke
so Isaac's birthday party what are we
doing we are going to urban air thank
you gentlemen
so I think really wanted to have an
American Ninja Warrior birthday party
but I didn't know how to recreate that
kind of thing at home and so I was
really excited when I found that our
area trampoline part urban air has a
ninja warrior court they're loving it
starting off I had a party with some
dodgeball
all through American Ninja Warrior look
bill so the Ninja Warrior course has
four different lanes with different
obstacles and bingsu on each one they
have a timer button that you hit the
green light to start when you run
through and hit the red light when you
finish and the goal is go through the
whole course about falling off onto the
green at Matt's
good job
we decided to keep the party really
simple because that's what nine old boys
like we are jumping on the trampoline we
are eating pizza and we are eating candy
we'll party done
oh okay
so Caleb and Laura are too young to do
the ninja course it's a bit giving them
so they have this awesome indoor
playground that we are loving hard to
keep track
to go down into it
on the tree I was worried the trampoline
park be too busy it's not plenty of room
to play plenty of stuff to do
and I would stand for Isaac to open his
presents from his friends SuperSonics
world actually turn
Isaac wanted some fruity soda blueberry
and strawberry I'm mixing mine oh yeah
purple has refused to Laura mix you want
purple alright so this is the first time
we're trying to have Janae's sit up on
her own what no it's so long trying to
tell thank you gentlemen - it might take
for the girl Isaac is looking at his
cards you've got a good one oh yeah
uncle Brant is a big sports fan as well
Isaac loves to chats for it's with uncle
Brant frog who have you got it
he wants to take
back out doing it south gate of jr to
know my every every bet is caleb dude
kick so instead of cake Isaac wanted
candy for his dessert for his birthday
party
he picked these candies and poll
question which of these would you want
the most
so first time if anyone dude just candy
I was trying to convince them just a
non-toxic cake or have an ice cream or
something fancy but he just wanted candy
and I'm grateful cause it's really easy
this is how we're doing is a Kendall
Kendall
there's the candy bars at Three
Musketeers that's what he wanted easy so
sure listen mom wanted a picture the
moms want picture one two three happy
birthday
so we did a poll question with the
viewers of what their favorite candy was
of all of the options here
well at least five of them what's your
favorite I haven't tried all of them
after one down but so far a dozen Alison
I'm a little bit nervous that all
becomes a little sick from oldest candy
I'm trying to limit it but I made the
internet a very beautiful design you've
got going on there well Isaac's friends
had left and now he's playing with the
toys he got how was your party
I love the idiot candy that was fun yay
Oh
