yeah it's foggy huh right
yeah here the clouds came all the way
down to the earth
good morning today is a special day
because it's Isaac's birthday she's nine
years old I really can't believe that
we're getting his birthday breakfast
ready he requests a cinnamon roll
hard-boiled eggs and fruit happy
birthday to you did you see what you got
you hafta go you're welcome in your
trinket cake thank you presents time
that one is back MA
I may have helped her with it I hope you
learned anything today it's like a
YouTube play button but it says play
outside
yeah she's trying to evict I don't know
what's going on but happy birthday
this one's from Laura we're at Wow
thank you all enjoy and thank you
favorite candy bar what flavor is this
one it's a whining sweet really yes yeah
after you tell us what we could test on
me I can build it once then Yin I can't
act harshly it's your birthday grandpa
buddy we are proud of you and mommy you
love you puppy teeth anger any joke
happy birthday I think I love you so
much and I love then you are funny and
you are the best
wow that's a big and cool picture
oh yeah thank you
Oh oh good yeah happy birthday attic Oh
Joel Wow thank you this one's from Papa
and mugga it's all the goofy songs I can
play in this how are you thank you
grandma
grand us her parents in Detroit Mew
I'm going to do some of these are at
your level
yeah and it's watermelon I've actually
never had a watermelon starburst
violence my cat is our berry
is this a drone it is yes it is drone
and I'm hiring coronal control Caleb I'm
so sharing this with you you will love
Wow
so it's a mini one you can fly it inside
and do barrel rolls and stunts with it
really new in the Papa yes
the excited Papa move but you're going
to have to try to beat me pretty soon
what is it timeline history game so it
has all the dates of Inventure and you
made another hot air balloon you have to
learn the dates of everything to win
what we thought you might like that like
it love it I was a history buff
he loves beep so again the last
presentation you got a piece of paper
call this in there you guys figure it
out it's not a treasure hunt again
is it by the buck did you buy me a new
bike yeah we're going to go we're going
to go you and me and you're going to
pick out your own bike today right now
right now right now you and dad are
going to the store and you're going to
pick out a new bike okay okay one I need
mr. penguin you have memorized how to
get to every store in our town excited
yeah go get a bike so I think really
likes purple this favorite color this is
a very purple by me and we're going to
make brownies for eyes Express they
cheat this is the kind of brownies we're
making because we tried them recently
and they are delicious I know okay open
that box we need two boxes because
family summons you open that bar now in
common yep
can you open this box yeah I know how
what do we need it says up here at the
top four cups water third cup of
vegetable oil and one egg
everybody gets messy sometimes well as I
guess messing with her chubby I think
that's one part about cooking you get a
cook that is I think sometimes the fun
products key is eating yeah good I just
like me
you look like you're going in a circle
good job
these brownie mixes hot chocolate sauce
without cookie I want to eat your brick
laughter in that chocolate bath yeah so
this bike is cool it has six different
gears that Isaac can move between
there you go
well the brownies are done at least I
think they're done I have such a hard
time telling it brandy to finish you're
not I just don't want to burn on but I
don't want to undercook them it's just
hard to tell
hopefully they'll be done and not just a
gooey method oh you want to show me a
bike your gear doesn't look so big yeah
crazy yeah you're huge so we plan to go
swimming at the specific old pool for
Isaac's birthday but unfortunately it's
not that warm out today we still decided
to head out but now as we're driving
there's a lot of clouds and technically
my weather app says when there is no
chance of rain but seriously looks like
recently Oakland on looks like rain sure
your app is right let's do it
there's a nice breeze and it's not even
80 degrees out like I'm not hot they're
letting me come in and just feel the
water to decide if we can do this or not
it's really cold I just don't know if
they'll get used to it even if it's
super cold do you want to do it now it's
not likely we do deploy those fancy yeah
we're gonna head to the park all right
so we'll come back another day
yeah rain check let's go to the parts
that's get me going kind of pretty cool
I can play here all day
I can swing
daddy you're going kind of high you're
like what was that
so we've got a babysitter for the rest
of the kids we're taking Isaac out to a
birthday lunch surprise experience' we
made him a list of a hundred and two
things we love about him and we're just
giving it to him now I think really
loves Glynn and we have a lot of fun
coming up with all these things that we
love about him and there's so many more
things that we love about him Preston
we're lucky to have them in our family
we would love to hear in the comments
things that you love about Cheddar's and
Cheddar's is known for their responses
honey butter school rules even though we
don't have little kids with us I totally
stash some wipes in my first because I
knew our fingers would get messy and we
would want life I think we're going to
buy white forever cousin Arthur
including me so I have been really into
this Search app game lately and so I
just downloaded it so we can play
together I'm not much of an app game
person but I like to play my kid so
that's awesome
so this is Isaac's first time ordering
up to the adult menu and I love that you
chose famine what did you do the salmon
it's good
so we lighted all of our family over for
some brownies and ice cream with Isaac
would you like more what flavor did you
go in gareki's ready which ice cream did
you go ahead
coming up on anything for dinner tonight
mr. Isaac
chose our dinner yeah would you choose I
just pulled pork sandwiches and
watermelon and salad and root beer root
beer is our favorite soda in our family
so whole question what is your favorite
soda let us know up here in bath Isaac
Karissa there was one more thing he
wanted to do he wanted some shaved a
unicorn embark McCandless take it on
I think we wanted to finish them
outright playing Stratego we have a nice
gonna be called Caleb you guys gonna be
killing the ball
no I'm gonna do a different song various
Oh
