is gonna be called tulip you guys going
to be killing the boss no I'm going to
do a different song
there is good morning it is amazing
outside today this weather oh I would
love to live somewhere where this was
the weather every single day we're
starting with bike riding what do you
think Little Miss okay what do you got
three wheels good job the bike crew is
back they are riding all over pretending
to go from one store to the next again
you want to go pet the bunny what's
gonna happen to our mailbox guys thank
you lots of bird poop oh you wanna see
that's a lot of bird poop huh there is
so we've lived in our house for four
years and I've never had a bird poop on
the mailbox problem so this is totally
random like I came out to check the mail
and it's covered like what happened was
there some sort of a burden party yeah I
think I have to clean it off and that's
kind of yucky to me a flock of birds
flew over oh they had like impeccably
good aim all of them I cleaned it off
that looks much better
check out these gorgeous clouds what are
you doing little Missy is it starting to
rain
yeah that was under time to go inside
in maybe Paul is strong with this one
so much for the sunshine that I was
telling you guys that earlier today it
is obviously raining and now thundering
I was planning on like going to a park
and putting a whole day outside so you
broke your ankle oh that's a bummer what
happened like like it's like hopping
well I hope it gets better you can touch
it it's only like hard spring boy all
right let's go inside and find something
to do yeah no go inside Wow
hopefully your broken ankle gets better
and moves on tramp no the shoes those
are shed that Caleb's shoes when the
kids play things that have little parts
and then I usually get out of blanket
and put the blanket on the floor and
then have them play on that so it's just
easier to clean up and I was reaching
the closet to grab one I got this one
and anyway it's a quote that I actually
made before any of the kids were born
we got all the connects to play with
before a mission
so Laura is playing with the kid connect
and we're 40 I know that's a little
funny bad okay I'll try to make this but
I think I put on to use the wrong okay
so this is the one Caleb's trying to
make it the bish oh yes sir steps what
are and does look really hard you're
doing a good job I'll help you please
what are you creating this and it's a
tablet an art tablet hmm
I love this design that's really pretty
hey cub I think your shirt's on inside
out i you're fine
so Isaac built this awesome thing I am
just kind of like a such a spinner I
will have one who goes through the mill
so there's one here money of each one
we're spinning down like that Wow
going in a circle but you Lise made a
bouquet of flowers and I made this in
the Hutchins
that's Jeannette you make yeah hi Junoon
it's like it - yeah yeah babies are
pretty cool daddy I got sunset in my
basket I got that good song
I spent the last 45 minutes not going on
the couch with all three of my girls
we were giggling and singing and
laughing and just having a great time
and you know what inside I know that my
laundry needs to get done the dishes
need to get done for sure the bed needs
to be made I don't care because they're
growing up so fast usually I'm a really
to-do list oriented person like I need
to get it done is what I'm doing but
today I just feel like pausing life and
playing with my kids and you know the
chores will get done they will but not
right now because I had more important
things to do for dinner tonight I'm
going to be making a Hawaiian haystack
and I'm doing all the ingredients I'm
going to make it all by myself
I'm even going to make a sauce whatever
it's called I'm headed to the store real
quick and normally I would take Isaac
with me to have him pick out the stuff
for the dinner he's making tonight but I
need to get some surprises for him
because tomorrow his birthday tomorrow
is his birthday did I say that right
anyway I'm excited I can't believe he's
going to be nine years old and yeah
let's get the shopping done
apparently mallanna is on Netflix kind
of a big deal in our house well that
says me a ridiculously long amount of
time it's a bit embarrassing but I just
was having a hard time making decisions
and I was feeling kind of anxious for
some reason I get anxious in my shop
which doesn't really make sense but
anyway I did it and now I'm going to
head home and finish day what are you
two up to
so we're excited when you get two
teachers out of egg we're really excited
because you'll be able to give us our
own computer and our camera oh this is a
mess and I like of controls for me and
with me and read challenges and then I
wrote a very old and has gonna be called
tulip you guys going to kill it oh no
I'm going to do a different flop and
mine is going to be daily blocks every
day except Sunday what are you going to
try yours
I'm just thinking how about there just
in capping that boy
sonic sports like super Sonics like
Seattle SuperSonics I know just some
sports okay
you can have one all about Tooting we do
often get asked if the kids ever feel
like force or like we're making them do
you too but they really do enjoy and
it's fun to see them thinking about this
kind of stuff on their own guys I just
lost the camera I set it down somewhere
to film as I was doing something and
then I just forgot about it and I walked
off oh yeah I just was headed out to my
car and I'm like wait a minute I'm just
going to check where's my camera and I
couldn't find it and my heart kind of
stuff for a second of like show anyway i
retrace my steps and you're back with me
so anyway here's my load and I put all
of Isaac presents are in here I had them
put it in a red bag
like how you moving your arms there Lisa
T Jeremy is such a sweetheart I was just
texting him that I lost the camera and
that was totally mean and just texted
lost the camera first and then I started
immediately texting like and then I
found it you know and he's just so sweet
the way he responds to me look at this
he just said sorry I'm sure we'll be
able to find it
I loved it he responded so gently and
understanding like he didn't get
frustrated with me or anything like that
like he's so patient and calm in those
situations I really admire that
so the other kids are making birthday
cards for Heydrich um so when I went to
the first store which was Target they
didn't have sin minerals and I think
want cinnamon rolls for his birthday
breakfast and I am NOT making those from
scratch love the boy not making them
from scratch tonight so I'm running into
another store real quick she hits in
minerals and I also threw out root beer
which would be sad if a birthday with
that root beer here they are the
cinnamon rolls that we always get
they're so good and so easy so I think
just asked what time we're going to bed
tonight
why were you so concerned about that I
want to go to bed early tomorrow's my
birthday I want my birthday to be cuter
should we just head to bed now it's like
five o'clock after we okay Isaac is
doing dinner
let's do it okay which we put them first
into the crock-pot a ball of Italian
seasoning it's called the bouillon cube
Laura wanted to help ask you for butter
knife instead just to eat it yeah that's
easier than cutting it with a butter
knife so I forgot to push go on the rice
cooker I put the water in and the rice
and forgot to push the start button so
dinner is going to be 30 minutes later
than we expected I think you nailed it
it was amazing the Laura have come up
and asked me a question a couple times
this evening Chris yes you keep asking
of tomorrow give me Christmas yeah but
Sunday and Tuesday is it gonna be
Christmas not yet it has to be cold
outside for Christmas
yeah Christmas is a pretty fun time you
can't blame her
you know that's fun I know but as
Isaac's birthday tomorrow
yeah this day yeah tomorrow in the
morning okay let me go to the skate yeah
yeah when we wake up tomorrow it'll be a
Isaac's birthday tomorrow should we do
that should we have a breakfast and
candles and present yeah I burnt my hand
