oh I burnt my hand good morning good
money I woke up to giggles from this
crew like that's on your hand I'm sorry
dude okay I'm going to go make breakfast
you all have fun so I woke up at 6:00
and like six zero zero two giggling just
the sound of happy giggles and I was
like mom so tired but at least they were
happy noises and the goodness teen love
does not have a fever anymore
so hopefully that was just a fluke I
never understand that anyway I'm going
to make breakfast cake which is one of
our family favorites cuz up some
cantaloupe and listen to happy chaos and
the countdown begins let's see it's
seven o'clock now and Jeremy we are
picking up from the airport at five
o'clock tonight which means if my math
is correct ten more hours until my love
is home
remember we baked it in the oven I'm
feeling grateful that our van has eight
seats because we all loaded up in here
and we are headed to a park this morning
because it's not super hot yet look
every seat is full in front I'm at the
airport getting ready to leave VidCon
and excited to be home to see the things
kendra has been regularly like sending
pictures of the kids and we FaceTime
it's just exciting to get home oh that
is big you're a big girl you're almost
there
go ahead miss Laura
to see the girls here makes my minute
you playing with dirt
no we're making gym oh you're making
dough these two are playing tag
you better run cubby we got him up there
so let me give you a push buddy no you
just want to hang so swing your body
bring your body dude
Isaac is teaching Laura how to pump on
the swing you're so close
Oh
sometimes I'm going places is all my
kids it's overwhelming to me especially
trying to leave places it can be a time
when kids throw tantrums and it just it
can be really hard and embarrassing
sometimes anyway I learned a long time
ago maybe when Isaac was about four
years old to teach the kids what to say
when it was time to leave somewhere that
way they knew kind of how to cope with
it and so now I give them a warning
Michael Cady about three minutes you've
got one minute and then I say alright
it's time to go what do we say and they
just spit back out this rehearsed thing
that we teach them to do and they say
thank you mom for letting us come what
can I do to help our family leave and
it's so nice because I give them all a
job and I find my kids respond better to
a job than to just getting in a car
being done playing so Caleb is pushing
janay back up to the car right now and
Nora's job it was to hold Ali's hand and
walk her to the car Isaac might open the
door you know somebody might unlock the
car just little jobs and then they all
climb in and it doesn't always work
they're still sometimes fits and
tantrums but it works a lot better and
it makes me feel like it's not like me
against them makes me feel like we're
all part of you know a team it's time
now for us to drop off Luke and Allie
and have lunch and next I found a place
to plug in which is always a hard thing
to do at the airport just janae like
basketball today what do you think
you're reading with big brother when
you're reading a lease the really rotten
princess chom the other one you were
just looking at I'm gonna go learn how
to ride horses soon t-minus four hours
until we go get dad only four more hours
janay has been obsessed with eating her
fists and she tries to shove the whole
thing in there no cute hmm I'm gonna eat
it all I can my whole hand you can eat
your whole hand I don't think you can
fit your whole hand in there back in the
day I could almost put my fist in my
mouth I think Jeremy might be able to
we're gonna have to see when we see him
tonight ohh ohh that hurts and I can't
do it
okay turn it around oh yeah you've got a
lot of it in there Wow
all right can you fit your fist in your
mouth a lot of snow mm-hmm
I just realized I filmed that whole
section with something in my teeth I
just got it out but I didn't want to do
that you noticing you didn't tell me
yeah tell me those things
it's only two hours until we leave to go
pick up Jeremy from the airport so I
have a movie on so big kids
janay is napping and I'm going to try to
get my makeup on and put on some clothes
and look nice for my man at society's on
film I know it's cheesy to say because
he's only been gone for a couple of days
but I really miss him I'm just looking
forward to talking to him and being with
him tonight
all right one ready now I just have to
get the kids ready and get in the car
unfortunately when I was curling my hair
I burnt my hand like I bumped my entire
hand against the curling iron how stupid
is that
I ran cold water over it right away and
put some oils on it so anyway it's
hurting them so elese just saw me
getting ready and she said why are you
getting ready and I said because we're
going to go get your dad and she's like
why do you need to get ready to go good
dad and I said because and she goes oh
he's your love and I'm a gift he's my
love and she goes woo I'm a love expert
I'm like really
so apparently we have a love expert on
our hands Alise she knows all things
romance your little expert yeah
after we get daddy time I go to hot
bread robbing and get some height so I'm
like the first person off the plane
I think that's our van coming
we're going to Red Robin to the country
are you just like the bird the Red Robin
you're like the bird
so the weather is so amazing tonight
they were actually putting outside which
is really great to get Laura what do you
want she wants mac and cheese what do
you want to drink more and root beers
and I got fried
Isaac decided to do Santa lunch a lot
better than I said kids got their own
tray of row so by bottomless fries that
were like we want a lot of fries and
they took a fusion well I'm embarrassed
sounds like to be hurt cause I never
even got enough room so I didn't have
the camera on him this little girl it's
not even four months old and she went up
under her knees she's already rolling
back and forward she's a little athlete
it's crazy baby Olympics Tom show more
skills no pressure
oh those legs are moving she was lifted
up
those little eggs yeah no break ah it's
like running a mile off
we've heard little cheering crowd she
likes her little fan club they kind of
scared her I was pumped
she can like fit her whole fist in her
mouth wellbutrin that's that earlier
today we found that she has put more
perfect form up than any of the rest of
us come to Daddy
no no younger I get know what dads are
for Oh try to walk to me oh she's like
pushing off his light and this is
craziness
Jeremy can you put your fist in your
mouth you can't put his fist in the
mouth but his thumb way to go babe we're
so proud of you me reunited with his
littlest love
I'm doing for you to get spit up on oh
yeah she did just get fed right she did
the loaded weapon you got there well
maybe I just don't remember correctly
but every night Lord all that never mind
all shout you guys tomorrow
okay so today I get this freak in 90
degrees this is exciting
we're doing so maybe I just don't
remember my other babies at that age but
I don't remember them getting up on
their knees like that or pushing off
with their feet I feel like she's doing
all this way to student is making my
heart because she's my little baby maybe
she's growing up too fast
do you think so how did another one
about the solution yeah just have two
more kids and then you'll be fine no
have 11 11 mortgage yes that would be
craziness episode 17 - what do you think
babe 11 more kid
goodnight - now this part of your body
hurts your thorough account is up to ten
kids at my house
Oh
