which part of your body hurts your
throat the count is up to ten kids at my
house
good morning Jeremy is still in
California today and yesterday was my
first day with him gone in California
and it actually went really well but as
I went to bed I was super tired so
babysitting for kids for my neighbor
this morning and then I'm babysitting my
nephew and then I'm babysitting my niece
and nephew actually for the whole rest
of a and overnight hey dude just you mom
you guys having fun yeah I won't seen
baby house on the long train right back
upstairs yes mine sure I'll wrap up your
baby what's your baby's name oh here I
love it
oh you got her you got her hi breaker
what are you playing oh you guys are so
this is awesome
I don't have any of my kids ever had me
at the moment because I'm babysitting
for extra kids and so somehow nine kids
feels like less than five kids how that
works I don't know but they all like
paired off and they're all playing and
they're happy
so VidCon wouldn't be complete without
hanging out with Sam and yeah I got that
bad an April and daming the last two
victims where we can paralyze converse
on the count is up to ten kids at my
house and it's going really well Joey's
dead nice next time so this juice box
pack has ten pouches in it which is
perfect because that's how many kids we
have here right now ready for snack
oh yeah you're going to open that one oh
my gosh we're going to use these little
cups to put the goldfish in you're going
to carry those are hunters here just
bring a little box out and here's a
mouthful I can't get in here
you think I can just write them almost
able that you can come into work before
do you think it's easier to carry them
like that then to carry the box he
opened the door
we're going into the exhibit hall where
there's just like concentration rooms
and tons of people love imagination wire
they making creative earlier cool so
what are your supplies string a stick
scissors cut the string wrap it around
to get another ship so the other stick
is gonna be the arrow I'm trying to
catch the food so I try living in the
wild I'll see if it works
Oh how's my not funny what kind of food
do you think you're going to catch we're
going to do it the food when you catch
it eat are you gonna eat a bunny I'm
going to get all the blood out of it and
then I'll go get my pot is totally hey
Jeremy you've got a big day ahead of you
did you know if you were born to be like
a farmer or a mountain man something
like that you Michael like fail see good
luck boys
so a big new comer came out into the
public space and people are going crazy
let's go in the wrong direction huh bud
I'll use ears oh man poor Caleb I'm
trying to explain to him why the bows
not working it's hard because I can't
really even put into words I mean like a
bow and arrow the bow the string you
pull back isn't just a regular string
it's got like bounce back so it is more
like a rubberband and I described it to
them and the bow kind of bends under the
pressure clearly I don't know any of the
technical terms but we need to learn
about those and then maybe we can
how was your nap miss Lora okay she
likes to nap in the few days the next
round of cousins has arrived and more
fun is beginning hi Lu Canali very pity
activity me here's what you guys are
going to do you guys are going to build
these marble machines we've got a mini
coaster change and a mini skatepark
maker castle you boys are going to make
the skatepark new girls are going to
make the mini coaster are you excited
yeah these are like Cosmo cheese oh yes
looks like yep attainable push them out
first they build a platform strong
enough to hold a coffee mug
Caleb Bettany for a hammer well these
projects are awesome but they're a
little more challenging than we had
anticipated and so the kids are taking a
break then we're going to try it again
yogurt break how a big screen
well I got Junaid asleep we'll see how
long that lasts
that was my phone and you hear all these
kids like who knows how long this is
gonna last
it looks awesome guys so the gear system
literally carries the marble you did it
you guys I'm so proud of you well the
boys wanted to give up but they didn't
and they finished it and I'm so proud of
them this one's almost done the girls
are finishing up just a mess are they my
flip up yes they're mine oh nice knit
very well maybe someday you and I'll
have the same size feet and we will
share all of our shoes let's say
earrings and all wear your clothes and
out your club it's gonna be hot ah let's
do it it works there yeah a little
motivation there we go no trying it
without the bat perfect oh my goodness
yeah I'd agree it done and you guys
geniuses the rule the world well those
kids turn out to be a little more
time-intensive and challenging than we
had expected even I had a hard time
putting some of the pieces together I
was proud of the kids because they
worked through the hard spots but now we
are headed to eat dinner with Laura you
need to get in your seat you can't drive
alright so we are at the drive-thru a
Panda Express gonna be good I decided to
order a family feast and janae I was
hoping would fall asleep and she has not
fall asleep
we're almost there bedtime is coming fed
Jenna's coming he ordered the family
feast from Panda Express
we got chow mein fried rice and regular
rice and then we chose orange chicken we
got two of those because that's a
favorite and this is streaming chicken
and Ali recommended the egg roll and I
love the cream cheese rangoon
which part of your body hurts your
throat
remulak has a fever Laura just had a
potty accident I'm going to need to get
for a bath and she peed all over the
floor so I need to clean that up and
janae did not take a nap again and so
she's fussy and crying I'm going to go
count my blessings so I don't get grumpy
turn on the movie for the kids and call
it bedtime so see you guys tomorrow
wish me luck Jay how's that my body
might not be you know some like
supermodel status it was worth it janae
and all my kids and the chocolates
cookies that I had worth it pink pink my
day started with waking up in a Peden
bed
and it's ending with poop all over my
clothes
