my body might not be you know some like
supermodel status it was worth it
janae and all my kids and the chocolates
cookies that I had worth it
pink pink my day started with waking up
in a PITA in bed and it's ending with
poop all over my clothes good morning
it is 6:10 a.m. and I woke up to someone
else wetting my bed which apparently
until you know it's going to be a great
day right Laura is potty trained she's
doing great but she's only three and she
came into my bedroom in the middle of
the night and Jeremy's not here so she
just snuggled up against me and I woke
up to her wedding the video so
apparently I'm going to wash my sheets
this morning and go ahead and get up and
get going
sugar my nice long sleep well woke up uh
almost 6:18 and that just so dude should
we make some breakfast
exact enough why couldn't you just
happen the microwave is what the recipe
for severe longer it takes to cook about
20 to 25 minutes just long enough for us
to get ready for the day alright so
here's how the German kinetics turned
out it just looks like pancakes by young
here irritated again yes restricts their
prayer oh no no the whole question do
you like to do big breakfasts or cold
cereal Jeremy likes eating big breakfast
but he'd much rather just served cold
cereal in the morning I like to make big
breakfasts but I also rarely get up in
the morning because not like I'm doing
it everyday what's your preference for
breakfast time let us know how you like
Amara
let us know in the comments below what
your very favorite breakfast food is I
know mine with your monkey bread yo mine
is orange roll banging monkey bang
so there's a lot of panels here that
Khan and my friends are on several of
them and so it's really fun to go and
see them for seeing its Judy's life
benji and judy the Ballinger family are
here their new baby duncan is super cute
today
it's your bear's birthday uh-huh how old
is he going to be right three the good
age
happy birthday there what are your plans
for his birthday hey you're going to do
a cake anything else present you can get
your present family
let's sounds like a good birthday what
present Rees going to get in you want to
get some presents for him oh I am what
present
pink pink pink sounds like your bear
really like pink again after Christmas
oh yeah my very old turn poor it's going
to be harmful you got it
I'm getting ready for the day and I got
on my workout clothes because I am going
to be working out soon and I was looking
at my body and you know what I totally
have these awesome rolls around my
middle and I was smiling in the bathroom
as I looked in the mirror I just was
feeling grateful like my body might not
be you know some like supermodel status
I love my body I love that my body is
strong enough that I can go to the gym
and workout and enjoy that feeling of
like my heart pounding and sweating and
I love that this body worked so hard and
created janay like that's awesome like
way to go body I'm feeling pretty good
about that so you know it's tempting
sometimes for me to look at my body and
be like oh you know I'm not back to my
pre-baby shape yet you know what I might
never be back to my pre-baby shape I've
had five kids and my body I respect that
it's done a lot with that and so anyway
as I looked in the mirror today I was
just feeling strong
and beautiful and I think sometimes that
feeling is a choice and I know that I
want to exercise to stay healthy
and to stay strong for my kids for my
grandkids but mostly for me like I feel
great when I exercise and so you know I
just wanted to say that it was worth it
janay and all my kids and the chocolates
cookies that I had worth it if sometimes
your body isn't exactly the way you wish
it was instead of seeing things that you
wish you could change about it look at
the amazing things that it does we have
these bodies and that makes us human and
we can do this up and that's so cool and
my body sleeps and my body dances and my
body smiles and my body conserve and my
body can snuggle my kids and that's what
matters so I'm loving this I am loving
it
one more thought about my body as I was
driving my body is level 2 affection
according to the world standards does
not determine my happiness I do and I
love my body it serves me well and I'm
really grateful for it it's library
day-to-day and the kids are especially
excited because they're earning some of
their summer reading program rewards I
think they get tips gotta book em would
we find I'm going to be fun
troll almost like something you'd like
either Culloden up on his choices did
you find trolls Harry Potter or what did
you find
there's Star Wars and Batman here's
another Star Wars 1.4 Laura is up
against a tough decision we are done
well that some longer than usual but we
got it done and now we have some fun new
books to start reading let's go you were
a trouper it's not the girl they just
finished working out and I was on my
phone listening to a podcast the whole
time I was working out and I'm sure I'm
the last person to figure this out in
the world I didn't even know what
podcasts were but they're really cool
Jeremy's listen to podcast for a really
long time and I just didn't really see
the appeal and finally he taught me how
to put one on my phone because I'm one
of those technologically impaired people
it's cool so yeah I totally learned
today about emotions and self-care and
self empowerment and I'm feelings
I just give all the kids of Pisa done
and we just got out all the library
books and they're just happy I do not
think we have seen enough of this pretty
face today
hi janae hello look at you kickin that
happy body around I think we really did
it'll be him so I made dinner tonight
for my brother and sister-in-law that
live right here they're the ones that
their daughter was in the hospital last
week and she's had tons of doctor's
appointments this week and so I offered
to make him dinner and they're actually
just going to come join us for dinner
which will be fun to see adults and hang
out tonight but I also we have a
neighbor that's a good friend of mine is
getting ready to move and she's packing
up this video so I figured as long as I
was making dinner I would just make
another one and take it to her but I'm
so embarrassed because now Here I am
feeding these three families and I'm
running late
I got the dinner in late and I just feel
bad about that so hopefully it cooks
fast Caleb and Laura are on Michael
watch and watching sitter
Michael Guerin dinner is done finally
only 30 minutes late as luck would have
it janae just woke up but I'm getting it
all packed up to go to my friends we've
got lasagna strawberries mixed veggies a
salad some rolls sounds more exciting
than it looks just like frozen rolls
that I baked and frozen mixed veggies
that I warmed up and a bag salad but hey
that count we're Bundy's in our family
huh we put on stuff that stops and
everything then just turn it up
today we're just laying on the ground
playing and she was fussing and so I
went to pick her up and I held her and
smuggled her before I realized this had
happened so now it's all over my shirt
and all over her and losing out my day
started with waking up in a Peden bed
and it's ending with poop all over my
clothes I think that motherhood sub is
for you I'm grateful for laundry and
baths and bedtime hi Wow
hey ma'am you want to see my hotel room
sure let me turn it around here it is
there's my hotel room yep hmm it's Jenny
a favorite girl I miss you I love you ah
she's so cute
I have four days along with all five of
you
