all I want to do is take it punky - boy
you got it girl Franco for Haley scan
over the hole and you're not careful
it's young touch asleep in it but you're
not good to me would you choose a little
thing I just like big girl good dream
what do you want learn jokes in yogurt
and granola morning I have a good
feeling about today it's going to be a
good day and that is because I'm wearing
my favorite shirt so clearly it has to
be a great day today
and also because we just got a call from
some of our YouTube friends and they're
in town in Kansas City today and so
they're going to come over for dinner
tonight and be totally laid-back
spontaneous we're just going to do pizza
it's the Daru crew and Ellie and Jared
and we just love getting together with
other youtubers
silly goose way out might assume it and
it just went back into the forks back
there what wasn't there was a red box in
their backyard right so Janine just
rolled over downstairs from her back to
her stomach you know you want him you
want those keys MDD oh come on come get
it boys you're doing it option doing it
you got it girl Frank go for it you are
so close here we are
you're doing a great job to me that's a
big job to learn to roll over
oh it is all in it yes I'm compaction
rolled over you Mary Joe good job to
news I'm you resent the young that feels
young for rolling over we have her on
the advance rolling placement program so
I decided to do an ice cream bar for
dessert tonight because it's hot out and
everybody loves ice cream I just seen it
aside on flavors I want to have a good
variety I'm going to get three different
times let me show you my choices
I got everything we need that was maybe
just like a shopping trip ever
reading time everybody's got their
little piles of books well-armed animal
they are around 500 species of animals
well sorry I forgot to film but the kids
had fun this morning they were playing
with friends and now it's afternoon and
I am getting hit by the tired bug I want
to I think what I'll do instead is hang
out with these peeps and probably fold
some laundry
I had to leave to nurse janae you guys
did great and so now mom's back let's
get this finished up
if you thought it was funny yeah you
doing what I mean
why is it that it's the goal when you
have friends coming over or people
coming to your house but basically your
house me feels like nobody lives there
like cleaning up I mean does anybody
talk to ever stay like that for more
than just a few minutes I saw I guess
see what the point is the kids are
reading again to keep them out of
trouble because this girl gets into so
much trouble
hmm okay more like these two all right
we ordered the pizza and a house was
picked up so we are ready to play our
kids are a little excited about our
friends coming tonight we have the do
crew with us today and Ellie and Jared
are with us
that means a lot we have a bunch of
little kids running around out here
playing in the sprinklers nice egg
right yeah
even when we were considering daily
blogging one of the channels that we
watched a ton was Ellie and Jared this
was back in the handstand ending of log
and I remember watching them and see
what they were doing we were thank you
for doing that I mean it's true Landon
you were supposed to be cleaning up get
cleaned up and go to your room did you
have fun with Jackson laughs Jackson
your little buddy how do you roll to our
I have no idea so I think what you do is
you stick the tip of your tongue at the
top of your mouth and then you blow air
through it you got to make your tongue a
little more taut so most importantly if
you learn how to do this you can sound
like Chewbacca
so janae just keeps growing and I went
and got her a new little sleeper isn't
he cute it even got ruffles of the bones
when Kendra bought those Jana's I was
like those are way too big for her she's
growing too fast you little rolling over
growing big smiling girl let's see the
ruffles okay
boom I just came across this why did you
cut your hair is currently worn - all
done wrinkles can I'm a victor
Oh bad one there's what right there is a
fire truck right there
