I just came across this why did you cut
your hair everyone - all done whistles
because I'm a picture
Oh bad one with right there's a fire
truck right there
hey moon hmm well I just came across
this which is never a good thing
Nora what happened I cut right here all
by myself a little girl supposed to cut
their hair by ourselves to me mama yeah
are we supposed to cut it all by
ourselves
no who's supposed to cut hair mommy or a
hairdresser at a hair salon why did you
cut your hair because I want to all by
myself because I'm a big girl
yeah but even mommy doesn't cut her own
hair we don't cut our own hair yeah my
running it mom and dad test cake here
should we clean up the mess yes then can
we cut my hair out all by my I'll buy
your scalp drop me to finish cutting
your hair yeah okay if you ever want to
cut your hair again can you ask mommy
what so you come to mommy say excuse me
mommy
hi Scott was Santa yeah it's a good
thing to ask mommy first okay okay I
love you I'm kind of sad she's never had
her hair cut except for by Caleb once
when she was littler but like we've
never done an official haircut and so
those little curls at the very bottom
those are her little baby curls what's
left of them and okay it's time to let
her grow up and apparently get a short
haircut today let's measure that let's
see how much she cut off oh my goodness
who's that Bailey's sixth and and choose
six and here's all my hair yes that's
how much you cut all my goodness that's
your baby hair yeah now it's going to be
all gone okay let's clean it up so her
hair was pretty long and she cut some of
the hair is pretty short so I think
we're just going to shorten it all but
not
maybe we'll do a layer to look I'm
capable of that I might just fix it
right now and then we'll take her to a
real health hairdresser later today and
like fix it here because since you
started putting it now we have to kind
of even it up Oh Oh my knee I'll cut it
yeah sorry pumpkin
you cut off this guy so we have to cut
off this type of magic oh then sigh and
the best to match it all sorry
sweetheart that's what happens that's
why we don't cut our own hair ok guys
here have you sit down and still so I
can cut it ok ok sit on this edge oh
yeah that'll work great cutie I'll hold
your head super still here comes miss
are you ready your hair I clearly have
no idea what I'm doing and so we're
going to take your join hairdresser
later this afternoon but I just didn't
want to any button hold it in till we
get there what do you think of it this
one thing you 14 right here like that
short I'm some say - Oh Brittany you're
my new pal excited for your haircut yeah
it looks cute
could you have mine yup all the time
have we adequately taught her that she
shouldn't cover
oh those are scissors okay yeah they're
good scissors for cutting hair and
they're not for children
ah
when we saw it sterling came up and
Isaac really liked this haircut so we're
going to trade them to make it today
well now a blanket to get warm I am
picking a shower that's not true
we did a shower yesterday you kind of
have the pop of hair being short on
assures us that the idea and you got to
be super still for this part and
whatever you do don't smile hey if you
like that
hey DC see ya
hi visit grin so Jane a is old message
should responding to mirrors and the
flip up screen on our cameras so when I
flip it up so she can see yourself she
grinned
it's goodbye on Monday
so we just got home from piano lessons
and Laura fell asleep on the drive phone
all right what's going on there's the
ambulance there's an ambulance no or a
fire truck jinx jinx again just I'm
going side okay do you want to see the
fire truck there's a fire truck right
there like right there is a fire truck
right there
there's fire truck out there
Wyatt I saw him walk up and they were
all smiling and so I don't know why
they're there but our neighbors are fine
we'll go check on our neighbors after
they leave do when I see the fire truck
come on check it out
I was nerve-wracking to see a fire truck
or an ambulance in their neighborhood
like you just hope all your neighbors
are okay and safe you know me I cry
those kinds of things show you two just
relaxing to soak up them enough come in
to see what's going on so the kids are
wanting to watch a TV show this
afternoon while I'm making dinner which
I'm totally famous but we can't find the
remote for the TV so easy system looking
everywhere no luck so far what are we
looking for
so for the Melrose it's a hard word to
say we're looking for the remote so we
remove the couch cushions still no ring
all right good does it put them back
guys Laura pick one up and put it away
is the remote under there
Jeremy has superpowers what TV has
buttons you can push I don't know that
I'm remote forever I know they're like
wonder Neath there's no there's like a
button booboo what an amazing man get up
off the couch you're our hero
what we do need to find the remote or
else what to do I found the remote I am
so excited it was in this funny little
pocket
did you hide it yeah did you put it
there
yeah why didn't you tell us that you put
it there because you read that a nice
and I want to defy anything oh you
wanted to find it mm-hmm
well I'm glad we found it
how's your dinner look yeah I have
eggplants mom your big plans tomorrow
yeah really
what y'all gonna do hmm going to work we
have to send I hear we round hit it or
turn straight get Laurel more oh is it
getting a little more yeah I think it's
working at the moment so our day got
busy and I did not have a chance to take
Laura to get her hair professionally
fixed but it's actually working out okay
so we'll do that someday when we have
time do you need some help Calum you
need help give him all right all right
tonight we are headed to a family
service activity with the giving brick
which is a lego service organization
what they do is they take donated Legos
they sort on they clean them and then
they repackage them as LEGO sets that go
to foster homes in different places
where kids need educational awesome toys
like that and so that's order or hi
sweetie hello
so serving with the giving brick is so
fun we've actually done it a couple
times before one of them was with our
awesome Lego summer camp which lowered
to last year ago it's coming up again
this year it's gonna auction themed
anyway and another time so it's fun
because this is a service activity that
the kids are familiar with thanks Eddie
what a gentleman
get another girl potty so what we're
doing there is finding Legos that are
similar and putting them all together
into a bigger bag and then into a bigger
bucket the big sorting game just long
so many Legos
so Jeremy super annoyed he just figured
out that a setting on our camera has
been wrong for months so I hope you
enjoy your new crystal clear pictures
well that was a lot of fun are so proud
of the kids they all obeyed and got in
the car when it was time to come home
oh yeah I'm gonna do this dirty yeah
we're having very hard to eat three
girls in the band yeah I just love it we
see you go all the way down there or
your tumblers are right here engineering
thank you this is and I can't have that
can I see her fat and this happened like
five minutes ago it was the loudest
sound ever true
reading a book
