this happened like five minutes ago it
was the loudest sound ever truth reading
a book
good morning did you hear the storm last
night no not at all you slept through
that yeah meaning beautiful may
squealing are you know and there's like
visitors done series I thought maybe I
think I look like Shh oh she's been so
calm now
maybe she's missed some I bet this one
is here is that is she so excited to see
you doing your written or not a fright
and bagels and cream cheese under
Bertram here is okay
my name is Ursula yeah
let's we're gonna see them little guy
later this summer goes on my temper yeah
I think you time Jonathan couldn't leave
without a picture of all the kids
because you wanted it I had to get it
not because you're my opponent right or
my wife one two three cheese no maybe
swap does look slightly friends they're
weirder you're like in half sunlight
Jeremy
Caleb step away from the vehicle in a
bunch tries to run away with other
people say Lise was speeding janae a
bottle it's for feeding there oh yeah so
he leaves has been working on some
videos that she's been making on her own
she had the iPad and was doing this
loving these dance moves you like making
videos it's fun to see this because I
was about Elysee is age when I first
started making movies with my family and
with my brothers and some just by myself
so that is so fun to see you doing it
guess what Brittany invited you to go
see a play with her okay it's a play
that her brother and sister-in could be
self gonna go you're gonna go in her car
with her family he's so excited okay
come on
here's your 50 flops thanks for helping
rowdy Beaulieu okay so how do we behave
when we're at a play oh wow
just like that Wow okay so you sit
respectfully and you got to be quiet
during the show and then when everyone
else starts clapping you can clap but
try not to talk during the show okay you
sit here and wait for Brittany K so
Brittany's brother and sister and
Seussical the musical so they're going
to go watch that she's going to love it
so you guys are exercising
it is really always awesome when the
ticker running for fun because they
sleep so much better when taking some
time to myself this afternoon and I'm
headed to the gym first time except the
baby
so what are you doing there writing a
book I love that you're writing inside a
sheet in the clerk of the fixon in your
castle
okay so what is the book mean it's the
Evil Queen's mother and Snow White
she invented the magic merge me ends up
getting caught inside it the first time
I began is on the camera school it's a
series yeah alright you better get to
writing do any of these
definitely not my favorite eight you how
was the gym okay yeah worked it you want
to go back and the muffins are really
good you mean I snuck one we've been
working on harmony for the last time as
a family we've been really trying to
focus on what it takes and what it is to
have a happy family and so when the kids
come across something that they think
could increase our happiness they try to
do it like hug time or singing together
dancing together it's a work in progress
we're definitely not always happy around
here but we're trying so Laura just hit
her head really hard she ran into the
spirit dream location I nicknamed you
like ran right into the door yeah she
already has a huge bump and this
happened like five minutes ago it was
the loudest sound ever she only cried
for like a minute
I'm so sorry blackford City I keep
saying like it's good where you love you
big girl thanks for being brave how's
your head doing big girl good I have a
book yes it is House reyne machinist
look are you cutting some chump change
