Riaan mushy Netflix I've been cutting
some chunky I'm just like okay you look
tired
the cabin and they're a little late
isn't your dream there was a huge storm
last night we had hail and lightning
then it was a huge stone oh why is it
like 2:00 a.m. come on let's go
breakfast
how'd you sleep go grab some breakfast
okay
so here's what us this morning
my goal Michael is with us
so our cousin little baby Elizabeth had
to spend the night in the hospital she's
had some health issues and so Michael
stayed the night with us and we are so
glad to have you buddy might be another
yeah is that so
we have other friends coming to stay
tonight too baby
jianming Elsa okay there's a few
last-minute things that we need before
our friends show up and miss Laura's
coming with me to the store that's
pretty excited about it
yeah I'm absolutely terrible about
making a list even when I'm running in
for just a few things so I always have
my kids help me remember or what are you
in charge of helping me remember
American Crew Frank
it kind of becomes a game so I ordered
our groceries online the other day but I
forgot to order milk so we're running in
to pick up the milk and a few other
items just ropeway open it the baby's
good job
so what what what is this
sepia here what's a CTR shield geez
erect your choose the right shield side
screen is on a really good sale so we
got way too much but it all looks
delicious here's what we got peanut
butter brownie you know Parvathi yeah
using cream that's just a classic and
then chocolate chick well we don't lick
the boxes we lick the ice cream cones
your silly juice that one's chocolate
chip cookie dough and then over here
we've got butter pecan so I figured we
can just stash it in the freezer end of
it for the other day well there's barely
room for Laura in the cart anymore I
feel so conflicted about stocking up on
stuff like ice cream because on the one
hand is on sale so we can save money if
we buy more right now I just put in our
freezer so on the other hand if it's
around I'll just eat more of it so I end
up conflicted nice to see that I ended
up change be good yes again it's an idea
Laura Q can oh my oh very fun so this
book is Laura's favorite book she
carries it around everywhere she even
took it to church last week and she just
likes to read from it
hey Laura what's up was about a nice and
out came gone oh all right we'll enjoy
your book on the drive home hi hi this
is lucky
haha you don't care you don't care I
think made us lunch today I had to help
a little bit because we didn't have a
box of macaroni and cheese like to make
prepackaged box and so we had to make
homemade so he boiled the noodles drain
the noodles and then I helped him make
the cheese sauce that went on top of it
I washed the grape chose the carrot how
is it please more seasonal you want some
more seasoning salt on it you want to
take a shy
it's cleaning up the book yeah
you can do it thanks for helping Michael
I taught Isaac how to play solitaire
today what do you think
I love playing solitaire
hello I love how you get excited with
your whole body your self has her hands
in her mouth starting to peeve so good
to get wet
what yeah do you like playing in the
water yes cool quarreled you ready for
towels let's go watch a movie
we don't usually watch movies in the
afternoon but mama needs a break
you need to make a prop barn yeah we're
going to have a movie party and wonder
if you watching Oh yep they've never
seen it
what
I think so I don't talk a lot about it
on the vlog but I am an attorney and as
an attorney to keep my license up you
have to take a certain amount of courses
or continuing learning education so I'm
spending the afternoon today with a
bunch of lawyers and learning about the
law what are we gonna make lexicon I
have no idea pico de gaia pico de
homemade blender pico de gallo we're
going to try it and never done it before
it's like a fresh salsa here's the
ingredients well my law class was kind
of boring for hours of sitting there but
it was fun to connect with people that I
haven't seen for a long time and it's
fun to see these little kids out of here
swinging
okay so jalapenos I know that there's a
part of them that spicier and a part of
it that's not as spicy I literally have
never purchased or cut a jalapeno before
I think I'm supposed to watch out for
the seeds this Creek is interesting so
I'm kind of silly maybe it's the right
word but I'm not following an exact
recipe like I saw a bunch of them and
they all think I licensing I didn't
lying instead of following one exactly
I'm just kind of winging it but I figure
salsa like you just taste it and see if
you like it so one thing I know is that
I love cilantro the more the better
well I'm kind of cracking up as I keep
adding more and more things Green
Machine and flow what do you think
doesn't like edge that I get taken then
like it I'm attempting to make salsa and
it's really not working I think I need
you Green is work plate wonder yeah it's
pretty good
really yeah it's so green do you think I
should add more tomatoes they give me
it's more cilantro are you serious are
you joking no I think it's spicy enough
for our kids
does it mean more line more salt more
tomato I think I would just put tomato
chunks in it that's kind of what I was
thinking I also consider some corn
chunks I think I think a decent chunk
a'chiz all it needs but I think it's
really good should I add more salt no I
think it's good milder yes
I'm scared because this doesn't look
like anything I've ever seen before
it's a little unorthodox
it's not too bad should I add corn and
green pepper and avocado that always
makes representing brother yes Sally
well here's what I ended up looking like
it does not look very good but actually
it is pretty good and here's the mess
so clearly homemade salsa debris
I am a little bit struggling today I'm
feeling grumpy and I've been listening
to some podcasts from this life coach
and they talk about how to process
negative emotions and so sitting here
thinking okay I'm grumpy why am i grumpy
what am I feeling and I realized that
I'm feeling a little bit discouraged and
a little bit hopeless about some habits
we've been trying to put in our place in
our home and it just feels like it's not
looking what the life coach podcast was
saying thoughts cause feelings and so I
need to change my thoughts so I need to
think of a thought that's going to serve
me better because feeling discouraged
and hopeless about a certain discipline
thing or a certain habit in our home
isn't going to help it's not going to
fix any problems I'm doing the best I
can we are making progress progress is
slow you know real change takes time I'm
trying I'm trying to come up with more
helpful thought processes I don't get
grumpy yeah well we have Lisa and
Jonathan about with us and so it's good
this way we're eating our taco
so Michael is still with us today his
mom and dad ancestors still in the
hospital little sister is having some
problems she's actually getting a
feeding tube and having lots of testing
done so hopefully they're able to find
some answers and it's so scary we're
just praying for you guys trying to
sleep together from the fire you make a
mess and we're doing something that
we've never done before we are sending a
camera with them so they're going to
happen log
