- and we're doing something that we've
never done before we are sending a
camera with them so they're going to act
a lot so many crazy dreams oh yeah Wow
he kind of went to it was a conference
but there were all these random people a
Taylor Swift had a big puppy a bakery
what company it was like this big store
like a shop yeah like a door and brought
me around and Jamie that's trying to get
something for mommy
what's the interpretation of the dream I
don't know
sounds like you need to get mom some ice
cream Taylor Swift should become a baker
there we go we should send her a letter
rookie cop this is the last song in his
book finished en Evert but we're working
on trying to be able to play while
people are singing
morning I was so excited when I went to
bed last night because I was going to go
running this morning I've done at one
other day this week and I'm really
hoping to get it into a good habit and
then it's raining this morning so it
said I got dressed and at least I'm up
earlier than usual and can get a lot
done today but I was kind of
disappointed then like man and I would
have gone running in just the rain but
it's a thunderstorm so you know don't
get
we are starting our next family read
aloud which is Harry Potter we're just
reading the first one together and stata
kids are coloring while I read how are
you liking Harry Potter I love it I'm
actually way more into it even though we
just read that much my cousin he's told
me a lot about it my brother and I
started playing racquetball more lately
but I love to hear in the comments what
do you do regularly for exercise let us
know I'd love to see so we lived in our
house for four years and there's still
some boxes that we haven't unpacked and
I came across them in the garage the
other day and I think this is ridiculous
I need to unpack these boxes so they're
all boxes of books and I keep intending
to get like a nice big bookshelf and put
them all up there I just haven't yet so
today I'm going through the boxes and
figuring out what we're still going to
keep what we're going to get rid of and
maybe we'll actually put them up
somewhere I found two old like miniature
hymnals and Caleb is loving them he's
flipping through them and singing all
the songs and Janine's enjoying the show
you ready joy light in the world the
Lord is come joyful and triumphant oh
come ye oh come ye Tuesday
my hands vocals or what song you're
gonna sing next angels we have four
angels we have heard on high sweetly
singing other plane whoa oh oh yeah
every day you Lisa and Laura are making
lunch today what are you making English
muffin changes hmm yummy hey mom
well I didn't come be doing piano again
of girl and now it comes on and then
we'll see guy comes home and meal or at
least are gonna be the choir or they're
like be seen and I pick something
playing the piano
thank you
apparently we're already talking about
howling at our house what do you want to
be least okay I'm going to be wrong
he's really funny like 100 heroes doing
each plug and that makes he was brought
barf bugs and heels holding the wand the
wrong direction so so like this is book
and I'm rock and then what wrong like
this videos perfect fun what do you want
to be browing you have cheese I know you
don't have any cheese on your chin
I'm going to be mom bubble machine you
want to be a mom bubble machine cooker
uh-huh good job put it right on top keep
it level very nice okay then very
carefully shut the oven good job you did
it you mean lunch so it looks like
basketball camp is going on
let it snow are you doing any summer
camps I would love to hear about it
some women are you waking up yeah good
nap glad you're home why Isaac and Elise
are headed to their cousins to hang out
this afternoon and we're doing something
that we've never done before we are
sending a camera with them so they're
going to have to vlog well you can vlog
if you want to what do you think right
now why you guys gonna have fun yeah all
right here you go
may the force be with you we could
pretend to be actually the life of Harry
Potter right what it was like to be
number one number two no victory and we
have some sorting hat cupcakes for you
guys Isaac is going to be sorted into
his house he is a Raven clock that's
blue crossing when you guys working on
yeah hey lor what are you making a
frosting frosting yeah me to put on top
of the treat you're making yes so we
just found a watch inside Lucas bedroom
and we just killed it
but it was kind of frightening for a
second because it was a lie today has
not been my day we've had some
discipline issues which have made the
day feels so long and you know trying to
stay consistent on your tire and then
Janee has not enacted a so she's getting
a little bit more country and oh ah just
not my day I just want to go to sleep
and wake up tomorrow and start in or
have Jeremy come home from work and take
a turn so I can take a little bit of a
break but they're really great kids some
days are just longer than others so we
are going to be doing just great you
want to be a part of yeah alright Jeremy
came to the rescue
he is picking up dinner and he took
Laura and janae with him which leaves
Caleb and I on it clean up the entire
house while having a dance party duty we
can do it right with Caleb's help we
were able to clean up everything and I
see so much
what do you have there a big bladder how
can we go to big water oh damn it sign
the visco oh you are a big girl
should we eat our dinner thank you thank
you
the Culver's kind of feels weird with
just us for geneious Lee Haru mushroom
swiss burger nation with in my favorite
i like things with bacon on them bacon
double cheeseburger and he's adding
french fries for the first time ever i
don't do this because french fries are
so good on their own just in ketchup
that i always feel like there's a
scarcity of them but we have a lot of
french fries and not as many kids so i'm
going to go for it and I add french
fries every single time I don't know if
I ever eat a hamburger without adding
french fries to it I don't know why but
I've done that for a really long time
and these two are enjoying their chicken
tenders and fries you might fries no Jam
he's got his french fries in there I've
done chips on sandwiches before I really
because of the crunchiness so I would
think I would like Chris well and you
like french fries
so more french fries can't be bad for a
young lady to french fried chicken
tender right you got it tell em tell us
what happened so we hear janae cry from
the other room apparently her nap is a
very short one and I don't think you're
going to go not it and you know I can't
my hands are dirty and I stuck my
fingers like this my bed too I love
holding do name but it's been a really
long day so not it so how was your Harry
Potter party you guys make one out of
anything
yeah it's made out of a dowel it looks
like and then glue glue and are you glue
easel so lately we've been putting down
Kayla and Laura earlier and letting
Isaac Annelise breed and then go to bed
a little bit later but I'm so grateful
that my children love to read I think
it's good for their soul good for their
mind for our family
good for their future
yeah
