good morning I woke up this morning and
went for a run and by that I mean like a
mile and a half jog walk but it felt
great to be outside except I think it's
gonna be really hot today a long long
time ago when Jeremy and I were in
college we went on a date to one of
those like ceramics places where you
paint a bowl and I painted it to look
like watermelon and this morning I'm
eating watermelon out of my hand painted
watermelon bolts I want to show you is
the outside of the watermelon Bowl and
the inside YUM where's Kenya laughs Jame
that's your little sister oh look what's
her name gonna be
so what's going to be Janae's name it's
actually going to be janae how'd you
feel about today I'm here on an exercise
there's not going to splash bed you want
to set it up for us use the water here
come on then there we go let's go swish
it's getting all of this weight on me
you need my dad Marshall way to bring in
the muscle there we go
come on a triangle water understand what
do you think what are things we could do
to get water into it so do you know what
we do we stick this chair in the bathtub
that's a good idea yeah it will get
really wet for
you think show how fund is sitting there
I think we shout out high and the heel
is Giannini to back knee Destin girl
this morning it is hot out already and
so we're hitting a splash pad with our
friends and some cousins look at some
brand new splash pad and apparently only
south of the sprayers are actually
working today so a couple moms are
called and just let them know that it's
not working again the kids just
basically plugging a good time but it's
a little underwhelming we're excited
because people showed up to try to fix
this so hopefully all the sprinklers
will be getting going here in it and
then we'll be a lot more less but eating
in a splash pad you don't like all the
water and I don't know yeah you don't
want to get wet
are you gettin wet now what is it fun
hey okay Jamaica code these are so
celery peanut butter and raisins my mom
used to make this for me I like it it's
a healthy spanic hey healthy in Salem
Elise is joining me at my freezer
cooking club today which is awesome
because she's very helpful excited
you've come before but you don't come
every time yeah but now mom thinks that
I'm actually part of the team today the
recipe that we're in charge of making is
lettuce wraps like Asian lettuce wrap so
to get pajamas on the girl you want to
go take a nap
all right I'm okay with that why not
it's fair mmm why you have to make the
year involve their day just working on
keeps I've been downstairs in one of the
room hi I know this is a cup of sense
what I do with a four cup oh you got it
for success in each bag
and labeling all the bags for me she has
such beautiful handwriting each one gets
a teaspoon of sesame oil you want to
take a little man I'm glad you still
cook now we have to decide which of
these males are you dinner tonight they
all look good
all right down in the cart the Italian
meatballs so this one's chicken with
avocado cream sauce
release may are picking up a few things
a grocery store before we go home trying
to keep looking for opportunities at
summer to teach my kids new skills and
so I'm having to release shop for the
produce for us on earth lease knows
exactly where to go what do you need
first
he's on keep on keep on keep going keep
going keep going hard there it is laughs
so long bag okay I want you to get to
apples remember what are you looking for
when you're picking an apple okay right
apples it doesn't have a yes
how do you tell her there's a yucky spot
look he's a little brown spot the jumps
a nice firm apple looks like a nice job
just need one more you're very capable
you left
good job which one you want good joy
Isaac has been wanting plums let's take
them on form by these supposed to be
soft they are so when a plum is ripe
it's soft how does that one feel
good pretty good let's see oh that does
feel perfect here let's put in the bag
outlines are one sexy look you want
smaller sprinklers these ones make you a
little nervous
randomly on Amazon the other day I
bought this pack of tracing paper
because I'd heard somewhere that it's
good for kids that can help them develop
their artistic skills to trace some
things and you know we color all the
time we've tried painting but I don't
know if we've ever really tried tracing
so I got it out and we just got one of
our coloring books and each of the kids
has a sheet from that that they're
tracing it's really hot outside and we
played in water a lot today so it's nice
to have a quiet activity so you draw on
top of the line you trace the circle
follow the lines with your pencil good
job then you keep doing it then you
trace these lines and pretty soon you'll
have a crab good word good girl you Lise
what are you chasing okay hard to hold
the paper still reading without and
Isaac has been reading constantly here's
how he leases turned out so impressed
hey Labette turned out awesome what do
you think of tracing I like it what do
you mean no bacon makes me so happy I
love it so this is called Monterrey
chicken and it's got chicken and
barbecue sauce with bacon and cheese on
top she said she picked it because she
knew I didn't love it anybody will oh my
goodness
so Elise just french-braided Laura's
hair and spin around can we see your
face do you like it want you hung go
wash your hands for dinner
Wow sure you can be the waiter
that's Jeremy's dinner with dad portion
that one is for Elise our Isaac pretty
nice became my little gun you know yeah
he's loving it yes my Elsa you all are
my mrs. K before bedtime you guys want
some cake and ice cream
come on one of the best parts about a
birthday is the next day you get to have
leftover cake and ice cream so we're
going to have some chocolate cake and
ice cream before we go to bed so the
kids are wanting to eat okay in their
ice cream separate which is actually how
I prefer it as well together
good it's really good I can't
