I just realized that I can't find my
credit card
so today we are celebrating my birthday
and what we are doing is a day of dates
what I was thinking about is what brings
me great joy in life and what brings me
great joy is spending one-on-one time
with my family I love one-on-one
opportunity to my kids and just hearing
them talk and getting to do new things
with them and of course I love one on
one time with Jeremy so all day long
today I get to go on dates with every
member of my family and it's starting
with breakfast with miss Laura see ya
where are we going for breakfast I don't
know you do to be here hey yeah so while
Kendra's doing her day of dates I'm home
with the kids and we've been thinking
about and talking about things you love
about mom I love that she's able to
soothe janay immediately I unfortunately
am NOT able to do that I love that my
mom listens to me and that she likes to
snuggle with me and she likes to be with
me and she prays for us it's an eating
breakfast place what are you gonna order
Jeannie say happy birthday mom hey you
made me this year's high 33 with a good
year so between each little date with
the kids I get to come home and feed
janae and snuggle her and I just love
her little smiles I'm just in a good
mood what can I say his remembered a
town we're gonna go to Panera for lunch
you ready for your date
well thank you sir well thank you sir he
opened up my door for me you're a little
gentle dude I don't think that's how
that works
I keep dancing and we're also gonna
the so we chose one of these cookies
warm out of the oven
my mom is that she takes us to find
places and they just like love her and
she i like that cheering
and helps me read
poor caleb is freezing if he was really
good oh we were freezing well gentlemen
Jody you kill the table it's hot if you
break the cookie in half than I get to
choose have okay nursing home so there
was one fatal error in my plan I did not
make room for a nap in my day hey that's
not your name so I was just looking for
the car keys and the lease apparently
has it are you excited yeah you ready to
go yeah off we go
Lisa and I are now going to go get
pedicures leave the win listen up the
blue one who I kind of like this light
blue on back here
so I'm boring I think I want to do the
exact same color that I did last night
but the problem is I can't remember I
know it was a light pink but I don't
know exactly which one the least is
wanting to get creative so we chose blue
hey buddy what do you love about mom and
because she loves him and because she
takes us fun places she could start up
listen to me
what are some things you love about mom
let's get that hot mom takes care of me
have birthday present when I for ya when
you're four we're gonna have a party huh
Wow mama nice daddy
that's right time for and our yard
week three Lisa's getting a princess
pedicure which comes the manicure and a
popsicle it's pretty most excited about
that looks awesome
popsicle are you eating it so do your
nails from dry gorgeous I went with a
really light pink it's what I got last
time I got a pedicure which was right
before janae was born and I loved it
but this time I'm thinking but next time
I'm gonna go more bold I think my
favorite part of the pedicure is having
my feet just choke and like scrubbed and
massaged and then of course the chair is
awesome like our chair I'm going back
all the way show me she's leaning back
that feels good does it feel nice today
figuring out the massage chair features
a little ticklish City
hey Gregory up I love you Lisa those are
not so cute
I think it's time for me to be a little
bit more brave and bold with my colors
next time I come so let me know in the
comments below what color I should paint
my toenails like what colors are kind of
I don't know trendy for an adult person
kind of what I'm doing guys Kendra is
one of the most authentic people I know
like I love how honest she is with
herself painfully honest with herself
like she is aware of her weaknesses and
she's willing to face them and that's
that's something that really drew me to
her when we were dating and something
that I love about her with been married
time so one of the things that amazes me
about Kendra is her ability to start
stuff like when we moved to Kansas City
they didn't have a music group and so
she started one and she started a
service club and she started a summer
camp and when we were struggling with
infertility there wasn't like a support
group for it so she started one and had
it set up through the whole university
like her proactive approach to life is
inspiring and I love that I get to be a
part of a lot of the things she starts
and does shall we begin
we're down at the Plaza tonight the
unity a chain we have not eaten here in
years and I'm craving they let it crash
apparently birthdays are a lot about
eating at our house so often on the
plaza there's a bunch of fun different
stores and so we're just window shopping
one here and looking at the stack
so I don't like real shopping but window
shopping because you don't have to pay
for anything
Sen Johnny so we just have to do a
Barnes & Noble it's another fun place on
a date to just walk around in the
Norfolk stuff we hope
what do you learn in about three hour
nerdiness shining through so picking
books do you prefer to read fiction or
nonfiction let me know in the poll so
while we're here more Barnes & Noble I
just realized that I can't find my
credit card it might be back at the
restaurant we're looking for it I'm
calling in the rancher so I normally
have a wallet and I decided not to bring
my wallet tonight because it's just kind
of bulky so I just put the credit card
in my driver's license in my back pocket
it might not have been the best idea
well they went and within the vault here
they had a card but it wasn't mine well
that was it alright yeah I got ahold of
the restaurant and they're looking yeah
they would have been like
kind of bummed I really thought it was
going to be at the restaurant but
they're saying it's not from the
phonecall we're going to go and look
I got it
and the waitress me too hey sled that
would have been a generous tip you know
here's a tip and our Kritika it's a
really sad story I'm editing the video
and we deleted the footage of when
Kendra and Isaac went out on the canoe
trip it was the best part of the day and
I've been like so sad that it got
deleted
I did ask Isaac about it afterwards and
there's like a picture but here's a
little bit about what happened so we
won't tell her then I was super windy so
you can really get around and try to get
back to the deck about five times and it
won't work for one just kept pushing us
back and then I got stuck and then a
friendly pedal boat pushed us and then
we got stuck again while trying to get
back and eventually we got back it was
really fun because it was fun to try
mahmud she was encouraging me to keep
trying you have fun which will you sit
in yes
the kids are trained to hide from us I
see you kevie
their kids are claiming that they're not
here at the baby's favorite part
good night - now Jeremy and I have had a
goal since we met since we got married
and we are accomplishing that goal
checking it off varlet today yes
who is that stance
fashion show
you
