Jeremy and I have had a goal since we
met since we got married and we are
accomplishing that coal checking it off
Wireless today yeah
oh is that simple fashion show where
those nuts the car going to piano lesson
tune piano lesson to carry auto lessons
I swear with all this morning and Kayla
can't find his flippity-flop you can't
go barefoot so grab your flip-flops
great go find it look look so we've been
looking all over for the flip-flops and
now Caleb remembered they're in the car
it's really fun because the kids piano
teacher is there aunt Michelle and so
all of us come and just play with our
cousins during piano lessons or take now
the Laura's having a snack of some trail
mix you like the raisin no she's just
eating the nuts I'm leaving all the
routes we did your pain you know okay we
did and she did your hair didn't she
let's see that hair it it is it's an
Elsa braid looks nice
do you see out there yeah there's a deer
in our backyard it's right next to our
trampoline can we do oh is that Santa
yeah Shh I think he can hear you Laura
Laura that's a deer not a reindeer
deer can you actually fly what do you
think buddy oh yeah how cool to see a
deer in our backyard and you know what I
just realized I think it's a girl dear
boy deers have antlers oh I like it's
not a reindeer it's just a regular deer
I never can avoid it can tell it's not
Santa this is just a regular deer
Santa's our reindeer and they live at
the North Pole look what came in the
mail I'm really excited because Isaac's
life vest came in the mail today and he
and I are going mooing tomorrow
oh it's my birthday and I want to go
canoeing and Isaac's going to come with
me here turn around give it a spin
fashion show so this is a life vest for
youth that are 50 to 90 pounds it looks
to fit pretty well practice like rowing
a boat do you know how to row a boat now
we're going to newing so how would you
canoe a boat now we'll teach you
tomorrow what you doing what is that
look forward is for follow say for
anyone say from daddies why both of
being so hot and muggy out because
they're wanting to play in water or with
water all the time so I decided to do
something different today I move the
water table in the pool up to the deck
it's covered so it's nice and shady
there and then I took out some of my
kitchen stuff and I'm letting them play
with the kitchen stuff in water so
pretending cooking whether there's a big
forest in the middle of our plate and
there's our legs are in our school
another snake snake and reindeer yeah
quite the forest makes more okay I'm
getting all the batteries
I make cupcakes cupcakes and popsicles
what do you make it Laura uncle baby
client Rhonda what's your job is made by
debate yes cool
I'm stating to O'Neill or tonight the
course thing in the water ends in that
path it always here's the aftermath of
the water play we're going to go
swimming with aunt Michelle and then
have a peep at her house I need you to
clean up can you guys get all the toys
Thanks all right let's carry those in
before we head out swimming we are
taking a moment to do something really
exciting as a family Jeremy and I have
had a goal since we met since we got
married the entire time we've known each
other and we are accomplishing that goal
checking it off our list today and we
wanted our kids to be with us for that
moment to teach them about it and to
kind of celebrate as a family we'll have
to find some way to celebrate we should
go to Disneyland so I guess what we're
doing today we are buying our hey so
we've been living here with a loan from
the bank
it's where you borrow money it's an IOU
so the bank says here is money pay us
back but today we're going to completely
pay off the bank and own the house 100%
this is our house what we have to
respect it in take care of it what do
you think of us buying our house it down
down up for a lobby and I'm writing my
music oh you wanna buy a new house no
we're going to pay for this house that's
what I thought you were going to do that
for a human life
Wow you know mom and I when we bought
our wedding ring we decided not to get a
diamond when we went through law school
I didn't have a smartphone I didn't even
have a text messaging and we went
through today Nia worked three jobs July
and I worked three jobs and mom works
and we went through law school with no
debt and we've been really blessed along
the way we lived in a smaller house than
what we
for we've made a lot of decisions to
make it possible today to pay our house
this is like one of the big like biggest
things I buy your hand bears get married
check by my own house check so when we
still have to nice and we're killing
just us let's go get ice cream
unfortunately there's a next checkbox
that we're now saving for and that's
called retirement that's called helping
you guys survive for the next little bit
like we still have a lot of stuff worth
paying for well and we're going to need
a new van at some point we want to save
up money to buy a new van what's that
face I like to have a new vision yeah we
also want to invest in things and be
wise with our money
so sometimes we get ice cream don't you
say yes ice cream sometimes yeah I'm
gonna write the check let's do it
today's the last check check to the bank
we're grateful for the ways that this
will open doors in the future for other
opportunities for serving and doing
charity and other ways we really feel
blessed well we've been having a good
discussion with the kids about paying
off our house and what that means and
what a loan is and trying to teach them
all these complicated things but as
we're talking it's reminding me of when
we chose to buy this house I remember
walking through the house I remember
seeing the backyard for the first time
and it also reminds me of all the
memories and things we've done in this
house I'm so grateful and excited that
this house is ours and I'm really proud
of Jeremy he's worked really hard and
working over
/ back home we had a ton of fun over at
my brother's as I was driving up I
walked out through our back and we could
see all of the fireflies just glowing in
the different trees in the darkness it
was beautiful
good night Jay house app unicorn was
sprinkled rodeo event
