unicorn with sprinkles first rodeo event
is a race to sleep money diaper
breakfast
good morning the Sun is awake and so
must you be aware baby girl there we go
please it's time for breakfast come on
good morning cater them blind
how'd you sleep
this smells awful good
do you like it making you bed do that
part you want me to help you yeah sure
you do nice making power force where my
friend she couldn't come to the book
club
reading in don't it's so cute it's gonna
make her feel better I think so this
morning is the first meeting of Elise's
book club and we're talking about this
book that they all read is called
cowgirl Kate and Coco and it's about a
cowgirl and her horse Coco and the horse
is a talking horse
so we first talked about the characters
and what the girls notice from the book
and now they are drawing pictures of the
talking pets that they wish they had in
their lives there's looks a lot like
Coco penguin and a blue bird what needs
to be done because I like horses to know
what they're doing so I was going to
make cowboy cookies which are super
yummy like oatmeal chocolate chip cookie
but I thought it would be more fun to
let the girls each invent their own
thing and so we're going to make peanut
butter energy bites I'm going to let
each of the girls start with peanut
butter and then they can add as many
other ingredients as they want they're
going to roll them up into little balls
and then they can taste their own and
each others
did you sneak a bite I saw that my
mother shops okay let's see it data
alright well here are how their cowgirl
energy bites turned out I think Eminem's
was probably the favorite ingredient so
try one of each one and then you can
also get some apples hmm so good which
one are you eating Zaidan ah Italy
Elise's any like it yeah really good so
what are we gonna do now now it's time
for rodeo a very homemade gravy alright
so the first rodeo event is a race okay
you guys are gonna do two laps you have
to jump over to snake around the
trampoline
yeah oh they both did it about the same
time all right we decided to try the
three girls against dad wait I need my
hat I'll be right back
Jeremy has to fill up one jar before the
three girls can work together to fill up
two jars
did you guys hide his cup yeah don't
tell him don't tell you guys are sneaky
here's their opponent cowboy Jeremy you
guys are in big trouble
I was one cowboy foot right leg up you
hit my hook your gap don't get boys
nighty
oh come again all right who's gonna win
all right is everybody's cup empty yes
get set go one is done the girls have
one done oh okay let's do a rematch I'll
try it set go
you did good job that actually went
really well that was a lot of fun our
next book club book is going to be Nate
the great it's a little mystery book and
so I don't know we're going to do for
book club it'll be something about
solving a mystery together and the girls
suggested that we have a snack again and
play with water again apparently those
were the hits from today so anyway if
you are also around first or second
grade and you want to read Nate the
great I'd love to see pictures of you
reading Nate the Great Khan posted on
our Facebook page send it to us share it
to us we'd love to hear about the fun
books that you're reading I wish that we
could just have this book club be with
all of you
hey Laura what did you make me a girl so
beautiful thanks for making it for me
thanks try it on I want to see how fancy
it can look oh is it too big for you if
your does it fit me yeah this is a very
nice necklace and loving it it's so
colorful you did very naivety keep it
forever yeah thank you you're welcome
I'm really excited because Jeremy and I
just decided what we're going to do for
my birthday and my birthday's in a
couple days and we have some fun like
just family activities we're going to do
but I'm actually getting a present and I
mean I've had like little birthday
presents each year but as an adult you
know sometimes it's just not super
exciting to have a birthday and this
year I'm genuinely like tickled excited
is tickled excited a word like I'm giddy
that's the word I'm giddy I'm so excited
about my present so I think we're gonna
be working on it tomorrow and yeah I'm
glad to tell you guys more in just
noodles what about the spaghetti sauce
yeah you don't want any spaghetti sauce
yeah so reven spaghetti tonight and this
was one of the staples I mean once a
week growing up and so I'd love to hear
in the comments what are meals that you
eat very often
let us know not comment while we were
getting dinner ready a couple of our
kids were having a really hard time and
Kendra and I have lately been really
trying to focus on teaching our kids
when they're disobeying rather than just
punishing them and kendra has been so
patient she was able to really listen
and get to the core of what was going on
and I think it was just tired hungry
kids but I'm really proud of Kendra
that's an area you don't often get to
see in our vlog we don't focus on our
discipline because we're not normally
filming during that time but I just want
to remember that we're really trying and
you did amazing today Thanks it's not
easy sometimes to be a parent but we are
trying we're trying to learn how to
teach them and that takes time and
patience so janae I noticed it's even
quite a little double chin it's so
adorable and I've always wondered why
double chins are cute on babies and not
cute on adults is that not cute there's
no general chance let's see your double
chin miss janae I'm using the most
flattering filming angle too by the way
did it we come back we didn't even see
it
I could have to do anything it's just a
double chin there we go there's a double
chin yeah he goes the person there's a
double chin so basically babies just
don't have necks I think they have
double chins well we are headed out on a
special family treat night tonight and
it's special because the kids have been
working hard all week to earn this
reward this is our vase or cup depending
on what you think
Isaac's Christmas gift but it is full
with cotton balls now every single
cotton ball here represents a time of
the kid's choosing to follow
instructions immediately the first time
that we've asked we've been really
working on following instructions and
the respectful way to do that and so now
that this base is full we are going as a
family for the very first time to a new
Kansas City tree place what do you want
Laura
the unicorn one of course America let's
leave our Dooku
Oh unicorn so some friends of ours
actually opened this shaved ice shack
for the first time this summer is called
Lilo's our niece works here and we've
been so excited to come and try the
shade a unicorn was wrinkled beautiful
oh it is I love it more than any react
pad around
how's the unicorn flavored one whoa
white they're innocent so my favorite
moment while you were sitting there
eating is we sat down at a table with
this other mom and daughter and we were
just talking to them and getting to know
them and Laura looks over and she says
did you guys fill up your vase too and
she thought that everybody that was
coming today had to be filling up their
little vases with cotton balls if you
guys want to come again you're gonna
have to fill up the vase again guys you
want to stay at shaved-ice the rest of
the game good night dear Sam they're
gonna be dead
what nothing so we've been having a
problem recently that they've been
arguing over who gets to sit where you
guys need to work this out go sit on the
front porch and let me know when you
have a plan I've been a little nervous
there's a frog down here
