don't again what until we've been having
a problem recently that they've been
arguing over who gets to fit where you
guys need to work this out go sit on the
front porch and let me know when you
have a plan it's done a little nervous
you're the Frog down
so this upcoming Sunday Isaac was asked
to give a talk in church and he was
given a topic
choosing the right and he has been
working on a business and choosing good
not bad
for example let's say my mom asks me to
load the dishes she's in the right would
be saying yes not choosing the right
would be run away and we're saying no I
try to say yes if you choose the right
role be blessed and so alive I'm so
proud of you did it all by yourself
finally see it kid old enough to do that
you're getting old
yeah you have a birthday coming you're
gonna get even older yeah birthday
coming in huh this is breakfast what
water yogurt carrot kale I can think
help did not have any room mango and
frozen berries ready
so end up looking a little bit like
diarrhea but it's actually cause your
diarrhea smoothie it's amazing but I
don't like the name let's call it yummy
healthy smoothie or gonna happen
sometimes the grocer looks the better it
is for you so here's an actual good name
for it a mangled carrot kale strawberry
blueberry blackberry raspberry Andy
voiceover in water hello hey she's
actually like trying to play with this
just getting so big
you're so aware our baby is getting so
big good job holdin a wedding video we
are going to gymnastics our first summer
janowska
I'm doing something that I have never
done before I'm taking all five of my
kids to the grocery store I think we can
do this so I put janae in the carrier
and we only need a few things we're
taking dinner to some friends of ours
tonight that are busy moving and I need
something and so I had no other choice
but to come with everyone it's going to
be fun right guys
Apple Bowl we're surviving so far
luckily the big kids are really helpful
Isaac's pushing the cart Lee sees
healthy
my favorite kind of horizontal
we're ending up leaving there's more
than I expected by because probably
because I'm really really hungry right
now okay
behave please anyway shopping hungry is
never a good idea I think we ended up
with cookie dough and ice cream and who
knows what else
you think our total is going to be 99
cents yes that middle we're getting out
of here just inside today is getting
sensitive so our three younger kids are
in car seats so every time they get in
the car they just sit in their car seat
but Isaac and Elise are in booster seats
and they can sit in each other's booster
seats and so we've been having a problem
recently that they've been arguing over
who gets to sit where and so finally
today I said guys you guys need to work
this out go sit on the front porch and
let me know when you have a plan and so
they are trying to come up with a plan
about how to share our like who's
sitting where so we'll see what they
come up with all right so what's the
plan the plan is definitely we just
switched on every day so the first is my
turn thunder from I haven't heard from
him in two years The Audacity encounters
hmm the two-year plan I love you guys
thanks for figuring out a solution to
your problem
what we're done with Discovery time but
the little girls are still sleeping and
so I'm taking a moment to teach the kids
something that I've been wanting to
teach them for a while the big kids oh
okay sorry I thought it was a bug I've
decided that it's time for the big kids
to learn some goods oven safety skills
I'm ready for them to learn how to put
something in the oven and take something
out of the oven the oven is cold and so
I'm trying to teach the skills right now
when the oven is not and we're going to
try doing it with a hot oven and bake
some cookies for our neighbors that
we're taking energy tonight cool alright
the oven is still cold keep it flat good
job we don't want any of those cookies
to fall off the sheet okay now this you
got to really watch on this side that
you don't bump your hand good job
keeping it level level no open it up see
just Anheuser good job keep it flat oh
you're doing a great job at those
cookies
good work good job keep it level keep it
level
oh don't burn yourself by bringing it
back who wants to make some real cookies
what temperature we gonna preheat the
oven to I did 325
and then you have to hit start you guys
are going to make these cookies all by
yourselves
so once I'm a grown-up like married
grown-up
um I'm gonna like get these cookies out
and once my kids are asleep I'm gonna
just take them and eat them all by
herself but I might share with one
person who would you share with I don't
know maybe your wife it means she might
want one mm-hmm would you share with me
there Tony good what no I won't I'm
going to live next door to you and be a
grandma to your children how will you
know where I live
could you tell me where you live no I
can send you Christmas present only can
um adult Christmas presents like a
vacuum cleaner
dance um maybe you might have to buy
your own phone because you'll be a big
person you have to do your own work and
buy your own phone and your own car and
your own electricity let's get to work
all right so we bought easy
chocolate-chip cookies today Caleb can
you put them on the tray for us
you
what are you thinking I sound a little
nervous if you don't want to try you
don't have to I won't either
help me please oh you just show me what
I need
well I will definitely help you deal
ready
if you need to go to the side luckily
you can so don't touch the cookies
good job to the level
okay now shut the oven you did it
is noggin so we're going to share some
with our friends but I bet they'll be
some friends - the kids are outside
playing in the water again they have
water guns this time so they're really
excited about that and I am putting
together dinner to take to our neighbor
I'm using a freezer meal so it's just
easy and it is called honey lime chicken
enchiladas it's one of our favorite
here's the filling for the enchiladas
and then there's this topping and then
you cover it all in a can of mild green
chili enchilada sauce which is one of my
favorite oh and she's obviously opened
me lunch we draw you guys not a frog
there's a frog down here oh it is
definitely alive oh my goodness shy it
looks like oh it's a cute little frog
it's a baby slide we think it's a baby
frog here let's see if daddy can move
the thing for us so we can get him out
oh oh that's yucky back there use the
middle ground
I think you're right people try to catch
him hard enough apiece how do you think
it because this ILO is between plate
can you see you're right the underside
of his legs are yellow so I just came
running out and said well the fire
alarms going off I come running in the
house is quiet turns out with our rice
cooker which to be honest makes a really
crazy love zone
I haven't heard a fire alarm in our
house really so I didn't really know was
and I forgot our rice cooker run so left
so I just ran outside and all the
parents it's a fire alarm well that's a
really smart idea you should always tell
us if you think there's a fire in your
house all right you guys can go back
down and play with the from I don't want
to lose it
perfect it when did you freaked out
I don't like some we named the froggy
Junior do you know yeah kinda hard to
see you froggy in the dirt I try and
catch it my best football can frogs
bringing in water um I don't know why
but thanks in what's your plan for
catching junior maybe I should explain
until a hostage
he'll just pop right in there maybe okay
you guys you stay here and waiting you
let me know if he hops in okay
we're going to be fat
get your hands out there hold him you
got to get in front of him or he's going
to get into the woods she jumped reckon
you did it hurt
did it surprise you
Lauren were you just telling me about
jealousy
mousse Caleb junior Wragge have you held
him at sort of honoring from security
very thoughtful and there's a crack in
there so you can breathe right yeah I'm
trying my giving them food and water
what I tried checking somebody before
he's not but they're not commenting okay
that might not work to catch the bugs by
just hoping they fly into your bowls you
can touch me here do you think we should
let them back out into the woods thank
you
Oh Caleb how do you think juniors mum
and dad feels about you keeping in rain
and glory tomorrow morning
well did you ask permission if you could
stay the night I know his mom dad what
you up my hand just stay the night but I
want to keep it we probably should
respect what his mom and dad won't let
him go before the night well the food's
all ready to go deliver to our neighbors
and I'm kind of sad they've been such
great neighbors I'm really sad to see
them moving I got the hot stuff
and Elise has the salad and the cookies
ready to go yeah you're letting junior
go Wow what made you decide to let
junior go there goes junior do you think
he's going back to his mom and dad
anything we had an adventure today he'll
say this boy and this girl they caught
me and they took such good care of me
well Junior has made it all the way over
here to the edge of the woods it's
almost there you think that's where his
mom is yeah guys here you rule
goodbye Junior thanks for playing with
us dad to let him go home
you took really good care of him buddy
all right tell him what you did I
cleaned the whole kitchen the whole
kitchen look it looks amazing she wiped
the table the counters swept the floor
loaded the dishwasher DISA dishes I am
so proud of you guys look how amazing
this is what what oh my goodness and she
washed all of these what I'm so proud of
you we are so pumped to have you in our
family
you want to give us a good night good
night
okay house down Oh God you got it looks
really good way too much clean that out
