look at those guns you got it looks
really good way too much bling that out
anyone home
no one oh there's kind of stuff I
decided to make a tornado place and I
wrestled like cabled so Caleb and Laura
had been up for an hour or so before
anybody else is awake except me in the
it is clean is that how you come out
here see my family muscles were strong
that baby is been in all these different
places this morning and I keep thinking
it's our baby
you put that baby there well it it's
just a baby doll I can't mine this is
cherry
what's your baby's name Laura I can name
here I mean sure Karen are for Jenna for
it's a great name Laura that's
definitely the beginning of a mystery
novel kids Jenna Florida that's my name
can Laura well she's a very pretty baby
laughs you left I loved you I love you
I'm really excited I got this crazy idea
from Pinterest and I want to try it and
nothing that I tried from Pinterest ever
turns out the way I think it's going to
work but this one looks really easy like
maybe I can manage it so we have one of
those like super old plastic playhouses
we got it from a neighbor that was going
to throw it away and the kids have been
playing with it for a couple years and
we like it but I saw on Pinterest how
you can paint them so they look like
fresh and new again step one is to scrub
it down so I got the kids into their
swimsuits and we're going to fill up
this bucket with soapy water and we are
going to clean this thing then we have
to take it apart and then we buy paint
and spray paint it how hard can that be
right
famous last words I know I know it's
gonna be way harder than I think but
probably spray paint something did you
guys hear what I'm going to do yeah what
did you hear we're going to get
scrumptious and shout and pulling the
whole out house and think that and
outfit and then what are we gonna do
play we're gonna paint it we're gonna
paint it like a new color so it'll look
like a pretty house
your friends out working to begin it
here is the before of this dirty out
we'll see if we're able to transform it
you guys ready to work yeah rubbing
apparently our O's has quite the week in
it maybe trying to hold the leaks all
right now we strapped yeah all right
let's get to work
that is dirty is dirt in between every
single one
good job Lee's gonna be similarly with
induct on it does feel a little bit like
a car wash doesn't it okay whoa that is
so much cleaner already I bet you're
Amelia that whole side I didn't agree
should just like each block is a
different color okay no raises yeah
a rainbow house uh-huh clean that out so
I was actually thinking we could try to
paint it about the same color as our
house so it would look kind of cute and
matchy like a little mini house in the
backyard got some serious stuff going on
there's the hose leak still Laura got
ahold of the soap bottle while I was
taking care of janae
yeah wait earlier we have too much soap
you know
so they having to turn so much soap but
that's okay we will just rinse it off
and it's a lot cleaner than it used to
be fine I can't get enough of you today
we're starting a new thing this summer
and it is called discovery time here's
what we do I get out this bin and it
only comes out during discovery time
each of the kids chooses two things from
the bin and then they have to go to a
separate room all on their own and I set
the timer for 30 minutes I'm not doing
summer school this summer we're taking a
break from homeschooling just so we can
relax and enjoy the summer time and so
this is what we're doing to get some
nice quiet in the middle of our day so
you put all these limbs in and then you
figure out how to fill up the white spot
you did what good job you solve it that
is fun it took like the wait a minute
you turn on the animals look at the dog
it looks really good hmm said a frog
mm-hmm just an elephant fizzle um try to
figure out how to fit in those last two
feet I got got one okay I got to get the
other one that's it
already dude you want me to set up a
harder one for you
so wheelies and I are sitting here
finishing up a book that she's been
reading I'm gonna show you up yeah all
right so it's called cowgirl Kate and
Coco so we are hosting this little book
club and we chose this book because
elese really liked horses and so it
looks like it would be a fun one we're
going to do a book club and all the
girls are going to come together and
we're going to talk about it and then
we're going to do an activity bedroom
you can do it
groan why did he tell me but she climbed
out of her sleeping bag and gave him
three carrots and now I'm thinking about
what I'm out running some errands this
morning and I'm actually going to get a
jenay's birth certificate I haven't
gotten her copy of that yet and with our
recent travels I needed it and so I'm
going to go get one well that was a
little bit too easy there was no line
and it only took a few minutes and so
now I got her birth certificate which
will help when we're traveling all right
I'm with you guys swimming just no
drowning okay it's super careful
opening your charm ready and now you
roll out the interval easily
really and you keep it straight up you
guys keep it handy
okay hence the C and then D and go
around it
all right now do you go in that
department
Isaac's shoes are getting a little bit
beat up we might need to get you new
ones really soon thanks for being
against for it the main reason we came
to Target today is to get new shoes for
Isaac all right what says a shootie with
I want trike
how do you think favor I think you look
really handsome really really athletic
montre shirt make sure that what I'm
saying yeah you guys are not comfortable
not comfortable I wouldn't get them
Isaac wanted to put them on right now I
think those motions any longer like do
you like his new shoes
Leyla got um a nerd in our pizzas for
dinner this is a new one that we have
not tried before it's like a pesto
chicken and then pepperoni and cheese
and Jeremy just added some like olives
and green onions those are three minions
soldier green peppers we can hear her
phone this is that moment where I'm
calling her we're trying to find the
throne I think we do this four or five
times a day I know and you fall did it
fall back here is it under the couch
sometimes it's in the purse
I need you to clean the whole room do
you like that game and then - ow
