they compete so he that was weird she
pooped everywhere it's a big one guys
it's all of her back
there you guys looks like someone might
have lost their dog our neighbor and I'd
like a Facebook group and so I'm going
to go on there and just let everyone
know that there's a Great Dane in the
backyard what's her name
Daisy she is beautiful that was oh yeah
and once they found Daisy she was a
beautiful dog she didn't bark Bella and
she was back there I went out to the
front and found people just like
wandering the streets and told them that
we had her up on the deck and where's
your shirt mister hi
well heaven how'd you sleep last night
ma'am good
all right so full question have you ever
had a pet that got lost
let us know in the poll well we've been
working on tons of laundry and there's
still more to go this morning but then
we're doing something fun we're headed
to the library to sign up for the summer
reading program did you dress yourself
I can dance here dad until I put on me
hand and dance so I know thank you
you are already so what song would you
like me to help you with your hair all
right well you're looking pretty cute
can you help me fold some laundry before
we go whoa do you think you're getting
gum after we fly how's it feel to be
back to chores you miss Arizona you're
so cool Caleb's been unloading the
dishwasher you want to go to the library
today Joe and sign up for the library
summer reading program is just where you
sign up to read books and then get
prizes oh yeah beautiful well it feels
like quite the accomplishment you've
made it out of the house this morning I
think we're having a little bit of
vacation jet lag or just you know it's
hard to get back from vacation sometimes
but we're excited to sign up for the
summer reading program today and get
some good books and get read
thanks for getting the door Caleb
I know how
you tried to get the library I'm
teaching Isaac how to use the library
catalog found a book go put it on the
tile grocery delivery day jeromy's
cleaning out the fridge likes amazing
person
thank you not a fun job isn't he still
back there something nothing like their
fridges have a way of doing that cereal
was on sale so we bought a lot of cereal
I love grocery shopping day because
there's always so much good food like
there's fresh produce and elementary our
cousin Ali is here today and the girls
wanted to paint so since I didn't have
canvases I just decided to put a regular
piece of paper on a clipboard and put it
on our easels and hoping that works out
we'll see Laura what are you gonna paint
today ah what's pink Oh with pink what's
a lot to get then oh yeah all right show
me which pink you want there it is what
is this called
palette Jean yes they see what are you
gonna pink today I have no idea house
and see what comes out of your
paintbrush yeah so Ally what did you say
your painting are we saw we saw like the
Mona Lisa yeah always a portrait of a
leaf that's going to be fun we should
you know it you're painting yet I'm
going to do base background of this
color and then I'm going to do a lot of
swirls kind of abstract is in right with
Laura what are you painting
with this pink and then I'm gonna write
the marvelous whoo-whoo with it Ali Ali
if you think in you and your pink feels
good to be back home and the kids are
playing with their Kansas City cousins
we have them over this afternoon so the
boys I think are running off into a
secret fort boys where you headed
okay fun you don't like my name is Elise
Elise is just okay so this is Ali's Mona
Lisa but it's any least ELISA because
it's a view lease that turned out
awesome good job with the glasses so
colorful oh I didn't turn down any
blackboard so it was supposed to be you
anyway finale but it turned into a black
forest yeah well I really like it it's
very beautiful so all of these art
supplies are left over from Elise's
birthday party when she turned seven
earlier this year she has an art
extravaganza party and we haven't gotten
a mouse from any time so this is a fun
chance to get them out and let the kids
paint I don't know why it's so much more
fun to paint with an easel and with a
palette but it is double max I'm we're
doing frozen yogurt dry for good I guess
I'm like making the laser maze it's not
done yet but it looks pretty cool so far
so you can own over it for I set the
whole thing up I do a pulley system
treat
good
Oh
Caleb are people trained your laser maze
yes yeah go through okay let's see it oh
you judge well we've arrived at my
favorite time of day it's quiet
I told each of the kids to grab three or
four books and define some place in the
house where they're all by themselves
and just to read and I'm setting a timer
we're doing thirty minutes of quiet time
jenay's napping and it's just kind of
that's nice
hello Saturday should I arrange a visit
now I'm ready
Shh why do I have to buy yourself
non-electronic so apparently Isaac to
the bathroom yeah I just thought your
managers understand what are you reading
manifesting on the back friggin they
could be yes the dream of interfering
talking we're trying a new recipe for
dinner tonight called loaded nitro
casserole I gave Jeremy a couple choices
and he was like obviously not just
that's what I want for dinner so this is
the recipe loaded nacho casserole it's
just like chili underneath chips with
cheese looks good Bigelow and these are
our new favorite salads it's a chop
salad they were on sale like two weeks
ago and now I love them they've got the
sale all right we're getting ready to
eat dinner the loaded nacho casserole
the chopped salad and cantaloupe we are
always hungry
what are you smiling about that I do
marry good you boot she pooped
everywhere it's a big one guys it's all
up her back so she's going to get a bath
I've been wondering and I would love to
do a poll question on this Jame his eyes
are still blue and i beginni least both
had blue eyes at the beginning and then
they turn brown Caleb amara both just
kept blue eyes and so I've been watching
her eyes trying to figure out they're
going to go brown or they're going to
stay blue I'd love to hear your opinion
what do you think is Jamaican how blue
or granite okay what do you guys think
it's so hard to tell in the camera I
think she's going to go Brown
I generally lean toward she's going
rounder than everyone so I get a glimpse
and I'm like those are really blue you
should clean up your poop and we'll give
you a bath
say good night
