good morning this is our last day at the
cabin and we are off to a rough start
there's been a little stomach bug going
through the family and you know our kids
have had moments of nausea but we
haven't had anything super serious with
our kids
Jeremy woke up feeling super sick this
morning and that's hard because we're
traveling home today so I'm trying to
get everything packed up and in Jeremy's
trying not to throw up
so Jeremy is really tough about sickness
so for him to be sleeping and not
feeling up to helping pack up you must
be really sick he made it out we packed
up now we're saying goodbye the cars
such a fun family reunion it's just not
I think our experience and also a lot of
it
these are completely tired from how much
fussing at
so we resumes with our poor kids or in
the customs the world but again we have
to stop to get them but I don't want you
because that you thought was against we
go
are you done
better it's the fish short stomach bug
what
it's only lasted like that today
I think I'm uh
you wanted to drive that is Gatorade on
hand after secretary Gaza we now only
have one job sleeping as we call that
applause that last because today is
having a little bit hard she's ready to
fly home no you don't want to play home
sad to leave
want to say what's up with you
everything feels tonight Katie bear we
have to get back home how about you are
you guys go home
hopefully this close organ plays of our
trip
here's all of our bags everything is all
loaded up this beast has two car seats
in it check that thing out
the poor sick man will now carry
everything
hashtag dad life falling behind dad
we're going to walk let's go
hi Jeremy Collin daddy the elevators
were really grateful because at this
rental car facility you can actually
check your bags so we're going to get
rid of all the stuff to Jeremy's got
right now and get it checked straight
over to our airline you turn to airport
we headed to an airplane so usually the
early bag check works for Southwest but
today it doesn't so we have to take all
of this on the shuttle
tonight
we're doing anything we can to keep you
busy while we wait longer and put one
foot on top getting
Oh
we had wipes in the bag it's funny we've
never had a bag search and we just has
three search party I'm not in our best
travel day but it's not been our worst
not yet we are so grateful that we made
it to our exit and is just scary out
here and we were taking every mile one
mile at a time that's what it is so
we're heading to the airport but the
tornado sirens are going off so I don't
really know Jeremie up here to the left
is the library can we pull in there
maybe when you're driving you're
supposed to take cover
okay let's uh play on the letters
this is insane so we finally got all the
kids to sleep not driving and the car
sparks like shaking crazy and we have a
flat tire guy Richard I think are you
okay yeah I'm so sorry you're not
feeling good buddy
I was actually sleeping when Kendra woke
me up which is like the car you see all
right
and so pulled over and then so we have
the family all in the library and they
have everyone in a shelter so Jeremy
drops the kids and I off at the library
and we hurried in all Jeremy went and
parks the car and claiming himself and
as we walked in there was a library
employee right at the front and they
said thank you for coming in like take
shelter like all the bathrooms or the
shelter there's about 20 people in each
of the bathrooms and little shaken up
about it
so by glad that the morning ended and
hopefully now we can make our flight on
time the sirens came back on so we're
going back in there's a pretty big
snowdrift
right behind our car pushing the car and
we might have to push the tractor
so our flight was supposed to fly out at
6:05 and I just updated the status that
no longer says on time and now says
10:30 departure
you guys the IAE is closed I mean if
there's something going on up ahead so
that they are just examples
you to the pilot
come on
give me
you happy to be back in Kansas City
after a long day we mindly see the man
it's over at home he came for we are
it's great here it is so green and there
was a beautiful sunset that welcomed
them I was due to be like getting
piercings into filament but it was
really hello James City we made it
we're here to feel so good to be here we
got oh it was hard to be in a car seat
we're so sorry I never traveling again
until next month today was a hard day of
travel but even in the midst of a hard
day there were happy moments though I'm
trying to remember those so that I will
ever want to travel again and we're
going to event so we can wake up happy
tomorrow and have a good day
Sansa I just found out involving I'm
feeling pretty determined I really want
to figure out with this verdict
you found a clown you're driving all by
yourself buddy
