we are celebrating my grandparents 60th
wedding anniversary I just feel a little
nervous
all the adults are doing yoga tk20 so
every morning around 5:00 a.m. caleb is
up with his work gloves on ready to come
and work and today he's starting today
building with Caitlin what are you
building
sweet once you stand up tall and put
this in here up hey a little bit more oh
that's high so we need a couple more
screws and I need four people that can
help with the screw a little bit more
you hanging out with your great-grandma
you did it now the kids are doing
puzzles and they're like personalized
puzzles that my mom and dad made
beforehand of our cabin pictures and
some old family pictures so yeah good
job this is a picture that might
granddad and Jake and Isaac are working
on a puzzle of this cabin when you work
on would round pencils roll away square
pencils don't roll away in the shed I
have a red tool cabinet that rolls
around
it's got drawers go to the bottom drawer
or the one right above it and there's a
little hammer that you use the other day
so you notice that is in there baby
we may have to tap it in but it will fit
perfectly a little tap a little tap over
here a little tap down here little tap
up here my birdhouse is finally done
just pop it hanging up the birdhouse
this is a good name I like their making
sure that the ladder does not move I was
wrong about this other birdhouse is one
that my great-grandpa built which means
the kids great-great grandpa and then
it's been hung up here at the cabin and
there's actually some baby birds in
there right now and it's so fun watching
the mother bird come and go with little
bugs and worms and things
alright so grandmom and the girls are
making her famous wacky cake today
chocolate it's a key ingredient in wacky
cake Laura's helping with the sugar so
my grandma has been making this cake
recipe for years and she uses it to make
and decorate wedding cakes and so it's
really exciting to be able to get the
girls still the Baker with her clientele
now is a good throw buddy pretty well
you're right underneath there so do you
hit it or do you have to actually get it
to go through now Mike and I have joined
the game there's been some pretty
amazing shots it's been super fun oh not
that me right through
nobody arguing but we you just make cake
from scratch what do you think that I
know this cake recipe has no eggs in it
I want for my wedding and my pinky oh
good job planning ahead you're doing it
you're a cupcake Baker she's cleaning up
do you clean in you get it clean okay
which is laying Caleb one of those
important life skills balancing dad run
ahead this one and then have all these
all at the same time again why are we
young down a swing set the pretty self
power have you ever heard of a zipline
cubby so we build what does this line do
hey guys there you go sorry you want to
help us build it we need a workshop to
the workshop a workshop we go we're
setting up the zipline Bakley it's his
first ride going gonna try it again
I'll try it again
you want to try feeling nervous about
the zipline which is getting the helmet
for extra protection
how you feeling a little nervous
you got this okay just hold on okay you
ready just keep holding on just keep
holding on that's right again yeah Rosen
here we go I love this about Caleb he
was so scared of trying this and he's
been very resistant but now he's trying
a little bit to the ten cupcakes are
finished so now it's time to decorate
our ger and Caleb are up first take the
bigger force you want your own answers
all right Caleb chose blue so there's
lots of fun chopping Lego candy always
in it this creation looks awesome
you have to attack big boys are up next
so what kind of toppings are you
thinking for a girl and how about some
Legos yeah desam I think the kids are
just trying to get as much candy as
possible on top of their cupcakes so we
can eat more candy which just means
they're smart kids with my left hand
then that quiz which dexterity splinters
in that way though they're a little well
let me help you Homer got it he got it
all on his own there's the splinter it's
much better perils of being out in the
wilderness gummy worms wrapped around
like this
you putting rocks on your cupcake yeah
me is my cupcake I'm just going to camp
it's time to bust out the ATVs my family
is babysitting so that Jeremy and I can
go on a quick ATV ride together
let's do is going to be romantic
we made it up here higher into the woods
it's gorgeous
it's really pretty up here I love the
view
what ok we're not scared so I realize
that I haven't even introduced you guys
to my family yet I'm sorry about that so
this is my brother he's my little
brother see how little you know she's
Uncle Mike he's like 3 years younger
than me here he's three and a half years
I do something like that is my older
sister Tiffany hi got janae at the
moment so she's two three years older
than me
something like that oh you may liked it
I made this for mommy it's a bracelet
did you crochet it yeah
so Caleb crocheted this with his fingers
my grandmom taught him it's really into
it amazing room he wanted to show oh I
can tighten it I can change the size how
is your neck
where are you painting so I'm helping
with dinner right now we actually have a
schedule all through of different meals
that we'll be eating and who's helping
with food assignments and then here's
the master schedule of all the events of
the reunion so it's been very organized
thanks to mugga and papa woo the boys
are making what we call cat in tacos a
double-decker take a flour tortilla add
semolina okay so be there lined up ready
to put the taco meat and toppings on
good job David with tomatoes the job
assembly-line are you helping with
dinner Laura
all right we're having like five days
here at the cabin
and I haven't picked up my phone almost
ever we don't get reception here we
don't have internet it's so nice to not
be checking all the stuff that we
normally check when we're on our phone I
love it now we are attempting to take
family pictures let's do this Michael
the resident tripod photographer look at
these cute little girl I can't move
oh you guys look ready to go miss Lora
can you smile for me that's it tell you
that for the pictures oh that's a good
one this is always my favorite picture
is the grandkid picture
aka mask a shorty is make them smile for
Tiffany's with that make them smile
there's all these mats and they keep
flying like right now Suzy get a good
smile all right well we got the pictures
done it was traumatic I know they want
to do more pictures so every year we
have family blast shirts and this year
my mom designed it check it out in that
cool and here's jemaine's little one
it's already set up upon but that's okay
let's see yours Lacey
we are celebrating my grandparents 60th
wedding anniversary and I just think
that is awesome like what an amazing
example for all of us to try to follow
that they've been married and created
such a great legacy for our family for
60 years the awesomeness of this day is
not over yet my sister took me as a yoga
instructor all the adults are doing yoga
in Kmart except for today tonight - ow
so Jeremy family that's in Arizona and
my family that's super family Ernie
we're all together today for change
