so Jeremy family that's in Arizona and
my family that serves the family Ernie
we're all together today fortunately
good morning today is Sunday here at the
cabin and we are headed to church with
my whole family I love that experience
you know we're enjoying all of our cabin
time out in nature and then we get to
get dressed and go in and worship
together today is an especially special
fun day for us because we're actually
going to be blessing baby today that's
something that we've done with each of
our kids as we give them a special baby
blessing and they were so cute a little
blessing gown we decided to do it while
we were here in Arizona because my
family's here and so much of Jeremy's
family home is living area so special
something for us so this lesson dress is
the same blessing dress that I wore when
I was a little girl my grandma that's
here with us made it and Elise and Laura
and Jenna will all been blessed in it
and this blanket is what we've held them
all in Willie's lesson and it was made
by my great grandmother so I love that
there's like family heritage in this
Janae's ready for you what are you
looking for Caleb you spying on them
okay over there what do you think
they're doing I don't know guys I think
you're being watched by some people how
can you tell they're spying is
impeccable though you can even see Oh
so what are you going to do is the bus
driver what are you going to tell all
the people on unit two I hadn't again
you had gas before okay where are you
driving to
Oklahoma What's in Oklahoma I have no
idea
we'll have fun wait where we going now
su-mei has been so happy to turn that
you like the cabin big girl cousin day
here
yeah the cousins are a highlight Oh
makers anyway yep you're the littlest
right now
Papa's playing frisbee with the kids
washing the tiny needles and then we're
going to make necklaces and bracelets
and they're gonna sell Wow how do you
make this into necklaces and we but we
don't we don't or weave them have you
done that before
oh yes when you guys are on a trip well
cool I'm excited to see how they turn
out thank you preparing the pine needles
so Kendra's parents put together a
family history museum they brought some
mementos things from their past for the
kids to look at and make a tell em about
I love how our reunions connect our
history to our kids so that they can see
where they came from and learn more
about their grandparents and
great-grandparents that I wore on the
day that I got that d1 I made this one
when I was 10 crochet me yes I crocheted
this was a teddy bear that my dad gave
me where were you when he got me to
Sarah's OB I was in the United States
Air Force and you bought that bear for
your little daughter right she was
learning I hadn't seen her yet the
monkey the first time I go around you
pick one and then you pick up up and you
had to pick things up before the ball
bounced again and they'd swing all over
and I was gonna try to get all of them
put the ball down this is what trucks
used to look like early books look like
for coming would he doesn't get some his
plane now he's been displaying these
flying around just flying around and you
drop the bottom on there and it blows it
up and he flies away you're a great
great granddaughter but you know what do
you talk nice what's it
thank you that's grandma Krista's doll
it feels like a real thing I protected
the neighborhood constantly when I was a
child and I actually wore these these
are leg shafts and I had a vest and a
holster with a gun I don't know where
the gun with Caleb Papa would sometimes
sleep in these you don't want to take
them off that was the first thing I
remember is absolutely weather
Oh
here's a picture when I was about 10
years old these are the actual balls I
held my hand over four years ago and I
was pitching this one was the first time
I won a game in the major leagues and it
was July 4th 1965 and then I got 11
strikeouts and was my first major league
win this one was when we won the
championship and everybody signed it I
love basketball I love baseball but
guess what I didn't know I could do
until later run oh yeah I didn't know I
could run and all I'm saying is you may
have talents you don't know about yet so
for you kids know that he still has a
record on the wall of the gym and
sandals of his hope that nobody's ever
been able to break yet it didn't made
out of gold no it's probably cheap
clothes my first mom was a nurse in a
hospital and she got a bad disease
called tuberculosis and she died so they
sent me to my third model my third mom
was my my mother's oldest sister we
didn't have a lot of money to do plans
and things and so sometimes I would have
to choose between a present for my
birthday or present for Christmas and
this was a Christmas present
snow cordia
so push your button whatever one does my
mother and I never heard her play it and
it was passed down passed down it is
called a double wedding ring club and it
was made by my great great great
gratefulness for great-grandmother's
doing she died when Grammy was a year
and a half old and she had put this
aside for Grammy Grammy never used it in
the bottom of my hope chip and I never
used it and I just don't think he hoped
that it was probably was beautiful this
you didn't see it now don't put these
cookies he's ever used on the Lisi Papa
made this ring for Grandma when they
were dating
how do you make it pop it was a little
romantic not special I have shoes that
were pretty awful as well I bikini Papa
was in the Little League World Series my
frame
so mugga had the idea for this family
history museum because after Papa's
parents died they went through all of
their stuff and there was just tons of
things toys and memorabilia things like
that they had here but they weren't able
to share that with everybody or tell the
stories and so mugga said let's get all
of our stuff out and share it
it's amazing how powerful it is to have
that connection with people from our
past this type of moment when we're
looking at all these things from the
past is one of the main inspirations for
our vlog so that for generations into
the future a hundred years from now they
can look back watch these videos and see
what we were doing they were great-great
great-great grandparents we going to
bless your name today so Jeremy's family
that's in Arizona and my family that's
here for the family I mean we're all
together today for Geneva this man I
always want to be with my family are you
writing an uncle hunters car you are a
goob
Aaron Scott here card
strewing how do you like the cavern well
my family is getting ready to head out
but it was so fun to have them here with
Andrew side of the family
it was really great time it was fun to
show them the cabin it puts a special
blade for us and so to be able to share
everybody they had seen it on the vlog
but it is different to be here in real
life okay so my favorite moment was
Laura's face when granny Joe showed up
she said are you going to be part of
this family now like she was so confused
it was fun to see everybody together ah
yeah you thing to pray in the name of
Christ or save your the juices for
loving favor today
Oh like it's our cast really do
see if you can find the the themes we've
been redoing everybody focused clockwise
okay now turn off your class hall so
tonight we did a starlight devotional
and the theme for this whole reunion has
been on prayer so we heard several
people share experiences with prayer or
scriptures I'm just glad that my kids
get to be a part of this family and to
have these experiences to hear of others
faith and to be built and to sing
together and to have faith together and
it's just been a really special day Jay
Haase baby holding my baby it's relaxing
huh
