baby holding my baby just relaxing her
when we asking Papa for a TV we go right
in
you got your gloves on yeah you going to
do some work today well the kids were up
before 5:00 a.m. but we went to bed
super early so I feel actually pretty
refreshed it's a beautiful morning here
at the counter we're going to be digging
deep into the ground so we can build the
cabin feel like we're gonna get all the
grass out here and build our own cabin
that's the living room over there see
after you've already built the lift but
now I'm like okay work hard on your
cabin okay okay so this morning papa
buggy are taking the kids out on a
nature hike and explaining different
parts of the property it goes from the
cabin and there's two big areas between
you see Isaac do you know what we call
this place where all the potty goes
humours it's called a septic tank ring
the bell so your great-great-great
grandmother had this Bell in her yard
okay
I'm not amazing we got a call from that
neighbor over there said this huge tree
was starting to die and it was leaning
towards his house and it would have
crushed his house is the others rings in
this tree can you follow the rings
around you see the little rings that go
around those are made one for every year
that a tree was a lot baby holding a
baby
thank you for kids
Oh
because our cabin is almost
self-sufficient we can live without the
city at your house you need the city to
get water in the city to take away your
here we make our own water and we take
care of our own
how do we make our own water by getting
it from under there Mady these tanks and
I wrap them so they during the winter
they don't freeze but there's two really
big tanks and that's where when you turn
on the faucet it comes out of these
things and it's coming up from
underground right yeah in fact there's
the top of the wellhead right there and
that goes down 100 feet down on the
ground
and it sucks the water right out this is
water coming right out of the ground
that's coming from a hundred feet under
the ground yeah and it's funny it comes
out of dirt but it's clean
every time I blow in it she's like
remember the well down there it pumps
the water up to here you hear it to some
potty understand no there's not it
there's a pipe that connects to the
toilet that goes out into the dirt cool
do you see this old piece of wood
look at this pipe that was no that pipe
is the exact corner of our property so
janay is meeting her great grandpa this
is my granddad
what's our jig in 100c into the garage
oh well for water and once again all the
way down for water we're going to give
one of these and put it on top and then
children aquifer
now that Jeremy was coloring I think
coloring is a really relaxing thing to
do together hydrate too so my parents
have created the coolest play area out
here and the newest addition this
morning is these disks they're all over
the place attached to the trees and so
that we can play frisbee golf good job
we are going to be clearing up the
driveway into the clearing the pads are
getting junk everybody's working
together this morning to clear the
driveway of all the pine cones good job
is that wheel barrel all right all right
here okay these two are two peas in a
pod Caleb and Parker
we're loading the trailer with stuff
debris debris try to make more space in
the trailer we're compressing it SL
kawatche really that is really good
excellent good workout right there you
working hard are you getting warm Laura
knows which winter is because it's got
stickers on it that's how we keep her
from drinking everyone else's
so I actually love that at the cabin
there's no dishwasher and no washer and
dryer so you know you pack enough
clothes but if I'm going to dirty you
just have to hang on wash so we're hand
washing some of issac socks he's been up
here helping me then we're going to go
dry them up in the cold one
wasn't that long ago that there were no
dryers this is how people did all their
laundry how long is all four line I'm
growing up we had a clothesline in the
backyard and in the summertime
especially we would go out and just hang
the clothes I remember doing this good
job bud
so Isaac gets the clothespins and he
looks mean he goes this is why they're
called clothed in this is what they're
actually for as we use them fruit chips
we just use them to clothes like JPEG
what are you helping Uncle Mike with
like a tarp into kind of a little tent
place hung it up and now we're going to
stake out the sides you really get that
kind you make nice that flag see fancy
wilderness skills this is fun great now
we need to do the other corners and make
sure that it's all tight so you're
putting the stakes into the tent yep
it's an a-frame we're going to put a
blanket in there so you have something
you can snow what do you boys think of
this tent you're the leader and I try to
get it and whenever I'm done he is you
guys taking a nap we've been another
little panic okay thank you guys
Jeremy and Jenna are napping I got to
read a book this has been delightful and
relaxing and now we are going to make a
trail mix
she's got cashews took dark chocolate
M&Ms and graham crackers good job Parker
colorful check Gordon sir I think I just
gained five pounds looking at this
because it's all my favorite things
there's a tent down there you better go
play Laura decided to come join the
party
hi guys pretending you're camping oh we
could actually live in it just relaxing
huh how are ya
thanks hey what are you guys doing
catch my head lizard hunting is that
where you're going to put the lizard
when you get it yes here oh oh no poor
really really no choice okay I'm over it
we can't wonder it
no we've got grew it they get food out
of each night at the end of the evening
we have kind of a family meeting there's
a prayer a family devotional and the
devotional is always around the scene of
that family reunion and the family
reunion theme this year is pray without
ceasing so that's what kind of we're
learning and studying about and then
there's always a fun activity that's a
family activity like a family game or
tonight it's going to be a family dance
party and then we eat dessert tonight
it's more popular culligan actually
decorated for this and we just picked
some of our favorite songs to dance
yeah German I are going to go
adventuring and he tripped over these
rocks and fell on his back but
unfortunately we've already had a few
mishaps with nature the Navy's got bit
by a bug or stung by a wasp or something
several times
yeah felt a lot of stuff on my back
