super loose tooth and she wants me to
pull it out here's the heavy artillery
so today is June 8th first time in a
pool good morning we are feeling tired
this morning our kids woke up super
early because of the time change even
though we went to bed later so we're a
little groggy but we're headed to spend
the day with Jeremy's sister Julie and
her family and it can be months ago
equipment with them poor Laura is so
tired you guys ready for Sunday are you
ready for it
did you take a nap on a driver what do
you think about the baby it's good yeah
at least always love is it when she's
with amber amber you do such a good job
with this
thank you that's a cool little device a
dotting tool a dotting tool and even
know that that existed we loving it so
much so every time they're gonna ask
it's my absolute favorite trusty little
bit her tiny Hubbell planning at the
planning what's the Bunny's name is
Flopsy Mopsy we're putting Flopsy down
so the only way that is to windows is
this is someone I think our cousin
sterling are learning a new game called
videos so there's a people scout out and
they can find the other numbers like
strategy games who is this in front of
him whoa it was Caleb you're here done
hi you like two sides of frames and then
I'm going to control money and what are
you guys playing very small heavy water
leave some your hair oh cool fancy nay
you got to grow some hair so we can do
it what's going on they're in the zone
the girls are playing dress-up and just
discovered that their dresses twirl
Jeremy and Laura and having Jeremy told
me to wake him up before the nurse said
what I guess in their blanket so I just
put pillows on top of me and like that
blanket creative solution mom guess what
all the girls are playing dressed up so
good little wake up stretch traveling is
awesome but a hard thing about traveling
especially with kids is the time change
we're only dealing with a two-hour time
change but I know my kids are all
feeling it did you have a good nap today
we are going to be doing a nerf gun
battle here's the heavy artillery she's
loading the board on your mark get set
go
oh it is you're frozen like that are you
gonna be in the nerf gun war Oh your
princess that knows how to do nerf gun
words that's however that oh my god for
later all right
taking her nerf gun this is your gun
right here
we're joke so how's it working out you
gonna remember any select which number
and that's we don't you think and
secrecy just need everybody you anymore
funny story from this morning I was
eating breakfast with Laura and we were
eating poppy seed muffins which is one
of my favorite things by the way and
we're eating em and she looks at the
poppy seed and she was on remember poppy
seeds they're babies and then she takes
a big bite of the bucket and I'm like so
I'm a little disturbed by that on many
levels because she's eating it when
apparently she thinks they're babies so
that's our pregnancy announcement when
we told the kids that we were having
baby today we got out poppy seeds and we
showed them to the kids
we're like this is how small the baby
starts out and it was cute to me that
she connected that memory and remembered
that is amazing
so today engine AIDS first time in a
pool and we have a cute swimsuit for her
little ruffles she's tolerating it run
first get it
so there's this big pool and a hot tub
and it's 100 degrees out and y'all were
in the hot tub the girls set the table
and they did a lovely job
we are always fed so well at 30 sister
brothers house they're amazing so now
we're heading to the park except
tumbling and absolutely
so amber we're doing a little tumbling
lesson for the kids
Oh
there you go Adam bully boys up spin the
table same but we're humans down now I
bought a chili dog yeah so you want to
pretend are you doing wrong it's right
in between your legs and you're going to
keep that if you can do it you can't
keep it all are you bend your knees
oh my goodness oh I know for me some of
my favorite memories growing up with
they have a part with my husband I'm so
glad my kids are getting this chance
right now
you
all right Elise has a super loose tooth
and she wants me to pull it out this
will be the second tooth this week you
got another chance a big girl good job
when you can get the airplane bathroom
hey
