I would even give you here playing
bathroom okay well I have been running
around like a crazy person this morning
there is just so much to do to be ready
to go I think the kids almost have all
their clothes laid out I'm definitely
done with the laundry all the kids got
bathed I have obviously not gotten
myself ready Jeremy showering right now
I think we're getting there we have one
hour till go time what are we doing this
morning Isaac crankiness sunflowers this
one Stadion has a nickname daddy game
and then dusty let's go plant Damian in
destiny so because we're heading out of
our trip that's where we got to get
these sunflowers planted before we go
let's go get packed so far the kids have
actually been super helpful this morning
they are so excited
see girls pretending to ride on the
airplane looks like it's a bumpy ride
yeah
we have everything in the car and I
realize I didn't have my wallet my
driver's license
can't fly no money we made it out of the
door on time and we get in the car I'm
like Jeremy we did it because we just
got started
so it's true we have a whole day's
travel ahead of us we're driving to the
airport now and then we have to fly and
then drive hopefully we make luckily
this time there's no tornado the
business is our first time travel with
all five kids my sister-in-law is being
awesome and eating up at the airport and
just helping us get like from the car
all the baggage all the kids checked in
and ready to go one of the bags that we
have packed is full of the service items
that were made for days for girls a
couple months ago and they are getting
ready to go to Africa with my sister
when we fly what we have to do is have
Jeremy drive all of us up drop
everything off and then go park the van
in economy parking we found that's
easier than lugging all of our stuff on
the shuttle and our family is just big
enough we can't really have somebody
drive us and drop us off to your
fortress
while I'm feeling really grateful for
the help right now we have so much stuff
here between car seats and suitcases and
kids there we go
caleb you are such a hard worker janay
is doing her part by sleeping thanks for
coming so we just had a scare at the
ticket counter they wouldn't let you a
fly without proof of age and
identification which we don't have for
her because we don't even have her birth
certificate yet so luckily we were able
to contact our doctor's office and they
faxed over something that works but it
made me really nervous because our plane
is going to board and chenise come with
us but they didn't need that information
two weeks ago when we we've flown a lot
with our kids and I've never been asked
that before but apparently they need
proof that she's not two years old
and you
come on Oh big yawn we're in the plane
right now it's not tiny today's ready
for her flight hurting my heart please
put your mask on first I love this part
it's my favorite part because I always
put my hand right
and the mouth and your lies are hiding
excited are you wearing masculine or
positive we can still dress for children
or anyone else
yep
so whether you can get the airplane
bathroom okay
verify the fun in two minutes
make sure your let's talk about it after
we're on the ground okay
you did amazing hey go ahead come
yes it's over a hundred degrees in
Phoenix
all right I think we have it all we're
so lucky
tiffany is taking three of our kids and
most of our budget so we just have
Jeremy janae and I and hey Rach if it's
super C we don't know what to do with
ourselves we might be able to see fit so
sniffing eat games that help us out she
knows how hard it is to load all the
luggage and all the kids in the rental
car things and so she has some of the
kids
we are in the longest line ever
Denise happy about it Oh mm-hmm
you editing a movie buddy
a little movie maker right here we went
with the minivan start to fit all 7os
than the cool sports car well it
officially took us longer to get our
rental car then it took for us to fly to
Arizona the good part is is still a lot
faster than if we driven there for sure
hey welcome to Road
Bristol coach you gotta like to figure
out here's how to do it they're always
more high-tech than our car so we're
like watch this we made it to my sister
sounds like a mess if he really died -
were very inviting 110 to the French I
came to visit my dad real quick he's
moving today and so I helped put some
stuff in he's actually moving to
Tennessee
say goodbye to poppy rod yeah J Lo's now
for the first time already huh look at
you getting to meet all of her cousins
well we made it to my sister Tiffany's
house and it's really fun because she
moved to a new house recently so we
haven't been here before so we got to
get the Grand Tour and see everything
and the minute we got here the kids are
all just playing what is this madness
these are your pokemons yeah Isaac what
do you think it's pretty cool show us
how it works Canon huh how'd you turn on
the light is automatic okay so my
sister's bathrooms have these awesome
automatic sensors in them and so you
don't even have to turn it on high
Snickers oh whoa the goodnight Snickers
so my sister's house has this awesome
setup where there's two bedrooms and a
little kitchenette and a living area and
a bathroom all in one part of the house
and so she's just giving us this space
so we can spread out the kids can
hopefully all sleep well tonight jahausa
the last day of school Cub get up to my
knee mm-hmm
Isaac you flip lops on the top in the
car come on
fart awesome
