if the last day of school cup get up to
my knee yeah Isaac you flip-flops on hop
in the car come on somewhere special
come on go hop in the car
you
go get in the car come on we're going
somewhere special don't you worry okay
we're gonna take care of it we'll see
you I don't think I've finished my
beauty right last is cool man I'm out
first it was your first day of school in
your dream we are all loaded up in the
car for our last day of school
celebration in our pajamas and it's been
fun hearing the kids guesses about what
we are doing I've heard guesses that
we're going to a pajama party
I heard against that we're going
swimming in our pajamas I heard I guess
that we're going to the airport which we
are doing tomorrow but we're not doing
today laura has been very concerned
about the fact that we didn't eat
breakfast so Isaac you were correct we
are going out to breakfast in our
pajamas to one of our favorite
restaurants which is ginger soup can you
use the pancakes and have revenue
guarantee you want to have what no
Pelosi was apparently one her and I said
I'm really mental I want for myself
Oh Jerry had your breakfast
what are you thinking K letters are
going to do pancakes waffles or french
toast think about this part I just like
to get every time the same thing I was
like the pancake chocolate tip and could
I have it Apple
what if you get your french toast who
get insincere at German I ordered a big
scramble over potatoes
we are back home and I'm not going to
lie there's been some crankiness at our
house we decided to dance it off
yesterday
Jeremy texted this picture to me and I
was so confused
I like when did you take that picture of
janae and he texted me like no that's
Laura no way so apparently this is Laura
when you were three months you were just
the same size as janae so then I had to
get out the same outfit and attempt to
take a picture of janae in the outfit
and then she pooped all over the outfit
so I had to change her but we'll put a
couple of the pictures in the video so
you can see how much they look like it
was crazy to me
I mean I can definitely tell the
difference but at first glance I was
like
the viewers who did that's Laura is that
you when you were baby do you look like
tonight yeah the kids are getting ready
to fill out these last day of school
like memory forms all about me last day
of school what's your name write your
name right there oh ah
Laura teacher's name Kendra so guys
these are for you guys to look back and
remember for the rest of your life what
was important to you at this age we're
going to put them in your portfolios
that's correct that's exactly how you
write my name
good luck avoiding the rain the warden
so he's getting ready to go mow because
we have to require a trip but there's
quite the chance of a storm coming I'm
trying to beat the rain well sorry sorry
go faster this is really fun for me
because even though I'm their mom and
their teacher as they're feeling these
things out I'm learning more things
about them it's just amazing how even
though you know somebody really well
there's always something new and fun to
learn about them what's your favorite
color
Lisa I'm loving your answers you're
being so thoughtful about each one
what's your favorite memories on this
year is Neil and when we
there's Caleb's answer here's Isaac's
answer and years Lorenz page it was so
cute as we were sitting here all the
kids kept asking me how to spell certain
words as the Lord came to me well how
you spell Goldie and bear and I wrote it
down for her but she couldn't write it
but she knows it she's supposed to be
writing down her favorite TV show and
that her favorite TV show business
responders from now it's raining
hey is it raining so Jeremy just barely
started mowing and it's already raining
but we don't really have another choice
because we're leaving tomorrow on our
trip and we can't leave with our lawn
already this long because by the time we
come back it would look like we were
living in a jungle so I guess he's just
gonna have to mow in the rain luckily
it's not thunder and lightning yet he's
just mowing the lawn sweetheart he's
gone anything in the bushes he didn't go
in the woods he's just in the front yard
but he's gonna come right around the
corner look watch
see very well I'm having a little bit of
a hard time focusing on the last day of
school because we are needing to pack
and get ready for a trip we are flying
off as a whole family tomorrow for a
family reunion we're going to be in
Arizona for about eight days so I've got
a lot of laundry and packing to do
so Jenna has just rolled over two times
in a row
yeah show us how you do it Laura and I
are cheering today Orangeville you're
almost at the GU let's kill it Renee
let's do it no one on a baby's new
cottage baby the water like neither is
some d+ blondie you did know we're
packing something tough it's true love
is able to mow the lawn it sprinkled on
and off but it didn't start really
raining so at least what happened
yesterday dad pulled out my teeth that
one right there
I can't feel happy because I got stress
and I decided to take a little breather
and go for a quick walk and now it's
raining on me so I'm far away from my
house just walking in the rain
okay so we're getting ready to go on a
trip and we got to clear out the fridge
before we go so we're having a lot of
random leftovers prisoners well the
piles are slowly forming and having each
child take a minute to help me pack you
know I send them off to get this maybe
pairs of socks and this many pairs of
shorts and things like that and I think
you ease is the first one all set she's
got everything that she needs here I
feelin good tomorrow one of those days
where it's like I'm so excited so we
need go down and then isolating and then
it's like scooter now we're waiting and
then when I just am waiting then mom's
like let's go that's a really good way
to describe traveling do you like flying
I like sitting where the window is been
just looking at you you made that that
used to be a dresser drawer you took it
apart what is it now we going to see
Papa tomorrow huh mm-hmm
what's it gonna be a half yeah
