well there's an insane storm going up
NATO the siren went off my tree is just
alone crazy well they're sending the
same storm going on right now and it's a
little scary because we had a tornado
watch going on and it's the perfect
temperature for tornado and we live in
tornado alley so we're hoping not to
hear the sirens and not have to wake up
all the kids and go downstairs but that
is so much water coming down we'll hope
to make it through the night and see you
tomorrow so I guess what happened last
night you guys I understand not just a
thunderstorm the tornado siren went off
why didn't we go down so we thought we
heard something but then it turned off
and we learned later that it was just a
mistake they mistakenly sent it off
someone called in saying there was a
tornado right near our house but it
wasn't really a tornado it was a mistake
so they turned this ayran off it was
just a cloudy windy storm there was tons
of rain I didn't even hear it I'm so
glad you guys slept
quiet secret ninja he's a ninja
look at those energy levels oh you just
statue oh the leg moves typically
through the legs of his duck
you got the ninja you got some thicker
fighting up on the dinger heater he got
away
how are we going to make bread we're
going to put sugar in it mean flour and
then put watering that butter in it and
in it then stir it what better to what
does that make so back in the day when
Isaac was a baby and I was pregnant with
Elise I made almost all of our bread so
every week I was making homemade bread
and I haven't made it for a long time so
I'm feeling a little bit nervous I hope
that the bread Rises and it works all
right what did you want to show them my
back all right show us are you liking
your new bed yeah you have curtains yeah
where's the curtain oh those are called
sheets curtains go on your window there
they are
what color are they twice wow wow wow
wow all right Caleb what are you
learning what do we have here leafy
two-and-a-half attack of what hot water
not um not too hot or it might just be
flat not too cold or just right
still so we wanted perfect 1/2 cups of
warm water okay go ahead and pour that
in
we
all right we picked the dough hook and
we're at a little bit at sea thanks I've
done it before
do you like to track uh-huh push it and
then you fold it over and push it again
Baltar's is all right now we're going to
take the dough and we're going to divide
it into three pans okay so it doesn't
have to be perfect we just kind of pick
where it looks about even okay so now we
just shake them into low that look like
a bread loaf in this and then we put it
into the loaf pan like that
I believe you're jealous
no let-up it in there
and now we're going to let them rise for
30 minutes the bread rose not as much as
I would like but we're going to cook it
and hopefully it'll turn out great how
they roared at the mere sight of him
running daleney notice how fast he went
and especially at the way he sealed and
sealed at the top of his voice in
foolish excitement they suppose never
before reached by man and dog in the
whole history of sheepdog trials as
though they were actually inside that
box I love a master dude we should
finish the book
babe we finished it
all of us kids did this so the kids set
up the Porter crib bassinet all by
themselves it was put away in the closet
and I wasn't eating it but janae was
sticking in my arms I was like well I'll
see if the kids can do it and they did
awesome
she hasn't slept in here so we use it
nice to make sure that the edges are
away from the pan but we flowers at
hands that would come out easy so watch
this my hands are clean cut around the
edges this is just make sure that the
bread is in fact this one now like that
we gotta bring love to little more I'm
Canadian
what you doing ah yeah you are so like
while you're doing ad stand you could
like fold laundry your hands are free so
you can fold okay we'll get some more
laundry coming your way how was your nap
what it looks like we need to do the
kids yoga challenge again their
abilities have changed so much in two
years I think they could do three
different poses
you're strong Nicole canal by yourself
Keiko climb upon us and I have to make
your arms a little bigger she's getting
big
you always money is this kind of a knife
and you don't push you kind of sauce you
don't squish the bread I look cool you
want to make it not too thick and not
Jacob okay I'll just in town when Hector
runs and tells me it aloud and go turns
me into a big bird
take a look at booth and we had a one
and a half flower poofy net and it and
we're gold it and Sudan the staff is
safety
when Elgin countless cake is Jacob your
friend one your imaginary friend take a
big bite how is it
literally like name de jam√≥n made the
bread we made it our old-fashioned way
it's awesome so the front brakes on man
needed to be fixed they were making some
really scary sounding noises janae and I
are still in our pajamas having a lazy
day
apparently it's a spa day around here
he's painting her fingernails pink
all right cubby which hand was easier to
do this one I've used it with my fat use
this almost my left what do you think
tonight hey love that were staying home
today
what are you glad were staying home this
animal CDs no all right why would they
need your crazy has me know how do you
like it yeah I want to be a mom that
lets my kids explore and create and do
things and this is just pushing me a
little too far outside that comfort zone
yeah this stuff smells really strong
apparently he lives ticklish it's funny
there's several things I did as a kid
where my parents for a long amount of
time had to like clean me up her I fell
into the middle of a cactus one time I
remember my mom like sitting there for
over an hour
plucking all of the needles out of my
body from the cactus it's just part of
me in a very sometimes you're cleaning
up the mess for a long time did you have
fun we just realized that Jeremy stone
who seemed close I've known that I would
get a shower today in my wife shower I
forgot so that - come on it's not even
dinnertime yet so this morning I really
felt like I was nailing it like we made
homemade bread taking care of the kids
and it was going so well in this
afternoon I definitely don't feel like
that anymore we
I have the nail polish incident and our
whole house smells like nail polish
remover I burnt the chicken being
friendly I put it in the crock-pot too
high of a setting and then we had some
discipline issues come up that were just
like ah so I'm feeling less like a rock
star but that's okay because there's
always tomorrow and you know you do the
best you can and I have a girl my little
screwed Jeremy's right here so I'm
leaving in like an hour and I think I'm
going to go in my yoga pants what are we
watching
alright we just finished the movie what
did you think about it I liked it so did
you like the book better or the movie
better
can I say how that it feels like magic
to me is the kids are wanting to create
an obstacle course Laura are you a ninja
warrior find a juicy one we're gonna
make some strawberry jam
me
