it feels like magic in the air the kids
are wanting to create an obstacle course
Laura are you a ninja warrior' find a
juicy one we're going to make some
strawberry jam
nor are we driving out in the country
country and we're walking ship that's it
right and make when rocket ships come up
at night to make these always California
in space
okay hey that is where what you can't
talk I'll turn it
welcome to girl-on-girl there and they
were talking about right in what I love
hearing your thoughts Laura where are we
going to go today
ah this morning we are doing something
that I wanted to do for years we are
going to pick strawberries I've never
taken my kid to do that before and we
found a place and so we drove up and I'm
so excited to see these flowers these
flowers are going to become the
strawberries and strawberry do see that
one yeah that one looks yucky you're
yummy yes it is because it's not right
yet it's going to grow up to be a nice
big strawberry this one right that's
good
janay strawberry pass my job
this is a very good farm did you say a
very good farm yeah
you're so funny look what I found twins
like I think it's so fun to go out and
actually see where your food comes from
like what does it look like growing on a
vine what does it look like when it's
not ripe yet
and what does the flower look like I
just I just really love this she's found
a big one we're doing one I found those
are red juicy strawberries equally I
feel like I'm on an Easter egg hunt and
with a good one
janay woke up sooner she gets to join
the fun but this hat is a newborn size
hat and it's drowning her little keepers
say from the Sun yeah that's what the
goal is either Jenny's contribution
good job Jenny I was going
what you doing I'm gonna headline
perhaps we need such a name rolled over
today for the first time and it's just a
reminder that they grow up we're going
to try to catch it on camera later today
we'll see what we can do
Isaac seeing what these are called
sundial sundial so what time is it
I'll ask my watch tiny one of these we
need a sundial if you don't have a lot
you could get one of those that go
around your arm maybe show the sundial
watches you put on your life harder will
sting me it doesn't move at all the only
thing that moves is the Sun and so the
shadow moves
don't
in
should we pay for our strawberries how
many pounds do you think we got in
strawberries a hundred pounds what do
you think 5085 what do you think Isaac
Hicks key looks like we got six pounds
of strawberries gonna have yeah so
apparently this place also lets you come
pick raspberries
I can't wait to snack and they said they
grow black raspberries and red
raspberries I've never tried a black
raspberry is that a blackberry no
difference okay so we're going to have
to come back and try that out and they
play sweet awesome music during my music
you know right now is just the first
time that I wondered if maybe Jenni is
going to keep her blue eyes on the way
home we're reading aloud from our book
that we've been reading as a family
we're almost done with it babe the
gallant pig agreed Maya well I'm living
in fear that the moment I turn off the
camera she is going to roll over again
and I hate missing moments like that
like in so bummed we didn't have the
camera on for her first roll over this
morning but you can't just film every
second of a kid's life huh
it wasn't just a fluke it wasn't so this
morning when she rolled over for the
first time I totally started crying
my brow again I ran to the grocery store
to pick up a few things that we need for
our strawberry projects this afternoon
and I'm meeting containers for the
freezer Jam and then we need the
shortcake for the strawberry shortcake
I've seen people put freezer DRAM into
like Tupperware containers before so
it's instant freezer safe or I might
look at some glass jars we'll see
now I'm looking for something called
pectin I had to ask somebody but we
found the Texan and they even have some
liquid pectin which a friend of mine
said that's the way to go so I'm going
to try that these blue ones are pretty I
think I've everything we need to make
freezer Jam my question your crotch face
what where exactly does it hurt let your
crotch it's the worst in your countries
all right let's go see if we can do
something to make it feel better
band-aid for the crotch on Lori jump her
nap janae is sleeping and we are getting
ready to start on some strawberry
freezer jams but first check pain is how
to set up a little gum set when I can
but then I can we see you just learned
yesterday you're doing on your hair but
I think bad for some reason it I know it
shocked me that mom being an addict beat
me I thought I would be both of you and
I thought I'll lose my dad yeah it was
scrubbing out the sink what are we going
to do next and I think um wash the
strawberries or we're gonna cut them and
make some jam and we're gonna make
strawberry shortcake it's gonna be a
good strawberry day all right now I'll
be very careful
whoa so you kind of run your fingers
through um you want to make sure there's
no dirt or any bugs so you pick them up
and kind of rub them well I just
recruited my strawberry slicing team and
we just reviewed our knife safety skills
so yeah let's go your first time using a
big knife huh very carefully you like
the baby wensley's they're cute little
Charlie thanks for helping guys this
would take me forever better you're
doing a great job
so cool to have kids that are old enough
to actually be helpful because I've been
dealing with janae and washing the
strawberries and moving things around I
haven't actually cut any strawberries
yet they are doing this all in there and
I'm so impressed
you could it I'm so proud of you hey we
have a lot of strawberries and then we
need about this much to meet gene so we
may have some leftovers
the first thing you have to do is crush
up the strawberries with this device can
all on one fella turn what do you think
yes yeah watch it oh for sure
I'm I'm like mal we've even shall we add
some sugar to that that's what makes it
good two cups of it okay and now we need
four cups of sugar I'm kind of feeling
sick about how much sugar is in it but
there are think those people use the
right amount of sugar it won't fit so
I'm just going to do it next time it is
about the land a little sugar way I'm
just double-checking the recipe yes do
the cup strawberry four cup sugar now
we're going to add the pectin
this is pectin guy suspect in it what
makes it stand up so it's more solid
this is not thick enough
nice smell roadie Daniella let me see
it's what makes it jelly like it says to
add some lemon juice this is actually so
the kid I remember the first time I made
cookies by myself
I was surprised there was salt and the
recipe you know this is going to be safe
disgusting to the eye salt but it's
actually good that you add a little bit
of salt because it brings out the
flavors so maybe a lemon juice helps in
some way and we pour it into the here
you pick the strawberries and then made
jam well this ginormous bowl of
strawberries is what we still have left
I'm a little embarrassed because
apparently it doesn't take that many
strawberries to make strawberry jam so
we made a second batch of strawberry jam
so we've got lots of jam but I guess
we're going to eat the rest of that I
love days like today I love making these
wonderful memories with my kids I love
learning together as a family but it
also takes a lot of patience like by the
end of it I'm like okay go out and play
I'm trying to make a kid American you
know what the kids are wanting to create
an obstacle course I try to conquer
Laura are you a ninja warrior' I want
amazing I can't anymore there you go so
for dinner tonight we're having a what
we call Frito pie it was one of my
favorites growing up I really loved this
meal we are making this version of
strawberry shortcake angel food cake
strawberries whipped cream more
strawberries you Brittany want whipped
cream anybody's interested yeah yeah
okay what do you think of strawberry
shortcake it feels like magically here I
think it's really good
many biggest server here you I love it
well it's so cool we were able to do
today we picked the strawberries and we
made Jan good night
Jay how so hard so I become on diaper
duty I first take it all I other people
