this is a hard decision so Isaac's on
diaper duty
hi first she's taking other people so
what do you girls been I'm growing a
sunflower
that's going to be 8 to 12 feet tall how
big was the seed it wasn't that isn't
that crazy that it can get so big it's
like janae
she's just a little baby she's going to
be big someday you do have the hiccups
I'm in this section I'm dead whenever I
do hiccup that's one money swim in June
they slept well last night we're very
proud of her thank you for our big
sister where is my sister
so we're going right now to the store to
get one my best friends
a birthday present for his birthday
restless leg to go to this perfect
so is crazy you and me out today yeah
there's a lot of rain outside I'm kind
of wondering we sit in the car for a
minute if it'll die down because I saw a
woman walking in with an umbrella and
the umbrella would like flying away so I
don't even know if an umbrella would
help in this one so we're on a short
timetable and so we might just have to
run for it you ready to get wet no where
there was a break in the rain and so we
ran inside real quick where did you go
okay lead us to the toy section dude a
nice little maneuver you got there that
looks like a dinosaur fossil kit looks
like a volcano look up here these are
like cool machine and you can kind of
build there's some fun toys in the world
these are baby toys are these baby toys
that's like offensive okay let's find
some fun toys let me give them a bite
you wanna give him a bike yeah do you
think that bike might be too big for him
yeah I think that bikes a little too big
for you too buddy and oh look at this
price do you do at this price sense
$1.99 nine Caleb is so sweet he's
thinking of so many things that his
friend would like unfortunately a bike
is out of our price range for a friend's
birthday party I do not know what to
give him so Lori has been talking a lot
about when she grows up what are things
going to be like when you grow up Laura
when I went off to be a big girl and a
mom I want to be a really big life
not you want to be a really big mom Wow
oh I'm gonna be a dad to ask my mom girl
and boy school they come it was pretty
excited about this Star Wars Lego set
okay what bees LEGO sets we could get
him can I give him the one that I got
sure that the one you got that's awesome
I bet he'd love either of those I had no
idea you could get Star Wars people
that's pretty cool okay which one you
going to choose ready to look at the
nerf guns real quick
are you with me for my event thanks yeah
what do you think we found the nurse
section so what'd you make here I made a
dime a dime you have a bio box what is
it it's the time dress there's Arctic
floss there's a polar bear seal wait is
the polar bear like attacking this you
yeah and so is the arctic fox it's at
packing the snow here and then the
walruses coming up to kind of get taller
bit the walruses attack polar bears now
trying to just save this seal the seal
escapes into the water
caleb has narrowed it down to the final
choices which one will he choose for
Owens birthday party Caleb are you going
to do nerf or Star Wars this is a hard
decision five four three two one
nerf or Star Wars
right here to um-um all three of
those are staccato alright what did you
decide
mmm great choice
did you choose cinnamon yeah he could
open that's right at the party and I can
share something oh so like have done for
me and him so I can feel under their
mount
should we kill like hey kid you know all
by myself
all right you got to hit the start
button buddy welcome we scan your first
item right there all right are you done
with your shopping you ready for the
birthday party yeah I did
thank you GQ is an automatic door well
it's still really windy but it's stopped
raining and that was so sweet to watch
Caleb use just thinking of his friend
and it was a tough decision for him to
decide what gift but I think it did a
great job don't get about it now you
need to go home and wrap it we just got
in the car and it is pouring out again
like you can't really tell but oh my
goodness we lucked out on walking out
the car dry when we cut out it stops and
then when other people come out it goes
because very might hate other people oh
I see the rain lost everything
good thing we made it before the poor
and you did you didn't so I fix on
diaper duty you pretty excited about it
nice first is it - it's not I think it's
just potty if it's cooler than is my
first pee pee then it's not a second say
thank you big brother
and I just going here yep
I need my pants on up house on backwards
hi wait here oh no no is this supposed
to be in the front
yes it has pockets on the front they're
decorative she's kind of too young to
actually use pockets do you think you
pulled up her pants fair enough m-maybe
I wore no I didn't need those ropes on
it over you suspenders yeah I just need
suspenders yeah we love you your brother
loves you hey cubby that's actually
Christmas wrapping paper do you want to
see if we have some birthday wrapping
paper
look there's birthday wrapping paper
right there
we store our wrapping paper under the
boys dressing all right do you want
might help you already want to do it by
yourself where's the tape you forget
go grab some tape it's not good for me
to be left alone in the boys room
because then I see all the little messes
that I'd like under the bed and
everywhere and I'm like we need to clean
we don't need clean right now we're up
in four different simmer down
I taught him how to decide and so now
he's working on this side good job
he said here he's going to try the whole
thing with me or you might give me the
whole back cubby this is a gift that
you're giving to her friend you don't
get it well he told me it yes tell me
he's gonna get to me when we go to a
birthday party who are the presents for
the person that is birthday yeah so we
give this to them with love miss for
them okay all right here's the card the
Caleb made for Owen yes you are set now
go get on your symptoms yeah
so janae has been reaching for these
toys do you see him up there look she
wants to touch him only goodness you're
growing up that's so fun every little
development Oh hmm she's developing her
arms yeah she is
I think he'll be a strong person like I
am
so I'm at the dentists hoping I don't
have any cavities like the kids we're
going to do some x-rays and then getting
teeth cleaning
so Elise is wanting to read a new set of
books on ashram which one it is it's the
Magic Treehouse chapter book series but
we needed to check and see if it's at
the right light reading level for her
yet just a second Jeanine anything
all right we've got janae with us now
okay so when you're trying to decide if
a book is the right reading level for
yourself or for your child here's the
trick what's a college remember by
finger test the five finger test so you
open up the book to the middle of the
book on a page that has no pictures and
you start reading from the top to the
bottom of the page and each time there's
a word that you stumble across that you
can't read that you don't know you put
it down and so if at the end of the page
you still have at least one finger
standing then that is the right level
book for you to try because you know
most the words but there's still some
that you're learning and so we did it
and we see what happened I
I passed it dead she passed the
Fivefinger test so we are starting we're
in chapter 1 this is about a seven year
old girl in her 8 and half year old
brother and he leaves how old are you
seven and how old is Isaac eight and a
half booms me a great book series I
think they're just my general camera
oh and messy bed well I had no cavities
so that's good and I got a new
toothbrush I finished the whole chapter
I am so proud of you
guess what because he loves reading
who's here you wanna just it what I read
the first chapter of Magic Treehouse
good job what is it seven arrow and your
soul aha and she likes to pretend see
and there's an oil husband uh-huh and
there's an eight and a half year old
that love that loves real things and
lungs book and I wish you had a natural
brother
we're gonna go plan
Wow
like the hot tub
yes it is warm
you gonna go play with your Caleb's at
his birthday party and Laura's on a
playdate with a friend and so we just
have the big kids and the cute baby
she's like what's going on over there
anyway so we decided to play some games
Jeremy is teaching Elise chess and Isaac
and I are learning a new game we've
never played before called slam which on
the first move you can move two spaces
so watch this one you can just go no
let's start really making some of these
telling you right now that one can't
jump over the plate
Oh Oh your hands underneath mine you get
it and janae is doing tummy time keep it
up baby girl
- the beached whale
all right Calum how was your party did
they give you a goodie bag we'll keep
working on it so I think Caleb up from
his party he is literally over the moon
he is so excited he had such a great
time with his friends I just got home
and Laura just got back from her
playdate and apparently she's
heartbroken that she had to come home
she's like sobbing in her room it's so
sad to come home from a fun playdate all
I have left is my king she's taken all
my other people what do you think yes I
love it and he was kneeling down on the
first time got him and happy to go up
against mom even though I didn't do I
know how to play I'll play you you're
going down you're one down so when I was
at my sister-in-law's house earlier
today I noticed the plaque that she has
up on the wall and it says life doesn't
have to be perfect to be wonderful and I
just have really been thinking about
that today it's so easy to see the
things that annoy us and like the things
that annoy me in my kids in my
relationship with my husband in my
outfit in my pee you know just any part
of my home or life or body it's easy to
find the things that aren't perfect and
that are annoying but in spite of that
there is so much wonderfulness and if I
can just look to the wonderfulness
instead sorry this is starting to sound
like a cliche but it's something my
heart needed to hear today looking for
the good and you see it when I look for
the good in my kids for the good in my
spouse when I seek positivity I feel so
much better and so I was a reminder that
I needed today I hope you guys are
having a good day I'm sure it's not
perfect but I hope it's wonderful we'll
see you tomorrow
Janna Isaac's in this final
round
you're so brave and we're so proud of
you you feeding your baby
