apparently we created competitive
children we're dropping off the kids for
the last day of school
entertain your choice Ben girl yeah you
have to do the dishes already so one day
a week we have our kids go to a private
school with other homeschoolers they've
really loved it but today is their last
day what grade are you gonna be in
kindergarten yep what grade are you
gonna be in Perry you're getting so old
preschool tell me
so our bathroom light has been driving
me crazy we're missing two lights and
it's really yellow light so I'm going to
finally replace it with a white shirt
light all right so here's how the light
has been going to see what the
difference is with the whiter lights
were totally different on it Wow
my crazy way life is and it's not all
yellowy in here it's rain right right if
I didn't know interesting sidenote after
we had been blogging for a couple months
maybe a year we changed the lights in
our house from yellow lights to a white
light because it just looks better he's
really beautiful it's way lighter we are
dropping off the kids for the last day
of school and my personal claim to fame
is that we have not been late once this
year by my hair of our chinny Chinchin
all right have fun thank you see after
school last day of first grade are you
ready uh-huh you guys gonna be signing
your book uh-huh and I got my pen right
here in your backpack ready to go you're
doing show-and-tell yeah whoa hey Caleb
thanks your last day of pre-k what grade
are you gonna be in next year in class
I'm also too mental and the kids are
like mom just drop us off we're just
going to school anyway as we're dropping
them off Laura get scale of a big hug
and I hear whisper nadir Blvd and maybe
they're listening so done and in five
when did you turn five is school
oh is that today yes Wow how did you
used to be so you used to be seven and
now you're five when were you three the
last day oh you're growing up so fast
yep yeah I grow today you were in a
little summer dress well Jen and I are
at our marriage counseling appointment
we're still doing that we're coming once
a week and it's been really good for us
to be able to focus on things that we
want to improve that's really what we're
doing and reading and learning a lot
relationships take a lot of work and so
we're trying to put in the work to get
the relationship that we both really
want and we never want to pretend like
our marriage is perfect or our parenting
is perfect we know that we have a lot of
mistakes and things that we need to fix
and so we're trying to fix those things
we're working time to pick up the kids
from school and took up all their
projects and papers and all that fun
stuff good
we got to pick up the kids from their
last day school Isaac had some cool art
projects that he brought home with him
how was your last in school feels good I
got a book and I got assigned during
your but mm-hmm I have can up you had a
yearbook - I did - you just finished
your second grade how to feel good
Simeon's third next year yeah the hard
to think about your friends new teachers
yeah but good thing is all my best
friends most of them are coming back
next yes nice thank you sir well we have
a very busy afternoon and so we just
stopped at Papa Murphy's to pick up
pizza for dinner we got a cheese a
pepperoni and my favorite which is like
this Mediterranean chicken be like
okay
are you reading the song nice AIG fix
the landing no hum well do you want to
go get a book to read to Junaid you want
to sing our song what sister's watching
you well Jeremy got to spend time with
us today in the daytime so that means
that he's working again tonight so I'm
really grateful that I have an EZ pizza
dinner will our Lee's favorite place
into this call it done pepperoni cheese
this is the chicken Mediterranean
something or other that I love a little
salad and some hey kiddos it's time for
dinner
well apparently we got too much pizza
Kendra I went with a normal crust
instead of a thin crust on one of our
pizzas and got it family size and I
guess we don't need that much pizza so
the kids invented a new game and they
were telling us about it over dinner so
they invited us out to play Jeremy and
the little kids versus mom and the big
kids let's see you win
what is a really good workout I'm worn
out I think we need to change this up
make it a little bit harder
apparently we created competitive
children they all want to win which is
why we must beat them regularly beat
them in competitive games that is J
house out - I'm so excited are you
thinking it up hold up
