harvest in bunny
while we're trying to find food TV oh oh
she's not good good morning it feels so
good to be home this morning and it also
feels chaotic and exhausting Gendron I
got home from the airport last night
around 1:00 in the morning we didn't get
to bed till 2:00 a.m. and I am unpacking
I'm one of those people that as soon as
I get home I usually unpack before I go
to bed that night but 1:30 a.m. I was a
little late but it was really fun to
reunite with the kids around 6:00 and to
cuddle and they were so excited to see
janae so it's hard because I want to be
like yeah so excited to be home but I
just want to sleep for like 12 hours
and then come back into the mall did you
miss janae yeah it feels good to be
reunited since I've been holding a
lizard a lot issues like easy to hold
her because you need little air hands
right now though it looks like Isaac and
Caleb are out in the corner where you
are doing something interesting so I'm
going to go and check it out so what is
this place we're going to be building a
house oh so this is your house
obvious where you start building a house
by putting in the carpet first rate well
I'll tell you it's more like a fort yeah
so this is for exercising and it's also
for when we drill the holes see own
exercises Caleb some pretty good
push-ups you're prepping up for this
spelling be ready for this all right
fall be a ll day what day is it
d a la day house that's a hard one how H
L u XE house how did you know that one I
spelled it before okay how in bunny
while we're trying to find food to eat
harvesting bunnies is your plan yeah but
we might eat some birds you guys
surviving out here in the wilderness
what's your plan here bud I'm trying to
get money to run here what are you doing
making a fire come just in case it gets
cold
Oh for cooking the food if you can't get
me rabbits to come you could eat worms I
found some food for you so we got what
was that a little thinking spot is that
the library it's just a pinch do you
want to help me make a table for your
house yeah you ready to build
you guys find a good base for the table
all right get it back there what are you
doing Ely I'm gonna make salad and riff
these paintings up it'll be a good salad
just don't make it out of poison ivy all
right where do you guys want the table
all three of you have a different idea
of where the table should go problem
solving with kids
all right so Caleb we got to find a flat
place for the logs how can we how can we
know if it's flat or not
that's right check it out and see if
it's flat in the middle it is that's
level pick up let's measure to see which
one's taller okay that one for how tall
is that one they're the same okay so why
does that one seem higher the judges are
not higher sales so we need to get a
level ground should we bring it down
here what do you think you leave should
we bring it back down here where you
were saying
let's get them you want to make sure not
to drill through your hand okay
sanding it down well what you doing make
you look we're going to eat lunch
outside out up your new table I'm going
to get them to different food some extra
peanut butter for dip
that was your net what like moving and
welding Wow wrinkles on - it's not tacos
he's putting peanut butter and honey
inside tortillas don't like pizza or
like booyah
when you're ten natives we had big feet
where Laura how's our table holding up
that's have really skinny blade stinky
legs it's kind of watch out for bugs but
now we love bugs you love that I don't
like bugs and either Elise does it mom
dad you dad likes bugs yeah yeah your
annual like nice teddy bear I like nice
teddy bears too
thanks for helping with the laundry girl
guess welcome I'm mrs. mama bear what
did you say
yes like a mama bear oh thank you
started the load you wanna help me load
the next load you're a great helper pull
it open hopeful full good job we did it
C word
at least is now quizzing dad trying to
stump him this hey penny
can I please hear that in this sentence
what's the word you know p ye n and why
yeah larga garden g ay r and d e n k li
z did he get it right you wanna get the
to dyslexic employ a train to do a
spelling bee up ok garden g a r n garden
pronounced word really clearly gar den
garden GA rden darter ya don't want but
when accessing it ok so jeremy any
leaves are both dyslexic and i'm so
grateful that they have each other it
means so much to release when Jeremy
comes and takes some time to do a
reading lesson with her spelling
activity he just relates and understands
what she's going through and I think
that's really helpful for her to see
that she is going to be an amazing
reader she is already right now but that
she just has to work hard and that she
thinks a little differently and I think
it gives her a lot of hope and
companionship to have her dad there with
her through this so sometimes I can get
the tender mercy like one of God's
graces in our life that some of the
things that we struggle with are
actually genetic like it's so nice and
convenient that what she's going through
is something that jeremy has also
struggled through and has overcome and
found so many benefits from and so Amy
good catch Isaac it made me so happy to
look out the window and see Jeremy and
the big kids playing catch like that
just awesome I'm getting really excited
for summertime it's almost years you're
not catch it was because he had to go up
the right direction good job
nice Oh
oh don't get poison ivy
please don't get poison ivy I feel so
bad for him it must hurt so badly and I
don't want to need the kids to get it
right right oh she's not Jess it's time
to go get janae in the back so usually
janae is clothes I was getting ready to
get her in the bath and I saw them
playing outside now I want to come video
and so she's just wearing a diaper right
now hmm
even if you're naked I still love you
all right
we're keeping it super easy we're doing
red and white pasta for dinner tonight
Akili
let's move in right now
