jeromy's just blow-drying his short goes
us big Radi it's stateroom we love you
miss you mom dad good morning
oh there's palm trees in Palm Springs my
friends Anna and I there's Nana we are
headed to sunrise yoga because it's hard
to sleep in really late when you're a
mom hi guys so we're having a pretty
busy day just want to say we love you
and miss you mom dad breakfast this is
good good breakfast too so Jeremy is
already up at the conference this
morning and janae and I were just
finishing up getting ready we're finally
all dressed I got the diaper bag packed
she's all loaded up look how cute she is
she even has a little bracelet on today
I do news so I'm pushing her through the
door and I hear yes she pooped a big one
so we're going to change that anyway
eventually we got the door but not even
I'm gonna go shoot happy here hey Isaac
what are you doing Domino's let's eat my
own son
well we found Jeremy she pooped again
luckily she didn't blow out all right
Stacey and Daryl are going head to head
with the ball thing
Natalie called engine a very very
pleased me again to Shuang there we go
the kids are going back oh they want to
see janae madam Jamis you all of those
kids and all that craziness is ours
hey Isaac yeah hey I missed you
I'm chatting with Isaac I'm uh hi Lacey
how's it going what I'm doing good what
have you so far oh that's a good
question any food um dad and I did a
little bit of golfing today I did some
yoga we've been doing a lot of visiting
with people and we ate a yummy one and
I've been feeding janae and cleaning her
poopy diapers it was like we did we
fought their money on where she was and
guess what the very first thing she said
was she ran up to me and she said oh
where is easily excited always is not
here and she was well as opossums are
you may as well make that type of a more
accessible to us
all right so Jerry and I are taking a
break to put on the putting green
last time Jeremy I went golfing together
was our anniversary trip oh whoa
and on that trip Jeremy lost something
important
do you guys remember what it was poll
question no question who knows what
Jeremy lost that day and did he find it
so golfing being out on the golf course
the beautiful sunshine the putting green
I am terrible at golf but I absolutely
love getting to relax and do it
sometimes mommy putter in fact I got it
oh that was so low I'm your secret
weapon he is it took another long putt
you almost got it go parent leave a
secret one arm there was an ice cream
social and we missed it because we were
visiting so now we're going to go buy
ourselves our own treat here's our
options we want Ben and Jerry or gelato
ooh a choco taco a strawberry shortcake
I used to like wait for the ice cream
them and I
open way to my money
maybe chose caramel crash so how's
it going yeah have we are settling big I
have liked once on the couch and it's
just so cute it makes you look so grown
up so we ate the gelato all of it
immediately
Jeremy was initially all concerned that
our room doesn't have a freezer
it didn't need a breather we just ate it
all of it but it did leave me with a
burning question I have no idea what the
differences between gelato and ice cream
I know they taste different and custard
like what's the bit what's the big deal
with all these different things like
their sherbert there's custard and
there's ice cream and there's Froyo and
there's gelato I think it's just
different around cream I'm just guessing
but like I think custard has a higher
density of cream well we're gonna have
to when eaten gives a difference of
gelato where it's made from Italy
I think gelatos made by theory in every
habit is do you think she doesn't get to
taste it and just shooting some more
milk you're gonna have sweet caramel
cookie crunch milk all right what arch
is up soon I don't know should we
teleport in time over to them so there
was just a big thunderstorm they're
gonna keep on working on school I'm
Maria have some cookies yeah so I just
got to name this adorable jewelry isn't
that cute look how little these things
are believes help me pick out the colors
and they're just little bracelets I put
on her she's wearing the white wrap
bracelet right now gonna model it for me
like a double wrap bracelet but I can
layer it too
it is Jeremy's just blow-drying his
shorts because he wet his bed so I stand
effing hinders like oh no let me look at
your bum I'm like what because we're at
a conference with a bunch of friends and
there was something on my bun that
looked a lot like diarrhea
it was mustard he'd somehow like sat in
some of their usual mustard just
scrubbed it out and now he's blow-drying
and fan this girl is missing her
brothers and sisters oh I can tell
because she has that certain look on her
face
pictures Kapoor like she's just sitting
there going hello where is my
entertainment can you look over here oh
you can look over here can you look over
here oh what a good trick how about up
can you look up all that down can you
look down oh you can look down can you
look at there she's a genius can you
smile Hey
I'm really excited we're at the escape
room tonight with a bunch of friends and
I love these like mine dangers lost we
didn't win last time we went women's and
I'm really hoping we win this time maybe
she'll be our lucky charm escape routes
are so fun Jeremy Fraser
we're gonna win this time yeah all right
we're heading into the room surface
watch this remember 10 for beginning are
you headed into here ruin the judgment
or that we're running out of time I'm
trying to figure out the clues as we go
thanks more cleaner for snow for the
Blue Boy
cut the wheel your minutes elapsed and
we are so glad Engle guy there's just
been an adrenaline rush that comes with
solving problems smiling pinky they do
tuber you're always holding your camera
and talking to yourself I was at the
Verizon store and a guy actually stopped
me and said that's really weird but then
I can take out what these people are all
really really focused not literally
she's not going to super berry Tejas
half again
yeah
