yeah we'll be heading to the airport in
a couple of hours we've got our bags
packed we're ready to go good morning it
is bright and early and we are headed
off to the airport first we have to say
goodbye Jacob and Ashley is here she's
going to be watching the kids we'll be
leaving them with the camera so you'll
get to see some of the kids adventures
so again this is another time I'm at the
airport and there is no line I don't
know how this happened
so you'd think we'd never traveled with
a kid before Jeremy and I had such a
hard time with just like the car seat
the stroller and like one extra bag it
makes me a little nervous about
traveling with all five of them we're
traveling with all five of our kids
since we can't use
water came Chinatown - mr. Foley you can
look good king what
ah that soothes me dad
okay Harlem
or four
ha
Oh
okay
our flight effect Recife late it's the
live on the runway so in the airplane
jeromy's 14 yuta news news
finally our turn I think
our jokes going to be funny for at least
another year if everything we do that
Emily
pretty excited and she's sitting there
like a potato
Demarest robotics where succeed case we
have a journal
well we made it to Los Angeles and we
got to fly through some incredible fog I
loved it like I love that feeling of
going through the clouds
anyway janae did awesome and so we're
headed to get our bags hopefully they're
there one time we flew here and they
weren't I should probably knock on
someone somewhere not today did really
well she did for like the first hour and
then she started screaming so I found a
restaurant pull over and have lunch and
give her a little break which she's
going to tear
so we just showed up at the resort and
we're checking out our room so we got a
king-sized bed in our room and a couch
and there's a little patio yeah so I
don't think we've even told you guys
where we are yet we are at clammer con
which is a conference for creators video
creators like ourselves and we're
excited to see friends that are we've
known before and meet new friends and
maybe spend some time in the Sun I'm
spending time together so as soon as we
unpacked our stuff I realized that I
left my camera charger for this camera
but I'm blogging with at home so
frustrating but I found a Best Buy they
have the charger I need and so we'll be
good let me know in the comments
something that you've left before when
you were going on a trip that you really
needed in the elastic
so this conference starts with a big
banquet where we get to meet up with a
lot of youtubers and in meeting people
I'm shaking a lot of hands and if you
remember I have my poison ivy
the first thing someone notices when you
go to shake their hand is that you have
a huge mark on your arm so I've been
trying to come up with funner ways to
explain what happened to me mosquito
bite gone wrong
paper cut shark attack let me know in
the comments if you can think of any
better ideas of what could have happened
to my arm what are you guys doing so it
looks like they're having fun they're
sleeping Michael look you're on video
his name's his name's Michael won say hi
Michael oh my gosh so we're having a
reception with hors d'oeuvres and just
meeting up with our friends it's a lotta
good night wait how solid well I can't
find my phone right so my friend Kylie
is a fashion blogger and she is going to
help me DIY come aboard husband
