well I can't find my phone right so my
friend Kylie is a fashion blogger and
she is going to help me DIY thanks for
fishing you're hearing me do
good morning Janine tomorrow morning
Jeremy and janae and I are flying off
for a few days and the big kids are
going to stay here Jeremy's brother
Travis and our sister-in-law Ashley are
going to be babysitting the kids so I'm
trying to make sure that everything is
ready for the kids are staying here you
know the house being ready the school
stuff ready for them to go meal planning
grocery shopping that kind of stuff and
I'm also trying to make sure that we're
ready for our trip you know what clothes
are we going to wear and do I have
everything that a baby is going to need
while we're gone and just all the
logistics of everything oh my mind I
cannot think straight this morning but
right now I'm trying to tackle 9 loads
of laundry running some errands it's
time to clean out the fridge you want to
be my little helper what do you say
that the customer because we're just so
too much stuff in there well I am headed
to my freezer group that I go to once a
month make a bunch of freezer meals for
my family and I'm excited because this
will give some fresh foods and meals for
my sister-in-law to use with my family
while we're gone and then of course some
good lunch for me to eat when they get
home so I'll see if I can show you guys
what I'm making I think I'm making black
beans spinach enchiladas which is yummy
and actually we speak
firstly finished i made eight batches of
this black bean enchiladas really good
and there's so many other great meals
here today i'm excited to try them all
except for the camera didn't open all
the way there nice can see me red and
white pasta and there's like a pesto
chicken penne and then there's a chili
pork verde something that everybody is
loving this off for so i'm excited to go
home i like want to eat dinner right now
thanks for helping me and I'm allowed
paper yeah there's a lot of trash
you might help her
well I can't find my phone I can't find
it anywhere it's been lost for about
five hours at this point I searched both
cars we cleaned like our whole house
which we were planning on cleaning our
house anyway before we left but we still
haven't found it and I know I had it
when I came home and so it's got to be
somewhere but we're leaving on our trip
tomorrow and I keep having people I'm
like I need to text them about this or
oh I need it and I can't do anything
because I don't have my phone
so mmm starting to get kind of worried
about that Caleb what happened I got a
paper cut how did you get that big of a
paper cake I was flagging papers on that
got me just sliding around all right
let's go get that cleaned up okay so my
friend Kylie is a fashion blogger and
she is going to help me DIY cut these
brand-new white jeggings because I feel
I go too long I want them to be more
summery and Inca Lee and I saw her do it
and so she's going to help me figure out
where to cut them and how to do this
Thank You Kylie so here they are long
scary to cut something that's brand new
what is going on here okay you're
driving to Arizona eat lunch just you
guys are you - the dad - hey Timon and
no big people going there's car presence
it's only four oh it's only for you guys
this is all right well I'll have fun in
lunch in Arizona where you're gonna go
to lunch
oh yeah bye well hi v-- is here to get
our groceries and when they brought it
they also handed me this Kendra's phone
was in the middle of the street that's
why we couldn't find it
so Kendra just got back from piano and
I'm gonna show her what I found I like
that idea did you find something
yes hi V found it howdy oh it was in the
road oh I know there's good news though
how thoughtful
maybe you put it on top of the car the
phone isn't damaged I don't think it's
just the case Oh cover I think the phone
is finding it functions I know that that
x-ray came here and it was odd
so the hi v-- person comes up and says
do you know Natalia and I'm like no but
that's my wife's phone and she's like
well Natalia has been texting her and I
was like well thank you we've been
looking you know for the phone but she
said it was right in front of our
neighbors mailbox two feet out so that
was treated in her house it was in front
of our house yeah that must have been it
we would have heard it you would think
no I didn't left the house Matt is
looking for it and then I sign a circle
back around I actually looked on top of
the car but I didn't look in the street
yeah it works it works I think I mean I
push buttons and got it yeah maybe we
should go get a new case yeah what's
your son hmm yeah I mean the phone is
fine
you just finished some dinner suburban
trying to get a birthday mm-hmm sir
heavy alright never double net oh this
is gonna be Danai and Jeremy nigh on the
trip Oh will judgin a minute li see
there's a bear the kids like to talk for
Jame
I think you miss basement huh I'm losing
my mind
this we found my phone I've already lost
it again which then we found him again
but I spent a good five minutes looking
for it and then when I went to my
friend's house I left my camera there I
came home and I'm like where's the
camera so now Jeremy's asking me where
the car key is I have no idea I am going
crazy okay we're going to get into a new
phase obviously having a case is worth
it
so it turned out with where our plan was
that we can upgrade to the iPhone 7 so
we're going to do that what kind of I'm
looking right now for the different
protector were these called so I told my
friend at freezer group that I'd lost my
phone and she has the coolest new
fletchie thing that on her keys that she
pushes a button and it makes her phone
ring and then she can't find her keys
and she puts the button on her phone and
it rings her keys
I need that a desperate
we are making progress we just folded
load of laundry number six load of
laundry number seven is in the washing
machine load of laundry number eight is
in the dryer and here's a little laundry
number nine okay so we ended up going
with the silver iPhone 7 we were
debating about the rose gold which is
just a more exciting way to say pink and
the pink sparkly case what we're going
to do for now I'd love to hear in the
comments what your phone case looks like
so let me know in the comments below
so we got a new phone even your sister
all right if you see a first-rate howdy
PLO there's an open house next one of
the Parade of Homes this is a perfect
