did it seem your sister all right Felix
first rate how to pl
there's an open house next one of the
Parade of Homes this is a close
encounter this morning we are headed to
a community 5k luckily they have liked
the 5k and then they have a family 3k
race so that's the one that we're going
to do
do those moves today is all ready for
her first rate
all right if you feel it first great how
do you feel i nervous you can win floors
you read it I pick took off
well that's why I'm just trying to eat
keep up with the kids Biophilia is going
to change
ready engine and be careful not get lost
on the race of drugs you end up running
far more than you want you well
apparently we missed the turnoff for the
3k so we're doing a 5k
if you and your jogging is candy
carrying what we're going far
how's it going top good get tired yet
yeah well I'm impressed with the kids
they're holding up pretty darn well the
leading runners are starting to loop
back and we're taking a walk hydrate
hydrate hydrate hydrate stuff feel good
cold want expensing people we know all
along the race when they're cheering
Kayla many Lisan and for Terry our
friends on America see me like this
we're almost there buddy last half-mile
I'm finishing with a big kiss now
yeah
now let me go retired
you did awesome I'm an orthodontist rug
did you finish
I got an autograph by who
important thing one of the Chiefs
players is here and so Isaac wanted to
meet him and talk to her went well
alright so now they're doing the kids
race ready
so I think you go this is agent 47 okay
got one got a medal well that was a
great experience it was a really family
friendly event lots of our friends were
there and it was fun for the kids to be
able to participate in it with us I
remember when Caleb was a baby Jeremy
and I trained and ran a half marathon
together and it was just a great
experience you know training for
something specific and then working hard
towards the goal I can learn so much
from running in life the boys are
running the car so there's a function
called undo and it makes it as though I
didn't just do what I did
but command-z on the editing lesson 101
can help and dad edit mm-hmm so I'll
show them a scene without music and then
we'll go and we'll listen to different
types of music and then decide if they
like it how to retrieve music or not so
you push the commands first just like
when you're doing a capital letter where
you're shift and then the letter it's
command Z you guys imagine a Caleb
moving on Isaac and again looks like
they're going to kick me out of the
vlogging business soon hey Laura just
woke up from her nap and she won't touch
Jeremy and she goes dad he'll poison ivy
remember like she's all scared which
makes sense have you seen his arm
recently spoiler alert the banana trick
it didn't order it didn't dry it out oh
here's Jeremy's arm all that does look a
little bit better
I saw a friend of mine today at the 5k
who went to medical school and he's like
so what wait months we went on and kids
like banana peel accepts excuse me I was
like yeah he's bringing up all of these
like legitimate creams and things I
should be putting in I was like I am
attorney and those
poor memento holy Lisa and Caleb and I
snuck out to see a few more of the
Parade of Homes today they just really
enjoyed seeing the houses and so did I
and so we wanted to see a few more
before the Parade of Homes is over
Jeremy wished to come too but he's
taking it for the team and staying home
with Laura and janae which makes it much
easier much easier don't turn it on
what's in there this is contra have her
see the flooring in this laundry room
just cool this is a master closet that
dreams are made of today want some milk
you feeding your sister you're such a
big girl
junu he has 11 the bottle can I get a
lot mom get a lot of what yeah yeah mom
pump some milk for us huh why is it
cause it was warm when it came out and
then we put it in the fridge and then
had to warm it up to the right
temperature dad and she's eaten it keep
yeah
hey it's like oh oh it's like your L
yeah they're a little big huh and a
little slippery let's go
so this is the kind of kids bathroom I
really like lots of counter space two
things and then a door before the toilet
in the shower this is a perfect out
front
remember when mom put a milk and afraid
and then it came freezing yeah sometimes
we freeze the milk or yeah yeah we liked
what she really likes it you want to
burp her back for real good movers
there's an open house next one of the
Parade of Homes it's not quite all the
way finished and Caleb has been begging
to see an unfinished house so we're
going to go inside
- truly the size of the whole room while
I'm wishing that Jeremy over Nathan his
last house Jim I really like it
they have taken actually getting some
curtains for the girls their bedspread
for their new bed came in the mail and
so we're going to get that out today
when we get home and hang up some
curtains you Lisa needs new flip-flops
check this out they're not only too
small but very worn out you're walking
in them
you like those really I like them
alright so these are ones you want is
you a cute he's lying or trying to take
it calls me no one knows I am so tired
but it tilted to come home and snug over
well the bedspread that the girls wanted
came the nail and so we peed on and I'm
excited to show the girls I think
they're going to really enjoy it
the problem is I can't find curtains
that match with it like it doesn't have
curtains that go with it and I'm having
a hard time finding a pink that
coordinates with it so at Target I
picked one up but the coloring it's just
not quite right I'm gonna have to find
another solution
but we're going to put this one up I
have a new side spread to that was
expected I'm on and I'm upset we're
trying our mr. wall yeah we don't you
like warm huh
when you're poison ivy right so these
curtains are darkening crews they've got
this nice lining on the back so I'm
assigned about that cuz I'm hoping
Laurel asleep later in the morning
I'll see how dark concern gets good
night - house we actually are thinking
about moving whoa so this is my very
first time on our trampoline
