we actually are thinking about moving so
this is my very first time on our
trampoline what can I say except you're
welcome for the sides of the Sun the sky
Caleb why are you working on that song
me and Isaac are gonna be doing a play
which is mallanna flora is just easy but
but but it's bonanza they're going to be
the chicken I'm also the dance
what part is today he's the coconut
pirate you guys make a good gravy grim
how about I'll be the ocean
set it up on a run this morning and I
try to keep up with this guy once Oh bud
I missed a deadline for something ah I
hate feeling just like disorganized or
just behind or just missing things by
just a little bit it's like I just can't
keep up with life just gets me
frustrated that I need to be patient
with myself like today is still really
young like I definitely feel like from
organization and being on top of things
standpoint I'm definitely still
recovering from having a baby I feel
like I'm still getting the gist of the
schedule and the flow of five kids so oh
well we'll keep working what to do in
Lane which I gonna do through the throat
in your mouth ah what's it look like
Oh to make it and snuggled yes anything
within anyone today did you just say
that you loved your brother more than
anyone whoa all right the big day for me
these are some new pants that I got
yesterday when I was out shopping and
lose it and here's a big deal
I'm not wearing maternity pants ever
since geneious been born I've still been
wearing my maternity jeans and so they
have like this elastic band that comes
way up here and they like slide off
because I'm not pregnant anymore
anyway I do not sit back in my pre
pregnancy clothes but I went and I got
some new pants and it feels good good
button hand you look great in their
pants and their hand why I will tell you
somewhere fun you might come wait she
want to come yeah well where I'll show
you let's get in the car
a few trees this is what mommy dreams
are made see the pantry oh no this is a
laundry room huge room ha ha and then
one room can this planet look beautiful
because no idea we didn't go here you
see so I guess this is where the garage
the garage go away that in Romania these
are big enough to put a whole laundry
basket in like that's the thing is like
shelling all is that reason to make it
in the laundry room
nothing makes Kendra more DD then you're
looking at new weekend our clothes in
here true their clothes in there right
next to the kitchen table little prodigy
designer you guys look it's two-sided
should we shower on that side or this
side
I think the secret is nice which we
should incited it you have to be
upstairs you guys yes today is not
impressed apparently was it upstairs all
right you guys you think what kind of
homes is boring should we just go home
yeah I want to look at how that you want
to go see another one
I love creative homes I love seeing the
different architecture and the different
layouts and designs and it's just
gorgeous to me to me it's a form of art
oh it's different this time is we
actually are thinking about moving not
today not tomorrow but some point in the
next couple years are definitely going
to be moving there's five kids in our
family and we live in a three-bedroom
house like we're just not going to build
up it in our house forever and so it's
kind of different looking at it as like
oh well what kind of houses are we
interested in reservoirs are the
builders for the house look and the
light
- Laura somebody else came in right now
maybe like was a little bit are we doing
official purposes
wait I should build it you could build
this is it an unfinished basement so
we'll need cubby to do the finishing on
it
but someone else just walked into this
house and more asked politely why are
you here
so Borah these houses are all open to
the public so anyone can come in and
walk around right now
so I had never seen a vaulted closet
before I and how would you ever sit over
there
you children
we're hunting a new restaurant if this
is our first time eating out at a
restaurant as a family
they're getting that big girl so Amazon
just dropped off a box a few bucks yeah
they're use size balls instead of the
big one that we have all the kids are so
curious why so with my poison ivy
getting worse and worse I've been
reading all these home remedies for
poison ivy yeah you put banana peels on
the poison ivy bullet now if it works or
not do you guys ever use home remedies
though for injuries or things where your
mom's like oh you need the honey and
vinegar or we're jazel you know there's
our home remedy well it is gorgeous out
tonight like perfect weather so we're
outside enjoying it in our backyard I
think we're gonna play some frisbee
look there frisbee is soft so when the
kids get hit in head ok just doesn't
hurt
he had a good dad like good one
so this is my very first time on our
trampoline I didn't realize that I'd
never been on it before but we got it
right when I found out I was pregnant
with janae and so this morning sick and
I just have never been on here to dump
and so we were having a lot of fun
running around and jumping like crazy
people
welcome to temple all right we're going
to do our family read aloud on the time
when tonight there were three Eric's in
her class she didn't know which one mr.
Cootes Waterman today I'm trying to
tackle shopping for myself
