okay okay I see what passing rules today
I'm trying to tackle shopping for myself
morning lads I'd word to be your yogurt
all gone oh good morning you waking up
janae how was your morning nap yeah
she's making a little bit of a police I
was she doing what I'm doing now like
this Oh what are you copying your face
what actor Cleveland can you copy my
smile hi janae giving her a hug you're
such a nice sister she smelled a head
she smelled bad ha ha
does she uh maybe a poopy diaper has a
dad does she's a bad breath well today
I'm trying to tackle shopping for myself
and that's a little bit harder
especially having just had a baby I'm
still kind of getting used to my body
and my body is still getting back to
normal whatever normal is though a man
hopefully I find a few cute
Oh
Oh
so I just got back home and I come in
and everybody starts talking at once
Caleb's anemia so long and Laura's
showing me something and I just telling
me about his plans for something and
it's just like wow so overwhelming as
you walk in and everybody's there and
talking a mile a minute you're trying to
listen to everybody and reassure and
love everybody and you know it's a
little bit chaotic but I'm also so
grateful for it like I was only gone for
a short time and I missed them so anyway
someday I'm going to come home and
they're all going to be grown up and
gone and it's gonna be quiet and I'm
going to miss the chaos
my kids have been obsessed with this
certain song and so we finally printed
off the lyrics for them because they
were having a harder time learning the
words and now they have the lyric what
did you just ask for more of screams you
want more sunscreen where do you want
the sunscreen you want more of what Oh
sunscreen you wanted to have more of
this what's it called and no it's called
a whipped cream okay I'll order it you
want whipped cream on your cracker
well did you who taught you that trick I
did whipped cream on graham crackers
that's a crazy Kendra smack that's right
which makes everything better no I
didn't like it this is healthy too right
oh you got a little mustache there cub
mmm what are you guys thinking my little
treat I love it in the comments let us
know any random snacks that you like to
munch on I just want you to pour this in
my mouth or sprayed in my mouth you
think it'd be pretty good huh I've never
done that before I've heard of people
doing that open up let's see if it works
honey hi did you miss me oh she's
talking to you Eric all right well this
girl is officially two months old and I
took her to a two month appointment just
a day or two ago and she weighed in at
10 pounds 2 ounces that mean she's
growing really well she's in the 25th
percentile for her weight and her height
I don't remember her height maybe 22
inches she's doing great she's growing
and developing just the way that she
should
so Jeremy just finished his part of
mowing so now it's time for us to rotate
and he comes in and I'm like okay
business almost done I'm gonna go to
town and Laura goes what you're going to
town can I come and I was like or it's
just a euphemism and Jeremy goes thought
out because she knows what a euphemism
is it was just a funny interaction and
so now I'm going to go to town and mow
my lawn she's working hard
I may have looked ridiculous or the way
better workout
I love freshly mowed lawns love it love
the smell of it you're face to face with
greatness and strength you don't even
know how to feel all right well I'm
making a dinner that my mom used to make
when I was a kid we called it a neat
potato casserole and I just wanted it
like it's like a nostalgic to me and I
was kind of craving it so that's we're
having for dinner tonight it's really
simple you take ground beef add cheese
and pimento goes on top and then I'm
going to serve some veggies and apples
on the side and Janee is helping me huh
you found a penny uh-huh what's it face
up or face down hey do you know that
means it's good luck
now find a penny pick it up all day long
you'll have good luck
okay now you can have a good laugh yes
are you looking the spoon what's on the
spoon what is it snail it's not tomato
but it's potato potato
yes mashed potatoes for dinner all right
here's dinner ready to go in the oven
stuck to the trampoline okay problem hey
you guys except for dinner all right
well here's the finished casserole I
know it's nothing gourmet but it's just
kind of part of you home do this and I
grew up with it everything to it it is
really good I'm American
goodnight
Jay house ow today we're doing a yummy
nummy versus real food challenge so
which ones you guys prefer a real burger
or the enemy burger
