today we're doing a yummy nummy versus
real food challenge so which ones you
guys prefer the real burger or the yummy
nummies burger
good morning today we are doing the
yummy yummy versus real food challenge
what is a yummy nummy it's a food that
chicken baked by yourself have done it
before
yeah Caleb what kind of economic
diligence we see what are you making
hamburgers and french fries taco and my
mate tell me they're yummy there he
wants to do this how are we going to
turn this into tacos I'm a little
concerned how you can make tacos
how did you make sure parents put sugar
in side number one so there's no like
hamburger you want some burger mom not
be on it we could get to eat ours I can
do it myself right
just open the vanilla batter package it
has 12 rounds this movie on camera
smelling good it's about to look like
tacos I think we're still a ways off of
it within my tacos if you want to try
the raspberry or cherry search
you as a great day now is another one
you're ready for tropical punch that's a
big disease almost nothing is it now for
the bun one said to let it cool
donuts are cooking ah three two one all
right now you're doing the icing with
cheese you're doing it like real
because real chef goes in the classic
trade how's the frosting okay so now you
got to scoop the frosting into one of
these little baggies
I was taco me gonna come from the bag
this mother just like talk to me what
sounds good
huh okay now mix it up real good the
track of me on the tortillas don't touch
the stone now you're going to put these
in the mold so you can make it animal so
which color you want
hey this is our cheese YUM hey she's
going to cut the cheese place is awesome
okay testing the cheese awesome you like
it alright and your cheese
Isaac is almost done he's just making
the sauce for his tacos
all right let's this one say fries fries
wonder who came up with this pastor
knows what her french phrase made out of
potatoes so the tacos come with a drink
- Oh mommy look you guys it's bubbling
I'm gonna try some of eternity yeah now
I have a whole meal very leprechaun
wanna wait we're not perfect all the way
even gee that is good like like real
soda give it a pig hmm well here's your
lunch
okay no hungry all right I just got him
out of the fridge should we share him
into better kitchen no good what are you
thinking about
matter anything they were very good I
teach patterns is there some powder
still in there you go what do you think
we would all right now we're going to
try some real gummi bears and see which
one - kids prefer Alex this kind of
vinegar for me to say that since poured
it gummy bears you like those are better
same
so we're taking a break in making the
yummy that means and I'm here with Laura
and Caleb and we're picking up the real
food I'm just going to want a half a
dozen donuts hey Laura what do you think
is going to taste better they're real
donuts or the yummy nummy doughnuts
these Donuts smell can I have one taco
so it's not quite nine o'clock Thanks so
I got a breakfast taco
thank you I think you made tacos yeah so
now the kids are going to try their food
universe terrific tacos and
assassinating silat do you like it so
you all can have a try what do you think
you'd like it
okay you all can have a taste of the
soda
so we're going to see if you guys like
the yummy nummy taco better or the real
taco house the real taco I really like
it but is not as good as a yummy
all right one vote for the yummy nummy
taco I'm with Isaac you like the yummy
nummy taco better the tortillas were
sweeter I think everything is features
smell yummy Haman which taco did you
like better the real taco or the yummy
nummy taco yummy nummy taco why are you
talking quiet they can't answer all
right it's unanimous you all like the
yummy nummy taco better yep you guys
ready to try doing it these are my most
famous donut
I'm out chef Caleb and his famous
doughnuts hmm okay does everyone want to
try one
there we go see what you think I'm
rockin and don't hand are sprinkles
they're gonna try real doughnut oh yeah
I wrote about ten doughnut
oh you're going for the real thing oh
sweet no matter what - mm okay Larry
which one do you like better the real
doughnut or the yummy nummy doughnut the
real doughnut all right we're split two
and two on this one
I hope for milk
got milk I think mom betters I don't you
think I want stretch myself I hope for
yummy
all right and here's the burger and
fries at least you made everybody try
french fries
ooh this is good all right I'm ready it
half a burger try what is that um 4-inch
thing inside key oh we're good I thought
at first I thought oh the onion or care
but soon did it taste like a real
hamburger tell me that's holy no way no
in case like no real hamburger at all or
is like where's my real hamburger yeah
the kids couldn't wait to start eating
so which one do you guys prefer the real
burger or the yummy nummy burger -
burger you like the real burger yeah and
the real fries okay what do you think
Lisa I don't know I like the wind is
French fries more fat - the hamburger
I love the yummy nummy ten times more
yummy nummy burger or this burger yummy
yummy was it fun uh-huh
I could hold it yes I just loved them I
wish that was my dad at every single
door
okay let's giving it a thumbs up poll
question which of the yummy nummies that
we made today was your favorite thanks
for watching J half stat
well TK I almost forgot to show you guys
what I decided on so I just went through
the store grabbing stuff that I was
interested in Laura what you want to be
when you grow up
