I love you guys I almost forgot to show
you guys what I decided on so I just
went through the store grabbing stuff
that I was interested in Laura what you
want to be when you grow up
good morning how are you feeling today
Kenny tired hi King slow gait I think
I'll just throw one of those flats
painadu in a leotard in leggings but
your gymnastics outfit looks so nice did
you do your hair this morning yes good
morning it is barely seven o'clock and I
am already ready for the day my bed is
made
the kids are out doing stuff that means
that they are getting a boy too early I
am NOT a morning person I don't like to
be ready for the day at 7 a.m. I like to
be in bed at 7 a.m. but what can you do
our kids are early risers I don't know
why they do that you know
that counters my morning workout fun
good morning to me seeking your tongue
out at him you're done yeah well I had a
ton of fun on my trip to the cabin but
it's nice to be back with the kids and
back to normal way
I just got spit up all over by janae and
it's all over the floor so watch out for
that so this is an ongoing joke because
janae spits up Oliver Jeremy all the
time and I burp her most of the time and
she very rarely gets me and when she
gets him she get them good like it's
everywhere I was doing something it
might be operator error
I'm sorry side note I got poison ivy he
did which is not contagious though we
don't have to worry about it yeah it
does looks bad but you get for being up
in the woods so this morning we're doing
musical spelling so you kid spelling
practice what they're doing is they have
a word and that's right as many times
they can while I play put the music and
then I turn out from you have to freeze
and how many times they wrote it in the
pan reading is how many points they get
and then we move on to the next word
okay ready
you said go
one alright finish the one you're
working on but don't start another one
eight not memory at seven on for
gymnastics I'm so glad you're feeling
better but it's rainy out today
flattering domestic to begin your window
oh don't close up in order put your arms
out stay on it
you're smaller
we're back home and we are having the
all-important discussion about what the
kids want to be when they grow up and I
loved elesif answer I want to be a
domestic person about Lina cook I want
to be a clown and builder a builder of
light there's the bills arrive moving a
gymnastics person and I want to be a
lawyer and I wanna take logged in yes on
VR tenures duck in a little bit Laura
what do you want to be when you grow up
Obie and valeriy know when I grew up and
then and then blue suit might change
right here and then advantage from that
I'm fine with my one where did you get
the one from I think what about you I
want to be a professional basketball
player in the NBA
looks more to Jeremy how about you what
do you wanna be when you grow up you
know my dream would be to make home
videos and share them with the world I
want to be an aerial Acrobat I grow up
and maybe an author and definitely a
great little boy a few minutes by myself
this afternoon and I'm actually going
shopping which I very rarely do because
I don't like shopping
Jeremie and ranae and I are headed on a
trip soon and I wanted to have a few
cute new outfits most everything she has
is hand-me-downs and I just want to do
something fresh and fun for her and for
me okay let's be honest it's for me
there's a great sale going on and so I
pretty much had to come in and find some
stuff for her right
so I just sent through the store
grabbing stuff that I was interested in
my piles a little too big well we're
meeting up with Jeremy for dinner at
chick-fil-a and I'm excited because I
don't have to cook and Jeremy face the
day and has shoes for Laura because
somehow we left the house without shoes
for Laura she has two jobs unless you
took a loan well there you have it
she doesn't even have in the car so
anyway we're headed in was janae its
first time at chick-fil-a and she looks
pretty excited about it one you know
again I'm gonna get a sandwich what do
you drink more water with - a yes but
every bottle inch of frozen stuff and
she forgot about it so she really she
has to go home before it all melts while
we're here at the church she got it okay
we are playing
tenders leaving your kids in a Moana
themed yoga before bedtime I almost
forgot to show you guys what I decided
on it will of this something I love it
at Mom's beep I don't have to worry as
much about the time this is my favorite
little dress is so simple but I love the
colors and then I got some more comfy
summer outfit and then be strapping head
well how this one has a little time at
the bottom I love the colors and the
brightness is excited by summer close to
the knee December 17 what's looking like
we're gonna have a beautiful sunset
tonight which I love yeah I love a your
best
