well my kids are so sweet they wrote
little letters and stuck up in my
luggage it's fun to find that when I'm
not seeing them good little kids
and
every time we get together we have word
projects that we're doing and today
we're going to be splitting wood and
then we're going to be chipper chipping
chipping it and it's going to make the
mulch for this playground Papa's
playground it's so fun to be up at the
cabin like this thing wasn't even here
before last time we came we help Papa
build it and now we're going to continue
to improve on oh please I love it
how deep is a cub and you've lost a leg
right now we're making concrete yes this
kid is excited we want a little bit of
uphill
perfect yeah inside the rotten wood
there's some pretty big grub that's
gross
here you're on Survivor this is why
you're eating right yeah yummy lunch
how do you feel about this I feel weak
Oh quite that up but I had you know I
had to get a lot more my stomach oh my
gosh look at the height
it's so sad driving around up here
seeing all the damage from the forest
fire that was here last time we came to
the cabin Caleb you see the firefighters
we're going to go see the forest fire
so it's family folklore would have it
Jeff broke both of his ankles jumping a
motorcycle only one being broke brain
you sprain so what happened how big of a
jump was this 780 discussion a net 90
admit if you are a dad at the time right
brand name passed we've decided to hike
it to the top of the summit the air is a
lot thinner up here okay whoa that is a
workout but look at the view worth it
when I was growing up I actually spent a
lot of time in some of the houses we
lived in splitting wood and it feels
really good to do it again so it's a
beautiful day the Sun is out and the
clouds are whitish but it's snowing on
us just lightly very lightly snowing
we're getting a nice flurry yes before
get back to work
what's incredible to think back to when
we first started building this with Papa
we're out here with strings and pounding
poles into the ground and now we have
this whole structure and we put in the
mulch and all of the other parts so that
it's just really fun to see what you can
make of something when you're using your
hands and working together and I feel so
fortunate to get to learn from Papa and
be a part of his projects
both triggering go for it pull it out it
needs to go about right there
good good good well we're only about
halfway through this guy's blast and I
can't believe how many of some of my
favorite things I've already gotten to
do like I've started watching one of my
favorite movies on the airplane I was
able to have a like passionate political
conversation with a friendly person that
I met I've been able to soak in a hot
bath tub
I played and beat Mario Brothers I've
been able to share about this podcast
that was six hours long that I listened
to about nuclear proliferation I slept
in
I went poo and
you
I'm like wait what you doing
well I did video it stars are people try
and laugh did they laugh about it oh my
goodness I love you too Laura
it ended did you hang up on me you
kissed me goodbye did you take some
medicine that's going to make you feel
better
I'm sad that I'm not there to hold you I
sure love you buddy
goodbye Boram goodbye easy try to try
take happiness what we just got back
from church and one of the things I love
about getting together I mean we have
fun we work hard but the discussion and
the focus is about trying to become
better husbands try to become better
fathers and that's what we've spent most
of the time talking about and I'm
excited to go back into my five kids and
my wife and to love them more fully to
be more of the man that I want to be
that's really why we do these getaways
and it makes a difference in embryos
Lloyd
so Sam made shirts we always have shirts
the bro venture lumberjack we calculated
how much would we actually went through
what was it Michael in cubic feet I
don't know people know between 700 and
900 cubic feet no cameras were hurt in
the making of this video
copy Gilbert we've decided to increase
the complexity of the sport by running
while throwing the time cuz we never
really you get at it before and we might
be at war at some point you need to
throw out some Rockets someone while
running yeah
Michael is our sniper tomahawk warrior
yeah I can't do a while running like my
dad but from long distances
don't be content come on you're at all
of us we're going in well it's always
sad to say goodbye but it's time to head
home it is exciting to get to see the
family though
so it's funny this is the one time and
early to the airport and there's no line
at all feels like every time when I'm
running late to the airport there's a
huge line and I'm never going to make
I'm actually not feeling amazing either
and so I have to make
