I'm actually not feeling amazing user
and so I
hmm thank you see you it is just after
7:00 a.m. we've been up since around
6:30 and Jeremy is out of town today is
my very first day alone all day with all
five of my kids and I'm excited about it
I think we're going to make some good
memories and I'm also a little bit
nervous and worried are you feeling that
favors God but like to wrote Stuart I'm
so sorry buddy
to get you a smoothie for breakfast and
is shrimp we might be able to go to the
doctor and see if it's strict throat
we've actually had a pretty productive
morning it's only 8:30 and I think we're
also done with our chores the big kids
are showered and now we're sitting down
to do some read aloud while the kids
color well our house might be messy
right now but it's happy and peaceful so
that's a win in my book this girl's on
her third outfit of the morning and it's
not even noon yet she stood up a ton and
so she's had to be changed a bunch but I
just realized that she is officially two
months old today and he's grew up way
too fast
laura is playing with her beans again
and I am wondering if I'm going to ever
get my clothes on and my teeth brushed
so I'm going to try to get that done
well I did it I am dressed I have makeup
on I brush my teeth I mean this is a
good day but while I was doing that I
come out I'm feeling so successful I'm
like we can do this five kids I got this
and I come out and Laura was playing
with the beans
and she decided to add a bunch of water
to the beans to make stew miss Laura
what did you make
Laura you know if you put water in the
means in here I'm not gonna say which
one it does no but if we put water in
our play beans in the world mold and
they'll get yes
kuroh mole it means like grow bacteria
what is bacteria bacteria are like germs
they're little organisms that can get a
sick but we are already lost it I know
but these would be different kinds of
bacteria miss Laura if you want to use
water you have to ask mommy first
Hey you have to ask mommy first you say
mommy can I use water and then mommy
said yes or no no we can't use water in
our beans
you guys can help me unload the
groceries full deliveries groceries to
the rescue I realize we were out of a
couple things that we needed and I don't
want to take everybody to the grocery
store so it ordered online last night
and it's delivered today and now I've
got our menu plan not only for the next
few days and Jeremy's on but when he
gets home - and I got a few special
things to help us pass the time on us on
gum LaVon so a huge kiss so I also got a
little treat for myself some dark
chocolate I may need it to survive what
did you find Laura oranges yeah
strawberry
oh that's Italian dressing mix it for
recipe you're welcome bagels you are so
strong what are we going to do those
potatoes hello Rita
yeah it is like a baby you taking it
down to the pantry well thank you be
careful with your baby look at that
little precious view I love having her
in this trap because she's just all
snuggled close to me and I get to feel
like I'm holding her and I guess so good
stuff accomplished can you see what your
first birthday
he had and you found your first one
let's see how many words you can join
him on this wise
see some words but not a Laura does the
word say Laura I like mom and daddy you
are the best
I found mine what we're did you find
needle metal chick whistle how would you
think overdid it shows it's magic
just kidding is because I used a wax
crayon the white crayon and so I wrote
on the paper with the white cram so then
when you paint over it the paint doesn't
get on the crayon so then you can see it
yes quickly I love hot sex hey I found
hollow so these are all spelling words
through spelling bee yeah that's what
happens in use watercolors and run in
bed car back we go here's Isaac's did
you finish buddy yes Lisi is almost done
did you find some good words I just want
to make it more powerful now the kids
are writing their own note or drawing
janae loves her big brother
ah he's talking to you
oh she's Maya did you like that she's
like cool noise you know all the
best-trick trying
can you find in your room I just found a
drawing that Caleb did during quiet time
because they're definitely missing their
dad best drawing ever dad drawn by Caleb
there you are Jeremy there's your
likeness well my sister-in-law is
amazing and came over to sit with the
other four kids so I could take this guy
to the doctor he has been complaining
all day still of his throat hurting and
it's just a third day of sickness I
really just want to take him in and get
it checked so that's what we're doing
that's cool oh that hurt right heavy
ones on like that strip we're going to
get you some medicine game you're going
to get feeling better so I'm actually
not feeling amazing either and so I
asked if they could test me as well and
so I am waiting to see if I extraction
well my strep test came back positive as
well and so Caleb and I both have strep
we both got antibiotics and yeah
hopefully we get fill interesting all
right we'll we got on our PJs and we're
eating some food and we took some
medicine now what are we going to do
well today definitely didn't turn out as
planned but it went okay um Isaac any
lease are actually at their cousin
Luke's birthday party tonight and so
that was already in the plans they're
doing that and I got the little kids
here at home I'm trying to put them to
bed
I see Laura sneaking around the corner
I'm going to put myself to bed and
hopefully we'll all get some sleep
tonight and feel better tomorrow
that would be a great thing you know
antibiotics hopefully have a little kick
in so that's it for today goodnight hey
have you have cost area or do you know
what diarrhea is I see it hey goodbye
dad
