you've cost area Laurie do you know what
diarrhea is I see it hey goodbye dad
Caleb still has a temperature give him
some more medicine we get letters today
she getting better
what come on baby daddy and then Sunday
and then Friday and then I come limits
until cabby gets there have you been
learning the days of the week Candace hi
Beverly
Beverly Beverly she knows who this is
the week huh how'd you sleep last night
pretty good I slept good they're my
collection caleb is still sick I
actually woke up not feeling good and
I'm really nervous about that because
Jeremy has something exciting happening
today he is packing up and going out of
town for the next four days oh this will
give me my first time alone with all
five kids
janae is still super little you know up
a ton at night and now with Kayla being
sick and what if I get sick like I I'm
trying not to be overly paranoid about
it
and awesome bong
I think I've gotten it pretty well I
want it it could be even a fun thing to
do and I grew up like how do you be a
pianist mmm
well you're doing awesome how's the
noodles today Laura Oh what's going on
what did you just say yo diarrhea
yeah dude you haven't had any diarrhea
what kind of stories are you making up
Wow ah your cost area or do you know
what diarrhea is what is it ah so did
you think the word diarrhea meant cough
yeah yeah you know diarrhea is yucky poo
okay well I hope your diarrhea gets
better real soon
you stay healthy little girl okay
one of the hardest parts about having a
sick kid and a new baby is you don't
want them to baby to get sick and so
I've been changing my shirt in between
which kid I'm holding because Kayla
wants to cuddle me but I don't want
Jenna to get germs all over her and then
I'm trying to let her be in the swing
when she can so that my hands are free
to help Caleb how's this spelling
practice good either very pretty so the
kids came down to my office to get me
because of a noise they were hearing
outside not the sirens you can hear
those but what was the noise you were
hearing it was like squeaking yeah right
yeah did you guys think it was an animal
yeah for sure
it was my wife ever name this morning
while playing basketball - should we go
down and investigate maybe like a lot so
you think there's an animal somewhere
down here well the noise is gone so I'm
gonna go back to work whoa what's that
they cake you what kind of a cake
vanilla and chocolate and vanilla and
ice cream one two three four five five
layer cake alright well I took a minute
to get myself ready for the day and I
feel better it's funny how when their
sickness around you sometimes you start
getting nervous about getting sick and
so then you're like am I feeling sick
like er somebody throwing up or you're
of life slices the classic example there
like um all sudden my head itches do I
have life like I feel like my head is
ditching just talking about life's right
now so anyway hopefully I'm not getting
sick and I am just going a little bit
crazy what the noise okay apparently the
noise is there Isaac here's the noise
again yeah
it's little birds I think that there's
little birds in a nest right here I'm
going to get a light see I think that
this is a nest and I think that there
are little birds that have hatched in
that nest up in here and we can hear it
right from under the deck but I can't
get up there to see if there actually
are little chicks in there so I'm going
to use my phone to see if I can get a
picture or video to see if there are
birds up there you go
see what's up dude these little birds
mostly it you see the baby chicks and
you can see the birds are moving up
there I'm an amazing little baby birds
we didn't even know it this whole time
okay right there they're doing big like
they're going to be fletchling squeeze
in
that's why we are gearing up to say
goodbye to Jeremy has to leave here in
like 30 minutes but the kids have all
taken a minute and written a little note
to their dad just to tell them they love
him and then it was fun to watch him
like sneak into the room and stuff into
his suitcase so he has those little
surprises for a while he's gone so Isaac
and I have been doing a competition from
right here of who can make the most
shots I've made 68 but he came out
yesterday and got 69 69 in a row looks
incredible the time has come we are
saying goodbye to Jeremy he's only gone
for a couple of days but we love this
man we are gonna miss him dearly
Oh piggyback right okay one last shot
one let's try it basketball your record
69 and you get two on there we go
take good bye dad
jeremy is officially on his way and we
are eating dinner we're having loaded
nachos and the watermelon yeah like he's
after you
did you tell him our secret it's on sale
so we get all of let's get our own
you're right Lee she just told me that I
had cheese right here the whole time I
was filming how embarrassing it would
usually be there huh like this you
mention it in your heart all right well
we're all loaded up in the car
successfully two guys don't say hi
sonic bunny version one for you for you
hi are you guys having a sale on ice
cream flushes today oh that was
yesterday
no we missed it well I'm kind of feeling
silly that I missed that sale I just saw
something online and completely forgot
what they was here just to tell you and
she promised us that she would always
keep track of those sales because we
love having our own slushie I think
we're just going to get one large
watermelon ice cream slush how these
kinds of ice cream yeah should we come
back another day
yes you get one of these ice creams
sounds good you want to go home and eat
a watermelon ice cream flush with us oh
yeah ma'am thank you very much
all right what do you think good it's
not what hurting my throat very mad it's
just helping that feel better
oh is that the medicine you needed some
ice cream slug you know every time we
get sick I'm starting to feel there with
your friend of Medicine
so I just got here at the Phoenix
Airport every year Papa puts together a
guy's retreat up at his cabin it's
always one of my favorite parts of the
year so now I have to get from the
airport up to the cabin Kayla when you
were getting in bed what did you find
olan a letter who's it from
daddy daddy What did he say feel bit he
loves you I could write back to him and
put it in the mail under that I think so
today give him some letters holy stone
she's not going to be gone that he'll be
back before the mail with you well we
made it here to the cabin it's currently
almost 4 a.m. so we've stayed up late
talking the perfect way to start out for
reunion but I'm going to go to bed Janus
L had hurt and he's cold and just want
to snuggle
somebody ran a stop sign
you
