head hurts and he's cold and just want
to snuggle somebody ran a stop sign so
Isaac is starting to play with the
metronome now we can add on other
instruments at the same beat so if you
were playing at this beat then I could
get the drums
Dudek and we could add other instruments
on to you playing okay we'll get with
the drums with my mouth
I bet if you go in there as a journal
you might be able to do that
unfortunately we had some GU room penis
this morning in our house our kids are
struggling with chores and I know that's
just a hard thing and what I know I need
to as a mom is like redo my system like
kind of organize things a little bit
differently give them a little bit more
structure I know I'm trying to figure
out how to redo the chore system in our
home but I don't want it to bring so
much friction every day and you know I
know whining and complaining is just
this is just part of being a kid I don't
know anyway janae I got out our little
play gym for her this morning and she is
loving it she keeps smiling and I know
as soon as I put the camera on her she's
going to stop but it's really cute to
see her enjoying it this play gym every
single one of our kids have used we got
it when Isaac was a baby and they've
always enjoyed it now you're gonna think
that I was that little and they weren't
here to me that so weird that they
weren't here I never doing that mom I'm
videoing what Jenna's view is janae is
like a magnet in our house everybody
wants to be with janae oh alright today
we're going to do a fun activity with
music and art put together we move in a
circle beyond a city so notice your
paper is folded in half you guys see the
fold
yeah cut it
to take a marker and draw a line on that
fold so what we're going to be doing is
drawing two different kinds of music
okay so on one side right roc-roc k or
draw a rock and you rock all right
everybody grab a marker or Fran or
colored pencil and here's what we're
gonna do we're going to listen for two
minutes to rock music and I want you
guys to draw and you can use as many
colors and things as you want just stay
on the rock side and draw the music
playing the drums on it papers
everybody fold up your rock picture one
of you guys think of drawing to rock you
I just know crazy she's up crazy
I don't like sharp turns in so like that
I'll just when you do the footwork all
right everybody grab a new color pencil
and on the other side we've been doing
the classical music
how did it feel different to draw
flexible exception she's just always so
fast no matter what every here's mine
yeah we're going to grab something to
draw with our next one jab she does all
right jab top your picker yay there we
go the commercial vivid YouTube
commercial
very happy family
oh yeah little kicking your feet there I
like your jazz logo oh yeah
I can't dad you taught yeah oh that's
for right again yeah wicked so I noticed
I felt very happy feelings I tried to
use happy colors and boy to my body want
advance for another country
don't break the markers Caleb work
endeavor do they know that your country
like I didn't stop so happy so this is a
way that I like to do happy I just
really like country super excited
you have ninja sensitive I'm Caleb you
are dancing to the beat again you really
got in with alright so as we look at the
differences between our rock drawing and
our classical grind and the jazz in the
country you can kind of feel the
difference in the music where we headed
are you excited on the drive over here
we almost got in an accident I'm still
feeling a little on edge from it what
happened was somebody ran a stop sign
and pulled straight into my lane of
traffic and luckily I was able to swerve
around them and luckily there was no
oncoming traffic at that point but
anyway it's just really scary you be
careful when you're driving all right
show me how it's done
nice work on the balance team
tell me to hold your hand
so I'm sitting here doing reading
lessons with Caleb and he's wanting to
smuggle a bunch and keeps tiny he's cold
and so anyway I get out the thermometer
to read his temperature and somebody has
been playing with our thermometer and
changed it to the Celsius reading and I
don't know how to change it back so I
can tell you that his temperature is
37.6 degrees Celsius I'm going to have
to google that to figure out what that
means whether or not he has a fever
because I don't know you know how to
change it
Isaac claims he knows how to fix this
Fahrenheit is you did not try it how did
you do that buddy he's an old did you
get it on tennis SS a splash C and they
just fold and it gets hit tonight
well apparently it's that simple Thank
You Isaac you're awesome can't you see
if you have a fever cubby
by the way Laura is feeling better so
hopefully if caleb is not feeling good
it'll be pretty quick ninety nine point
two I try that again
oh that hurt okay sit up tall so I can
do it ninety nine point four you've got
a little bit of a fever you're not
feeling good well he's a little warm I
don't know if ninety nine point whatever
technically counts as a fever or not but
it more matters to me how he's acting he
says his head hurts and he's cold and he
just wants to snuggle the Caleb wants to
take a nap he's not feeling good let's
get you some rest big guy okay before he
rests he wants to show you guys how he's
learning to write honey I love your
handwriting Oh snuggled mm-hmm not your
big blanket in there you got your
cubbies and everybody
have a good nap penny le lease has the
giggles because we are going over a
spelling list and I just asked her to
sell cup
can you please sell cup for tup why is
that funny because you said see you Pete
and if you said I can you be oh hey here
you hey do you want to tell me why
you're doing a spelling list I'm doing a
smelling list and I the kids because
we're going to be in the competition of
spelling things are you excited about it
huh so what do you think of the fact
that there's a spelling competition I
think that's pretty funny as I love
stol'n and I love competition
so do you think you're gonna do pretty
well I think I might just pretty good
well we had different plans for this
afternoon but with Kayla being sick
we're definitely staying home Isaac put
on a jacket and went outside to play
basketball he's a die-hard and Elise and
Laura are working on pipe cleaner
sculptures
I'm excited to see that
where are you eating a snack while
you're doing your art what snack are you
eating goldfish it's her favorite meat
it's you I love it it's a Emily
with pipe cleaner uh-huh I see it looks
like you're wearing a dress
yeah and I'm going to church so that's
why everybode oh I like the hairdo well
we're going to attempt to start another
family read aloud we haven't done one
since janae is born I'm excited to get
back into that I love reading to the
kids we're going to read Wayside School
is falling down we read the first
wayside school book and we love that one
and so I hopefully enjoy this one too it
has short chapters which is good in case
people get fussy like her
we've got Laura distracted she's playing
with beans and the three big kids are
coloring
hi John bud my plane is ready very bad
your brain it did I can feel your
temperature from out here in warmer
oh there's one oh two point four oh yes
to just be snuggled so Daddy came up to
spoon another one
good job all right for dinner tonight we
are having tacos and let's just pretend
that we're all getting along and that
there's no fighting or teasing happening
at our table or grumpiness at all yell
us with that story it's time to feed
this to a girl again she's just looking
so cute to me hello hi Laurie you get
ready for bed
