what was your phone call about buddy
okay you're calling Sabra go is this the
girl us to marry you at school you want
to come
okay then where you going to take the
sunglasses off once you're inside just
keep them on
so we're randomly having a whole debate
today
you got the jackets on very cold sir I
wish I had sir
I wish that was a family fun yeah just a
classic Barney some all right I'm trying
to get Caleb to finish his cookie before
he gets in the car
lorig a meter how does that what
happened whole question do you eat in
your car or is that one of the rules in
your family that you can't eat let us
know in the hole while Jeremy is running
errands at the little kids today I got
the big kids here getting school done
Elyse is getting ready for her very
first ever spelling test how are you
feelin kind of scared nervous yeah I'm
kind of nervous that I won't get
anything right it's a spelling test
Erhard and you've got some big words on
your taffy and I just working on math
and I have two small unicorn
drinks we are out
it's gone forever well apparently we
missed the unicorn drink at Starbucks
I'm okay with that but question for you
and you could just let us know in the
comments when there's a fad that comes
along do you normally want to try it
are you curious and interested or are
you kind of gonna just avoid it because
it's a fad like everyone's doing this so
I'm not going to do it did you try the
Unicorn drink from Starbucks let us know
in the pope we missed out that's okay
it's gone alright now the real deal
Eevee's number seven is hundred what
would you do if you had a hundred
dollars hundred greatly and ready
opposite tall and short our opposite
awesome that was your first test gotta
go good joining hear how you did yeah
you got 9 out of 10 correct you only
missed one good job which one which one
you missed number six I'm just so proud
of you Lisa it's really fun to see the
kids studying and working hard and
learning so much at school I really
enjoyed teaching them I didn't think I
was going to homeschool my kids when I
grew up like I didn't ever plan on doing
that but I absolutely loved it
Laura what are we making for lunch Wow
waffles what kind of waffles I don't
know can you tell me we're gonna make
egg waffles oh I thought on Instagram
somewhere anyway it looks healthy and
fun so I want to try it I mixed up some
eggs and spinach and there's a little
bit of Turkey and cheese and red pepper
and salt and pepper in there so now
we're going to put it in here Wow
because that's where we're going to cook
it it's going to turn into a waffle the
morning so slow
I'll be super careful
let's see what this does we can't take
it yet we just put it in there should we
check it yeah all right what do you
think that almost done does it look like
awful
that's all sad yeah I think it needs a
little bit more all right what's done
it kind of sounds like it's going to
explode should I be scared right now
what do you think of it he's going to
fart the other one to do that um a
little bit but not that much
so one must be next what do you think
this Prezi picture sunglasses are very
much
so what did you think of it you can tell
that it's healthier like it's not cooked
with a bunch of butter and fried
goodness but I liked it it was really
good salsa on it was a good flavor for
it
so Laura's telling stories over here
everyone I make columns back when you
were a mom one rainy salmon which
brother oh it was your son what's his
name Oh Alex
so I actually really like this it's
really good the only problem is because
it looks like a waffle now I'm just
craving real awful like this happen
buttery warm goodness everywhere
strawberries on top and whipped cream
yes
the house is really quiet right now
laura is sleeping and so it's janae
jenay's all snuggled up with me anyway I
was just visiting with my mom on the
phone talking about plans for our
upcoming family reunion it's only about
a month away and I'm so excited I can't
believe summer is that soon but it's
gonna be great to see my whole family
and to be at the cabin and my mom was
talking to me about some of the details
and it's gonna be awesome
so who's excited for summer who is
having a family reunion this summer
where are you going what are you doing
let us know I'm excited it's going to be
a great summer
hey mister neigh what do you think
should we have pizza for dinner
you
so I just found this on my bed and it is
a special journal that is Isaac's
journal and it's one that he and Jeremy
and I pass back and forth to each other
so I'll write a note to Isaac and I
leave it on his bed and then Isaac
writes a note back to me or his dad and
leaves the our bed and then Jeremy will
write back to Isaac and so it's just our
chance to talk about things that are
important to us and to I don't know it's
just a special letter writing we let him
know how much we appreciate him and yeah
so I just found it on the bed with a
little note from Isaac to me telling me
thank you for some things and asking me
some questions so I just wrote back to
him and putting it on his bed
hey guys what's your favorite part I'm
going to have a slice with Isaac I'm
going down big microphone I like going
down a big slide with Sciences injuries
so they have a family bathroom here what
we're getting ready to go okay you guys
wanna go get you so oh yeah
tired after all that swimming
why are you putting soap on you things
you shave him just like daddy to get
that beard and mustache all shaved so
this reminds me when I was about Laura's
age I went in and grabbed my dad's razor
and cut my wits really bad trying to
shave to be just like it well we ate a
ton of pizza and now we are tired and we
are just going to relax as a family and
watch a movie and I'm just feeling
really grateful at the end of the day
today I'm remembering back to other
years and different seasons of our life
when Jeremy worked a more traditional
job schedule now since he works from
home you have a ton of flexibility until
he was able to be with the kids and play
with them today and now he's gonna watch
a little bit of the movie with us and
then he's going to disappear into his
basement office and work work work and I
know she gets less sleep this way but
it's so nice that while our kids are
young he's able to be a part of our life
is on ice I'm just feeling really
grateful so Jeremy when you see this
clip and you're editing this we love you
and we're grateful for you and all your
hard work for our family
a strong you made a baby and they may
have cried a little
she wasn't asking for her squeeze
medicine
