the strong you made a baby and I may
have cried a little she's not asking for
her squeeze medicine good morning we're
starting off with some chores today and
Isaac is being my model
he's trying on all of his clothes to see
what fits and what does not fit if it
doesn't fit anymore it goes in the grow
in for Caleb tile and he's also trying
some new clothes on what do you give you
done
I like them they would be good for like
going to Royal Sandy's yeah you're right
blue what are you excited for today
we're putting up their basketball it's
going to be a good day all right how do
you think this one fits I like it let's
see turn around give it a turn keep
turning
faster faster faster faster better stop
okay all right we grabbed more clothes
getting it done
do you like trying on lots and lots of
clothes
yeah the early yeah I didn't think so
oh hi Jovie as I get new clothes or yeah
spend a look at the hand-me-downs
see what's coming up next I made my own
baby you made a baby Adam what's your
baby's name your babies ha ha if you
could put back on its room and its head
yeah we're trying to take care of our
baby a little bit better than that we're
doubling up Caleb's getting his clothes
checked out too unfortunately I've
gotten hit with the cleaning bug and so
now I want to clean it all
arms cleaning I want to clean it all
watch out world here for our should we
set it up okay it might be too late
tonight we might do it tomorrow we gotta
make sure that the skip one is for the
next step
a CB and they ready
with an 81 of me
hey it certainly looks like a basketball
yeah Canty that's true but in okay so
we're finishing up the best of all who
put dad needed some help so mom came out
and yeah yeah you boys excited how about
you II got to test it out it has been a
long time since I played basketball I
don't think I remember how to play well
I'm really excited that the kids get to
enjoy their new hoop now Jeremy did an
awesome job setting it up it's the
instructions said to expect about two
hours for assembly and it only took an
hour so now we have the afternoon to
enjoy it but I did have the kids help
and your house not made a difference I
think Isaac is never going to come in
for lunch or dinner or anything he's
going to live by the backbone employer
yes all right we raised up the hoop a
little bit
when Kendra gets the organization bug
this is what our house ends up looking
like it would have to get Messier before
it gets cleaner that's the way
organization goes but I'm attempting to
go through all of the boy clothes
especially besides 0 to 5 clothes
because I'm realizing some of it's
really not in very good shape even if we
were to have a baby boy at some point I
wouldn't want to put a minute so I'm
just keeping the stuff that's super
sentimental or in really good condition
which means they can get rid of a lot of
this but I have to go through all of it
and they may have cried a little but
that doesn't really makes sense why do I
get sad about getting rid of clothes
that my voice of outgrown but I look at
it and it's like full of memories like
oh I remember when Isaac was doing this
and oh I remember when Caleb's was doing
this and anyway
and we're making a lot of progress
here's all the stuff we are going to be
donating at least so far so good job
with that Kendra I'm going to the baby
boy clothes right now
and this is a little outfit that we
brought Caitlyn homes on the hospital in
what do you think all right
you like it let's read on chief at it
still it's like half of you so you've
more than doubled in size since you're
in the hospital generally kids yeah
you're really cute he'd read to you to
say all this stuff what happened
thank you I just found Isaac's coming
home out there look at that
blood sugar hi I'm new here and this is
the pajamas that I think I have a
picture of every child of ours in so I'm
going to have to wash it and post an A
in it but I know I have a picture of you
Lisa and Kayla tonight well Laura woke
up from her nap with a fever so I've
been busy helping her and taking care of
janae and so elese
took over going through some of Caleb's
clothes with him they're trying them on
together and then Elise is folding up
the ones that fit and helping him put in
there in his drawer correctly I'm so
grateful my big kids and for babies and
for big brothers who play basketball
really well well how do you think of
this I think that almost a little too
big still cubby we'll put it in a
growing box for next year how's it going
going through the clothes good most of
this shirt sick she's been asking for
her squeeze medicine that should help
how you feeling
Edgar you feeling a little bit better
where does it hurt here but no like
anything you watching a show right now
what show is it Goldie and bear you
watch your show okay we love you big
girl are these your new GM is Oh was
that laser eyes any else's paper come
see is that paper cut
what does that do it gets you a paper
cut out Hey that's way worse than
getting burned the laser range we're
good what are your superpowers wait your
ID and I collect all that
how do I give my laser I try it try to
make the laser eyes work have your date
work you got you got to try harder you
got to really push with your eyes before
they are working since I was four that's
my superpower
39 course done here in the water version
number for 100 episodes I got the
mushroom swiss burger and i like to add
fries to my burger give me lots of bacon
deluxe awesomeness a little bit of extra
ketchup online yeah I don't like ketchup
I'm weird
well we are tired out after our long day
so we're going to eat and go to bed good
night
ok how about what
