she likes Lebanon your sister woke up a
little early this morning buddy I'd wake
up so early
yeah look at that hairdo we had fun with
it today we'll look you're reading this
good nastic suk-min good morning today
is swim lessons but unfortunately
Isaac's not feeling well so Jeremy is
just going to take you East and Kate
live the swim lessons and I'm going to
keep Isaac and the little girls home so
hopefully he gets feeling better soon he
said is tummy turning and that is a
miserable feeling
you
Laura's in her happy place
where are you making oh it's big hi
penny
hi it's very yummy
ooh what are you making it for
you got me
thank you system where do you see the
gears now let's see it you're right it's
a gear system so Kendra's pool has been
full
so Kendra's phone has been full
so Jame has been growing up fast I feel
like and I feel like I don't have enough
pictures over I think a lot of video
footage but I haven't been taking very
many pictures especially the last couple
weeks my phone has this ball which is
storage is full I keep meaning to empty
it but I keep forgetting but I just came
down and I'm a journey about pose with
him Jeremy Sehun and so I'm going to use
his phone and take some pictures and
then we're going to empty mommy
I'm gonna go into your phone now what
did you make what did you can I be your
nigra I don't know I want to be active
mr. Rene doesn't know what he wants to
be either she's pretty upset about it
nothing her house Maura
well we've come to pick up some flowers
for our yard
I'm a daddy all right well this is my
favorite treat lately it's that time of
year when all the really good fruit is
coming on sale and so watermelon still
on sale and strawberries and raspberries
and grapes and so I've been cutting them
up and mixing them together and what I
do is I just do it all at once and then
put it into Tupperware's and that lasts
us a couple days it's so good once so
grateful Isaac has started feeling
better on the second half of the day and
so he's actually out okay guys get your
shoes on we're gonna plant the flower
okay you guys carry the mulch up there
you guys working hard janae and I came
out to check the progress and see how
the flowers are going I love the feeling
of yard work and I also am really
grateful that this year I'm just
watching Jeremy do the hard work and
holding janae he'll get to help when you
get bigger so careful guys you're doing
hard work
yeah
or something really gratifying about
getting your hands muddy and dirty go
tell them what what oh what a kick I
need to touch the water okay tell them
it's time for dinner do it ever again
dinner tonight is one of our family
favorites it's called Santa Fe chicken
we serve it over rice with all these
toppings we've got green peppers red
peppers tomatoes cilantro and the fruit
tonight the kids will just not go to bed
the boys did a great job going to bed
tonight with the girls it's late and
they are having such a hard time Lauren
just came out with her shoes on like her
tennis shoes Mike hi mom I'm ready I'm
like where do you think we're going like
it's nighttime go to bed anyway Jeremy
and I are trying to get our celery for
bed and the kitchen is clean so
hopefully they go to sleep soon so that
we can go to sleep but before I end the
vlog I gotta go to show you guys one
more thing Oh
what is a I can you say good night
mmm hey Jay house out I think I'm losing
my mind
well here goes
