I think I'm losing my mind there it is
you
hey hey I am having my baby
why do you have her binky in your mouth
excitement baby you guys playing pretend
it's your mommy I have an the night
admin in their story you put him to bed
yeah and maybe father won't let chicken
squawk well it looks like our student
care of Caleb that's nice
the morning we are having an awesome
morning I got up early and I walked a
couple miles and it felt great and Elise
and I have matching hairdos today doing
zone
we decided to do the high bun together
and now we're headed to where we doing
gymnastics this Y has become more
confusing its beliefs are and Lord
screaming I don't really what's the
matter with Laura the kids are playing
with their shadows yeah Arshad
your shadow they're following you put
your flip-flop set
hi janae today is waking up and getting
ready to eat my mom I'm going to get to
know well janae is all fed now and I'm
just enjoying my bed with her while I
help you lease with her reading lesson
she's growing so much I can't believe
how old shoes huh this is Maya I'll be
my brother going to be tough golf today
alright in our first game Brett and I
are tied he has one shot left to beat me
oh yeah you got it alright
what are you boys building more building
this building this what is it I don't
there's a phonograph at the record
player she goes organizing the pieces
first
so Lucy what do you think of having any
babies I love it yeah what do you love
about it I didn't hold people so much
more like Laura has been growing up and
she's like I like like baby with her and
she's always the baby in life you're
having to carry along like I like her
she's not too heavy not too light and
fluffy not too fussy
she's a pretty great baby huh Wow
I'm getting ready to go into my
counseling appointment and I have loved
counseling a lot of the skills and the
things that I'm learning and working on
are so basic to any relationship like
doing better at validating empathizing
loving we go to school to learn things
like math and social sciences but one of
the things that's so rarely taught in
family or in school is how to be in a
loving relationship how to be committed
in marriage it's been really exciting to
see growth in our relationship and
growth in myself as I continue to try to
work on things to be better a lot of it
is working through the pain and the hurt
that I had as a kid it's just hard
things that went on with my parents
divorce I need a lot of help and I'm
enduring the help that I'm getting I'm
losing my mind
I think I really am so I'm working on
making dinner and it's got lots of
veggies in it and one of the most
important veggies is a whole bag of
green beans they're fresh we got them
from the grocery store yesterday I put
them right here this morning even I
touched them there's like there's the
green beans for dinner tonight and I
can't find them anywhere
I've been looking for probably 20
minutes I have pull apart every part of
this fridge like how does an entire bag
of renames just disappear and our
veggies tonight are not going to taste
as good without green beans which is
okay I mean that doesn't matter but what
matters is I'm losing my mind like how
could they have been there and they're
just gone like I don't think any of my
kids would have just grabbed an entire
bag of green beans since they're not
jelly beans I should clarify that how
did they just disappear I'm just
completely baffled and you're taking
care of your little sister
let's try not to wait girl oh she's not
going to spring this cantaloupe is
perfect it's not your really good
I love Kim alone listening to Moana got
to be on it
I won't be upset if this replaces all
the frozen funds we're seeing all the
time we don't know the words you get
done after learning this is going to be
delicious but you know we'll make it
taste better remain well here is how
dinner turned out ham boiled potatoes
veggies and fruits what kind of fruit do
you have I have cantaloupe in strawberry
mm-hmm and raspberry how about any risk
um who gave you a knife yourself gave it
to you so I never found the green beans
but we luckily had some frozen green
beans and so we use those but it's not
the same as fresh green beans I don't
know what happened to them I think yeah
I have no idea
I started looking like in the bathroom
like maybe you had to go into the
bathroom or up by the TV or by the
computer are we going to finally some
crazy place some day what did Laura do
it cop we don't photograph how does it
work I would actually change so it's
like a Russian player yeah and then you
can close this what is this thing -
that's the needle that would actually
play the music off of a record
what is it record it is a black disc
think of a prison and on it the needle
actually reads the music from off of the
record
ah I like a CV but bigger you guys did a
good job building here this was fun
I'm gonna turn it and you have to make
music it's always sad to let a little
pet go so we're excited to watch them
fly and enjoy the world it might take
them a second to find cows
they've really enjoyed our look another
one is getting ready to go
that one on you it's on your finger
butterfly
Oh
know how to ban
we need
I'm down here Laura do you want to hold
the butterfly and I won't want to get
SARS you want to love the butterfly
tomorrow right
good night gar sell baby unicorn
challenge
