stay is my first post baby workout I'm
going on my very first run so I
recruited the kids to help me and we're
stretching today's political stretch you
ready for it yeah okay are you Emil keep
up with me yeah I think I'm gonna have
our identity up with you you are fast
let's do this alright first mile down we
ended up running for three minutes
walking for one minute so I think we did
like a 12-minute mile so I dropped off
Isaac and here's my second victim I'm so
excited
are you ready to run second mile down
and here's my new buddy you ready to run
let's do it well glad you brought a
purse ready let's go
we run run run how'd that feel
great are you tired out why'd you bring
your purse hey everyone
we pulled out all the kids shoes and
we're seeing what size they are whether
the shoes fit whether they need new
shoes and so we're just taking a look at
everything those have some pretty big
holes in them but thank you Joe
I think that's when you were dragging
them on the street so I'm going through
and making a chart of what they have
what they need so that we can get this
right are you ready to finish
all right Laura thinks we're runnin with
me you tired out okay you go get the
water
well Laura just ran to the under the
street with Sam back she was adorable
now Caleb's gonna finish up my third
mile hopefully I can keep up with him
mom you don't know Sam I don't run fast
why don't you run um because I'm still
practicing no because you don't want to
get shot down oh is that what happened I
just jog huh I want okay you're gonna
help me let's do this do you think you
can go the whole mile with me I bet you
can
Caleb decided he wanted some more
workout so he created this did you bring
your brother drink of water
you are the nicest and it can constrict
but I first I wanted to run more you
want to run more I did one whatsit Kobe
in one mile yeah I did want mine okay
let's see you guys stretch it out mom
needs stretched out I'm gonna be sore
tomorrow
that's a good stretch right there well I
did it
I went 3.1 miles of run walking and I'm
sweaty and I'm gonna be sore tomorrow
but it felt good and it was fun to take
the kids and luckily I feel like I paced
myself and I've been walking every day
one or two miles and so I was ready to
start the run walk and eventually I'll
work up to a full run well Jame is
working hard today it's recording I'm
gonna take the camera yeah so are over
here in this our backyard
and this air in the backyard to get the
lawn ready for dad to mow it so we are
picking up sticks to help the raft yeah
that's about two um
yeah so I'm gonna help you move along
with my mini well yeah it doesn't really
work but it's good but if Dad if I'm
going to the spot that desert code it
looks like I'm cutting off stuff and
it's pretty cool back to maybe we're
gonna be having a really fun time for
discont some work done in the morning
then we're gonna be able to play in the
afternoon flora don't want me to push
you can you pump your legs in huh so the
boys are
laughs thanks for vlogging little stinky
you buggin learn okay good job blocking
the girl where we going keep that ramen
baskin-robbins
Sam ever re there we're there do you
want to go get some ice cream
wow so with having a new baby laura has
started acting up a little it's hard for
the next youngest child when a new baby
comes along so we wanted to make sure to
continue doing things to just show her
we love her we're paying attention to
her
why Bismarck fair yeah is there a lot of
frost in there it was so cold in there
what do you think
let me make
that's for head
do I got one the marriage
why haven't known the lawn for like a
year because I didn't know when I was
pregnant and it feels really good to be
back out here mowing I love the smell of
freshly mowed lawn and anyway the
weather is nice that never heard
sorry kids haven't seen normal again and
we wanted to show her do not watch Moana
all right so it's that time of year when
it's always a big chore to rotate all
the kids clothes out and get their
summer clothes in and see what doesn't
fit from last summer and what we need to
be buying it's also really fun and
exciting for the kids because everything
feels new even though the clothes are
coming out of the Amidon boxes release
your inhibitions building on your skin
no one else sit on your where you both
begin the rest is still unwritten maybe
we gotta leave yes we got it like for
sure once it gets wet
I've been working on something to you
Hey
these spiders have to try them on they
fit and you second and we found this one
out of it did you grow out of those
uh-huh
should we save him for janae Wow he not
too big and I see how to get there and
my hand hat step okay you're right your
feet and your hands have to get bigger
okay let's try the next one's on are you
sure they're not too big I mean they're
a little bit but you might be able to
grow into them okay Emma these are your
dress what
sometimes we have fancy dinners and
sometimes we have macaroni and cheese
that's today's outfit selected me all
right we're starting mallanna I don't
even know if I'm saying that right
because we haven't seen it yet but I
loved it on the pole have you seen it
and did you like it let us throw in the
pole we're gonna end up watching the
show Jay how stop
did you like Mahmoud Brett I'm getting
ready to give blood
