did you like mom in red I'm getting
ready to give blood
hey it's a big smile she likes you
the church that we go to is putting on a
blood drive today so I thought I would
come and donate a friend of our
congregation has a condition where they
need a lot of blood and so the drive is
actually being dedicated to our friend
so I can't help but think about the
advice I was giving the Caleb when he
got his shots just a week or two ago now
I'm here getting ready to be stabbed
when is the last time you gave blood I
mean on the pole
so I'm really grateful for my help and
it's easy to give blood and go through
what it takes to give blood when you
remember I don't have to do this all the
time so it only took me six minutes to
fill up a bag and I apparently am a
Olympic speed level blood giver they're
very proud of me right now I'm gonna go
get some doughnuts cookies one of my
Olympic diet only a weirdo it did here
take themselves giving blood it's time
to get up okay it's time to wake up from
your nap got some drool all over here
it's time to wake up from your nap okay
it's time to wake up did you like your
nap oh that's a big hold you apparently
the boys have a fort that they've built
you know go check it out with me or do
you want to just kind of chill on the
couch okay I'm gonna lay Laura down and
then I'm coming to check it
all right you chill here I'm gonna go
see therefore okay it's two stories
awesome well I got to see the inside of
it down that tunnels underneath the
slide yes and then you can cut through
come into the living room and comment
what room is this issac the kitchen the
kitchen I love what you've done with the
place it's very roomy and then what room
is that right here I don't know how we
could it's a lot you can do with
blankets and chairs
mom said we couldn't bring out the desk
around Pat the desk here
you know she said yes I know you you are
not a snort you are a bird the least
you're reading so well thank you how'd
you like that book I really liked it but
there's kind of sad part yeah which part
did you find was sad he couldn't fight
his mother and he said that what if I
didn't have a mother
no he's dead huh yeah we could live our
life in our fort like we could say mom
give us a lodge and she can make us
something we have a plane spot we have a
slide we have our bedroom yeah but
literally a living room with seats the
kitchen the table a seat funny faces
oh okay well nian can't sleep you sleep
in Napa did you find the Fort Laura
alright we don't jump on the bed okay
well janae had a rough night last night
she was up a bunch of times and so after
school and everything today with the
kids I took a nap
to wash your hands for dinner
kevie I think your shirts on backwards
little stinker you sing in okay climb in
your seat okay I gave blood yeah it's a
little
you're gonna go get your jammies on
Missy yeah
what Oh didn't mom lock did you like mom
in did she like you in her bedroom
luckily Jeremy was here to save me there
have been times when no one else was
here yeah we like stick something up
above the door but I don't know if it's
there right now that's it for tonight so
there may have been a little fight
between some of our players it's my
6-week checkup after having janae my
body went through a lot to bring her
here and it was worth it
