there may have been a little fight
between some of our players it's my
six-week checkup after having janae my
body went through a lot to bring her
here and it was worth it I'm cooking
here tails yeah and you have goggles on
I thought it might like come up and hit
me yeah you got to be safe safety first
and it's all about my new models you
know what you're doing a little research
so we buy large packs of toilet paper
and then the kids take it and put it in
the bathrooms where it belongs
whoa where are you what's the matter
Steve listen you want to help get you
grab a toilet paper good job helping
take it to my bathroom put it under the
sink bring in some more make sure it
says to sue palm the tower of dirty
bigger okay let's go son lessons
well apparently today is this day
because now janae and I are headed into
a doctor's appointment it's actually an
appointment for me it's my six-week
checkup after having janae I can't
believe she's already six weeks old
crazy how fast time goes went the kids
out and how slow it goes in you're
pregnant
you
janay has been keeping me company oh my
gosh I think he won yeah honey I've been
coming to this office for the last ten
months really regularly you know to be
checked up during my pregnancy and now
afterwards and it's just amazing to see
what my body has been through over the
last ten months with morning sickness
and just all the all that goes into
having a baby and then now to have that
final checkup and have them say yep you
know you're healing well and
everything's looking good I'm just
feeling really really grateful really
immensely grateful so we have this
little janae my body went through a lot
to bring her here and it was worth it
infinitely and eternally and forever
pay for school Elise is learning the
difference between fiction and
nonfiction and so she is being the
librarian you're supposed to sort those
books is that one fiction or nonfiction
I write about it and it's really true so
book about Walt Disney K put it in the
nonfiction section Walt Disney Israel
so Caleb wanted me to kind of see
something he created you need a blender
holy cows oh it has a lid what would you
like in your blender sir
okay listen Kyle okay fellow we pour
some milk a little banana everywhere oh
sorry
you're a scrapland sorry okay I fixed it
hmm
are you learning how to work with gears
buddy you're only a real master oh you
need to put the lid on before didn't get
sprayed did you wake up from your nap is
she smiling Oh
hey I love how this looks like such a
sweet moment but they're fighting over
they're so hungry I'm really excited to
dig in to dinner tonight we are having a
spaghetti with rolls and veggies and
fruit milk so the kids have been loving
Foursquare lately question have you ever
played coursework and if so how long ago
did you play so while we're playing
Foursquare Laura is cheering very kindly
you're such a good cheer
so there may have been a little fight
between some of our players and Laura
saw the fight and came down to hug
everyone to calm everyone down she's our
little hug fairy Oh making everyone
happy oh thank you I'm did you ready to
go on a run tonight it's my first time
to run in a long time but I think it's
going to hurt really bad okay how sad
