good morning happy Easter we are
starting our morning today with a family
devotional and I'm excited to be able to
talk with my kids and remember together
about the meaning of Easter and why
we're celebrating today pick and open it
up okay because of Jesus Christ that we
have an example to follow there's always
someone who understands you're never
alone my favorite scripture is John 14 8
and it says I will not leave you
comfortless I will come to you I love
that scripture we can be forgiven we can
have help to forgive us we can be
together in heaven forever it says we
can live with God again we can have
peace and comfort and hard times so if
we feel like we're lost and can't do
anything then we can then we can know
that Jesus is with us we can
change you got it dude okay brinster
breakfast this morning having
hard-boiled eggs yogurt fruit and
granola and donut holes because listen
how's your donut yeah yummy know each
other so yummy I am grateful for Jesus
I'm grateful that the forecast says the
Sun is supposed to come out today I'm
grateful that do you look to the Garden
of Gethsemane and Salford for us and go
home from all that hey one spring and
remember there was a thunderstorm last
night it was just like mmm Oh Chris
Janae's for Easter today she's pretty
excited about it I'm just loving
snuggling her so my family's coming over
tonight for a big Easter dinner I tried
to put the ham in the crock-pot I'm not
sure if it quite fit all right well
we're ready for an Easter egg hunt
it's wet outside so we're still hoping
to be able to do an outdoor Easter egg
hunt later but right now we're doing one
inside just in the living room in the
kitchen some of the eggs are pre-cut and
I try to see if the kids consignment go
Oh
listen my whole favorite holiday is my
first Christmas and Halloween and
Thanksgiving are you girls wearing
matching dresses for Easter all on our
church clothes headed to church this
Easter Sunday and before we left we had
a chance to take a picture of all the
kids together and I think we might have
even gotten a picture of all the kids
smiling which would be a miracle and a
little Easter gift
well janae is all tired out from church
so this year instead of individual
Easter baskets the kids are having a
family store basket yogurt raisins
yeah you guys like yogurt covered
raisins and then you have it I realized
it I want to try welcome it looks fun
doesn't it I'm excited to do these teams
of together
the rain from the morning has cleared up
and it's gorgeous out and so we're going
to be able to do an outdoor Easter egg
hunt I love those so I'm excited to
watch the kids running around and
finding the eggs
good
well
you getting all the forks ready yes dad
in there thanks Pam okay in my hand
Wow so more it was reaching your hands
in do they candy in Kenny I said Larry
you have to go eat some green beans
before you can have the candy and so
Laura ran over to the jellybeans and
started grabbing of green beans she
outsmarted us hmm looks like all the
green beans are gone you all need to eat
green beans no the kids just say I just
start massaging my feet while I'm
sitting here feels pretty much I'm not
complaining who I am you chef you're
onto my shoulders feel I think they
believe that if they massage your legs
and shoulders they won't have to go to
bed that's true then this is their best
stalling technique yet I like this one
oh you massaging my arms yeah all your
hand size my ear you have scales massage
you need feet they probably tired from
all that work and what about being a
baby just because I can't walk it oh yo
man Oh Laura's getting your head not me
not my house keep sucking owes me
something
oh yeah I'm going to put it into this
tune good night Jay how sad
you're doing it Laura
