let's walk on our paper could you all
know what you're doing it Laura did you
have a good night yeah yeah you did
morning mr. night where are you going
this morning you're gonna go to a
friend's house what I'm so scared oh
what's going to happen at Britney's
house Rick we're gonna have a damn good
one
um tragic friend
that's my baby Easter egg hunt that's
gonna be fun
you're so excited huh or I keep
complaining at a friend's house and
there's a bunch of little kids they're
all about two or three years old and
they're going to have a little Easter
egg hunt
you
or you can get ten and okay good job
all are you dropped it oh that one was
tricky gobbler yeah you can eat one egg
but did you get mm-hmm
how was Easter party did you get some
stuff we're doing a science experiment
this afternoon and the kids keep trying
to guess what it is this is their only
clue I think we're gonna put it on your
head and see if it are going on a rocket
what do you think we're doing Lola
Mustang is sitting around seven and a
half dozen made what do you think I
think we're going to put two holes on
the outside and then blow those rotten
came out and then
I think we're gonna do the fruitful
mattress so I want to talk to you guys
about a so I'm thinking there might be a
chick in one you think there might be a
chicken one see you're not sharing these
are just the kind of edge we eat already
easy to break or hard to break me if you
drop down on the floor would it break
yeah if they're easy to break
why don't they break when a chicken sits
on them you know like a hen has to sit
on the eggs even one why doesn't it
right maybe they have a lot of layers of
feathers
I see they will fire one flare a
man-child yeah these are a chicken
these are penaity but you guys think if
I squeeze this egg it will break pretty
thick it won't break and my friend can
be squeezed hard enough what if she
squeezed as hard as she can oh are you
squeezing as hard as you can oh she's
trying to break it I'm so scared they
can't just squeeze it in one spot you
have to put everywhere okay yeah
why am i drinking squeeze it as hard as
you can
and power and stronger anyone try to
bring good Oh staying Gracie dad
probably break it right let's see what
he thinks gonna happen
so we squeeze as hard as we could and we
couldn't break this egg if that's true
then how does a little tiny baby chick
test test and break it when there are a
20-pot hair just going in one o'clock
they have an acre today the egg is
strong enough that his head can sit on
it without breaking it but a little tiny
baby chick to chip it away and you want
the differences the little chick is
talking on one spot and the head is
spreading out their weight over the
whole thing so in one spot it can be
weeks but if you spread it out that's
called distributing the force and the
pressure and then it's strong so here's
my question I have a big question what
do you think would happen if we walked
on need a favorite yeah you wanna try
let's walk on some eggs but first I need
a hypothesis Kayla thinks they're gonna
break or what's gonna happen if we walk
on the 800 finger wait no mix it up
right it's not a bracelet good science
keeps a horror what's gonna happen if we
walk on the egg all day oh you don't
want to be message
Wow John we already cleaned our house
I'm going to do a belly flop with them
the web Brinker there's only one side
pushing mom I take the same as Olli so
should we walk on it all right
you feeling very nervous about this yeah
yeah are you nervous yeah you're
everything
whoa oh there's a lesson uh Laura and
take that we cook yeah you're like when
you stepped on crappy surprising all
right
other male yes cold
you can do it you want to have a chance
okay good mommy do it yeah um you look
at your hand and you'll and push your
hand on that person if you like this
little pet you're doing it cub you did
it nice and tight
she's going you're all done I'm gonna
hold your hand hold you can't stand it
up
good job now walk walk you're doing it
laura is strong mom's gonna do it all
right
um these eggs withstood you guys but do
you think that they can send us me oh
yeah thanks ready
with that loud the traumatizing egg
walking experiment
oh it's get is doing like was just fine
what did you want to race it
yeah always it off awesome I it's
surprising it is a rainbow I know I
didn't want to break them I don't know
what happened but realize right not one
more or less hi oh you're so sweet
little animals alright well I'm a little
embarrassed that all these eggs cracked
I'm not that heavy but Jeremy's
hypothesizing that it might be my high
arches so we're still going to let him
and try this could just go disastrously
I don't know but it'll be fun either way
I'm gonna bring an EKG or you know what
your tidal thing so Laura earlier this
week learned about Humpty Dumpty I think
we might be a little Thomas said Humpty
Dumpty sat on a wall
yeah critical busy yeah ideally you guys
ready
they're all little nervous gay lives
running away
above the weight limit so am I look a
lie you break a lot of them now the kids
have learned how strong is art and how
you can walk on eggs we taught them
nothing oh Allah
you did daddy pickle water 100 in all
over my shoes yeah it is messy huh
but thing we put a down okay but I
didn't fall and crack my head open
okay it's just the eggs aircraft hold up
yeah Humpty Dumpty didn't fall down but
it's okay
no more learning traumatic spearheads
for our kids let's go play ring around
the Rosie
I don't think I'm gonna try it ever
again in my life you're walking on eggs
days are done yeah let's go walk on fire
I'll probably go better for me oh I was
just Joe it was a joke yeah okay today
cleanup time so dad is watching your
feet how do you feel about is dead is it
clean okay do you guys see anything here
that looks kind of egg-shaped
architecture has followed the pattern of
what an egg does to distribute weight so
that you can build big buildings like
domes without any pillars in between
you're like a giant egg tube person do
you do any tricks oh you're an egg now
okay we're gonna try to walk my brother
basically figure he's just my dad didn't
really walk on it the weight distributed
no dad didn't really walk on him there
he is
little mister egg Curtin boy good night
yeah not my dear what is that it's chalk
it helps me grip you've got it ready
