My dear what is that it's chalk it helps
me grip oh you've got it buddy yeah I
put apples in did you think that they
turned into apples it's right here you
guys see its wings it'll grow we have to
feed it now what should we name our new
butterfly it sounds like we're naming
our new butterfly already is to make the
nectar for the butterfly we do 1 cup of
water and 3 teaspoons of sugar
okay cub is gonna do the first one get
one teaspoon of sugar and put it in our
I am good
nectar good it is sweeter than I
expected for just three teachers I can
assure look we have this little pighead
me fill it disconnected sure your honor
who's here cubby we love our story here
Jake for free deliver our groceries so
we're certainly being active on our more
diapers for janae yeah I kept using
Kendra's prenatal vitamins because they
were gummy ones and I finally decided to
get my own men gummy vitamins do you
guys ever take gummy vitamins Lois Moore
on a pole cream wet
crazy we get some milk
yes we did I love it a kids feel like
it's Christmas when our groceries get
delivered Kate girls are you ready for
gymnastics
yeah yeah I'll finish putting this way
you guys go out in the car we don't want
to be late
the kids are so excited that they get to
go back to gymnastics today
go easy go so I'm sitting here watching
the kids do gymnastics and filming them
and I accidentally did something to the
camera where every time I press record
it actually took a picture instead of
like videoing so I tried to fix it I
tried a bunch more things and then I
called Jeremy and while I'm on the phone
of him it just starts working don't you
eat it when that happens
well you got it buddy
what is that it cannot get help to me
great did you do that all by yourself
way to go whoa he loves pig oh well the
highlight of today was definitely the
rim hey come over to my house come over
to play if your doctor says come over to
my very horses are you reading too
keep liking it she's doing her tummy
pain right now
oh come over to my house huh this is
great well it is school time and it's
going pretty well I feel like we're
getting into some pretty good routines
Isaac's doing his math right now Elise
is working on her reading lesson
confession time I am eating one of my
favorite little afternoon treats right
now and I wanted to tell you guys about
it so in our family we do eat cereal for
breakfast at least the kids do and they
usually eat like Cheerios or bran flakes
or something like that but I buy these
kind of cereals on rare occasions as
like a treat and I was craving it inside
ordered it in our grocery this morning
so this is Captain Crunch berries and
that's been munching on this afternoon
my other favorite cereal for a treat is
Lucky Charms
that's just good so questions let us
know in the comments below what is your
favorite cereal house janae ah are you
enjoying your time with her you're nice
well I ran out to the store this
afternoon to try to get some stuff ready
for Easter and I got some Easter candy
she was like Easter candy we're not big
fans of peeps at our house but we do
like jellybeans particularly starburst
jellybeans and then I also got some
Reese's peanut butter cups I can't go
wrong with those two more have hatched
one two three four
oh there's one of them what is it -
there's one more left
oh you know it's not what it looks like
ah it looks like fun
butterflies naturally felt a red which
we called meconium when they emerge from
their crystallized meconium is the waste
product left left over after
metamorphosis meconium is the same word
we use for baby poo when they are born
and very first born nice come on look
doll the ones that are almost funny now
yeah they get made you come out there's
only one left when they come out they
wing they're wet and they have to dry
really must be moist
in fresh pineapple tonight and first to
watch carefully so I don't have my
fingers some of these fruits take a
little bit more work to cut up and so
what I try to do is just cut a bunch of
it at one time and then put it in
container so we can eat it through the
week so tender picked a perfect
pineapple and I asked her how she did it
and she said that if you're able to pull
on the stems and they come out pretty
easily
then it's ripe and yummy so dinner
tonight is one of our new freezer meals
that I made the other day it's called
the Mediterranean chicken right we
haven't had it before it looks good the
dress I asked Jeremy if you wanted to
hold janay I'll get all four kids ready
for bed question what are you doing
good night dear Xiao gonna be my wasp
hunter
there's the lost mess right there
you
