enjoying feeding her yeah oh we're wise
man yah we don't want to be mad at Jesus
Laura where we go in
yeah we are Sue and Laura met a potty
training goal that she's been working
with roof our dog and so her reward is
getting to go on a date with mom and I'm
excited about it let's go girlfriend
this is where the ice cream is yeah we
do here taste that one
what flavor is it
root beer blow and it stinks you're
getting bailed messy cake graded sons
after all those amazing flavors if you
want vanilla she's definitely her
father's daughter wait what happens er
wrinkles in Bristol
good job Laura how is it
strike don't hate your brother that's
against the law so at least you're
coming up there's a church that does
these reenactments of the Easter story
and so we love bringing our family out
for this and remembering the things that
we're celebrating during Easter time
we're so glad to have granny Joe with us
for it we are lying man ha we don't want
to be mad at Jesus yeah why should we be
mad at Jesus before we start the Easter
to our Kendra is nursing janae and so
Laura's keeping us entertained with her
stories my grandpa's like that - Skyy I
like your glasses - groans all right
where we going first we're going to
Bethlehem Bethlehem
the angel Gabriel came to me and told me
that I should marry the Christ child I
am a true one of those fissures that
Jesus Jesus Christ is risen today
hallelujah our triumphant holy day ah
Leila yeah who did once upon the cross
hallelujah suffer to redeem our love
well we're having some cookies and
talking about our favorite parts of
going through each of the different
rooms and we were just so impressed that
our kids
we're so attentive and in reverent
during each room good job you guys I
basically like all of them one in the
garden of gethsemane what you said yeah
like you shouldn't I'm contemplating you
should write it right any talks about
rain yeah and now you should never give
up yeah the heat on trying to go get
some lunch where should we go
anyone oh yeah let's go to Jeannie we
found to Jimmy John so we are hittin up
lunch and dancing apparently
what a gentleman
you hungry yeah but I like this music /
you dancin do
please begin earning so mine has avocado
skill
one denies exploit all right we're going
to let Isaac see Ginny Cottle is hungry
she is she is ready he's doing it try
let her breathe
she is the breathing to many like in
that bottle she says yes this is what I
wanted
how's her she done you done with that
model it's a big bottle I think she's
gonna eat it pretty quick she's the best
eater are you enjoying feeding her yeah
all right we should probably burp her do
you think you can burp her she might
spit up okay
w what's for dinner pika
frozen pizza so all the cousins are over
we're going to be playing
what happened
that's not how did he get hot what
happened he has got hurt like some like
mom can go give him hugs because always
put on this show when they get together
this was called unexpected so funny what
the kids shows they keep getting better
and better they have one more they want
to do for us
yay house out really handle Amy oh my
gosh okay look what happened a finger
all right I'm gonna be fun
