that can really handle anything oh my
god can't look what happened a fun
little fee huh you found see again
so Caleb has been really wanting to do
piano lessons but we've had all of our
kids wait until they're in kindergarten
I'm sure he described my mom was a piano
teacher growing up and so it's fun to
hear a piano lesson going on with my
kids and my mom oh and by the way I
finally cleaned my office because my mom
was coming some things never change
that's happy babe
such beautiful smiles to know oh oh yeah
these are babies until they're twins
next spread breast milk I make bottles
each such a good mommy you hear the
plane all right you guys we're going to
be moving the chrysalis crystallises
long as that same same crystal I you
guys we're going to be moving the
crystallises into a butterfly Gordon
that can really handle animals they can
please sure okay so we had two of them
that fell you don't want them to come
out they're just going to be butterflies
yeah it's gonna be cool so two of the
crystallises
fell to the ground I was actually doing
a time-lapse of the caterpillars when
one of the caterpillars came over and
knocked two of the other caterpillars
off and so one of these guys is of old
oh what a tongue like a pump caterpillar
who knocked two of them are in the
packaging we have they say that they
should still be okay we're just going to
carefully move them over into the
butterfly station and we'll just keep
waiting for them to come out hey Jemaine
you got the nikah this is our fire and
work making muscles
raise your marshmallow or cottage cheese
coming up tonight we're doing my
favorite family tradition which is the
Easter Egg Roll aunt Michelle has a more
exciting way to color Easter eggs you're
doing it Laura then it gets all mixed in
so that's cool
Yoona Cuddy
yep we're looking for a good spot to
make an egg rolling path I know what
love my all right I think we found a
pretty good spot I have the boys helping
me so it's going to start going through
the hallowed log it comes out and then
it's going to go through the roots
I was digging with my fingers and a
sharp rock was under the mud and I cut
myself pretty good guess I'll stop
digging with that hand but I got to
finish the pack comes down through goes
through the branches now we got to
figure out what to do with it from there
I love this tradition this so fun yeah
what happened here finger
I cut it oh my gosh keV look what
happened a finger Oh sometimes when
you're working hard on the easter egg
path boys you cut yourself so what makes
this really exciting that you have to
run an egg down the path without
cracking the egg that's the only way you
can win and no one really wins it's just
fun all right Laura is gonna do it oh
just just kind of drop it there we go
and the egg didn't crack the girls are
coming after making their pass alright
the first time I've ever tried this
right now it's coming oh there we go
there we go here we go here we go we've
tried six times when all my family's
here and it hasn't worked one it keeps
on topping no it did I have it on video
okay come on Isaac roll it true
okay we're going to go see the girls
take that here it comes
under the toe and I just got home we've
been at a homeschool conference so it's
that time of year again for me to think
about what's worked well this year what
do I want to change up for next year and
kind of look into my options and also
just be inspired by some of the speakers
be reminded why we do what we do really
nice to be able to go and take some
quiet time they made it great she didn't
let the whole time and yeah now I'm
excited to see the family and hear about
what they've been up to well oh oh
big ceeze hmm they're here tonight we're
doing a Hawaiian food exercise Michael
have you have something he wants to tell
you sorry Michael that I have told you
will you forgive me
yes out flight got delayed several hours
Casa
