chancer Oh hubby what are you doing up
to it Oh Laurie you reading the
instruction manual to okay one time
stable warm this is a long one so what
do you guys thought of the game best
fiends I love that I love it it's my
favorite game oh my god no hole of
diamonds we got 25 it's really fun to
get out of all the characters upgrade
them it's fun to try to defeat this one
I won how do you defeat the slugs you're
connecting things that are the same
color I think look at that yeah well we
got to get the bomb yes no I can't we're
grateful best fiends reached out to
sponsor today's video so guess what
they're doing in April all right they're
having the Easter egg challenge oh if
you complete all 16 of the challenges
you can get a new bunny character what
am i 16 challenges so let's go check it
out
so if you haven't played best fiends you
can download it for free in the
description box and you'll also get five
dollars of free stuff to help you win
the game if you have played the game I'd
love to hear what level you're on I'm
currently on level 41 but I want to see
in the comments who's the highest level
so let us know in the comments oh my
gosh you're doing awesome
a school there that's a good-looking
skip you can skip to Laura asked me to
babysit her baby while she's skipping
today's helping you today is doing all
the heavy lifting
good thing we just gave Laura a bath
what happened big girl oh yeah did you
spill the breakfast all over yourself
oh okay let's go get changed you're
going to pick up these Cheerios is wrong
in the trash okay so I made a letter for
Mom and it says Q mom from Caleb I love
you mom thank you for doing fun stuff
mine is great one more thing Jill just
wrote me a love letter this is what it
says I love you me you bring me so much
joy that was nice of him why is she like
we're going tell our family you so
excited you're gonna be such a good
gymnast thank what you're eating buddy
connect a book about gymnastics
why are you reading that in it doing
like when maybe today maybe that's the
surprise you want to go to your very
first gymnastics class today now we're
going to shut your first gymnastics
class you preppin up by looking at each
other
no laughing Isaac at least how are you
feeling about gymnastics class amazing
I've been wanting to Genest express my
whole life everyone
you
Oh cookie what are you doing we're up to
it
boy you are your new info let's go for
it buddy you've done it a couple times
watch out he was coming me good work
buddy
oh you okay good job the girls like
gymnastics
good work miss Lora Junaid just hanging
out watching with me
oh so careful good job miss Lora oh
you've all had it runrunrun swings and
swings dance and practice Wow good work
it's raining out today and it has been
raining at cool okay so why do I think
it's romantic
oh well it it was awesome they think you
are ha ha ha it got me finger sanella
and Vera I mean my dad can do all this
Oh climb into your seat buddy unbuckle
so the kids came home from gymnastics
very hungry so we made loaded nachos for
lunch it's got black beans Turkey
cucumbers spinach green peppers red
peppers cheese and some chips you guys
excited
Hey look over there boom caleb is using
those as gymnastic mats to practice oh
you're making a note on your music guard
in case you're curious what if I post it
note over here is this is the basketball
game we're currently playing Jay house
Eagles versus bowls you guys in a bowl
guys holes and was it good good
I'm tied up so Jenice just chilling out
excited to see daddy's shoes he's all
she did spit up a little that was just
because you're dressed nice whenever
you're dressed my ship's audiences leave
your mark claim your territory girl yes
my dad yeah go dad go dad go dad go
ahead that's you know why mention me I
am so happy to be with my family they
are so cool they're so fun but to do
today
when your dad's a drummer don't work so
sitting here holding baby janae while
she sleeps is so sweet and it makes me
so tired I want to take a nap so bad
right now so here's what I was thinking
poll question do you guys like naps or
how often in the week do you take a nap
I love naps
especially when I'm pregnant when I have
a new baby or when I'm a mother or when
I'm in college or when I'm in a high
school or I think I just like that so
but I don't get to take naps as often as
I would like lately since Jenny's been
born I've taken a little bit more so I
guess a couple times a week had taken
that maybe they're usually just power
naps
the power nap is an interesting
phenomenon Jeremy does really well with
a power nap if he takes a long nap he
wakes up Google Inc do you like to nap
kinda sometimes the lightest debt when
he takes long one to get scrump
it's called sleep inertia he has so much
sleep in a long nap that then he wants
more
his body's like I was supposed to sleep
all night
oh yeah
Isaac always wakes up grumpy what looks
like janae has some company who's
Western a yes baby they're babysitting
her and their names are janae all the
babies named Ferdinand this is the one
name that we can think of that's a good
name yeah what are those babies doing
together
they're play again what game are they
playing my god what oh that's a
delightful game doing some laundry
so at least you have a new tooth coming
in yeah so she's got a new tooth coming
in but it's coming in behind the other
one and the other ones loose but it's
not coming out yet I just want it to
just come up you want your tooth to just
come out yeah so that dad might pull
Network done I'm kind of scared when to
Tentacles it out and so this is the
Lisa's third tooth to lose and each time
the tooth have come in behind her
regular teeth and instead of coming up
underneath it I don't know why that's
happening the dentist says it's not a
problem but it sure is interesting Laura
did you set the table oh you did so good
because anything yeah is the big fork
for you yeah because any big whose all
the little spoons for Oh for you and
mm-hmm
thanks for setting the table
tonight for dinner we're having right
salad and I don't hold it like I'm state
chimichanga and then my favorite
slightly my favorite treat is this
mixture of watermelon strawberries and
raspberries game house
near essential yes I'm gonna put more
good luck daddy
