can you replenish yes I'm going with
more good luck buddy
you hope your dreams I don't really know
okay remember okay can I get a smile
look you guys this one's going into a
chrysalis right now it's going to be a
butterfly so soon how long till it
becomes a butterfly I don't know we
should study it and try to find out I
see the balloon Chicka Bom
I said go boom oh I don't think about
amazing
one two three go I have Italian good
morning I am so excited today because
I'm starting to feel more like myself
like I feel like I'm starting to get
back into some routines and some orders
since janae was born so I actually know
what we're having for dinner tonight
it's a crock pot meal and we have some
foam school of stuff today we've been
doing school since janae was born
everyday but it's mostly been like
worksheets type stuff and not the really
fun hands-on stuff that I enjoy so this
morning we're getting back to that all
right are you guys ready for school this
morning
okay so this week we're going to be
learning about opposites in all
different kinds of opposites and one of
the opposites we're going to study is
the opposite poles of the earth
you guys know where those are in the
North hemisphere and stuff
yeah where's the North Pole right here
where's the South Col it's okay and how
are they opposite one is north and one
is now there's also ways that they're
the same what do the north pole in the
south will have the same oh no do you
guys want to make some snow today how do
you make snow Caleb how do we make snow
how do we make snow how do you mix no
this put a whole bag of sugar and flour
we could use cotton balls we could get
like shampoo we prayer hands foot of
snow and we pick up ball of snow and we
will that stick oh can we put a period
in sizes then you put half then this is
how we make a snowman huh young get a
climb at 50 so I bought this instant
snow mix we've never tried it before and
we'll see the first
here growing in the water it's growing
need a stir whoa can you feel all we
gonna get oh my gosh no no yeah this is
what holds our famous yes which pole
disease things come from done or I know
he's come frozen or to divide it was by
your colon thousand all the big ones are
ourselves and the way it does make a
nice warm house very mortifying restinga
golden butter will leave this job and I
would I can't look at the Great Wall of
China I wanna make us I can make
millions
well now I have snow all over my kitchen
hindsight I probably should have put a
tarp down and have been play on top of a
tarp guys think about so I'll just clean
up this mess
so the kids were all invited over to
play at a friend's house this afternoon
and I got to go to Target all by myself
oh it was amazing and I bought popsicles
so apparently the kids made an obstacle
course with different levels and bonus
levels just water inside whoa mommy stop
this you so did while you were here
today see that is awesome did you use a
sewing machine yeah and I press the
pedal and push the button what did you
think of sewing I loved it and she told
me Lisa
magic oh the magic what's the magic it's
you don't have to cut the edges it just
like it you see now if you turn it
inside out oh you turned it inside out
so remember how I was feeling all on top
of things this morning well now my house
is messy again my kids we didn't finish
all the assignments I have hands for
today and then I just opened the crock
pot and I forgot to add wire that's kind
of a big deal
I think it's salvageable yeah definitely
burnt around the edges a little crusty
down there and does not look appetizing
because still needs water you have to
add water gets to so we're going to try
to resurrect it and see what we can do a
stew transplant yes we're going to
transplant it from one cart but to the
other in half water I'm hoping that will
take away the burnt flavor I don't mind
a little burn
hey are you done me when Laura gets
overtired
because we let this thing wash me hands
in your face
Oh
can I get some hot chocolate
sure it might be super hot buddy yes a
vanilla so our friends from church all
the fathers and sons are getting
together for a campout Ali so these
three are bringing up a mattress for Ali
to sleep on somebody's waking up from a
little nap just a little caring a little
crisp kid that side yeah that's nice
looks okay what's the other side look
like
that's the okay side cuz I just put it
right in the fire yeah it got a little
warm good right poor question you like
relish with a hot dog let me know in the
poll miss Laura what happened why you
got MRSA
could you make a little mistake and I go
wash it off you're trying to wash off a
mistake yeah I did with step first
because I saw that there were start
friend and I loved our friend player
looks very nice so the girls are doing
makeovers I've got some old makeup that
I let the girl views on rare occasions
because it always gets really messy so
this is quite a treat
please see what are you doing you're
adding the finishing touches before we
take pictures
my house
do you look scary so all my life I grew
up going to father and son camp outs and
I think it's just a really good thing I
mean it's time to get together connect
with your sons or your dad and other
people it's awesome
right now I think you're handsome a
legal
kid yep never fear Laura's here I'm
always wanting to find ways to give the
kids chances to be independent and see
how this goes a job got reality it is
good that looks fantastic
all right good luck buddy
the girls did a great job we decided to
cook it as one big cookie visa you guys
enjoying your cookies good work team
good night Jay how so
I've never been too busy on ice I think
I was excited
