I've never been to Jersey on I think I
was excited this different so the kids
know that this morning we're going to do
something fun but they don't know yet
what it is and they've been asking all
morning what we're doing you guys ready
to find out yeah we are going this
morning to a special show do you
remember when we were at Disneyland and
we saw the frozen show Disney brought a
show to Kansas City and it's on ice I
think is like I don't even know that it
so they literally put a show on while
ice skating and it goes through the
different stories of Disney so it's
called Disney on Ice
so we're going to get to see them sing
and skate to all the different Disney
shows you might see some Disney
Princesses alright let's go yeah so we
are leaving today with a babysitter a
very capable babysitter my friend
Stacy's had several kids and so she's an
expert and janae I'm gonna miss her but
I'm glad that she's going to just be
safe and warm and happy here and we'll
be able to enjoy the show without as
many interruptions maybe alright janae
we'll see you later you have fun okay
she's looking at me like whatever mom
we'll take you to disney on ice when
you're older okay sure yeah we'll see ya
so every time we drive downtown it's so
crazy to me that I used to drive down
here and work here every day every day
and now just to be at home
there's some big buildings here huh I
used to work in that building we head
back there we're going to go in that big
building
so as soon as we came in all the kids
were wanting concession stands you know
the seven dollar hot dog seven dollars
and fifty cents for a hot dog and
tenders trained to teach them how much
it cost because of them like this and
that we don't buy concessions when we
come to collect because we're cheap like
that so the Sprint Center is huge and we
just entered and our section is right
here that never happened I've never been
too busy on I I think I was excited this
degree there's so much excitement to
come to a big event the smell of the
popcorn the stickiness on your feet as
you walk down the stairs I just have a
lot of good memories that my parents
took me to shows and stuff and it's
exciting to take my kids to stuff we
made and we're on time
like a basketball stinky yeah they can
put ice down on top of it they just move
it they must have something underneath
that's really quick yeah and then they
put water down and three vit I don't
know I bet there's a youtube video about
how they do all this well I miss janae
by for the chance of a fool
Oh
for the bathroom and back before
intermission ended
hi I'm doing um
we can do
while the performance was awesome and I
think it exhausted Laura she is a sweet
I miss janae and she do great can I show
you babe
we're back when I picked her up I held
her and she smiled at me I'm glad we
have today so I come in after Laura's
not to find her but she's nowhere to be
found so of course we looked at a closet
did you sleep in the closet again how
was your met the girl she have a good
nap why are you in the class can tell
when Caleb's really getting into his
iPad game he sticks out his tongue there
from American hey Laura this is my
brother Caleb can you pay my loved one
juicing so like here come free who are
you thing time to go go
every say I got good at my sister door
getting stops wait what are you guys
doing come yeah your ice skaters my
graceful ice skaters guys have a good
day today
yeah give me da housecat so Kevin how
you feeling about getting shots today
