so apparently the kids have a prank
planned for Jeremy have you ever tried
fried pickles
- April now we all have mustaches janae
okay you guys want to clean off your
mustache you all right let's go eat
breakfast with our mother ah
hello commander
I do too Ellie my friends are gonna be
like oh you have a moustache sir you're
only five why would you do
won't you happen to see so my friend
what do you have a moustache
you're a girl a girl it'll look better
in my Wednesday I have mustache and you
say I don't wish - like Stagg
so there's Clippers bet the girls have
to take off hair because I can grow on
if they don't rip off the hair no I
don't know what's how girls do it I
think they just cut their weight bang
about their Alexa towel you know they
cut their hairs on their legs not like
to do this
what's he doing I'm working here you're
burping her are you guys doing some
tummy time together I'll be soft with
those verbs hi there's too many black
people got this one she did wake up this
morning didn't she okay
you're such a nice day sister pink so
there was just a spider in our house and
Caleb took care of it for me because
when Jeremy's not around Caleb usually
jumps up and runs and says I want to
kill it it's just spiders sometimes
spiders get in our house get a claw and
wow I don't know how it got in Laura
what do you think of spiders do you like
them
No very yet thanks for saving on yeah -
Alec - yeah yeah did you wash your hand
yeah okay alright I'm coming to pick up
our next prank have you ever tried fried
pickles so a couple weeks ago
I had these fried pickles and it
surprised me how much they look like
chicken nuggets yep
come on
so Jeremy went out and grabbed
McDonald's with a kid so nice oh my gosh
there's even little dinner it is a break
those are chicken nuggets for McDonald
look
McDonald's put a pickle in your chicken
nugget here try a different one that's
crazy I'm good and we must have a
certain thing they do for a prank Mike
she gotta pick allowed oh that word so
there's our restaurant you guys that
makes fried pickles and we thought we
would prank you for April Fool's April
so what do you think of fried pickles
for our thing ever worst thing ever
hey y'all Nana pijl inside of people
really like it you know who likes it
your aunt Michelle loves the fried
pickles word for a pickle they're not
that mutism in ranch or cutter or if
you're not expecting it to be chicken
yeah that was a good prank
whoops so I made the kids brownies last
night because I knew we were going to do
in the fried pickles and I thought they
deserved a little treat so I even put
chocolate frosting on them which I don't
usually do but is it delicious
do you guys want sprinkled on it what
kind of sprinkles
oh I am ready for another train this is
not tricking us at night mom all right
you think it's too it was suspicious
about the classic poop brownie pray it
goes in the brownie okay it's a new
recipe something I want you guys to all
try it together all right
so Kendra cut up these sponges and then
put chocolate frosting on them what do
you think buddy okay it's just fun and I
frosted it with chocolate frosting you
guys don't have to lick it I think you
owe me the way don't it yeah because
those weren't the real brownie so you
want some real brownie no there's some
one key point Wendy
they're not squishy so you want one
that's not that way you want a real one
yeah that's not voices okay that's not
squishy oh you are so sweet little girl
oh I made this thing so you have to try
to get away from this storm troopers and
get them line off
so we found a coding website that has a
Star Wars game and it takes you through
a series of puzzles to teach you about
coding first and then you get to build
your own game with the code isaac dope
is pretty cool so is this the code over
here that makes the game designs on your
nails I'm trying to feel heart looks
like someone else is coding give them
fun caleb is so yeah prank ready yeah
he's a very much calories to get frame
gonna like cut my hair off or no yeah so
apparently the kids have a prank planned
for Jeremy so I was instructed to get a
large bowl of water and give it to them
this should be fun copy what went on
we're gonna be going off so you guys can
sit on me I'm gonna let go with one hand
if you dump it on the side and now we're
gonna push it off
alright you guys have fun outside okay
so movie dad yeah dad's coming we're
trying to prank them it's not obvious at
all they asked Jeremy to carry this
large full of water outside to the
squeak so they could feed the worms very
thirsty worms oh yeah why don't you
carry that water form Jeremy the things
you do because you love your children
you deserve it from last year I think
what is April Fool's Day it
well that was hilarious
as the kids get older though Jerry and I
are going to have to watch out I have a
feeling we will definitely get pranked
we're not pushing off and then don't we
try two times approachable but won't
work I just had a leaf on for the water
or the water and a boost at all
have fun jumpin - now
