oh yeah
either baby stuff
janay had been crying a lot this morning
but when he least took over she calmed
right down the ugly sister Oh Mike it's
one of your talents Biggles Nate was
born we've had a lot of help from a lot
of people and we wanted to send them
some thank-you cards so the kids are
working on that yeah you're writing I
think you know for Amber just for poppin
logo yep thank you for my draft that
puffle built it and that nice room is
decorated and that is Grandma
so they came today to fix the leak that
we had in our air conditioning you know
the right to experiment dancing like a
song yes sir it is Wow is there any way
you can um put the pipes back together
you just put it back together but he's
just fixing the leak we're so happy that
we caught this before it's hot
it's called battery yes what I call it
while the old timers were caught
sweating sweating you guys the using
this metal tin to be like the glue
that's going to keep it all together
what do you guys think of that was I
thought that whole room would fill up
with pliers so today was the expiration
date for some younger so we're going to
have it for lunch with some fruit and
granola hi guys I am just holding Jame I
just got back from a temporal
appointment for me and it felt good to
get out it was my first time leaving
janae I left her with Jeremy and he said
she did really well and I'm just
impressed he was able to manage all five
kids and like get them going on some
homeschooling stuff he's pretty
impressive so guys
truth be told life is a little bit
chaotic right now you know Amber's on my
parents are gone it's just me and Jeremy
with all five kids and you know janae
has been a little bit more fussy of a
newborn and so we're trying to learn how
to do that while also homeschooling
while also drinking and and a toddler
might have peed and pooped in their room
today and trying to figure out how to
make dinner and keep the house clean and
MA I'm feeling overwhelmed I feel like
the reality of five kids is kind of
thinking in and obviously the beauty of
it is also sinking in but let's just be
honest it's not all roses some days are
tough I may sell fast with having kids
it can go from beautiful and serene the
babies in your hand sleeping to just
chaos go for it yeah
just building a fire are you doing I
think I could make a little sense you're
going to make a person cool just do an
art eyebrows yeah if you made a person
the Laura came up and asked me to read a
book to her and I said yeah sure no
problem and she ran to get the book and
as she ran out she stopped and she
turned around she said don't touch your
phone and I said okay and she said and
don't hold that baby either so I made
sure that Laura and I got some subtle
time alone thank you okay I'm going to
feed the baby
and so we're going to redo that one too
okay
oh you're giving me what I needed thank
you if you need a new tractor oh yeah
you don't get it
baby so I know that your name is the
baby right now that what she said oh
you're right she just wanted a binky
specialist mom or dad know you want
something you're good at talking baby
girls helping me get dinner
what to hit my chest
want to me mr. pickles and what else and
people on it
mushrooms what more you want three
thumbs on it she would like some
croutons on her knees what are you gonna
get on your pizza
um pineapple and cheese I think I was
like a little bit of bacon and no thank
you like anyways I don't love it
he turned out good listen good so all
the kids put Parmesan cheese on top of
their pizza I could extract soap all
questions you like adding Parmesan
cheese on the top of your pizza or not I
don't prefer doing that but I think I'm
not voted on this thank you can I check
in your dick can I dip it in the dipping
sauce all right guys let's go get ready
for bed do I follow me
so Jeremy just got off the phone with
the fire department because it's late at
night and we just turned on our heater
and if you remember this morning we got
our heater and our air conditioning unit
replaced and there's a weird smell and
we don't know what the weird smell is
that kind of both are getting headaches
and that makes us nervous about it and
so we don't know if we're being paranoid
or not but we figured better safe than
sorry
we have had an incident before in our
first year of marriage or a second is
the beginning sometime in the beginning
there was actually a carbon monoxide
leak it got tested and we got evicted
until it was fixed I think it was the
same house that we lived in that we also
had a natural gas leak another time yeah
that place was amazing yeah save so much
money living there and we came out alive
with you all that matters and we lost
some brain cells anyway um especially
with baby
Junaid we just didn't feel like we could
fall asleep and wonder if there was
something that we were breathing that
wasn't amazing so they're sending
somebody out to check which is great
you
we're so grateful the fire department
came out and we don't have a leak we
don't have things I lift all these like
little beeping meters
everywhere and you said that we're good
so now we can go to sleep do not be
worried about our baby yeah
they acknowledge that there was a funny
smell but it wasn't something that they
know that will kill us so our guess
oh oh I'm just going to say how grateful
I am like it's late it's almost midnight
here and to be able to have somebody you
can call in the middle of the night and
just have them come out and just check
thanks firefighters because just you and
I don't think we would've called it
really just sort of open up windows but
when you're dealing with it's really
cold like you don't take checks are
pretty seriously so anyway that's it for
tonight
