just working what are you doing oh look
at that hair 100 different Sun let's do
a quick picture of that hair two three
okay turn I want to get a picture of
that cute little face of yours with it
too all right then you go help Mom like
janilla
love you figure out I love my little
interruption so I'm working in my office
weather is really like overcast and
rainy and it just kind of makes you want
to stay curled up in bed all day so it's
almost lunchtime and that's pretty much
what we've done today then the kids are
playing on the iPad Amber's been playing
with the girls hair janae and I have
been snuggling a question do you guys
find that the weather affects your mood
I do when it's sunny and bright in the
perfect weather I just want to be out
and active and when it's rainy I just
want to snuggle up and drink hot
chocolate and eat chocolate chip cookies
and watch movies but I have a feeling
the day's going to get more exciting
you're the tickle monster I can't get
over her hair today so cute no she's
getting ferocious back I think somebody
is feeling better
so in the mail I just got the bill from
the hospital for all the expenses and
charges relating to having our baby on
your mark get set
you know I've done that before you said
I don't want to be addressed I don't
wanna think I'm doing the kicking game
well but you're feeling better
right help reviewers feel right did you
cry so I'm doing my favorite thing right
now which is just snuggling janae and I
just lovely little moments I know she's
going to grow so fast and it she but I
can't talk it's crazy because she's
already almost a month old and I can't
believe that and it's hard because as
she's getting a little bit older I'm
starting to feel more expectations and I
don't know if they're in my own head or
if there really are the world's
expectations but I'm starting to feel
like I should be back to normal like I
should be up and at it I should be
dressed and have my makeup on and be
making dinner and be skinny again and
just be out and about and doing
everything like normal and I'm not I'm
just trying to be gentle with myself you
know maybe it'll take me a little bit
longer to get back to normal and that's
okay everybody's different and this is
what brings my heart joy and helps heal
me emotionally
typically soon first gonna keep doing
this
so as you get stray now to do the rip
stick without anybody helping them out
Hey
and I said
there's something really exciting to
showed up at our door that we ordered
you guys want to see what it is and then
eventually become a butterfly that's
right do you see the caterpillars
they're tiny right now they're going to
get bigger and then they're going to
turn into butterflies
can't even move they are moving look if
you look close you can see em moving
alright so we're going to stick them
right here where you guys can look at
I'm okay a lot of girl that's the food
okay guys so this is the lifecycle of a
caterpillar into a butterfly
it's happening now it's going into its
chrysalis does it have like green to
like make sure no predators like
complicated yeah maybe it looks like a
leaf
and then it's going to come out of its
chrysalis and be a butterfly we're going
to find out
so did you ride your bike with your hair
like that
I just squish it that's how you put it
in your helmet that is awesome it is
such a cute hairdo we're going to miss
amber ok I'm not coming with Amber's the
airport's I've skated by right now the
magic touch with you man she can get her
to settle down I love you she can be a
bigger next time you see a well we
wanted to take amber to a Kansas City
barbecue place but there wasn't one open
right now today so we're doing Culver's
which is also a Midwest thing a lot of
our cousins came to help us say goodbye
to amber comb there you go what was your
favorite part of having amber with that
learning had a rip next you should you
Joe yeah
yeah I am gonna miss the hair Laurens
here today hilarious
so my favorite part of having amber here
was that I got to spend some one-on-one
time with her when we do big family
reunion there's like 300 people there it
feels like Ansan you don't get to just
do one-on-one time so it was cool to get
to know her one-on-one pay em back the
double butter burger with bacon okay
that's okay
very good I don't like your argument has
a row Saul
thank you buddy
wave goodbye are you that
Melora is pretty sad to say goodbye to
amber we're going to miss her but it was
fun having your jaw
