you want to you want some of my
breakfast Wow did you get them I almost
kept it very close to eject up do that
again okay let's put this back in you
good
how do you like your eggs where we go in
this morning yeah first time for
swimming lessons
so the reason we normally had cold
cereal instead of an omelette is that
cold cereal doesn't leave this kind of a
mess to clean up yeah our first time
swimming this here what are the rules so
that we're safe Isaac don't die number
one number one no time how do we stay
our lives so that we don't die Caleb we
don't go in the deep end without appears
yeah what about running no do we were
even sorry that they didn't sign that
they don't run and why do we not want
you to run because you don't want you
might slip let's crack your head open
and die death is the king of trade today
Laura how are you going to stay safe I'm
gonna help you
yep amber why don't you stick with war
at first cub you're with me at first
okay
you guys ready to do this there was a
time where I went swimming we used to
own a pool and I was like two three
years old and I learned how to kind of
swim when I was five I tried to go to
swim lessons and we had moved and we
hadn't had a pool for a couple years and
I jumped into the water and just started
drowning
I was just drowning they had to like
jump in and save me because I was going
to drown and back okay so when you
haven't done so a long time back I
thought I could swim I just hadn't done
it for a couple years
alright it's swimming time
so I've been looking for the camera
until I realized that it was off and it
was right here filming yeah
that's weaker than ever you girls ready
I'm going to do it okay
there we go
I just living the breaststroke
Oh doing cold keep going
oh yeah you got ready to head home hope
that
29600 made him good we decided to do
chick-fil-a for lunch their salads here
actually pretty low in calories well
unfortunately Laura woke up from her nap
with a fever
she says her head hurts and she's not
feeling good she didn't throw up on her
boom yeah good job lettuces wha
she asks Christie's medicine almost
every day so she's pretty excited
actually good she only gets it when
she's actually sick yeah good job taking
your medicine big girl how are you
feeling well just took a little bit sick
where does your body hurt your head and
your sides you want to snuggle up on the
couch with a blanket maybe yeah I'll
make me watch a show maybe not so easy
when we're sick oh my god he slowed up
the Laura's remembering over Christmas
when everybody was sick and we had to
cancel Christmas yet remember Laura just
threw up all over the living room and I
think that about does a fin for the day
we are officially postponing Christmas
the kids are bummed to not be opening
the presents but honestly they're all
just laying here listless Lea it was bad
a lot on this
some good memories Christmas we did we
had a Christmas tree and now I think it
was birthday time which you vote so now
it's going to be springtime and Easter
time so amber has been waking up early
in the morning like 5:30 her alarm was
going off to come up to help us with the
kids in the morning we really appreciate
on glad she's getting a short nap right
now she deserves it so I love Jim nasal
it'll outfit today I think all the girls
have worn it but jenay's actually had a
pretty hard day she's been pretty fussy
so I hope she's not getting sick so
after the kids watched amber on the rip
stick they wanted to give it a try
looking it up pretty fast so the newborn
phase is beautiful and amazing and it's
also exhausting and challenging some
days and today has been a harder day for
me physically and emotionally my arm and
back are sore from holding tomato all
day long she's just been a lot more
fussy and needing to be held which is
totally fine it's just been a little bit
hard because I can only get halfway
through any of the things that I've
attempted to do so I'm halfway dressed
I'm still wearing my yoga pants on the
bottom I also have half of the laundry
folded half of the dishes done and the
half of dinner prepared so it's just
kind of a halfway day today and you know
what that's okay I'm just trying to take
deep breaths
and just remind myself how precious and
quickly this time is going to pass and
yeah just trying to keep a positive
attitude even when a day can be a little
more and Laura is doing what sick
toddlers do she is watching a show on
the iPad all right dinner tonight is red
and white pasta and frozen veggies
nothing were made by the kids love it
and it works oh I'm just kidding well
she was smiling we turned on the camera
I'm gonna give you know your colors or
keepsakes then we're going to try to put
together 100 kits that are going to go
to I think Africa later this year
