this video today is sponsored by Hasbro
so we got all set up to film in a cart
and Laura goes um we have a tooth loss
people competition it's like because
commit family faith or you want to see
someone click on the iCard up above to
see what happens good morning friends
this is a flashback video remember when
we went to California we are so grateful
Hasbro invited us to make a special
video playing games against another
YouTube family it's a competition it's
like the ultimate family faceoff and
we've been practicing and we are ready
for a fun day of game playing and
winning versus doesn't yeah the text
manners are gonna play against today
passengers and we have to leave we have
to win easy oh this sounds serious
we're all really excited to see eight
passengers again we've met them a couple
of times and our kids usually get along
so this is hangouts friend's birthday so
we're filming the game night in this
awesome house
but this is our first thing to do a big
sheet like this it's very different for
us but it's exciting
I see that place publicly and Laura are
the cutest combo or is it that she wants
the pink boy that you need like soon you
will have a little sister that will also
want the pink to it are we gonna have a
baby
yeah I just got my stuff I've never won
a mic before maybe I will
so now can make it like you know go to
the bathroom
hey lab are you gonna wear microphone
what do you think of that pretty cool
right
I'm really glad you don't live in that
camera yeah but it would look so much
better I may be so
this is our director Alan he's in charge
telling us what to do in Laura Laura
I'll be come over here the laundry and
he's a good rep reader
well she followed your instructions on
it there's a trophy how many passengers
here's the rest in you have the out logs
over here in blue team I love anything
arguing the toilet game you guys gonna
leave yeah good luck the toilet and tell
me
Oh
not going out like that after a while
you don't let them go down and let them
go do not let your guard her well it's
been so nice having my mom and dad here
they just are behind the scenes helping
with the kids and just keeping everybody
happy we're gonna cram you we can get
bagging ass game so we got all set up to
film in a cart and largos um absolutely
and so we're taking her diaper oh well
the gymnastics game was high-pressure it
was so fun the kids are loving this
so this fruit kabob has an edible flower
at the end hopefully better you need the
flower never seen one what's below I
know I put a whole thing in my mouth
yeah definitely ready for the piping
showdown taking free you're nervous for
all the marbles
these girls are pretending like their
cell phones we have a tooth loss people
so we're getting ready to film the next
game and Abby walked or - yeah the
competition is here
keeper falling down good one on your
mark
and if you want to see who won click on
the link below and you can see the video
of what happens you got to check it out
and go over there and shoot your horrid
game day house want to see you in the
comments over on that video yeah we can
do this whole question which game are
you most excited to play toilet trouble
fantastic gymnastics score like a
showdown let us know in a poll
