do you know your colors or q6 then we're
going to try to put together 100 kits
that are going to go to I think Africa
later this year for la cacica
you going to the eye doctor this morning
wha-what did you wrap up for the doctor
okay
what can you touch my hands for MSN Nene
oh okay is this an empty toilet paper
Wow Doc's are really cute
all right did you just wink your drink
yeah you do
let's go get in the car hug
right easy Lube all right well I'm here
with Elise and Laura at the eye doctor
he leaves them for her annual eye exam
and Laura is in to have her eyes checked
for the first time all right who's gonna
go first huh you want to go first
all right go find in that chair yeah the
big chair Klein is get healthier on
you're a big girl what's the doctor can
I do what are you doing awesome all
right
do you know your colors good job what is
this color the poppers what this color
good job good white any Debbie balls
good job we go you know what you better
focus easy me or get a sense Gina rocks
are thank you ma'am oh we love driving
every boss old install product like
honest you can do it leave your yard the
Laura is pretty disturbed about her eyes
being dilated she keeps saying mom I
can't do you I can't see because it's uh
because her eyes are dilated poor girl
yeah are you ready for now so I
scheduled our appointment a little too
close to lunchtime at Laura's naptime
and I didn't realize how long it would
take and I didn't bring Mac mom bail
you're hungry yeah Dolores what's the
hallway she's ready for her nap
she's pretty tight I really feel asleep
into a girl's elese actually doesn't
need a new prescription her glasses that
she has now worked great so that's good
news and Laura does not need glasses
well janae attracts a crowd I think I
ready to have fun oh you are a trickster
see the smiles crier
so Isaac is working on a project today
what are you doing I'm writing a book
it's kind of like my own Star Wars
it's called X galaxy very nice so my
favorite thing you told me about it is
that you invented your own kind of
lightsabers tell them what's different
about your kind of lightsabers it's
electricity instead of lasers and it can
shoot lasers out and it's a missiles
coming in it just melts in let me know
when you're done and you're ready to
publish it
by me anyway
Oh
so Laura is sitting over there looking
at pokemon cards while I'm eating janae
and she holds on up and she says what
does this say mom and I said it says
Pokemon Pokemon now I can't say it right
Pokemon Thank You Elise and so I said
Pokemon and she said poke a mom and then
she looked picked up like every card in
a row Pokemon Pokemon poke you mom poke
all the moms Pokemon it's just really
cute and then she puts down the cards
and goes I wasn't the game so I decided
to put an A in a 0 to 3 month outfit
instead of a newborn one today is a
little bit big truth be told I had to do
the laundry
so we'll put her back in a newborn one
soon but I'm still having to be careful
not to kind of overdo it so I am going
to rest for a little bit so that might
be home soon and snuggle her in jammies
and make it so I just got back from a
counseling appointment I recently
started some personal counseling and
I've done counseling throughout my life
I kind of view it as like a personal
trainer for your heart in your mind like
trying to understand your feelings and
understand the different stories and
things going on in your mind to try to
improve and become better I'm really
enjoying it they actually had me do a
personality test and Kendra did a
personality test in like comparing them
and contrasting them it's interesting so
let me know in the poll have you ever
done a personality test before Jeremy
Mastiff we put together dinner
we've got boiled potatoes roasted
veggies honey sesame chicken little
quick cut nice honey sesame chicken and
fries and roll Lori you working on
Amber's hair what's he going to do with
your hair
oh it's going to be different amber I
would be able to move nervous - you did
want knots in your hair right oh why
don't we do Amber's makeup next oh well
I was just kidding whoa all by myself
so proud of you looks cool like it's my
first time so this afternoon all the
kids are writing Caleb started writing a
Star Wars book and Elyse wrote a book
about janae baby janae I am so excited
that the baby is what I will be a good
big sister I hope you like next book
that and good work you wrote all of that
so tonight Elyse and amber and I are
going to a service project and it's for
a nonprofit organization called daze for
girls so a daze for girls does is they
provide personal feminine hygiene kits
and health education to women around the
world so here's the deal I honestly
don't think very much about what a gift
it is to have personal feminine hygiene
products like tampons and pads available
I just can run to the store and get done
but there's women all over the world who
are not blessed with that and so what
they're doing is they're making these
feminine hygiene kits so that these
women have the opportunities to stay in
school and to continue their jobs and
their trainings even when they're on
their periods and so what we're doing
tonight is we're going to go assemble
some of these kits so everybody's
bringing different parts to help
assemble a feminine hygiene kits tonight
and our part was to bring a much a
washcloth
how many washcloths do you think you're
in that box mm mm shell that would be a
lot of washcloths okay poll question
guess how many washcloths are in this
Amazon box I don't know you don't know
the answer no do what I said Katie you
know the answer you think you do what's
the answer Amber's 100
yes nailed it Oh tracing of that you
were thinking of that but then you
decide to go mm is a heavy leaf no we've
got our wash clause and we're headed
this is fun they have to burn me under
the ribbon could be through the bag but
they're going to load up later so it's
really cool about a service project
tonight is this a personal one my sister
has been involved as David girls for a
while and she's actually gotten to go
and deliver the kits in different places
around the world and then my
sister-in-law Michelle coordinated this
entire event tonight so I'm excited to
be able to be involved in some small way
tonight and I'm proud of my sister my
sister-in-law like they're too beautiful
okay you guys are turning this inside
out smooth okay teamwork hi Michaela
just to get that tongue engine is it'll
really make it work I'm going to add
your snack using this contraption then
you load it your hair
all right so I figured this out now and
I'm adding this in great I can put snaps
on fabric Elysee is now in charge of
helping to roll the washcloth all dark
like loose any leaf All Star team right
hair working on washcloths next the kids
are taking the soap out of all the boxes
if you are interested in learning more
about days for girls you can go to their
website we'll put it in the description
box below and there's ways you can find
out about teams and chapters that might
be local to you and doing things like
this or you can donate there to support
this cause and this is not a sponsored
video this is just the cause that's
close to our heart and we're excited to
be involved in their care have your
doing a cover whoa whoa you're hearing
crazy
okay let's don't touch me the water's
okay
