doing it well whoa you're here crazy
okay look don't touch me my wife is okay
he bases amber up on ESPN oh yeah
awesome
more like can ya get all dressed up oh
not working right so with our air
conditioning out working Morgan came out
to take a look at it he's gonna help us
try to fix it
Kubby are you seeing what he's doing
over here look at all the wires you've
gotta still feel for in reversing valves
and all that stuff okay but don't touch
me the wires okay
there's a screw Mason why fish screaming
it's just because he took the panel off
look the screws are down here ah yeah
beautiful
so we were getting the fan it just
wasn't blowing cold air right got it so
we had no coolant in our air
conditioning this is just nice again
here I'm just pressurizing it we can
finally there's a leak of the system
Morgan's trying to find where the leak
is so we can fix it
so last night Jeremy and I discovered
something that is helping janae sleep
better and I'm really excited about it
so all of our kids when they're newborns
we swaddled them to help them sleep
that's just how they've all slept well
and so swaddling is just like you take
their arms and put them down and then
wrap the blanket around and so they feel
all warm and cozy and janae when we do
that to her she gets all fidgety and
kind of fussy and then she calms down
when she gets her arms out and so last
night they're like wait a minute
we'll just swaddle her without her arms
in and she's sleeping a lot better and
we're excited because that's fantastic
because we like sleep in you want his
word me too it makes me know she's alive
lisi your hair look you guys drinking
your smoothie I think it's gone Lauren
you want your hair braided today
hey Laura hey Laura what are you using
for a microphone Oh black you know what
that is yeah what is it
fancy man no what's this thing I reckon
so
no but what is it really no is it your
brother's nerf arrow No
oh okay
and we're good Caleb you got hole what
Isaac how's roller skating yeah I mean
pretty fast but I can't yeah yeah
balance is kind of an important part of
roller skating a kayak you sing yeah the
little training wheels would you leave a
few guys like Rick and tell Caleb
actually fell really hard on it but one
time okay yes you got up yeah so if you
remember before janae was born I made a
bunch of freezer meals I stocked our
freezer a sink we had almost thirty
freezer meals in there so now that my
parents are gone we are starting to dive
in and eat them and I'm excited because
they're really good meal the one we're
having tonight is Tuscan chicken soup
and it was easy I just got it out and
put it in the pot and it's all done and
then we're making some rolls I think
we'll probably have some fruit with it
too all right so here's dinner
Jeremy's hungry tonight for watermelons
we normally do Grateful bad days so I'm
grateful that we have amber with us she
has been so helpful she woke up with the
kids this morning
personal yeah super die I'm glad that me
and Isaac's play basketball
Maggie a really cool little help like
that picking and I like I like dribbled
in a little I dive for it and hit it and
then i alright so basketball look what
that one was
I'm grateful so excited I grateful for
that we gotta go for okay
what this is more than one enough
whistle for
nail it yes grateful for cousin I love
you guys I am grateful for janae I'm so
glad to not be pregnant anymore and to
have her out and here and she's just so
fun why we hung out the wedding album 12
years ago is so I can have to show you
guys the picture of amber with that I
really got in here so we're talking
about how amber was Laura's age when I
married into the family we've got a
picture of her with me on my wedding day
in my wedding dress I thought she was
coming with Lulu this one was one ever
hears me with Kendra hood McHale is in
Bay you looking at the pictures Laura
yeah I really wanna turn the picture you
want to turn the pages yeah doesn't she
look like Laura Laura you can grow up
and look like amber you'll be a foot
shorter though ah
Amber's dad is 6 6 6 5 yeah sorry I'm
not that dumb haha
the doctor said you probably
remember I am 6/8 right now
it's been a long day okay
oh my goodness
who did your hair I mean to me at least
this is Junaid first trip to a park
