meditating Caleb so in family life we
often get into a situation where we
don't have enough time to get all the
things done that we need to do and our
family goes into hyperdrive mode we're
training eat and get ready for family
pictures and we have about 20 minutes
until we're starting we have to get all
of our clothes picked out and ready to
go and be wrinkled for all seven of us
so it's going to be a little crazy
that's the hardest part of family
pictures is what to wear
is that your shirt why you excited to
put it in ok go wash your hands below
clear your head oh cool honey you just
want you I think it's because it's been
a long time since we cut it we cut it
when you turn to five have you been
thinking about getting it cut again well
thank you gonna get to another girls
that do not have hair is and to make
them hat what do you think about here do
a poll questions should Elise go to
short hair I enjoy it cut but it's
harder to our cause it takes longer when
longer you think you prefer short
apparently easier inveigle way to easier
okay what do you think that it looks
cute so you locate with short and long
hair so I need is just Department came
on she's you're cleaning your glasses
okay I have decided that newborn
pictures are cruel and unusual
punishment the trend right now is to do
like family lifestyle pictures that
means is in your house you can enjoy
house has to be clean that means your
whole family has to be happy and we're
good at the same time so your house has
to be clean Oh Elise took her yeah
remember we're going to take your usual
so we got a new bedspread
we got three new bed okay you want to
become me like and we chose this planet
but have a weird crease down the middle
and again Gillian is here helping us out
doing pictures
jurian came to the hospital took some
pictures of Jeremy and janae
and I and so we're gonna have to put all
those that are you guys busy but we
wanted to create real good more mix with
the whole family right now please you
thought you wanted
hey you say your commentating yeah if
you want me on the voice
Oh
I figured into the job it's so fun to
take pictures with a baby and for other
kids to take pictures and baby and blow
everything
these shirts are from lifeline Red's
Andrew and Hannah are friends of ours
and they sent them to us when they found
out we were pregnant is class fun well
Jeremy has neutralized the children okay
our school because they're watching a
young thinking in them now comes the
more pleasant part it's just Jeremy nice
and as long as I smile right I always
have a fake smile thanks mom it's creepy
so I have to think of funny things like
Kendra Tooting during the picture you
just what would you so earlier when we
were taking picture I don't think the
camera was on but we had all the kids
roll over and landers comics and as they
were rolling over and caleb totally
passed gas on Julian I wasn't she was
like oh it's like oh and it stunk
because it's so good doing pictures I'm
giving them a lot of different kinds of
candy how are you guys enjoying it here
outside though we'll talk like beautiful
Canyon all kinds oh man they know my
secret oh we're gonna have to find a new
hiding spot know if you guys have had
way too much candy I can really like
peel to shove in a cage for you in my
body diagram we're gonna have an
exciting next hour or two
do you want to go to a park so we're
sitting here talking to janae and Laura
says mom she looks so born and I said
yeah yes she was born and she does and
she looks kind of like Jesus like
wrapped in swaddling clothes rain
dddd dddd dddd looking at it as she
smiled so Kendra borrowed some bows from
a friend and now I loaded up the kids
and we're going to go drop the bows back
off and maybe go to a park to see the
doggy what's your dog's name and Ferris
there's like no oh
you
I'm operating the Guyana creature hey
Caleb I think your shoes are on the
wrong feet
I don't like you meditating Caleb to try
not to get it be one with the park
my
so that's the part for the last 15
minutes I've been warning the kids every
minute that we're going to be leaving
and preparing them of what to say and
everything went according to plan I was
like it time is up and they all said
goodbye to their friends that they had
just met we walked over the car everyone
was coming along and last minute Laura
had her head hanging low because she was
sad to say goodbye to her friend and
just as I was getting into the car she
took off so I have to go chase her dead
now but it was fun it was funny
but I have to not laugh at it because
then I encourage disobedience come on I
know do you want to say goodbye you can
give hug give hugs to friends okay now
say goodbye yep come on you made a good
choice Laura's going to give us a run
for our money
yep it's fun to make new friends huh who
wants Panda Express
you want some the chow mein okay go to
jail I'll bring it to you
revealing with the concert anyone else
won't afford everything this is a
Mexican for this is Chinese food kind of
an American version of banging yeah
wait you guys went past our car come on
brush your teeth at your jam is go brush
your teeth and get your jammers on come
on I am Charlie okay come on Jenny go
brush your teeth get your jammies on all
right hugs you guys let's go to bed mmm
mmm the rest move makes me
oh good that's my chest ik good night
Jay have them oh and you came that is my
tummy
