we just got a surprising confession
everything is already know Caleb
wandering further and further out trying
to climb higher and higher and green I
think you do not have green on my friend
oh good morning well I have just the
girls with me today and we are headed in
for doctor's appointments there well
checks all around it's going to be
Lisa's seven-year-old checkup and
Laura's three-year-old checkup and
Janae's to Eagle checkup hey sweetie the
green people can forget it
and chicken baby good be nice man thank
you
we need going in the toilet oh no Thomas
move it all right well the girls are all
dressed and waiting for the doctor Laura
what do you think of the doctor coming
in checking it oh he won't leave you
shocked you have no shots today what
you're wrong what yes you wouldn't
accept it you're thinking in your easy
tinkles continue tickle even awesome
it's so dark and I like the light so you
like getting your all your chest and the
octave so nice yeah doctor is really
nice you got your blood pressure taken
how is that good you can only go when
you're yeah so you're the only one
what do you think oh I'll do it again
try the back again Laura what's the
doctor gonna check yeah there's a shark
on the water you better jump okay that's
the safe spot Yoga is like Yoda good job
he pull the girls all doing great the
doctor says everybody's looking healthy
and developing well though I got
interrupted in there but the girls got
little tickets for free ice creams from
Sonic because they were just really
great patients and so um I was really
touched because when the doctor gave him
to the girls Elise said oh thank you I
think my brothers might be sad though
and the doctor was like Oh your brothers
are at home and so the doctor went back
and got two more tickets so boys can
have ice cream too and I just felt kind
of so sweet that II least thought of
them so we figure the kids have been
building lightsabers today
I think you guys come up with different
names for yourselves like Jedi names
yeah well you ain't give a bad guy oh
I'm George Titanic he's Darth radiant
and I'm black pitch black spit okay I
hope the Goodwin's ready that battle she
was really into ha ha ha this
- I really love getting really into
holidays it's fun for me to really do
fun stuff as a family and you know make
fun food and have fun activities and
this year
honestly I'm just not up to it for Saint
Patrick's Day so we're keeping it simple
I'm giving myself some grapes just
saying you know what this year we're
just wearing green Jeremy's taking the
big kids to an Irish restaurant because
I don't feel like cooking anything and
that's going to be enough today maybe
maybe we'll have lucky terms for dessert
I just wish you to get something green
okay so I'm at an Irish market has
opinions for a hundred and thirty years
and the kids said it's a good way to
celebrate st. Patrick's you guys this is
called a Reuben sandwich here's our
Irish soup we've got big beans and Irish
potato salad we got some Irish oatmeal
cookies everything you guys want to try
some of this soup this is my first time
you try or anything you want to try this
today okay here you go give it a try
pretty good no no here I'll take it back
we need to give a Reuben is a little
different home I think they've got
sauerkraut and corned beef it's a little
different I like it though yeah it
would you give a beam like the beam
anyway no I haven't all right we're
giving Laura some of the potato soup you
like it this is Irish potato soup and
look this good
when Kendra and I saw that this backyard
went into woods we knew we wanted this
house because we want our kids to go
exploring wandering around out here and
building forts and creating things so
glad they have this it might be easier
to get up from over here you okay buddy
so during the winter there was this
branch that fell on what used to be
their fort over here it's now we're
exploring and discovering the new space
with this branch I know the new sport
everything will be different
I piss off the reason having to be
winnette in broken
we live wandering further and further
out trying to climb higher and higher
k-cup we need to come back down okay cub
you want me to help you out Caleb I love
your adventurous spirit okay everyone
here's what I want you to do just look
at nature and see what you observe for
one minute
so I said what did you notice while
you're looking at nature there's a train
dad like cupcakes what did you notice
when you looked at nature Caleb I
noticed that there might do that came up
and then turned around Wow you want an
underdog
I guess though
you know like I heard Michigan she's in
here
don't you worry she's so happy I kinda
see you hi BJ sweater so you want
another underdog that's happy that's a
happy bring a little face makes me so
happy to see the kids out here playing
it makes me excited for spring and
summer it's going to be a good time
we're going to go on a little walk
well another wonderful friend brought us
dinner tonight about Mexican lasagna and
salad so we're out here at Sonic
ordering their clothes from the doctor's
visit to a large dam cheering :
was about fall my goodness mother
right state that what you will fit and
hence will need good hook don't be fresh
you have that kid mommy
wow what you doing I'm doing it so I can
have fun in the car and some tonight on
yeah how's the ice cream okay not very
well stream these are professional a lot
people house we did a little copy rod
this is a bleak coconut flavored slushy
with ice cream
Kendra texted me she's like you got to
get yourself one of those I got a
brownie and cookie dough black good huh
coming you got something dripping over
here and so where's crane freeze I get
it all the time cuz I'm too impatient
and I eat a lot of cold stuff too bad we
just got a surprising confession do you
remember a while ago when our dryer
seemed to be like magically making $20
bills 20 bucks
there it is guys there's another $20
bill I swear I didn't drop them in so my
mom just found another one good morning
$20 doing around Hey a couple more
explains it you guys are not going to
believe it
you're not going to believe it I'm not a
$20 bill
mom are you pranking it no no we're
sitting out here eating ice cream and
Caleb what did you do it I was so
amusing you put your $20 bill and then I
got neither one Belgium
here were you trying to prank grandma
hmm
you little stay here be nice T how's
that well the time has come to say
goodbye to Grandma papa
and she gets to see her room for the
first time Oh
