well the time has come to say goodbye to
Grandma papa
and she gets to see her room for the
first time you got me so what are you
playing
I'm candy 9 an award mmm did you win
yeah well hey buddy you got school today
you got to go get ready okay okay oh one
more shoot at you go get ready
how's this movie yeah
well another project today is moving the
girls room we're going to bring in a
queen bed and let them try sleeping
together that's what they want to do
okay
or I just got home a new bed do you want
to come check it out what come on come
on you like it
here's your new dresser over here yeah
we're going to get curtains and blankets
in here really soon we got to move all
of the clothes into the dresser what did
we get here for you
ours for Laura well they might be your
love we might be cracking so janae so I
just got the most beautiful flowers and
the sweetest note and it's not find I
have no idea with some so thank you
mystery nice person out there for these
beautiful flowers those are gorgeous
flowers I love how great they are
what are you wearing you were in Papa
shoes mmm wow you look good nose they
look easy to walk in
come on pop were packing up to leave us
it's those dad
of what what are you talking about
what where's flat
she took my baby today is our first kind
of back to real life morning the kids
head school this morning and I had to
get up and take them all and we barely
made it on time but we were in time and
that's the matter it kind of traumatized
as my parents are getting ready to go
like in denial about it no don't leave
us
are you eating goldfish on the floor
cool oh this is the kitchen nice I'm
glad that was swept and mopped yesterday
mama you're welcome she cried some on
the dry but not too bad Wow all right
well we made the bed just with some old
sheets and this old comforter we're
honestly not sure how it's going to work
to have the girls sharing a bed they
want to have a big bed and since we had
the queen bed available we're deciding
to let them try it these are the girls
that try to get into our bed in the
middle tonight and so there's a piece of
me that wonders if this is going to
actually work really well because they
can sleep together and not sleep with us
but starting my nose itches so we do
have plans in a couple weeks if this is
working well and we're going to keep
this bed up here then we're going to buy
them this cute little girl bedspread and
some curtains and get this room all set
up right now while we're in
experimentation phase Kairi noses
studies um we're just using this old
comforter I don't remember that is
saying every time we're trying to buckle
into a car seat a bouncer a swing
something is already buckled in who did
that mean it's usually a baby doll this
time it's a monkey so normally you have
one handful because you're only baby in
that it's like ah
it's every single time though it's
really cute no how's the juice box okay
that's
so Elise just got back from her school
and she gets to see her room for the
first time so what do you think what do
you think of your dresser treasure
treasure spot who knows your treasures
buzz
so the kids school had a special
Grandparents Day today and it was
awesome because my parents are still
here to actually be able to go to it and
each of the kids got up with their class
to perform anyway some ways it this was
your line to repeat fan more friends in
the sky
their names were rocky splashy mainly
and do it they all join together and
form one big class yeah it was a cloud
you were a cloud right when I was gonna
oh you did it just like you're supposed
to be on that cutting back like to me
one don't belong honey so my parents
have been here for three and a half
weeks and we have not taken a picture of
us all together so we are attempting
that now one or more of the children
might be struggling with that and we'll
see how she does
hi Jeannie well a friend brought us
dinner tonight they brothers pizza
um there's even a dessert pizza what did
you say
that's how I do friend if you do but you
don't love salad I've never loved what
are you watching Dora Dora Dora is
currently entertaining Laura well the
time has come to say goodbye to Grandma
papa
hey you guys must feel so good goodbye
you have your great mom thanks for
playing right you yeah oh all right
little Jenny no growing and she's ready
to me from even Akane thank you change
the most
yes she says goodbye she says thank you
for keeping my family same person listen
I love my parents so much you can look
girl it was just nice to have them here
they're our friends and we love them and
oh my goodness
oh let's try that again without a little
squirming baby Jeremy just took Jenny
she just needs a diaper change but
anyway I just dropped my parents off at
the airport and I teared up as I was
leaving I just love my parents so much
I'm so grateful that they came and they
helped us in such amazing ways like
seriously I'm floored by this service
that they gave to my family and the love
that they have for us during this
difficult transition time of our life
but more important than their service
and the things they actually did for us
was just having them here feeling their
love having their company their
friendship you know talking to them and
dreaming with them and laughing with
them and I'm just so grateful to have
such wonderful parents like honestly
when I think about it
if Jeremy and I can become even somewhat
of the parents that they are and they
didn't stop parenting us when we grew up
like I'm just amazed at some of the ways
that I still need my parents in my life
and how much I'm still learning from my
parents they've been married for 30 40
years I don't know how long I'm 33 so
longer than that but it's just been
amazing to see what I can learn from
them and their service and their
sacrifice and their humility and their
work ethic and the things that bring
them joy and watching them teach my
children about their testimonies of
Christ like that's just a beautiful
thing like I'm grateful for generations
and family like we need each other
I need my parents and my kids need their
grandparents and I'm so grateful to have
them in our life thank you so much mom
and dad we love you good night Matt you
guys made a mountain of pancake
hydrogenated
