you guys made a mountain of pancake
hydrogenated these are my capable
helpers for breakfast so I asked some
ramen
sure you're a man all right
global measuring the cumin let me know
it's getting cooked through yes
underneath this is a bigger one you need
to all by yourself buddy and then flip
it over nail me all by yourself
you did a good job and you guys made a
mountain of pancake you put some butter
on that I'll get you some straight up
nope nope too much right here there you
just read that this is like one migraine
breakfast so I love having peanut butter
on my pancakes so let us know in the
poll if you like peanut butter on
pancakes
they make us no man get with me on
accident well he at least is all for the
peanut butter
how come what do you want to attend I
think they have more fun playing because
they have more kids to play with him and
what happened right and you were to come
all the time you just have them all
living there yeah you guys playing back
scratch well I am out on my own this
morning because I have a terrible Creek
in my neck I like can't barely move my
neck without a lot of pain I think from
delivery and then from holding janae for
long periods of time in weird positions
you know nursing in different ways I
know I'm not sleeping as well as I was
before and so I'm coming to a
chiropractor appointment today to
hopefully get my body so I can be
feeling better like the kids created
their own little Neverland last time we
have the lodge Peter Pan
so you guys made a kid land where you
can do whatever you want as kids see the
water planet chuckles laughs the kids
head here is go away from today they
were finally moving in the office
furniture so this is what I've been
working with is this little desk that we
had that was in our closet upstairs
because if you remember that's where I
worked for the first several months and
of course I have George in here
near
so I love this desk I can stand up and
edit or I can get on it well I got
adjusting to and apparently my hips and
my shoulders and my neck were all
needing an adjustment I'm still sore so
hopefully my neck and shoulders start
feeling better this afternoon we are
doing school with the kids right now and
my mom is being super helpful and doing
some of the homeschool planning for me
she's going through Isaac's curriculum
and planning out his next two weeks of
school so that I don't have to worry
about that she's amazing
and caleb is sitting here working on his
handwriting
what you doing Lauren are you so sleepy
since janae is napping right now and
Laura is napping this is go time with
school so Elise and I are getting her
reading lesson done together Isaac 14 on
grammar and loving it I'm actually I'm
loving it really one of the first times
I love grammar what are you learning
about in grammar
capitalising Caleb built himself a
little obstacle course for his car
the doubling in your shoulder into it so
Caleb had about 30 minutes so quiet time
you today and I'm always surprised that
the stuff he comes up with during that
time to entertain himself
oh you may hate the drum we've always
had headphones on but I finally put
speakers to it so when Isaac he said a
little drunk that he actually could play
really well cuz he played all the time
but it was pretty loud music yeah
well this little girl is already growing
out of her newborn clothes which is just
not fair
we are narrowing too fast help you she
is so huge
apparently the noodles were done did you
well this night for dinner we need
Cincinnati chili this is the Cincinnati
chili and you actually serve it over
noodles with cheese and crackers on top
of it but I actually live in Cincinnati
for several years growing up and so for
my family my mom and dad and I just was
really miss Falchuk and it has a very
specific smell it smells like Christmas
to me it's got nothing in cinnamon I
think so anyway I don't know if you
can't never tried it before with you
they think of it it's kind of an
acquired taste because it's really
strong so I'm curious to see how the
rich enhance I'm giving them skyline on
one side and regular spaghetti on the
other side that way they can try it but
I don't have to waste it so Cincinnati
is known for its chili Kansas City's
known for its barbecue is there any kind
of food that your city or where you're
from is known for let us know in the
comments
windows piece everything where is known
for chocolate Hershey Pennsylvania
coming for you but do you guys think of
the Cincinnati chili and not my favorite
food like he is spiking yuck awesome we
should go to Matty he should walk get my
paranormal show close time 1580 back
that's it so much easier than back you
fix up and she says Wow nope not a fishy
oh how did you offer to the bath
now get up the diaper on her before we
do her hair
let them learn from univision expert mom
advice don't leave the baby make it for
long and now it's a happy bird again she
likes it real big fish well yeah
and I was like the soap extra healthy
lion two and a half scrubber here
general hey yeah now we're gonna in half
our hair clean and fresh
Hey
