a rare and beautiful moment is occurring
a rare and beautiful moment is occurring
all four children are playing together
it's quiet
and nobody's fighting don't breathe I
building an airplane cause an airplane
car show it to me Oh
airplanes are driving Tenace people are
running up to the casket then making go
in reverse and blast off if it is
falling and water making sure not making
it turns into a lower throat and it
rains so fast that it can just run
through it that's awesome
so I decided to bust out my old baby
carrier and see which they thought of it
and the second we put her in here she
fell asleep and she's been so happy I'm
all happy and content to be right by mom
and I'm able to have my hands-free and
so getting stuff done it's a win-win
sometimes they dream of a day where all
my kids are out of car seats but by then
the law will probably change in 15 year
olds will have to be encouraged so after
you get the car seat ending up to make
sure that they're safely put in and
properly tight enough it takes a lot of
effort and checking and you're going to
make sure that they're balanced
correctly all right looks like we're in
the blue we always get questions why
Isaac and Elise are still and booster
seats and it's just based on your weight
and the law when I was a kid I don't
think I was in a booster when I was like
three years old so things have changed a
lot and I should say that more important
than the law we want our kids to be safe
if we got in a car accident we want them
to have the best chance of survival
I love leftovers for lunch here we're
having leftover of our yummy salad from
last night
strawberries carrots and bread YUM and
Janae's napping there's salmon with
pasta in it I did make it a little more
filling for you it is okay let us know
in the comments below what did you eat
for lunch today it's always fun to hear
different ideas to get us out of our
rest of just like peanut butters action
well Papa's workshop is going strong
today you've got a dresser that's going
to end up in a room he's working on
right now you've been helping oh wow are
we just going just the two of us
Wow like ah she's got her jacket on
she's all set
hey my name's your seat I'm green and
Davis do you have a with too much just
mom and Laura where are we going
take your twist or just the two of us
together yes I love you you want to ride
on the side
we'll miss Laura is helping me shot so
in the car all the way here Laura was
chatting away with me and I'm just
loving this one-on-one time with her you
know the two three year old age it's
hard to get a new sibling and we've
definitely been noticing that she's
struggling a little bit of transition so
we wanted to make sure she got some
one-on-one time with me today
so sometimes it's as simple as a little
trip to the store together and it can
really lift our spirits are you excited
to get to milk Wow which ones you know
you recognize it well tonight is a
family movie night and we're going to
have a dessert and more and I came
specifically to pick out as specials as
they're going to all have together and I
think we're going to get some of these
kinds of skis because they're so we got
two kinds because there's a lot of us
we're going to do peanut butter cups
and chocolate chunk and diapers I don't
think I'm going to go to the stores out
grabbing a pack of diapers for a long
time
huge Omaha
all aboard
let's go good job you don't put any of
this
okay put it up there last one thanks
helper low successful shopping trip and
some fun times with my little girls so
all the way home from the store
Laura sang Christmas carols at the top
of her lungs so I just joined in we had
a great time but it's actually kind of
fitting because it's getting cold out
today and the forecast is actually for
snow tomorrow so the weather's been
crazy
how did babysitting this one go it's
hopeful when you have more than just me
home you know like my good fear
puppeteer and it worked out okay yeah
Lisa actually was one of our best
helpers she's amazing with her she does
a great job
shooting her so I think what is this it
is the Jedi Temple so these are Thrones
yeah like each of these is a throne or
one of the different Jedi sit pretty
cool you worked on it for awhile
oh yeah clean up clean I'm tired
such hard work to clean up huh hmm gonna
have to cite drew so you can do it while
laying down she continues to place the
Legos on the blink
good job such a hard worker
I'm tired again
absolute it's all good we're getting
spoiled what is getting spoiled means it
means very much taking really good care
of us and next week we're going to be
eating macaroni and cheese and in water
fountain well it's Friday night movie
night so because they're all in their
pajamas and we're settled in to watch a
movie and I am making these cookies
restricts which really just means I'm
coming
look Sanok everything work you're sure
you haven't let go sleeping oh I'll try
not to right now GABA the only chair
left with Lawrence and he's being a good
sport I'm just not supposed to break it
yeah and then - ow
so this one is pink polka dot on the
other side
