so this one is pink polka dot on the
other side
you
playing the colonel with your mind yeah
give him your hands under here wow I
didn't know that unfortunately I don't
all the better keep up the good work
just in case you were wondering janae
has begun spitting up a lot Carrie got
nailed was it like it's all over my hey
you know I can't even see this item oh
my hopefully she's feeling better you
know today's been a little bit more
fussy yesterday and today and through
the night so I don't know what's going
on with her but hopefully she starts
feeling better and be a clip impress the
better after spitting up all over dad
job ma'am I'm starting to deal what I've
done yeah you're doing like cords and
two hands and Sun so credit me I'll be
inside the red book Wow hmm keep up the
good work
he loves doing awesome forever it'll
forever
do you like holding her she's singing hi
pinky Winky nice yeah a girl should eat
bingo yes will be a trophy will thank
you later do it all so my mom asked me
yesterday if we needed to watch the kids
sheets and she was like when was last
time you wash them I think oh my
goodness I can't remember it's got to
have been a while because I can't
remember the last time I washed their
sheep I was so embarrassed so my mom we
already washed this morning Caleb's
comforter and sheep and now we're going
to wash Isaac's we're just rotating
through all the kids but I'm sometimes
like oh my goodness anyway so poll
question how often do you wash your
sheets
apparently we wash them when we
remembered our houses I should probably
work on that I'll put that on my to-do
list
crash you close your shoe broke did your
favorite shoe break yeah that's uh
plumber yeah you have other shoes let's
go choose a different pair of shoes oh
so sad so these are Laura's favorite
shoes because she can get them on and
off by herself pretty easily and the
latch broke you still have other shoes
let's go get some air tennis shoes
Oh for Lauren
with Jeremy and I having a king bed now
we decided we're actually going to put
our old queen bed into the girls room we
asked them if they'd rather have bunk
beds or shared queen bed and they wanted
to share a queen bed so now I'm letting
them help take out the bedding we're
shopping on Amazon and Laura has one
request what do you want it to look like
pink you want it to be pink what are you
looking for I don't know I don't know I
guess want it to be easy to make because
I normally just flip up a zipper that's
true they want it to be pretty easy to
make any colors you're most interested
in I don't know I just want it to be
simple win like looking like looking
nice that's a good idea Laura what you
see on this one
press like a long purple you don't want
purple you want pink okay so this is the
first one I showed them all right here's
the next one what do you think I'm
really nice Laura what do you think of
this one I don't love that cool it
doesn't something in it it's not really
my favorite okay what do you think of
this one Laura
hmm pretty nice it's pretty let's do
what you guys like this one yeah you're
on it you like this my car gamble
it is gonna cut you in 1 mm and you're
gonna sleep in it all night long close
this one go back for that's when you
turn it over so it's a reversible one so
when you turn it over it's just pink on
the other side because like that yeah
it's a ah I think I want to do that side
way more you want just pink yeah we can
probably find a cheap just pink one here
go to the next one so this one is pink
polka dot on the other side I can go
right there I think I like this too
I want it I think we're gonna do a
little bit more shopping play
racquetball Travis killing me so far
let's come back
grandma got created with lunch today the
kids are getting butterfly sandwiches in
the snow of popcorn do you like being
held so Caleb just took this little book
into his room for quiet time and came
out with a tied shoelace good job Caleb
and also they a spike up BAM instruction
so I guess I can't really understand
them but I will back that yeah and then
you use it to figure it out okay
show us how to tie a shoe because each
good things up you make it add put one
under and pull it cut the chocolate your
thumb on it to make sure it doesn't go
make q1 years
I mean cue button ears
and cross I cheated at them again put
the red one on turn right at the
beginning and pull it whoa
so Caleb apparently knows how to tie
shoes now whose shoes are these police's
we don't have any type shoes for you yet
let's look in the growing hawk good job
came up and gave me a big job Kendra's
mom is helping me out I am trying to get
the furniture for my office and she drew
my office to scale and all of the
different things I'm considering putting
in my office she made for me to scale
like George my tree but I want in there
here's George so I can fit George in
there and I can play around here's the
desk and wanting to get so do I want a
two drawer file or three these are some
tall shelves anxn chair I want to put my
drums in the office they're pretty big
they take a lot of space so kind of
figure it all out so that you can we
don't get it I want to get it today
did you fall asleep in your closet yeah
silly goose did you destroy your room
again more we gotta clean up again okay
let's discover the salad spinner good
job buddy okay okay let's take it out
look how much whoo number did you think
yeah buddy
thank you so much sir you guys making
salad for dinner thanks for helping me
see now mm-hmm so Kendra and I have
spent a lot of time in Ikea over the
last couple months we're finally going
to buy a bunch of stuff
I just did reading to Danae and hanging
out with her release what are you
working on making clothing wait what are
you making caulking what kind of
clothing tough skirt skirt this is going
to be beautiful
oh hello what are you making miss Laura
I'm into like yeah you're making fun
faces week you want me to help you get
that around your skirt dress
Oh got it I really like how you did the
design at the bottom you guys help light
sabers Caleb with the red one not
surprised about playing you Lise what
did you build Oh tell me about it oh
okay so make sure to wear a shirt under
it
have you tried it on you want to
can you walk up and down the line for us
like a supermodel and in our Elise
design fashion we have the yellow blue
pink boy strap dress what do you call
your dress D Lisa's so I bet this took a
lot of work you got just used a few
times what helps you pull through if you
dream it you can feel it
oh that is such a good clue backward do
we need to turn it around
okay you see right there well it is a
really cool dress I am so impressed by
your creativity right so I have it on
the wrong way okay yeah we'd be able to
princess Oh princess Lola so when she
was getting discouraged one time I said
well you leave how many of your dresses
that you own are made out of paper like
maybe it's just not going to work as
well with papers and she would come and
that's why I want to do it I want to
become indifferent with my imagination
okay we got it on this time the right
direction there we go
you're eating an amazing solid snack for
dinner and Laura just blessed the food
with a prayer and she also prayed that
the dinosaurs won't come into our house
sure it'd be important the kids ate
their salad so well that I left them
have so many screaming daddy daddy said
you get on your mark get set go
