Sammy Sam daddy daddy shun you get on
your mark get set go get a strong neck
for one week old oh well I think this is
the best way to wake up just being able
to have time to snuggle our little girl
in bed anyway
jeremy has brought me a smoothie and
breakfast in bed because I am not
feeling very good today I have a bad
headache and it was kind of a longer
night for me so I'm going to go back to
bed and he's going to go do kid duty mmm
and your name is just going to look cute
all day oh that's a newb when you record
on buddy we are cleaning out the doors
the Tupperware oh my goodness this is a
great thing to do
intervening atures offended we have your
head back
alright what's your next chore in the
bathroom he has to go to my mother why
are you a sad girl can't say mother oh
oh no and I oh yeah you got cubby
Gilligan then of course for some reason
whenever I say it's ok it's ok thanks
you're calming her down it's such a good
big brother
we're 11 here so much why do you think
you love her so much because she's in
our family and she gets sent to you miss
ELISA hi like holding today and she
wanted in on the action
really dude
is she kneading cut open yeah left a
little bit more sleep I'm feeling much
better and I came out to my parents
doing school with the kids
this is my age Inc Georgia Atlanta this
job buddy
Dover Delaware I suggested three pages
of looking at the shape of a state and
raving it with the state and the Capitol
how'd it go so my guy had a great idea
she asked Isaac to count up how many
states he's been to what's the grand
total buddy sir they've been to 13
states in the United States
why just count that line and I've been
to 40 states so my mom says she's been
to 49 so I'd love to hear in the
comments below how many states you've
been to or if you're not from the United
States how many countries you've been
Chu I would love to travel more someday
of the states I haven't been to Hawaii
is top on my list
what you finish hey guys got me time
what have you done
tell me tell me tell me tell me done
together you're enjoying some eat I'm
with her huh oh right hmm I feel that
right right subbu were you sleeping with
her
hmm I thought it was tummy time again a
kitty cat little sleepy Oh with your
little bum in the air - did you get a
spoon for shopping very half doc did you
do that cup whole question why did you
just ask if they have glass cup what
what a great full question
hi my name is - suck on my fingers
well we ordered groceries delivered to
our house today our local grocery store
hi V does it for free if you spend $100
which with how many people are in our
family that's easy and you tell you that
ordered and dad did do the shopping you
can tell because we got cheese it and
lots of cereal yeah yeah what carry them
oh it is it's an avocado ounce feta
cheese to go in the fantasy salad
Ramon's make and I'm you owe me we cease
loading up the fridge
sir outside Papa has put cones up for a
track and he's timing them and keeping
track of their times it's really they're
having so much fun out here it's crazy
on your mark get set go too hard did it
awesome did I win yeah I think Laura one
for dinner tonight we're doing fish and
roasted veggies and rice but Laura's
going to town over here why is it so hot
yeah feel it oh just come out of the
oven so heat your anchor baby
Lauren eating machine all right all
right
so with all the sickness that we had we
decided that it was telling it ruled
three persons for the kid how this
drawer is going to work really divided
for trying one push where you want me to
put yours in your p-trap happen three
two one all ready to go to her first
doctor's appointment
