he's all ready to go to her first
doctor's appointment
six-thirty everyone see that 6:30 when
they turn Italian I can't get up
and it's set for 6:45 that's when they
will wake me up and turn green it's
green and it's 6:45
it's time to wake up
how did you seek misalign um what were
your dreams about yeah it's going dreams
um I'm scared about don't force me and
Bianca like make a bag there was the
horse in the makeup bag that's the scary
part
mm-hmm then there was a theory was the
fairy nice oh good really been wanting
that to them how are your dreams
listening buddy good I had one about
Star Wars what happened in it I was
fighting against Darth Vader and us
fighting against all that guys and I got
almost all of the lines and a good side
I just said I'm your fan and they came
on our team
you tricked them yeah well I actually
was their family you like the bad side
nothing I could say so did you go to the
bad side of the good side he went to the
exact okay good thing yeah I have a poll
question okay what is it what's your
favorite treat what options would you
give up ice cream cookies cake pie and
brownies
alright Laura put this in write this one
needs to be clean thanks for doing your
chores miss you taking care of a little
sis piano hiccups right now
well little des neige has the hiccups
right now but she's all ready to go to
her first doctor's appointment well I am
so sorry
I forgot the camera I was in a hurry
getting myself and janae ready and out
the door this morning and i video'd
right before I left and I put the camera
right next to me and I forgot it so I
show up at the appointment and I'm like
oh so all I have is my cell phone but I
still going to show you guys a few
moments of her I can't believe we just
wait her and she's already back to birth
weight babies are supposed to be back to
birth weight by two weeks and she is
already growing she's a good little
eater Jenny can you say hi you ready to
get checked out
well janae did really well she cried a
couple times but then she calmed right
back down and she had her heart in her
lungs checked and her umbilical cord
which fell off last night they checked
that and she's just growing and
developing just the way that she should
and so that's always good to hear her
next checkup will be at two weeks old
which is only like a week away
as I was leaving the doctor's office
with June 8 today there was an ambulance
in the parking lot and it just really
touched me that means that some little
child there today was getting
transported to the hospital and I was
just thinking of their family and what
they'd be going through and just said a
little prayer for them and just you know
I'm really grateful for my healthy kids
right now and I don't know if that's
always gonna be the case you never know
when your own kids are gonna go through
health problems and so just praying for
those that are going through that right
now built a nifty bike rack for
the kids you put your helmet on there
perfect and the kids are getting going
on school and I'm so grateful my parents
are great at doing school with them
right now while I'm recovering from baby
I don't have to worry about it much so
these are the wrap-up sticks and it's
just a fun way of reviewing your math
facts instead of using flashcards you go
from one side to the other and then you
can self check it on the back which is
awesome for me so looks like Isaac is
reviewing subtraction subtraction what
is it called hey guys the word is
subtraction why does that sound weird to
me today it's weird when words sound
weird to your head like subtraction that
just sounds weird hmm okay leacy which
one are you doing addition which number
are you doing right now
five five good job so let's see how you
do it show me what's seven plus five
twelve good job on the way home I drove
to chick-fil-a and got myself a salad
look how yummy this looks but guys the
weather is crazy out today it is super
windy like the kind of windy we're in
their car and you can feel your heart
rocking back and forth and you can like
see things moving and my scary
alright cubby what are you gonna work on
today who you're gonna build this one
okay so this is a coin Bank that Caleb
got for his birthday and who's gonna
help you build it Papa that sounds like
a good quiet time activity so this is
important for you to do this piece when
you find it it'll slip right in now
how did all the way em can you read any
of this yeah actually I think you're in
the French side this might be more
familiar to here this side might be
easier to read get them in gradually we
need to take off this thing mm-hmm
is there two more nails what they
sometimes give you one or two extra just
because they want to make sure you have
enough it's sad when they come up short
so they don't want you to come up Oh
like if you awesome yeah yeah so they
usually hopefully give you one or two
extra you need some coins to try it out
with mm-hmm
I love the Caleb wants to be just like
Papa when he grows up I hope he is just
like Papa cuz Papa's awesome
these two are pens this is a dime
and a nickel you put penny and oh that
doesn't matter doesn't matter there's
always a way to fix it this one's a dime
thanks for helping him Elise oh yeah put
it on top of your dresser well yes
Caleb unfortunately fell on his bike he
was slowing to a stop and he just bonked
right over yeah yeah he did yeah and
make him cry so I'm a pink your princess
so what are you wearing
you got tight son and Caleb got a
sticker good job buddy
well the big kids are playing with
friends right now and so we're getting
some stuff done and just enjoying some
quiet time
janay is napping
I am finishing up dinner it's a freezer
meal so it has not taken very much work
at all I'm so excited to start using the
meals that are in the freezer so we just
oh the camera didn't open all the way so
I'm trying to vlog but the camera lens
didn't open all the way then I touched
it and I moved and it kind of scared me
anyway so we just checked the mail and I
got the most exciting package from my
sister she sent some bows that she made
for janae look at these aren't they
adorable my sister is so talented so
this is my sister that came and visited
us at Thanksgiving she has a darling
little girl named Gemma which Laura
keeps calling janae Gemma Marla they're
amazing
daddy
Oh so Caleb learned how to ride his bike
on Saturday and we were planning on
going out and getting him a new helmet
today but before we could even get to
the sewer today he fell and got a little
bump on his head
so hopefully this new helmets will
protect your head a little better let's
see that bump button yeah I wonder like
how many bumps as you have oh it's
freezing
this is ages five to eight do you see
how this hit fits over his head
can I try ride my brake until you got to
ride your bike and then jump off and see
if it protects you yeah well my brain
hurts I just spent two hours of computer
problems with work I know you understand
frustrating to lose time with computer
stuff we're eating dinner now and it's
one of our kids favorite meals red and
white pasta Oh
I'm Betty Suarez ready for some more I
ran my very best friend about
Isaac are you read into your two little
sisters uh-huh
J house out
everyone downstairs now
you
