happy birthday Susan hey I missed my
turn everyone down sitter now well Papa
and mugga let Kendra and I sleep in I
woke up after 11 a-m I have not done
that for years and I feel good I guess I
should say that I flies up between 4:00
and 7:00 a.m. what are you guys doing a
marching band
so this little janae is sleeping really
well darlin
so mugga loves the game rummy key with
my prescribed awesome
pull have you guys ever played relic you
let us know in the polls
hey I do you have any you want to start
this time lay down okay you leave you
only got one more left
I know I know I'm gonna do me please
we're never sky I was your net big girl
whatever
nice go sleepy I did it
trying to come out and have fun with us
he's an exceptional risk our what's
about four o'clock in the afternoon and
I just am now getting ready for the day
and there's a little piece of me that
thinks that's ridiculous like why make
my bed at four pm why get dressed and
follow the makeup at 4 p.m. when I'm
going to be going back to bed in only a
few hours but it helps me emotionally
like I just feel better yeah it just
makes me happy so I decided to try to
put myself together for a little bit
Anja may have been keeping me company
can probably hear her bouncer vibrating
she's just been right here beside me she
laughs she likes out did you find a new
microphone oh you know what that's
actually for it's for sucking boogers
out of baby's noses yeah well you can
sing into it if you want so while we're
in the hospital with Jenna Caleb got
sick and my parents took him to the
doctor and he was diagnosed with strep
throat and given antibiotics and the
doctor said that because of how long it
takes for the other kids maybe to be
showing symptoms that we really needed
to keep the kids away from janae as much
as we could for a couple of days so
we're hopefully in the clear at this
point Caleb better with his antibiotics
and all the other kids are still healthy
and so we're going to finally let them
hold anything sister sir are you excited
for dinner yeah you see are you ready
he's in cage remember how to hold baby
like this if you got to support their
necks really good okay
I'm going to be right here by you hey
what do you think of Boulder Mexico
I roll out of it explain it
she likes you I think she likes my back
yeah she's watching I'm your big sister
your mama over there that moment you
read your research and that's your data
you can go behind the camera
yeah and just to tell you we have a
YouTube channel that's nice a camera we
see just to tell you we video this
before we have a youtube channel there
all of the better we actually filmed
every birth and every moment like this
did you know that Wow yeah that's true
daddy a lot of people that want to live
on here
I just want to keep on rolling you don't
want to let go over it and sign up for a
slot in the schedule okay mom is pretty
much filled it up so far I call good
name okay okay Rangers after yeah come
sit in the corner the corner spot where
you get to holders wanna holder get your
arm around you're on the outside like
this there you go and you kind of move
your arm up like this there you go okay
let's go oh can I let go
um I'll just stay right here just behind
you she wants you to give her a
high-five you did you calmed her down
good job daughter all by yourself
Jame is just so happy let me go Imogen
alright mister man can you put your arms
out you go big brother there you go
now hold your arms together real tight
you're doing it you're holding baby
thank you swing so sweet go don't stop I
want you making sheep - yeah check Anita
Mary no that was me just kidding
let's see Ron you two are going to be
good bud cles I just been super patient
and waited for the last time you let
everybody else go first
you ready I'm not really how do you even
hold a baby I can't remember the last
almost three years ago it was a long
time ago
I think she likes to sleep where I going
to Ukraine considered asleep good job
like she loved Hey here for sure well
okay should we like a little paw it's
good brand new so we've always been
really careful when we bring a new baby
home to make it fun and special for the
kids and so one of the things we've done
is have a birthday cake and celebrate
the birthday of the baby the kids at
home always really loved it you guys can
help me make a birthday cake can you
turn it fresh exactly 100 covering up
that sneeze
you are
at that time parasu named Laura who
we're making a cake for it so what
perfect for Papa a cake is for to Jim
name did you know that she just had a
birthday because she was just born no
she turned 0 we take turns one planet
for today
Wow good name good boy it's gonna be
good
she can't handle well how many candles
does she have a second she should be
here out for Roy oh she's a girl a good
question
yeah gentle don't touch her eyes oh I
swear she smiled at me in there like she
finished eating and I just looked at her
nigger in and she's like mmm I know it's
not real but it was really good poop
yeah it was no time to do okay I'm gonna
move them around try to guess which one
it came
is it over here on the left in the
middle or on the right I'm gonna guess
middle Oh was it on the left ah okay
he's on the right I know
I'm giving you guys a chicken okay in
the middle all right let's see it
specifically all right is it on the left
the middle or the well if Jamaica can
learn to sleep with all this chaos this
is the only way she's going to get any
sleep look here's her cake I decorated
it happy birthday
and there's a real candle yeah happy
birthday oh I can't read a house for a
season continues
ah stop
everyone down here now come on
Janee is down in there it so clearly
it's okay Kevin the first tornado
warning of the season until I think it's
an that morning he manages Jenny's first
joining tonight she's doing okay look we
don't normally and she's the bravest of
us all until we had just put the kids to
bed they were laying down I was actually
singing to lure any lease and then
Kendra starts yelling we had actually
had just said a prayer with the least
because she was feeling scared about the
storm and we had just prayed that we
would be safe from the storm and then
Kendra called out that we needed to run
downstairs into those port you're
standing out there you guys might not
that's like okay this is cool so Kendra
did verify that we have a tornado
warning until for the next 30 minutes
right and exceedingly so there's a
famous story in Kendra's family of a
time when in their neighborhood there
was a tornado that came right through
the neighborhood and Papa really wanted
to go up and see it and mugga was like
get down here get down here you crazy
old man I guess it's just true is it
folklore or is it really true i I was
really curious what did it sound like it
sounded like the biggest freight train I
never heard so it's not the noise we're
in right now now it the pitch went high
high high high super high and I thought
there was just going to explode it catch
an ear upstairs you want to see it check
it out we were and I was going to open
the door that went into the regular
parking on the movies where people get
sucked out right at that point it did
turn up going right by us I got a part
of our property and it hit the house mix
Wow and my memory and that I was about
you meets today and I just remember I
was in my bike helmet in the main lines
underneath the card-table
we go get our bike helmet everything to
go to new on Caleb alright we're going
to investigate we don't hear the siren
anymore so I think we're good
all right you guys come on out we're
going to head upstairs you can't go back
the bud I think we're safe good night
buddy good night big girl love you sleep
tight okay - out using them I have a
question when do I get to have some more
milk
