using them I have a question when do I
get to have some more milk the training
wheels are off money
leacy has just been laying here watching
Jame for a whole day
you think you could I think I've been
doing it for whole days have you seen
little smiles from her yeah okay can she
sleep you thank you
so the kids created their own library
today so how does this work oh you paper
book mm-hmm you have the same card
everything did you guys actually
alphabetize them like are they in
alphabetical order yeah yeah so this one
is a through J Mullen is kV okay sorry
so what are the rules
oh you got the puppeteer when you show
it's wet but tone already borrowed oh
it's already checked out they can have
it for less then an hour so there's only
one card and it's for everyone and if
you lose it you have to pass money just
like the normal library this is the
library curry gives you how much money
miss Laura did you take a nap today
during quiet time yeah no instead you
destroyed your room we're going to clean
this place up okay
Oh
we're gonna track Thanks come on put the
toy away did it help you she ever little
sister sleeper Oh
you know them by their fire mm-hmm Roble
why well we were so grateful our friends
April and Justin sent us a in edible
bouquet beautiful animal edible edible
okay how about it full question if you
to pick one of the fruits out of the
fruit bouquet which is your favorite
let's know in the pole no I don't know
where to go a little sometime affable
yeah you can have another pineapple it's
so hard if you had to pick one of these
five fruits which one's your favorite
great great ah fine a pineapple for
cubby I can't decide between honeydew
and cantaloupe
he's a melon guy Laura which one's your
favorite of all these which one's your
favorite
which one honey did she likes the
honeydew
I like fine animal the pineapple for
Papa yeah it's good Thomasson odd so
Papa duct-tape cards onto all the kids
bikes I love it it's a anxious it's an
engine Papa put engines and all the
bikes right
so while we were at the hospital pop of
rain Cubby's training wheels to help him
learn how to ride without them and so a
lot of the time I your cable is riding
without the training and he's ready to
learn how to ride class so Hornet Alaura
so I had to come back from the kids
riding their bikes because caleb is
ready to ride without training me and
I'm just picking up a wrench
I think I'm not raining yeah with this
little monkey move we have to say hi to
we're tied to me dude okay we'll go do
it
the training wheels are off money you
did it buddy
good job first time
and so stinkin proud of Caleb and
beliefs they have both Lynch so much
with their bikes in the last week or two
the pretty weather and then having lots
of time outside to play and enjoy attend
Rose mom what to remit Ison cabinet and
this was all of the medicine that had
expired holy cow
so you might want to check your medicine
cabinet because some of it might have
already expired this is Laura's happy
place sparkly pink playdoh Jamaican um
can I have some oh that makes sense as I
was taking the trash out the bag Rick
now I get to clean that up
I hate when that happens well it is
gorgeous out here in so I decided to
come out and go on a super short walk
with janae we set up her stroller I
buckled her in and she screamed for like
the first two houses we were walking
past so I just got her out and held her
and my mom and Elise pushed the stroller
and she's happy when I'm holding her and
I'm glad we get to be on this sunshine
that is such a blessing for this time of
year for us this is not it's been so
funny today Laura and Caleb both keep
coming up - Jeremy night and asking us
what's our main news name again Laura
was like is it Gemma and Caleb was like
is it Jenny
like they're just having a hard time
remembering janae obviously they're
going to get it but it's just so cute
because they'll just be like oh my
little sister what turning and janae is
lost at the moment hey Jenna Jenna Jenna
Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna
Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna Jenna
Jenna
taking a gig a vacation ticket see
anything you say a bunch of times faster
gets all mixed up
Elise Elise Elise Elise Elise Louise
please release leaves releases see
anything hey Marlon I think I said guys
like I said guys okay it looks like
she's raising your hand
excuse me mom I have a question when do
I get to have some more milk
Laura you laying just like your sister
so the kid ate their dinner really well
I may even be eating really well so
we're having ice cream sundaes for
dessert and it's going to be moving it
but I have to show you guys something
it's my amazingly clean kitchen check
this out
that is the amazing part of having my
parents here okay there's like 20,000
amazing cards but anyway baby girl wants
me to see the hair would you need so I'm
gonna go but thanks for hanging out with
us today
