we're getting ready to do new more
pictures our photographer friend Julian
should be here in a minute and chilli is
amazing I loved our maternity pictures
so sad and we didn't dare to conceive me
out because we know what you do is a
little bit
we're super-excited for Jillian she's
actually pregnant in a vehicle over one
I mean it she's not finding out the
gender so that's going to be an
adventure this will be your third number
three pictures of her like I can't get
enough of trying to capture these
moments cause I know she's in a gross oh
yeah she's making a funny faces were
canceled probably on a side note if your
robe is wrinkly
don't try to straighten it with the hair
straightener sometimes when I don't have
an iron on hand I use my hair
straightener and my robe was really
wrinkly and so I decided anyway I think
I'd melted someone together some part of
the fabric probably until Aimable yeah
get Eric in she's just so sweet
and love happy breeze when they're
sleeping without you she hated me all
right if you guys need me I was going to
be here cuddling might be so this is
you're going home outfit I don't have a
little blow that matches of it they
don't confuse me very happy
it's so big honor for you guys to help
it here a little bit he'll grow into it
happy DC convertors back to the felony
we have everything packed up tend to go
home oh here she goes
sweet little girl
little teeny if you guys see the little
red blotchy part over her left eye
that's a stork bite and it's going to
slowly go away the 10 first marks but
it's going to be there for a little
while okay cutie tiny victor
do you think she's going to be ready for
that
it's a good life little girly promise
kind of loud the same blanket we put
around Gliese and lower when making
mom's in the hospital as we're driving
up the kids are all looking up and then
they're just waiting we're so excited
how are you doing
you gonna read some book yeah well if
you're so Marion I can't feel a baby
you're making another baby in there come
here it was easy when she used to be
it's like you can force a little and you
feel the baby kick no there's no baby in
there yeah there's really but still
mommy how long he can grow back to mom
oh my god and it takes a little while
like a couple months probably because
think about how long it took to get big
now it's got a joke little little little
little little and I have a better
position we have a tradition of the kids
meeting the baby in hospital but they
couldn't come to a hospital this time so
they're meeting her at home and what we
do is we always make sure that I get to
use the kids first term in it and then
the baby comes and joins us and so I
just wanted to snuggle everybody and
then you guys ready to meet sister yeah
just one your name yeah we come to me
quickly show okay her name either
Keeley's okay love Laura Jimmy Jimmy
what do you mean I kind of like that and
I get here we really lower than everyone
Stephanie yes I have you smell it J a
and a so normally when they kids meet
their new brothers sister they get to
hold her and we're not going to let the
kids whole journey today because we've
had strep throat going around in the
house and so they're going to get to see
her and admire her but only Jeremy and I
are going to hold her just because we're
trying to protect baby here she comes
Oh baby not crying because she's
sleeping right
ts gonna see here oh I'm so excited I'm
gonna come at your family's making for
anything okay
Tai Chi in jail under I don't see a role
under how she feel like working
oh my gosh she's trying to open her eyes
with her little toes her ears are so
tiny you guys remember when you felt her
kicking inside of me oh these are her
little feet she was kicking it with look
at his little mind it'll be star she's
asleep again she and she's asleep
we won sweet
we're a sweet Pacific now we can have
read forever
you can you can keep her forever
you think she's cute
can you tell her name yeah janae janae
hygiene oh yeah girl she knows our
voices hi Oh little too bright maybe she
breathing
she's like peeking at you guys that's
just imagine her world like she closed
her eyes hospital and then she all right
and it was you people and she's like who
are those people he's like what's going
on she's never been in our house before
she never even in my house oh I can do
it hi okay okay control my arms don't
touch flora so there's a little bassinet
changing table set up as what we use in
our room and they're brand new and we
used it with all of our kids but I'm
actually wondering if the mobile still
works okay I don't think so okay there's
enough noise around we'll just say the
earth
hopefully she likes this room yeah
hopefully
she was out for several hours we have
containment notionally hopefully all
night yeah that would be a party how are
you feeling about me at home a little
bit overwhelming you missing that
hospital gown it's nice to be home it's
it's also a lot to take in
- yeah right I wanted to tell you guys
about what happened last night and
everything already
shoots out at me and we have decided on
a name people say that you can name your
baby based on looking at them
