all right if you are watching this video
it means that I am in labor that's crazy
that that's actually happening now so if
you want real-time updates of what's
going on you can head over to J house
vlogs on Facebook Twitter and Instagram
we'll be updating there first we are
going to be filming everything so don't
worry there's a birth log coming you're
going to get to see the kids meet their
little sister and we're going to do a
baby name reveal so lots of fun videos
ahead we just want to let you guys know
that this is a really special time for
our family and Jeremy is going to take
some time to be there with us and to
have those special bonding moments with
the baby so thank you in advance for
your patience that as long as might be a
little bit slower coming up this week
but we just want to make sure that our
family gets that special time and
connection with baby girl first so stay
tuned this is happening Oh
I felt such love for Laura in that very
first moment and that love has only
grown I'm so grateful and to have her in
our life we love you
