every time I have a contraction on my
bonus is this going to be at one like
baby watch yeah hey
and one yeah for good morning so we are
officially on baby watch I am only four
days away from my due date and yesterday
I had a lot of contractions like two
hours in the morning and they were hard
and so we packed our hospital bags
you're mostly getting ready to go and
then they went away I'm like oh that was
so close
then in the evening they came back for
like an hour and then they went away
again and so you know that's just what
happens as you're getting closer but I
feel like every time I have a
contraction am I going in is it just
going to be the one like baby watch it
off the library day I'm so glad for a
monster does help carry all those books
and alcohol the kids and I'm walking
spective
and
somebody once just like perfect
that is a sweet one
so we already checked out maybe next
time you're sure that's actually a
hedgehog oh yeah you have some good
books in your bag yeah awesome gig down
boom necklace and now I think loo
princess that's gonna be awesome
Katie no my hands were going up the
street
and
so at my core I am a nerd I love to
learn but as I've gotten busier and
busier it's hard to find time to sit
down and read a book and so we're
excited audible reached out to us to
sponsor today's video and I've used
audible for five years to listen to
audiobooks and I love that you can
listen to books anywhere like while I'm
looking in the garage doing the dishes
I even stick the phone up in my shower
and listen while I'm showering
I'm currently listening to the 4-hour
workweek it's a business book by Tim
Ferriss and it's all about effectiveness
and simplifying and while I typically do
like the business books or marriage
books I do sometimes just listen for fun
like I listen to all the Harry Potter
books and I wanted to do a poll if you
were going to pick a book today that's
just fun to listen to which one would it
be leave me a comment if there's a book
that you want to recommend that you
think I would like and if you think you
would be interested in listening to more
audiobooks go to audible.com /je house
you can download a free book and start
their 30-day free trial and I left the
link in the description box
so for lunch today the kids are having
popcorn ham cheese and a fruit and
vegetable probably carrots and oranges
mm-hmm
Papa is being very creative because he
doesn't have his normal school and I
don't have a table thought so he made
one and it's pretty impressive what do
you do I bet I know what you are all
thinking right now I bet you're wishing
Papa to come to your house guys this is
so exciting
okay we're not doing it I forget in
there how we are gonna be so much worse
for you
yeah I haven't had very many
contractions today but I have definitely
had a couple I'm sorry it kind of hurts
a little bit but it's good news because
it means you're getting ever closer
right and big you're so proud of you
there bump pop is giving a tutorial to
writing down a hill using your brakes
good you took that hill perfect
Caleb oh okay I'll okay okay cute is a
great job John so fast sure so I just
landed tick useful okay if you would
rather not like yeah I chose to turn
rose on flight but not following the
concrete all right let's work on using
the brakes okay now you're doing F now
pedal I was just like Caleb my parents
had to have hated that like just going
100 miles an hour
crashing all the time and not even
really caring about it
yes in the comments I want you to leave
how much money you think that this
Walmart trip is going to cause another
$20 mil mom are you pranking it no no
this bed
