in the comments I want you to leave how
much money you think that this Walmart
trip is going to come another $20 mil
mom are you pranking it no no this bed
you
good morning friends we are so excited
this morning our new king bed is
arriving well the first step is moving
the old mattress out and my parents
aren't enough to sleep on an air
mattress anymore they get to sleep on a
real queen mattress it's cool is it cool
to watch them move it Lisi yeah I guess
yeah they are strong they're moving that
big old mattress huh back me
oh is it yours it's our day it is our
bed my name your bed foot bed is that my
bed you know it's time for the frame for
being careful of our first new wall now
throw it above fear yeah it is if only
we didn't need a bed the room would be
so much bigger you guys carrying the
mattress topper you guys are such good
helpers
really good to vacuum spots you never
get to back
hey Aaron I getting your observation
station observation station well thank
you you're often with
Oh
little one said roll over roll over
white fella loses in bed and the little
one said this bed is super comfortable
what's just quick enough let's just call
it a day it's like 10:00 a.m. so I was
looking for a gray at holstered
headboard and I thought I wanted a
really tall one and Jeremy and I sat on
one at the store and is super
uncomfortable and then we tried a bunch
of other headboard and they were all
uncomfortable and then we found this one
it perfectly fits the height of where
you lean your head back and it will tilt
it back a little bit of it here not like
this yeah anyway so it's not necessarily
my favorite look like I'm okay with it I
like that it's white and light but it's
German I always choose like function and
comfort over decor yeah yes over fancy
yeah fit all day thank you hey we don't
need another day you can get we can get
and then os we right there is my spot Oh
Gemma bappa - let's invite the neighbors
what in the world are you going to do
you want me to do it we pretty vexed
your math trick mattress or make it so
Isaac we got this bouncer for you when
you were a baby we use it with every kid
you guys making jewelry Wow
working to your little anklet oh well
it's kind of big if you worked on pairs
and you screw up hair oh those are so
pretty if you want them you can buy them
Oh
how much are they for this on sale today
but they're only one dollar one dollar
and they're speak could you make me a
necklace yeah oh my necks too big maybe
make it a little bigger okay you're
looking nice in your necklace it's for
you actually I'm just trying to oh did
he least make it alright the boys are
playing chess who's going down here done
ginger
for sure but I disrupted his whole when
I killed you what they got i chilled
your queen
Elise is going to town whoa whoa there's
a creek if you need it good job Elise
look at are you liking on your bike it's
super great I want to do it every single
day every single day okay you are doing
awesome oh look at the balance this is a
good can I see this so apparently we
have a magic dryer today we've done a
few loads of laundry and after the last
two loads of laundry there's been a $20
bill in our dryer both times so I wonder
if that will keep working like can we
just keep running the dryer and keep
finding money it's just so exciting to
find money whether it's in like a coat
pocket or you know pants pocket or last
year's winter coat or something like
that
anyway 20 bucks here dude guys there's
another $20 bill I swear I didn't drop
them in so my mom just found another one
good morning $20 doing around see a
couple more explains it you guys are not
going to believe it you're not going to
believe it
I'm nice $20 now mom are you pranking it
Wow
Jimmy did you have like a bunch of 20s
in your pocket that's it comes my wallet
and what's happening is our ATM machine
in there what's going on
yeah we'll take it for sure
Laura's in timeout she got a bottle of
lotion and smeared it all over her hands
and our couch
so that earns you a couple minutes and
timeout for sure and a nice jobs helping
try to clean it she's not happy about
that
Laura do we put lotion all over the
couch yeah good job so I'm finally
getting around to packing in my hospital
bag and I'm working on the toiletries I
got a bunch of the travel-size stuff so
that I can just have it all ready in
here ready to go and then I mean to
obviously talk to rested that was like
big girl stuff ready Kendra and I are
typically pretty possible we are but now
this whole like baby coming out and
slowing me down a little bit but we are
headed into Olive Garden it's our date
night we have a lot of things that we're
still trying to get that before the baby
comes like a name for the baby maybe
we'll work on that we really appreciate
you guys being along for the journey the
baby's coming any day now
we don't usually get dessert at
restaurant but I responded and I love
you to get what I want
this one's lemon strawberry white
chocolate and then chocolate was your
favorite I actually really like the
lemon one we can
for it okay so I'm not wanting to walk a
lot and I need to buy a bunch of stuff
at Walmart and so we're playing
scavenger hunt everybody's going off and
finding stuff and bringing it back to me
dad and Jeremy you guys are on cereal oh
and open the phone go to Morse code and
laundry detergent - I'm a spray cleaner
that we use when we clean off the table
look at the kind of stuff we're getting
I already got some exciting back
we are loading up we are looks too hard
that is giving you yes okay in the
comments I want you to leave how much
money you think that this Walmart trip
is going to cost we'll see how close to
get and don't cheat now going ahead and
cheating we decided to lease preserved a
new bike helmet Oh hemorrhoids as
nursing over for me you buy um it's your
own offer me that if you care to a new
video
good job team way to go
no I only saw her at hey give me again
where were we uh not not gonna answer
okay I'm going to go three hundred
twenty two dollars and ninety four then
they're calculating no I was going to
get free okay before you played your
320i over then you've got to 64 I'm
gonna get ball 5 CB 325 oh no I'm going
to go for 371 no no is the other
possible just on them we are almost done
alright well the grand total is four
hundred and twelve dollars and eighty
three cents
ah but we got sucked up on a ton of
stuff that we've been needing for a
while and it feels so good to have this
done before baby
I bought baby bottles and nursing stuff
and just
yes sheets for a new bed all right well
that's it for today stay house out so
today I'm officially 39 weeks pregnant
and three of my four kids were born by
this time in pregnancy so I'm definitely
feeling ready
