no wonderfulest bike rider let's get it
you're on the breast
sister peddling class
you
you
good morning we are dropping Caleb and
Laura off at their little article that
they like to go to every once in a while
you excited yeah you ready bud all right
you guys gonna have a good day
hey Rev what are you working on know
where you're gonna make a potato
hesitate oh that's corny I'm a
conservative up how old are you big girl
3 oh you're working on those three
fingers good job you got it okay mommy's
gonna go can I have two dude
no okay you have fun bye happen play
with teddy
Oh Leslie racquetball with my brother
Travis we both won one game and this
final game 11 points determine who wins
the day
the one and bloody embryo what I won
well another day more projects to get
done and my mom and I are cleaning out
the girls closet sorting through some of
the clothes grow in grow out type stuff
and also a bunch of the baby stuff was
stored in that closet - the baby sling
and the baby bouncer and the Boppy
pillow and all the stuff so we're going
to be washing those today and getting
them ready for baby girl
is so amazing having my mom here she is
pretty much a professional organizer
like doing the processes with her it's
just so much easier and she helps me
divided and organizes comes of a
creative solution so stuff it's just
amazing seeing my parents using their
talents to bless our life I'm just
really really grateful you guys this is
a century-long cleansing is happening
unbelievable I want to say if you could
pick one of the random Olympic sport -
like really practice and get good at
which one would it be
let me know in the comments I think I
would like to do the right water rapid
kayaking that would be fun how about you
huh that's not like a random one that's
like we legitimately plate anyone I'm
saying one that we've like yeah maybe
you're right how about the I which one
that you have to like juice ice Oh
literally yeah curling that would be fun
okay yeah
go Canada Papa is making progress on
this lever this is small claws that's
white and everything first give the
otherwise do with you
this is going to be amazing so how did
you make that so it's actually did the
paper fold it's just a paper bowl oh
cool and I fold it in a ton and then I
get to your logic colors I love it meant
something else
whoa so you did stuff out of paper
plates and paper bolts Caleb was excited
to tell me that he was the first person
to jump up and hop sing up in the
teachers ass high-five you
we like to hear well you know the second
Caleb got home he became Papa's shadow
you guys working together cuz he's doing
all the heavy lifting
oh good yeah you guys got another shelf
done other than looking fantastic
learning so much what do you learn in
that a curing it is really good to UM
like get away all the whole sets in
years
mmm be mine actually do you have some
mud
well
Rhys you're really getting the balance
down you almost ready to put your feet
up there and start peddling I think
today's the day you're going to learn
how to ride a bike
again you got your helmet on you least
forget the glitters on
whenever I hear there's a little bit of
a hill and it's on grass and I thought
that might mean easier place to learn
how to ride in case you all use spring
cleaning on your mark Italy okay so when
you're pedaling you got to steer away
from the tree yep okay let's try it
again
yeah you're so glad you don't faster
okay okay keep going keep going keep
pedaling keep pedaling you did a good
job girls
I'm still proud of Elise he's really
taking the initiative to do this on her
pit stop
good job she did she did it so proud of
you wonderful bike rider oh I'm gonna go
on the quest whoa watch she's riding the
bike you okay
she fell but she's back up trying look
at her going keep pedaling keep pedaling
keep going keep going keep going keep
going to try it on the driveway all
right let's do it
gotta get your feet down answer pedaling
no you're doing it
well that caleb is a little thrill
seeker just like I was when I was his
age so do you like going fast why
because it's Kenny because I like to go
far you like to go far
listen call but what if you fall I never
fall because I'm always holding on you
know sometimes I leave and I don't even
never fall okay that explains what he
doesn't care about doing okay the kid is
going down with no hand
well apparently Caleb's going to have to
fall just like I did a lot of times
before there's any realization that he
should be a little careful be bike
riding expert together now that you know
how to ride
yep practice yeah you're just really
freaking out but I'm so proud of you you
were very brave
last time you guys saw our master
bedroom with the baby shower video and
it was a mess look how much he's improve
this room we have taken all the
homeschool stuff out we cleaned the
bookcase we clean the desk on a roll and
i justed working on his console
ridiculous it's a PowerPoint
presentation of How to Train Your Dragon
it's comparing the book to the movie
which one did you like better the book
or the movie I liked the story no more
of the movie and violence and the more I
just loved the movie
yeah that's not very normal that you
like the moving within the book but
that's anyway you liked this story more
yeah I did you like the book yeah it's
pretty good so Papa and grandma were
able to go out on a little date night
tonight they went to Cheddar's which we
love and sounds like you liked it all
right but elese had a big announcement
for them big announcement
I wouldn't have what do you do tell me
all about oh oh dragged on the grass and
then I started on the driveway yeah and
then I did a little bit so you start
pedaling yes I need a can i J hat today
we're going to be saying goodbye to the
chick all right we took off Lisa's
training wheels she's wanting to try to
learn how to ride I cut my hair
room
