today we're going to be saying goodbye
to the chicks alright we took off Lisa's
training wheels she's wanting to try to
learn how to ride I cut my hair here
well they really like you yeah weird
hello so at least today we are saying
goodbye to the chicks anyway I wanted to
play - um okay good morning I have some
big news
today I cut my hair it's so long so it's
really hard to tell but I actually took
four or five inches off of it it just
feels fresh and nice and the hairdresser
like curl my hair with a straightener
which I have never known how to do and
so I watched her and asked some
questions and so today I actually did it
on my own and it's kind of work open
there's a girl and learning in other
news we did choose a medicine cabinet
and my dad hung it yesterday so here's
the medicine cabinet that we chose I
feel like it goes pretty well in our
bathroom and I have a lot of space in it
Jeremy moved some of his stuff in there
last night
it's feeling so good to get some of
these projects done before baby comes
I'm so grateful for my parent help we
could not be getting all this done
without them
but the garlic insane next pistol
yeah all right well the exciting project
of the day is this closet this is our
website called coat closet but we've
never used it effectively like there's
maybe one or two coats hung up in there
those are vacuum and just nothing really
and we were trying to figure out hey
Maura come on me blog for a second
anyway so my mom had a genius idea to
put shelves in this whole closet and we
could use it as our homeschool storage
closet because right now our homeschool
stuff is just kind of everywhere and
like different nooks and crannies in the
house and it's super annoying to me and
tons that was in my bedroom and I'm
trying to get it out of my bedroom so
that I can keep my stuff in my bedroom
so we collected all the homeschool stuff
from all the different corners of our
house and it's all right here hoping to
go into that closet
this is laundry that needs to be folded
and this is just other stuff I need to
clean up houses have to get messy before
they can get clean and this is our today
but it's
the lorry is supposed to be napping
right now definitely not napping oh
don't go man
you get in take a nap okay
rough life so I've been going through a
bunch of bills today like medical bills
making sure with the pregnancy there's
tons of medical bills that come up and I
just want to make sure we're on top of
everything not a fun thing to do you
guys today we're going to be seeing
divided the chick it's time for them to
go back we've kind of been reviewing our
whole chick hatching experience with the
kid today we talked about the things
they learned from it how it was
different than they expected how it was
the same and now they are writing and
drawing little journal entries about the
chicks whose dick that's you what are
you doing don't you know they're all
chasing you so you can't get out so
here's Caleb with the chick who needs
articles oh she's on a motorcycle this
is cool
so Papa's been going crazy today
painting boards getting the closet ready
to go
and we're getting ready to hang all of
these tools
we're so lucky to have proper helping us
out where you headed
oh so Disneyland who are you takin the
baby
not your brothers and sisters just a
baby okay well the baby's all buckled up
good job - at Disney ran your we need to
go to Disneyland you might have to fold
the laundry first okay it does smell bad
he's gotten so big you guys remember how
little they were when they just cash
you're like that they couldn't even feel
over the edge three out all right that's
my little chick good trait yeah and I
got each other yeah bye Merry Christmas
well I'm really glad that we had the
chick it brings out like a softness and
a tenderness of your heart to have a pet
that you're caring for that you want to
survive that you want to take care of
and it's really fun to see the kids
interacting with them and seeing them
grow do you remember when you were all
afraid to touch them at first cuz we
want to play catch buddy okay they're
doing they're going after it I do not
know if it's like that apparently they
do
alright so poll question besides having
a baby which pet should we get next
candy is back to get the chicks huh they
have been getting so crowded in that
little cage they're gonna love going to
the farm
good name the blackwood kion and this
one is sunshine it's your money
I think they're KS man
well the ticks are headed to live on a
farm they're going to have a lot more
space to run around and other chicken
friends so they're going to be happy but
we're going with some
goodbye little chicken so if you have a
nice turn at the farm
so right now dropping up all of the
stuff at the Pregnancy Resource Center
that can you have that the baby shower
service Frederic does she did get their
nurseries all stacks for them these guys
have a new baby coming in a week they're
all that girl another line often get
another one on your team
I can use my jocks on me out here buddy
don't fall Betty
papasan uppercut
more I found some friends at the park
are you okay what happened what happened
what happened I don't get the Bob she
got a big bug in her eye okay let's see
it let's see oh my goodness
wow that was in her eye and I just got
it out and it wasn't easy you okay
you're a trouper thumbs up my wheels we
took off Lisa's training wheels she's
wanting to try to learn how to ride
we're having Hawaiian hate sex for
dinner tonight pretty sad about it
- yeah all right this is our first time
in the new house would you think Isaac
we have a mystery on our hands right now
Oh
