all right this is our first time in the
new house would you think Isaac we have
a mystery on our hands right now
oh good morning my dad and I are out
shopping this morning we are working on
my laundry room it's actually kind of a
laundry closet and I've been wanting
coverage there's cabinets whatever you
call it above the washer/dryer so you
have more storage in there and it'll
look nicer and he's helping me with that
project today and by helping me I mean
I'm making the decisions and he's
totally doing it so we're shopping so
these are the pre-made cabinets that
we're looking at
I'm also looking at medicine cabinets I
would love to put one of those in our
master bathroom just have a little bit
more storage there basically I'm trying
to clean my house but making sure we
have the storage that we need for the
stuff that we have and by being watering
a bunch I'm also looking at washer and
dryers law in here because ours we
bought it used like 12 years ago and it
is dying and I'm scared that it's going
to crash right when we have the baby and
I'm going to have all this laundry and
no washer and dryer so there's some good
sales this weekend so I'm checking them
out I feel like I'm a real adult that
I'm so excited about getting my laundry
room set up like having cabinets and
storage and a washer and dryer that work
well that shouldn't be that exciting to
me it is so I just sat down and I go oh
I think those what's the matter mom is
it a distraction I was like um no it
wasn't a distraction those are called
contraction now what's a distraction I
sub-team I knew when Tom's doing
something distract King mm-hmm and with
the contraction yes and the baby is
trying to come out and we don't want it
too oh I'm okay if the baby comes out
but not today probably there's my big
old coming all right well I actually
ended up bringing home three different
medicine cabinets because I couldn't
make sure what it would look like in my
actual bathroom so I'm going to let you
guys see the three different options in
my messy master bathroom and then you
guys can help us the sites will be a
pulp so pay attention so here's our
dirty master bathroom in all its glory
which one you bring it in Durham forward
one all right here is the white medicine
cabinet very nice okay now you want to
bring in the glass one for still the
stand back this far I had to climb into
our bathtub
two guys over here in the corner of the
bathtub okay so this one's just solid
glass that one we don't have to worry
about how it matches but it's smaller
and then the last one is like a brushed
metal frame you're doing great babe so
this is the brushed metal framed one I
just wish you would have run home like
with them all it is yours when you like
that so that limit it's metal but it
kind of goes with our wood it looks
different and at different angles of
light to cuz it's shiny
all right so poll question which one
should we do the white frame one the
solid glass one or the brushed metal
frame one let us know up here and I'm
going to continue my to-do list for the
day I am definitely nesting gotta get
ready for baby girl so for the last day
or so I don't think our dishwasher has
been working because there's so much
calcium buildup in it that it's children
so so we're trying to fix the dishwasher
so it will work like it's supposed to
and get rid of all the calcium buildup
that it has
while I was working on the dishwasher
mugga we're cleaning out the cancer
issues in the basement country as well
so going through seeing what food might
be expired and just working at the inn
again looks great Papa's helping heizak
with double digit multiplication double
digit they had it back in my day
yeah like bicycle yeah boy it was in the
water a success we have a mystery on our
hands right now we are missing Elise's
backpack and lunchbox and we know she
came home from school with them last
week and we're trying to get ready for
Laurel tomorrow can't find it anywhere
okay we're trying to find the backpack
you guys these two have been good
helpers
the back strange
so I'm cracking up over here Elise and I
are sitting here finishing up reading
and also and I had like a side cramp and
I'm like oh this hurts any leaf looks up
and she goes oh no mom are you
subtracting and it was so apparent ly
this is a new vocabulary word for my
kids to learn so Lisi what's it called
when mommy's tummy squeezes so tight to
get ready for the baby to come on Jackie
try here
come back quick subtracting contract
back forward you got it that's a big
word isn't it and chasten yes did you
find it we found the backpack right here
it exploded behind Coquette I'm gonna go
find my left box it should be in here
yeah we looked everywhere like we were
very thorough when you're spotting so
couple weeks ago the oven might burn out
on our oven and I tried to replace it
like I tried to unscrew it but it didn't
work just the glass part came off and
this part is stuck inside so I
recommended getting a potato to undo it
but we're just going to unplug it so
that there's no lecture to be going into
it and clicks politely so we're going to
use some pliers
whoo Jeremy this would be a great time
for us to clean the side of that and
under it should we clean under it too
we're all right let's do it
could I be nesting anymore what is
nesting
what do you can get me he claims it's a
good solution for nesting nesting is
when a mommy is getting close to having
a baby and she wants to get everything
ready for her baby then why is that
called a diverging RMS ready and what's
our next being a house cleaning
yeah
everything you know it's surprisingly
clean back there we've done this before
we serve for like three years we clean
stuff we look your one in June we have
lived here for years today are you
serious yeah
today's our house over Surrey yeah all
right this is our first time in the new
house would you think Isaac the least
what did you like about the house when
we walked in one years old break it did
it is a little ass they raised for yours
there it is another light now we need to
clean the oven zoom ah let's closer for
for Kendra Steven babe that was like our
oven has a clean setting self clean I've
never used it
today's the day I'm going to see if it
comes out cleaner using a supplement go
to the track stop playing well it's much
cleaner we stopped it a little bit early
apparently when you use the
self-cleaning setting on an oven or at
least our oven it's I ordered the best
ever tacos with grilled veggies on the
sidewalk and that's the actual title we
all know that I love sunsets we have
made here we on tonight
thanks for watching jayanta that's what
nursing pads
