effing nursing pads Sukie guys account
good morning today we are hosting a
service baby shower and the baby food
challenge and that the blindfolded
diaper changing channel oh he's no less
likely to see my fist baby I don't
really mean anything we've got what we
need for this baby and I heard about a
Pregnancy Resource Center here in the
Kansas City area and I wanted to do
something fun for them so we are
collecting donations for my friends
donates the Pregnancy Resource Center
and are assembling mommy bags a just a
mommy bag for everyone it's a concert
that they go on with a mom dad and had
all this stuff in it and then they also
have donations with a few other things
with me put one of those in there here's
a bottle put it in there right which toy
do you want to get into users every one
man even we're getting an IV you do we
do it I know no wait
yeah what is that when he leaves Oh
quick quick
good yes I am at this one it is pieces
yeah it's Reese's Peanut Butter Cup oh
is that can I keep this one is banana
mm-hmm that's my banana
yeah oh that's going to be a messy night
laura has been so excited for the other
day knowing that you drag everybody over
London that weekend while she's doing
you always want to open that one first
baby close the baby
that's what nursing pad well it's
awesome to get to visit with my friends
and they're so sweet and generous they
brought all these donations for the
Pregnancy Resource Center and it's just
fun to see cute little baby items and to
know that they're going somewhere where
they're going to be needed everyone
people are not for you sweetheart
I know what you know these are also our
friends at the Pregnancy Resource Center
um you already had your birthday do you
remember what you got for your birthday
what you get and playing day yeah yeah
go get your princess check so when
you're getting ready for the baby shower
this morning we were running short on
time and I wanted the house to be clean
so we ended up just piling everything
that was out there into laundry baskets
and dumping it in my bedroom now I have
a mess in my master bedroom to sing up
it works
all right Papa and I are trying to
tackle the garage we had a lot of
October bikes missing when you're a kid
did they did was there if you have water
when you were invented water just
recently and bicycles I had to wait a
little bit I'm trying to cut down a tree
you made a fire good job making a fire
I won't compete Oh what do you want for
dinner
let your bow-wow actually keppler's but
I'm gonna do it for Father's Day but
it's not coming up so I'm gonna make it
at home
cool your dad's gonna love it yeah well
we have made some major progress and
here is all the stuff that we're
planning on donating what we stick it up
try to figure out what to do with all
these boxes
dinner tonight is taco salad you know
all the fixings Laura are you singing
thank you sweetheart
this is going to be a fun dinner I can
already tell your master plan
what sort of rat Nebraska Furniture Mart
looking at houses but once you sit down
is really hard to get up durable and
might be a really slow process
but I think we found a mattress real
life but we don't have a king size frame
so now we're looking for that you are
such a nerd tonight I love you support
self people here Jeremy is giving em a
run for his inthere much like he's just
in a really goofy mood for some races
yeah I mean a run for their money like
I'm not being difficult to sell to I'm
just you know you shouldn't be goopy
like I'm like I think everything is
really good joking like I got a problem
just excited about getting a king bed I
think our days of sleeping on this bed
are numbered we have worked on this
queen bed for what like a decade next
gate has
