Wow
Oh
good morning I am so excited today is
going to be an awesome day my parents
are flying in today and they are staying
for a while they're here to help us
prepare for baby girl and then to help
us transition to having five kids and
I'm so grateful they're coming and it's
just always fun and grandma Hummer and
to continue J house birthday season it
is my dad's birthday and so we're having
I taste his favorite cake which is
funfetti with chocolate frosting I want
to do pizza and have a little party
tonight your dad's in the basement
cleaning it
Wow yes that is your daddy's name Oh
crazy laughs is that my name
yeah well I'm Craig max yeah what's your
name laughs what's the new baby's name a
good name
hey Laura who is coming today
well mundi pothead Whittle so we need
mixin exercise we're gonna make this
before it he just - welcome a robust
action festive pink before he gets here
Yeah right like Jerry
hi little chickies are they excited to
see me they're sure excitable little
tikki whoa stay in there but Dad so Lucy
what are we making oh if you're clean
Valentine's card happy birthday cards to
pop up today so birthday oh are you done
miss Lora but yes we grab and get this
top one oh let's see oh there's grandma
see her smiley face and there's papa you
see that's a fun drawing what is there
he ain't making doing yeah I saw um I'm
the dodgeball queen now oh you all right
papa
let's see the inside happy birthday well
it's so nice you took the time to write
him a note that you going on Splash
Mountain
oh all right so I'll load it up in my
car
where we headed a red tegu where are
they going to be act maybe and keep them
on Papa yes excited look we are on time
even maybe early this is a world record
for us now we're waiting for Grandma and
papa
hey love you watchin forums there's been
a lot of people that their shakes are
like camp service to people and a lot of
bag I think someone should like Papa
all right Otis Papa usually wear green
sweater and dreams jeans and jeans let's
see Lacey's predicting Papa's outfit
no nope well I got the first Papa
sighting
I know his profile I see em he's right
there pretty water here what is there we
got it good for you
superstar status that's teaching the
kids about testing a toilet I want to
learn to I don't know what he's going to
do everybody in there oh yeah wow the
lighting can give up and so what we're
going to do is let it settle and then if
nobody flushes the toilet if it's
leaking through there
we'll see it comes through the bottom
water oh it's already coming through
some red there's red coming through that
front hole so now we know water is
leaking we're coming through that
flapper from the flapper so we need a
new flapper you need a new flippin
flapper so that means called look at
that you see that white thing with the
chain touching it that flapper it needs
to be replaced okay we passed the test
give me a five now your plumber okay who
wants to go to the park what to do it we
decided with how beautiful it is today
we should just walk through a park you
said to go to Park
yeah I can't I get my cheese makers like
and it in the club can welder camp with
the council again we don't know it's too
warm for jacket
well this cart looks like a lot of fun
I've got 20 bottles 20 pacifiers and 20
toys so we're using all of this at a
service baby shower that I'm doing
tomorrow so I'm looking forward to a
this is really going to be fun ah maggot
oh the challenge Bob is gonna get you
you got a red or are you gonna get you
fuck you buddy
specifics I think we've been playing on
this wing for at least 25 minutes and
I'm trying to get it to Isaac over the
pole from here all right well now we're
heading home for Papa's pizza and
birthday party they're doing the Papa
has another dance move yep
the Papa all right Otis kids ugly finish
up the cake he also is 38 and we decided
to try the funfetti frosting with it
happy birthday to you
okay I want everybody to help me on
three one three
Wow - and why are you walking on the
tree women
