why are you walking on the tree Linden
so Jeremy and I are on a little IPO date
there's a two area that Isaac new lease
are in and he loved and Laura went to
there like preschool art program that we
take them to sometimes we rode was they
were really happy there anyway we're
going to try to buy a couple things
today to get our house more ready for
baby I am definitely nesting so Jeremy
wanting to upgrade to a sittin stand
desk in his office
well they're just a large person and
they're not digital okay and you know
like I saw a long move in my desk over
it makes you feel like you're in your
car rolling your windows down which is
because our car still has this kind of a
crane I love it I'm getting it this is
the deck he's gonna have so much more
space
this F is way bigger than its current
desk the one that fit in our master
closet yeah so we're looking at this
thing it is a storage spot for a bunch
of our homeschool stuff but it also has
a little pull down desk so the kids can
actually do some of their schoolwork
there I'm thinking it might be a good
solution you could put it in the corner
in our living room and that would open
up some space in my bedroom where we're
currently storing about your homeschool
stuff
got some cinnamon rolls please power
through
well I'm worn out and I'm sitting here
on the couches of idea
well jeremy and i beginni leaves go and
check on a few more things before we
have fun oh man it's time for your nap
you get sand all over
okay let's wipe y'all that we made whoa
so you change the background Alton look
what it actually is it just two
different cup the rocket ship like a
fish swimming in the sea
so we have spent the last five minutes
playing with this rainbow reflection in
our fridge we discovered that it was
coming from these colored cups over here
so we're adding new colors well Jeremy
and I are trying to clean out our closet
this is the yes donate bag I'm going to
already close that i just--can corn in a
long time not just because I'm pregnant
but is trying to sort through stuff it's
not in good condition or doesn't anymore
I don't like anymore
cleaning up by bouncing the balls into
here you're going to come help us clean
up the bog hey come on we're going under
the trance to clean up it is gorgeous
out today and very very bright and sunny
but it's so nice to be able to be
outside yo bonnie is coming outside to
play because of lunch first time in
brown she's standing on you there we go
Isaac you on a tray those it being so
warm out today we decided we're gonna
bring the chicks out just for a few
minutes and let them explore on the
grass
here's Tiana's turn oh yeah are you
gonna try to play tag with Rihanna
forget you
it's fun with these chicks that you can
see their different personalities like
Vienna is always more adventurous funny
well it's funny bringing the chicks back
in and putting them back into their
little cage with their warmer you kind
of wonder what they're thinking of that
experience that was their first time
outside ever that was their first time
in a bigger space and like are they
talking to each other about it dude she
can talk to each other what do you think
Lee see you're going hi miss Laura
you're flying back here give me some
fish you need a push yeah so for about
the last month every time I look out of
my kitchen window when I'm doing my
dishes I'm so annoyed because there's
been this disposable plastic bag stuck
in a tree in our backyard and it was a
little bit too high up where you
couldn't just go out and grab it and we
haven't been outside much because it's
been so cold and so every time I'm doing
dishes I'm like oh we need to go out and
grab that bag so now we're outside
playing with the chicks I'm like Jeremy
you gotta go grab that bag and he's a
taking a creative route to get there you
gotta see this why are you walking on
the tree limb babe
what if you fall he has a stick he's
going for it with a stick
Jeremy taking the easiest route possible
I get this bag why don't you just walk
over underneath it my hero
you got a bid how you doing big boy
I saw someone yeah you did you found a
great little spot to sit yeah Laura
wants to sit right by you
whoa big jump
good job big girl here he comes good job
so the reason that I was climbing on the
log is because there's burrs and bushes
and thorns in the undergrowth but I was
trying to avoid otherwise it can take
hours to like deeper your shirt from all
of this stuff it's true thanks you saved
us all do you want to come inside with
me and look at the baby girl clothes
yeah you want to huh what are you going
to do with them open it open it I can't
okay I'll go hide well I hope you open
it and then we'll look at the baby girl
clothes together who are the baby girl
clothes for Laura hey big girl for baby
girl this big girl huh I think he loves
rights the baby needed to be a little
bigger I think I love her all I know you
love her and I guess
Oh can't we honor when she's born Vaughn
taneous cuteness you guys are awesome
okay let's go look at the baby girl
clothes so I found a newborn girl box
yesterday and now I haven't had a
consider it yet but I thought it'd be
fun for you nice and more no throws me
because you been more all these clothes
yeah and there went on and say yes can
you were a baby
catch ok suggestions to this was a
Halloween costume ball baby
yeah and a dad in our family the pumpkin
for the beginning people look these are
you man just blankets and burp cloth and
your swimsuit so everywhere so Susan
Ramsay Andrew gone wrong he animations
yeah thanks Eric the baby smell like
drool there drew this doesn't the kids
pointed spit that is district√≠s pleased
to know hey to get these are called burp
cloth ok this is a nursing cupboard well
what easily if it's for the car seat
yeah that one goes under the car seat
yeah alright oh I love this blanket
under special note of your blessing
blanket so this is your blushing dress
for true making your you into a book and
I don't wanna oh okay can wear bracelet
damn it everything yeah if you guys
don't get out the bracelet rest look
wrinkled little bad name must be doing a
little baby good shoes oh yeah I'm
they're cool little shoes okay look how
little day my what do you wear these
when you are no baby
yes okay not inside
mmm okay like baby oh you can wear that
one yeah dad never letting John the bid
so I wanted to show you some of these
special ones that are right here at the
bottom oh when you're coming home from
the hospital outfit it's what we brought
you handsome so you zero exhausted
because you're born in the wintertime
you want to be making more something I
went to Laura - cool hi Rosa you don't
mean one good name - shout so I usually
do darker colors but this time I decided
with a baby pink
Isaac claims he can get his lips to
touch his nose
