so usually do darker colors but this
time I decided to with a baby pink
Isaac claims he can get his lips to
touch his nose ha ha ha I mean getting
something new is in our house do you
know what it is it's our baby
I am a big sister now the baby is so
natural to whistle to play with toys too
little to eat peace tattoo or apples or
I squeezed too large just hanging out
over here by the chicks yep look at how
they're so interested in her hi guys hey
lower should we get the chicks out and
play with them Mabel Polly
they might poop it's true
my travels have told them so gentle huh
the chicks want your puzzle put in a
little puzzle right here how do you
think that the chicks want your
threshold they're cattle you don't want
them to choke themselves on those puzzle
pieces
I think the chicks are just excited to
see you so proud pick up what are you
guys working on this is a model of
Disneyland okay thank you awesome oh the
entrance whatever card building is
challenging have you guys ever made it
like double decker I'm trying to do it's
hard
it has e what are you doing
I'm leaving
it's wet very cool whoo I can take up if
you have a cos no it's a seriously loud
hiccup that's like me I get really loud
hiccup and if I keep the hiccup in my
mouth I can I can start here and really
learn and I asked is he naturally going
straight away this is interesting
sometimes like Brooklyn I have makeup
you hiccup and burp together oh okay
this is a little too much information
time to turn off the camera from tonight
or the baby
why fantastic trainers and we'll discuss
early baby dollars dance school for
lunch we're doing pulled pork sandwiches
the good
we did put root beer in the crock pot
when we made it well today is a good day
the sun is shining and I get to go on a
girls night out tonight to get a
pedicure and go out to eat with some
friends and we finally found the newborn
girl box of clothes so obviously we've
had baby girls before and so I knew that
we had a tub with some baby girl stuff
in it I couldn't find it I'd looked in a
few different places and it wasn't where
I expected it to be and I was like we
gotta find this box so we found it today
Jeremy got it out of the closet it was
up high and now I get to go through it
it was your favorite when you were a
newborn right at Claro
but all I remember when I was a kid I
get bit
this was one my funny faces you made
that funny face when you were yes and
that teller know how to catch my then to
my nose show me how to touch your lips
your nose
absolutely respect if I could get when
it smell that is hard to do when you're
smiling doesn't quite cut so close
though keep trying
so close
Isaac claims he can get his lips to
touch his nose
oh you're smiling now now it's really
impossible is it touching your nose I
think it my little finger knows you guys
hidden talents we are a talented bunch
I've actually never tried trying to get
my lips to touch my nose here we go
all right I bet that Jeremy can do this
because Jeremy has huge lips the better
to kissing with right come on over come
on over here he's in the kitchen
okay so we're trying to see if you can
get your lips to touch your nose there's
nothing big lift are they touching your
nose
you think so all right there we have it
we up its talented family
via lips touching nose tour you guys
come to our camera has a little flip up
spot where you can see yourself in it
and we rarely put that up if you kids
want to do those putting their lips up
to their nose don't spit on my camera hm
yep we got it dude time for the camera
away the lure is supposed to be napping
right now but I have a little inkling
that she might not be asleep
we're going to play with the chicks
getting bigger it's like their wing yeah
their wings are definitely getting
bigger how to mess with a chick
so we such a flip screen up so they can
see themselves that's you you're scared
of the little chick frankly people but
you're going to laugh too you feed
they're getting big
let me let us all out at the same time
see how this kills and be honest good
I'm shy so we have leftover Valentine's
Day candy and I keep finding myself
sniffing or little pieces of the candy
and it made me curious what is your
favorite Valentine's Day candy let us
know up here in the pole personally I
keep feeling little pieces of chocolate
definitely I go for chocolate before
anything else you think the conversation
hearts Isaac Isaac thinks the
conversation hurt I'm escaping with my
bread like have fun so the painters
finished the upstairs when they are here
laughed and right now they're finishing
the base because they didn't want all
the paint to fly upstairs
now my dear they're spraying the ceiling
right now so there's paint just like
flying around up there down there
so my friends and I are coming out to
get pedicures which I'm so excited about
because that's just like the ultimate
pampering life name I just need to
choose a toenail colon trailer which is
luckily much easier than choosing a
housemate color
so usually do darker colors but this
time I decided was a baby pink I guess
you know best in for a little baby girl
baby and I'm really liking it it feels
fresh sorry excuse me these get excite
is that we are starting to plans a
summer camp for the summer so these are
my summer camp friends probably
recognized and last year we did a Lego
summer camp I actually don't remember
what we did the year before but I keep
around like 5 or 6 years of doing a
summer camp and as someone so we are
going to try to choose our ceiling and
get kind of some initial stuff planning
like that and we just decided it'd be
more fun to have the planning meetings
while we're getting pedicures and eating
dinner
Carrie follow me while I'm home as the
basement is done being painted I'm
excited to have this big painting
project behind us and my toes are all
cute I had such a good time with my
friends it was just a really wonderful
evening out and grateful that Jeremy was
able to watch the kids and take such
good care of them for me so I could go
do that and now I'm going to go to good
Jay house and I'm really excited because
something came in the mail that we've
been waiting and waiting for this is
your glasses
