okay well I just completely melted down
sobbing yeah what do you think I should
do with it I think I should clean it up
it is definitely not normal in here well
good morning we have the craziest day
today seriously there is so much going
on it's insane we are painting our
entire house which means we're moving
everything in our house luckily Jeremy's
doing that Elise was so cute this
morning she said mom dad is really
strong we're lucky to have him in our
family I'm like yes we are very lucky
because he's the one moving the piano in
the file cabinet in the depths and
everything in any way what else is going
on today maternity pictures and spoiler
alert I have no idea or wearing so I
need to figure out what in the world
we're going to wear for the maternity
pictures and the kids are going to be in
it with me so that's everybody what else
are we doing I don't even remember it's
a great you do though miss Laurette
pushes a Ewing my those are not yours
who do those belong to no one barely see
shoes when you grow bigger feet
girlfriend those are not your shoes well
so this is in the girls room and this is
just some of the reason why we are
repainting our house we do like the nice
warm color that our house has been it's
a really flat low grade builder quality
paint and it's been in our house for
four years it's impossible to clean and
every time we touch it up you can see
all the touch-ups and so we're looking
for something that even if it's a
lighter color it's a better finish so we
can wipe down the walls when things
happen also Kayla and Laura have
outgrown
that messing up on the walls phase and
so we're hoping that before baby girl
gets big enough to make mess we can
actually try to keep the wall nice for a
couple of years wishful thinking thank
you I make sure this because Laura's
wearing them both places wish I could
interview long ago so we're so grateful
we have some friends that are going to
be watching the chick all other things
are in the house with the thing thank
you
and braving taking all of the conducts
breakfast by myself hopefully this goes
well so this is one of our favorite
breakfast spots we love their pancakes
here they're fusing a lot different
kinds do they have plain chocolate chips
apples for the minute blueberry and
banana with peanut butter though if you
were here which one would you order let
us know in the poll up here apple
cinnamon
yeah Casey ants definite he's excited
Laura that's a lot of food for you
you thank you mommy I'll cut it for you
oh you think you're going to put the
sheriff on Oh mommy's gonna help here's
my meal
does it need some more Sarah okay mommy
I'll help this time
maybe money's no better at it we like so
nice having kids big enough to cut their
own food so this way the kids are at a
friend's house we're going to come in
now and see what's happening inside you
guys ready you guys like it they just
did the first coat and I'm freaking out
I feel like it looks like we're painting
our entire house blue which I didn't
want to be in my labs with I wanted it
to be like a really neutral grayish
whitish beige-ish so I'm feeling scared
that we're gonna have to redo all of
he's trying really hard to be patient
with me like this is just my first coat
this feeling hasn't been done yet
I think it's going to look different
when it's done well I just completely
melted down sobbing in the car and I
need to go into the store and find some
clothes but I'm a little bit embarrassed
because my eyes you can obviously tell
that I've been crying and just so
anxious about this and I get like I can
say the sentence it's just paint Kendra
like painting your house it is not what
this much stress or anxiety but I just
feel really anxious about it and I feel
really indecisive and I feel stupid that
I'm still indecisive about it and I feel
embarrassed and I feel insecure that
it's going to turn out looking weird and
I'm going to regret it and so many
feelings and I wish I could brain the
blow I wish I could blame them all on
pregnancy hormones but some of this is
just me guys it's issues I've got to
work out it's my perfectionism it's my
stress it's my indecisiveness
sometimes I just wish I could just fix
myself just not struggle with these
things I'm going to start crying again
I'm never going to be able to go into
this door
okay well I'm stopping by Oshkosh and
carters to look for some clothes to go
with the maternity pictures that I'm
wanting to do today I'm looking for
something for Isaac and okay everybody
really and if I find the right outfit
for baby girl for coming home from the
hospital I'll get that too I don't shop
one yet
right so we are getting ready some
maternity pictures and their author dr.
Jim is like and I'm excited I did kids
outfits it didn't really work out the
way I was going in my head but I think
we're going to get some beautiful shots
in ways the weather is awesome the
lights pretty if they're watching mom
get their pictures
you give a baby a cool oh how cute you
are okay we look at each other
all right well I'm excited to see the
maternity pictures when we get them back
I think that went pretty well so thank
you oh yeah we're going to be a bouquet
this is like the most Awkward on-camera
thing together so it's fun to come into
rooms that are finished I think it looks
really good so the kids are the fun
babysitting night tonight with a bunch
of their friends I'm you can just check
on the house I'm still feeling a little
bit nervous about the color it's a big
change I love the color and I love the
brightness and just don't know how I
feel about how it goes with our scrim in
our doors with Jeremy just means they
need to paint our terminar doors for the
truck in front of us pay for our meal
that we're picking up for the food so
you know we're paying for the people
behind their dance is it going yeah he's
trying to know how to keep it going
well we're ending off the night with
going to Dairy Queen for some ice cream
we just picked up the kids
the painters finished the kids bedrooms
very first thing so it was earlier this
morning they've been airing out the
windows open all day long we're just
given a little bit longer it's a good
excuse to come get some ice cream what's
your favorite thing to get at Dairy
Queen well give everything together a
blizzard
I got a disco I think I like blizzards
more about the difficult linking happy
the happy man he's earned his ice cream
today that carried it has your ice cream
big girls
we've got cold after eating her ice
cream I'm warm here you want to snuggle
do you think you need a blanket
yeah about a bed with a blanket good
night Jay how's that it's me again
Tiffany
