it's me again Tiffany how many evolved
aids events
well there's a hundred in each bag and
we have 30 bags how many three yes
that's right can anyone challenge us to
do about bouncy ball trampoline bounce
up a little bit hard to say huh it's
like a twizzler but with like a tongue
twister
yeah sister Emma Nia challenged us and
it sounded like fun I mean it's bouncy
balls on a trampoline that's awesome
clearly I am playing the role of
videographer today I'm not bouncing with
bouncy balls okay so here's how the
challenge works you have one minute and
you have to collect as many balls as you
can of the same color by putting them in
a cereal bowl yeah
don't miss the trampoline
3000 sounded like a ton of bouncy balls
it's not much in a hole trampoline good
job you guys we're gonna have to move
the trampoline to a more level surface
you guys want to help me move it yeah
good job helping guys a lot
I'm starting to think that simonia
actually are just pranking us because
they knew that this would happen and so
they challenged us knowing that we would
be really playing the 3000 bouncy ball
pickup clever very clever system they
better be careful because we can still
challenge them back with another
challenge
this is basically just becoming a comedy
of errors
fun fact we have no integers in an hour
all right Caleb is up first for the
challenge
going against Abram what color you gonna
go for blue awesome okay he's got one
minute to jump and see how many blue
bouncy balls you can get Taylor has four
blue bouncy balls good job
whoa it's me against Tiffany I cute pink
okay here's a pink ball maybe get the
pink one your 30 seconds
yeah she went crazy oh my goodness
pink bouncy ball heaven let's go girl 7
H 1 cup chopped up 27 28 28
hmm nailed it alright so it's Isaac
against Nia so I'm coming in to bounce
to make it a little bit harder for you
one two three four five six seven foot
eight nine ten and I can't fit right
against my champion if I can't go like
this
it would just be poor right all right
yeah all right it's my turn to go spin
get that scope so I weigh a lot more
than the kids
so okay you guys ready to count all
right then 33 34 35
laughing 47:58 this dude nah get set go
don't come over don't jump either it's
just a big one all right so to see who
won you're gonna have to go over to Sam
and Nia's video they did this challenge
today to Femina were the first family
loggers that we ever found they inspired
us to start vlogging and we've really
appreciated our friendship with them
through this YouTube journey make sure
to go over to their Channel and give
them some jailhouse love and we want to
challenge back send an email with some
kind of game with these 3,000 bouncy
balls so if you have any ideas let us
know in the comments thank you for
watching
all right we're going to do a poll which
one of these do you think we should
paint our house and whichever name gets
the most votes is what we're going to
name our baby chick
