all right we're going to do a poll which
one of these do you think we should
things are out and whichever name gets
the most votes is what we're going to
being our baby chick sown what do you
dressed up as what is it okay good Elsa
all right well that's my beeper not
yours I just got back from playing
racquetball and I won this time which
was great and me and the boys are going
to go get our hair cut
put your shoes
that cuts over here that hate cut thing
now it might be any its charge but great
you're right but it's a blade but it
sees it for one thing we make sure if
I'm a chemist and a cognizer right now
what'd I do wrong in this door
well he got his hair cut but more
importantly you got a sucker well today
is definitely a day when we are trying
to get a lot done I am overwhelmed we're
trying to decide on a house color like
we want to repaint the interior of our
house we have maternity pictures coming
up which means I need to figure out why
everybody's wearing and we need to clean
the house because before I can paint a
house it has to be relatively clean so
I'm currently working on tackling the
girls room it was not this messy before
we started we've been pulling everything
out and trying to sort through it and
put it back together but I'm like
mid-project and I'm exhausted so now it
just looks messy in here are you guys
which color should we paint the inside
of our house leaving KUB I thought well
I like it
govern beige and cool that's like the
color we already have how many choose a
dark red
we're getting clean sample we're trying
to decide on which color to repaint the
interior walls of our home and we have a
few samples we're going to put up next
to our trim we wish we could repaint our
trim it's very like a creamy beige and
we wish it was white so that just takes
a lot more time and money so we're just
trying to find a color that will mesh
well with it so these are the colors
that we're looking at yeah makes me
point to our trim that dark one is
actually the color of our trim and so
we're trying the colors that are
surrounding it to see what will work
okay you excited about that one Munich
yeah that doesn't everyone so me too
all right which one is this one this is
edge hombre Danny oh yeah yeah Aaron
everything is on me it's on the trend
I wonder why we're hiring those guys why
aren't we just doing it ourselves later
so
I think so all these pretty similar but
official riddled family I agree with
that
this one's design white this is Revere
pewter it looks a lot darker and we're
really excited because Elsa joined us oh
no Mona oh wow well thanks for joining
us Elsa and Anna this is hard because
they always the same I mean the white is
definitely whiter you don't get a nation
and that oh this mother Attali me well
surely the young lovers on what you get
first love to see ya all right well
here's the final options I was realized
samples aren't that helpful because it's
going to feel so different the whole the
question for me is how well does it go
with our current trim in my dream world
we would have white trim and a light
gray on the walls and since we're having
to work with the beige trim we already
have we're just trying to figure out
which one of these would be best
alright we're going to do a poll which
one of these do you think we should
paint our house this top one is called
Edgecombe gray the middle one is called
design white this bottom one is called
Revere pewter I think combined like
candle which one do you go come on light
you like the middle one how about you I
think edge goes right all right we're
gonna have to come back tomorrow and see
what color paint your whole house cause
it's been happening this amazing weather
we got to come and play the part
we get playing tag Peter I think that I
got it I just had a little bit of a
breakdown meaning I just sat there and
cried to Jeremy I'm just really
overwhelmed we're trying to do a lot
right now
and mine is biggest struggle like what
is so hard for me about my personality
is my indecisiveness and I hate it
I want to overcome that I want to be a
decisive person that's like no this is
what I want I'm gonna be happy with it
but instead I'm like no I don't know
what I want and luckily it's really
pretty outside today and so Jeremy is
going to go on a walk with me literally
excited because this came today we have
a car seat that means you have a baby
you guys what I don't me open it is our
baby
well because I'm very a baby good Emily
literally has a button
yeah where we gonna get our little
sister
honey that's because the baby's gonna be
yeah hi girls
you're gonna sit right by her well he
actually hanging here yeah that's how
little she's gonna be my goodness like
her head would literally be like right
there she's going to start really little
I think she'll be showing schedules
while we're getting the chicks out to
play just one at a time as you excited
because when I got it first it might
forget you it's okay just touch it head
I headed all the way gone I was a pretty
quick little man I don't know how little
chick knows what to do Oh oops right
away
no he's pooped it but he's been in his
cage I'm gonna go check see its pecking
at me but it's in to hurt kid was afraid
it was going after your tension I just
think you're kinky so we're keeping the
Resta chicks warm and just letting them
have turns down here for just a minute
please
it's okay animals peace just like babies
and people yeah they kind of surprise
you
and he loved yeah yeah it did not hurt
she definitely helped me
it did not hurt just do some love just
put her on the bed right back here right
yep back behind oh oh that's a lot of
boob my name is Ken man's not Ricky what
could be a name that goes with the black
dot on its head because that's what
identify back miss Banach miss bonnet
Barney the bonnet Bonnie
ah oh wow and body Brian come over here
Barney venturing off if only babies for
is easy to name as chicks are you trying
to hold it okay put your hand out and
chop it boy
me I want to have it it's not gonna hurt
human girl you got it okay to close down
a lil bit nervous hey used to me mom
wants to try hiding mom's feelin branagh
mom's nervous and mom's never done this
before either so let's give her a chance
to know hold the camera the mocking grew
up around an old and I was speaking in
third person
um Ron
maybe another day you should know did
you H I feel it huh just can I scoop it
up you're doing it Kendra I'm really
proud of you you know so earlier today
Kendra and I were having kind of a
stressful moment we're trying to pick
paint colors and just life and we took
about 20 minutes and we came over and we
were just hitting the chicks and it was
really awesome like it was a lot of fun
I really think eunuch oh oh I'm glad I
did not poop on my hand was right it
wasn't really common here no it's me
hi mommy Hey okay what should we name
this one you guys yeah long way longer
you hold Ned okay all right so this
little chick is the one that still needs
a name okay now you're doing a good job
practicing the old drum okay so we named
three of our four little chicks we have
Tiana Bonnie and dotty but we need your
help naming the fourth chick we can't
decide we have five options so we're
going to let you vote Interpol up here
and whichever name gets the most votes
is what we're going to name our baby
chick so here's the options you have
Bigfoot sunshine
captain
Fred or sir goofs-a-lot let us know
which name you think is best for a
little baby chick and thanks about what
time when we put the baby in well being
at Bethel but the polish Miss Lauren
what you doing I'm doing my baby sure
she went out and crazy oh if she
sleeping right now yeah I was gonna be a
vessel can you unbuckle her yes and yes
I can unbuckle her well we had some
really precious moments as a family
tonight it was fun to play with the
chicks
we're having a good time then it was
time to clean up and get ready for the
painters tomorrow and that got stressful
and the kids didn't want to help and I
kept finding more messes everywhere and
eventually I lost it and I totally
yelled and I'm feeling bad and anyway
Jeremy is putting the kids to bed but
real life guys families are beautiful
they're all so stressful and exhausting
and you know just wake up again tomorrow
and do our best try again
tell the kids I'm sorry that I love them
and we'll keep going so I'll see you
tomorrow
you just watch
