after these 12 years of marriage you
know we're currently in marriage
counselors like okay it's gone man
we shot the kids down and talked to him
about it and they were really sad oh
good morning so overnight we had two
more chicks hatch out of their eggs and
all of the chicks survived the night one
of them is still looking weak and so
we'll be keeping an eye on that one you
getting your makeup on Laura can I take
up to you helping mommy look so pretty
well I'm headed in to make a bunch of
freezer meals
I am stocking up my freezer before this
baby girl is born I think I'm making 25
meals today
hey girls do when I help me pick a
Valentine's Day card for Mom yeah come
over I have them set up on the table
this morning we're doing some prep for
Valentine's Day and we're excited a
hallmark signature is sponsoring this
video
we love hallmark Lyra Kansas City
company okay so I'm going to look at
them and tell me which one you like the
most
you like that one
what do you like about it those
butterflies all right boy there's only
did your opinion to trying to pick all
four more I think that that's a t-rex oh
 I think mom was like this one it's
only one you think the t-rex ones
romantic in you what's romantic about it
good Sam
hope your Valentine's Days tee-rrific I
love that this one with the price on it
this is the one that you can like hang
on your door oh yeah he'll be cute
Valentine's Day does that have a dress
on it got another one actually a pic
does that one romantic car because you
played okay how is that like tic-tac-toe
hmm you know is that actually that means
hugs and kisses well it was hard to pick
just five for a poll because these are
no ordinary cards are really special but
we'd love to know which of these five is
your favorite a heart of butterflies
love with diamonds t-rex the princess
dress and Cupid's arrows and finally
picking a card it really came down to
how I look at my relationship with
Kendra we've been married 12 years
there's been a lot of messy parts
struggle and after these 12 years of
marriage you know we're currently in
marriage counseling right now and it's
not because we don't love each other or
because we're hopeless about our
marriage but because we really want to
keep trying to keep improving we want to
give our kids the best life we can and
we know that a big part of that is
giving them the best marriage and
relationship and so we're constantly
working on that and that's the theme
that I was looking for in a card and
this is the one that I felt most
represented that it's really simple it
says I love you and on the inside it
says today tomorrow always our marriage
counselor had us do an exercise where we
wrote a love letter to each other and
that was good to really stop and think
about and ponder over the things that
really love about kendra and the first
part of that letter mostly focused on
how my love for her isn't because of
things she's accomplished or because of
things she's done but it's with no
strings attached you know being married
12 years
I know all of her weaknesses and I
choose to love her with those things and
I will continue to give that commitment
and continue to try and so that's what I
loved about this card was you know my
love is here always with Valentine's Day
right around the corner you can get
Hallmark signature cards anywhere where
they sell Hallmark cards in the card
aisle if you're wanting an amazing card
for your special Valentine and click on
the link below
so this is going to be baked
ching-chong gus' they're so good so one
of the meals we're making is breakfast
burritos and they are delicious but look
how much this is whoa then this is a
whole vat of chicken or cooking and this
one is going to be red and white pasta
which is my family's favorite so next up
I'm making a Mexican cooking chicken
chili and what's awesome about this one
is I do all the work here and so on
until my life is good dump it in the
crock-pot or you go alright well I think
we are done that was 55 meals that we
just made and I'm splitting it with my
friend Kylie she's been here working and
cooking with me I think we did that in
three hours look at how much food this
is here's the finished product 25 meals
to go home and stock my freezer and so
excited about these breakfast burritos
and red and white pasta there's so much
good food here my problem is I'm tempted
to start eating it now but I need to
save it for after baby camp well our one
little chick that was really struggling
through the night you know I woke up
several times and came out to check on
it and was really grateful every time I
saw that it was still breathing and this
morning to see that it was alive we were
really hopeful but unfortunately the
chickens the chicks didn't pass away we
set the kids down and talked to him
about it and they were really sad and we
told them that it was okay to be sad you
know all living things die and that's a
sad thing and it's a hard thing to go
through I talked about pets that I have
in the past that passed away one thing
that always makes us feel better when
we're going through a hard time or a
hard thing is hearing from you and your
experiences I'm sure that many of you
have had pets that have passed away you
know this was a pet that our kids only
knew for one day but even that little
attachment brought such sadness when
life is gone and so we would love to
hear about your stories we're excited
that we still have four chicks that are
less some of the eggs ended up not
hatching
and our kids are celebrating in the life
of the chicks that we have with us and
we're going to have a lot of fun with
them well it's time for these two chicks
to get some new roommates
to a newly hatched chicks I'm going to
be moved out of the incubator tomorrow
they're like what you hear the chicks
are just meeting each other you can tell
which one is the newest one of the three
newly hatched chicks is actually
concerning us as well and so we
contacted rent the chicken and candy
came out and she's picking up the chip
to see what she can do to doctor it and
nurse it back to health and see what she
can do for that little chick so to sort
of food
check him out this one making sure all
the rest of them are healthy and strong
oh wow those would be much less what's
productive you want it
so mr. Isaac is being an awesome big
brother and teaching Elise and Caleb how
to play chess did you play earlier today
oh so you're pretty much an expert now
have you won yet no I just beat me every
time I've done winning but then you
killed my team and that's how you win it
sure it's true
sorry see what you can get chess hmm I'm
gonna lose right there
oh good alright poll question for the
day do you know how to play chess and do
you like chess Jeremy loves chess Isaac
love chef I used to like chess
I don't have patience for it anymore I
do you do cool should we play chess
this part here we go into can okay
though you decided birthday boy alright
let's go pick up the friends well we are
all loaded up in the car because we are
headed to Caleb's birthday party and we
are doing something for his birthday
party that we have never done with our
kids before so I'm really excited about
it it should be a fun evening he invited
a couple of friends we're actually going
to make a special video just about his
birthday party and so that will be up
tomorrow stay tuned for that and that's
it for today they have theirs ones only
off me right now it seems like one of
the chicks is really not doing well I
just want them to live all food
