here's one's only on screen right now it
seems like one of the chicks is really
not doing well I guess more than two
rich oh we can't take him out to the dry
you see the little chick mine is gonna
have to be one two three next you know I
think it's going to be okay but that's
always your eye out
it's very very very creamy wine I think
that they can see but probably not right
away
but they're probably just right closing
their name down what are you wearing you
guys doing it
Caleb came here can't what they remain
this one
Caleb doing it I think he wants to get
water how do we help it we didn't we
have to just watch it for now it has to
struggle to tre it's all of them have to
struggle to try to commodity egg and
then try to survive that's part of life
for him the age under it is hacking a
news like it looks like he is having fun
he's learning how to walk around and he
and he's starting her life through his
head did he have
it's kinda understand up yeah my little
Spears bird knocking oh cool is exciting
to come out to a baby chick this morning
and a bunch of the other eggs have
little you know packings on them
hopefully we'll get to see more chicks
hatch throughout the day today but the
other one that's pushing its way out I
thought have to be smooth it's not crazy
the kiddos are helping me make some
lunch
nice gloomy and cheese I'm not going to
all right great for Ezra is what are you
grateful for duty
you are you recommend like a quota is
yesterday what is it if you can dream it
you can do it I love that quote I'm
grateful for Pogo ball nothing fun okay
I'm late before I go to bed and and my
dream about one mommy the baby was out
and the baby was cracked and it was
again they've got all all molar okay
that's your dream all right I'm grateful
for Papa I am grateful for our little
chicks
it is really excited to see them
starting to come out of their egg and
I'm excited over these next couple days
there's going to be a lot of fun to see
them growing up well I just got home
from a doctor's appointment for baby
girl and her heartbeat is good her
headed down and I am actually already
three centimeters dilated so that's good
and exciting and it makes me want to get
my whole house ready so last night we
cleaned the van out and I finally
ordered the car seat and it's being
shipped and we're going to get it in
just a day or two so things are moving
in the right direction I hope baby girl
stays in at least a little while longer
so we can be a little bit more ready for
her when she shows up well it's school
time and I think we're gonna learn some
more about chicks today whoo here's one
totally watching right now oh my
goodness oh it's getting Ivan isochron
we were just reading that book about how
chicks hatch then I came over to check
and one of them is making a lot of
progress
oh so here's how they hatch on the end
of the beach is a little funky fun
I feel like it's going to happen all at
once I think it will you might have to
stay here all day you can see how it
makes a big effort and then it rests
permanent
so the way the chick actually hatches
out of the egg is it has a little tooth
at the end of its beak that's called an
egg tooth and uses that to poke a hole
in the egg then it makes a hole all the
way around the outside of the shell and
then it pushes with its feet and it
shoulders like against each other and
makes a clean break let's cut what I'm
doing you you might have a lot of
juniors I don't want to call mine Junior
bring it yeah Laurie gets to name it I
think I'll call it in to Mizzou specific
I think I'll name it something sesame or
a knot well another piece yeah
oh my goodness cool how does it work
oh come here hurry time I've got seven
students should do it for them make it
out you can see how wet the feathers are
beautiful it's adorable is amazing I
mean an excellent hat I can see that
she's moving you really can't have this
so we're sitting here reading the book
and we're watching our little baby
sister kick all over the place she was
moving so much of course now I turn on
the camera and she's holding still maybe
she just likes hearing or burro this
he's kicking no hurt the baby you're so
nice
Caleb anyway so when the first chick
hatched this morning Laura came into my
room and she goes ma'am is the baby
gonna hatch today and I was like no the
baby's not hatching and she's like when
it hatches does it poke your tummy and
crawl out and I said no babies are born
a different way visually it looks like
we've got another egg getting ready to
hatch
oh my goodness yours Jeremy what am I
gonna name it big decisions all dream
it's not exciting it really is so
exciting oh my goodness there it is that
one is definitely yellow it is it's
definitely yellow tend to hold its head
every day no pity oh my goodness it's
like watering and having fun
it's button deck but we got to get the
cage ready for the chicks they're going
to be
being over later this evening so this
will go on top and then the heat lamp
will go right like that that's a big
space for other chicks
well they're little now but they're
going to grow bigger no and you said
that someday you can let them trample
floors and play with that yes when they
get a little bit bigger water somehow
please can't believe uncle Isaac is
making data sheets for each chick that
hatches great idea
that way we can remember exactly when
they were born
yes Caleb Junior's birthday is on maps
day but the night they saw you celebrate
in it I think he already celebrated it
this is what's gonna keep them in 1h 1 &
2 3 & 4 & 5 & 6
awesome so you drew a picture of how the
eggs are hatching thank you
good work let's see yours Isaac
lifecycle of a chicken right there
Lauren woke up I see the chick right oh
yeah yours is open deep these are little
changes is that one yes and look look
over here there's another one that one
it came out of Daddy's egg oh yeah Oh
thick you want to go tell daddy you get
to choose a name for your little baby
chick are you giving me no I don't know
I can't even name a baby out like a NEMA
chick what do you think it's a good name
for a baby chick Oh
my exams all nurse the chicks are all
together at the moment which can occur
clamp
well the shoots have done awesome on
their school work today and so I'm
letting the boys have some tablet time
and the girls wanted to play with make
up their play makeups I may regret this
you look beautiful you want purple this
color or this color okay like close them
I'm gonna fix it
he is such a nice sister
thanks cap
okay
generic hmm yeah good to monster do it
make it so it's part of Elise's school
today I have a bunch of words written up
here and she is going to shoot them with
the nerf gun and when you shoot it Lee
see you have to read the word and tell
me why the word has the silent P well
blue and why does blue have a silent e
at the end
anglers would do not end in ITP okay
alright so the word couldn't end with
you huh so we have a silent e all right
what does this word say simple simple
and white is simple how to silent e at
the end every syllable need every every
Hill bones need to vowel you're right
and so that second syllable sim pol pol
needed a silent E Elise's reading
program logic of English foundations is
really cool she's already learned for
different reasons why you would need a
silent e at the end of a word I had no
idea it's been really fun to learn all
this alongside of her we're going to
move the chicks that are hot change the
king come on you little virgin say like
what anything like what's going on
so we knew our bigger and seemed goes
dried off a little better this guy was
the first one and he still looks he's
alive
mr. water in the huge over the water and
water runs go to the water they calm
down when they found each other they
like each other
their broken business yes we clean them
out he say
Wow Caleb Joey you're alive
well it's really sad the chicks are
having a lot of fun but it seems like
one of the chicks is older than not
doing well and honestly we don't know if
it's going to survive I just want them
to live oh boy and then - half that was
a big old sign
