Marty it good morning
this never ever happens so I absolutely
have to document it James and I are both
awake and none of our kids are it's 7:10
or something and at all of our kids are
sleeping seriously like that some world
record we need to have a national
holiday on this day forever more like
this is crazy
so my throat's still hurting so I made
myself some hot apple cider hmm
Jeremy is working on finishing up the
blog child has awoken
oh yeah normally you are not the first
congratulations I just sleep oh and
closely behind the comma do normally he
shows up at 5:00 at the side of my bed
like a little troll Caleb Blansett oh no
every single well cami oh of course
how'd you sleep
so precious
okay
so he makes what he claimed how the
Isaac helps take care of the children
and I'm King I'm sorry
you're three years old and I should make
it an even meaner doggie I pressed him
look where it is so for a Lisa's
birthday she made and designed her own
cake and so Kayla wanted to do his own
cake as well what kind of cake you doing
button blue velvet what color is the
frosting gonna be Nina what's your
favorite color
yeah do you know that they actually have
any red velvet cake
don't give your boot I think blue is
cool that's my favorite color
yeah sure for sure yeah yeah would you
have to be blue brain so in the poll
question what's your favorite color
let us know I'm sure I won't list them
all so if yours isn't listed let us know
in the comments right right it says we
need a big bowl we need water and like
it okay
starting at 325
put in the Dan little man alright here's
the blue velvet cake so Caleb what does
blue velvet cake taste like and what do
you think no baby you think so I am
definitely feeling better than I was a
day or two ago but I still have a cough
my voice isn't all the way back my
throat's a little off but I'm all enough
to be up and doing everything and all
that good god oh I'm so glad mom's
better nah I'm sure I'm the baby daddy
Kim's good I'm marrying and math under
fresca anyway I am now officially
beginning my ninth month of pregnancy I
am 36 weeks I can't believe that looking
good buddy
I was Church Laura yeah nature said that
you were singing and dancing the whole
time yes they actually taught a lesson
today in church again kind of that girl
it went wow if you like seeing one of
those days where I thought I was feeling
better and now having like done more I'm
ready for a nap
boom you're also nine months pregnant so
what are you talking about she's saying
like every time I caught your ribs just
that it's a deep cough and then the baby
kicks and then I have to pee it's a bit
of a turn so at church I am responsible
for leading music time with the kids and
I have so much fun doing that's really
one of my favorite parts of the week
so Caleb pretty much this secondly get
home from church strict and takes all
the sunday clothes off and puts on his
pajamas or his play clothes as soon as
possible is that true you crazy stuff
mm-hm
well Jeremy and I have been in the
kitchen cooking together you've been
making dinner and I've been making
breakfast for Kayla's birthday tomorrow
so that's baking in the oven right now
but here's what we're having for dinner
we're having rice and taco meat and lots
of fajita veggies and cheese and there's
tomatoes of black beans and corn we just
kind of put it all together so I bet
it's gonna be really good though I'm not
tasting this story it's a baseball book
yeah Laura what do you have mom watching
over there you have a bug Wow roll and
you have mom babysitting in here's the
bug I'm babysitting driver
since the bugs have a name yep
it's a whistle with a kazoo bug good
night little bag this is the kind of bug
I don't mind babysitting I feel pretty
good about it
well I'm loving that sunset tonight
while we're finishing up some of Caleb's
birthday prep Isaac and Elise and Laura
just chose their present for hand and
they wrapped them - this one's from
Isaac
this one's from Laura and Elise wanted
to actually use wrapping paper to record
and make it does a day has what more a
longer time to be with Mama now of being
what small pain you're wrapping so so
win-win yeah absolutely
no more tape okay I think there's more
tape in the kitchen somewhere we'll find
some okay I found a new pack of page and
so excited now we can wrap presents and
hanging streamers linkage caller when I
- I hit him in the head so he leaves
Papa sent you with cutest text message
he said he saw your glasses and that the
same thing happened to his glasses
Oh does it his reading glasses look very
thing I said his tech said we're
twinsies
Wow I thought it was funny to see a text
from Papa same twinsies yeah so you can
do this Bubba
all right boys who are you rooting for
Jackie Falcon
yeah you made a sign go Falcons oh come
back that true you're rooting for the
Patriots they're down by three
touchdowns right now so it would be fun
to see him come back I want the Chiefs
to win but they lie so now I just want
to give you how about you
I'm just caring for the one who wins
nice so we're all ready for Caleb's
birthday tomorrow and apparently the
super bowl went into overtime and that's
apparently a big deal Jeremy's excited
about it he's talking to his brother
where is gonna be a fun day our house
regardless of who wins the Super Bowl
okay not that after eating the salad
Caleb's face is breaking out on your
mark get set go
ah
