I can't think about what she drugged up
I think she's going to be a rock star
gonna take yeah so with it being winter
we've been stuck inside a lot and some
of the Caleb and Laura's friends go to
this art class one morning a week and so
we figured we'd let them try it today
they're excited to get to pack lunches
and go and spend a few hours doing all
these fun and creative activities so
something new we'll see how come Oh in
other news I'm totally getting sick
sorry if you can tell in my voice but
yeah you're getting sick
I don't peek though oh man I hug I know
that headache Wow
welcome
miss Laura are you excited to go to a
class it's Nightwish yeah did you pack
your lunch box yes how are you feeling
buddy oh good
excited about the new class yeah is it
Mason
I feel like I'm too old you're not too
old it's for everybody that doesn't go
in kindergarten yet so it's for
preschool and pre-k Wow this way guys
this way haven't you punkin I ready
is cool I am gonna leave are you gonna
be cool okay you have time with your
friend oh I love you pumpkin high five
thanks buddy
well I am craving homemade chicken
noodle soup so let's say I want to make
for dinner tonight so I decided to stop
at adults or just real quick just to get
a couple things I needed for homemade
chicken noodle soup and I ended up doing
a full-fledged shopping trip I got a ton
of stuff but it's stuff we needed so
that's good there's something else I was
going to tell you guys Oh so I'm pretty
much an incredibly indecisive person and
when I'm tired or sick or not feeling
well emotionally and even more
indecisive so I'm standing there in the
store today laughing at myself because I
literally made one of my choices using
eenie meenie miney moe
like I'm an adult I should not be using
any meanie miney mo but I I just
couldn't decide so pull question when
was the last time you used eenie meenie
miney moe to make a decision or have you
ever done that because you're more
decisive than me thumbs up if you are so
it's really weird being home without
Caleb and Laura never don't have a
little bit of layered it feels like
someone's sleeping like I need to be
quiet it does feel different anyway I'm
getting some schoolwork done with Isaac
and Elise before they go out on their
adventure with dad and it it's really
quiet here okay we created three
adventures it's coming okay keep reading
which ones next day good job Elise is
doing a reading assessment today and
she's inhaling it all right good job
okay good word can get each one right
because this is a reveal and I can do
each one's like hey Tigger
there see ya it's an assessment it's
reviewing what you learn easy peasy
lemon squeezy you're doing awesome added
James Resnick and dad was bringing in
the baby
she-ra groom hair and like Gio asked
which a guy is trying to like quiet make
her be quiet cuz everyone's sleeping but
Deb is bringing the new baby home
what a fun dream
kepco holding her like when she needed
help
you're excited for the new baby sister
mommy's back my big girl hey mister man
right good how would your art class it
was the best thing ever
did you like it yeah you want to go
again yeah well my wish you can shrink
down and cut into a kid and come with me
it would be fun I think I would like it
too
what was your favorite part the playing
the friends the art playing was your
favorite part
there we go in oh this is your first
time right Wow this is my second yeah
your afro
yeah like I hear
so now miss Laura is taking a nap and
Jeremy is taking the big kids and I
attend times with just see Caleb you can
help me make dinner we're going to
struggle and who said that I should take
a nap first you can take a nap roof yeah
so you can get almost feel rich
she's such a sweet boy well I'm excited
we got here before school is out so
public school so it's not busy yet which
is awesome hold on to the side as you
come in
yeah
that's promotion you're getting it good
job that was good I really needed a nap
this afternoon so Caleb came in here and
snuggled right next to me and played on
the iPad while I rested and it was so
nice feel to get a rest we try not to
give the kids a ton of electronics time
but the exception to that is the month
before and the month after I have a new
baby because that's just survival mode
we're just doing what we can to make it
through I'm hoping with some rest I can
get rid of this cold that I've gotten
I'm gonna hear the music of my own I'm
gonna be me okay
great music hey cabbie you want to come
help me make dinner all masks right
doors arrest little baby girl husband
hiccup Church
ice-skating is a good workout but
helping kids try to ice skate is a much
better workout because you have to be
balanced and hold that on there almost
falling
you guys ready to really venture out all
right keep doing it you're skating ah
okay sometimes you fall that's just part
of it
I'm gonna go find Isaac I think I can
get one they're getting magic today you
are doing good I'm proud of you are we
yes
Oh are they okay Caleb whatcha doin well
a whole entire one is it a cucumber
yeah hey sure that way it does a gimme
yeah to go in our seat tonight can't
unsend shoppin just wash you done
awesome
do you know we're eating for dinner
tonight no we're eating chicken noodle
soup that sounded right back Paulo
chicken noodle soup and rolls that's
what we're going to have for dinner
tonight
the job party got it now you're doing
great
ah
okay you're doing a great job so we've
been having a really good time and we're
um eating some bananas with sprinkles
and we're gonna do some stuff did you
just grab the camera yeah did you watch
the vlog yeah I'm around
- which sprinkles you want laughs I'm
going to share them with your nation
witches
scary huh yeah good choice
all right there you go bananas with
sprinkles go sit at the table kiddo well
I think I'd agree we could want to skate
all day are we going to get home I feel
like I don't have shoes on it's
different to walk after having sits on
her exactly put ice skating right you
look right the chicken noodle soup is
done I like to make it with lots of
veggies in it so it's got squash and
zucchini and celery and onions and
carrots and then kind of hearty so
Kendra finally took her temperature and
it's over 100 degrees she's really not
feeling good we're going to end it here
Jay have found Karen during the yellow
challenge the loser gets a bowl of
jell-o dunked on their head
you
