I've been really struggling with anxiety
and they're growing so Kendra's upstairs
talking to a decorator and we're trying
to measure out all of our house to give
them measurements because we're going to
start doing some decorating
the other lesson oh good job Brenda
Michels basement has a lot of fun so
well one of the kids is practicing piano
the other kids are pushing down here
he's close you petting the kitties what
did you find
big one someday I'll let you mow our
lawn every week okay we have a crush one
I'm playing racquetball with my brother
you just mean it was a close game when
we come back and get in this
rekka bolster opponents like this big
bouncy ball game it's game point for me
if I can get this to win
trying to suck back into the game it's
now 14 14 hit sir
whoever gets mixed with
you came back to one worth it well
sometimes it helps me to just get
something done I just to feel productive
and like I'm moving forward and so today
we decided to tackle a small project
together Jeremy's helping me and we are
trying to clean out our freezer not our
deep freezer just a freezer that's in
here and it's been a while since we've
done that so we pulled everything out
Jeremy's been doing all the bending why
not cleaning it all the way out
are you gonna help realize my stresses
no not ready that's okay to make cooking
you're okay look better coming ah freeze
it beeping okay go through this and
clean it up
all right here's the cleaned out freezer
look you can open and close it mmm
so I knew it would help me feel good
inside
to make dinner for my family today and
so I kept it simple we just used crock
pot and we did barbecue chicken there's
some veggies and some potatoes and some
canned fruit but it feels good to sit
down together and do this all right miss
Elise what happened to your glasses um
Laura broke them while we are doing yoga
and they actually broke like they
snapped so here's this side shown the
other side yep it's gone so she still
has to have her glasses and so she's
wearing them like this but everyone's
eye look over her and it's like oh yeah
like whenever I do call it we all make
you saw I know it's a hardship so I
already got online and ordered her new
pair glasses but with shipping it's
going to take a while so we get to enjoy
these lopsided glasses for a while yeah
like I like taking off the glasses cuz
it ain't normal
I don't usually have the flip screen up
so the kids can see themselves but I
have it up right now
Laura did not match today so she's
pretty really crazy no question have you
ever broken your glasses or sunglasses
and we'd love to hear your stories of
how they broke in the comments well our
eggs have been incubating for two weeks
now and so we're going to try candling
them tonight which means that you'd like
hold a special flashlight up to them and
you should see the chicks that are
developing inside so we're excited I'm a
little nervous
I don't really know what to expect last
time we handled them the first time I
didn't see any part that's because they
were just eggs now we're going to see
little chicks inside
kind of like when we go to get an
ultrasound of the baby and we see
mommy's baby inside her tummy what are
we going to see Laura how are we going
to see the little pick Wow and it gives
a little kick as they're growing I think
we might be like a tiny head and stuff I
will see water
okay so scared a little great daddy's
going to hold on really carefully you
can
no pressure babe hi that's okay you guys
I had my first one light is inside of
here you ready let's see
you need a darker good job hey let's
turn up that light
there's a little dark sing in there you
see anything No
you
are we getting that rock okay I see lots
more blood vessels I can't see anything
rotate the egg around I can't I use
blood vessels we do that all or
something there pinky oh no I think the
dark part is the chink yeah we see lots
of blood vessels but it's hard to really
make out what's going on here probably
because we have no idea what we're doing
all right you guys ready for the next
100 don't beak and feathers did you
really
and a body in Italy I say right I see of
it
chicken yeah me too moving and moving
right they're alive and it's a life oh
look at that oh it is our baby girl
moved at the same time as this one needs
to go
we're in disguise this chick see me
hopefully there's more than one of those
alive
we filled up the water chamber and now
we're putting them back in keep those
things incubating we've got eight more
days yes and then we're going to get
little eight more good yep we only have
eight more days then we get baby chicks
all right we can not to date a hatch
they have to dry off and get a little
bit bigger
look they're not just ink how does it
help them you know their egg well
because eggs you're kind of hard but
they have to have a way to crack the egg
well I shared a few days ago over on
Instagram that I've been really
struggling more with anxiety and
depression lately and sometimes it's
hard to share that but it's the real
story what's really going on in my life
right now we've had so much wonderful
stuff happening but all of it has also
been kind of exhausting to me and I
think kind of depleted me a little bit
and so I think I'm just a little bit
burnt out and tired and overwhelmed with
getting ready for a baby in four weeks
and so that discouragement kind of
pushed me into some depression and so I
actually have talked to my doctor about
it and I didn't realize that postpartum
depression is something that can
actually happen even before you have
your baby it's called a peripartum
depression and so this is a new
experience for me I haven't had this
happen before
um it's been hard it's been hard but I'm
doing my best Jeremy I are both really
aware of it he's on my team and we are
working hard to try to help me take care
of myself and get the rest that I need
and I'm trying really hard to be in a
the best place I can emotionally and
taking time to journal getting enough
sleep eating good food like um getting
exercise being out in the sunshine which
is hard with it being the winter time
right now I'm journaling time to read my
scriptures one-on-one time with the kids
like all those kinds of things that kind
of help me feel better I haven't shared
too much about this on the vlog lately
mostly just because
what was happening in our life you know
the girls birthdays and their birthday
parties and so I just kind of working on
myself behind the scenes but anyway I
just wanted to share it with you now all
of us have different challenges that we
go through and I have a beautiful life
and sometimes I feel I guess embarrass
that this is my challenge when I have so
many blessings but anxiety depression
are real things that can happen to
anybody and there are also things that
you know as we get the resources that we
need we can overcome and yes that's my
daily challenge right now that's what
I'm working on so there you go real life
right there oh but this is what I was
going to say is this morning was a
really hard morning for me I just woke
up feeling really discouraged and
depressed so I decided to scrap my to-do
list for the day and instead I wrote a
different one and I tried really hard to
focus on things that would help me
emotionally and that's what I did for
the day so I wrote on the list to
snuggle with each child and so I really
wanted to take a one-on-one moment with
each kid that really is my favorite
times with them and it helps to fill me
out
I also wanted to make homemade dinner
because good food in that time together
as a family always helps me feel better
the last thing on my to-do list is to go
to bed early so I'm going to do that now
goodnight Jay house now ready good we're
going here to get sums up because we
need a bunch of but the bathroom was out
of toilet paper I need toilet paper
