ready so we're going here to get this up
because we need a bunch of but the
bathroom without a toilet paper I need
toilet paper evening again Leah again a
feeling yeah it's a hot and gooey but it
comes down
very slowly good morning I am going
somewhere fun today I'm headed to a home
school mom's encouragement day it's just
a whole day dedicated to remembering why
I'm doing what I'm doing and encouraging
me along that way and there's a luncheon
so if there's food involved it has to be
fun right anyway hopefully Jeremy and
the kids do well at home but apparently
I parked in the wrong parking lot so now
I have quite a bit of a hike to the
exercise of going ok because exercise
out in the cold is good for me right
right I'm going to keep doing this
outside
let's just be what you are out of bitch
funny tailor your child so for the first
time our kids are watching the loft at
Disneyland blog where Caleb got locked
there you publisher for today have you
seen that log it was our Disney day to
let us know in the poem we know well so
the kids we're begging to play outside
riding bikes we haven't done this at all
during the winter I don't think inside
it
I be
god be souping off some of the derrick
please I love it a wonderful feeling to
be surrounded by so many home school mom
you know I can school all day in my dog
not because he's got this awesome toy
for her birthday she's building a
zipline actually the main piece did you
build the pulley mm-hmm all right should
we set up a zipline yep okay you're
ready to see how it does ready
oh yeah
it was actually been preparing for the
shipping game that we play they're
trying to talk yeah we're just cranking
come on second reading let's see it you
know dude you got blood all over your
lip just happens I guess sometimes
so we have something pretty exciting
planned for a trampoline I don't think I
can tell you all the specific details
yet but you'll see coming soon but we
got to move it into place
you guys trying to move it yourselves
skate it oh you guys are getting it
there didn't it all right you guys ready
for my house that was a really cool day
the theme of the conference was finding
hope during times of hopelessness like
practical ways to cope with
discouragement and try to have a renewed
hope for things that are challenging and
overwhelming in our lives and that was
really applicable to me my life right
now I've been struggling as I've shared
with you guys with some of that and it
was a good reminder to me that true hope
comes from being anchored in Christ and
the things that I can do to have more
faith and to anchor more fully to him
and just have more trust anyway I am
headed home now
and I am going to actually be going on a
date night with Jeremy I was thinking
earlier today about how was about a year
ago the German I started doing weekly
date nights and it has made such a
difference I really look forward to this
time with him and you know we haven't
been perfectly consistent we've missed
some weeks but for the most part every
week we go out together and it's made a
big difference in our marriage and one
of the things that the conference had a
whole session on hope in our marriage
and I was just really inspired by that
I'm married to a great guy and we have
struggles and I want to improve and
strengthen our marriage more and there's
things I can do to be a better source of
comfort and help in his life and to
reach out to him more and to anchor
myself more to God and work through some
of my own issues so that I can get out
of my own way in life anyway I'm
rambling and I'm going to drive on Laura
woke up from her nap and we're still
playing outside and having fun
we're together for a day night and we're
headed out to dinner well actually here
we're just waiting for a table and I'm a
little bit nervous I don't know if I'm
going to sit in a booth and there's a
lot of loose fear my stomach doesn't
necessarily always fit missus anymore
that's not very exciting
the bathroom was out of toilet paper she
had to like call for someone who's lost
a brother hey I need toilet paper and
then it's all next to that if they were
to but luckily someone excuse me no
don't worry
my wife she went in for me Britt
shudders and this is the place where one
time we ordered and then both of us went
to the bathroom and they cleared our
plight our table before they brought our
food that was awesome they thought we'd
left yeah but we didn't original every
good date and the target yes it does
every good date and target yes it does
we're going here to get this up because
we need a bunch of bunch of everyday
transit sergeant incident the employee
is in target early come in and call
security we've got a crazy one coming so
we went out to dinner and now we just
have to pick up a few things before we
zone it's pretty cycle we're picking up
something fun for him will show you in a
minute yeah
here they are chef's charity playing
racquetball with my brother it's very
exciting but I broke the ball last time
mostly a little-known fact Jeremy
actually played racquetball in college
he is a collegiate racquetball player
that's right we took third in the nation
done it's right off is it your favorite
sport to play yeah probably
it's really I mean I love football you
just never Angela by 20 you know two
guys who can get together and play a
football game just for fun but
racquetball if you find one other person
you can play racquetball so it's been
fun Jeremy is getting together with his
brother to play racquetball
this time step with me out some stuff
for baby girl and I don't know what kind
of a pacifier I want to use I'm looking
at them so we came in a target for two
things which I got our card so decision
but it's all stuff we needed like we
remembered that we were out of dish soap
and cereal
