when you think what I they she
specifically wanted pink helium balloons
so it's comfortable
Laura's final friend is here go open the
door
the show is going to lead to fit in a
music side you're happy and you know it
dr. Beach oil in the pot and you make it
hot and again to me and right now we're
gonna do something else before we use
our elastic we're gonna tack Jeremy
doing the rocket tip for the song
I think dancing what do you think
pockets on our head and see if we can
stand up and let's see a funny face cub
hey Laura's birthday party this year we
decided to keep it really simple and
just focus on the things that she loves
and she loves music and play-doh so we
put those two things together so it's a
music playdough Laura themed birthday
party you made it better
when you hold don't rectangle part
that's pretty hard I thought it was so
sweet that Laura wanted her big brothers
and sisters to be a part of her party
and so Isaac he we think Caleb are
participating with the kids today and
they're being good sports about it I
think it's real funny that I'm under
here
ready yeah yeah good job
open your pendant you want to open this
one or you are great at unwrapping
present so beautiful it says happy
birthday happy nor would you say you're
just a box and you can too much for what
am I to you
Kylie open Death Valley shoes one
happy
Hey okay you guys want birthday party is
over now this one too we have a clear
winner there you go Laura how do you
like your birthday cake oh yeah like
it's it really simple I just did
store-bought cupcakes and she loves them
you someone you're playing so with Laura
and Elise being so close together in age
my memory from Elise's birthday party
three years ago is contracting all the
way through it Laura wasn't born for
another few days but I contracted the
whole morning of the Lisa's birthday
party every three minutes I'd be like oh
contraction and I Delia frosting
cupcakes Jeremy's like are you okay and
I'm like yes we can make it through the
birthday party and then after the
birthday party the contractions went
away
so there are a few days apart but it's
just a fun memory to think about this
time of year with the girls birthdays
and birthday parties
right now we get around a lot for me
