those Sidon
good morning is it your birthday
what do you see
like that one oh how do you know what's
inside of it you think so you think you
know that I can't believe you're three
you're really three it's really bad oh
you're welcome
thank you guys already my showing the
platelets it's a happy birthday I know
you're gonna use this plate today
yeah do you want put your breakfast
tunnel okay all right so for her
birthday breakfast lawyer requested
cinnamon on scrambled eggs and fruit
we wouldn't want someone like cubby to
get
you can sit right by your head nicotine
no wonder like what is it I like copy
her princesses she has her own little
table over here where she's decided her
presence kill those your presence what
is it it's a frozen puzzle for your
kitchen
you always liked these uh-huh it's a new
shirt yeah and they're size three all
right which one are you in getting it
this one's for me Lise there's lots of
different kinds of this is pink
again this one's up food for you to cut
in your kitchen perfect they can go
right there that's a great spot for it
my favorite thing is that she doesn't
respond to the present until all the
papers off like she sees it and she
finished this tearing off the paper and
then she goes which princess is it yep
just like Sophia you sure can
let me help you put it on
so pretty you need you your hair oh yeah
I just need to curl it yeah I love it
very nice
we're janitor
these are so funny
solo dance she's off the runaway the
dramatic exit Sofia where are you we
need you
you look so minutes guess what we have
one more present for you it's hiding get
it hey sit down right here you close
your eyes a baby stroller sure go get a
baby
there's the baby hey Lauren
you bet ready to go on your birthday
outing let's go
so the kids are playing some game it's a
car where they're racing all the other
cars on the freeway they're really
getting into it it's Disneyland a
traitor's sweaty
so for Laura's birthday outing she
really wanted to go to the playground
but with the weather it's too cold to go
to the playground so I found this
awesome place it's actually a showroom
for a certain brand of playground
equipment and they opened it up during
the days for kids to just come and play
and so the kids are really loving this
they're running so much they're gonna
tire themselves out
good job catching everybody try to dunk
it
we're playing freeze tag ready or not
here I come
I'm sitting here relaxing on this like
porch swing thing and watching Jeremy
play freeze tag all four of our kids he
keeps getting the big kids and then
Laura goes and unfreezes them all and
the kids cheer Laura saved the day and
then it starts over again it's a pretty
good view I have got Chuck
and it's finally about to get all of
them and then you come and save the day
she goes well I'm totally sweaty yeah
skinny Jesus not a good Lord took a good
nap and now the kids and I are working
on school and Laura just woke up so
she's having a little bit of a lunch
you're cutting up your turkey what plate
are you using having a hard time getting
that one I was a big bite big girl huh
what did you say I love you and I think
you're so cute
well thanks Laura I love you too you can
why don't you chew and swallow and then
we'll chat okay Isaac you were an
awesome big brother thank you for
helping her did you get it
birthday she's pretty insane it's really
fun to get this one-on-one time with the
kids I'm really for this tradition at
this rate we're gonna be here forever
she's skipping
did you get one oh good great choice so
Laura doesn't love cakes you Jill needs
the frosting and the ice cream so we got
her an ice cream cake from Dairy Queen
Lauren look at your cake guess what it's
made out of it's made it's made out of
ice cream
little photo super we got the cake here
comes ready here's the number three
marking and how upsy-daisy
I think that works it's birthday cake
time yeah Laura can you say J house out
our top 5 favorite names currently yeah
we want to share with you guys yes
