what do you think it mean to be our top
five favorite names currently yeah you
want to share with you guys
what is this your cake is simply and yet
the flavors comes like such funny but
seriously does my chef de Mille Miglia
like it said chef ginger I love it it's
fantastic talent hey he'll wake up
before the me dig some plain your reader
Laura our little reader or so she thinks
you're a huge reader totally random move
hey Tucker what now is that what it says
I love how much kendra has taught our
kids love book good morning it is cold
out today and the kids and I are headed
to an awesome gym to do some gymnastics
and get some Wiggles and energy out for
about an hour we're going to meet up
with some friends I see a lot of we are
we going yeah I stashed it at gymnastics
nice one buddy did you jump in the pic
yeah good job girl it's not a ball pit
it's a foam pit where it is square pit
okay come on minimus eat fine now
get them
all right
confession time I have not been cooking
meals for my family lately it has been
so hectic since Christmas I feel like we
were traveling there was sickness then
we got home and we've had like birthdays
and just a ton going on and I just
haven't gotten back into that routine of
meal planning and grocery shopping and
all this stuff so I was really honestly
excited and relieved with hellofresh
reached out to us and they are
sponsoring our video today and they are
a meal subscription delivery service
Jeremy nitride hello brush for the first
time back in December and we were so
impressed we immediately decide to get a
gift card from my parents because we
knew they'd love it too so we got one of
these for each of the lira which one's
for tortelloni sounds really good I
wasn't eating sausage okay principle I
have never made a homemade people I've
always been nervous about it just cuz
I've never done it before
hi guys keeping to keep it hold it feel
it this is heavy thank you very rich jet
that's pretty heavy I'll do it this is
nice small access the ground beef that's
what we're needed to make the meatballs
which one to make sagginess name
football you wanna try it
thank you enlarged I like looking down
and then all I can see is belly okay so
this is everything we need hmm
son you keep the onions this is first
firstly maybe the bolder the stock
concentrate two and a half cups of water
and a pinch of salt in a medium pot a
soda
that's dipping chicken stock so now
we're gonna taking steps back we're kind
of in the same time are they kind of
slippery go cry
so that's having onions next little
messy just roll them into a ball and
we'll come right here a good ball gently
you guys are like a meatball Factory
yeah come to our we call thunder and
swinging the same thing every day in
Greece found these and they look like
perfect meatball rubbers yeah so the
kids are watching a show while Jeremy
and I finish up dinner and we're
enjoying this time to talk to each other
and we're actually talking about feeding
it well dinners done and I'm excited to
try it I like to kind of things it says
Middle Eastern spices and Jamie and I
never eat Middle Eastern that look like
a lot of food for uses that's your dad's
place can you find a plate with a more
tail obsesses there we go
I just want to eat are you hungry okay
we've got the bulgur wheat which we've
never had the meatballs which look
overcooked on camera but in real life
are cooked really well for our family
and then the roasted veggies
this isn't right this is going to break
everything together is me
well we'd loved our meal if you're
interested in trying hellofresh
you can go to the link in the
description box and use our promo code
Jay house to get $35 off your first week
of deliverables dad dad good pitter
patter
oh she made it duck
back dad ready and learning typical
stand up all together holding hands
ready one yes daughters we thought it'd
be fun to ask each of the kids what they
think we should name the baby
I want these memories for the memory
books all right miss Laura yes I have a
little sister what do you think we
should name the baby
spy star you can just named her baby
star yeah that's a good idea what other
names ideas do you have fun all right
light maybe Audrey mmm melon I can get
Emily or Sarah or I can't play that word
I like Rachel and already yeah what do
you think we should name the baby here
she is
don't Indiana Jones I think that was
Indiana Jones
okay we'll consider it bye because
they're finally all asleep I think I
hope they're not analogous not usually
sorry works for me no this is okay thank
you I know did you know it's because
it's like a smile its condition or yawn
well I know you guys have been very
interested in what we're going to name
our new baby I'm really interested to we
just haven't decided yet so while these
are our top five names right now that
doesn't mean that this is for sure going
to be
name this is just our top five picks
right now I've been known to change my
mind here they are in no particular
order and these are thinking about our
Julia kami-sama we could rotate okay
then you go next in second well it's on
that order so the second name is Nicole
Audrey
janae or Marie Marie we like really no
I'm Jacqueline it was Melissa Melissa
all right don't let in almost all which
one of those is your favorite remember
to think about how it goes with risk
names in our family I really want you to
think about it yes and that's it for
tonight thanks for watching Jay house
chill out
