good morning guys the girls are doing
some yoga namaste namaste that's the dog
pose get the chaplain right he's playing
in a nutshell right so she's bringing
the Falcons our way
while I'm going to show you and Hot
Wheels
hey Laura can you show them how to wink
oh that's good
you are a great linker can you wink with
the other eye
try it wink with your other eye what do
you plan with what's coming up soon
don't we already had Christmas what's
coming up next your birthday how old are
you going to be how long you're not
going to be seven holiday univee no
three one three three can you show me
three on your fingers that's two that's
to show me three so interesting fact
Elise and Laura we're actually do on the
very same day but their birthdays are
less than a week apart and so we just
celebrated Lisa's birthday and now it's
time for Laura's birthday so we're
gearing up for her birthday and her
birthday party this week and she's so
excited it's going to be really fun
what are you working on I did math would
be learning about math and computer
engineering here temperatures below zero
less than ninety seven this is one of
Caleb's new toys from Christmas and I'm
sitting down with my seven-year-old she
Elise to work on her reading and here
you want to show me reading book yes
here's a pen the parents one and then
there's a workbook so she and I we
really have to do reading one-on-one
together and so that's why the other
kids are all doing other activities
right now so I can have a minute alone
with her
Laura are you linking at me again that's
some good linking Cato can you wink
we've got a family full of amazing
linkers yeah I show me with your other
eye I wonder if there's such a thing as
right and left eyed because I can link
but it's a lot easier for me to wink
with my left eye that is for me to
breathe with my right wink
peace with my right eye wink at me wait
I think you're just closing both your
eyes stay ready just look normal
shake out your face cool okay ready wink
I can see but you look like your eyes
are closed okay wink with the other eye
currently we need to practice winking at
our house a little bit more poll
question is it easier for you to link
with your left eye or your right eye let
us know totally random but I bet you all
are winking right now and that's kind of
funny too picture bottom line which
means your right hand or your left hand
well we are back at piano lessons today
it's been a while since we've had piano
lessons of Christmas and traveling to
California to Disneyland and so we are
here and just as you didn't know our
favorite teacher is aunt Michelle in the
kids'll love it oh you're so hard her
notes off yeah you just got her license
nothing yet
okay what's the first note thanks for
being patient lizard so Jeremy's up from
his office eating lunch with us and I
have to know
wink which is easier for you I think I
remember textures when it comes we are
you right linked or less cleaner fun
doing eyebrows I'm definitely able to
lift this eyebrow but the things just
don't work but I think I week more with
my left
where's my wife you don't know you are
better with you now show me your right
one mister my hands of Superman video
when you wink too hard
how do I give my winger I try try to
make the laser eyes work how do anymore
you got you got to try it harder you got
to really push with your eyes may boy
may our work be building a robot and it
might turn out to be electric oh and I
miss hanging out in the battery I know
exactly where would you put batteries in
so there's like middle places like where
we put stuff and we can put an angle
tool but besides batteries what else
would you need to make it electrical
fire wires where are we forgetting it
now you'd probably need some wires you
know I wouldn't really make be
electrical but it's a fun idea I'd be
more fun if it was electrical okay you
guys got to show it to me okay when
you're done we show it to me yeah sure I
really like you guys are working on this
together
oh you making some repairs
you made the part with the slide and
Susan oh that looks awesome Weezy
alright one definitely starting to nest
and that means wanting to get my house
completely ready and organized and clean
and wonderful to welcome a new baby into
it and today I am tackling my junk
drawer in my bathroom it's actually
Jeremy and I is junk drawer so it's
pretty embarrassing
seriously this is ridiculous and I've
already taken some stuff out
so instead of getting overwhelmed I'm
trying to tackle small projects each day
and this is my small project today but
I'm already overwhelmed all the plug
into those stuff probably most fit if
you get thrown away all right let me
know in the comments below do you have a
junk drawer and is it as messy as this
one well Matt time is over and it's time
for me to get back to mommy and I didn't
finish but I made progress and sometimes
I just have to say you know what I made
progress better it was better now than
it was before and all tackle it again
later there's a lot of baby stuff that
we're needing to get silk
a baby see amazing okay they already
have a swing that all of you use so
she's going to get the exact same one as
everyone else
the jungle-themed one I excited for your
first game we already have stuff with
just being our fifth baby we obviously
have most everything that we need and
we're trying to reuse as much as
possible she's going to be in the same
crib as all of her brothers and sisters
have been she'll use the same swing the
same bouncer but there are a few things
that you have to upgrade kind of nice to
get a few new things for me
no no pick one and a pink stroller for
another car seat that we use with Laura
is expired so when you need to get a new
infant car seat for this new baby girl
and it's so overwhelming that the
technology changes so quickly I'm trying
to figure out the differences between
all of them and what we need we've
always done Graco car seats and so I've
just narrowed down my hunts the Graco's
not spunky not
little ooh well I'm having a hard time
keeping up with Laura she's so excited
to be here with all the babies so I'm
wanting to get a couple new outfits for
her she definitely needs a coming-home
out there and I just haven't found the
right thing yet so much cuteness code
this makes me excited
you
you found a loveseat rocker that's what
we need in our room that way we can both
rock the baby at night Laura rocking my
own chair dad there room for mom crush
the little deepest missus well it's been
fun to see the kids excitement here I
think it's safe to say that we're all
excited for this new baby I am 35 weeks
pregnant
that means the countdown is on there's
only four or five more weeks left until
this baby comes and we're excited CheY
house out today is Elise's seventh
birthday art extravaganza we are going
to have so much fun we're going to get
messy we're going to make edible art
stuff we're going to paint like real
artists it's going to be an awesome day
and we're starting with the messy parts
because that's the most fun
