what the heck whose birthday is it today
no my presence and you're warned but
whose presents are they Lacy's presents
should we get Uli's happy birthday to
you want to say happy birthday to her
Wow well of course
happy birthday the colors are getting so
old all right so we have some breakfast
yeah some birthday breakfast all right
whose birthday is next week
all right so free Lisa's birthday this
morning she wanted breakfast cake my
favorite and then we have hard-boiled
eggs and some the kids are now
spontaneously playing attack dad with
balloons he liked this game BAM all
right this one's from Laura don't rip
her head off dress up dress that fits me
cuz I've been growing out of them so
this one is from the boys Isaac and
Caleb it's uh what is it about thank you
for a new chapter book
to make your own quilt you can make your
own blanket yeah you're gonna make a
quilt and you get to design it and put
it together so you can like put shoots
on it yeah thank you
this one is from grandma and Papa okay
a Disneyland gang it is it's a
Disneyland game look so it goes through
all the places at Disneyland the rides
and the characters and you get to go
through it with a game virtual honey
that game is awesome yeah we thought you
might like it too you're doing so
awesome with Legos you love you one time
you got another also but the other one
was the ice castle this is their regular
castle all right Missy you can go for it
final present it is it's an iced tea set
can we actually put water in this again
Florian here we can't even put like
juice in it oh it is you would see a
party it's fancy it's like a little
party thank you so much I always wanted
a tea party sad when I saw I thought you
are a great mom
well ec has a rough Shore this morning
she has to make her birthday cake yeah
all right you're gonna do it all by
yourself
yeah you are you're seven already you
did I see you've got eggs out and
measuring things and here's our eggs
incubating away Isaac is helping out
doing the dishes thank you buddy and
Caleb is helping out by building some
easels this morning okay dump that egg
on in there perfect
so this year for Lisa's birthday cake I
let her choose the flavor of the cake
the frosting the design she drew a
picture of exactly how she wants it to
be and then she's gonna get to decorate
it and make it so she's excited about it
and I don't have to do anything I think
that's a pretty like win-win situation
mom is still doing the oven part and
dishes the best part of cooking yeah
thanks for doing them though you guys
dancing yeah okay we're playing the ice
by Disneyland game and it is really fun
we're searching for rabbits
so our kids always choose an outing for
their birthday and he least chose
bowling so we're trying a fun news place
so we're the only people in the bowling
alley right now bowling which is awesome
I've never been to bowling alley this
empty before
hey and it's your seventh birthday
it's going yeah good job
I'm a granny bowler
get out of its going
got the spare
well I've never seen this before
Cubby's ball is stuck between the bumper
and the RAM
I just got a strike and I never get
strikes he's a big deal honey good job
but you didn't do it granny style to the
hair blower
right
we got it you're gonna go again it's
your tenth friend police is working on
her new Lego set how's it going great
I just finished like the cake and chairs
can we see it yeah love warm hugs hmm
where's Elsa right here Oh have you
found honor yet nope I think she's in
the pack too we've had a really good
birthday so far with a few minor hiccups
we haven't videoed any of the struggles
of the other kids with the fact that
it's not their birthday today it is hard
for siblings especially younger siblings
to understand that today is somebody
else's birthday not theirs and poor
Laura her birthday is coming up in just
a few days and so we've been telling her
her birthday is coming that's my beeper
I gotta go all right this is step one
mm-hmm looks nice Thanks excited to
build the castle next yeah you finished
stage one so now it's on to stage two
but what do you have to do first oh okay
what are you gonna do to it um decorate
they said it oh really okay so at least
designed her cake yesterday strawberry
cake with strawberry frosting and
strawberries around it so now she's
gonna decorate it
I know what I want to be when I grow up
you do mm-hmm
what do you want I want to be a designer
of cakes and a baker you do amazing at
that can I can eat your cakes
Oh but you have to pay oh dear even your
mom has to pay for him yeah that's the
roof okay you guys I'm so happy you
finally got this thing set up it is so
fun it's not set up perfect yet but we
got it we need to get this seat set up
is coming on our date night tonight it's
a special one-on-one parent date so they
have a jukebox up at the front of the
restaurant and we picked several songs
and they're playing our songs right now
my favorite part was it was like what is
that thing
and I'm like so Jeremy went up to like
teacher whatever player yep they only
had Country options so this is a
faithful son and the next one we picked
is a rascal
and now
they're bringing the saddle yeehaw the
lease is going to come back down to us
what last-minute things to pick up for
Lisa's birthday party tomorrow it is
gonna be amazing I'm so excited
yes so hard like poopy water shopping
tonight to get stuff for her birthday
online on sale
