parenting is so hard all right poopy was
shopping tonight to get stuff for her
birthday
we found one online on sale good morning
we are having a rough morning over here
at our house there have been lots of
tantrums and whining and complaining and
back talking this morning which means
there's been lots of discipline going on
which means I'm exhausted and worn out
already you don't want to let your kids
be rude or walk all over you or get away
with that behavior but you also don't
want to be too harsh you want express
love like Oh
parenting is so hard and it just is so
so so so hard and you just want to love
them and help them in any way you can
but sometimes the best way to love them
and help them is by putting your foot
down saying no like you're not allowed
to behave that way in our home you may I
have a lot of confidence it's going to
turn into an okay day but so far it's
been hard
how did you make that is going on how
did you reach that high
I don't care what's your building I'm
building the same a fan well did it
break hey what's this oh my
so we decided this year to it Elise
designed her own cake so tell me about
what is this
well our eggs are rotating those that
wait for that yep alright so anyway
you're decorating your own cake so
alright what's on the outside there okay
John Barry you want to have strawberries
around the outside you can cross them
like that station like the dish where
the cakes go and see frosting compared
to a strawberry it's what I have every
year strawberry cake
I'm confess old one first
thank you are we gonna set up the real
drums after day do you want to hmm I've
been wanting to for a while that
cigarette what's doing daddy I have to
practice without anything why do we need
to drum foot when you can do this
because it looked at me
so when Isaac was 3 or 4 years old we
got him this drum set it's a little kit
but he got pretty good at it when he was
practicing a lot and the kids beg to set
it up all the time but it's super loud
well Lisa and I are headed out shopping
tonight to get stuff for her birthday
and her birthday party which are both
coming up this weekend yeah my birthday
is coming up some dead my birthday party
looks like that
Tuesday for birthday it's gonna be
awesome usually I go out and get a
shopping done by myself but she wanted
to come something to let her pick out
the streamers and the balloons and the
plates and all that stuff to me all
right Ricci what career streamers do you
want Swiss blue that's a pretty blue I
like it
if they have green here any wanting
green yeah all right green streamers it
is early so get your picks up the part
that we need to fix the toilet and I'm
gonna let Caleb and Isaac chair to
figure it up see how they do
but what about yoga remove chain or
strap from existing flashbacks you guys
got to stick your hands down in there
the Lightning is always poopy water know
when it's in the tank it's not in the
toilet yet this is just a water that's
going to go into a toilet so it's not
dirty you don't want to shake my hand
into air and efficiently toilet water
here because it's more like I'm
notorious it's like tank water yeah it's
not in the toilet yeah I think you got
to do it all right
this we never lose that piece
oh no you have to put your hand in the
toilet you want to pick out a number
seven candle let's just one in doing it
might dress you think so yeah so for
part of me Lisa's birthday party the
girls are going to be decorating mini
cakes so they had to buy mini cake pans
and cake boards and now we have to get
fun stuff to put on the cake ooh that's
pretty
we have four different colors of frost I
agree like purple this is that all right
so that's the old piece now we got to
get the new pieces gotta grab it all
right when we speaking the new piece
yeah Lori you helping oh thanks so how
are attached to this page and it will
crush your sandwich is what yeah
whatever
what is all that good job I turn it back
on the water so we can test it out a few
simple words like that like going up it
will be done
are you getting chopped out all right
you got to get your cake and your
frosting you want okay all right you got
strawberry thank you okay now we need
some strawberry frosting okay
he substitutes the ice cream to go with
her cake tomorrow would you choose okay
strawberry cake with strawberries with
strawberry frosting and strawberry ice
cream
yeah hey min flat screen nice mint
chocolate chip with strawberry alright
cuz we do it oh yeah so we just finished
cleaning up today we're going to go down
and set up the drums
I love the drums our kids always ask the
play but they're super loud and with our
new baby coming just doesn't really work
so Kendra and I decided recently to get
a brand new electric drum set we found
one online on sale we ordered it it's
box in your closet and I mean I need
some help cleaning it up set me up
wow the chickens the chicks they rotated
yes no they were just celebrating with
you guys yeah alright makes me not be
electric one yeah that's what we're
going to do oh no I do not see any
strawberries
maybe we're just too no on spot oh yeah
yeah that was this jewelry that was
scary for a second of course I can't
come Walmart without also getting now
and the other extension so we're rocking
out landed up at the cart being a little
too smart check it out you guys alright
we don't act everything and now we're
trying to follow the instructions and
get the drum set up well unfortunately
bedtime snuck up on us when we have to
get the kids down I'm going to finish
putting it together and they'll get to
come and play with it tomorrow we're all
set for Lisa's birthday tomorrow it's
late I need to go to bed but the house
is clean ish and her birthday breakfast
is ready and I got her presents wrapped
in the balloons blown up and the
streamers on the door and I'm so excited
she is so excited to turn seven tomorrow
and it's going to be an awesome day I
got a bloody nose look at my little boo
through section nice hot Alex and
they're going to live in our house as
our pet for a couple of weeks just
assumes the bed
