I got a prize he knows look at my oh no
we're sexy nice hot Alex and they're
going to live at our house and our pets
for a couple of weeks this will soothe
society good morning we are trying to
get back into our routines you know it's
been Christmas and then our big trip and
then I was at a town and so we're trying
to get back into life hi we wake up in
the morning we do chores we get started
on school right away and so that's what
we're working on today and it's going
okay but what I'm going to show you guys
oh we're going to the library this
morning but we have several overdue
library books that we have to find first
and so we've been hunting and scouring
our house and rejoice being every time
we find one like we're all cheery like
okay there's no one but either way I've
got some overdue library fines today
today it happens but I think we're
loaded up and ready to help well on the
way to the library I decided to stop and
see if I can figure out what part I need
to fix our toilet I have no idea what
I'm doing but hopefully something works
so I brought our broken part with us and
I'm just headed to the plumbing section
and hoping I can find something that
matches or someone who's smarter than me
and no what I need is this right section
I see a toilet we must be getting closer
we sweep /gv thank you hi the toilet is
too high up so we're looking for one of
these that doesn't have crack on it yeah
it doesn't have a crack this is not what
we need an expert in the plumbing aisle
to me right to where we needed to go a
piece they say this is a pretty easy fix
Jeremy and I are not handy people so
hopefully we can figure this out Caleb
you gonna help us
good job put it in the bag manases yes
you may
yes we'll try to get everybody a turn
huh you did it yeah
now excuse me thank you ladies
wow you guys are so helpful
so this morning as part of our family
scripture study we studied joy and we
talked about how joy is a choice and joy
comes from God and so every time we're
getting frustrated today we're like joys
a choice joins a choice we had a dance
party - like liven things up in the
middle of morning when we're all
starting to get grumpy so hopefully we
can learn that like that's a great
principle to learn in life but something
I'm still working on learning and now I
get to try to teach my kids - joy is a
choice differently I'm still library
books them all
so it's had to be aa well we checked out
a bunch of books about our new singing
that we're going to start studying this
afternoon I'm so excited for the kids to
figure out what we're doing and to share
it with all of you tying a new snack
today and I'm a little bit nervous about
it so it is called brownie batter hummus
and I really like hummus but I'm having
a hard time picturing chocolate and
hummus going together but had some
people recommended to me and said it was
really good and I love brownies than
anything chocolate probably better
hummus I don't know about that I always
tell the kids that we love trying new
things so who knows maybe this is going
to be my new favorite thing poll
question of the day do you enjoy trying
new foods I really really do just a
little bit nervous about anyway up here
let us know if you like trying to Fujin
up I will say this I'm not a very
adventurous eater when I'm pregnant when
I'm pregnant
I tend to stick in stuff that I'm used
to
I think it's good I think I like it
there try it again I think it's kind of
like eating chocolate frosting but not
quite next time for the kids yeah what
is that brown get so it is called
brownie batter hummus oh if it didn't
you like it and you put hummus together
with chocolate oh I don't know change
was chocolate does it taste good give it
a try it's cold so that's the only thing
I don't like very good good you like
that what do you think buddy you're
gonna have to try more than that that's
a good one turn it with the apple of my
face better ok produced a graham cracker
for a second I thought that was you why
would I serve you poo even I like I love
being here like it so we are going to be
studying eggs
we are going to learn about eggs and how
animals grow inside of them is it any
lion that kind of a white bird yeah so
we are going to get some chicken eggs
that is what somebody is bringing us
right now is some chicken eggs what do
you think is going to happen very
exciting you know baby it's going to
take a little while but we're going to
do what's called incubate them and then
they are going to hatch and then they'll
be little tiny chicks and they're going
to live in our house as our pets for a
couple of weeks we'll have little
chicken pets but only for a couple weeks
and then we have to send them back to a
farm because we don't have we don't have
a good place for chickens you can pet
them every time inside a fireplace I
don't want Laura to hold it going it
might actually break it's a good concern
what I was really excited are you
feeling more excited now that was a
quick turn over okay so what this lady
is bringing is she's going to bring us
eggs and she's going to bring us what's
called an incubator the incubator keeps
the eggs warm so that then the eggs can
hatch oh I see her she's at the door
right now
she's coming let's do this
hi Philip and that like is the food the
bedding the incubator everything that we
need and our challenge and we also have
a book that you guys can read loves you
we're going to learn all about that this
is going to be awesome we have actual
real-life catchable so we needed a dark
place to candle the eggs so we're coming
downstairs where it's darker right now
what we're doing is we're checking to
make sure there's no cracks in the a
well I see do you see the yolk moving
around yeah yeah yeah well good question
what do you think is the chick the white
part or the yolk yeah well actually it's
the white that are the baby chicks yeah
the yolk is her food source I had no
idea for the yolk is the placenta yes
the egg white becomes a change maybe
eating all of it no seven of them you
guys are gonna pick out seven of them
great we're going to paint you I'll be
Senior Technician
oh don't be scared there are a lot of
fun and they're so cute just like me so
it takes three weeks for them to
incubate Isaac and then we're going to
keep them for two weeks
I'm surprised at how short their in the
age compared to how long it's taking you
to have the baby with me being pregnant
yes
chickens were a lot faster than human
babies human babies take a long time
probably a good thing and how about we
do it there are six people in our family
so it gives you one is YouTube but were
that I have to be how do you know my
boyfriend does what no other so it's
just like with our baby like and I was
very first pregnant we didn't know if it
was a boy or girl it has to develop more
before you can tell it
right can you Caltech employer no
minutes alive no it takes me a little
while I I would not gotten good at that
please chose the cig all right this is
more I was wondering you for one minute
okay did you pick one line between the
orphan greens are so decisive II yo I'm
raising the line I knew I want this one
hello Lee what's wrong with little
people I owe everyone alright hi I'm
going to choose some big one is this one
camera a girl baby girl need in stir
appealing this one usually how many have
on average would be think invaders I've
been having about five to six success
really out of service
wonderful yeah okay not all of these
might have and it's okay thanks Marie
so this program is called hatch the
chicken and it's part of a business
called rent the chicken so we get to
have this experience without actually
having to have the long term
responsibilities of chicks or kind of
farm its temperatures found at 99.5
Fahrenheit this little thing will keep
it at that temperature okay so she's
programming the incubator for 21 days so
that's how long we should happen to
leave eggs hatch so this is the cage and
the feed and a heat lamp and everything
we
when the chicks are born so I checked
out a bunch of books from the library
about chickens and eggs and hares in the
life cycle and what's in that egg and
that when I checked out dang day when I
mean half your mold what's your reading
what's it about half a little dink
it's about egg are we gonna have some
egg are they gonna hatch yeah what's
going to hatch Oh baby
a baby what and they all a baby sister
baby is there a mommy in that book
where's the baby in the mommy all here
right a baby and the mommy
and then oh you have to move that was a
great story
all right well the incubator is pre warm
and so we're supposed to add the egg to
the incubator
I wish candy was so here it's a little
nervous okay that's ready if you mix
seven all right for yours is right here
okay they are in I know you have a nerve
okay good
what's going on with your shoes buddy I
like it let the other one go so high up
all right have fun
yeah bye guys
you look really sweet can I put a
regular jacket on you sure it is warm
enough for the kids to go out and play
for 10 or 15 minutes and they need that
to stay sane and happy and for me to
stay sane in a tree this is fun oh yeah
joy may help you with the scarf why you
just let me go out tonight then okay
wait what did he just make these flaps
down oh wow you don't see the word we
say bum can you take them on there we go
that's more polite okay are you guys you
go out and play Wow
you look ready
well here is Caleb's other light-up shoe
our kids do not seem to be great at
looking for stuff it drives me crazy I
like look with your eyes or something
identified he knows
look at my over cut it open oh we done
now well I did he fell in and hit my
nose how's your chin okay be careful
buddy he's not going with mom I'm ready
for bed already
yeah this little lady's done for the day
Jay house out
well now I'm headed into a counseling
appointment I remember this from my time
and your piano and go
