well now I'm headed into a counseling
appointment I remember that's on my time
and European offer go good morning
I am home with my family the snuggles
this morning we're just still crashing I
know if you're doing of course you can
oh you can do it there you go you got it
team is Laura where are we going
okay what's the doctor going to check
don't press the next-best pay price
number two flora is coming with me to my
doctors and women she's really excited
here's the beauty part me him excited
you put your own shoes on today Wow yes
good job he kiss me the girl's hand well
that was really fun to have Laura with
me for the appointment she did great and
it was so cute to see her when she heard
the baby's heartbeat
she made baby girl she's doing well
she's growing just as she should be her
heartbeats strong and yeah we just are
getting down to the last week we'll see
how many we have left
Thanks excellent good look at you
skipping
very enlightening
many of our first vlog good memories
so we home sorry kids but one day we
they go to a private school with other
homeschoolers and today was their first
day back to school how was your first
day back and you can make music with
your arms because you can blow on
different engine some and if you blow
lighter I'll go lower and if you blow
high let you blow bigger a little higher
and some day if you work hard enough
you'll be a conscious perfect existence
so I got in late last night if you want
how late I got in last night i partially
impact last night then I've had a crazy
busy day and so I just had a minute to
finish unpacking but I'm totally that
type of a personality like I get home
and I immediately unpack and I've been
that way
I think forever cool question when you
go on trips you unhappiest new to go
home I did we used to take us there for
a while let us know up there what
happened my little buddies Oh Jamison
how do you flush it don't you get em
down man you launder that to just play
now that heart broke what don't go well
peace is real came from this yep it
broke up okay crap it did Creek so with
the toilet being recommend deciding do I
just got a home depot and try to find a
replacement partner and call someone who
knows something about this and try to
fix it for now that I'm just sticking my
hand into the toilet water in the back
and lifting it up
that's really not going to be a
long-term solution
working and I'm headed into a counseling
appointment and I'm really looking
forward to it as I told you guys before
I struggle with anxiety and depression
and I also struggle after each baby with
some postpartum depression and so Jeremy
and I talked about it and we decided to
have me do some counseling before this
baby's born and kind of to have that
relationship in place with a counselor
to be ready to help me prepare to deal
with the emotions and also hopefully to
be ready in case I am struggling that I
can have those resources in place and
ready to have that help so I'm actually
really excited I really like this
counselor and I'm excited to be able to
have a safe place to share some my fears
and concerns and hopefully work through
some things I can be healthier
emotionally and happier as a mom and a
wife and a human all right we're going
to try to put together the power wheels
that they got for Christmas we still
haven't put it together yet so it's time
to do it
Oh Brittany we finally got it
flood up okay give it a try
you can raise them you go there go whoa
that was close
good job well we recently added
subtitles to all of our videos and it's
been really exciting to see the
subtitles being translated into so many
different languages I love that YouTube
puts the names of the people who did the
verify translation in the description
box of the video if you speak another
language and you'd be interested in
helping us with that I'll put a link in
the description box and thank you to all
those who thought and it really means a
lot to be able to see some of our videos
that people now can watch that weren't
able to understand them before oh so the
thing I really loved about this Hot
Wheels track is that it would go with
the other hot loads track that we got
before and so they could build it all
together
all right Laura head upstairs it's time
for dinner
collect her together some for some
people for the kids for DNR we have a
babysitter coming country I got hot date
so we were here to see a dog perfect and
we were waiting in line we got the last
ticket and then this boy and this mom
behind there
we're getting sent away and they were so
sad and they like the boy was devastated
they had driven over an hour to be here
and I just gave him our ticket because I
felt so bad for the little boy and he
was so sad good news our date night is
the German air matching pretty much look
at this outfit we have the swing we have
the same little pattern baby boom now my
babies are ill many in what's going
hungry
I'm all excited yeah
so we're down here at the tree near
district and there is an Austrian food
place I kind of been dying to come to
your coke no it's Heidi it's called
green blue now
Kendra spent a summer in Austria one
time and apparently I've forgotten
everything I learned rinoa you may on
aside eat me some lyrics nettle kinder
learn German and almost had a German
miner and that is the top language but
our videos are currently translated in
German
I got some Venus nasaw I'm excited here
we got feet
I got beets and potatoes I remember this
from my time in European Austria
like an apple the flowerless chocolate
people my team and I got your place
apple yumminess the whipped cream isn't
that Greek I kind of like it in
frustrating some of the apples drool
this takes me back I remember learning
on a novel when I was in Austria there
was an older Austrian couple that we
were friends with and we went to their
orchard like an accomplice freezes right
outside in their yard and Kings Hospital
indeed inspected in every room
well that was absolutely delightful I
wanted to go to that restaurant for a
lot of years so it was really fun to be
able to go and it's cool down it's
freezing yeah we're going to get in the
car now so you can see my breasts
that means I'm home because it's gold
would you let the fellow dance
