ah you can see my breasts that means I'm
home because it's gold she want the
seller dance oh so we checked out of our
rental house this morning and we came
down here to Seaport Village it's like a
shopping area it's right next to the
water which is what I was most excited
about it's going to be hard to leave all
this sunshine and pretty weather and go
back to Missouri
I found the place with bath bomb holes
in my weakness I love that bomb can't we
get one so apparently this cupcake place
with a cupcake horse champion that's
cool
lowing these assets today oh is that
your hood cubby those pants they really
go with the Americans like oh is that
your football outfit very intimidating
you two dancing the tiara we're eating
lunch in this delightful
Harbor House restaurant and it's
overlooking the bay is gorgeous to me
they do lots of seafood I'm not here we
have to do person so that's my poll
question for you today you like to let
us know up here so I got a poached pear
and you guys gonna dance together don't
you want this hello dance okay we have
the big sisters dancing
I found him here I have been wanting to
walk along up here the whole time that
we've been here in San Diego and so
excited I found the pier you have to dip
him perfect yeah you know portion of the
day are you more of a beach person or a
mountain person let us know up here the
vault I would have to say that I'm more
of a mountain person but these last
couple times I've been to the beach my
heart might be changing this is amazing
I love being out in nature it's so
rejuvenating there's just something
about this sounds and the feelings of it
I just I love white sand
nature time is also a really good thing
to help me cope with my anxiety and
depression it just shows me that pen I
miss the kids in Jeremy right now it was
so special taking them to the beach they
would love this I want to get the house
totally clean for when Kendra gets on
well this place to be spotless
alright well I'm getting ready to fly
back to Kansas City and be with my
family again I've really enjoyed it just
in a short trip here in San Diego with
my mother-in-law and my sister-in-law's
but it's been amazing the weather it's
been beautiful and just to have that
quiet time has been wonderful if you
remember I actually went to San Diego on
a girls trip just last month in December
it was at the very beginning of the
month but these two trips was with my
family and one was the Jeremy sighs
family and it was a complete coincidence
but they both happen so close in time
and in San Diego
I've never done girls trips before so
this was a new adventure for me and then
both of my families planned them so
close together and at the same location
luckily you can't get a better location
than San Diego and they both did try to
get the girls trip planned before my new
baby came which they thought was super
thoughtful of them so this is my last
trip before baby's from alcohol and I'm
going to stay home and so we have this
whole girl well my flight was delayed
and so I'm saying goodnight the kids on
FaceTime itself answered
you see that you can see my breath that
means I'm home because it's gold so that
also means that my honey is only not too
far away from it is 1:30 a.m. home let
it out let it out
