well it feels a little bit like day job
losing that deerforce moon and good
morning
I look awesome today okay here's the
deal today is a day of unpacking doing
laundry repacking for me and trying to
get the kids and Jeremy settled so that
I can leave so it's kind of hectic the
kids are enjoying singing Christmas
carols for some reason and playing with
all their Christmas toys that they
haven't seen in a couple weeks
here's my breakfast this morning eggs
and veggies it feels good to be able to
make myself a hot breakfast and man I
need to go like wash my mascara my face
our again I look awesome this morning we
all slept in so much it's funny the time
change on this side because it's like
10:30 11 a.m. and the kids are just
waking up and coming out here you woke
up at 10:20 a.m. hello good sleepin yeah
our house is just a disaster zone today
I accidentally spilled a whole box of
Cheerios into our shoe box so I've been
cleaning that up
and we're like unpacking the unpacking
games look we got it on the safe side
just making up some stuff
I am all packed barely in time and ready
to hit off the airport and actually
going on a girls getaway with Jeremy
side of the family so I'm going to be
with my sister-in-law's and my
mother-in-law and I'm really excited but
I'm sad to say goodbye to you be a nice
for dad and safe day okay hey punkin I
love you
so you have fun with Daddy okay should I
brush your hair before you go oh I love
you buddy well it feels a little bit
like a job those being that the airport
today but I'm excited I'm headed out to
San Diego well I made it I am at this
awesome rental house in San Diego with
my mother-in-law my sister-in-law's and
my nieces and I kinda see the beach
we're going whale watching eating good
food visiting this is just loads of fun
ahead tonight we have Alison our cousin
is staying with us and she was helping
out with the kids while I had to finish
up some work and it's now time for bed
you see Hakuna Matata can live no
worries for the rest of your day
it's our problem-free philosophy Hakuna
Matata all right J house down sorry this
vlog was so short with us just getting
home from our Disney trip and kids are
getting ready to leave on another trip
we didn't film a lot but there's some
really exciting things coming up for
tomorrow with Kendra's trip and the kids
just having fun here at home a
recommendation if you enjoyed our Disney
vlogs I would recommend our first
rollercoaster video and it's part of a
whole playlist of first so I'm going to
I card that but you can see some of the
excitement that we had going on there is
just a fun video and a fun playlist
altogether and also just going back to
some of our old stuff today I was
watching some of our videos from two
years ago I guess
well it's fun to see what caleb looks
like as a two-year-old and him talking
in laura and it's getting me exciting
for our baby coming again to see Laura
this says a little baby so you can check
those others well I'll put an eye card
to just one of those random videos from
two years ago that you can take a look
at we really appreciate you watching and
there will be more to come
tomorrow there are no bananas in the
store like there's been a run on the
store and hopefully there is milk and
bread because we don't have any P at
home because we've been traveling for
two weeks
