there are no bananas in the store like
there's going to run on the store and
hopefully there is milk and bread
because we don't have anything at home
to be been traveling for two weeks all
right we load it up we're saying our
goodbyes we love you guys well it is
raining out today I'm glad that we got
to enjoy a sunny day at Disney yesterday
and that we're flying today hey which
way am I going your point three miles
you're turning right for i-5 north
so apparently Kansas City is under a
winter weather advisory
starting tonight which is exactly when
our airplane flies and this must be a
terrible ice storm the last for the next
three days and so I'm really hoping that
everything stays clear with our flight I
wish we just had a big motorcycle with a
roof with the roof and only Beach would
mean m6y do you want a motorcycle
because then we can get so everyone
could drive through the middle and go
faster be like traffic
we actually made it early to the airport
it's kind of cool to feel the sub
heavier here's like a massage play that
would be nice and store going to see
some of the candy I know we're not
getting eating or just looking at
we found a surfing video so that's
keeping Isaac and Caleb entertained for
a bit
faster
door all boarded the boys are sitting
together and the girls are sitting here
and we're all chewing the gum we chew
gum on takeoff and landing when
airplanes come up our ears so that
hopefully we don't get as much of the
pressure build up into your pain as our
people ending them you have library what
do you have watermelon time everywhere a
growing watermelons and red and your bro
speakers right walk call phones are
created every one
yes he does shiny because you're going
it everyone and we we decided to let
Laura try flying Percy hopefully walking
the feet in front of our country the
soleus and will people is impossible
why not
and
like
there's a darky energy
with the Belgian RC
what
Caleb did not want good off the airplane
you want to go somewhere else warm let's
go to Arizona right now can't they ever
lose women
so here we are in the city traffic feels
good to be back home we're really
grateful because the ice storm that
supposed to be hitting Kansas City
didn't have before our plane arrived so
we stopped at the grocery store on our
way home will I stop I'm running in to
get set
there are no bananas in the store like
there's going to run on the store and
hopefully there is milk and bread
because we don't have anything at home
because we've been traveling for two
weeks I got the essentials we will
definitely survive this storm
we'll get a bad one man nigga thank you
why was i fine one way to get handy rah
we're home and it feels so good to be
home I'm glad the kids get to sleep in
their own beds tonight it was a little
bit of a grumpy day I think all of us
were just tired here's the crazy thing
I'm actually leaving on another trip in
13 hours ah
so in the comments below let me know
where you think I'm going and let's you
see my Instagram because then you
already know where I'm going so we'll
see you tomorrow
Jay house out good night
for more around one direction Kayla
brand the other can't find Caleb he's
lost
