so more around one direction Caleb R and
the other and find Caleb his law
Disney's date - it's so wet out here
where we're heading to a special
presence right now
who are we gonna see during breakfast
here are we going to scare y'all are be
an areal restaurant
this breakfast to set up
he simply came for
I think my favorite part of the kids
meeting the princesses was when Maura
complimented Cinderella
so Papa's sister Kay and her husband are
here at Disneyland will say hi we're
really excited to see that item aunt
case spoiling the kids because I know my
aunt and uncle live here in California
and so they drove down to spend the day
with us at Disney and I'm so excited
because we don't get to see them very
often and it's just special for me and
my kids we're in Tomorrowland and the
first ride of the day is the Buzz
Lightyear Astro blaster something like
that
you can be the same community code here
we don't have to be they've done the
number of time
we're coming into the submarine
we're gonna do it yeah maybe we
shouldn't have done this right right
after a big Mexican load of we're really
excited because the weather is so
gorgeous today that the balancers and
family unpack both teams Disneyland as
well so we are going to go meet up with
them and get some flavor and we're
attempting a big
so Jeremy is up with the kids in this
like rope course and lightning
awesomeness and us moms are getting this
bit back and take a little break and
chat a little of the physics for the
rescue
for us gum the more I ran one direction
Caleb ran the other I can't find Caleb
he's luck what happened that one second
when you can't find your child and he
wasn't with my parents he was like man
uncle Leslie we just found him he's just
up there Caleb are you okay yeah daddy's
coming for you oh there's papa we got it
well that was only about 30 seconds for
a minute where I didn't know where he
was but it scares me I'm so grateful
that he was just right there and okay
and it's hard in a crowd of kids is easy
to get separated for months time to say
goodbye to everybody that's always the
worst part all right Isaac wanted to try
a little bit faster of a roller coaster
than the one in toontown so we got a
fast pass for Big Thunder Mountain are
we going on touring around the world are
you gonna take me you know so while I
think any leaves are trying their first
big roller coaster Caleb's going to take
me on storing around the world it was
one of his favorite rides so we're going
on a little stakes again and Laura has
begged to take a little nap the abscissa
laid on the stroller she wanted daddy's
jacket wrapped around herself snuggled
in there so we're on the back one for
this roller coaster in the poll question
for today would you prefer to rather be
on the front of the roller coaster or
the fact there's advantages to both on
the front you get to see what's going on
in the
you have a whiplash effect there's a
little more momentum let's go
oh yeah you're so brave so there were a
lot of rides that were closed while we
were here
they're jungle adventure tour was closed
the Haunted Mansion a grizzly right but
we still have an attack plan I just wish
the kids were glowing in some way we
didn't see Disneyland at night yesterday
and it is magical this is beautiful I
just want to stop at every shop and
admire and explore this we'll go to the
longest lies we waited in a year ago and
until my weight in about 30 minutes we
heard highly recommended that we had to
try the Dole Whip over yeah I think it
was slowed by it again these are the
doughnuts over here it is the best thing
ever it's a pineapple soft surgery so
amazing I like it but I don't like the
plan there's the whole thing's flavored
pineapple plant in this part else you
will just need the matter one
another girl so one of my great memories
of the matterhorn is writing and my dad
laughing its head off during the ride
that's like one of my favorite memories
of Israel why were they laughing because
it's so fun maybe someday you'll look
back and remember me laughing on this
red oh you rat I bet I will it's kind of
a laughing green
we're going to try to end the day with
two fun rides Indiana Jones and Splash
Mountain there's only 50 minutes left
the wooden said it's closed Indiana
Jones just closed they've been having
like a power outage problem or something
I'm bummed
people are like coming back from the
line this is one advantage of coming to
Disney when it's a little bit colder
Splash Mountain has a five minute wait
we're ready for the water getting in
my songs are so you're in the front okay
if you think sure no relative I'm
cursing my eyes and we'll be on you are
good at that
the energy just opened up these need a
such a good job of creating a whole
story in the line and we're just walking
through the line when we walk to nine
point seven miles we're exhausted Jay
Haas now today is the day and we are
headed to Disneyland with our Mickey
Mouse ears
