germy there's cops everyone thought I
can see this I'm so stubborn they were
yelling like get down get down this is
the height or nine cops with their guns
aiming directly at something there was
this immediate fear like you could get
hit with a bullet the weather this
morning is amazing and I know across the
country there's like snow everywhere and
I feel so bad but here in California
today it is gorgeous we're in the 70s
there's sunshine we went on walks and
just fast the beauty this morning now
we're in the car and we are headed to
hang out with some friends
the Ballinger family it's gonna be a
so Jeff and I are both pregnant right
now and that is so exciting to me that
we get to have our cute little bumps
together so yeah she's gonna have a baby
boy and I'm having a baby girl and so
and you're a little ahead of me in pain
town I am but that's okay so we're going
right Okwe there with you awesome will
equal about um so this is her fort
obviously this is our fit and yeah so
you're due in May goodbye yes and I'm
doing March so we're both getting closer
the end is near Uganda March are like
bigger March 3rd oh I know it's really
getting close it's really getting close
and it will likely come in February
because you're early all the time with
the babies I've never actually made it
to a due date so it could be is that
you're a baby I know I thought several
times I'm glad this isn't a leap year
I've already died see it would be fun if
I live here because it could definitely
event I know my baby or maybe it would
be kind of fun but also pretty different
all right Caleb is playing with Jacob
they found the weapons nice get it in
the position you want me to help you out
yeah I do
over here your hisses backyard is fun
so the Ballinger is homeschool their
children as well and we've been really
excited to connect our kids we met the
Bellinger's at VidCon and had so much
fun and so we're glad to finally get to
meet up with our whole family Isaac did
you hear that Jacob got a drum set yeah
we're gonna have to try that out soon
nice good shot so while the kids are
outside the adults are in here I'm just
hanging out Laura fell asleep on the
drive and now she's just cuddling with
me and she never does this anymore so
this is this is precious look at that
little squishy face we're gonna have
another baby but this little girls
always my baby so you guys are making
quesadillas Jacob is a little bit of a
chef I'll leave that one
what what what you trying to get me
he's - it was so fun watching the kids
play together and just getting the chat
and visit purchase also cute impromptu
photo shoots before eating these kids
loved it though
hey there was some contact there
the cran willing he whoa
well dinner was amazing I don't want to
separate but it's about time for us to
learn so I know I know
it's gonna be sad to say goodbye
Oh what are you doing big girl huh he's
putting chapstick on good job you're
doing great we don't wanna get uh-huh no
we want to keep some for later huh
connect guys Jeremy there's cops
everywhere if I can see this I'm scared
but they were yelling like get down down
this is the guy you're 9 cops with their
guns aiming directly at someone we can
just see their legs laying in the middle
of this room
there was this immediate fear like you
could get hit with a whole way I'm in
the bathroom and I hear the sound of
helicopter overhead and I assume they're
going to somewhere else but then it
keeps staying and staying and staying
and I text you're immune like uh is
there a helicopter like literally
landing on top of us then I start
hearing the yelling and screaming to
come out of the bathroom and I peek
through the blinds and there's like
eight or nine cop cars out there and
they've got big like heavy artillery
weapons this is literally right in front
of our rental house like I get scared
so I go and I grab my mom and my dad and
Jeremy oh my god and like we turn off
the lights and I'm like do I need to get
the kids anyway I'm not trying to be
overdramatic it was really scary to me
to be in my house and to hear those
sounds and when I come up to the window
there are eight or nine cops with their
guns aiming directly at some of them we
can just see their legs laying in the
middle of the street I'm just not an LA
girl I don't think I think I'm more of a
Kansas City yeah we're not no Kansas
anymore
anymore but they were yelling like get
down get down this is the cops and I
just know like that yes sirree yeah
scary we feel like we're gonna save part
of town we were walking joke on a word
at this time in 30 minutes yeah not sure
yeah like a night or two ago we're like
we feel safe out here yeah
stay at home the doors are locked I'm
really grateful that we have the cops
here to protect us I'm most grateful
that my kids were asleep well it looks
like the cops are starting to leave
I'm glad we're safe J half so we decided
to come aboard the USS battleship Iowa
