so Laura just said to me mom I know I
have an idea I'm gonna change the whole
world caleb has gotten really good at
getting spiders Laura you got to show
them other spiders that is it alive yeah
it's not even a bug yes yes it is
what is it Caleb like fabric like lint
yeah he got the spider
thank you ripped it apart good morning
well we are here in California for our
second day and it is raining today which
really changes our plans because
everything we were going to do today was
going to be outside so we're kind of
trying to figure out what we're going to
do my parents arrive later this
afternoon so that's definitely a
highlight we're all looking forward to
Jeremy was able to get his work done
this morning Laura napped and the kids
have done all their schoolwork so now
I'm letting them have some electronics
time which is quite the treat the kids
are all plugged in at the moment which
game are you playing donkey I think it's
pronounced geometry dash what's up good
I am I'm on the airplane right now good
job
I guess I'll playing the same game um
well I'm playing the harness level
and them two are playing the easiest
we're grabbing lunch it in an out burger
it's a California classic I went with
animal style a cute little face which
sheeting is better McDonald's or Burger
King or in and out in and out as well
you make motions you like how they make
it for home I don't think there's a
pickle oh maybe there's a tomato
I was a good big bite did you just need
some paper this is why the best places
in Italy it's true I know from
experience
oh alright whole question what is your
favorite fast-food burger place up here
in the pole let us know and we've
learned to take wipes wherever we go is
there castle what is this place
we don't know let's go find out so I
don't think we've ever brought our whole
family out mini golfing before and we
saw this place and wanted to give it a
try it's goofy
well unfortunately they closed the mini
golf because the carpets were wet and
we're bummed about that but I was so
proud of our kids they had a lot of fun
in the arcade even though we didn't give
them one token oh she's coming for one
you can't stop it you remember my
building buddy well the Sun came out and
we decided to just hit a local
playground the kids are so happy
apparently in Kansas City there's a
bunch of snow on ice today and so we're
just enjoying the pretty weather and
time with our mom papa
so when we plan this trip we decided to
take the first couple days and make them
really low-key so we could recover from
jet lag and get our sleep routines in
place and kind of get our bearings and
then bring on the real pilot Disneyland
and everything this is one on me at
Disneyland who um Aurora and Cinderella
and Tinkerbell hey I can see you too go
for it buddy dig good job so because of
the car accident I'm trying to work out
getting a new rental car and it's being
way more challenging than it should be
fun times on hold yeah what do you think
of this thing
is pretty fun ready you got it remember
that Kendra got the chance to go on a
walk with her mom that was something she
wanted to do today get your place on the
boat so Laura just said to me mom I know
I have an idea
I'm gonna change the whole world what
was her idea are you gonna change the
world in this guy
so this is how you make us mean I think
you're trying to make guys to make money
how are you gonna make money with ice
we're gonna give it out to the world I
need 500 tons of freedom see and so
that's gonna make ice yeah and we need
one more you working in the ice factory
to missing baby I dropped some it
happens now hello here now did the
taller ones how long does it take for it
to turn into ice - so is that the fridge
or the freezer do things turn into ice
in the fridge yeah do they do then let's
check and see did the apple turn to ice
or how about the milk no well these can
water can in Corden this is this the
freezer this is the freezer on this side
so how are you gonna get money we're
gonna send it around the world but who
pays you people we give it to micro none
be giving it to the people in this house
hmm like mom you think mom's gonna give
you money for ice well friends were one
day closer to our Disney trip we're
going to Disney on the last two days of
our trip in California so stay tuned
it's coming up soon
poor ladies crying and I just feel so
bad you're just trying to make it
through a day and everything just keeps
coming down on you for all of us in the
guinea oh enjoy your visit well that did
not go well
