so it is Jeremy nice anniversary and we
are off for some alone time to celebrate
and I'm really excited I love that our
anniversary coincides with the new year
because I feel like we really enjoy
taking time to just talk about the new
year and our goals as a couple and
things you want to improve in and relax
we are going to relax
I'll prepare children yeah I think I'm
gonna take a nap or like ten naps yeah
hashtag middle of nowhere we've been
trying for a couple minutes now to open
the door know what it does maybe it has
nothing to do with that
it did yes there we go looks like it
said to raise ashes gotcha we've been
having fun
if niversary czar the fest okay we're
heading out to dinner I'm excited yeah
we're trying to the new
and it's gone not expecting that welcome
right
Oh
so I've always wanted to do this but
never have this is both from our first
I've never eaten at this place
jeez I got steak and chicken lots of
veggies okay full question let us know
if you have done this before what's it
called just a Japanese let us know in
the hall Kenda's gonna catch some shrimp
in her mouth you got it I'm surprised I
got one looks bad on your crew sir is
that a reef hmm good morning
we are officially away well I'm not
officially awake I don't know about this
guy the breakfast closes 9:30 and so I
didn't have to wake up a little
premature so we're headed to the
cooked-to-order breakfast I'm really
excited about this I'm gonna get a
veggie omelet hmm
nothing says vacation like good food so
we're walking down the stairwell and
they found a penny and you know how I
find a penny pick it up all day long
you'll have good luck it was heads up so
we grabbed a penny and then Jeremy
decided he wants to see how far down you
can drop it I only made it down like one
level like half a year to begin oh how
far did you get it some people think you
got to spend a lot of my favorite Amy
all you need is a penny and a stairwell
okay there we go oh so three flights of
stairs is our record how many was it
just one three is the red
what up this is the last one this is for
all the marbles so far jeremy has made
it two flights and my record is 3 when I
went down yeah right let's go find it if
you can't find it there football more
you are victorious
2017 going to be a good year safety
disclaimer do not try this where there
could possibly be anyone underneath you
at all we are alone in this stairwell
it's dangerous to blow when you're on a
travel journey we're going two miles an
hour
yeah so I wanted to come down here to in
June we actually came last night to and
work out a little bit because the
ellipticals last night but today we're
doing the treadmills just walking
Jeremy's being nice and just walking
with me so picked off
yes yes I'm wearing flip-flops we didn't
bring workout clothes and so my choices
are my wedges or my flip-flops I'm not
going to do a treadmill in wedges
because that would just be ridiculous
one of my favorite parts of any time the
German I are able to get away is just
the quiet moments having time to sit in
silence and just think and so Jeremy and
I both just took a minute right now I
was reading my scriptures and journaling
and thinking a lot about what I learned
in 2016 and how I want to take what I
learned and apply it to changes I want
to make in 2017 to help improve my life
to help me become the person that I want
to be and to help our family grow in the
ways that I want us to grow and here I
am saying all these profound things and
Jeremy's over here stretching I loved
writing down what I learned in 2016 and
I was listening to Enya which I used to
listen to growing up and it was just
like euphoric and beautiful I was just
like sitting against my bed listening
and typing and I was more just brain
dumping I wasn't like writing I can be
therapeutic it was therapeutic I need to
do that more - guys journal poll
question how many polls that we've done
today
poll question have you do journal let us
know the poll but more importantly do
you call any Enya or Anya I swear it's
Anya yeah yeah the musician and I
overdosed on that in the 90s I can't
even listen to it no I haven't listened
for like ten years literally and I just
listened to it and I was in India heaven
it's definitely hear me show him your
new toothbrush he's loving it guys he is
such a nerd I love it do you think the
battery might be boiled we're eating
again we're at Panera
and I got this awesome salad and I got
some soup I had way too much for
breakfast so we almost never go to
movies and I'm so excited we're gonna do
a movie today so when we say almost
never we go meeting once or twice a year
and so this is a special treat for us
we'd never think of this kind of a
theater before it
so we're going to Brazilians next night
so we've been to a Brazilian steakhouse
once before here in Kansas City and it
caught on fire while we were there so
hopefully this will go slow better
chuckles thanks what another fall
question I need more questions have we
done today about another poll question
how do you like your mug that I
personally like my medium well I'm
talking about like steaks and burgers
and stuff Jeremy actually also likes
whisking it well but let us know up here
in the poll how you like your sentence
every good date night and shopping and
today Jeremy and I got luggage for the
trip to hos Oh miss Laura what's your
goal for this year I like to play
outside Oh her New Year's resolution is
to play outside
