it's 2017 we're going up we arguing at
Disneyland this year yeah it's weird
that last year we knew you're going this
year so in my family with my brothers
and sisters we exchange gifts but we
just have one family that we buy a gift
for each Christmas and so I got a gift
for my younger brother and his family
this year and my older sister got us a
gift and it's this Cup speed stacking
game and it just came in the mail and we
just got it out this morning and the
kids are loving it it is just really fun
because everybody at different ages can
use it I'm excited for Jeremy and I to
get a try because let's get get pretty
competitive all right Isaac show us how
it's done
it never goes right when I'm videoing
how do you want Reagan good job well way
to go do you like this game yeah what's
the hardest part and sometimes it balls
that is hardened all right mr. Caleb
show us how it's done
is that meat right there you go
the chat well we're headed to church
right now and I'm so excited to start
the new year off with going to church
and talking about goals and how we want
to improve our lives I'm a sucker for
all that kind of stuff but before then
Jeremy who told me that when he was
editing the video yesterday he realized
that he and I both forgot to share our
favorite parts of 2016 so we talked
about yesterday we just wrapped a video
it anyway something that I like when I
look back on 2016 there were so many
great moments I mean obviously it was a
highlight to find out that we're
pregnant and we're having a new baby I
said definitely says permanent and
grateful and emotional we're pregnant
we're gonna have a baby
it's pick you guys that's a baby
another really fantastic moment for me
was when we went on our family trip to
st. Louis and we were running through
the rain to go into Fitz's root beer and
there were just so many little moments
on that trip that we're just really fun
to me how about you did
so as the holidays in we get ready for
birthday season and our family we do we
have the rebirth days coming up in the
next couple weeks and
I was thinking about those like all of
the kids birthdays were really a
highlight for me today is Isaac's
birthday my little hero and he wanted to
pay for the order of the person behind
us as we go to the garage
yep a trampoline
we're going to get them all dolled up
like they're getting makeovers and we're
going to be cooking and this is a happy
day at our house ooh fancy oh yeah he
did
I love you too bender Esther to make a
silly face this is what we got Oh
closer Eddie no hard and we're mostly on
time to Trish day so hey it's a new year
fresh start
thanks for holding the door leafy thanks
rising guitar buddy every year around
New Year's we talk about New Year's
resolutions with the kids and it's
always fun to hear what their goals are
to try to help them achieve them what
some resolution what is a New Year's
resolution news resolution is a goal
it's something new or think about like
what do you want to change in 2017 what
do you want to learn how do you want to
progress as a person and then you set a
goal to help you accomplish that
yeah pretty cool huh all right what's
your new year's resolution um I want to
be my mom and dad better and I want to
play the piano better and I wanna or how
to ride a bike with no training wheels
miss Laura what's your goal for this
year I like to play outside Oh her New
Year's resolution is to play outside I
have a couple New Year's resolutions for
Laura thank you
no more pacifier and fully potty-trained
you're gonna be fully potty-trained this
year so one of my resolutions is I want
to not overreact so much a lot of times
as a parent we're stressed and exhausted
and I tend to overreact and I want to
just be more patient and kind with my
children my okay you can drag pervert so
I have a lot of goals and thoughts going
through my mind for the new year's
resolutions but I think the main one is
that I want to start each morning with
prayer and I think so often you know I
wake up and I just start going and I'm
you know taking care of the kids or
doing other stuff or I'm checking my
phone and checking my updates and I I
want to be praying first and I think
that will help me in a lot of areas of
my life I want to start to read my
scriptures every day I wanna get better
at hmm I'll make it better at building I
wanna get more tools I'll get better at
fixing stuff
I wanna you're gonna start kindergarten
this year do you realize that you are
gonna have a fifth birth that you're
really five years older unique
kindergarten have it you're gonna be an
amazing reader
I know learn how to swim with no
floaties
I think you can do that and yeah hi Pat
shall we begin
what you doing with the chairs oh good
thing never get too much deep fixing sit
fixed oh yeah I notice your belt is
undone and that reminds me just a second
ago we were getting dinner ready and
Caleb yells out What did he say yeah
nobody touch my work I gotta go potty
and he said it like such an adult until
he Deli - did he said it like such an
adult until I use the word potty look
how cute everybody is oh this is a happy
moment I just got out of bed she could
took like a 50-minute hour nap
it was like where am I what's going on
so one of my family traditions is to
have a nice family dinner on Christmas
Day and we never got to have that
because we were all safe so we are
having a nice New Year's Day dinner so
we're having roast and lots of veggies
and I've got some whole-wheat toast and
the rest of the family's got easy yummy
yummy rolls that I'm not missing eating
at all - New Year's resolutions
here we go where's mom oh I don't have
any cheers cheers Cheers
Laurens back there eating beef when your
four-year-old leaves his power tools out
for the two-year-old
well our family New Year's Day
traditions are really just talking about
resolution than eating good food so we'd
love to hear in the comments below what
fun new year's traditions you have and
for a poll today we want to hear if you
set a new year's resolution let us know
up here and then
feel free to tell us what your new
year's resolution is I know but you can
do it
