the last family present you got to go
into the boys room while we pull it out
it is time for our Christmas redo we
didn't get to open presents on Christmas
Day because everybody was sick and so we
are going to dive into these presents
and I'm so excited for the kids to see
what they got he's excited open presents
yeah all right here's your first present
it's from mommy and daddy what Mikey or
the tiara
hey oh oh a favorite shirt you like it
it has hearts on it huh oh here's zero
and you like that paper what oh yeah
this is like she just tossed over the
dress inches like
yeah so this is makeup is it really is
for you mom is it real it's real
playmaker
you're welcome - girls you're especially
you excited yeah there's nobody boy
that's from mommy and daddy look at all
these things you can build with that you
see that waiting for this one like
really go say like me I always wanted
this kind of Lego set and you like it
these are real makeup brushes real
mm-hmm that's how I actually do it all
right guys this is from granny Jo and
it's your awesome Oh
spider-man so it's a wicked jacket yeah
to keep you warm
thank you so much Alan cool deal so this
year we decided to do a couple family
presents for all the kids together this
is one of them okay ready set go
are you excited about this is what is it
they label it is it's a kid's table and
chairs but we are gonna have to put it
together we need a builder wait we're
getting some that are way back there
thanks for going back there all right
you guys these are from Papa and Grandma
see what's inside the box yeah you think
so last time she guest underwear yes
this time she gets pajamas
beautiful their pots and pans so Caleb
it's a car that you get to build and
then take it apart and build it again
really yeah just take it yeah we could
come with a little screwdriver what is
it called the football guys I think
here's another family present you guys
ready set
it's not a paper airplane yeah like a
basketball game thank you so much you're
welcome I thought you might like it
oh okay these are our last presents it's
a singing it's a microphone so you can
sing yes you can sing together with
other people oh yeah yeah Laura yeah we
can put in all the Disney princess songs
into here and you can sing it down
Cermak don't turn back now though here
is that what it has on there I think
you're gonna love this
our little performer
it's a drill it is it's a remote control
there's two of them it's a game that you
play with them oh yeah yeah bumper cars
it is it's remote-control bumper cars
thank you you're welcome
I wanted a most useful car you did and
you got it this is right here the
coolest praising the kids get excited
about each other's presents cuz they
know they're gonna get a turn to play
with them yep it's motorized it shoots
him yeah right this is from June
the box I see something I love is back
bombs I want that ball and here's some
pasta for my face and this is a robe a
robe and this is for my bathtub so I can
relax my bed Oh bat
yeah me too it says gotta have it
pomegranate I wonder what smells like a
I'll smell it mmm
can we only take one this smell I like
the smell it smells really good thank
you no we're gonna save it come on his
bathtub an electric toothbrush it is
some sort of an app that tells you like
how good your brushing yeah it tells you
how long your brushing what zones you're
missing like it actually keeps track of
where you're brushing and so I will tell
you how to improve
it's a smart brush okay you guys for the
last family present you got to go into
the boys room while we pull it out go
ahead go back there okay you can come
this is like a real mini kitchen those
pots and pans are gonna be great maybe
we could play house like twist those
stuff and then we're going to have that
new table and chairs two stairs play
house with me visiting you know I think
we hear make like a village downstairs
yeah
hello miss Lora do you hear the
microphone I think you're a ejected
you're rejected are you a little bit
nervous
what do you think of the remote-control
cars I can understand they kind of run
around oh man would you oh holy cow do
it again well three of the kids were
sick yesterday and then Elise was sick
this morning and was finally feeling
better this afternoon and I'm so glad
that we waited to open presents until
everybody was feeling better because now
everyone is loving getting out their
presents and just enjoying them so the
way these instructions are set up is you
have to lay everything out right first
and then you begin building so Isaac is
having me put everything in the right
order organize it yeah
all right step one I need two nines and
2 12 and 3/4 tunes this is going to be
fun we put one part in wrong and then we
have to go and figure out what we did
wrong and try to fix it
sorry Melvin I'm not going to foreign
one SportsCenter oh now your news dad
I'm just talking to you I'm talking to
you just let me I'm talking to you I'm
talking to you just look don't let me
down
I love your music buddy kind of reminds
me of twenty one pilots at least this is
so cool
you did such a good job building Isaac
destroys me oh thank you
it looks so nice yeah it's beautiful
hope don't forget my thumb oh the other
hand other hand you're gonna do Lucy's
nails - yep I'm gangin your nose
after mom's okay okay we're gonna do
cubbies nails too
just let me stir it I'm gonna be your
life I'm gonna be your life or Colorado
or Connecticut or oh well traditionally
we do a nice sit-down Christmas dinner
with a tablecloth and ham and potatoes
and green beans and cheese ball and just
make it really fancy and fun and nobody
in our family was feeling up to that
this year so um we had chicken noodle
soup and crackers for dinner but we're
starting to feel better so there's hope
that we're going to get all the way
better and we'll do a nice fancy dinner
another day maybe for like New Year's
I'm excited to grab the rest of the
presents we have another day Jay house
out okay look awesome well Laura just
threw up all over the living room and I
think that's about does us in for the
day we are officially postponing
Christmas
