you have a humongous lip
good morning I am headed off to an early
morning doctor's appointment and it is
not a fun one it's called a three-hour
glucose test and I have to take this
test because I failed
a 1-hour glucose test so what they're
checking me for is for gestational
diabetes it's not a fun test you have to
get like four different blood draws you
have to sit in the office for three
hours hence the name three-hour glucose
test and you have to fast beforehand and
drink this nasty drink and it makes me
feel just like woozy like the whole time
just like right now I feel like I'm
gonna just like pass out or throw up or
something it's not fun but I'm going to
get through it so wish me luck
so I'm watching the kids this morning
and Caleb fell and hit his lip really
hard it's huge and it was blue already
are you doing buddy good can we see the
lip humongous yeah he's looking at it in
the camera you have a humongous lip oh
my God look at oh my goodness buddy okay
that is not so this reminds me of a time
when I was a kid I was running and I hit
my eye right on a coffee table you were
told about did I tell them about it
yes okay and my I got so swollen that
you couldn't see my eyeball and it
started turning colors and I remember
just going into the bathroom and
laughing with my brothers forever about
how funny it looked
I like Caleb got hurt often when I was
younger I had to learn lessons the hard
way I'm a very conservative person now
in comparison um I've had this happen
before
yeah do you think that you'll learn to
be a little much right flip under couch
over there yeah can not the kind of
thing I wanted to happen while I was
watching the kids well I'm done I'm glad
that that's over the first hour - I felt
really really sick I'm getting a little
bit better now but I'm hungry I'm
excited to eat something
anyway because it's so close to
Christmas is going to take longer to get
my results back so I won't know until
next week whether or not I have
gestational diabetes it's all good
either way but it'll be less of a hassle
if I don't have it so fingers crossed so
every year during the holidays we do a
talent show here at a nursing home and
it's just a good opportunity to meet
people in the community and share some
talent
how's your lip peel same let's look at
it buddy buddy that looks like it hurts
so bad oh well no matter how clean our
house is yesterday it seems to always
need to be cleaned again today so that's
what we're doing because we have a big
Christmas party my lip is feeling a
little bad
let's see it is it it's a little shorter
it's not quite as big but it's getting
purple and blue yeah Polar Express
Oh Lord the conductor cried out I ran
huntin well he said are you coming we're
at us why did the North Pole of course
was his answer this is the Polar Express
he stood holding the bow high above him
and called out the first gift of
Christmas so the Polar Express has one
of my favorite Christmas songs it's
really adorable let us know in the
comments what your favorite Christmas
song is I like this song too do you have
another favorite Christmas song if you
had to pick one Oh Sara at night say
that night I like the First Noel silent
night in the First Noel and
why do the not all cars
this is all Express
you gonna sing and dance and bring it to
the kids yeah I'm gonna leap and jump on
the table too I expect backflips here we
go
all right as you can see hot chocolate
and ice we decided to take a break from
the movie to view hot chocolate
ourselves Hey technically it's warm
chocolate because when it's hot
chocolates it's too hot for the kids
hey we got Caleb uh straw because his
lip hurt to drink out of it does that
feel better buddy I did like your warm
chocolate good one and the cookies mmm
mmm so Kendra you missed it we were
saying what our favorite Christmas songs
were gave a perfect Christmas song I
love o come all ye faithful and I also
really love Jingle Bell Rock for some
reason yeah Jimbo Rock that's the only
part I know this song yeah so if I'm
singing in church my favorite Christmas
hymn is the First Noel because the bass
part is amazing
and sometimes I sing it on the toilet I
love the Christmas song that sung by
Mary um I can't think of it breath of
heaven that's the name of it that's a
good song breath of heaven all right
well we're finishing the movie Jay house
out he's so sad to see them go
5:46 he lives pretty much a rapping
professional
