where the father and mother I'm the
oldest you'd a little baby look you're
the mom which means I'm the dad awesome
what do you guys do as a family besides
just sit and snuggle do you guys do
chores no all we do is just lay down and
act like it's bedtime
sometimes I glad to meet blessing that's
all he really does leg eat ray eat all
of us do i but I bet your family could
could get some chores done like maybe
you could do dishes they don't ever have
well I'm going to invite you into my
house to live here and to do the chores
thank you well we're so grateful some of
our neighbors came over and started
shoveling our driveway and they did
almost all of it before I was able to
get out to help I'm really happy about
that and embarrassed so thank you I love
it
be careful she's so careful buddy
I know but if you hit your face it will
not be fun you okay all right
I just dropped my phone in the snow and
found it immediately very grateful
because it was about 20 feet away from
me when I lost it
you okay phone
Oh
well this morning I snuck a few minutes
on the computer to finish up some
Christmas shopping I think there's only
one or two things I need from a local
store and besides that I'm mostly done
which is exciting and kind of lame
because I was trying to get my Christmas
shopping done before Thanksgiving and
clearly I missed that by a mile like I'm
barely getting it done before Christmas
this is cutting it really close next
year I think I need to set my goal
earlier like maybe I'll try to get my
Christmas shopping done before Halloween
or before school starts or I should just
start now so I went to shake the salsa
and the lid wasn't screwed on have you
ever done that before I remember one
time I did that with a whole thing of
orange juice and I went to shape the
orange juice and the lid wasn't on and
it got all over me I was completely
covered and I had like a suit on yes and
I got covered in orange juice hey Caleb
what are you making
are you reading the instructions
two cups a brown sugar I see it second
1/2 cups brown sugar so I love sugar
cookies is probably my all-time favorite
treat and my favorite sugar cookie
recipe is this sugar cookie recipe it's
a homemade brown sugar cookie recipe
it's just amazing
good job Kayla
if you turn it up too high oh go yeah
everywhere yeah
all right we're here at IKEA again we
came in before to pick up something and
I left my wallet
have you been dying for let us know in
the poll question so we were going to
just pick something up but it's too fun
to just walk through IKEA there's so
many fun things to see and to look
good job good job miss Elise hey that's
impressive turn to the Snowman hey sugar
you want it push hard push hard good job
then you lift it up what did you make we
bake it ah moaning yet now we're going
to put it there it's got a cook yeah now
we got to rotate it so it doesn't get
too skinny
yeah we'll move it no let's move it
he's managing us move it so this is
Isaac's dresser currently we've just
been using this like Tupperware dresser
and then here's what caleb has been
using so we decided it was finally time
to get a real dresser for them
helping build
so this afternoon while we were waiting
for the cookies to cool down so we could
decorate them the kids and my mom and I
played with story cards I don't know if
you guys have seen him before my friend
has a company hide the wild and she sent
these to us and she has a nativity set
and just a regular set and it was so fun
the creative stories that the kids in us
were able to come up with and we're just
laughing and having a good time I love
games that bring families together so if
you're interested you can check out her
Instagram and her Etsy and I'll put that
link in the description box below and I
gotta go cuz something bacon one time a
king lived in a castle that note that he
didn't let anyone ever go to it and the
king was a for Mingo oh he was very mean
and his name was Albert Albert the
wicked King Albert the Flamingo and his
castle was very unique because it was on
an island all by itself and there was no
one around but he was a very mean King
even though no one was there and the
Knights were jumping on pogo sticks and
they were looking for bad guys and
pirates and they won me and all right
leacy which shape did you want can't
Caleb boys learn it before meant good
one I need that star which we even in
Lima sorry I'm such a good job the
circle oh great choice miss Laura
I apparently wanted a lot of sprinkles
on my tree look at the star
got enough sprinkles buddy
trying to give it some texture like a
Christmas tree very nice so some day I
dream of doing really fancy elaborate
sugar cookie decoration designs with my
kids but we're still in the years where
we just like frosting and sprinkles on
it call it good sprinkles all over the
floor - that's an important element and
luckily the kids remembered that that's
an important part of this experience
sugar cookies taste good even though
they don't look good now you think so
what makes them taste good fasting I
love frosting broccoli
I tried we got much wrinkles Angela I
like this maybe we'll do a bath maybe
alright so we didn't finish putting
together the dresser but we got close so
we're gonna continue working on it and
we'll get it finished tomorrow right
buddy
well I would think so I think I'll get
it done tonight good night Jay how sad
Jeremy's singing in the bathroom but
he's on the toilet you guys have got to
hear this
