I was hiding the first clue to your
Christmas treasure
what are you guys doing um he's singing
and then I'm playing alright you keep
singing good morning Laura is sick this
morning she started getting a fever last
night we put her to bed and I was
hopeful that it was just a fluke and
she'd wake up healthy this morning but
she's not she still has a fever I
actually just took it and it's a hundred
and two point seven so we're going to
spend the day letting her snuggle on the
couch and watch movies and praying that
none of the rest of us get sick and yeah
we do have a surprise for this afternoon
so it should be fun
my head hurts away I am different yeah
your waist or your tummy are you having
a sippy of milk and snuggling on the
couch love you big girl oh you can be
ready for some nap soon No
Isaac's doing a school what are you
learning in math today improper
fractions
oh so in the wintertime especially on
super cold days we like to take our
blankets and put them in the dryer and
warm em up so we're all super cozy under
here right now mommy did two eggs and a
half pound of flour so she could make
pancakes for supper but who could she
send the market so we've told the kids
that we have a Christmas surprise for
them well why do you have a life you're
what a paper in a microwave won't even
up and you're not my yeah see I was
hiding the first clue to your Christmas
treasure all right here is one you you
your clue hides under this why
how did they hide something in here what
the how did you guys do that we're a
queue
ah
the bank mr. B in orange garage is it
the reason pressure is very close
all right it's project time the kids are
building electrical circuits using
batteries aluminum oil and cut up
Christmas lights so we got a wire
stripper and Caleb it's really cool it
doesn't cut all the way through it just
cuts through the outside part I know
love are you stripping that wire ha he
did it whoo that's what we're doing you
just built a circuit yeah but now we're
gonna make a bigger
so anytime our kids are working with
electric circuits I think that to my
childhood we have this one house we
lived in where you could touch a part of
the oven and then if you touch metal
somewhere else a little electric current
would flow through your body
this isn't recommended to try anywhere
at them but we would get a bunch of
people to hold hands and get it to flow
through all of us
your nickname traffic it was adventurous
hey I think I think yeah when what's
tested switches on all right
electricity is running all through this
old friend all right I mean it just it
he did it perfect this also reminds me
of last time papa was here we used a
clothes hanger to control the garage
yeah where there's gotta be a break in
the circuit
there's that'll be a break mr. Kent
where's the bike so there was a piece of
tape that was under the wiring so that's
why it wouldn't work so that it has to
touch directly to this tape up the
battery back on and let's check it and
see huh
blue and yellow and green and be nice
overall so this is an idea that I found
on Pinterest and you never know if those
things are gonna work or not so I was
really excited with that first light lit
up and my kids this is actually gonna
work this is really fun now Papa's
playing with some of the kids and
Grandma is making dessert and I'm making
dinner and Lisi is a force in the
kitchen wanting to help us they are
working on Christmas rookies I think
you're a very good good little cook and
I'm making a meal that I haven't made
any years it's um what is it called
green chile pork burrito enchiladas of
Awesomeness I don't know it's good I
don't know why I haven't made it into
one Caleb what are you making brownies
I'm gonna hey are you he's great at eggs
you are very good at egg put it in there
let's see you dump it in cubby laura is
helping put on the final touches of
Christmas sprinkles are you helping
grandma melon o'licious that looks great
excited to eat it my parents and I snuck
out to Walmart to stock up on a few
essentials because they say that a storm
is coming it's gonna be super cold and
we might be getting some kills
so we want to make sure we had milk and
eggs and you know all the basics Oh cold
winter's night that was so deep
good night to yourself want to go
caroling and iger off three shots I'm
getting one in each arm and one in my
bum I need to call 9-1-1 is this a pizza
parlor
