check out my double chin so anxiety and
depression and the holidays she puts one
on
I'm getting this fixed just for the
girls
thank you and I have to bring this to my
workshop that's it
so your lipstick stuff you need to do
this morning eat
it's funny that as we think of Christmas
presents that often our kids are mostly
retained by a box and some balls wow
I've got the whole crew here you guys
must be excited for a snack
yeah popcorn do you love Papa just with
the on button
let me turn it on Rashard cubby will
this reminded me of a homeschool day we
did a while ago all about popcorn not
learning about why it pops and studying
it and all I don't remember which video
that is but I'll have Jeremy find it and
link it because it was really fun all
right kiddos what do you think we should
do with the popcorn okay we're not going
to eat it we are going to eat rich yeah
we're gonna so popcorn garland and you
might get to sneak and eat a couple so
you take a needle and you put it through
the popcorn then you pull the popcorn
this is kind of weird it is kind of
different all the ways it oops
you gotta get a bigger bowl
I gotta get a bigger not what I meant
I've got a gap in my mouth I'll try
snowing popcorn
sure okay I'll do that
this calls me good job miss Elise looks
good this is my second one
oh they're looking good buddy hey that
looks fun all right there it is it is up
there akela put it up there hey you
hello hey everybody step back let's see
what it looks like yeah do you guys want
to make some more yeah yeah turned out
pretty good yeah I like it
well I'm glad we put a blanket down huh
so what are you guys doing did you guys
pack up some of my food into bags and
now you're pretending you're shopping
awesome are you taking those to your
house so Caleb and Laura got stuff and
put it in these bag another playing
house how's your baby Laura
whoa whoa so I'm having a lot of fun
creating these little Christmas tree
lunches for the kids and Lacey's like
just loving watching me and asking all
these questions and then she all centers
me goes mom those don't really look like
Christmas trees it's okay though it's
funny no no not only look like
Christmassy trees but they kind of do
because the black stuff look like eyes
yeah yeah I cut one banana star for each
of the kids and then I was like mmm
ain't nobody got time for that but so
they're each getting one banana star but
I hope the kids are gonna actually like
it but I had fun this was like food art
I don't know banana and guacamole is
like a perfect combo maybe not all like
avocados by honestly don't know if they
like guacamole
hey lunch time wait y'all guys will get
all my groceries in bring them back in
here
yes we got to go
those stores are so how do you cut it
them out
it's good so I'm making presents and
getting it to people this one's for
daddy present how about after dinner
tonight we open our presents perfect
don't open it
check out my double chin I was just
getting ready to film something and so I
was looking down at the camera and I'm
like oh my goodness butter white but
bubble curtain okay enough about my
double chin I just always thought the
camera up and so this is like a weird
angle and not very flattering
so anxiety and depression and the
holidays that has been on my mind a
little bit lately because I've been
struggling and I think I'm understanding
more of why I start to struggle so you
know I get stressed there's a lot to do
I get overwhelmed I feel like I can't do
everything that's in front of me I start
you know working hard or staying up
later and then I get more tired then I
get more anxious and just anyway pretty
soon my anxiety falls into depression
and discouragement that I really can't
do what's ahead of me and I'm failing or
you know then you're dealing with a
stressed overwhelmed anxious depressed
mom who is trying to have these magical
moments of their kids and I end up
snapping at them you know I'm like eight
seven eight and then I'm like what is
the point of these happy family memories
so anyway I decided to Google anxiety
and depression during the holidays and
there were so many hits like 11 million
hits on this and so I know I'm not alone
I think it's a time of year when you
know a lot of us see our expectations
versus our reality as very different and
it's easy to get overwhelmed and tired I
also read an article that said that a
moms
load doubles over the holidays and I
think that is completely true in fact it
might triple or quadruple or it might
just feel that way because I'm pregnant
and I'm extra tired so anyway the way
I'm trying to cope is to simplify and
focus on what matters most like what my
kids really want for Christmas most is
to have a happy home like they don't
want a mom that's grumpy and tired and
so I just have to simplify and simplify
and simplify until what is on my plate
is what I can emotionally and physically
handle and so you know it's trying to
focus on what the most important things
are to me during this season and what
the most important things are to my
family and what I'm trying to teach my
children and try to let go of everything
else but I just wanted you to know that
if you're struggling with any stress or
anxiety or depression at the holidays I
really think that a degree of that is
normal and and we can all try to pull
through it good job one you got it go go
we are making gingerbread houses this
afternoon and we're making them from a
kit I've never done that before but I'm
excited about it because it looks simple
and easy I've usually done the graham
cracker houses I've never done like real
made by ourselves
gingerbread so poll question do you make
gingerbread houses with your family and
how do you do it do do with graham
crackers do you do it with the little
packages you can buy or do you make
homemade gingerbread
all right here are the before of the
gingerbread houses they're all still
standing so I consider that a personal
victory at the moment you guys ready to
start decorating yeah she put the one on
we're done all right let's see it what's
your favorite part of it I really like a
bit that is so sweet Kay turn it around
let's the other side right that thing
okay go for sure let's just keep it on
until we're done okay did you get some
frosting on you yeah you did it looks
great
let's see Elise's house here it is
there's the side I love this design mr.
Caleb what are you doing you're putting
plants in the yard huh so I wanted
something simple and low stress since I
knew we'd be doing gingerbread houses
tonight and so we're trying PF Changs
just from the frozen section of the
grocery store it looks good so I saw
Jeremy at the stove and he was vlogging
as he was cooking the dumplings and I
was looking all over and guess what I
was looking for the camera
like I knew Jeremy was standing right
there filming and I was looking for the
camera hi hi here is Caleb's finished
house do you like red hots buddy yes
rotate it so you can see the sides kids
you're eating somewhere gingerbread
we're gonna open up the presents that
Caleb made for us you put them under the
tree after quiet
whoa that's really nice of you Caleb
you're at home far away guys I like the
colors you used a lemon some factory a
house that's payment
I like it is it for me you did awesome
this is a really nice wrapping job look
how pretty it looks down the back oh my
goodness I love green it's a Christmas
tree thanks buddy
nah okay who's next
that's a plane you can't take it you
can't smell it you have to open it a
computer I've been needing a new
computer to do your whaling send an
email real quick let me write a legal
document okay sued edit edit a video mmm
oh I'm gonna use my mouse thank you so
much but you may make one more for who
all over for you per the car thing
I probably do that last afternoon and I
make morning I'll make more for everyone
oh hi good night J it's talking Laura
dropped it
is it okay and the funniest thing just
happened we were focused and it was
competition
