it's talking where I dropped it
is it okay and the funniest thing just
happened we were focused and it was
competition good morning we just got a
box in the mail that I think the kids
are going to be really excited about so
they're all still their pajamas but I'm
not even going to wait we're just gonna
open the box right now so we can short
on fasted girls do these are called
hatch moles and it is a toy that is
inside of this egg after it's been taken
care of it's gonna start pecking through
and it's gonna break the show off and
you'll see what's inside that's
everybody
Yaga actually Peck it does just
literally like real mostly really need
percent real and so it's really going to
hatch why yep do you guys want to open
up yeah I see how there's tape right
there's tape okay its pecky see the eyes
it's talking your take care of it just
talk I wonder what we should name it it
sounds like it's Spanish should you said
hi is he gonna be messy on here maybe
just a little bit but we'll clean it up
yeah
he said now Laura dropped it
is it okay its eyes are all red and it's
making sad sounds but Laura's not gonna
be a loveable maybe it's Oh guys it's
hatching what what there's a first group
it's okay
you can see the little cracks this feels
like an eggshell is it your penguia list
birthday today
yes mommy was your birthday happy
birthday - nice it take me now it's a
baby and then it's gonna grow to be a
toddler and then a kid so the way you
know how to take care of it is it's
lights flash different colors when it's
orange it needs to burp and you have to
pat fit okay and when it's flashing
orange that has the pickups and you have
to make a loud sound to scare you away
and then when it goes all the way up to
be a kid then there's games you can play
with it we're so grateful to Spin Master
for sending us the Hatcher moles and for
sponsoring this video
yes playing a game
say hi hello who are you you're my pet
so hatch must have been hard to get this
holiday season and if you're wanting to
learn more about how to get them and to
have some activities to do as you're
waiting for your hatch moles to come
spinmaster has made a web page called
hatch a moles calm forward slash North
Pole and you can go there to learn more
about hatch or moles where to find them
it has some fun games and activities so
you should check it out we have a link
in the description below well the kids
are obsessing over these hatch moles
like I don't think they've stopped
playing with them Merry Christmas dude
well this afternoon our family has the
opportunity to take some donations to
Ronald McDonald House and Ronald
McDonald House if you're not familiar
with it it's a charity that's located
all over the United States and they're
located next to children's hospitals and
what they do is they provide housing for
parents of children that are in the
hospital and resources and services for
those families that are going through
those hard times and we were just
talking with our kids about what it
would be like to be in the hospital as a
child and especially during the holiday
season to not be able to be home with
their families so we're going to be
taking them some new toys that
spinmaster donated and we're also
picking up from a store right now some
items that are on our local Ronald
McDonald's wish list
all right we're dividing up girls
against boys have fun first item on our
list is baby shampoo stores are so busy
before Christmas time baby shampoo yep
we found it
hey there's mom I think we're gonna beat
him let's go hi boys may might we need
one of these right here Lizzie we did
not need swimsuits Laura we got it good
job team
let's go checkout fastest Walmart trip
ever we were focused and it was a
competition
Jeremy's our cashier today
Oh
checking out is a team effort poll
question how long did that Walmart trip
take give us your guesses up here we'll
reveal the answer at the end of the vlog
oh god oh don't look ahead cheaters
ironic
some big rocking chair can calls it they
like it Rafi yeah it's legit so every
year we come to the running the phone
house to prepare a meal for the people
here and we just really love this
organization what they're all about it's
a cool service they provide
so Spin Master the company that makes
hatch moles donated these items for us
to give to people here at the Ronald
McDonald well every time we drive by the
Children's Mercy Hospital downtown I
just get emotional like I tear up just
thinking about all of the families that
have children they're in the hospital
and all that they're going through
especially this time of year during the
holidays and it just is a good reminder
to me to be so grateful for our health
and pray for everyone that is dealing
with those things right now
well Jeremy and I are out on a date
night tonight and we're driving through
some of the pretty parts of town that
have gorgeous Christmas lights we got to
bring the kids back to some loose bucks
kyndra's defiled her pizza with spinach
in the bottom I don't know different
people but you want yeah that's fun
I love snow blows that makes me
ridiculously happy we could do it all
day did you grow up in a snow globe no I
think there's a cartoon about that did
you grow up with snow globes at your
house no my mom was wise enough we had
five boys who did not have glass objects
that survived very long in my house we
had one snow globe we got out of
Christmas magic if we had one of these
Laura would play it all day long until
Caleb broke it it's true so we're ending
our date off at Target and the funniest
thing just happened
Jeremy is trying on these awesome
slippers he found and they're just too
small
aren't they baby they said size 9 or 10
but they feel like size if I ever six
and this is what we discovered these are
women's slippers they kind of look so
much fun laughing every about
what's with the almost bottom woman's
slippers oops we should go look in the
men's section J how so
it's a little bit spicy
