you want to try one of these big girl
it's a little bit spicy
good morning our family is driving down
to downtown Kansas City today and we are
attending the tuba Christmas performance
at the Kauffman Center which is this
beautiful Performing Arts Center I'm
really excited to go inside we went
there a couple of years ago to the tuba
Christmas performance and just loved it
so I'm excited to go again alright so
this is the Kauffman Center parking
garages so I have a distinct memory of
this parking garage from last time we
came here because when we came here
Jeremy forgot where we'd parked like he
dropped off the kids and he went in
parked and we ended up searching every
single level of this parking garage for
her car okay you guys we run level two
don't forget
Caleb our decoding is done and the
concert hasn't even started this is a
solo performance
boy
please don
one horse open sleigh hey
so Caleb and the big kids ended up doing
great
yeah so much Jeremy had to take her out
for a little bit in the middle and then
she's making back-end but she bumped her
head and was crying so you know she's
too and that happens when you're two
that just happens and sometimes as hard
as it hard to be patient here you get
embarrassed in those situations and I
thought it was so sweet after the
performance the people behind us and the
people on the side of us we're saying
you know your kids did so well and we
were apologized really sorry and they're
like she's - that's what happens and
it's just really nice when you're around
people that are understanding it was
hard that when I brought her out into
this huge career because you're
screaming was deafening to the entire
echo like a great Hall of Shame Luke and
Laura are you feeling better
guys fun
yeah
I used to be scared and I wouldn't come
back down like yeah escalators you guys
have gotten really good at escalators
alright now we have to do is find our
bar and I think we remember Oh Jeremy I
think there might be something wrong
with our camera it looks bluish on the
screen to me which is just weird
like I feel like I'm glowing blue we're
having a great conversation on the drive
home about how you move your lips to
play the trombone but got the drummer
the tuba we went to a tuba concert it's
really funny so Kendra thought that the
way you would play a tuba is to go like
this with your lips what I did I was
explaining as I played the trombone for
a couple years lick you knew what you
mean and as you want to play higher you
vibrate you know tighter okay give it a
try cubby
mark can you give it a try Isaac it
can't be allowed again right you can't
smile
arrogance
good job Isaac
but good job I like your eyes on that
and so to clarify I thought you played
brass instruments like this
though I don't know if that make any
noise okay but apparently I needed to
use more
all right
we also talked about like wind - those
were invented and what our favorite
pieces were we had an educated
conversation but it ended in all of us
though so it is colder outside but we
got to get the kids outside they get
stir-crazy if they're in there too long
so we're bundling them up a bit and
letting them play outside is it you two
against Caleb yeah yeah give like being
myself
down set hike get him
so Elise and I are going to get pizza
and we're just looking at lights on the
way it is so much fun
so good it has UMSL on it and snowflake
I love how they put love up on the roof
mm-hmm and I love the colors
so poll question do you decorate the
outside of your house during the
holidays let us know in the poem so this
holiday season I am craving every treat
under the planet and so I have a new
strategy we're gonna make every Treat in
the planet and we're just making small
batches and we can just enjoy the
process of making it because that's part
of what I love like I do love eating it
but I love like the nostalgia of making
the different things so this is
something that my mom made when we were
little kids and so it was fun to be able
to whip it together tonight it's really
fast and easy it's just corn flakes and
marshmallows and butter and then you
arrange it like a wreath have you guys
had this before no what do you think of
red hots
oh yeah we also tried so and they're so
hot are they spicy they remind me of hot
tamales oh yeah hey Laura what do you
think of it gonna get sticky it is
sticky what does it look like it's like
the leaf is this like already
yeah just like we have a wreath on our
door have you shown uh my wreath on our
door I don't think so after eons of time
of never having a wreath we finally got
a wreath and put it up on our door I'll
have to show it to you guys in the
daylight another day cuz it's dark out
right now I think I know we can call it
what we can call the candy uh-huh what
the candy wreath the candy wreath it's a
good name wreath yelling okay I think it
should be wreath yeah meanness Hey we
called green boogers and chickenpox
all right who wants to try some do you
want to try one of these big girl it's a
little bit spicy okay
don't joke today don't choked Laura's
first red-hot mmm do you like it okay
her eyes are getting a little bit red
let me try okay three I think I can eat
too much so after we eat our treat we're
gonna watch the great light fight which
is a fun Christmas tradition right about
it mom I love all the snuggles that we
get when we're watching something but I
keep getting Isaac's hair at my nose
all of its homemade yeah whoa how did
they do that just took a really long
time
good night care house half his first
name is doctor in his last name is sue
sue
