his first name is doctor and his last
name is su su the day's gotten off to a
little bit of a grumpy start in fact I
think at one point this morning one of
my kids declared today the worst day
ever but I'm hoping to turn it around
because I know from experience that just
because a day starts out a little bit
grumpy doesn't mean it has to be grumpy
all day long so I'm determined we are
going to turn this day around we're
gonna have an awesome day I have a roast
beast in the crock-pot already and some
fun activities up my sleeve so let's get
going then they please and they big
feast feast feast and then they do
something he liked least of all every
who down in who-ville bit taller miss
Smallwood stand close together with
Christmas bells ringing they stand hand
in hand and the food would start singing
flick this book and the cat I look just
like Saint Nick so the kids are drawing
pictures of the Grinch I found these
instructions online of like how to draw
the Grinch and my kids really love those
activities so I just did Laura's it was
actually really fun I wasn't planning on
doing one killer I'd want to use markers
or colored pencils least that looks
awesome so some of my kids are having a
hard time that the picture isn't turning
out the way that they want it to like
it's not turning out perfect and what I
keep reminding them and myself all the
time when I'm trying new things the goal
of this activity is not to have a
perfect picture it's to try something
new and have fun
oh that looks great Laura good job I'm
just gonna say
Caleb I'm so impressed just focus he's
so intent he's paying attention here's
how Caleb's Grinch turned out I'm making
another one and here's Isaac's Grinch so
Kendra has been talking to the kids
about how the Grinch changed over the
story and introduced the idea of
character development so Caleb what is
character development it means how the
character changed his heart grew bigger
and
and he's started to love Christmas and
he started to feel happier so Isaac is
making a table of what the Grinch was
like before at the beginning of the
story and what he was like at the end
and how he changed what do you think we
can learn Haziq from the Grinch is
character development if we're having a
hard time we can make ourselves happy
again
like we give like how he gives the
presents back like we should give other
people and just like that made him happy
it can make us all right here's how a
lease is turned out hmm it looks great
did you have fun with that yeah and it
took me a long time because I made that
yeah it did take a long time you're
quite the artist
it's only like the first week of cold
weather and the kids are already so
stir-crazy and losing their minds
they're currently running up and down
the stairs
it's gonna be a long winter so this is a
little Grinch head if you like it - the
Grinch with a little Santa hat on and
you guys need to get to make a couple of
these to go with your lunch
it sounds actually really easy yummy
good job the girl
Oh looks good many thin that go ahead so
this is what my kitchen looks like
multiple times a day and then we clean
it up and then it gets all messy again
it's amazing to me how quickly it gets
so messy seriously so we're making
little heart tournaments after
discussing how the Grinch's heart grew
three sizes that day and we're going to
try to stuff them so they'll be a little
like soft stuff hearts why do these have
to be so short they're needles so they
can go through all the fabric here's
Caleb's it's blue and green you're
working hard on it buddy show us how you
do it
so we don't have any regular batting so
we're going to use some cotton balls
okay so you want to take the cotton ball
and kind of destroy it a little bit try
to stuff it in there it almost stuffed
now the kids are just sewing up the
holes where the batting went in hang it
up here yep our kids like to hang their
ornaments near other ornaments and they
mostly like to hang them in the middle
of the tree and no one wants to hang
anything on the bottom of the tree a
little bit of a lopsided jury a ball
four well we have a fun Grinch themed
dinner for tonight
what do you think it looks good okay you
don't want me make the good punch yeah
okay pour the ice in first school too
too heavy yeah they're good be fun yeah
what color is this green green okay so
I'm totally just making this up but I
figure you can't go wrong with a
Hawaiian Punch green berry rush in our
club that's gonna go in our cups it's
called punch
should we add some 7up to it yeah that's
good make it fun here goes it was blue
hey that's good good good good I think
so yeah okay well we're sitting down to
our Grinch inspired dinner we have who
punch we're calling this who hash since
I had no idea what that is roast beast
rolls green apples who pudding and
Grinch popcorn how's the who-pudding
good for breakfast we should have green
eggs and ham
but what his real name is his real his
first name is doctor in his last name is
sue suit dr. sue is it something like
Henry something is your guru Peter or
diesel diesel wait so his first name
isn't doctor Oh weird
Oh beep that's pretty good huh you know
there may have been some rough moments
along the way today but this family
dinner is really enjoyable like
everyone's just sitting and visiting I
love when we have time to just sit and
enjoy delicately Oh
do you want more who pudding
let's go well the only way to finish off
a Grinch day properly is to watch How
the Grinch Stole Christmas and eat our
Grinch popcorn so we're all set up for a
little picnic festivity poll question is
watching The Grinch we're reading The
Grinch a part of your Christmas
tradition and if so which Grinch do you
do do you watch the movie with Jim
Carrey the cartoon both let us know in
the poem we are watching the cartoon
with our kids tonight
yeah today we're doing the draw with
your toes challenge
