good morning it is freezing cold out
this morning I think it's like four
degrees it is so so cold yeah there was
some snow yesterday huh well I got to
wear one of my new shirts this morning
and I love that feeling like the feeling
of wearing a new shirt you just feel so
like beautiful and fresh and so here it
is the new shirt and the baby belly this
morning so I got a fun activity for the
kids to do this morning it's this little
mini Christmas tree that they can
decorate themselves and Laura's been
like undecorated our Christmas tree
constantly and so when I saw this at
Hobby Lobby for like 50% off I was like
let's do it let's try it so the kids are
attempting to decorate it together oh
really it's for our family what's for
the kids watch this is how I turn it off
young officer we're gonna have a
Christmas tree in our bathroom yeah
let's do right there well that lasted
for maybe 10 minutes before everybody
started fighting about it it's hard
their kids it's hard to share yeah time
to move on to something else
what you doin Laura baby we know you're
really pregnant I am I'm really pregnant
it's not a ball if you had a ball it
would be a joint ball
weight step is actually the best nice
dribbling show me your skills whoa a
couple days ago we took the kids to a
Children's Museum and they used a 3d
printer for the first time and since
we've been home we've been doing it
online so I designed a J us that we
could print with a 3d printer so how did
you do it
um I literally just got it you this did
I move
up into the air put it on and give God
big rectangle put it on and then again I
love of this program gets the kids
thinking three dimensionally so I've
been trying to help the kids learn how
to use this program and so last night I
decided to play around with it myself a
little bit and I designed a Christmas
tree ornament that's a shit mom made I
put a bunch of cones on top of each
other you can even move it from the
bottom what's really cool is that that
museum is actually going to let us
submit these things and print them for
us on a 3d printer so we can go pick up
these ornaments or things that we're
making from the museum Isaac is working
on math next to the fire today to stay
warm well I am exhausted lately in the
afternoons I am just so tired and I need
like a ten minute power nap to be able
to make it through to the evening but we
did a bunch of school this morning we
got our math and our reading and our
spelling and our science and everything
done we even like measured how tall
ostriches are and did some other fun
stuff but we have more festivities this
evening so I'm going to power nap while
Laura's napping I'll be right back I'm
being a little bit of a lazy mom today
and we're using a sugar cookie mix which
is maybe just being a smart mom okay go
ahead and dump that all in there
kind of a hard dough like he's making
let's see those fans lacy
we decided just to make red and white
cookies after the first batch little
yummy I biggest form right here mark
all right cubby put yours on there these
are going to be delicious cookies
hopefully I get cubbies so I was
thinking we would take some of these to
the neighbors coming team but that I'm a
drink please
there we go there's my dude you made me
a cookie the cookie does it look like a
candy cane no they're supposed to be
candy cane cookies oh did they look like
candy canes
candy cane cookies huh so all week I've
had a dinner schedule going on and I've
actually like done the right meals on
the right days and today is a crock pot
dinner and I did that because we're
going to be gone rub until right before
dinnertime and so all day like I keep
thinking about dinner and I'm like oh
it's a crock pot dinner I've got it
covered well I forgot to make it like a
rock to get out the ingredients and
proven the crock pot like ironically
crock pot nerds do not actually make
themselves I'm glad I remembered now
rather than later like if we'd come home
and I'm like oh dinner's ready
wait what anyway it is so cold let it go
the hot stuff please good we've been
ringing bells for the Salvation Army for
the last couple of Christmases and the
kids all love it it's a really fun
family tradition we usually all ring the
bells together but since it's freezing
cold outside
we're taking shifts so I've got Laura
and Isaac in here with me and we're just
doing a little bit of shopping and
staying warm
thanks buddy
okay just cut you guys inside you can
say oh thank you you and your kin we
wish you a Merry Christmas all right
well I have my second crew with me how
was it out there Liese good we were
singing lots of songs
yeah
so Isaac and Laura are having a turn out
there now we weren't sure if we were
going to take Laura out there but she's
loving it
how'd it go so so cool
was it cool outside for you right yeah
miss Laura your little nose is all red
well somehow I ended up with a full cart
of groceries and Jeremy has been such a
gentleman he's taken the outside cold
ship the whole time and he's just so
good to me all right I think we're done
hey sound great thanks
did you go shopping yeah thank you
well some of our good friends came to
take the next shift ringing bells and we
are headed home to warm I am so excited
to eat this young and this is some
bakery fresh bread it's asiago cheese
bread
wasn't that amazing she was up like old
a little too long yeah well I think they
actually turned out which was kind of
surprising to me but yeah so you guys
I'm trying yeah I twisted it all by
myself
I rolled it all by myself good pretty
much good everything by myself
this one was yours there's always
actually pretty good mmm
J House out I literally feel like I'm
upside down
Oh literally literally
the first snow of the year
