I had the worst dream last night it's
you
good morning I had the worst dream last
night
like I woke up just crying like it was a
terrible horrible dream and I hate that
because it feels like you wake up and
you're like panic like oh no was that
real anyway I dreamt that I had our baby
and she died and of course there were
like bizarre dream elements like I was
at a family reunion but then all of a
sudden like we were in a different
location like there were lots of things
that I was like okay it was a dream but
I like felt my tummy and I was like okay
she's moving it was just so so scary to
wake up like that and so I feel like I'm
trying to kind of reweighed up like okay
wait what's real life like let's try to
get the day rolling
the kids are super happy to have mom
back and mom super happy to be with her
kids again I've been snuggling everybody
all morning which means I haven't gotten
much else done sweet nothings
she literally whispered nothing come
here you thank you oh thank you yeah
it's colorful so what are you doing I'm
making a light-up hideout so light it up
it's basically like a bad tongue
it's very cool-looking
over here need one at the corner right
here hey I'm trying to get it off it's
so beautiful can I get in sure I love
that decoration you know it's gonna be
fun is seeing what this looks like
tonight with all the lights off it's
gonna glow what do you you know try
whacking it against the side of the
table yeah okay now open it up and put
it in the pan okay yeah we'll work to
Lacey's helping with the pizza this may
be a really bad idea okay
there you go spread it out you sure can
Laura did you eat some of it yeah got
someone laughing out spread it softly
and gently you guys nope don't eat it
you guys lunch is served
I am loving being back home with my
family and the day is kind of being a
little bit rough on me back to reality
is kind of hard to handle so I decided
we all need the little treats so we're
headed to this new place in town that's
this cookie store they have like amazing
different kinds of cookies and really
cutely decorated cookies you want the
frozen cookie Caleb which kind do you
want
they going to for dinner tonight we are
having Hawaiian hey sex I was glad to
think of something that we could just
put in a crock-pot and have ready for
our evening how's that look buddy good
do you want cherries on yours and
pineapple yeah they're for my head very
very mean baby food I'm married
is this baby Jesus you Joe's f1o fun all
right kid we're gonna have a treat
hey Laura which one do you want Hey mmm
what's that one frozen which oops
she's going for the wreath get lost just
don't have enough frosting on those
things it's not as bad as it looks this
wreath is so good these are so cute
so friends from our church put on a
nativity every year and we wanted to
come export it yeah it's a live nativity
and it's done by kids as a performer so
it's super cute so this is our first
time to get all bundled up with like
hats and earmuffs and gloves did it back
and Joseph also went up from Galilee out
of the city of Nazareth into Judea Jesus
lay down sweetie
Hey an angel of the Lord came upon them
and the glory of the Lord shone round
about them fear not for behold I bring
you good tidings of great joy
without ever closing well at the end of
the live nativity tonight I asked Laura
she wanted to go up and see the animals
and we start walking up and she goes no
mom I want to go see baby Jesus and that
just kind of took me by surprise and I
was like oh okay so we walked over to
the little manger and there was the
little baby doll baby Jesus and she
leaned over and she looked at him and
she kissed him and she wanted to hold
him and it was so sweet to me it was
just precious to be there with my family
tonight and with my little kids and to
see the magic of the season in their
eyes so I hope you guys are having a
really great holiday season with your
family that's it for tonight J house hat
and started to spin out did a full 360
there was debris flying everywhere
crashed into the side I have not been to
a beach in years hmm sometimes you try
to paint a picture and it doesn't work
and you fail miserably
