and started to spin out did a full 360
there was debris flying everywhere
crashed into the side I have not been to
a beach in years hmm sometimes you try
to paint a picture and it doesn't work
and you fail miserably you making a crib
for the baby tickle monster I think this
is the kids favorite game here's a
little crazy
get my hand back when I eat you we're
gonna try again to get this girl to do a
nap time oh well let's just do some milk
she really doesn't want to take a nap
with red roses hugs in the trees hugs in
the briefs hugs with our neck well I
think one of the best parts about
vacation is the
oh I'm really excited about this
sandwich it's got lots of veggies in it
and some chicken and it's on a croissant
with fries or this spot that's right
next to the ocean floor in Oceanside
California so today we're going out to
help operation give a bear prepare their
bears and cards to the people that they
serve during the Christmas holiday last
year we actually went out and delivered
the Bears and so if you want to see that
vlog all I credit heroes a lot of fun
and this year we're doing the
preparation work one interesting thing
about this organization was it was
initially started from the idea of a
little girl who wanted to help people
who didn't have toys during the holiday
to give them a gift of a teddy bear and
so that's how the organization's again
we just found the best parking spot we
drove up it's right next to here and
it's got a meter but the meter still has
an hour left on it I feel like we just
won like the parking space jackpot and
look it's a parallel parking spot that
doesn't even have somebody behind it I
know our yeah what about Jim that they
did something right today I know
my heart's still beating I just had one
of those situations that you remember
pretty vividly I was driving along on
the freeway going 65 70 miles an hour
and decided to switch lanes to go over
into the far left lane and in the far
right lane a car merged into a car right
next to us and started to spin out did a
full 360 there was debris flying
everywhere crashed into this side and it
was scared we really didn't know if we
were going to get hit other cars were
reacting to it and we called 911 gave us
a statement of what happened we couldn't
really pull over because we were in the
freeway and you know there were cars
trying to avoid the accident
she's so scary that at any moment when
you're driving a car an accident can
happen this makes me grateful that we
switch lanes that we didn't get hurt and
how scary that is you know I've only in
the past been in accidents where it was
like a little fender bender like someone
ran into the back of us and no one was
hurt there was hardly any damage but let
us know in the poll if you have been in
an accident how serious it was I'll give
some options there
I have not been to a beach in years I
think it's been seven or eight years and
none of my kids have ever been to a
beach so I'm really excited someday to
bring them out to the ocean
well now we are sitting down to paint
together and it is so fun to be doing
this here I sketched mine out first
which I haven't done before my idea is
to try to do this this might just work
out to be a complete flop
I would like this there was a time that
our food buddy
hello
French press you
you mean
so um my painting is not going as
planned first of all I got paint on my
favorite shirt which was my own fault
for painting in my favorite shirt
sometimes you try to paint a picture and
it doesn't work and you fail miserably
and that's okay on their stomach look
where they just laid down in the snow
well I thought about just giving up I
thought about just throwing away the
canvas and being done but I decided to
keep going and I'm glad I did because I
learned a lot about what doesn't work
and you know I just relaxed and decided
to just paint because it doesn't matter
how it turns out it matters that I'm
having fun and I did learn a lot in the
process so here's how it turned out and
for how bad it started I'm actually
pretty happy with it although I do feel
like the star actually looks like a Sun
oops
what they knew they must are santa claus
mokou so they hung their stockings by
the fireplace put on their red flannel
nightgown well I just got dropped off at
the airport this was such a wonderful
trip with my mom and my sisters and so
now it's time to fly home and see my
baby
you
I'm home and my house is clean and
Jeremy kept all the kids alive and he
did amazing and I was so excited to see
him and smooch him and see the kids
tomorrow goodnight Jay how's that I
think you forgot to zip up your pants oh
yeah I just I can't hit so much here it
is oh I love rental places it's so fun
to explore but how do they not die when
it's dangerous some of them do die
