I think you forgot to zip up your pants
well yeah I just I can't get so much
here it is oh I love rental places it's
so fun to explore but how do they not
die when it's dangerous
some of them do die you're gonna say
you're a daddy mommy think oh I heard Oh
trick Clank oh I wish you could
sweetheart I'm gonna miss you Oh Laura
you look so nice
already I can't wait huh
oh so hard wish I could take you can't
take me now wall so hard Hooper's are
good oh no you miss me oh good you they
say hello I wish you could come with me
to come with you too I know how about I
come back from my trip real soon and
then you and I will go on a little
adventure together
bye bye mommy
or if everything to do is to snuggle in
the morning yes if wicked tough little
stink good morning I am in the Kansas
City Airport and I'm getting ready to
fly off from my weekend trip with my mom
and my sisters and I'm excited about
that it just feels really weird to be
traveling alone I haven't traveled alone
for years like I already missed your me
and my kids that's kind of lame and kind
of is a good reminder to me about how
great my life is that going on a
vacation and I miss my real life you
want to explore out here what okay let's
walk down look at that big thing looks
like there's a warm air coming out of
our house
hey cubby I think you forgot to zip up
your pants well yeah I just I can't yeah
how much look do you need my help why
look it's really I see right here
oh yeah let's go back to our house well
I made it I'm officially in San Diego
and I don't know if I've ever mentioned
this but I've never been to San Diego
before so now I just have to find my mom
and my sisters and start our adventure
yeah yeah
this is so weird we're doing waffles for
lunch well we are finally all together
and we just drove up we're staying at a
rental house here in I think we're
outside of San Diego and it's so cute
look at that
hi Tiffany so we're gonna go in and
check it out and I may or may not have
to use her here it is oh I love rental
places it's so fun to explore there's a
little backyard too so earlier I found
Caleb about to cut some socks with
scissors and asked what he was doing he
said he was trying to make winter gloves
I was like we can just go out into the
garage and get him and while we were out
there you found all your winter stuff
what you know it is almost 50 degrees
today right I know I just came by just
to make sure sometimes I put the gloves
on last this one that's a different boot
yeah better go find the other Mickey
Mouse one
yeah
Caleb's gonna get pretty hot here in a
second you ready to change dad you ready
to get out of that thing no I'm gonna
stay in it forever uh-huh here on your
boom-boom sore exploring the three
bedrooms and figuring out who's gonna
sleep where this is the big bedroom
Lewin two closets
oh just kidding that one's a toilet
thank you so much for doing her hair a
little hard at first yeah well thanks it
looks great
hey Laurie let's go
you guys see the sunset tonight
yeah buddy please officers who engages
dangerous jumps job in lye do um only
people doing dangerous dangerous
dangerous jobs so they're making keep
their country safe and help people with
what they need what do you think Isaac
so they can serve us so they can help
Park yeah we call them servicemen and
women and that's what they're doing I
mean they're putting their lives on the
line they're risking their life to try
to protect our country and to keep our
community safe
either from fire or from bad guys or
from other but how do they not die when
it's dangerous
some of them do die that's what I'm
saying is they risk everything and
that's why we wanted to go and give them
some cards and some goodies and say
thank you we do it to all we did some
other people took it so from our church
we had people taking stuff to all the
different fire departments and army
people and please we just took some to
that police station in the sunset pretty
so we're out to dinner at a new
restaurant called urban plate and I will
Roma this menu everything looks so good
we just may be here like all weekend
long
the church congregation has a Christmas
party tonight that we're heading to the
kids are pretty excited
while we're enjoying window shopping and
just chatting and spending time together
but the weirdest thing is that it's warm
out and there's Christmas music and palm
trees except for my old cuz I'm from
Arizona if she's out like in your little
phone out I literally brought my big
coat and gloves and a hat because I
worry for the 16 oh I brought was this
and though and my flip flops so anyway
we are gonna go home and maybe some
chocolate and talk and laugh and go to
bed
so that's it for tonight J house out
we're doing the whisper challenge
