good morning I have my three big kids at
the grocery store with me this morning
because we are picking up a prescription
for a little miss Lora she woke up with
pinkeye such a bummer anyway she's home
with Jeremy Jeremy has a ton of work to
do today too
so we're making a special treat today to
give to the policemen and the firemen
and the local servicemen that are in our
area and what it's called is like Glee
gooey chips time out so Kendra is in San
Diego and she's doing Instagram stories
and you should go check it out time in
my sister has made it for years and it's
delicious and so when I knew we needed
to make something I was like Father's
will be easy and delicious and fun and
if we give some of it away that way I
won't eat all of it
can you put one of those in our cart for
us yeah okay Caleb now we're looking for
Golden Grahams Golden Grahams
oh I see them they're right here
wait our vase
no these ones are just like
honey-flavored all of this looks so cute
but check out these candy apples I've
never seen candy apples that look like
that before
world do you think my tummy's bigger or
Santa's tummy's bigger there we go
well thank you Thank You Caleb
well I survived the grocery trip with
all three kids but this reminded me why
I am only doing online shopping usually
because it's so much easier main mention
on my eyes yeah is that gonna help your
eye feel better yeah
yeah what's the matter with your eye it
has big eye look up at this guy
oh you are doing so great there's one
too even amazing catch a second can we
blink five times ready one okay it's
never been that easy to put eyedrops in
a kid before she was excited about it
was that fun hopefully it stays fun for
the rest of it yeah we have to do this
two times a day for seven days we're
gonna get to do that no no we're not
going to die again this is gonna get rid
of your pinkeye
I think because of the color pink she
thinks it's a good thing yep
that looks fun to them so the first time
I ever did stamps with my kids Isaac and
Elise were little and I did not have
washable ink stamp pad like I just had a
regular stamp pad that was a big mistake
so I've learned my lesson and now I only
buy washable ink and it's really fun
Isaac's figured out how to make
multicolored Sam's it's beautiful miss
Laura
oh it's for your birthday with Laura
we're making cards to share with the
policemen and the firemen to tell them
thank you okay do you want to make
another one for the policeman in the
firemen Hey yeah paper sure cleanup I'll
get you a new paper Jeremy's been
working at ten so I'll get you a treat
from the bakery just a little something
the kids are happy for me right in front
of me okay now squirt as much of it as
you can into your pan how do you watch
what least he's good I really don't know
she does not know how to use these whoa
okay now push it all right pushing yeah
I'm pushing down on it oh well hey paws
fine classmate you got to hold it more
up and down like this no coming more up
and down
see how Lisa's holding her smart up and
down there we go
whoa that means it's running out that
means some funny noises okay now spread
the whipped cream out on your pan can
you write two letter mm that may only be
used at the beginning of English words
very good Caleb can you write the sound
on easy yeah three letters
very good okay good work team which we
clean up yeah but first can we play with
it a little sure
if you remember now after putting all
the colors looks like chocolate right -
nope right tastes like lip cream that's
interesting
I'm out of breath that's really
embarrassing okay because I haven't been
doing things if we're running around the
kitchen and collecting all these
supplies like that should not get me out
of breath I am clearly pregnant anyway
and we are about to make some gooey
gooey Chex Mix
there you go you can just use the bag
there you go these are just gonna be
extra yummy alright this is my one of my
favorite desserts I've ever had really
and of course I'm running late I'm
always running late like I just try to
pack too much in we're supposed to be
going to a library activity at 3 o'clock
and we need to leave like right about
now and this has to boil for two minutes
and then cool for two minutes and then
pull over this but by the time you get
home I'm not gonna have time to do this
anyway ah feel like I'm always running
late and always running behind and I
guess I don't know I need to learn how
to not over commit myself or how to move
at like double time so one of my friends
has a shirt that says always late and
it's a super cute shirt I need one of
those
the kids and I hit the library and we
also got Papa Murphy's for dinner
tonight because apparently I'm not
cooking all right well here's how the
treat turned out I'm trying to decide if
I should add some mini M&Ms the
Christmas cards have officially started
rolling in and I absolutely love seeing
them like I love seeing the pictures of
friends and holding like a real picture
in my hand instead of just seeing
something on Facebook so pole question
do you send Christmas cards or does your
family send Christmas cards end of the
day my kitchen is a complete mess I
think my love house is a complete mess
but I'm just choosing to be grateful for
it a messy house today means that I had
a busy day and it was full of lots of
wonderful things a messy house means
that my kids were active and engaged and
doing stuff and a busy husband that
means that he has worked and can provide
for our family and I'm just feeling
really grateful and I'm grateful for the
Christmas music onto the background and
Laura's singing now because this is a
beautiful time of year and look he's
gonna see dinner with us I probably
shouldn't I had them hang on food has to
happen when I'm busy with work the vlog
doesn't get posted on time too I'm sorry
about that his law work comes before
posting a vlog so we're sorry thank you
so much for understanding about that if
case you're new to our channel Jamie's
an attorney that's what he does attorney
and youtubers don't doesn't he look
smart I just look so smart in the turn
so the last thing that we're doing
tonight is we're headed to our church
building and we're meeting up with a
bunch of friends and bringing the treats
that we made and the cards that we made
for our local policemen and firemen and
servicemen that are in our area and I
think we're gonna make some more cards
and get a kind of all packages together
so that different people can go deliver
them so let's do it
that's awesomely 10 years now and the
most common comment that we are getting
right now is what is your baby's name
and
