and the most common comment that we are
getting right now is what is your baby's
name and morning the kids and I are
headed into science city this
it's not raining it's just pulled out
the first friend that we're trying is
the force and motion room and we are
building electric circuits that was loud
so the kids have their air rockets all
loaded up
good work all right those are bicycle
generators so if you ride them enough
they should light up these lights with
electricity
Oh your lights lit up please go go go
keep going
good job you crank in the wheel
you need help Caleb so now you push it
through watch out for your fingers on
the other side there you go now pull it
all the way till it's tight so Isaac
made a mini rocket launcher alright
let's give it a try
whoa Laura's giving it a try
way to go big girl now turn it around
and go back huh you're sewing yes you
are I think this is called embroidering
very my finger is it sharp on your
fingers be careful with it
Laura do you have some marker on your
face I would have never thought of
having Laura and Caleb embroider so this
was really cool of them to get to try it
here
load up in the helicopter so in the
maker studio they have a 3d printer and
it's actually going right now and we got
to talk to them and find out how it
works and this is a whole new concept
for my kids it's really cool to see what
they can create I didn't realize that it
works kind of like a hot glue gun you
melt down this plastic and then that's
how it works I think they also make this
thank you those who make this biggle
ding good so they're showing Isaac how
to design stuff this is amazing they
said there's also chocolate 3d printers
out there I want one of those
so Jeff helped Isaac design a keychain
on the program Tinkercad and now they're
loading it up into the 3d printer and
they're actually going to print it this
is so cool to see it so let's go it's
going to print in green so whichever
color of the plastic they feed into the
3d printer is the color it prints in so
this one's orange Isaac's is going to be
green here it is all loaded in there the
3d printer that's what it does
I can see after making this cake
that is the keychain you design how cool
is that yes Isaac how long did they say
it'll take to print 20 days
well that 3d printer was amazing to see
in action so here's the poll question
for the day
have you used or seen a 3d printer let
us know if you're in the poll this seems
awesome
well it's like fun
levy did you get wet
so I think what do you think of 3d
printing I think I work with 3d printers
when I grow up that would be cool
there's the keychain that Isaac designed
and was printed on the 3d printer we're
just waiting for it to cool off Isaac
that looks awesome
hey head to the elevator well I am going
to be honest that was fun and I'm
exhausted a really cool part was we
actually got to see several viewers were
there today so that's always really fun
if you live in the Kansas City area and
you see us out and about be sure to say
hi it really makes our day yeah I'm
tired this pregnant mama is ready for
lunchtime and nap time Caleb not so far
away from mom we've had a really low-key
afternoon which was exactly what we
needed around here the kids have done
their reading in their math and their
other school assignments and I even got
to sneak in like a 10-minute nap which
was awesome so now the kids are playing
and I'm just sitting here in relative
peace I posted a picture of our
adventures this morning over on
Instagram and when I did a bunch of
comments started coming in and the most
common comment that we are getting right
now is what is your baby's name and we
don't know we do not have a name for
this little baby yet I don't know why
I'm having such a hard time picking a
name
Laura Kate you're not supposed to have a
pinkie you're not supposed to stand on
our piano when everybody oh thanks I
press will need a dad bone here your
friends told you to stand on here does
mommy let you stand on top of the piano
lay my which friends hey your new
friends where are they at a doll home oh
I don't see them yeah but does mommy
like you to stand on the piano if I was
pulling them long you are trying to find
this on your friends look at you how did
you get up there by myself yeah you did
by yourself
Isaac you built this Hot Wheels track
yes and it's house whoever wins
whichever sound you hear first one
oh very clever horses put blue shelter
store thank you daddy
oh I have to say that we are loving
having our basement back as a playroom
space for the kids and the boys have all
of a sudden gotten really into Hot
Wheels again I think we did store to
wait for a little while and so they're
like a fresh new toy to them Caleb what
have you been building I noted a machine
whoa tell
what wins oh this is your machine
rebuilt oh well by six o'clock everybody
in our family was in their pajamas it's
just been a long day and Jeremy's
actually been working all day we haven't
seen him yet today so I'm really
grateful for that it's really great that
he has so much work to do but we do miss
him
I made macaroni and cheese for dinner I
know I'm feeding my tribe whatever blow
up I don't personally think that's gonna
happen
but what is someone shot into the sky I
don't know do the bullets keep going up
or do they come back down oh they go up
and then ya know and then they blow up
and then that around them they come
these are good deep thoughts look who I
found I did make a cameo today in the
vlog
I've been working a lot and I actually
have a phone call at midnight tonight
unlegal stuff he has a contract in his
hand that he's working to get reviewed
tonight and get some feedback anyway
busy I'm excited to watch the footage
for today this is one of those Suns were
it's cool that I get to go watch what
you did I told him about the 3d printer
because it was awesome I'm excited to
see he's gonna go back to work and I
have a cool project I'm going to show
you guys before we J house out it I am
making these ornaments that are going to
be an Advent for our family for this I'm
counting down to Christmas with stories
from the life of Christ and I'm really
excited I just shouldn't have
procrastinated actually putting it
together so this is not sponsored at all
this is just a product that I'm excited
to try with my family this year so it's
called the 25 days of Christ and it
gives me 25 different ornaments and a
devotional guide that goes along with it
so that each night we get out one of the
ornaments tell that story from the life
of Christ and put it on the tree so I'm
excited to do it I think I've said that
like 20 times but I just have to
actually paint the ornament I guess
technically I only really have to paint
in the first ornament I don't want to
have to do this every night though good
night
do yourself oh we're United
