today we're doing the name that fresh
challenge Sam my brother-in-law has
picked several items random things
Kendra and I don't know what they are
he's going to put them up on the screen
we're going to take a look at them we're
all going to guess and see who can get
the closest for the right price I'm
excited about this challenge because I
think I actually have a chance at
beating Jeremy act okay the first item
is a nerf n-strike hyper fire blaster
how much do you think that cost what is
it here it's a shooter yeah it's a nerf
gun I'm gonna go with $19.99 $20 $34.99
the actual price $34.97 you're way off
something I looked at on Sundays
Christmas
it's 34 97 its $34.97 okay next thing
how much do you think these Calvin Klein
shoes are $35 601 thousand
I think it's $100 it looks like it might
be from Walmart Calvin Klein its Calvin
Klein okay that makes a big difference
what the brand is Calvin Klein oh well
that's one six well brightening we don't
shower in 60 9.99 $69.99 is not correct
the actual answer is 59.99 that's 15 I
wasn't invited oh is that an odyssey
2016 honda odyssey hello five hundred
thousand five hundred and sixty seven
fifteen I wish don't you think that van
cost very $30.00 forty nine thousand
nine hundred ninety nine dollars and
ninety nine cents ooh I like this one
thirty three thousand as a MSRP it's
actually twenty-nine thousand five
hundred and fifty dollars you much
closer than I was it's actually only
twenty nine thousand five hundred and
fifty dollars that's it's like sorry Ted
it's kept getting bigger who's that the
Disney frozen Elsa how much you think
it's worth definitely a thousand how big
is it is this life-sized doll or is it
this is seven inches tall seven inches
tall seven to eleven ninety nine thirty
dollars $9.99 pay six dollars whoa the
real answer five dollars and forty six
cents you're the closest you nailed it
okay a football is it signed by anyone
or is this chanel football 163 yeah we
think it's about ten bucks not worth
anything five seventy six dollars for
okay the actual price of it is $14.97
what I need to get fifty the true answer
is 1497 I was gonna guess $14.99 and
then I went up one done it yeah binky's
for two pinkies how much you think to
binky's cost me
yeah that's what you do
$10 two dollars always six or seven four
dollars 398 four dollars and 74 cents 12
half an angel soft toilet paper
12 double roll I'm going to say 399 66
and egg five dogs so five dollars and 56
cents Wow
it's five dollars and 79 cents you are
doing so good
five dollars and ninety-six s it's five
dollars and 79 cents I don't know who's
closer we'll have to look between you
and Elise so that's actually the kind of
toilet paper that we buy and I buy it in
a bowl back so yeah we have two of them
laying around behind the couch right now
it's about five dollars and 79 cents
until you add them all up buddy and
you're the one paying for them Kenmore
from the washing machine 63,000 maybe
one seven hundred dollars after cleaning
out our front loader this is something
that might be in our near future let's
see we got ours a decade ago $1,000 wait
because that maybe both of them are a
thousand together yeah I'm just gonna go
a thousand two thousand two hundred
dollars four hundred ninety nine dollars
and 98 cents all right bananas banana by
the pound by the pound ninety nine cents
621 two dollars six dollars and seven
cents how much would you pay well
you're at Walmart
ding-ding-ding-ding-ding we have a
winner
she guessed it right on I thought
bananas about you it's 55 cents oh it's
55 cents a pound so how did you well it
looks like you're our winner I do most
the shopping in the family so that makes
sense
you beat Caleb and Laura and me I know
you crushed matters I know we're doing
the name price today we're going to pay
that today we're doing the look hey that
thing hey friend that's right one more
time ready today we're doing the name
that fresh challenge
Jay Haas Dow are you doing or the things
we go laughing all the way ha ha ha
