are you doing oh the things we go
laughing all the way ha ha hair salon in
here this morning aunt Marla's doing
something fun with Lisa's hair
they looked it up on Pinterest is that
where you found a yes very cool I've
been meaning to try that and um Caleb
did you make some sort of like rubber
band soup oh I'm doing my hair oh you're
doing your hair very slick it is I don't
know who did that
so here's Caleb's finished hairdo that's
pretty cool dude yeah what are you doing
miss Laura oh you're making dinner for
uncle Jaime Wow everybody's doing their
own hair today how's about that going
Isaac good I got 48 today 48 Wow
right it's the day after Thanksgiving so
I get to dig out the Christmas boxes and
start doing decorations
busting out the Christmas stuff luckily
the weather is really nice today I think
it's going to be in like the 50s so we
want to get our Christmas lights up
before it gets cold and icy yeah last
year I was doing this in the rain yeah
snow whoa this nice light the arms
alright so now we just got to test these
and make sure they still work and then
Jerry's gonna try to put the Christmas
lights out today hopefully not today no
rain today again be dark and there in
the morning tonight it'll be dark
tonight down to Christmas damn
these aren't our Christmas presents this
is our Christmas decoration and those
are our scences those so here's what we
do we switch out the light bulbs when it
doesn't work oh it works
Hitler missile
I forgot to show you guys how cute
Elise's hair turned out model I did it
she sure did
alright so it's got these braids and
comes back to this darling bun nice work
so we thought Laura was napping and then
I look up and I see this she's just
watching
look what Uncle Sam Bowie he's putting
the lights up I'm gonna help him perfect
he did all right well I'm making dinner
for tonight are ready and what I'm
making is a leftover casserole it's one
that my mom made growing up and I
absolutely love it and it's really
simple
put turkey on the bottom then I'm gonna
spread leftover gravy all over it and
then we didn't have quite enough
leftover stuffing so I just whipped up
one other batch of the stove top
stuffing and then you top it with the
mashed potatoes so I'll show it to you
guys when it's done but it's so yummy to
eat it all together in one bite I taught
a leasing kids how to ride a scooter
without training wheels they loved it
and I also taught them how to catch the
himself if they're like Foley they won't
have as much accidents yet let's see it
you okay yeah you almost died I'm just
kidding don't go too fast
all right turkey sandwiches for lunch
well I picked up our Christmas picture
books from the library the other day but
we haven't gotten him out yet they
behind me yeah I can't talk today
they've been hiding behind the chair in
my room so the kids are all bringing
them out now we packed up the
Thanksgiving books and we're ready to
start the next round Christmas books
again yeah more Express
the Christmas tree sign we're going the
right way great you like this one yeah I
think we're looking for one a little bit
taller let's see if we can find one
where I selfie address around June this
year a race car is that it's all as you
this one's the kendra tree then no one's
about my height there's a sam the same
tree do we find a Gemma tree yep it's
right there here it is it's interesting
to see so many of the different kinds
some of them are pokey er than others
some of them are softer rolling it yeah
there's bells on them
one big animal ready to get right climb
on up Oh nothing's we go laughing all
the way ha ha ha jingle bells jingle
bells what fun it is to ride in a
one-horse open sleigh hey look at all
those baby trees maybe we'll come get
one of those in a couple years well what
about we make something where every
Christmas week well every time we get
come here all the kids can cut down
their own little tree it's so cool what
do you guys think
all right well because of a drought that
happened a few years ago they don't have
tons of the big trees this year so
they're pre-cut for us usually we get to
go out and kind of walk around and pick
the tree but this year they pre-cut the
ones that are like that six seven foot
range that we were looking for so
luckily we found a gorgeous one there
and now we're just wandering through the
trees and admiring them they'll continue
growing next year we'll get another one
you want some hot chocolate hot
chocolate in the barn
within the life guys does it feel like
Christmastime now there's a little too
hot okay we just kind of give it a
second to cool down okay good pick a
level
all right they are bringing the tree in
Caleb you helping carry it uh-huh
at work o Christmas tree o Christmas
tree you're gonna come and it smells
good
so we removed some of the bottom limbs
it lives taken the little branches
outside you doing that too good job miss
Laura okay we're going leftovers tonight
and we even have some of the hors
d'oeuvres left so the kids are munching
on the cheese ball right now you just
grabbing handfuls of cheese ball stinker
why did cake it's cream cheese that's
what it's made out of yep there's a lot
of cheese in it it's pretty much
Thanksgiving round two over here we've
got the casserole that I made earlier
today gravy corn green beans leftover
yams and apples and rolls I love
leftovers that's like a really happy
thing every time we do Thanksgiving I'm
like that was so much work but now we're
eating it for days and then I'm like
maybe I should just always do this make
like one gigantic beast and then we'll
eat off of it for days I have to get
back on my sweatpants for more
Thanksgiving food so today is Black
Friday the biggest shopping day of the
year and we heard a statistic on the
news that said 23 percent of Americans
were going out shopping today so I
wanted to do a poll today what kind of
shopping did you do today if any let us
know in the poll and we have not done
any shopping I haven't even been
shopping online
I guess the Christmas tree was
technically a purchase but next room so
we recently took the kids to the play of
Beauty and the Beast but they wanted to
watch the cartoon for the first time so
they're doing that tonight and that's
going to end up a vlog Jay house out
it's a pretty good cut
where they go for you
