Oh danger Caleb
present alright having water lit no
we're having cantaloupe I know the
watermelons out of season now so we have
cantaloupe with my sister in town I
thought it'd be fun to make my grandma's
evil skeevers they're going pretty well
I have this awesome tool a viewer sent
us that apparently is an official
aebleskiver turning tool and it's
working way better than the toothpick so
thank you
do you remember what these are called
able steamers Hey nailed a good job what
are we gonna put inside of them yeah
yeah the able severs are done and now we
can finally sit down to eat I'm still
learning the art of aebleskiver making
and it takes a long time
mmm
so last night I ran to the store and I
got this oh what's that called table
table so we can extend our table we're
getting ready for Thanksgiving and I got
the very last one they had so good thing
now it'll be like everyone we know you
guys should come over better are you
being a superhero with those big muscles
Mohsen did that I think that's a game
you should play when someone's inside in
it
Oh danger hey Caleb this is all right
Lacey's being my buddy and we are headed
to pick up our pies for Thanksgiving
tomorrow we ordered them from this fun
Kansas City spot called corner cafe and
everybody that I see is coming out with
big boxes like it's a really popular
place in the area to order your pies
we've got a chocolate cream and a
pumpkin yo that one's chocolate cream we
got one of those I wonder okay so we
were just waiting in this long line and
then I noticed a sign and we were
completely in the wrong line because we
pre-ordered our pies which make about
one week firmer in line and then you
realize you're in the wrong line to
begin with so there we go that's that
they are serious about punch and you're
picking up our pies somebody picked up
their box and the bottom dropped out a
bowlful Python before and anyway so I'm
trying to grow these very carefully
these are precious hi
that'll be a fun turkey it's very bright
oh don't eat it Laura yeah it's not for
eating
it's like a maze so Isaac has been doing
some cool Thanksgiving school stuff
today I play a game called traffic to
measure the outside of it and to the
perimeter and area add a lot of adding
and stuff like that oh cool the biggest
one on this one for area and perimeter
and then you've also been doing some mad
libs right yep turkey dinner I spent my
last summer on my grandfather's cute
form he raises chairs for a local food
he also grows corn on the toenail
I love having my little helper with me
to go get some pizza this is awesome
so I got home from during the pizza and
they were doing a dance from a video
online it's like an aerobic dance by
size the end of exercise there we go
yeah punch of that like the personality
guys are almost done we did it good job
you guys all right who wants eat a bunch
of pizza let's go how's the pizza good
true dessert Isaac is rocking it
Oh how many Oh 121 in a row
51 holy cow
you
 off Carlo the dentist is coming
this is one of my favorite stretches
from Studio C
all right so we're trying something new
I'm trying to make homemade candied
pecans so this is a mixture of like
brown sugar and white sugar and cinnamon
and vanilla and I'm pouring it onto a
buttery goodness sheet and then I'm
going to bake it and the internet says
it will turn into candy pecans
so hopefully that works usually the
night before I'm making cranberry
pretzel jello which is one of my
absolute favorite dishes but someone
else is bringing that this year so I'm
getting to try this Marla is not allowed
me to help participate for some reason
in this mess no this looks really good
these are the name cards for our
Thanksgiving tomorrow yeah whoa and
here's our flowers gettin set up good
night dear self no I'm just gonna roll
laughs why would people laugh at you do
girl what if they don't like it
