I'm just loving those glasses still you
excited about school today why would
people laugh at you good girl
what if they don't like it talking about
your glasses what do you think about the
glasses you're happy with them you know
I think it's really normal for everyone
to be concerned about what people think
about what we wear or what we look like
but I think what matters most is that if
you feel good about how you look and if
you feel good about your yourself it
doesn't really matter what everybody
else thinks but it's really hard to
really feel that way in real life I know
it's hard for me I care what people
think about what I look like so you're
totally normal to have those feelings
okay but guess what if you ever start
feeling like maybe people don't like it
I guess one thing you can never and that
you like it and that daddy loves it and
mommy loves it and the glasses don't
even matter at all we love it you we
love you no matter what you wear either
way I'm used to being wearing Oh skinny
glasses so kind of different let us know
in the poll if you ever feel nervous or
concerned that people will make fun of
you of what you're wearing or what you
look like we might have a lot of yeses
yeah oh I don't know
as you were saying you didn't know if
that's how people feel I want you to see
whether or not that's the way people
feel and we'll show you the poll later
today okay I love you you're not alone
and how you feel we all are afraid we're
all scared at times I'm eating pink
cereal with the frosting and then
wearing pink glasses NP pajamas and pink
underwear you have a purple spoon and a
purple pajamas and orange
bye
you're gonna miss your cousin Caleb was
a little Tom Sawyer this morning he had
Parker make his bed for him a little
stinker it could look like Mark Twain
where a boy who's miss tedious has his
friends give his choice where I'm like
painting events and that's like Little
Cayman today marking an estate
you look beautiful big girl I love your
hair Thanks have fun and remember people
love you look how cool my sister and her
family are well I just dropped eglise
off at school you got there fall parties
at school today and she just was smiling
and happy and I was so grateful that she
was able to talk to us about her
feelings this morning sorry my nose is
itchy so now I get to spend the day with
my sister and her family and little
Laura and we are going to start by
making my favorite Thanksgiving dessert
which is pumpkin cake you know you guys
gonna help yeah yeah what are you gonna
put in what is it sugar as well sugar
and brown let's see it ready dump it in
go for it Park girl put the egg in there
here is the pumpkin base and then you
just sprinkle a cake mix on top of it
and add better you need a pink one it's
right there does it need to get
sharpened yeah all right I can sharpen
it a little ham and cheese sliders we
made for dinner a couple weeks ago and I
want to deat them again and I'm putting
chips in them of course everything's
better Richardson said and all of the
kids that are home are asleep right
which means we're winning we are winning
at this parenting game for now uh-huh
the kids will take over again soon mmm
how is school today good I really like
the party yeah you guys had a fall party
today
when I picked you up you told me I was
one of the best days ever what did you
think of wearing your new glasses to
school I liked it I think they look so
cute on you and concessional your hairdo
so I had fun doing Lisa's hair today we
did little rubber bands that come back
and look at this darling turkey bow it's
perfect for your fall party we made
better you made your own butter could
you teach us how to do that sure need a
special lift lid and I'm not sure what
kind maybe we could just look it up I
bet we good why does the pink piggy say
like like what is the Billy Goats a ma
oh so Isaac's at the coolest birthday
party tonight I didn't have a chance to
film him before he left but he went to a
skyzone birthday party like one of those
jumping trampoline places he was so
excited and we get to stay home and have
dinner and pumpkin cake and I'm really
excited because my sister's making
dinner that's like the best treat for a
mom is when somebody else is making
dinner and she's not just making any
dinner she's making this awesome looking
at taco braid that what it is
yeah she's got this feels guys oh I
don't know about that we're great in it
yes it's working okay here's the one
that she already finished hopefully it's
good oh I'm sure it will be it smells
really good really go wrong because if
you can't even beef in a pizza crust so
everything's good
can you try to lift oh now I've put on
way too much weight and one two ready go
someday I wanna do a performance and it
just shows what this is and then at the
end we kick cookies it just shows me and
you do it in for one and then cookies
she loves you easy I think it's safe to
say that our little baby girl is gonna
get a lot of attention around here these
love me honey
yeah yeah you love babies don't you
all right well Marla bakes them
incredibly and now we get to eat it
let's see what it looks like inside Alex
see huh wrong with that that looks
amazing
whoa will top with some lettuce tomatoes
sour cream yeah baby she's talking to
you yeah she thinks you're the baby and
she's the adult taking care of you baby
well she said go brush your teeth
ah right now get your jammies on
that's unlike kitchen did your damn
ladies and coffee she did before this
so pumpkin cake is Kendra's favorite
Thanksgiving dessert but I'd love to
know from you what your favorite
Thanksgiving pie is I'm going to put
some options up in the poll let us know
your favorite if I don't list your
favorite then tell us in the comments oh
that reminds me
that we did a Thanksgiving pie challenge
last year so Jeremiah I've heard that up
if you guys want to see it this year it
was fun mm-hm-hm and i'm going to go
ahead and post this recipe over on our J
house vlogs Facebook page in case any of
you guys are interested because it's
amazing and it's super easy and you'll
probably do other recipes through the
holidays too of you do stuff about me I
usually do so Marla has been practicing
like fancy handwriting I don't know it's
not called clear fee I think they called
it in modern hand art that would you got
it yes anyway what is it actually called
I think it's just modern hand written
all right okay so we got these elegant
writer pens and the idea is we're going
to make like cute name cards for the
Thanksgiving table but we're practicing
tonight first apparently you're supposed
to like do the skinny lines on the way
up and then the thick lines on the way
down this is harder than it looks
oh I missed the snort can we just snort
left but I didn't for nothing I can't
write soon enough I'll do it so thank
you Marla yeah so Jeremy was making fun
of me and I'm like this is harder than
it look like my lamb stole all the
modern handwriting talent in our family
so how did that sit gonna be it for
tonight Jay house app good night so we
had no idea but Laura and Gemma
matching pajamas
