so we had no idea but Laura and Gemma
have matching pajamas bread butter
good I have no idea what she's singing
with it yeah
trot trot the market to get some red
butter trot trot home and get fall and
the gutter where did you learn that pain
Haley taught me oh good morning I forgot
my sunglasses this morning and it is
super bright but we are headed into the
library we're actually picking up all of
our Christmas books which I'm excited
about
yeah all right well here's all the
Christmas book and two bags up front you
got a lot of reading and styling up to
do this holiday season yeah
there is the man of
you
Oh have a good nap are you cooking with
who's that who is it why Marla so this
is Kendra sister Marla they are visiting
us for Thanksgiving from Utah and her
husband Sam we're so happy to have them
they have two cute adorable little kids
Gemma and Parker Parker's probably yeah
with Caleb and then Gemma sleeping
laughter C Gemma later she is so
adorable
it's a trombone our contractor just
arrived to do the very last touch on our
basement we're excited about it Caleb's
gonna help the door is finally getting a
doorknob what is about okay don't laugh
while you're doing it that loud Parkers
that's loud huh Wow Caleb how do you
like that drill it's good I can do it
really soft watch I'm buildin button
yeah yeah you are building buddy
try it out
Caleb wanted to help is it have you want
me to help you out we could do it
together you want to do it all by
yourself
Oh Gemma likes it she wants to eat it
that's what babies do they stick stuff
in their mouths you're gonna have a baby
sister again soon so you got to get used
to it
what you doing oh you just build in some
stuff Elise did you hear we got in the
mail today yeah you want to try them on
there we go yep
all right try mine
take care all the glasses off
Oh gonna go looking in mirror I don't
like it so cute so you guys okay with
the fact we're having a little sister
yeah it's kind of like we're gonna have
a little
so you just learn this you just got this
this afternoon right Kendra's like
anti-christmas music until after
Thanksgiving I've been listening to it
with my headphones on for probably a
couple weeks now I really like Christmas
music so poll question have you started
listening to Christmas music yet let us
know in the poll the little eye up here
well I just attempted to run like five
errands in a row with my kids and that
was not a good idea especially in the
shoes that I'm wearing today
like really what was I thinking wearing
these while running errands with my
little pregnant belly anyway I have a
little rant I love Christmas I really
really do and it doesn't bother me at
all when people put up their Christmas
trees before Thanksgiving or their
Christmas like like that's awesome
you can listen to all the Christmas
music you want that's great but the way
that I like to do it because
Thanksgiving is my favorite holiday is I
want to let Thanksgiving be Thanksgiving
and so I wait and do the Christmas stuff
after Thanksgiving and that's cool total
a personal preference but what drives me
crazy it's today I went to the store and
there was like only Christmas stuff like
I couldn't even get some of the
Thanksgiving stuff that I was wanting
and they're like oh that's seasonal and
I'm like Thanksgiving hasn't even
happened yet like let there be
Thanksgiving like don't push it
all the way out like cool put the
Christmas stuff in that's great but yeah
so I had to go to three different stores
to get candy corn and people were
telling me that that was only a
Halloween item is it it's candy corn
only a Halloween item cuz we're gonna
make these like cute little turkeys
tonight and I'm like I thought it was
just kind of falling like let there be
fall and then we'll move into Christmas
but anyway that's my little rant for the
day
- dance party I guess
Marla's dancin Sam's getting crazy car
keys get down
I think they're doing something fun over
here so for dessert tonight we're going
to make candy turkeys these little
Pinterest ideas were inspiration this
one and this one and I'm just going to
let the kids get creative from there and
see what we made Laura so we're going to
make little turkeys okay we're going to
make something like that okay stick it
in miss Laura yeah oh good music what do
you want friend knows do you need some
glue hey that's really cute
nailed it can I eat it after dinner okay
got a feel like all right what someone
had some of the turkey who ate all the
turkeys decided to make the church is
trying to get the most food on this
turkey which is a good plan extra extra
cookies I like it
thanks for helping Caleb yeah yeah yeah
so we had no idea but Laura and Gemma
have matching pajamas so now we have to
take a picture okay had to get a picture
of this
well yeah put your arm around okay ready
I think we freaked out
James Anthony had a chance Tommy the
turkey wants to dance yeah
to shake their betters shake them down
we do this song many times every day
during the week of Thanksgiving
Tommy the turkey wants to dance with you
get up on your feet you can do it's
family night tonight so we're doing a
lesson
something with turkeys that can just
prepared she even a lit you laminated
some stuff right there's to be serious
today yeah we also cut it yeah his help
okay ready here's the story I found this
on Pinterest this is not an original
tale the turkey with the terrible temper
once upon a time there was a little
brown turkey who had a terrible temper
he often flew into rages and ran around
until he became the nuisance of the
farmyard one day he lost his temper
about young little thing and he got so
angry he turned bright red the other
turkeys laughed at him and said have
your red red red in the beet red from
your head to the tip of your feet Tom
ran away and hid behind a tree he's
adding salt for a long time when he
calmed down and came out of his hiding
place he was still red he mom and he
grown can you guys grown what was a hard
thing for this turkey he lose his temper
a lot yeah just got mad hmm I'm eating
my turkey read a live turkey huh me too
it's delicious good night Jay house ow
today we are doing the poopy dad for a
challenge this one looks a little too
real
you
