and I find like simple strands of gray
hair here people I don't know if your
nose
the cold weather has blown in this is my
first time to look at my lawn in the
light after I mowed it last night in the
dark looks like it turned out pretty
good are you feeling this morning
cool sure love you Joan another blanket
no pillow so me Laura are playing the
game we're more about superheroes she's
a princess superhero whoa and I am a
superhero
what's your name superhero what is it
from that's a Power Rangers oh oh yeah
I'm one of the Power Rangers and the Red
Power Ranger you're the pink Power
Ranger Josh
Wow okay yeah
Laura be careful with your superpowers
you only have to show me some more moves
real quick sure block block block oh oh
they're both pushing me doing bong
superdad wrong here comes super dad
oh well poor lessee is not feeling good
today and so I'm letting the kids watch
a show while I'm getting ready and I'm
getting ready and I was going to
straighten my hair and I find like
several strands of gray hair here people
I don't know if you're going to see it
my depth up Jeremy come hold the camera
it's right here that's gray hair how am
I getting gray hair I am only 33 that
feels way too young to get gray hair to
me I love being in my 30s like it
doesn't bother me to be in my 30s but
gray hair that makes me feel old
um can you see it can you tell those are
gray hairs you look beautiful
guys I'm going great anyway I wonder
what a normal age is to start having
gray hair I should probably google that
and find out because you know nowadays
with everybody dyeing their hair it's
not like you'd ever know like maybe it's
totally normal to get gray hair when
you're 33 and I just don't know it or
maybe there's something wrong and what I
tell elese every single day is that your
smile is what makes you beautiful and
your heart so anyway not too stressed
about it just kind of weird it out like
what am i eating
so for Thanksgiving we have family that
are coming and they're going to stay in
my office area down here so I haven't
decorated it yet and put my stuff in but
looks like this what are you doing good
this is your office okay what are you
doing right now
what's your work
Oh Oh
you're a lawyer my computer all right
well I'm gonna let you get back to your
your work okay you know that song I have
no idea where it comes from but it goes
like mama said there'd be days like this
there be days like this my mama said
mama said mama said that's just what
keeps running through my mind day like
it's kind of dreary out and it's just
been kind of a blah day with Lisi being
sick and other kids being maybe feeling
a little bit under the weather or just
being a little bit one knee I have a
headache and I have lost my temper a
couple times it feels so bad that I've
snapped out on and anyway like the
dishes aren't done we're behind on stuff
I have no idea we're doing for dinner
but you know what these days just happen
they just happen like not every day in
life is a bunch of roses and sunshiny
rays of sparkly sparkles so today's just
this day I'm hoping we can end it off on
a good note Jeremy should be done
working soon and then hopefully we can
enjoy like a family night with just a
family movie like just cuddle up and go
to bed early an early bedtime I think is
exactly what this family needs
hey Laci hmm
hi bud what you up to
Oh what you working on right now okay I
like your outfit yeah you look sharp
I play this home by myself well it may
be completely cheesy but dancing off my
bad mood and doing the dishes so I've
got a clean space to work on it's making
me feel a lot better so let's do this
let's do this night let's have a good
time as a family what helps you get out
of a bad mood when you're in a bad mood
let me know in the comments below there
was an old lady who swallowed a turkey I
don't know why she swallowed the turkey
but she's always been quirky can you
imagine swallowing a whole turkey that's
a lie yeah that's a live turkey oh I
wouldn't net there wasn't a lady who
swallowed a ball she's not very tall as
she's followed that ball my cheese wall
of the ball to throw with the turkey I
don't know why she swallowed the turkey
but she's always been quirky hmm there
wasn't a lady who swallowed a hat
imagine that she swallowed a hat she
swallowed the hat to cover the ball she
sold the ball to throw with the truth I
don't know why she swallowed the turkey
but she's always been working well I
need to get out of the house tonight and
so I came out shopping to get just a few
things that we need one of the things we
need is a thermometer we currently don't
have one and this kid being sick lately
that's been a big problem so time to get
a new one so we've never done it before
but this year I've been thinking about
getting our family matching Christmas
pajamas and I just walked by the men's
section and check it out
wooden Jeremy look awesome in those
pajamas looks like there's more on the
other side Wow whole question of the day
do you get Christmas pajamas let us know
up here
so we've always used just really simple
thermometers but I'm wanting to make a
change I'm wanting to go a little higher
tech with something that'll be easier to
use with the kids it's kind of hard to
choose you know do I want the ear
thermometer the forehead scan the under
the tongue method and anyway I decided
that I want to try a forehead one well
question how many of you like Kendra put
french fries on your hamburger I know
the whole question was how many of you
like Kendra we all know the answer to
that one reven a little date night
we are stay-at-home date night well we
hope the boys will which mostly just
means getting really unhealthy food and
indulging in it and sitting in the quiet
and visiting all right we're gonna get
to it J how so we're going to a doctor's
appointment for the baby and I'm so
excited to see the baby and hear its
heartbeat
