we're going to a doctor's appointment
for the baby and I'm so excited to see
the baby and hear its heartbeat
eat your breakfast little stink oh oh
yeah yeah I think so did you wake up
super early
yeah so it's not that unusual that Laura
and I get to spend a whole hour awake
hanging out before anybody else is awake
oh isn't it beautiful
I'm feeling so grateful this morning
we've been scurrying around
finishing picking up our house because
some cleaners are coming today and I am
just so excited like that's like every
mom's dream is to just have somebody
else clean the house and so especially
with the basement having just gotten
redone I feel like there's kind of some
drywall dust everywhere and so it'll be
nice to have that taken care of in the
bathrooms they're all going to be clean
at the same time and I'm really grateful
for the help especially with this little
baby I'm worn out and I need the help so
you hear that that's the sound of me not
vacuuming it feels like Christmas
this is hard work are you cheering for
them
well now that our basement is officially
cleaned and we can start moving into it
the first thing we have to do is pull
all the toys out so the toys have been
in the little playroom this whole time
during the construction
are you rediscovering everything that
looks great job team thanks for getting
in there and getting everything out you
know it's that time of year we're
getting ready for Christmas so I want to
go through these toys like throw away
stuff that's just trash donate stuff is
still in good condition that we're just
not using and then organize the stuff
that's left I have dreams
I've dreams of having a clean house
we've got some hard workers over here
we're going to adoptees appointment for
the baby and I'm so excited to see the
baby in here it's heartbeat so Elise is
coming with me to my appointment today
and I'm excited about it it's a simple
ultrasound we already had my 20 week
ultrasound but at that time the baby was
positioned where they can get quite all
the measurements they wanted and so I'm
going back in for another one sorry
excited to see the baby
yeah I'm excited you're here with me it
makes it worth then uh-huh well is
really fun to have you lease with me at
my ultrasound an appointment today I've
never had any of my kids at an
ultrasound before so when the image like
popped up on the screen she was kind of
confused if her she's like it's just
black and white and blotchy and I was
trying to describe to her like what was
what and then the ultrasonographer
switched it over to 3d mode and we could
see the baby's little face any least
just got his big smile on her face and I
was like that's her like that's our baby
that's your little sister and just to
feel the magic of that moment together
and then to be able to see her little
face it made me so excited anyway it
also just made the time go fast to have
somebody there with me while I was
waiting and we got to do some school
work so it was just a fun little special
time now we're home and it's time to
figure out what's going on here so I
just got home and I hear Isaac talking
or something
I find I stumble down the wash them at
your shook out my fur that's his trick
over the door - hey guys what what are
you doing worried you're reading
together in the bathtub
yeah with a costume on to do it yeah day
one a day
so we're all sitting there eating lunch
and Laura says I'm all done and she
pushes back from the table with her feet
and it makes her chair tip back and I'm
like no but I'm across the room and I
couldn't get to her in any way she fell
back in her head hit against the floor
was so son do you have an owie
trying to tell him about it and colder
you got hurt where'd you get hurt
rolled on a chair
where's your ally on your head mmm
you're gonna snuggle with mommy sure let
me pick down
so I just got back home I ran I got some
pizza for dinner tonight and it is pitch
black out a drew brees mowing the lawn
but you guys have to see this
Jeremie claims he can see what's funny
was I was feeling crazy that I was
knowing at night and then my neighbor
started pulling out his lawnmower
but his lawnmower has headlights and it
drives good luck about me I love you oh
all right I'm gonna get back to mowing
Laurie come inside we're gonna have
pizza so when I was driving to get the
pizza I was at a stoplight and there
were some sirens coming up behind me
like a police or ambulance and anyway I
just got all choked up and just sitting
there just started crying and it just
then I just started laughing and Laura
was like what's wrong with you but I cry
whenever I hear ambulances they just get
me all emotional in the way everybody
like even though we were stuck at a
stoplight everybody like tried their
best mover out of the way so the
ambulance could get by like that just
gets me every single time I'm a crier
pizza cucumbers and grapes for dinner
with the crew while Dad mows the lawn
the kids got cheese pizza Jeremy got a
supreme pizza and I got what's called a
pizza salad check this out you have this
cheese on the crust and then you top it
with the salad so then I put this like
pesto dressing on it what this is so
good I'm glad
papi and I could turn all the lights
you're nervous about being dark out well
the show they'll have the lights off for
the show and you can watch the show
I see
Oh
goodnight - now you have any advice to
any kids that have a hard time learning
to read it makes you want to give up
kind of what do you do when you want to
give it down never been without the cave
