do you have any advice to any kids that
have a hard time learning to read it
makes you want to give up kind of what
do you do when you want to give it down
without the cave yeah it's just right
there jumping away good morning I'm
having one of my favorite breakfast this
morning which is yogurt with granola and
some fruit in it and I've got apples and
raspberries in here and as I was putting
the classroom in there I was thinking
about grateful raspberries and the
things I'm grateful for today and I'm so
excited because our basement is almost
done we're going to be able to clean up
that space and start moving you know our
toys and the things that we're wanting
to put back into there and enjoying it
again and I'm excited for Jeremy to have
the office space down there and I'm just
really grateful to like this November
has been so warm like the kids have been
able to play outside and enjoy it so
much so we're going to enjoy some of
these last warm days of November and
yeah that's what I'm feeling grateful
for today
sure
looks so pretty
thanks for cleaning out the bathroom big
girl
we need gotta stop and go wide away wash
and plush MP on your way
yeah you can literally jump on here well
several years ago we were given these
couches from someone who was getting rid
of them and we're ready to get rid of it
as we're finishing up the basement here
we're wanting to clean it up and maybe
put some new stuff in here so there's an
organization where they pick up stuff
for the refugee families in the Kansas
City area and so we're going to be
giving these couches and other furniture
to them little miss lordalu uncle Travis
is here helping Jeremy the kids are
watching and cheering the cheering
section moved over here so they can
bring a chair down from upstairs this is
the infamous green chair it's destroyed
a wall upstairs
Wow Thank You chair doing a headstand so
all of these pieces of furniture were
such a blessing when they came into our
lives anyway we're excited to be able to
buy some furniture of our own that
really goes with the room and kind of is
the decor that we're wanting and we're
grateful to be able to pass this on
hopefully it can give Lessing in someone
else's life
nor their taking them to give them to
families that don't have furniture loora
loora they're gonna give him to families
that don't have furniture we're gonna
share it yeah we have so much stuff
we're gonna share with other people and
get new stuff where our family's gonna
be just fine Laura so the refugees that
will be ting this stuff are from the
Congo or Rwanda they've been living in
refugee camps for five to ten years
before they come to the Kansas City area
and they come with nothing and so we're
happy for them to come and it's nice the
organization that's doing this actually
comes to our house to pick up this stuff
I remember a lot of stuff without this
yeah did you know that that green chair
we got it for your nursery no yeah it's
been with you from the beginning you
know when I think of memories of that
green sugar I think of reading and
singing to the kids putting them to bed
at night my favorite memory that I have
to say is with those couches Caleb's
daredevil flips jumping off of we used
to replay that
we both would do it the same those are
some good memories we had right on track
she might not have noticed but I did get
some new pants you look great in um babe
you look all that size small but ended
up going with the movie yes
all right we're all loaded up by four
and carry me
caleb is doing some acrobatics here
today
nice show me another trick when we
decided to come out to the zoo this
afternoon the weather's gorgeous and I
had like a free pass to get in and so we
decided to come try it
unfortunately Caleb chose to disobey and
so he is staying home with dad and
having some quiet time and so I've got
the other three kids with me and we got
to meet up with Jeremy's brother and
sister-in-law Travis and Ashley and
their kids so we're going to see some
animals and enjoy this gorgeous weather
sound isn't 8 make I know what's the
matter
I can't wait you can't reach it no not
quite
way up here tangos are integers yeah
good idea miss Laura no no we actually
can't go you have the hiccups yeah how
does it go well this is one of the rare
times but caleb is sleeping in the
middle of the day so Isaac's been
looking at this information about Tigers
and he said he's concerned that Tigers
are going to go completely extinct and
it's true like they have small numbers
they're definitely endangered all of the
ones a laughable have less than 2000 and
like three or four have lower than 1000
that's a small number well we decided to
stop and draw pictures of the Tigers
maybe you there's Isaac all right
here's Lee sees Tiger good job thank hey
buddy you want to come help me out yeah
let's make dinner
this is so pretty
there's a kangaroo right there never
been this without the cage yeah it's
just right there jumping away Laura what
you see those aren't Gaudi are they
leaping Laura do you know what they're
called Kangaroos King kangaroos you guys
hop like a kangaroo Laura showed me how
kangaroo hops well a lot of you been
asking about what we're doing in the
basement we just were putting a wall up
down here so that I could have an office
space in the back part of this basement
I've been working out of the closet for
a while now and it'll be nice to have my
own little space down here
all right it's closing time the zoo is
emptying out and we are heading home to
have some dinner and maybe do something
else tonight we'll see how much energy I
have once we get home stir in thanks big
girl dad let's pretend we run a
restaurant we're gonna serve the food
uh-huh
I love uh Caleb's holding it over his
head
alright well here's my dinner I was so
grateful to come home and Jeremy had
already made this and now I just get to
eat it did you draw that yeah what is it
I said person like my mom it's your mom
pretty good for her sure
I need drop some of the hat
okay go draw some more heads my mom
where's dad
he's that one right there yeah he did
such a good job baby see little daddy
baby your Chiefs player why caleb
believes that his shirt needs to be
tucked in and his shorts pulled up to
the hiccups
how many helped you and stick it through
here
you did it
I'm reading this I'm area by Delia book
you were doing such a good job I was
listening to you was everything she's so
great
um my level is too but I'm but this is
three so put it I'm so proud of work so
we're working on it and we change our
movement Delia Maddy Leah's Oh like
cousin to Bob because the name is too
hard so if you missed it in one of our
previous videos we explained that Elise
has dyslexia just like her dad and we've
been using some new curriculum and some
new learning tools this year and it's
really she's making so much progress and
we're so inspired by her she worked so
hard like even though readings not
something that comes super naturally to
her like she and I are just really
enjoying working on it together and
every day she works at it and works at
it and look at this you are reading a a
three-level book yeah you are Boudreaux
hailey see do you have any advice to any
kids that have a hard time learning to
read um if you have dyslexia just try
hard but sometimes it's hard to read
yeah you get discouraged sometimes too
huh
it makes you want to give up kind of
what do you do when you want to give it
ask mom for help
yeah and sound it out we love you we're
so proud of you yay thank you foolish
pants do I
I got the giggles you did real laughing
so I'm raising yesterday with legal you
read well I had a good time with my
friends at the luncheon I was able to
somehow with some a Jeremy's help like
hurry and get our house clean before
they came but I wanted to show you how
we did it so funny because in my brain
you know they like picture of those how
cute
