well I had a good time with my friends
at the luncheon I was able to somehow
with somebody ramiz help like hurry and
get our house clean before they came but
I wanted to show you how we did it
because in my brain you know they like
picture of those watch it with the eye
and throw it in the air for Laura and I
think you guys we got to get ready for
school
come on hey go get your clothes on brush
your teeth make your bed so all of our
kids are so snuggly they all love to
snuggle so much I love that leave now
saw each other a lot alright so this
morning the kids have school we
homeschool our kids but one day a week
we take them to a private school and so
you need to go get ready come on come on
just a spontaneous morning you're good
make sure you put your bowl in the sink
okay okay mitzvah girl
you're making your bed big girl you are
so stinking cute
I adore mrs. Amador till you get over
you get all dressed up be seen I have
been having a lot of fun doing her hair
the last couple days it's pretty getting
creative I really need to check out some
of those like tutorial places but for
right now we're just winging it we're
going to put this on the bun hmmm she
likes buns
I wonder why all right should we put it
here yeah
or here okay Laura get in the car are
you guys have fun at school have fun
working dad I will love you guys
you can buckle in yeah cam buckle did
talk sure welcome home yep totally just
having a random laughing attack in the
middle of the day I'm looking through
these pictures that we took this morning
and I was like wanting this like cute
certain kind of a picture and they owe
some money cuz in my brain you know they
like picture of those anyway Oh back to
work lemon Laura is over there playing
with her right she keeps looking at me
like what are you laughing at I'm like
this Victor's diction
waitwhat a making what food what do you
think I couldn't understand because you
weren't on food what kind of food my
helium oh these are mushrooms mmm love
mushrooms so while the big kids are at
their home school enrichment program
today I invited some of my friends and
their little toddlers over for a
luncheon so I could just you know enjoy
time visiting with my friends and Laura
could play with some of her friends it
should be fun I'm making some soup my
lasagna soup which is my favorite and
then we're gonna have apples and dip and
some rolls and just eat and visit well I
had a good time with my friends of the
luncheon sorry I was too shy to film
while they were all here but I was
looking around and seeing how you know I
was able to somehow with some of
Jeremy's help like hurry and get our
house clean before they came but I
wanted to show you how we did it so we
started by actually cleaning up and then
we're like oh my gosh we're running out
of time so pretty soon we just started
dumping everything and Jeremy a nice
room and then I shut the door so my
friends couldn't see it
do you do that ever when you clean up
for company so here's what Jeremy nice
bedroom looks like I just dumped all of
that in here which is kinda silly
because now I have to clean that up but
sometimes like there's a different kind
of cleaning method that you use when
you're in a big hurry so anyway I better
go
well we have a busy afternoon and
evening with sports club and my picking
up the kids from school and I'm running
late and of course I'm out of gas you
need Isaac's with me running errands how
you doing all right so Isaac and I are
running together in the high B and we're
picking out what we need Gatorade and
cupcakes yes for the party
for Sports Club we're also ordering
pizza it's just going to be a fun
evening so what kind of cupcakes should
we get chocolate or vanilla I think more
people up here for chocolate that I
suppose
I wonder if we could find a combo let's
see what we can find what do you think
pol do you prefer vanilla or chocolate
cupcakes let us know up here I think we
found the perfect cupcakes what do you
think football Kansas City Chiefs this
is great or we could do a big cookie
okay all right so one pack of chocolate
cupcakes and one pack of vanilla
cupcakes onto Gatorade let's go sports
drinks il-14 little
he chose grape and orange well I think
that was like a personal world record
for getting in and out of the grocery
store quickly I should have timed it but
also helped because hi me our favorite
grocery store has reserved parking for
new and expecting moms totally an
expecting mom here people so I got front
row parking isn't that awesome
I love this place alright it's the final
day of split split so we're doing a
party today we're going to play some
football and basketball
well the house is all quiet I got the
girls to bed and I'm assuming that
Jeremy fell asleep with the boys like he
was supposed to be putting caleb to bed
but it's been a long time so i'm going
to go check and see but sometimes he
like lays down next to Caleb and I bet
he's totally passed out
I love playing Caleb to bed did you play
sleep let me move such a house out Jay
how's that I think this is a zip people
