I think this is a zip people
what do you think of that
so Caleb you see how it's not level here
they're coming and they're gonna add a
whole new part of the street well the
kids are building with baseball cards
this morning you're looking like you're
doing it really well Caleb is it hard or
easy to build these Oh hard it takes a
lot of patience huh hey have you guys
all had him fall over yeah I'm proud of
you guys for keeping trying
you're being so careful Caleb whoa
yes he's had a few built
oh that one came undone kay you keep
trying and I'll come video one when you
got it okay did you get it good job big
guy
nice work Caleb oh no it's okay buddy
you'll get it you'll get it oh good job
guys every times it falls over you're
learning something
oh good work
you did it bud it does the exact house
the zigzag house speaks dad take that
you know back
so there's parts of our street that are
pretty messed up and they're coming out
and fixing that so it'll be neat for the
kids to get to actually see right Caleb
Caleb step away from the saw I know come
here there we go he like wants to get as
close as you can to any sharp objects
how amazing is it that we have streets
everywhere
like there didn't used to be streets at
one point not like this and everywhere
around us I mean they lay down the
gravel they flatten it out and then they
lay this stuff on it anyway we're gonna
get to see the whole process but it's
something we totally take for granted is
all the years and years and years of
people building streets so that we can
travel around sighs I told me he had a
sore right by his mouth and so I got the
chapstick out for me and I was looking
at it I think this is a zit people what
is it as it is a blemish it's something
that like teenagers and sometimes some
adults get and it's I asked oil buildup
on your face you have is it where's use
it remember I remember did you get more
lotion no how do you hear did you go
where did him even get there off you
just have to wait it out oh my gosh it
does look like a zit regardless you
definitely have a mustache growing
mustache that's growing Isaac said oh
you have a mustache well getting any
boys are big yeah head of hair just
ignored us everyone has hairs there's a
little question of the day when did you
get your first zit I don't have any
recollection but I swear I was like 11
or 12 or something you are just growing
up mister man what do you think of
having your first bit mmm it just feels
normal but I kind of feel I get to soar
yeah I don't know
Melora just had a potty accident and
she's been doing so well but we still
get accidents so I'm giving her a middle
of the day back I'm taking a bath what
are you playing with your froggy show me
your froggy I decided to let Laura
finger paint in the bathtub look back to
finger paints she's having a good time
what are they doing picking it up
Wow
what so Caleb do you remember when that
guy was out here spring the street with
paint that was to help the guys with the
tractors know where the pipes were
I made this great Bank here at Cannon
alright now we're going to do this short
sound for the letter e zoom in another
short yeah
okay so put your arm short e F F now
it's the long e e long sound cake so now
we're going to learn the letter i Lisi
is reviewing long short vowels and
Caleb's learning them so we're doing it
together now we're going to play a game
and I'm gonna make a sound of it's the
short sound you do your short arms and
if it's a long sound you do your lobes
you can't still stand up stand up on
your chairs everything is more fun if
you're standing on your kitchen chair oh
yeah you definitely have to tuck in that
shirt I don't know if it's tucked in
good enough yet but I think you got it
okay ready here comes the first sound oh
all I a
oh I do
what you doing oh you're rebuilding the
table what were you using screwdriver
what's Laurie doing oh she's helping a
nurse and I just realized caleb is
actually dismantling our table outside
not just pretending I totally thought he
was just playing around under there the
screwdriver and then he comes in and
he's got these like brackets he's taken
off and all these screws I'm like oh my
goodness and Laura is pretending to be a
baby today and it's not annoying not one
little bit you're a baby
Caleb's recruited Isaac everybody's
helping how's it going buddy still under
construction maybe for a day or two so
what's your plan with the table we're
understanding it make it look nicer
what we'll do I need
oh good shot Caleb
thank you she helping you out now days
ago I got a new second
who are these tying shoes we love it
when some of our neighbor friends come
over to play and they let us use an egg
tonight for dinner because our eggs had
gone bad and we needed an egg it all
worked out well I am feeling better
today definitely not 100% yet but better
which I'm really really grateful for and
what I've been working on today is
actually getting ready for Thanksgiving
next week so Thanksgiving I am hosting
this year there's make 20 people at our
house and I have my sister and our
husband coming in from out of state and
so they're going to be here all week
next week and I'm really excited I'm
really looking forward to it both
everything that's been going on in the
last couple weeks life has been so so
busy our basement is just finishing up
construction and with the preterm labor
stuff and a home school and the kids
I've just been really kind of
overwhelmed and I'm determined like I do
not want to stress this like holiday
season I just want to enjoy the holidays
with my family and so I decided to
simplify in ways that I could so I just
got off the phone with a local bakery
and I ordered a chocolate cream pie and
a pumpkin pie so my think you guys are
just done and then I also talked to our
local grocery store and they will
actually cook your Thanksgiving turkey
for you and I'm still like super
squeamish around meat and so that's a
really big blessing for me that's
something I don't even have to stress
about they can just cook the turkey so I
kind of feel like I'm cheating the
system here but I also feel like I
I mean I've never done this kind of
stuff before I always just do it myself
but I feel like this year it's really
important for me to take a step back and
just simplify where I can and take care
of myself
oh I saved the very best for last I also
found someone who I can hire to come in
just a couple of days and help me clean
the whole house with the basement
construction the whole house has just
gotten dusty and when I was having the
preterm labor stuff like it our house
just really needs to be cleaned and so
I'm so excited to get the help that I
need and I feel I don't know humbled by
it embarrassed maybe that I can't just
do it myself but there's times in our
life when we have to say like no like
I'm gonna prioritize the things that
matter most I'm going to love on my
babies I'm going to have fun with my
family and where I can get help
I'm gonna get help like I think that can
be wisdom not laziness and I was just
trying to find that right balance and
now I've been babbling on way too long
back to you Bob all right for dinner
we're having one of our favorite meals
which is this baked chicken it's breaded
and it's really not that hard to make
but we love it the kids eat it really
well and we're doing some french fries
with it yeah right here kinda I think it
might be Isaac do you know what it's
called not as if it's called a zit it
yep and you do not have one nope it's
just some ketchup I think no I left it
off then you go wipe again are you
showing cookies we both said sad cookies
Kendra's like all I want tonight is some
warm cookies I was craving these I
didn't want to make them so super lazy
and then I burned them like so we just
are doing some other ones now yeah I got
a watch that batch though yeah that's it
for tonight J house' is it a bobcat I
don't know let's take a look
what are you scared of coming clean
