is it a Bob check I don't know let's
take a look what are you scared of
what's she doing
look at the cards or which ones you like
the pink one my birthday present that's
my birthday they were many moments now
that says Mary like Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas yeah
do you like it's got all the sprinkles
on it oh and it's cool he's really cool
good morning well I have told you guys
that I am working on getting ready for
Christmas I my goal is do you all ready
for Christmas by Thanksgiving and so one
of those things I need to do is get the
Christmas cards right for all those
wonderful people in our lives so we just
got a bunch of awesome cards from
Hallmark signature and I'm excited to
show them to the kids and let them help
me pick out who they should go to guys
there's a real bells in here nesting
jingle bells these are not ordinary
cards these have ornaments on them and
just the embellishments are gorgeous
check it to contribute to Judy well
we're really grateful because today's
video is sponsored by hallmark signature
and they sent us these amazing hallmark
signature so you guys see the Snowman
here yeah that's an ornament a Christmas
tree ornament so the other one that's an
ornament is this one right here where it
says peace on earth well I think Papa
and grandma would like that one more
peace on earth and in your heart we got
to spend a lot of time with my parents
grandmom Papa this year and it was
really significant time because with a
time that we spend with them they were
really focusing on our kids on teaching
them on loving them on being with them
and you know just in the last month or
two we got to go and spend a whole week
at my parents cabin with them and just
the memories that were made there you
know we had the internet off the TV
wasn't around and we got to build and
create and bake and
eat and play and my parents shared
stories from their childhood and stories
of their parents with my children and so
seeing the passion and the love and the
heritage that they're passing on to my
children is just so tender to me I am so
blessed to have them in my life and it's
hard we don't live near them and so
we're not going to get to be with them
this Christmas and so we definitely want
to send them a card and send them our
love and just let them know how much
we're thinking of them and how
extraordinary they are in our lives
there's a link in the description box
for homework signature and you can also
find these cards where ever Hallmark
cards are sold in the card aisle why did
you write your name yeah you sure did
okay mommy's turn to sign it
Bible through these cards and I narrowed
it down to my top five favorite so I'm
going to put them up here in the poll so
you guys can vote and tell us which one
your favorite one is here they are peace
on earth with the ornament the jingle
bells card the Train gorgeous Christmas
present or the one with the sprinkles
that reminds me of making Christmas
cookies with my mom okay we're heading
off to church Laura I like your bow tie
bears oh did you take a picture of your
teddy bear
you guys have fun at church what did you
learn about a church uh I learned about
basically songs you sing some songs
uh-huh I'm not about service okay I
learned about saying thank you Laura
would you learn about it Church meat did
you eat some snacks you were a lucky
lucky soul so this afternoon I am not
feeling good all that sounded good to me
was to take a warm shower and now I'm
just exhausted and I think I'm getting
what Caleb had I have a headache and a
sore throat I'm just tired so luckily
Jeremy is going to hang out with the
kids and let me rest and I feel like on
like Facebook and Instagram and Twitter
I feel like all my friends are saying
that they're sick and you know even
people in other parts of the country
it's like oh no our family's sick it's
just that time of year so in the comment
have you been struck with sickness yet
this season let us know it's lame but as
far as sicknesses go this one's actually
pretty mild like it's just a fever a
headache a sore throat I'm not like
dying or anything leave and carpet they
should turn this into an Olympic sport
kept it moving really get your arms into
it
so we've had a super busy week and every
day the trash
I know needs to go up but I keep just
putting it off and I'll push down all of
this stuff and start making piles on top
of it this has just gotten out of hand
so can't want to learn more players and
so I made outline of just players in
here and I'd say the name and then he
would say thank you he likes it you
writing down the names of the players
yeah tend to get up how are you so right
after Laura's nap she wasn't really
feeling like walking so I got the
stroller out for
that's you
what are you scared of I don't know you
guys I think that's just a cat yes it
just looks like a cat so it's not
dangerous
yeah all right we're good
do you want the kitty yeah no I think
the kitty went off honey
get her you need to get her the kitty
what are you gonna do with the kitty
unfair I'm like like this you're gonna
grab the kitty on her throat okay I can
say hide her okay I just can't look at
me I'm getting you under her
funny guys it's time to go good night
dear Sam
