so we tried to smooth out the tires and
remove some of the extra weight that's
on the tires I think I'm gonna make it
worse rather than better though I really
don't know what I'm doing I watched a
couple of YouTube videos and I'm trying
but I promise that before you're done
making fine wood derbies like maybe in a
couple of years we'll figure this out
and do it really good so I am completely
brain-dead this morning like I keep
trying to access my brain and it's not
working like my sister-in-laws and I are
texting about plans for the day and I'm
like what's going on like what's
happening like I just don't there's like
no connection firing all right so we're
hoping that it veers a little bit to the
left I don't know if it's supposed to be
R that much so what did we decide to
name the car American dream
okay how much is this supposed to weigh
buddy five if we got it guys it looks
like we're going to need to take out
some weight five ounces I love that this
has a spoon
Isak indeed ready set go
did you win one of them
again
and I suppose our returning champion
tomorrow
photo finish close good you've already
to call this year there and with my
Queen to me Miami News they're fighting
one of them fix it to us the other one
doesn't think it's O
one of the judges thought it was all
another judge thought it wasn't so after
the Pinewood Derby kinder came to a
sensi party but I'm coming to test out
this smells so I met a sensi party and I
cannot decide on the smells they all
smell so good so Jeremy's stopping by to
having let's do this so as you're
smelling these different scents you
eventually lose the ability to smell
anything
so it's funnier that's why you needed
help okay so guys we had it narrowed
down to welcome home or a chai cozy
fireside again it's not really good I
love good smelling stuff and having our
house smell nice or cars smell nice I
love to hear in the comments below what
are some of your favourite scents like
french vanilla or pine tree in the
winter or cinnamon or apple or just let
us know in the comments what are your
favourite scents today has been a very
busy Saturday you know I feel like it's
one of those days where you're like
running from one thing to the next to
the next and luckily they're all fun and
good things so now we're on our way to a
play
you see Beauty and the Beast our niece
is actually in it so that's going to be
awesome we'll be beating up a family
there
Phylis muscles
well it's finally getting cold enough
for the kids to get jackets on it's been
so warm this November you okay yeah yeah
these are your Cheers
so me and Caleb bitter race me walking
versus him spring key it ended up as an
exact tie so you wanted a rematch Kaley
see you got a walk on your mark get set
go
all right who wants some dinner look at
the moon tonight you guys so pretty so
with it being a little bit cooler
outside you can start to smell people
using their fireplace and to me that
just smells like the holidays that smell
of a wood-burning fire
good job stir in you set in the table
for us but girl thanks for setting the
table the girl bully are exhausted it's
been a long day and a busy week but
we're grateful we're out on a date night
we're gonna sit down and relax and eat
dinner together
so last weekend on our date night we
bought made clothes and this weekend we
are shopping for Jeremy because he
doesn't need to wear suits every day
anymore like he used to because he's
working from home and so he's meeting so
I'm just more comfortable home need
clothes basically he wants to work in
his pajamas but he doesn't want to look
ridiculous
look at it we're gonna really good there
totally blessed that Christmas music
they are there's Christmas everything
all right
so this jack is supersoft it is it's
just super duper so what do you think
sorry maybe when I phone
birth we're doing March so I should get
better after that those are a little
left
Wow hey walk over here so we can see you
better
I just it's funny when you haven't worn
a certain style like I remember when I
first tried on skinny jeans it just
feels wrong but and yet so right so are
those too tight these are the size small
and I don't know where a medium but I
want all right folks we are gonna make
that man go to media somebody's m1 so
dreamy is that shirt too small no if
it's just right my stomach's just too
big so what are you guys think of
joggers this is the style where they
come down to a little elastic down here
what do you think about that I never
done it not just what do you think of
joggers on Jeremy what do you think
they're joggers in general yeah gonna
verify cuz I mean I know what you think
of this hey I think these ones aren't
mad I I mean they look comfortable yeah
this is so much better than a suit I
used to wear a suit an attack all the
time so this is liberating way better
feeling free yeah we're so
sleep-deprived that it's reached though
like everything's funny level yeah
- down your throat it hurts and on your
head it hurts you've got a fever
whoa all right police has narrowed it
down a little bit further
