near the road it hurts and on your head
it hurts you got a fever
oh all right police has narrowed it down
a little bit further one years old that
stuck
wait is it the stuff that comes off of
the clothes no it's like mold or mildew
errs oh so I haven't cleaned our
front-loading washing-machine in a while
and it smells and so I'm deep cleaning
it today Caleb shining the light on here
showing what we're doing do you guys see
that disgustingness
so that is why our front-loading
washing-machine stinks and that is why
we are cleaning it alright mr. Caleb
uh-oh
it doesn't say her witch's ah are like a
pirate good job two-letter got it let's
see it to letter
Laura's turn she's looking for one
what'd you find Laura E let's see what
is it Caleb
buh let's turn it over it goes this way
what letter is it but but good job is
Laura it is so keep watching Laura do
this game with the big kids cuz she just
picks up the flashcards and basically
sounds like a monkey she's like ooh at
whoo IEE
and then we tried to tell her the right
sound and she mimics it but she's just
having fun with a flashlight she doesn't
know what we're doing it says what what
whoa whoa what whoa well I can't
remember what what no it does it says
all right well I'm fighting off a case
of the grumpies this morning like I just
woke up grumpy and everything is
irritating me so hopefully we didn't get
out of that bad mood and still have a
great day
well I decided to try to cure my
grumpiness by getting outside and
finding something to be grateful for and
it is gorgeous outside today a little
bit chilly and a little bit windy but
sun is shining and there's beautiful
fall leaves and my kids are up on the
farm that's what we're doing how do you
try to cure your grumpy days like when
you just wake up on the wrong side of
the bed and everything makes you
irritated what do you do let us know in
the comments below I'd love to hear your
suggestions how can I stay grumpy when
this is my view this is awesome I'm
grateful for my kids I'm grateful for
the sunshine I'm grateful for their
people whether I'm grateful for the
holidays ahead I am grateful for the
birds that I hear singing I'm grateful
for our veterans who have served for us
in the military well we decided to sit
down here in the woods on the path and
read together we are reading The
Listening Rock and leaf jumpers so we're
going on a listening walk now just like
in the book and trying to hear as many
different sounds in the forest as we can
so I've acted like these are some of my
favorite moments as a mother just being
with my kids by Lee's
well apparently it's pretty windy out
there today glad I didn't spend a too
much time doing my hair this morning
so elese has been specifically wanting
to go to a park with the monkey bars to
show me how she does the monkey bars and
then the park we went to today doesn't
have monkey bars and so on our way to
the next spot we stopped at this other
Park just so she could show me her
monkey bars let's see it girl
see I spell scan
I'm so bad at Yale so we get home and
Caleb like curls up on my lap and he's
like extra snugly and he's like mom I
just want you to hold me when I feel his
forehead and he's totally warm so anyway
then he won't eat his lunch he says he's
just not hungry and then he goes and
climbs on his bed and just asks for a
warm blanket he's like I don't know
what's wrong with me I'm like dude I
know what's wrong with you so hopefully
he's not to sake hopefully he gets
better soon how you doing big guy
good good where's your body hurt thank
you right here am I in in my spell your
throat it hurts and on your head it
hurts you got a fever you're doing a
good job you know snuggled up you got
some fun books here buddy in that view
Elyse has been working on this awesome
drawing of herself as a doctor she's got
a nametag and a stethoscope that's
really cool I didn't know you want to be
a doctor well I just drew that because
Caleb was a little sick oh so you want
to help take care of him yeah that's
fantastic okay do you remember what our
job is today yeah what do we have to get
glasses we have to pick out glasses whoa
all right Elyse has narrowed it down a
little bit further we're down to five
choices and how many are you choosing
Lisi - you're gonna get two different
pairs of glasses mm-hmm one let's do a
pool pull a pole you want to pull the
viewers mm-hmm and see which one they
like the best
uh-huh all right so there's the pink one
blue these are like the cat eyes they're
a little bit pointy or do you see that
Lisa and there's these black ones where
there's these purple ones the problem is
you look so pretty in all of them I kind
of want that one or that one or this one
this one or that I think you've named
every possible combination so which
one's your very
favorite the pink ones your very top
favorite you don't think you've had
paint glasses before have you it's hard
it is hard to choose Isaac and I are
doing some of the final preparations on
the pinewood derby car and we need to
pick up some stuff to finish off all
right we're getting the sandpaper for
the axles and the wheels well they
didn't have everything we needed
so we're heading to another story well
it is clean and it smells good I'm so
happy with it
it looks so much better and you know it
did take some time but did not take as
much time as I thought it would take and
now it'll be easier to just do like a
small amount regularly to keep it clean
oh I just clean things like getting
stuff off of my to-do list makes me so
happy all right we got to get one more
place well this afternoon what we are
building ran various oh excuse me it's
approximately four o'clock in the
afternoon I think this is still
afternoon cubby is it starting to get
dark out so it feels like evening yeah
that's a lot I feel like I know it's
crazy
anywho whatever time of day it is here's
the cranberries here's the toothpicks
and the kids are building things with
them and making a home oh yes it does
look like a sucker doesn't it what we
still couldn't find what we were looking
for but at least there is an amazing
sunset right so the item we've been
looking for is graphite it's the powder
that you stick in between the wheels and
the axle to make it go really fast and
we can't find it anywhere
I just realized that Laura's not wearing
a pink shirt she's wearing her shirt
backwards miss Laura you look so nice
did you put on your clothes all by
yourself mm-hmm she took herself to the
bathroom and decided to change her
clothes and so she came out wearing this
pink shirt and I was like that's cool no
problem I didn't realize that it was
completely on backwards Kayla what are
you making house a house so it's gonna
be the one that was in the backyard oh
very cool Lucy what are you building a
house also
what kind of house oh my husband I'm
going to have oh very cool
making a model Oh a model not your real
house this is mine this is a model -
thanks for clarifying Solis you're not
actually gonna live in a house made of
cranberries and toothpicks yeah it's
probably a good idea
what are you doing miss Laura are you
pretending oh you're not pretending
we were able to find a friend that's
going to let us use their graphite now
we're picking up some pizza do you see
those grooves so the boys are working on
the axle they are yeah so the moving it
the nails come with these metal groups
and so you have to use a file I don't
have normal tools so this is my
fingernail file but it worked so I was
able to remove the grooves and then we
got a bunch of other sandpaper the
pizza's done I was gonna say more
importantly it's time for pizza yay and
time to clean my oven kendra has little
sticky notes all over the computer and
everywhere that are like cleaning the
oven we're gonna do it tonight yes so
cleaning the oven is not a big deal if
you do it at night but I've never think
of it until I need to be putting dinner
in and that's not the right time to be
cleaning the oven so I'm determined I'm
going to remember tonight I'm cleaning
my oven so I'm not super impressed with
Kendra she's in a really motivated last
couple days and she's just getting tons
of stuff done and it's exciting it's
amazing how much you can get done in it
when you're not vomiting from morning
sickness or contracting with routine
labor we really will have a little
person in our life which will also make
it hard to get a lot more stuff they're
cute they're cute but then it's hard to
get other stuff yeah tiredness don't do
all right here's our disgusting oven and
I'm going to be cleaning it with baking
soda and water
whoa what are you doing playing it on
the oven is so weird
it is really weird I think that just
makes it dirtier okay so leasing out we
do is we're gonna spray it with water
until it's all wet right right of course
you can do you feel like Cinderella Hey
working working working
why do you shop on there it's not salt
it's baking soda we're cleaning it I
need water
yeah Jamie yeah
does it look messy yeah yeah we'll clean
it up oh okay okay all right we're gonna
let the baking soda water mixture sit
overnight but if you can't tell already
I have no idea what I'm doing just
scrubbing the racks
apparently these used to be silver -
down smells like what
