smells like okay Isaac how long do the
rules say it's supposed to be it's
supposed to be seven inches
all right let's measure it out we're
about right it is locked okay so now
we're using a finer sandpaper and that's
gonna make it even smoother I'll give it
a few huh that's as smooth as the bottom
loser huh you mean the bottom of the
wood oh yeah no the bottom so pleasure
that I get to smooth as a baby's bottom
okay so okay Laura what are you all
dressed up for thank I sick is going to
paint his pinewood derby car and so I
got out these other like wooden
figurines that I had on hand to let the
other kids paint - Caleb what you doing
bud okay oh you dropped your paintbrush
all right you guys ready to go which
color
oh that is very nice all right Isaac
what theme are you doing for your car
I'm doing the American flag very cool so
red white and blue then oh I love
Laura's paint tray guess what
um look watching I'm makin her lawn what
football team did Keith Oh Isaac that
looks awesome
this is a big girl she's at a Royals
game very cool where does this family
live just in the forest but they have a
house oh did you get some faint on your
fingers ah what's the matter
we can wash up your hands Isaac I love
it
alright the pinewood derby car is ready
to dry and here is Elise's little family
I really like the family you did a great
job I did the two boys have black on
them and the two girls have white on
them oh there's some difference and all
of them have brown hair because you're
doing a family picture oh so that's why
they're kind of coordinated well it
looks really nice well my throat is
hurting this morning and I'm feeling
just like extra tired so I really hope
I'm not getting sick I'm not sick yet
but like in the back of my mind I'm like
oh no oh no I don't want to get sick
alright so the builders are here again
today and the boys went down to see what
they're doing so let's see well they're
covering the room in plastic again
because they're getting ready to sand
and paint so they're like taping off the
edges and covering everything when Laura
is playing with some beans today and I
decided to get out did it turn I decided
to get out my salad spinner for her and
she's really enjoying it shoot case from
how that works
we gonna make me for dinner huh
you're gonna make me popcorn Laura had
to have a bun today this morning I was
getting ready and I had done Lucy's hair
and put in her bun and I put my hair in
a bun and Laura came running into my
bathroom and she goes mommy you forgot
to do my hair in a bun like she wanted
to be matching just like us so we're
driving along and Elise says mom I see
somebody up there they're riding on the
wires they're ziplining on the like
electrical wires I'm like oh honey no
there's nobody up there maybe there's
somebody fixing edge like know there's
somebody riding a zipline and we pull
into the parking lot and she's totally
right there's like a play thing here and
it has a zip line built-in next to it
anyway just shows you that kids are
smarter than you think and you gotta
listen to them because I was like um
she's crazy
this is the aftermath of us going to the
library do they even know I'm here
do they even know
oh he does Hey all right so today we are
going to explore the inside of these
cranberries and taste them and hopefully
make some homemade cranberry sauce which
I've never done before so we'll see how
it turns out okay you guys remember do
cranberries float or not float float
well what makes them float because they
have four holes in it if four pockets of
air okay can you guys feel these you're
gonna get one to feel they are they soft
or hard hard medium can you squeeze them
really oh I like that other fruit we
tried recently pomegranate yeah okay so
we're going to cut it open whoa so you
guys can see the four pockets of air and
the seeds how big are the seeds tiny
pretty small I need
okay yeah they're tiny tiny then when
you cut them this direction you can see
the other way that it's cut hey who
wants to taste a cranberry please okay
so it's gonna taste different cooked
than raw just cool like an apple bolo
shower yeah Celie see what do you think
Nilo sensitive to sour dings
it's called tart yeah really Carvey it
is really tart whoa
like as strong as a lemon I can't
believe that's right cranberries it is
hey why don't we need orange juice to
make cranberry sauce
hey go Lord warden Harbor
that's not good I love orange smell
smells like left it does not smell like
poop in here
it's like oranges get up it okay you are
you doing it oh I turn the wrong
direction that's that's the time I'm
doing it you are doing it do you hear it
listen that's the sound of it Hey
all right hey Phil thinks we should add
some sugar yeah change into cranberries
I was going to decrease the sugar hey
I'm not going to do that
all right well Elise is stirring the
cranberry sauce for me do you think it's
gonna be good Lise yeah huh lovely thing
is I think we need a little Bush like a
page oh just a pinch huh
so Lisi the recipe actually says at the
very end you add salt and pepper hmm I
know I'm kind of wondering how that'll
work - cranberry is such a gorgeous
color what do you think Laura take when
it did turn to red all right what do you
think of the cranberry sauce it's good a
lot better than a cramp what do you
think of it Calum it was yeah so the
cranberry sauce is a unique flavor like
it feels sweet enough and I almost
wonder if adding the salt and pepper at
the end made it weirder you put salt and
pepper in it it called for some pepper
and all of you said not omit to salt and
peppers no well I really like that
Kendra had me do a taste test of it and
I thought it was good okay you're gonna
put it in with the sandwich I haven't
decided yet I'm gonna try it
poll question do you like cranberry
stuff like cranberry sauce or cranberry
juice craisins stuff like that and
cranberry apple juice doesn't count
because that's pretty much just apple
juice hey I love cranberry apple juice
that's because it's mostly apple juice
okay I am gonna try putting some of this
on my sandwich Lulu how pretty that is
the homemade cranberry sauce oh boy
I hate cranberries hock on the store
visit I made there
yeah cranberry sauce from the can always
has a questionable texture like it just
comes out not looking like a real food
yeah
so Caleb requested his next chicken
caesar sandwich to have cranberry sauce
on it okay
so we'll see what your name will heal
tomorrow see you tomorrow just gonna
sleep let's say we had your neighbors
let's say you woke up and I was always
the first one and dad had oh let's say I
came a sleeping but they aren't Ashley
Balkan and I came in slept in here and
now oh oh you doing in our house oh
sorry I just left lock sorry cool wants
to go with the TV anger yeah played in
the football game
oh so I'm working on doing the dishes
and I look behind me and I see these
very playing with their little wooden
people that they made today and it's so
cute hey love it you guys want your
little people to sage a house out yeah
Jay house yeah yeah dad what are you
years say yeah hey chef Oh
Jay house now
we go
