all right well I am craving doughnuts
this morning and so as soon as the kids
all got dressed and got their chores
done I'm like let's go get doughnuts so
that's what we're doing
between do you want on the chocolate one
with a lot of sprinkles I like sausage
and cream all right hey love what kind
do you want
Boston cream being this big brother
Laura which pen do you want whoa hey
Lord you want sprinkles yeah we decided
to get a whole dozen well Laura hasn't
even had a doughnut yet and I swear
she's on a sugar high like I think she's
been so tired she's been getting up
early with the daylight savings change
and so she's just exhausted already and
like trying to stay away it's amazing
how a simple thing like a one-hour time
change as a mom with young kids like
changes everything it's crazy naptime
can't really come soon enough for this
mama I am so excited to try the pumpkin
one because I love everything pumpkin so
the noises that you hear is our basement
they're making progress on it it's going
to turn into a room really soon grown
man with the doughnut mustache it's
impossible not to let the batter in
gonna I know but it was the Bavarian
cream you love those kind don't you take
it it right
nice you did it
push you did the nail-gun buddy hey good
job but I love that they let us help
them the kids are working on their
handwriting well Laura is playing with
some cranberries good job
okay I have an appointment today
okay so I'm here at the dentist today I
love getting my teeth clean it just
feels good to me I know that a lot of
people hate it then alright buddy what
are you working on
I'm working on my pinewood derby car
were you designing it yeah I remember
doing this as a kid with my dad you get
a block of wood and some wheels and you
turn it into a car and then we're going
to race it against other kids okay so
what Isaac is going to do is design the
shape of the car that we're going to cut
out however you want it to look you got
to cut it right here yeah
how do you only cut it this the right
shape one is like that so we are gonna
get the help of the builders they're
going to let us use their saw to cut the
shape of the car we have propagated so I
have a song that you use with your hands
and they have an electric saw that I'll
just you cut it right off so we're so
lucky to have Chris here because he has
the tools and I don't so this is going
to be a lot easier this is a jigsaw
right and the way that it works is you
can move the wood around the blade to
shape whatever design you want yet so
these are the perfect kind of saws for
this color you think you're taller
because I think Isaac's fauxhawk has
yeah hey wait a second do you see how
it's going up and down
hey see walk up you decide where you
want it to go and you need to be going
straight you need to not cut off any
fingers we want to keep all those
fingers all right there we go
I started doing the wrong direction so I
backed out because I was like it might
be a cool thing that's the perfect size
of it
you
I don't think anyone got cut their
cutting out the car and the blade
actually broke and snapped and kind of
scared everybody that makes you nervous
is it loud oh yeah those are really cool
but they are also a little bit nervous
huh it's okay buddy you're just fine I'd
rather just use this song does that make
you a little nervous
well I rounded up some eye protection
and I think they're going to try again
well this afternoon the kids and I are
studying the electoral college and kind
of the election process in America and
learning about how that works and now
they're working on coloring in maps
about what actually happened with the
election last night and just try to
teach them about this process and
explain it to them so it makes sense to
them this is very hard it is hard you
got to find the right state and color
them in the right color huh so Isaac now
has to take and put the electoral votes
down here and add them up Jared I was
craving quiche so I made like a homemade
like spinach mushroom ham cheese quiche
luckily the kids all really liked his
shoes so should be a crowd-pleaser I'm
thankful for my mom back oh we love you
I'm grateful for flowers I am grateful
for spices and sauces salsa I am
grateful that Thanksgiving is coming
because that is my favorite holiday I'm
ready for anything
did you say Jesus yes the plural of beef
the plural of goose is geese oh I
thought he was saying Jesus no you're
saying Jesus gooses leases Oh what is
your gate before
I mean daddy ducks a lot of bird ducks
lot of birds or girl very I am grateful
that we have made a lot of progress in
resolving the hacker situation that we
had we'll tell you more about it another
time but we've made progress with that
and I'm so grateful for that it's not
over yet it's not but progress is good
I'm glad so for me
cubby Mme oh well we're coming to the
end of another day and all the times my
mind is all things I didn't accomplish
today there was all this stuff I wanted
to do I wanted to clean our front closet
and I have a bunch of cranberry science
experiments I'm wanting to do with the
kids and we just didn't get to it today
and anyway my sister-in-law reminded me
of something that I heard a while ago
and that is at the end of the day to not
have a to-do list but a TED doll list
like tada I did this so just writing
down the things that you did because
every day there's so much that we do
even if we don't accomplish absolutely
everything that we set out to do so I
need to focus on that today and say you
know what we learned about the election
process I was working on his pinewood
derby car we have a healthy dinner and
we did the rest of school and you know
lots of good stuff happened today I
snuggled on the couch with the kids and
read him a book and that's the most
important thing to me at the end of the
day I hope you guys had a great day and
just I just needed that reminder for me
today too
this on what I have accomplished instead
of all the things that I still need to
continue to doing because my books on
what I have accomplished I get excited
in momentum and have more strength to
push on tomorrow so tomorrow
Dave tomorrow all right so we have the
block and now we just got a sand
all right we got to get this kid to bed
so we're gonna finish tomorrow with the
car okay yeah how's that all right we
want to say something about this whole
crazy election that we've been through
recently
good job open yeah you take some lettuce
in your hand you put in some of the
goodness
