all right we want to say something about
this whole crazy election that we've
been through recently can you close your
lips like this
good job open rap you take some lettuce
in your hand you put in some of the
goodness
there we go in a kickback okay all four
kids are headed to the dentist this
morning for check-ups
I do thank good so Laura what's the
dentist gonna do thanks and peace yeah
 those teeth last time we came into
the dentist for like the next month
anything that happened to Laura she
would say we need to go to the dentist
like she's like my foot hurts let's go
to the dentist like I need my hair done
let's go to the dentist like what do you
think that does does did you get mini
mounts good choice
what flavor did you go with which kind
of toothpaste are you getting Laura yeah
there yeah oh you're doing or sir we are
getting your feet a little dingy hard
can you close your lips like this good
job open my big THANK YOU this open good
job taking more kids to the dentist
should not be this easy they love coming
they just like lay down and do it
pink strawberry what did you get cubby
oh I got it
nice choice we want little bits with you
and finally one day to let Daddy with
our awesome
let's see there's a spot we think might
have become a cavity yeah open really
the gate this is on the top of it yeah
the surface where we chew so you don't
see go around and around and around but
just be gentle and you have to get your
tongue that's a mess you want to
show me how you do the top here yeah
just like that
Oh brush brush brush oh my you want a
brush on it you could try it I'll hold
your choice show me all those front how
you're gonna brush look at you
the rain
now look how you feelin about having a
cavity you scared about getting it
worked on well I think the dentist is
going to do a great job okay
all right cabbie let's pretend you're
eating something really yummy and it
gets in between your teeth
what's a starburst yeah oh this looks
like starburst the red starbursts
so these are my teeth and this one's
more toothbrush how do I need to brush
little circles little circles where else
do me brush back how long is it supposed
to take you to brush your teeth get in
there two minutes and they pull out to
that work please this is called flossing
Laura music flossing yeah hey guys it's
getting the hang of it
job you go kind of back and forth and
then lift it up I'm not do it again back
and forth and lift it up hey you got it
all right you guys all practicing
flossing
okay poll question how often do you
floss your teeth let us know in the poll
a little eye comes up right here and you
can click on it and let us know I
personally had really bad teeth growing
I'm tons of cavities had teeth pooled
had root canals and everything and as I
grew up I didn't want any of that so I
floss at least twice a day sometimes
three times a day
we're gonna get our hair cut
giggles every did you do not laugh yeah
remember when we cut your hair off here
to give away to Locks of Love yeah yeah
that's not long enough yet yeah it's not
like to here yet where's somewhere like
you got a girl longer yeah I want to do
it again because it looks so cute when
it's you're looking good you see
something else in there those jaw
breakers are a mystery
I've decided that days are interesting
things because they're full of all these
good moments and all these exciting
moments and all these like sad moments
and irritating moments and at any given
day like there's really great parts and
then there's part that I'm like anyway
what I'm trying to do is learn to focus
on the good parts because there's gonna
be annoying parts to any day no matter
how wonderful it is there's always going
to be that hard moment and so I can
either focus on that and feel frustrated
or I can focus on the good and try to
get that to like linger in my heart to
get that to be what I remember and focus
on in my day so that's what I'm working
on I'm working on my focus to try to
have more optimism and gratitude my life
instead of you know irritation and this
month is such a great month to focus on
the things that were grateful for so in
the comments below I would love to hear
what you are grateful for today
what's a moment something even no matter
how small from today that you're
grateful for for me it was a moment
where the kids and I were all curled up
and we were reading a book about
cranberries and like how you harvest
cranberries and we were all into it and
then we watch this like fun little
YouTube video about cranberries and we
were just all excited and learning
together and getting along and it was a
precious moment to have all my babies
goggled up on the couch with me so
that's my gratitude moment for the day
all right well the kids are playing
play-doh while we finish getting dinner
ready and it is already dark outside
almost like it's crazy daylight saving
time it's weird but I wanted to show you
guys my goal for this week is to tackle
projects that have been overwhelming me
and one area that's been driving me
crazy in my house is my pantry because
it feels like it's just like created a
life of its own is so disorganized but I
never have time to fully clean it out to
do was to just clean one shelf and it
worked I clean the whole shelf check it
out guys that shelf is clean you're not
even gonna recognize it I took it like
put stuff there I know or find stuff
that's on there
good job alright so there's my one clean
shelf here's the other shelves yet to be
cleaned ah I know it's a start right
all right well I am tackling the next
shelf little by little I'm gonna get
this done gonna happen full alright well
on this particular shelf I found three
different open containers of honey four
different open containers of peanut
butter what else there were like three
boxes of different kinds of granola bars
it's just masked messiness oh I found to
open patches and packages of croutons to
open packages of like french fried
onions rock rock rock we did it hit it
how safe in your pantry only one of each
thing at a time
genius named that music oh alright
dinner is served we're gonna take this
lettuce and the chicken mushroom carrot
green onion mixture and to the inside of
the lettuce and wrap it up what question
have you ever had lettuce wraps before
let us know in the poem are you guys
excited yeah have we had them before I
think we I think I have Tommy but I it
was a long time ago we haven't had him
in a while what do you think come - out
alright let's do it
you take some lettuce in your hand you
put in some of the goodness you guys see
what I'm doing mm-hmm fill it up and
then you wrap it up kind of like a
burrito
so dude done hey good job Caleb now hold
it over your plate when you're doing it
that way if you spill any it gets just
on your plate good job I just doing it -
I didn't know if the kids are gonna go
to do the lettuce part of it Laura take
hubby wrap it up Laura is doing it hmm
let's get over your plate hey Pitt oh
it's an adventurous dinner over here
alright time for me to dive in
I'm teaching the kids a new card game
it's family game night you're loving
celebrated
all right we want to say something about
this whole crazy election that we've
been through recently you know it's been
a very divisive intense passionate
election season and as it's come to a
close like we don't know who won yet
because of when we're filming this yeah
but um I think our hope and our prayer
is that we can come back together as a
nation and that we can support and pray
for whoever it is that is the president
of United States so we can do our best
to work in our communities to build
America one of the things that I learned
personally during this election was
about listening and respecting other
people's opinions I had friends that
took all of the different positions in
the election and supported all the
different candidates and they all had
good reasons and so just respecting
those different reasons and really being
willing to listen and hear I think is
something that I hope I carry with me
into future elections well on the same
diversity that divides us as a nation
also helps bring so many different
opinions that can all help grow us as a
nation as long as we see it as a growing
process instead of a tearing apart
process so sorry that was kind of long
winded but those are some of our
thoughts about the election and America
goal American Gigolo so Caleb has been
my buddy for a little bit this afternoon
and he also shared with me what he wants
for Christmas which I thought was
awesome Wow I had this huge thorn in her
shoe wanting to learn how to do the
monkey bars
