caleb has been my buddy for a little bit
this afternoon and he also showed with
me what he wants for Christmas which I
thought was awesome
Wow I had this huge thorn in her shoe
you wanting to learn how to do the
monkey bars you watching the builders
they put mud up today that's pretty cool
yeah gotta get your tools on hand when
he is doing in here
I made a Barbie place for that so if
Laura wants to find her she has to fall
there's a halfway yeah there's a bridge
sorry you playing with Barbies yeah um
I'm just making stuff you're just
building their play place you work in
you are a worker hey Caleb come on we're
gonna go somewhere fun yeah
you wanna stay in work can't be too
upset about night I go to sleep under
water this morning agreement morning I'm
doing a lot about my baby's sleeping
making oh they can wake up you're
working on your nest
what about we could go to the top
actually let me keep the stuff that they
painted with honor all ills --mode to
cover all the I can nails and screws
they're gonna let you keep some of the
mud uh-huh go on
me have some of their wood so I made a
bridge so the people can walk in de and
then mermaids can go understand a little
bit of water
Wow
it's literally for water oh you're
literally climbing yeah of course
you wanting to learn how to do the
monkey bars
I'll be waiting you got it so now you
just swing to the next one okay now now
release that back in and you're going to
swing through to the other side go ahead
swing swing your body stable again now
to that next one you're gonna swing your
body to help you get there
Kentucky's near ribs you gotta kick it
out next one
good job Maggie daddy gotta get it over
well Caleb has been my buddy for a
little bit this afternoon we've been
folding laundry and just chatting we've
actually been chatting a bunch about
Christmas because I'm trying to work on
my Christmas shopping so he was helping
me brainstorm what everybody in the
family would be interested in and he
also shared with me what he wants for
Christmas which I thought was awesome
all right Caleb tell us what you want
for christmas I want country and the mud
that April doll your garage yeah you
took um some wood and I want some wire
some wire a bag of wire and I
I saw and I want a drill and drill bits
so Caleb what are you gonna do with all
this stuff
build build what but sure yes whoa you
know back here whoa it's gonna be
exciting
was there anything else you wanted yes
water for the mud you want water to make
mud and house we'll need I forgot
something you too and also like a
scraper and I have one but I want a
medal on the top light bulbs and I
outlets whoa
this is gonna be a pretty sweet
treehouse
okay all right so this is what you want
for Christmas and then you're gonna
build it hey thanks
Wow come on okay hold on one more
you're about to get there you did it
good job you laid it I'm so proud of you
how do you feel okay so proud of you
Caleb vlogging watch out world I'm gonna
turn around what did you want to tell
them so we are playing a reading game so
you toss some a a dice then you see what
letter you get and then you throw being
bad on to a letter on to Giselle weird
glider and you see if it's a real word
or not
whoo very cool do me Sean roll the dice
what letter did you get this is like
your third time in a row to get an S
okay throw the bed beanbag oh you got
throw it again up ready go
go see which one you got ash sash sash
that one says sash I don't know what
they're doing but they're doing it
what's funny is they can't see me
they're releasing their reflection
what are you guys doing yeah we want you
guys to think we'll that we're crazy yep
that's actually the reason why for us to
be well you nailed it mm-hmm
crazies you guys ready to go yeah let's
do this so Kendra still been having the
contractions so she's not able to come
with us but we wanted to go on a hike
because the weather has been amazing
this has been the warmest November since
we've lived in Kansas City it's been
amazing I'm in shorts probably like 70
degrees 75 degrees right now
so we're taking advantage of it and
enjoying nature
Wow oh I had this huge thorn in her shoe
she said something was hurting her let's
pull it out Wow
that is scary is this Disneyland clearly
we need to take them to Disneyland
sometime so they can see the difference
we're just out in the woods Brett and
Nate this is a nature sanctuary not
quite Disneyland well Jeremy and I are
so excited that we're out on a date
tonight it's been a little while for us
so we're going to go eat at a peaceful
restaurant and the kids are at home in
front of a babysitter good night well we
came out to a pretty outdoor mall
they're setting up a Christmas tree and
we're going to eat at the Tammy Italian
this is huge but it looks really good
it's called a chicken cookies and I got
the chicken marsala and I'm getting cold
I just started out being warm outside
and so pretty and now I'm wishing I
brought a jacket but we still wouldn't
have been seated it's true how do we not
eaten outside maybe I'll use this now
kids Jacqueline so we decided to split
dessert and then it came like this big
so on one everything but it's a
ground-rule a vanilla bean custard creme
brulee is so cool who can we do a poll
question sure full question have you had
creme brulee and do you like it I don't
think I had it for the first time until
now I was like 18 19 years
I really like it how about you German
what I especially like this is a vanilla
bean creme brulee on our anniversary
last year didn't we have a really good
number line I think that's true
think maybe baby growing
oh that's one that
we were talking about getting matching
outfits for all three of our girls
I've never gotten Elise and Laura
matching outfits before and now I really
want to what we're going to need three
of them I don't have a going home outfit
for baby girl yet I think I really like
this one
so as some of you know I absolutely hate
shopping I just hate it it's not my
thing anyway and so I've been
procrastinating and procrastinating
buying maternity clothes like in denial
I'm in complete denial you might need
material so in the past I have often
just like borrowed things from friends
or I always get by with like as little
as possible so I currently own one pair
of pants that fits me and it's just it's
not working so I'm going to need more
than two maternity shirts I keep wearing
just like my regular shirts and
stretching them down so Jeremy is with
me to offer me moral support yes while I
attempt to buy some maternity clothes
just look I wish you guys could see how
supportive Jeremy's trying to me he's
like pulling everything out he's like
this is gonna be cute all think about oh
he's just handsome we gotta find some
stuff I'm trying to be helped
I'm already like oh there's really not a
lot of options here we're gonna have to
do online shopping yeah but we did find
these ones and they're unlike SuperDuper
clearing my personal check it out guys
check it out where is it that's what I'm
talking about oh we made it home the
kids are alive you say thank you to our
babysitter can I guess I'm out are you
gonna vacuum daddy's hair yeah
