I've been keeping track of her
contractions anytime there is the
possibility of complications of
pregnancy it's really scary I've been
feeling lots of cramping and like sharp
pains and anyway I finally was like I
just need to lay down and so I laid down
and then I started attracting them and
they were coming every 6 to 7 minutes I
was like oh my goodness this is
contractions I know what this is but I
shouldn't be having contractions because
I'm only 22 weeks and four days pregnant
and so I called my doctor after it been
like 45 minutes or an hour of this like
regular Ness and they are wanting me to
go into the hospital to the labor and
delivery unit to be evaluated so I sent
a text out to several of my friends and
somebody was able to come and get my
kids and jeremy's with me and so we're
going in to be evaluated so at this
point it's been three hours of the
contractions I've been blown away by how
much people that are friends of ours
have reached out to help us I mean last
minute people are dropping stuff in
changing plans to help us out and I just
felt really loved and grateful so right
now I'm staying pretty calm I'm not too
worried about it um if I go in and they
find out something's wrong then I'll
freak out but for right now I'm just
assuming everything's fine and just
staying calm
checking in right now right up to the
labor and delivery unit which the last
time we were there was a Laura was born
that's insane huh
we're not birthing today we're just well
I'm all checked in and the baby's heart
rate is great which is wonderful we love
this so although the baby's heart rate
is good there's still the possibility
that Kendra could go into labor because
of the contractions she's having I've
been keeping track of her contractions
and it looks like every six or seven
minutes it's happening well I'm really
tired but I'm also really thankful to
know that nothing seems to be going on
right now I'm still having the
contractions but I can cope with that as
long as I know my baby's okay so you may
not know this but Kendra was a labor and
delivery nurse for many years did that
for Isaac was born I worked as a labor
and delivery nurse and then even I
worked a little bit like part-time until
caleb was born she saw many situations
where people needed to come in preterm
and sometimes didn't is a fine line like
you don't want to be too paranoid but
you don't want to not come out so when I
called and talked to the doctor and they
told me I needed to come in we felt like
we should listen well the nurse just
came in and she said that the monitor is
picking up my contractions and they are
happening every two to three minutes so
they want to monitor me for a little bit
longer and make sure that nothing else
is going on
so these contractions feel very
different than the braxton-hicks that
I've had with my other pregnancies so
I'm really grateful that they're not
causing any dilation but I'm not sure
what's going on
well after monitoring me and the baby
and my contractions for a while they
checked me again and I'm still not
dilated which is exactly the news that
we wanted to hear so they're gonna let
me go home and hopefully the baby stays
inside until March when she's supposed
to come out anytime there is the
possibility of complications of
pregnancy it's really scary so I'm
feeling really grateful for the good
news and just you know feel a tender
heart towards all those moms who I have
preached on kids and anyway just prayers
for all of you I got my clothes back on
and they have discharge orders so I'm
gonna get to go home and I might just
pick a pizza on the way because I look I
deserve pizza
well Kendra's home and we had some pizza
it was good and I'm just so grateful
that the baby and Kendra are doing okay
I had the chance for the first time
tonight to put my hand on Kendra's belly
and feel the baby moving inside and I'm
just so happy that she's alive and I
hope that everything continues to go
well for Kendra and the baby leading up
to her birth J house out you guys ready
to go trick-or-treating
