you guys ready to go trick-or-treating
what's in there
black widows and meters and rocks so is
that how you tell if there's something
underground yeah so before they dig they
have someone come and find all the wires
gas lines and pipes underground I'm
always amazed that when we stop and we
watch how much there is to learn how
many questions the kids have to ask and
how willing people are to share what's
going on and what they're doing
handwriting time everyone's working on
handwriting yeah but check out this one
look how much you improved way to go
buddy and the big kids are working on
their cursive all right so the kids are
designing their own jack-o'-lanterns
this morning I had them all start with a
you know pumpkin shape and then they're
getting their own eyes and stems in
their own
I think Isaac's is going to be holding a
trophy Lacy's working on a flower so
they're getting created uh-oh
she keeps switching the mouth
all right we're getting princessy Lisa's
hair all carell we curl in layers
looking so good Ealy's thank mr. fancy
huh you know I got my lips dry oh do you
need some lipstick you're so good at
getting your makeup on the girl yeah
okay house do the other one you getting
all suited up presenting Superman
you
Superman wins he now rub them together
Tiger Tiaras princess Elise he looks so
grown-up Elise
here she is Elsa we are headed to go
trick-or-treating with our cousins
tonight we're going to have a little
mummy dinner and then head out and it's
just fun to be able to do these little
moments with family I'm grateful we have
family that lives close by and guys
thing all of our family that lives far
away you guys ready to go
trick-or-treating
let's do I got
so there's always that one neighbor who
always likes to make it super scary
this is the legendary house that every
year gives whole king-size candy bars
this looks like a rival boy JEP eyeballs
no Freaker treats burning look at the
dinosaurs poll question did you go
trick-or-treating either with your kids
or are you going trick-or-treating let
us know in the poll you ready to go he
just wants the game did you get all that
are you eating some already baby riffs
on Meghan is my first time try one so as
it got a dark chocolate Milky Way
tonight he gave it to me it's true love
look at that makeup off can I guess out
