this is one step
how was church big girl she's a little
tired honest okay so we just got home
from church we're getting changed and we
have an exciting plan tonight with some
family coming over so we're getting
ready for that you guys doing oh we're
going all over it we're going to the
other side of the world to go do it
can't follow uh-huh
why don't you just go to the chick-fil-a
down the street we don't want to do that
we are driving
what city is the chick-fil-a in that
you're going to hey hey hey G well you
guys have fun in Beijing yeah you had it
are you gonna help take the guts out
Laura put the guts in the bowl what
happened oh my god are those pumpkin
guts yeah you Jeremy and the kids are
deciding on the design for the
jack-o'-lantern Caleb what kind of a
jack-o'-lantern should it be should be
angry or happy angry happy that's pretty
cool yeah so this is our first year we
bought these kind of carving tools we've
always just used our regular knives and
these are way easier yeah what do you
guys think of the design I like it I was
wanting a happy okay yeah you got out
loaded huh three kids wanted an angry
pumpkin at least you wanted a happy
pumpkin
that looks awesome dear me it's unique
alright our pumpkin needs a name yeah
scary hi Yakko creepy pie Yakko Sam
angry bird because it looks like an
angry bird happy pants so you may be
wondering what we're doing here well it
all began last night well the kids are
finally in bed and I'm super tired but I
saw this really cool thing on Facebook
or you can make this dessert that looks
like disgusting worms and so I want to
try it
goon it so I've never done this before
so I don't really know how well it's
gonna work but I'm excited to try it
looked fun I'm scared this is gonna go
everywhere oh it's just coming out well
the jello stuff is not staying in the
straws attempt to do something cool as
parents take - yeah this is so hard I
think that the worms can just know it's
spilling over ah Facebook and Pinterest
make everything look easy and when
you're actually ready to do it it's a
big ginormous bear now we'll edit this
part out and make it look easy okay just
give me a board we're going to try to do
it again we decided to try chilling it
somewhere Oh No is it like jello
hi this is alright we microwaved it
getting way too embarrassing all we're
trying to do is make some jello worms
so we microwave that I don't know what
else to do cuz we know ver chill bit
please good shake Mike away bit more
it's going in this is actually fun yeah
I mean getting the problem solving a
unique way I bet some people at home who
know the really way to the wheelie way
so many viewers that know how to
appropriately do this are really getting
a good laugh how are we going to get a
count tomorrow all right well I am
hopeful that this might have worked I
used a knife and cut down around it and
then I'm having to pull not one at a
time and then apparently I'm just going
to squish it out
okay so this week has been really rough
we still haven't resolved the hacker
thing we haven't recovered anything from
that and it's been frustrating but one
thing I have been doing is I've been
listening to Hamilton it's a new musical
I had heard about it a lot but I finally
actually listened to it and I've really
enjoyed it it's been nice as a
distraction and an inspiration I love
musicals and I love anything where
there's a story that's really inspiring
characters that you want to be like and
and the music is just really good so I
don't know if you've heard Hamilton but
it's been really great through this week
to listen to her hello all right there
hang out back um hey Bascom ah okay
it's dry and there's a lot of beans I
was going to mix it up we are it's looks
oh so that is actually really heavy it
was the pumpkin
yeah all right how long does it take 45
minutes really much yeah the adventure
continues I now have to try to get the
worms out of the stress it looks really
easy on Pinterest right yeah oh that's
actually working
we made that we need a word we have a
hundred of these to do we've done like
four and I left that part it look so
easy
so never I do stuff like this I'm always
just dying to know who came up with this
like who was sitting there like mmm if I
pour jello into 100 straws and then
individually squeeze them out I'm not
cool enough to think that kinda folks
look
our kids get crazy excited about family
coming to hang up you might kind of be
freaking out the baby here say sorry
there's our dinner who wants pumpkin
chili for dinner
that's Compton that's the pumpkin right
better it's a Squatch mmm she's not
impressed
do you know raspberry thing like it's
laughing no don't spit on her he's like
all subconscious watch Isaac Isaac airs
gonna blow through your lips alright so
this is how this turned out it's gonna
be delicious
and I tried mixing it up to see if that
would make it look Messier I don't think
it really worked
so should we show this one to the kids I
think so okay alright I want some
dessert unfortunately this is all I've
been fine and there's no mud what do you
guys think she doesn't eat coming up he
goes are dead oh yeah kinda this one's
still alive i vein uh-oh
Michael's out okay guys open wide it's
not actually a worm it was flip it up
what's it taste like candy mm-hmm
did you hear that Michael it's candy oh
yeah well it's actually just a yummy
food yes our family is leaving and Laura
says um excuse me please trying to
remember not to step on our food because
of our pumpkins that are on our steps
leading away from my front porch she's
cracking me up and she's obsessed with
birthdays that's what she's saying -
everybody is happy birthday happy
birthday so if it's your birthday today
happy birthday from Laura Thank You Maya
and I see you tomorrow Zeke and I want
your car did she say get a receipt
getting yours yeah you guys did such a
good job were you nervous
you
