you guys did such a good job are you
nervous
Laura how did you sleep last night
good girls are more crazier hairs then
boys do when they pick up because I
still have my nurse here this is my hair
crazy noises case see here is kzj he's
my baby she's my mom
a good friend brought kenderson flowers
today that was really sweet flowers
always smile
all right while our friend set up the
coolest backyard football game ever
Isaac and Caleb are in heaven and
Elise's at a birthday party right now so
that's why she's not here but it's fun
like there's like bleachers lines
painted on the ground and anyway they're
making a really cool video about it so
if you want to see that video I think
Caleb will be in it we'll put it in the
links in the description box below
so I just opened a Star Wars pack and I
got a red and a pink that's pretty much
like winning the starburst lottery in
last night oh this night the same thing
happen to intervene two Pink's I'm on a
good run here the starburst gods love
you quite no luck hmm we're going to
halftime
now it's Isaac's turn to try for a field
goal
it's a tie to mommy happy birthday to
mommy
it's not really my birthday so at least
three different times today laura has
come running up to me happy birthday mom
so apparently for me it's not really my
birthday it's night oh now it's your
birthday happy birthday Laura
while the kids are getting out every
blanket in our house Isaac and air
playing some chess we haven't played for
a while this is fun
Elise is wanting to learn how to play so
I'm looking through this big bowl of
candy for a dark Milky Way and I have
not found a single one and I'm so bummed
because I love those yeah let us know
with Halloween coming up yeah what is
your favorite candy to get at the end of
Halloween besides dark Milky Way what
are you I liked Kit Kats I liked twixes
I liked M&Ms I like anything that's dark
chocolate at all Laura's favorite are
tootsie rolls so they'll be a big bowl
of candy and she goes for the kazoo roll
I'm like hello real candy right next to
it alright well we are headed to Isaac
and Elise's piano recital and it's
really fun because since it's so close
to Halloween they're letting the kids
dress up in costumes for the piano
recital so they're excited and of course
we're running late we're always running
late
gotcha
you guys did such a good job are you
nervous yeah he's kind of sure I was
kind of shy it's hard to get up in front
of a lot of people huh you did a great
job as cannon shaking that's what
happens well we see and I have been out
running some afternoons this afternoon I
guess say running seven afternoons
anyway
Elise and I have been out running some
errands this afternoon and we've had a
lot of fun together we've actually been
speaking in an English accent pretty
much the whole time it's been but we've
been having a lot of fun today well our
last stop tonight is picking up dinner
for Jeremy and I we don't have a
babysitter tonight so we're doing a date
night at home but we're trying a new
restaurant called mod pizza so we'll see
what it's like
that one's mine
well this is our romantic old date night
tonight we are eating our pizza which
smells so good looks good and the kids
are watching a show and we're just going
to kind of relax and do it
good night dear snap toss to see Pig
