you see
you're gonna get the baby on my tell me
with a magic wand yeah I like your way I
like that let's do birth with a magic
wand
Caleb what are the builders doing today
they're cutting down on our ceiling so I
don't even remember when this happened
like a year maybe a year and a half ago
we had a flooding problem in the
upstairs of our house and it dripped
down and we've had a broken portion of
our ceiling ever since and so we're
finally repairing that or actually
installing new pocket lights and redoing
the ceiling so we're excited about that
are they literally gonna be like taking
down that porous Ely yeah they're gonna
take off all of I think it's called
sheetrock we're gonna take off all the
sheetrock so you're gonna see the
underneath part of all the ceiling Wow
see you're coming I know there's a ball
what was there a ball in the ceiling are
they ripping our ceiling off yeah yeah
they're gonna rip it down so they can
fix it I'm surprised I thought it was
just like really hard wood Bush actually
just like cardboard
it's paper but icle it looks like paper
doesn't it oh no gift for you so soon
well I'm so sorry that there was no vlog
yesterday we actually had a really
really stressful day at our house one of
our accounts got hacked and we lost some
money and it was just really stressful
trying to you know repair the security
with that and trying to get all figured
out and so that took a lot of our time
and focus from the day and it's hard you
know we do everything we can to try to
be secure and hacking it just kind of
stinks it's just lame so um yeah we're
dealing with that but today we're in
much better spirits you know money is
just money and they didn't take any of
our joy from us because we have that
right here all right we are going to go
ahead and paint some pumpkins we always
carve a pumpkin but we also always have
the kids paint pumpkins and we really
enjoy doing that I guess it's one of our
Halloween traditions Caleb what are you
doing making a face that boy hmm that's
a really great spider Isaac thanks Laura
what are you making makeup we're make a
gir you put your me putting makeup
so careful what an artist so I have a
Kansas 80 city I love Kansas City spider
and it goes I like it
so Laura is painting it on and then
wiping it off it's a very interesting
technique I'm done well I love it
this is just gorgeous here's a pumpkin
in the pumpkin and a ghost and you
decide to paint the stem all right
here's Caleb's finished pumpkin I love
it dude I love all the color you put on
it you did awesome
are you all done okay love my fingers
yeah
should we go wash it off well I've spent
most of today and yesterday trying to
deal with this hacker incident it's
really frustrating and exhausting but
I'm hopeful things are going to work out
poll question for today have you been
hacked before let us note in the poll
and I'd love to hear your comments on
the experiences you've had well we are
gonna cheer ourselves up by making
homemade root beer and I've always
wanted to try making homemade root beer
so this is the year you guys excited
yeah legs root beer me so it starts by
mixing water and sugar together
hard to dig it out some hard sugar okay
there you go good thing we needed
forecast yeah well it's for Kafka you
really needed to guts the mommy new vest
okay I just opened up the root beer
extract and you guys have got two
phenomena know if this is little join
smelly guys in the freezer oh no
so the ice dissolved in the freezer so
we went to the store not today and this
is a bit of a letdown yeah I could go
pick up some ice real quick I know we
all want to but the dry ice it
disappeared alright we just ran into the
store and we picked up dry ice Isaac was
my helper we're gonna get it home and
get this root beer going alright making
homemade my beer take two yeah it looks
like one enamel it does look like whoa
Rinella yeah does this look like root
beer you know what's different how do we
put bubbles in their beer dry hi guys
how does dry ice make bubbles i no idea
here goes the dry ice
this is so cool here it is what is going
okay what's happening okay so if we let
it all out then it will use the
carbonation so we have to like kinda
this is our first centering this we may
be doing it completely wrong can you
guys like feel it feel this listen
everybody listen to it is bowling how
does it do that
oh look at how awesome that is that's
like geysers but it's going backwards so
we have some extra dry ice and we know
we can't put it in the freezer
Oh oh my goodness what's gonna happen
scoot back cubby don't touch it though
why is so funny the bubbles you can look
and see the bubbles yeah wow you can see
the bubbles in it
reaction that's going on my hands an
equity over okay now it's time to learn
all about dry ice like what is this and
how does it work and Wow why I mean I
have to drop it wow it's so good me I
understanding from what we just learned
is that this goes straight from a solid
to a gas it doesn't become a liquid at
all and so what you're seeing is like
the bubbles is the gas escaping from
this solid of the dry ice and anyway
there was a lot more chemistry to it but
Wow so interesting to learn about dry
ice is just a solid carbon dioxide co2
costume sneak peek why is it gonna smile
and Jeremy is all dressed up
we got the kids all dressed up in their
costumes and we are headed to a church
like fall festival party it is going to
be fun there's going to be like a chili
cook-off in a dessert contest and all
sorts of Halloween games and the kids
are so excited to be in their costumes
and it's just funny because here you
know I stressed and worried and they're
just happy kids just like dressing up
and I curled the girls hair and put
makeup on them and Isaac has blood on
and Laura is like freaked out about that
so we think we may have just gotten some
of my favorite Halloween pictures yeah
it's gonna be a fun night
not all vampires are nice yeah I'm not
scared of like okay he's this now oh
he's just nice yeah okay
and chipping Mangin insane aware of them
my mom's back oh and Superman's gonna
save the world for your mom and dad
we're all set and that baby and that
baby we didn't say my and onion escaped
the baby will just join me you are so
strong so after the trunk-or-treat the
kids are sorting their candy
all right you guys ready try drinking
some root beer feel so weird to dip into
it even this is so fun to dip into it
okay it's good it's good
nice trying to feel the baby
we
