you got it
while I'm losing my voice so I'm sorry
about that but we're picking out our
pumpkins and we're picking out one carb
and one that we're going to cook dinner
in because every year we cook dinner
inside a pumpkin so so we got to get oh
and the kids need little ones
I know what you want a little pumpkin
okay I think those are inside sound
yummy yep alright well Isaac found the
perfect carving one right there you like
it yeah we're still on the hunt for the
one that we're going to eat for dinner
it has to be just the right size so it
fits in our oven and fits our dinner
I got a honey-do Jeremy and I have a
tradition of carving a honeydew melon on
Halloween so we got to do that so cold
it'll burn you yeah got to be careful
yeah but we got some pumpkins too yeah
so today at the store pomegranates were
on sale and I love like getting a new
fruit vegetable and trying it with the
kids I've had pomegranate before and
Jeremy has but I don't you guys have any
bit you guys ever had call her no I've
never heard it's a good poll question
for today let us know on the poll if you
have had pomegranate but I've never seen
one well this is a pomegranate I feel it
what do you think it looks like on the
inside a grapefruit okay what do you
think elese what do you think it looks
like inside there's a big mmm one big
seed mm-hmm I think it probably looks
like yellow yellow maybe like an apple
let's see what Laura thinks Laura what's
going to be inside the pomegranate
she may be disappointed Jeremy watched a
YouTube video about a toppled of how to
cut the pomegranate there's a couple
different ways to do it but I'm going to
give this a try
whoa
the fruit is each of these little seeds
that's just like the pole it looked like
ice cream to me a pole you did it all
right mm-hmm I mean it's kind of crunchy
the truck very unique fruit laura is
gonna give it a try
hey is he young uh no one you can eat
him so the inside of a pomegranate to me
looks a little bit like corn um you know
like these bright vibrant reddish purple
corn kernels how it kind of grows like a
citrus in like wedges it's the most
gorgeous color it looks like shiny isn't
it yeah I do want to try one so my
favorite way to eat pomegranate seeds is
in a salad
who wants a bowl full of pomegranate
he's cutting the carpet so especially
with how much Caleb loves building we
just thought this was such a good
educational opportunity to watch and
learn and see how you build a wall Oh
what do you guys thinks under the carpet
a feeling that's what makes it yeah go
ahead feel it real quick that's Mickey
yeah yeah yeah look underneath that's
just it's just like the garage yeah and
then your buns hang in my room I
actually could reach my hair
into the bottle and I felt that you were
you're not supposed to do that but we
didn't know about that after looks looks
like a good shave should I use it on my
face let it cut my face today they want
you to use the gun and nail gun like a
real bullet when you put it in a gun it
hits this and it makes it explode and
because it explodes it pushes the nail
through the world and into the concrete
yeah you a little nervous about the
explosion I get your chakra
whoa that wasn't as long as I yeah see
it wasn't a big explosion you guys smell
that that smells just like when a gun
shoots you least wanted to give it a try
with the gun it's in the walls of our
house your name is there yep
do you hear that noise
you got it
drop it yeah he does I honestly just
can't get enough of this maple tree it's
so red it's so beautiful it just blows
my mind hey yeah I love Maple Leafs it
reminds me of when I was in Toronto
yep it's in Canada you find one happy
birthday
so we're putting this room up in the
basement for an office for me so that I
don't have to work out of our closet
anymore so I'm pretty excited about this
yeah we were nervous like is it gonna
feel big enough yeah so I love birds and
right now this time of year our backyard
is gorgeous with birds there's lots of
blue jays and Cardinals and woodpeckers
and I really think woodpeckers are a
really cute little bird but the problem
is that there's two of them that have
decided to try to think that our house
is a tree so they keep coming up along
the wall of the kitchen and doing their
little like backpack backpack and I was
like oh that's kind of funny and then
Jeremy went out and they're actually
like poking a hole in a specific spot in
the wood of our house and we're like
wait don't do that little woodpeckers
and so every time I hear the woodpeckers
pecking on the side of our house I come
outside I'm like hey take it away so
it's just so sad cuz this like darling
cute little bird is kind of becoming a
pest and we want to be really nice to
the bird but we don't want the bird to
hurt our house so we're just like shoo
bird don't pick our house so I just came
out and saw them fly away and I got him
for like a second on the camera so you
can see the the culprit that's getting
our house I don't talk about it
I'm really excited because I tried
online grocery shopping for the very
first time today
and anyway several grocery stores in my
area do it and they don't charge a fee
like as long as you hit a certain amount
of groceries they'll just deliver for
free to your house which is amazing
because we have a family of six like we
buy a lot of groceries so the truck just
came up and they carried the groceries
all the way in to my table like I have
groceries sitting on this table right
now
and I didn't have to go to the store I
didn't have to load up my kids in the
car I didn't have to you know carry
everything in and out of the car like
I'm so excited this is the future guys
online grocery shopping it's the things
that like mom's dreams are made of
you get the measurements Cub yeah good
job for dinner tonight we are trying a
new recipe which is stuffed orange
peppers that you're supposed to carve
like little jack-o'-lantern faces in it
I thought it sounded fun but orange
peppers were crazy expensive so we also
have some green and red peppers see this
that's what works so now we're going to
try to carve them
nothing yeah that's awesome but actually
looks like a pumpkin it looks so cool
he's gonna look really cool at dinner
inside of it all right now push it
through buku Montz grabbing you did it
you got an eyeball he first he has to
get alive eventually oh you think he's
gonna get alive eventually mm-hmm first
I have to make him a person and then
he'll be alive well um whoa Caleb that
looks really spooky you like spooky
stuff on Halloween that fair love she
really just decided to do a smile oh my
good it turned out great mm-hmm Oh pink
yeah you want a binky on your
jack-o'-lantern yeah I don't know if I'm
not skilled a little bit girl good job
holding daddy's hand helping him we're
doing it together
yeah here you hold it yeah is that the
hair for your person's face let's see
the face there it is
what do you think good do you like it
yeah want to eat it for dinner yeah good
so I've been realizing today how many of
our holiday traditions surround you and
luckily some of its healthy food but
seriously like we need some other
traditions what are your favourite
holiday traditions that are not food
related let us know in the comments
below and give us some ideas all right
they're going in the oven
kind of creepy looking I check out this
what is that I know it's the cabinet
hinge so we're getting this cabinet
hinge fixed and Caleb asked me for a job
and I said he could take it off and you
did it can I also put oh I want to screw
these back in you want to put the new
ones in mm-hmm I think I have that just
right tool here it is screwdriver
you are gonna earn a handyman status at
our house
okay will you fix everything for your
mama
mm-hmm Thanks they turned out so cool so
you top it with some awesome I'm going
to destroy the base by cutting it up for
the children because they don't think
any other thing I think we got to cut
the whole pepper up for to probably good
night dear Sal what are you gonna be
yeah this is the cutest thing I've ever
seen
