what are you gonna be again this is the
cutest thing I've ever seen so we're
trying to change up our morning routine
before when the kids would wake up I
would just feed them when they woke up
and they would wake up at different
times now we're trying to have the kids
wake up make their bed get dressed and
all eat together and I'm excited about
it I think that this is a great change
that we're trying to eat it when you
were gone yeah well I thought that was
great I'm glad that we're trying to do
it now
yes what this is like um the milk
mustache why are you driving the babies
might get in an accident if you're not
careful
so we've been storing up a big pile of
stuff that we were wanting to donate and
we decided that today's the day that we
need to just take it to the charity
instead of keeping it in our garage
yeah it is pretty over here huh
so Halloween has just been kind of
stressing me out I want to do something
like super fun and creative and this is
just not my year for that so we are
coming to Walmart and we are picking out
costumes and we're going to be happy
with them and it's going to be great and
I'm not going to stress about it I'm
just going to enjoy it that's what we're
doing what are you gonna be here yeah
that one year woman they have super girl
do you want that one instead you look
like chocolatey
that's what Laura wanted to be what did
you find
ooh very pretty so we'll find the
perfect costume for one of the kids but
then it's in the wrong size and we can't
find it in their size I'm sure you've
got what this felt so the way to get
around this is be smart and prepared and
order online but if you fascinate and
it's too close to a lien you don't have
that choice somebody's feeling strong
does it work oh yeah
can I wrestle okay fianc√©e no he'll use
your laser eyes can you fly for us
at least read on her costume as well
what do you think
the day has finally come for us to fix
the hole in our ceiling in the basement
and we're adding a room and so the
workers are coming up right now to start
working on that Caleb you excited
Caleb's recruited yep
he's got a whole line of tools right so
we have some final decisions we're
trying to make about how many pocket
lights or where to put the wall and if
we want Tyler or not so we're still I'm
going to put like light switches and
yummy how big the room should be they
can't have a big he figured it out
mm-hmm how big is it Laura
is it super tall we're over here needing
to measure stuff and Laura had the tape
measure
super tall okay well we're headed to
Home Depot with all the kids so this
should be fun but I want to look for
some cabinets that we could install on
top of my washer and dryer we don't have
a laundry room and I think like there's
just one shelf in the little laundry
closet I think adding cupboards or
cabinets would be really nice so we're
gonna go there and also you know watch
while they're picking out all the
sheetrock two by fours and lose a doodle
I don't know what you need when you
build a house so who's a doodle
those are so we're gonna get some
this thing kind of freaked out Laura she
was walking by Potter otter garden and
these are the kind of Halloween
decorations that I prefer look at them
are they cute
like scared of anything I guess not all
right where are you want to get this
stuff up high yeah stool you think a
stool would help you reach that stuff
we're considering tiling a part of our
house but we want it to match with the
other tiled areas of our house we're
trying to figure that out
face that dirty
all right well I made a rookie mistake
we have tried to do too much this
morning with our kids we can run like
one errand maybe two and we're on our
way to our third errand and we're going
at lunchtime like that's just it's
almost 1:00 I know we're running until
lunchtime and naptime but the problem is
we've got so much we're needing to get
done
so Jeremy's dropping off all of the
stuff at the thrift store and we're
driving past this amazing cookies place
and I just wanted to stop and get some
cooking it smells so good
I just dropped off the big kids at piano
and now the little kids and I are headed
to the library because Caleb wants to
get a really big tall book about how to
build tall houses and a really little
book about how to rip build little
houses so I figured become a library
check out some books about building and
the process and how you build a home
what are you two doing and him and we
are headed into a lego service activity
tonight we've done this once before and
now a whole big group of our friends are
getting together to do it so the kids
are really excited by it okay we're
talking about dresses to fit in we're
gonna go do Legos it's a service
actually anyway it's pretty awesome
we'll put a link up here in the AI cards
the last time we did this and we'll
explain more about it there shall we
begin
today's activity they're having uh sort
Legos that are identical with each other
so that they can be put together in two
sets for people who wanted music so for
example I'm finding all of this size
Lego right now
this is the cutest thing I've ever seen
I need awesome
probably
gross did you like the cupcakes
I think yummy
whoa
Caleb come on you gotta get here bed
goodnight Jay house out Laura is
definitely doing great with the
sprinkles so miss Elise has learned how
to do
right
