special badge numbers Flores is
definitely doing great with the
sprinkles
has learned how to do a good morning it
is morning time over here and we're
actually having a really good morning
which is a big deal because I'm not much
of a morning person but what I did is I
got our breakfast ready last night I
made muffins and hard-boiled eggs so
that kind of just helped me to have
something to look forward to
it's am gonna be a good day alright we
stopped at the store and what did we
pick up hang on big orange vodka at
Caleb insists on carrying so I went to
the gym this morning it's been feeling
so good to get to the gym and then I
have an activity I want to do this
afternoon with a pumpkin so we needed to
stop and get one pumpkin I'm so grateful
for big kids that can carry it does I
don't have to carry anything oh it's
raining what are you doing and making
something for Halloween what are you
putting in the pumpkin and screw Caleb
how are the screws to get to go in there
oh my Michelle yeah it's a little far
it's a little hard and I had heard
somewhere that you could use golf tees
so we tried using golf tees but they
just make really big holes show me how
the screwdriver goes oh did you even
pick up the hammer and we also have you
don't want to get in that watch so over
here I was trying to do it to when I
thought I was too tall oh so you can do
this so I think this is your great great
Grandpa's hammer lets his name Michael
we call them pop-pop
and now you get to use that hammer how
cool is that
I made a football a football very nice
Isaac that's what I'm making what are
you making
heart heart that's gonna be cool I can't
wait to see you finish this Lucy that's
gonna be cool
yeah turned out great
what are you doing hey Dad
who says googoo gaagaa googoo gah-gah
well I finally got a shower and the kids
are happily whoops I'm stricter and the
kids are happily playing outside
it is gorgeous they've got some friends
over
but you're making Laura hey Lou dinner
coming look who it is
Laura I miss you cat kisses Oh how's
your day going yeah
can you hold mom and pretend like you're
hugging me okay oh that was her hugging
the phone tell Johnny we're making
cookies we're making Katie yum yum what
kind of cookies I made I love you so
much
mmm so my awesome friend Stacy came over
with her kids this afternoon and she
brought cookies and decorating stuff and
so the kids are decorating sugar cookies
this is like a dream come true for me
because I love sugar cookies it is my
favorite Jeremy and I joke that sugar
cookies are my love language did you
already take a bite of the frosting
Laura is definitely doing great with the
sprinkles you think that's about enough
okay that's good so I think was it more
fun to decorate or eat eat eat he chose
this one good Y all right so I'm getting
ready to give my presentation in about
two or three minutes and I'm a little
bit nervous there's just so many people
I respect that I hear that know so much
sometimes it's overwhelming to feel like
I have anything that's different more
powerful or meaningful to show him but
nothing the best I can with my cold
hands so miss Elise has learned how to
do a fishtail a fishtail yesterday she
made this choker at a friend's house hmm
and it's not that it doesn't choke at
all oh it's just all the choker
yeah yeah yeah so it's on her fingers
that she's doing this that's really cool
I like the colors you're choosing and
where my friends has like a thing to do
and I like I prefer doing it on my hands
yeah so your friend has a loom to do it
with mm-hmm that's really good I prefer
it with this oh you're doing a good job
what are you making this time the same a
fishtail the same thing yeah but since I
go fast too fast I might be able to do
the same thing yeah make another long
one you see I got which patterns yeah
different colors I like it
caleb is the last one still at the table
what are you finishing your peas so what
do you think of peas Oh mom only
favorite bitch your least favorite
vegetable mm-hmm what are we having for
dessert tonight that you want you can
lift it up and show us you can just I'll
lift it Oh Kayla was trying to finish
his food oh hey you can have who made
back this cookie who made one of our
group somebody made it okay you're
almost done you'll make it oh you think
I did did you like it I don't think so I
made it I think you got it bud you're so
close last one now an apple you got it
dude so we don't make the kids
completely clear their plate before they
have dessert but they do have to eat
their fruit and their vegetables like
that first small serving that they get
at it and anyway
they're our kids are all pretty good
eaters they're good sports about it and
whoo you excited this is too much what's
too much the cookies too much do you
just want half of a cookie how would I
you want me to cut it in half sure yeah
mine Caleb why do you only want half a
cookie because I've already had one and
are too big for me to eat yeah you had
one earlier today I'm so excited to get
home let's see the family
so it's midnight but someone was waiting
for me when I get home
Laura she was so happy she was asleep
earlier but she had someone had woken
her up and she heard the garage door and
she goes huh that's my daddy
Alice and my bed and and I said you
heard me what did you miss me wha
I missed you too I love you so much ah
where did daddy go I California they
California where's California by far
these are we're gonna get this girl to
bed can you say J house out for us - at
ah I do not like the dark guys I am
scared of the dark
well hello is there any sharks in there
what do you think yes
