I do not like the dark guys I am scared
of the dark
well hello is there any sharks in there
what do you think yes are you coming
next
it's need to be helpful tomorrow I'll be
back before next year well this morning
we said goodbye to Jeremy he's headed
off to speak at a conference about
YouTube in the law which he loves that
work so I'm really excited for him that
he's going to be able to do that but we
are going to definitely miss him while
he's gone
so we're distracting ourselves by going
on a little adventure this morning we
came to a place called Deanna rose
children's farm and it's just cute and
it's fun and we'll have a good morning
and then go home and get our school done
Wow
oh is the head coming out I love fall in
Missouri it's just gorgeous
this their beds mm-hmm it's comfy okay
love you making flour I don't this make
flour well it starts with corn and then
as you put the pressure on it punches it
down to make it into flour
it's a lot easier to get on an airplane
without the four little kids
you
in the goat that surprise you
so we try to come out here probably
every spring and every fall and it's
just beautiful I love the playgrounds
and seeing the animals and every time we
come we have a different experience last
time we really talked to the blacksmith
for a while and learned a lot about that
another time we went fishing and just
anyway it's fun
is there any sharks in there what do you
think yes you think there's sharks in
there I just see goldfish yeah
those are big fish huh
alright so here's a bison a bison can
break or jump oh there's a nature trail
I couldn't read this well hello hey
little girl
and a cat one day you're right I was
just telling her it's not a tiger it's a
bobcat no it's a bobcat alright so
there's a peacock so there's a bald
eagle and look how big that nest is
apparently bald eagles have the largest
nest of any birds found in North America
m√°rio good should we stay for one more
minute or two more minutes mr.
negotiator it's almost time to go
Isaac's big enough to push the stroller
you are well we ran into some friends
and the weather was gorgeous so that
made for a beautiful morning we're just
gonna pretend that we're not gonna go
home for a daddy all right well Jeremy
texted me that he landed safely which is
always good to hear and we are sitting
down to dinner and the kids are eating
it so well it's pasta salad and I
haven't made that for a while it's like
a creamy chicken Caesar pasta salad
dinner it's got cheese and cucumbers and
tomatoes and we're also having apples
are you eating the noodles yeah yeah and
are these your apples yeah Laura's
always says she likes this crust off the
apples she likes them without the skin
on them well I finally made it to the
hotel and the conference vid summit is
actually right here in the hotel and so
that'll be nice I'm gonna go down right
now to like the kick-off event and I
have a lot of friends here and people
that I really respect I don't get to
spend a lot of time with other youtubers
and so this is exciting to get to hang
out with people who speak this language
kids are all asleep you know it was a
really good evening it went really well
and I'm actually looking forward to
tomorrow and a lot of the plans that we
have going on so I'm in good spirits
about Jeremy being gone but now comes
the part of the day that I hate the most
being alone without him I do not like
the dark guys I am scared of the dark
and I kind of get scared at night when
Jeremy's not here with me and I think
I'm just a little over the ski dance so
anyway a poll question for today or
you scared of the dark does it bother
you to be alone it does it doesn't
bother me me alone like during the day
like I love quiet time in my space but
at night I do not like it and so when
Jeremy is gone I just pray for a lot of
peace and strength and help and pray
that everybody sleeps well and that we
can just wake up in the morning and the
night can go by quickly so anyway here's
my hope that that will happen I checked
all the doors they're locked you know I
leaving a few hall lights on and anyway
I'll survive I'm a big girl I can do
this oh I totally forgot to see Jay
house out Jay house oh she's good
