she's good she's good morning it is
definitely starting to feel like fall so
many fall leaves are down on the ground
and anyway we this morning are going to
make some cinnamon scented cloud dough
I've heard of cloud dough before but
we've never made it or played with it I
just you know it's been on the list of
things to do and we've never done it so
I'm excited to try it with the kids this
morning and see what they think of it
for now whoopsie daisies cinnamon oh I
get the last ingredient we're gonna have
to use our hand
so everybody sleeves wrapped up yeah hey
let's mush it let's turn it into some
cloud so this cloud dough isn't
something that you make to eat it's like
a play-doh it's like a sensory fun thing
for the kids to touch and feel and
pretend with Laura is having an absolute
blast we realized it was really messy
and so we're playing with it outside
since it's warm today you're cooking
food for me what kind of food are you
making oh we have to cook for one
thousand hundred million whoa what are
you guys gonna make would you say
tomorrow
nice work Elise what are you making
muffins muffins I can see that for all
so coming out of the muffin tin it
actually holds its shape and they look
like little muffins nor did you make a
mess yes they both make it's true good
job helping clean up you got it Isaac
good job so in the fall when it's really
windy lots of the leaves come down off
the trees and the kids love to run
around the backyard and try to catch the
leaves as they're falling down did you
get it nice
I haven't got to turn in my life I
didn't got one today then yeah have you
gotten pretty close I got so close yeah
but you haven't been able to catch any
leaves it's not easy I know they float
in weird ways don't they so why do you
think there has been prosper and go into
someone else's yard Laura did you put
all of your friends to bed yeah so I
come into Laura's room to put her down
for her nap and I find that she has
every doll and stuffed animal that she
has all tucked into bed
it's so cute oh is that one for you now
are we gonna tuck Laura into bed now for
nap time
yeah good night then all right the boys
are carrying up the supplies for the
next activity do you guys want to hear
we're going to do next we are going to
build a waterslide
so these bins are full of just twelve
paper rolls and empty containers and
some old magazines and water bottles I
keep them around for when when you do
these kinds of projects
this one is mine take it
these guys are holding it up
brilliant here come on water Oh is
somebody going down
come on person come on
so Isaac's is more of a water fountain
we've decided so I plan these activities
planning you know that the kids will
have fun building these water slides and
now what they want to do is they've got
all these little tiny straws that
they're pretending our people swimming
in this pool and they're living a great
time I think you got him go pull follow
let's go Paul I got someone I think ulis
here yeah I'm coming in one we're coming
out baby moaning call the kittens send
Jen that's laughing don't laugh what is
it that word that's not hard word um
come Caleb you're like a reader how many
books do you think you read today I read
the whole rest in my packet all right
this is how much I had 30 did you read
all of those today yeah so I've been
training the kids every day they see my
stomach and they go mom you're getting
huge mom your bellies you just I've been
training them to say wow the baby is
really growing bigger just because you
know nobody likes to hear they're
getting huge every morning but I don't
mind them noticing that the baby is
getting bigger anyway so Isaac just ran
in from playing outside mijo he goes mom
I think the baby's really growing today
so I just thought that was so sweet
so I'm just laying on the trampoline
looking into the sky this is one of
those places where I've done this so
many different times in my life where I
look up and I just think about my life
and then I think of all the other times
where I have laid on the trampoline and
thought about my life and I think of
what the future will be like in the past
I remember laying here when my parents
told us they were getting divorced and
thinking about life and before going off
to college laying on the trip thought is
going to have to wait until after we
play some games apparently this is what
it looks like for me right now crazy
little kids running around me wanting to
play life is good I'm trying really hard
to fight off feelings of discouragement
this afternoon we had a really good day
you know home school went well
motherhood went pretty well
and yet my house is a disaster I forgot
to make dinner in too late so now
everybody's hungry and you know there's
stuff I don't have ready for tomorrow
and there's just so much I feel like I
can't do everything that's on my plate
or at least I can't do everything well
and it's exhausting and hard for me and
anyway I was on Instagram and a blog
that I follow handmade in the heartland
I don't know where this quote comes from
but this is what she posted don't judge
each day by the harvest you reap but by
the seeds you sow I think that's true
like so often I look at the end of the
day and I look at what did I accomplish
what did I get done you know what was
the harvest of the day what can I check
off my list and yet so much more
important is the habits I was
or you know the things I was doing in my
home those little things that you're
working on daily that don't always show
the big return in the end so anyway I
really enjoy it I love beautiful quotes
that just comment just the right moment
and you're like oh thanks for that
reminder that's just what I needed
Laura is helping me gutter gutter I
can't talk Laura is helping me butter
the garlic toast to go with our
manicotti for dinner yes it's my thing
okay I think that one's yours Laura is
our dinner entertainment for the night
she walked right in hit something this
might end bad
when you're the youngest you have to do
some pretty creative things to get
attention around here all right
everyone's getting a bath or shower
today
how was bath time okay it's family game
night we're playing Jenga Flores turn G
we might need it explain how this works
this way Oh pull it up pull it up so
gentle good job
now put it up at the top good work good
work now it's Caleb's turn thanks for
happen or thank you I'll do it I'll do
it my dad does it that one's just hang
in there he's thinking about it oh that
one's too you touched it
thanks Laura she's gay alright we made
it one round I'm feeling successful that
we made it one round yeah let's do one
of these like right here miss Lola
she's like a professional Jenga halo
happen he's getting it no matter what
okay put it up there cubby please these
up just trying to make it that much
harder for who's coming next search on
missing the goo this fun heavy things
all right wait which one are you doing
I'm still figuring I think I think he's
moving like three of them that's right
place perfect this is not easy
no idea which one didn't look bad
Laura don't pat the table all right now
I don't for one app here maybe Lorelai
Craig's here she's gonna take the one
she wants to take she's good at this
game
just wait Oh
oh my goodness
Jeremy the kids are smoking us to new
run I'm surprised we're still going I
know what you're like I really don't
know that one doesn't you touched it our
hope was that we would play games as a
family and teach the kids how to lose
sometimes now we're just teaching them
how to beat their daddy isn't that funny
all right now it's time to build the
Jenga tower
excited we try to be enthusiastic about
that time hoping that it'll help but it
doesn't know I'm like too smart for that
yeah oh I six good he's good yeah
I'm meeting up with a friend at this
like beautiful partner oh my gosh
there's a bug in here there's a pocket
micro just a second
go a little go
