good kick I'm meeting up with a friend
this like beautiful portrait oh my gosh
there's a bug in here there's a pocket
just a second go go
today's pajama dance cool is it yes I
wanted to wear their pajamas that's
exciting
you're singing a hakuna matata Okuma my
god oh my god this is so although Laura
doesn't go to school yet
you do need a backpack and a lunch pail
right that's a voice
didn't you just get this song yesterday
I really like this let's go up in the
car love you guys have a good day so I'm
getting in the car ready to go and
there's something in our car that Jeremy
and I bolted but they're like what is
that he comes running down check this
out it's over here it's on our dashboard
it Street
it's like chocolate-covered pretzels we
were trying to figure out how in the
world my god dude
so some friend of ours or neighbor left
us treats in our car how did they do
that and we didn't notice we had some
friends over the other day and I must
have been them all right school drop up
in pajamas we just dropped Isaac off
and there goes wait I think I need a hug
and she runs up to me gives emotional
challenge this is sweet
have a good day sweetheart so this
morning after dropping off the kids I'm
meeting up with a friend at this like
beautiful park trail oh my gosh there's
a bug in here oh my gosh there's a bug
in here we go Oh get out of my car
there's the bug that's in my car fly out
little buggy yes it's right by the
window come on
get out come on go
coming
yeah okay so sorry the way it was flying
and buzzing it kind of scared me anyway
I'm excited to go walk run jog with a
friend it's gonna be good to visit she
has four kids and she homeschools so we
have lots to chat about and we actually
went to college together like many many
moons ago so and I'm excited to work out
like I love what working out does for me
emotionally like I feel like it just
clears my mind especially when I can
work out outside and just be outside I'm
just really looking forward to it like
this is a great way to start the day
what what do you I see that burden the
bug went out it flew away did it
surprise mommy
do I see the Ducks in the geese enough
fish do you see the fish down there miss
Laura well that was a really cool
morning to be able to go and visit with
this friend and what's interesting about
this friend is that you know she's a
homeschool mom she has four kids and I
don't know her really well mostly I know
her through Facebook and so I see her
post of all the fun things she does with
her kids and I've been a little bit
intimidated by her like I'm like oh
she's like one of those super moms but
when I was able to get there and visit
with her like people in real life you
can just get to know them so much better
obviously okay that was an obvious
statement but you know to see that
everybody has their challenges everybody
has their gifts and their talents and
their strengths and their struggles and
Germany are actually just talking about
this last night we were talking about
how God tests everyone perfectly and
individually and that we're all going
through our unique challenges and our
unique trials and we really can't
compare because we're all going through
what is perfectly needed to test us at
that time in our life and so you know
sometimes it looks like somebody's got
it all together or sometimes it looks
like somebody's having it a little bit
easier or you know sometimes going
through a super hard time and just you
know we have a whole life to live and
during that life there's going to be
times that are wonderful and times are
challenging and God's testing all of us
perfectly so help us to grow and anyway
that's what's on my mind a moment
I'm trying to I have like ten minutes so
this mess of a front room is actually a
project so I have some amazing friends
in the area who are collecting donated
clothes to give to refugees for coming
into the Kansas City area from refugee
camps and they have literally nothing
and so they were collecting all these
donations and they're asking for help
sorting through them like you know
getting the different sizes together and
sorting out things that aren't really
usable and anyway so that's what we've
been doing we worked on it some last
night and then I worked on it some this
morning and so we package them up and
two bags like this like this is boy
eighteen month old clothing so this
whole bag is full of packaged bags and
so is this bag all ready to go was this
size twelve fourteen boys so we got to
finish this up this afternoon and then
go take it and drop it back off to my
friend and I'm gonna let Jeremy do that
because it gets kind of heavy
this is the lad trying to find your
shoes it's a very clean way it's funny I
always blame being late everywhere on
the kids and you know just like oh man
it's so hard to do this with all the
kids and then when I go pick them up
from school I'm almost always running
late which they're not with me when I do
that so clearly it's me I'm the problem
good lesson learned we were so proud of
Caleb his teacher said that he was a
very obedient today and helpful it's a
good job buddy yeah would you learn
sweats upon a time grandma this is the
grandma yeah a grandma it's only a
course just once upon a time oh you're
Emma ate some pants have you ever eaten
pants before the read once upon a time
in a pub - once upon a time of autumn
eat some shame then she sneeze ah-choo
then it make this monkeys sneeze down
scare crow edgy ate it then she ate the
Scarecrow sneer wheat cart yep time for
a pinky all right the kids school
pictures came in Isaac which one's your
favorite of the ones of you I think I
like this
most bounce around like that money I
love that they got it when you were
missing that tooth you know right there
about you Caleb which one's your
favorite like this my favorite this one
and I like this one they turned out
really good mm-hmm so how is it going to
school in your pajamas today you guys
it was comfy so I think this might be
Laura's first time helping unload the
dishwasher doing a good job good kick
well tonight is sports club and our
focus is going to be on soccer
Oh
nice you ready for bed you're gonna go
right to sleep
yeah that never happens
good night yeah house out okay go to
sleep all right so here's our spoils two
carts it's five for eggs
