all right so here's our spoils two carts
it's five for a stop it's my breath ban
play four years old oh man right there
32 yeah yeah okay my bike take a mile
oh you are happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday happy
birthday to you you got any candles we
had to put a candle in you can scramble
I have a cake coming later tonight so oh
yeah you do well Laura and I are out
running errands and I'm just having so
much fun with her she got the hiccups
and she looks at me all concerned and
she goes mom pick up take me to the
doctor look like she was like all
concerned
like hurry made to the doctor um in
other news I'm chewing gum and this is a
big deal because gum has made me
completely nauseous all of pregnancy so
far and I really enjoy chewing gum and
so I was like wanting peace come today
so I decided to try it
and so I'm chewing gum without feeling
sick yay so here's our poll question for
the day do you like to chew gum because
some people are gun people and some
people aren't by the way when I point
that means there's a poll up there and
you can pull it down and vote and let us
know what you think so I'm totally a gum
person Jeremy's not so much he's more of
a breath mint person oh and in case you
haven't noticed all of our kids are gum
people our kids will do anything for
them
ah yes miss Laura hi you want to say hi
hi hi how are you my name is and
lollipop your name is lollipop mm-hmm
hey whose birthday is it today
Sagi daddy so for Jeremy's birthday cake
this year he wants an ice cream cake so
I'm gonna get him a dairy clean one
I never actually had a Dairy Queen ice
cream cake but these look really good I
want to show you guys some of the
options it's so exciting that today on
my birthday we have hit a huge milestone
on YouTube of five hundred thousand
subscribers thank you so much for being
a part of our journey I love making
these videos of our family life and I
love sharing them with you I'm
passionate about it and I'm so grateful
that this gets to be such a big part of
my life when I was growing up and was
going through hard times with my parents
divorce and other difficulties of
childhood I turned to making videos it
was a way that I coped with life and had
fun and I'm so grateful that now hearing
from your comments that our videos bring
a smile to your face or give you hope or
inspiration that's such a fulfilling and
meaningful part of my life and I'm so
grateful that you're sharing on this
with us
we decided today to celebrate by getting
500 food items that we could take to the
local food bank to share with those in
the community
all right so here's our spoils two carts
it's five for a stop
check out 20 items or less not a long
line just kidding
you
grateful we have a van so we are
donating these 500 food items to
harvesters which is the Kansas City Food
Bank especially this time of year in the
Kansas City area there's lots of food
drives and things so try to make sure
that the food bank has enough food to
last through the winter and so we're
just really excited we've been meaning
to do this for a while and really
grateful for all of your support that
we're able to come out and do this today
when you bring in food they have you
weigh how much it is and I want you to
guess in the comments how much you think
this food weighs so it's 500 items of
food what does it weigh not including
the carts so we've come here before for
service projects to sort food and to
organize it to help give it to people in
the community who are in need of food
this is a really great organization all
right Isaac how much did it weigh it
weighed 283 283 pounds so for my
birthday I'm here with my brothers at
TopGolf it is so much fun I decided to
try the chicken and waffles that's good
so we get a little competitive out here
and it's fun because we have all these
different games you can play to try to
beat each other what brick won every
game we played except one down one down
I almost won a lot of games then I lost
so when there's a birthday party and
there's cake and ice cream I always want
a lot more ice cream than cake I really
prefer the ice cream so poll question
for the day what do you like more the
cake or the ice cream you exist why ice
cream cake is perfect for this man today
I'm more of a cake person so I actually
love cookie cakes for my birthday too
I like ice cream more than cake you do I
didn't know that it was actually really
hard to push the candles into the ice
cream cake because it's so frozen right
so after I vote the candles we were
remembering the hundred and fifty
thousand subscriber party where we did a
hundred and fifty candles on a cake and
there were so much wax on top of the
cake that we had to actually spatula it
off before we could eat the cake it was
crazy and then there was the five
thousand cake party you remember what
happened there we ate it we ate it yeah
but it was the one thousand subscriber
party ah off the ground oh yeah so
apparently we like to celebrate with
cake yep takes a day
vanilla and then there's like a fudge
ribbon right now and it's fudgy it's
really good Trumble and then there's the
Oreo yes
oh good brushing teeth
hey there fog yeah
mamita London Bridge is falling down
yeah through AV you just seem really
tired buddy why don't you head to bed
