you guys decide it yeah okay so if it's
blue what is it oh and if it's pink what
is it go so guys I went to the doctor
and with my ultrasound they took
pictures of the baby inside my toes back
this is the baby's head with the nose
and the mouth and the body and the legs
kicking Oh in underwater yeah it's it's
in amniotic fluid in my fluid in my
heart and I hit breathe it doesn't yet
it doesn't where does it start to
breathe when do you think I might go to
hell when it's born
I'm sports so this is our baby yeah -
cause it would be anything that's our
baby so when we were there they were
able to find out if it was a baby boy
baby or a baby girl baby but you know it
was the most important thing they
measured all the parts the baby I guess
but if you found out that the baby's
growing healthy and strong yeah not a
good ones not they're strong as me
you're a yeah not yet okay
you guys decide it yeah okay so if it's
blue what is it oh and if it's pink what
is it girl are everybody I suppose yes
yeah one two three
oh yeah you're such a good big brother
buddy you're still fine thank you firm
floor look can you think Isaac no I'm
fine I really like Laura she's here
she's fun so having another little
sister will be good you're awesome
what are you thinking buddy hello Seth
up I'm fine with me
yeah all right it's time for a baby
sister party wants to try that cake I do
I know
so apparently this is a strawberry
mousse crepe cake I've been waiting for
an excuse to get one
do I start talking about baby names
tonight or something your dad and I are
definitely going to start it so this
one's the profile of a closer you can
see there's her nose and her lips that
is what is that dress that's her foot
that's what you tell people is there's
an arm and so what do you think about
having a suspect it I love it I could
have two sisters change diapers for her
but I'd rather have a boy I think I'm
most excited that were having an update
right because doubles could have orchids
in her family then we can break album or
fungus
yeah now's the moment that we've been
waiting for all day we are headed in for
our 20 week ultrasound so we're going to
check on the health of the baby and
hopefully find out the gender
