and now's the moment that we've been
waiting for all day we are headed in for
our 20 week ultrasound so we're going to
check on the health of the baby and
hopefully find out the gender we're mom
dad going this afternoon to check if the
baby's a girl or a boy mmm what do you
think I think it's whatever you think
you guys I'm fine it's boy or girl
because either way I could still hold it
and change diapers what I like to do I'm
excited to let you change diapers so
you're happy either way do you have any
guesses it might be a boy because of
pattern but it might be like cutting the
line it might change the pattern
so then what it would be a girl hmm so
what do you think what do you think the
baby's gonna be do you think it's gonna
be a boy or a girl I actually think it's
gonna be a boy just the affiliate order
but the order doesn't really matter so I
don't know yeah what do you do you care
or does it not really matter I'm more
want it to be a boy just because I want
another sports buddy yeah that would be
fun huh I play football at you that's a
good point
so Caleb what where are mom and dad
going today took it to to see if the
baby is a boy or girl yeah what do you
think it's gonna be brilliant
yeah what else did they check on when
they're checking on the baby like if
it's feeling well or if they're not or
sometimes people's babies dying their
tummy and they check that and yeah a
couple other stuff so checking to make
sure the baby's healthy now I can feel
the baby moving so I know the baby's
alive but they check and they measure
all different parts of the baby to see
if the baby's growing really well no
like how big
I know it's definitely getting bigger
hey Oliver filled it kick I have but
when it gets bigger I'll let you feel it
too okay mmm how are you gonna feel if
it's a baby sister um pretty well
because I'm old I like it if bad
well how much years until we get the
baby out we get the baby out next year
right after your birthday so how do you
feel if it's a baby sister then we'll
have a no cheat person we will y'all
good yeah feel pretty good so how do
they find out if it's a boy or a girl
they have a little wound and they can
take a picture of the inside of my tummy
how does the wand see inside my tummy it
I think it like reflects to the baby
oh so Lee see how do they check on the
baby in my tummy they take pictures they
take pictures I'm gonna do it right now
so how do they take pictures inside of
my stomach with a special picture-taking
thing yeah and yeah and then they see
and then they tell you
how does the quest night they go good
scary oh yeah you came in to erm I say
mmhmm
I'm glad you're with abacus yeah but I
was a bit cold
alright cold air was blowing on me we
really need to turn on the heater that's
that is getting colder so with my family
in town we have a big dinner we're
hosting here at our house tonight we're
going to be having chili
Caleb wanted to do the onions it's right
in your eyes
that's what onions can palette is going
to gray really that Dan why don't you go
wash your hands I'm gonna just finish
off the onions okay yeah I'll finish
yours okay yeah I guess so I'm tired you
tired yeah let me go take it now wish it
was always that easy
doing such a good job you want to turn
buddy okay
let's what Kamath have a turn say thanks
dad
Laura wanted to taste an onion hey Jay
yes okay go ahead dad
you open in the cans for spoon so we are
at winning today no messy bun she have
enough hair let's go get a bun on that
girl oh don't touch did you get a little
bun - oh my gosh you look like a little
ice-skating family or something
this is violation like a matching
clothes sometimes Isaac do you want a
bun
okay oh no you've got no hair for it
buddy
click there and I think yet that helps
I wonder what makes chili spicy the
seasonings oh there's like chili powder
in there and cumin probably and other
seasonings so it feels not this evening
you'll just taste bean stuff yep so
we're making a big amount today and that
always is a little bit difficult like
okay this is tricky enough for the
proportions right yes yeah my fingers
got a little messy but today so chili is
a meal that I always just make by feel I
don't have a specific recipe and when
you're making it for a crowd that's a
little bit hard so hopefully it turns
out it looks good
hippopotamus good thing we're here the
best hands down of hippo hunters in the
town I see him this he's super tall I'll
fetch him in no time at all they're
looking for a hippopotamus
oh you're right Isaac there's a
hippopotamus he's got a pretend little
trunk right there miss Laura bites this
one yeah good job what does an elephant
say I don't want it huh what does it say
I do now - I think we have kind of like
horse elephants let's see I always do
the trunk let me teach you guys that I
doing all of them our whole family needs
elephant leaves elephant noise tutorials
we should look those up on YouTube and
find out wouldn't know that really
sounds like but Laura what does the Fox
say
giraffe what does a giraffe say ah a fat
nun 21 22 23 Oh 23 today for science the
kids are learning about surface tension
and they're practicing to see how many
drops of water they can keep on like a
diamond a penny and a nickel and a
quarter before it is too much for it to
handle anyway we're learning about
surface tension this is what they're up
to
oh yeah Oh too old back Isaac is working
on a penny
and it crazy how the drop of water just
stays together
Oh 35 Laura what are you doing why don't
you play it what are you guys playing
we're just plain mime baby oh who's the
mom
and now's the moment that we've been
waiting for all day we are headed in for
our 20 week ultrasound so we're going to
check on the health of the baby and
hopefully find out the gender so any
less guesses yeah I've been thinking
it's a girl I don't care which gender it
is but I feel like it's a boy itself
this is the first time I think it's
going to be a girl and you think it's
going to be a boy yeah we've never
disagreed we've always we all really
know the honest truth of it is we have
two boys we love we have two girls we
love we don't care yeah I'm sure a happy
baby but every time in the past we've
picked the same and we were right every
time it's true so no
little baby's heartbeat I'm most
relieved as they go through each organ
and look at each part just to see you
know a healthy baby so this is a kind of
appointment where you hold your breath
they'll show a specific organ like a
kidney or the heart or the brain and
they're examining it and then you get to
hear if it's healthy or not and I'm so
grateful I mean it's really overwhelming
to hear that our baby is healthy every
aspect of the baby has been healthy and
just to know that that's not always the
case and that this appointment could
have gone very different so I just feel
really blessed and grateful and more
excited than anything to be having a
healthy baby well the ultrasound is done
so we do know what gender baby were
having and you know what one of us was
right and one of us was wrong so I know
that's not very helpful but I was most
relieved just to see the healthy
ultrasound and the baby is growing
appropriately and looks good and so that
was just really sweet to be there and
hear the baby's little heartbeat
together and yeah we're excited to tell
the kids we're sorry that we're not
telling you guys today but we have to
tell our kids first
so gender-reveal coming very very soon
it's amazing how an ultrasound like that
one little moment changes your life like
you know now you can picture a little
pink or a little blue you know you can
think about names and bedroom sharing
and just all sorts of details and it's
just everything
right
good night do yourself
you
