what are you doing buddy I think I'm
okay it's nice down need some more sugar
good morning it is a kind of dreary
windy cold overcast fall morning this
morning and so we are inside obviously
and we are painting so I recognize that
I have no maybe skill or talent with
painting but I love it and that is so
much more important to me like it
doesn't matter to me how the paintings
turn out like I'm having fun and trying
something new and stretching myself and
that what so matters like how it
actually turns out not as important and
hang all right one two three
that pride with my company
wow that's a pumpkin mm-hmm those are
the leaves laughs laughs good job summer
vacuum was grossing me out and I'm
trying to clean it out using the sink I
don't know if this is gonna when I give
it a try
I'm like completely wet from doing this
there's a filter in here that's gotten
all clogged up so that I can cleaner
isn't working as well I probably should
have read the manual I'm cleaning the
vacuum cleaner so today we are studying
about pendulums and it's been really fun
already we built this pendulum Kayla can
I see your pendulum move very nice Isaac
I really like your handwriting
it's the baseball that we're using some
just gonna draw a baseball good idea
how's it going Laura looks great
so Caleb what is a pendulum a pendulum
is something that moves back and forth
well this at the bottom we're going to
measure this string we're going to come
up okay now it is 28 inches long you
guys don't remember that 28 28 so now
we're going to swing it and we're going
to count the periods that it does you
guys think we're going to get more
periods or less period faster ready set
go
one
three four it is 16 Hey all right let's
go reporter finding other tables so here
it right number two because this is our
second experiment and the length of
string was 28 we're making it shorter 20
and a half edited right now I'll show
you so this is 20 and a half one two
three four all right are you gonna be
measuring okay hold the ball still
one two sixteen seventeen eighteen go
right down your ID so when the length of
the pendulum gets shorter does the
pendulum move faster or slower hacker
alright so now we're building block
towers and knocking them over with the
pendulum all right Caleb you ready I'd
be on it oh you build it yeah all right
I'm trying to make this one
indestructible but I don't know this is
not very old faithful hey pretty good
I'm leaving on a jet plane don't know
when I'll be back again just kidding
we're just getting in the car to go to
the library and I'm telling you getting
in the car is so hard why is it so hard
to get in the car it's the four people
that we live with before you and I are
sometimes the hardest to get in the car
so anyway anyway now that it's getting
to be fall like I'm like okay you have
to wear actual shoes you can't afford
flip-flops you need to grab a jacket
nobody can find their shoes nobody can
find their jackets there's a chapter hey
Dad what's Onew singing it's cancer it's
the new twenty one pilots cover what
song is currently stuck in your head let
us know in the comments let's lower on
ik that you say that because Caleb's had
a song stuck in his head all day long
and um that time
mm let's say and your mom but say I'm
distressed now I was dressed up naked
turn back time embassy and mumbo say I'm
disgusted now it's dressed up how do the
ones go turn learn a number say and it
turned back time and I go over with him
the words like I can't hey let shirt
with the I Shores to the good old days
when our momma saying that's gypsy but
just one so the other question that
Caleb asked me today when we were
driving somewhere he said mom why is it
that in movies and TV shows when kids
get song to sleep they just fall asleep
right away and when you sing me to sleep
I'm just sitting there awake still and I
was like good question why don't you
just go to sleep
thank you all right well the big kids
and I are headed into the library for a
minute just to grab some fun books Isaac
has a series that he's obsessed with and
he's read already a couple over the last
couple things so he needs more in two
days I've read both of them I know and
he's been finishing them I know I
survived anyway but it is chilly out
today everybody every one of us had to
grab a jacket before we left so here's
the poll question for today have you
pulled out a jacket are you wearing a
jacket yet this fall let us know up here
in the poll we read it in library oh
thank you what a gentleman so this
series is fictional but is historical
fiction and so it's about somebody that
survived these hard events in history
and so Isaac is loving hearing about
that you chose these funds is it getting
chilly so Jeremy's mom and younger
sister were totally spontaneous and
texted us I think yesterday and said
we're coming to Kansas City like we want
to come see everybody and so they drove
all last night and they're here so we
get to see them for the next couple days
and so it'll be family time I think
we're gonna do a pumpkin patch you know
fun stuff like that Fanny John Emma we
are here
our kids love being with family it's
their favorite thing so ali and aleeah's
have prepared a swing dance
Travis is giving us the audio the
chokehold this is a self-defense class
Baker's man bake me take this and enroll
and the oven forever there's a BC home
biggie all right picking this big he
didn't ask me for work together
sleepover yeah stinkers good night
it's been a hard motherhood day I have
definitely cried
