Kendra just told me that there's some
scary noises coming from the basement
what are those scary noises so the kids
we had a birthday party this morning a
ninja birthday party they're just
showing off their ninja moves now even
laura has ninja moves good morning
um this morning has honestly been a
little bit of a rough start for me it's
I think 10 a.m. right now and it's just
been a hard motherhood day I have
definitely cried and I'm just like you
know what
it's 10:00 a.m. we're gonna pick this
day up and we're gonna turn it into a
good one
and so we are watercolor painting which
is one of my new favorite things guys I
am really enjoying painting I don't have
any skill at it but I love it and it's
so relaxing so I decided to start with
that with the kids this morning kind of
try to reset the day and turn it into
something wonderful and we'll see where
the day goes but for right now we're
gonna all relax and watercolor paint ooh
that's a pretty face easy and making me
but I know I don't have realize it's
just it's I'm using a little bit of
imagination well that's fun
hey miss Laura can I see your picture
hmm so this is the painting I did
yesterday actually did to hope you how
long things Lise I'm actually having a
lot of fun with it hey Isaac what is it
Elise this stinks why just to do a
lesbian Elise was right across from me
and as easy a draw people like that when
they're across from you I at first just
drawing Elise and then I decide
with whiskers on and then I like I hear
Nick uh the Sphinx so good idea you
executed it very nicely too I decided to
just do a bunch of spirals just relax
with it
here is Elise's watercolor self-portrait
and tell us about this picture because
this is a wick and her cat and a pumpkin
Isaac also did some Halloween inspired
art a ghost
and a pumpkin made out of only lines are
you running on your heels
yeah so our black walnut tree is
dropping all of the black walnuts and I
got to get rid of them this is the
inside of a wall that is the walnut but
that's this that's the nut I know oh
yeah I make a new one
oh now we're headed to my happy place
which is the library did you find a good
one
I got to Pinkalicious and this one fun
the road to the NFL does inside me is
iwabi NFL football player when I grow
nice are you helping me carry the books
well I finally got to smart and I got
lots of little bags so that everybody
can carry some of the books home so I'm
not like breaking my arm both how heavy
all of our library books are this is
what happy Drive home from the library
looks like so I'm taking my time right
yeah yeah oh so I'm taking my oh so I'm
taking my damn I I will have to teach in
the rest of the subtle some other time
well I just had the funnest meeting ever
is funnest a word it's not okay I just
had the most fun little meeting ever I
have a friend who is willing to help me
decorate this fall and I'm really
looking forward to it we were talking
about master bedroom designs and what we
can do in this front room and I just
never decorated before and it's
something that's really outside of my
comfort zone is she's really talented at
it and so I reached out and she said
that she could help me and so I'm really
excited anyway but and I came out and
Kayla was being really quiet so I going
to his room to check on him and his
behavior today has just he's been having
a rough day
and so I going to check on him and look
what I found
he shut the blinds and put himself in
bed and I'm just so startled and
surprised like he never naps never some
wonder if he's not feeling good or maybe
he was just really exhausted I'm really
proud of him for putting himself to bed
anyway
we'll see what happens I hope he's
feeling okay thank you
you guys the first-level say good
morning friends
did you good now would you like some
milk what is this Laura oh yeah who's it
for
Omega is it Michaels birthday
yeah so the kid's cousin Michael is
having a birthday party tomorrow and
this is the present that we picked out
for him looks pretty cool I want shade
this what Michael you want to share it
with him hmm
only I didn't make the rainbow so I
guess the kids are working out
you
so Jeremy is heading outside to play
with the kids and Laura and I are going
to pick up some pizza for dinner tonight
and Laura said the cutest thing to me Oh
clearing your throat so Laura what kind
of pizza do you want
um smoke picture wait Danny
what kind smoke pizza smoke pizza
what's smoke pizza ex-friend dare let me
eat it you run some pepperoni pizza um
yeah okay do you want some s'mores Pizza
yeah Alice on top of it
um so put them Oh Laura were you talking
about s'more pizza
so apparently smoke pizza was s'mores
pizza good to know all right let's do it
okay Paul question for the day are the
leaves changing colors for fall where
you live let us know in the poll
I museum erskine get one look what did
you get very flicker but you can't eat
them they're poisonous they turn you
into a snake just kidding birdie please
I'm gonna throw it up in there see if a
bird is any birds to s'mores Pizza Laura
is this the one you want it's the bird
in the bottom what's on it what you
doing making some sandwiches out of
there
smashed berries did you make some jelly
sand and berries YUM but don't eat up
right you remember that poison
yeah let's not eat him if a bird dude
our cousins are inside come on let's go
we're gonna watch a movie
well we had to clean that who's gonna do
it the rain okay come on I don't know
hey the moon is shining off is
reflecting off of the Sun the sun's
reflecting off of it right that's right
right well we eat yummy pizza and then
the kids cousins came over and they
played outside in the backyard and they
watched a movie and just had a really
fun night anyway the kids are in bed now
and Jeremy's editing and I am working on
Christmas shopping I know that seems a
little bit early but it's on my mind and
I really have a goal to get my Christmas
shopping done before Thanksgiving this
year
so that I can just relax and enjoy all
the like fun like Christmas festivities
instead of worrying about shopping at
that point in December so that's what's
going on over here hopefully you guys
are having a good night we'll see you
tomorrow Jake how's that the turkeys the
turkeys are chasing me
okay so I had a crazy dream last night
scratch so Miss Elise has the loosest
tooth I've ever seen
