nor are we home good morning we are so
lucky
Laura woke us up 20 minutes before the
continental breakfast here at the hotel
we're staying at Ed's and so we're like
oh no we woke up the kids and they all
got dressed and we came down here but
it's funny our kids never sleep in until
almost 9 o'clock but with the time
change it's only almost 7 a.m. for us
yes these are the clothes I wore
yesterday you need to drink water the
world you enjoying the breakfast so
Kendra are in our hotel with the kids
and we're looking at the art here and I
can't help but feel like that's
something we could do so after we've
started doing art it's like I think we
could make art basically we're
overconfident but a lot of this like
more creative stuff I know I don't want
to try we should make some art for our
own house yep and Kendra made a
declaration today Oh today is makeup
free Monday and we are heading home the
last leg of the trip
well that's random
I don't know what she's doing
but I had the video it get is such that
their des just Tracy maybe take both
hands off the wheel here's the cool
Oklahoma City Bridge
so I wanted to explore a little bit and
Jeremy being an angel and going along
with it I saw a sign for The Boathouse
District in Oklahoma City and I was like
Jeremy let's go and so he was so sweet
and just pulled off the freeway and
we're just checking it out I've heard of
it before but I wanted to see more about
it so this is where Olympic athletes
come to Train for rowing and other water
sports do you see all the boats this is
near Olympic
so kyndra made us stop and come walk
around here I really wanted to just head
home but adventures are always fun once
you get out so this place is amazing it
has a ropes course the whitewater rapids
and just a lot of really fun things will
have to come another time when it's open
so we can do remember on up every year
I'll come here and bring everything I
yelled for for Olympics and practice
here so if you did ever watching the
Olympics when the kayakers were going
down the water the whitewater rapids
this is one of those courses where they
come and train so the US Olympic Trials
for a kayaking actually happened here in
May before they headed off to the other
so you get scheduled to go down the
whitewater rapids we're definitely going
to come back and do that it's open
where's Caleb and Laura I just don't
know where they are where could they be
well this road trip when I didn't see
where we're going tonight
there's a party on the road tonight
so we drove by a scenic area sign and I
just have to know what it is
there's cattle pens it's pretty scenic
those cattle pens I just have to know
we're in Kansas like what could be that
right like we don't have the Grand
Canyon around here wait so we have to
get all the kids out yes I'm so sorry
that you're married to someone with the
heart of an adventure this is my
adventure today scenic overlook now that
was Oklahoma um River Rapids place that
was your adventure better watch out
we're due for a bigger one tomorrow
so the scenic overlook was called the
bizarre bizarre cattle pens scenic
overlook and I saw it on the drive out
and I was like what infoworld so I just
had to pull over
it never gasps but Laura played with a
blue marker on the drive and me me were
you playing with the blue marker maybe
yeah I mean I had too much money
so this is our last stop before we're in
Kansas City I'm honestly starting to
lose my mind a little bit like the kids
are driving me crazy and it's not their
fault I'm just well they're being a
little more crazy than normal - it's
just the end of a long trip there's a
Dunkin Donuts here and I'm craving some
zelma so they're balloons yeah these are
called Boston green cinnamon one this
one's pumpkin I love all these pumpkin
she's so happy it's fall we are on the
last two hours and 47 minutes of a 40
hour cumulative drive this road trip
all right we're off the freeway we're
not home yet
Kendra turned on the radio stations that
we like to listen to here in Kansas City
and we're almost
so here's one of the downsides of coming
home from vacation there's nothing in
there more are we home how does it feel
to be home our trees
it's her trampoline good night dear Sam
you
