so before we leave Arizona I was getting
together with my family again and we're
here at the park playing games eating
pizza having fun all right
so Laura had been singing the Anastasia
song so much that I started singing her
The Little Mermaid song every day three
or four times to try to switch it over
and now she's finally singing that song
what song should we have her sitting
next let us know in the comments Ready
Set hike one Apple to Apple so it's
crazy in Arizona it's a hundred degrees
today and it's October
well while Jeremy is with the kids at
the park I am running some very
glamorous errands I guess of the van I
went to the bank so we'd have cash for
the trip and now I'm at Target grabbing
snacks
oops
playing ultimate frisbee yeah Isaac
push the novelty knob oh you have to
there we go there you go ah does it feel
good so I didn't want to get all sweaty
before our six and a half hour drive to
Albuquerque by the way we're doing
something super cool tomorrow but I
couldn't help myself like once they were
playing I have no willpower when it
comes to sports I have to play them come
on my last stop is heading to my
favorite restaurant one more time before
we leave town
all right so we're here at the park and
we met some friends who watched a house
when they came up to say hi so thanks
for watching you guys that's awesome
you're getting your workout Angelis so
nice
Caleb was a little uncertain about this
zip line so she held him the entire way
Laura wants to thank Sabri on hold on
tight you know Anton's give you a feel
hold me okay good job Laura you do a
good job
and
didn't work you got them all right well
we are all packed up and we are headed
out of Arizona and we are also sad to
leave our family it is hard to say
goodbye but it helps know that we're
going to our wonderful family in
Missouri and we've got some fun
adventures on the road on this way home
so there's lots to look forward to but
the 20 hour drive I don't think that's
real ornament used to look forward to
we'll make it through my ears like with
having a cold and going up and down in
elevation while driving like this year
still hasn't popped like I can't hear
anything
that's so annoying
all right Laura is telling us a
knock-knock joke
ready get it out to Daddy no no who's
there
all right Isaac says he's got a good
joke for us - who's there who's who
oh I got a funny one okay what's your
knock-knock joke knock knock who's there
let me think okay this is gorgeous
I keep filming all this a beautiful
scenery around us and being painfully
aware of how dirty our windshield and
our windows are we need to get our car
washed again where you can go on a train
ride at some point there's no question
have you ridden in a train you had a
little amusement park light train like a
big one where you're traveling from one
city to another city yes have you Jeremy
yeah when we were in Sweden yeah I did
I have also written on a train once when
I was a young girl like my family rode a
train in America there's the coop and
then also when I was traveling to Europe
but our kids have never been on like a
passenger train we need to take them
somewhere this is
you look like stars on the ground
all right when we have just a couple
hours to sleep at this hotel and then
tomorrow morning at 3 or 4 a.m. we're
waking up good night do yourself
