so this is my step sister Sara he's my
half-brother he's actually heading out
to Sweden and Thursday for a homecoming
just stop by and she is she was happy
about that
yeah good smile bigger Lisi bigger
so when we travel we take the kids home
school stuff with us so they're still
doing their regular lessons any lease
and I have been having so much fun with
her reading program on this trip she's
playing an especially cool reading game
today and so I wanted to show two guys
so here's how the game works a lease you
read each sentence and as you read the
sentence you have to do the action they
actually read some did you already read
some you sneaky K you get us started
ring the bell okay that's not how you
ring that kind of a bell you're put it
down on the table I'll show you okay
good job
okay this Caleb trying to make it into
your club is that what's going on I am
doing certain things to test him mm-hmm
kind of like I'm drafting him into my
into my football club are you gonna make
it I'm basically dry older brothers make
you stronger buddy put on the shorts but
on the short that's why I chose daddy
shorts they are really big yeah you
aren't quite enough Righetti short yet
okay read the next one put on the ah
that's a mr. Potato Head hat is it gonna
sing a song it's time to see what I can
do my rules for me let go you are
awesome
yeah
is it for him to make it clever six-one
see better last time to be on the beach
my little bit g3 smile bigger Lisi
bigger
okay read the next one
drink the glass of water
Oh
take off the Hat I cried picking up this
food I was so happy
so Zubaz is the name of this restaurant
and it's my favorite place seed ever and
we're only going to be in this area with
Zubaz for three days and so I set a goal
I'm eating there every single day
sometimes you gotta set important goals
in life you know yeah I can achieve that
goal so this is a pesto chicken salad no
this is a sandwich this is a pesto
chicken sandwich this is my awesome
salad I got a turkey bacon avocado for
Jeremy but I might eat it and this is a
soup the baby will eat it yes I need
plenty of nourishment oh I'm so happy
right now
well let you enjoy it you know you're
hormonal when you're crying about food
like iJustine beerus okay he wins it all
yeah you know he's in masters sometimes
that happens oh yeah this guy was
annoyed I'm not ready we're gonna go
soon to see poppy rod okay well we've
had a good day at home so far today I
think we did like five or six loads of
laundry and the kids got their school
done and it's just kind of been a
relaxing quiet day now we are going to
go see Jeremy's dad we call poppy rod
and get to visit with him and we're not
quite sure yet what we're going to do
this evening but it's going to be
it always is
so there's that well we need to do yeah
we need to pick up some milk
exotic vacation that's what we need so
last time we're at my dad's house caleb
was pretty scared of angels so this is a
big deal he's overcoming that fear you
saying I don't need her he's more afraid
of this girl I think angel was afraid of
you mad or what Kendra is still afraid
of angel freaking yes she's worrying you
with him there so Sarah's waiting for
her homecoming date to bring those
people and allow her to go to the
dancers Wow so this is my step sister
Sarah caleb has figured out that
teenagers have bones and bones have
snapchat he's a good little con man so
Jared this is my half-brother he's
actually heading out to Sweden and
Swedish when I was 12 or 11 I went to
Sweden when my dad married your mom you
were my best man that was a
life-changing experience it really
opened my eyes to that you're just
different country different culture
being over in their land
I'm excited too they have a good shot
yes they do so Sarah's date for who's
gonna say homeschool seriously for a
hook I would just stop by and she is she
was happy about that it's going to be a
fun good yeah really good
what is it going to be like when we have
two majors oh that's gonna be all right
whose dog is that my well that's your
dog what's that doggies mean I gave you
a name Dario the doggy
apparently Laurie just wants to adopt
this dog yeah here he said is she
actually down there with there yeah
there you go see that too good an inch
that's right see that so you go down now
glutton Petter Natasha where you'll just
touch your head there now your belly
for dinner we're having a cafe Rio which
is a place they don't have in Missouri
that we always come to go Marina Arizona
kindred loves their salads
I like their sweet pork burrito
very
so this is a yummy salad that I love and
my favorite thing about coming here
tonight is that we're with my parents
and so we have four adults and four kids
and that is the way that you know
each person Lincoln impression on those
around them
good night J house out you love your
neighbor black
