do you love your neighbor yes especially
so we'd already ended the vlog for
tonight but we have to show you guys my
parents and Jeremy and I sat down and
painted we just spent like the last hour
and it was so enjoyable I'll show you
our paintings but we won't tell you
whose is whose since the kids woke up
this morning they've been looking at the
painting when they've been trying to
figure out who painted which one and so
we were going to reveal it to Hobbes
that's what you think anyone have any
different ideas the tree one you know
and the flower one is mom's for Grandma
and I think that's the one with shapes
is dad and the one with a lot of trees
and that one's Papa's I say that the one
that I think looks really cool as a
mom's I think that the flower one is
grandma's I think that all the trees
close together
I think that's Papa okay the other one's
trees is yours
cringes big Kendra's okay yes all right
the one with all the trees is Papa's
yeah yet the one with the flowers is
grandmas the one with the tree and the
beautiful sky is his mom's and so this
one with the squares yeah dad's yeah
we've got everything she got everything
right and so did Laura good job
yeah do you guys want to paint again
yeah that was so fun
well Jeremy is loading up the van it's
about time for us to go the boys are
back here watching for squirrels they're
trying to track the squirrel so they can
figure out where they live and they're
trying to build a home for the squirrels
the girls have been on the front porch
playing house so anyway I think our
predominant feeling as we finish up this
trip is just that it wasn't long enough
we just want to spend more time here we
love it here I'm making a squirrel
well the temperature is slowly climbing
it was gorgeous up at the cabin like in
the high 60s low 70s and apparently
supposed to be closer to 100 degrees
down in the Phoenix Valley so as we drop
an elevation and get closer about it's
getting hotter we should go swimming
once you go swimming
well our first stop down here in the
valley because it's 90 degrees out is to
go swimming with Jeremy's mom and his
older sister and his younger brother and
their families we're really excited to
see everybody we're having dinner and
hang out it's looking like there might
be some ringing ahead so that would be a
little bit of a bummer but we are ready
to swim you guys ready
this women is women well the kids braved
the water for a minute but then they all
wanted to get out it's a little cold so
we are going to have some dinner and
play some games and just hang out into
the family and enjoy this beautiful
windy storm and up
yeah it's great what happened miss Laura
did you get a scratch I'm so sorry
Isaac what was your favorite thing ever
gathered last game mommy I think a
motorcycle than 800 motorcycles for the
ATVs
we're never going to ask them right
clean yes chocolate on himself later
unison ooh that looks good okay kitty
cat playing a game called do you love
your neighbor it's our kids favorite
food do you love you know I especially
loved people that wear glasses that's
you it's Laura yes and I especially love
people with bare feet
the switcher yes and I especially love
people who are wearing shoes and Laura
Laura do you love your neighbor hunters
well playing games was fun but the best
part of being with family is catching up
and hearing what's going on in their
life I just love those people out
there's one girl that really like oh my
goodness how do you know she just kissed
me random that's cool yeah
