there's one girl that really like oh my
goodness how do you know he just kissed
me random that's cool yeah we're
planning to finish the fort today you
can help me carry the board's over bud I
can order by myself dad yeah II think so
you help in
guaranteed a magic timber lock garden is
so fun
so beretta just smacked her face with
the wooden swing she's bleeding
everywhere
blessings just happened did it hurt so
bad
bumped your lip you're being so brave
thanks for helping you guys get in there
let's rename it why should we name the
Ford yeah Papa's tree top
alright so I love my mom's question what
do you think we should name this tree
for it at the cabin let us know in the
comments below
Papa's Playhouse so miss Elise got a
splinter there it is Wow
my parents deal with splinters a lot up
here at the cabin and I bought the
world's greatest tweeters and they're
seriously impressive they like getting
hurt did it hurt when it was injured
them yeah and then when we pulled it out
did it hurt no way to go every time we
do this though I can't help but remember
when I had to pool came out his tics
them so now which piece do we need next
you know this is called Caleb who is
called an evil is you built an easel for
painting does it match the one Papa bill
hey good job I'm gonna go show Papa see
how this is an example I want you guys
to figure it out
good job big girl I love that you guys
get to build these all right the ladder
is done here's the first time the kids
are going to go up in the ladder into
the fort good job big girl
Oh
so we're up here riding around right
where the fire was
strike good
Caleb's got a serious face
show me your swing Yeah right miss Lisa
Kelly would you want so pretty
first I'm good in the background and
then I'm doing the trees and bushes so
Laura that's beautiful you trying to
make sky blue yep
I learned about this in my art my
gullies Wow look at mine
Laura's level of focus is just cracking
me up it's amazing
do you need a paper towel
it'll dry off it's okay well you got
paint in your hair not too much just a
little bit of blue how do I look now I
think you got it all off every little
bit of it you know rubbing your hands
through there's probably gonna help
all right Caleb tell me about your
painting so this is the sky that tree
right there is this that Bush is that is
that the cabin is this and you will need
a spy miss Laura is it all done mm-hmm
what is it the cabin yeah oh you've got
everything all figured out thank you she
couldn't wait to tell Papa about her
painting Nia so you were looking right
down there the color of brandy really
worked so I did black outlining of the
logs mm-hmm
lease is still going strong
how did you like painting on a canvas I
loved it amazing me you guys headed out
on an ATV ride who's driving
what daddy better hold on tight don't go
these boys are ready for a ride
Lisa Kim running back for a helmet good
job big girl
all right we did a little switcheroo now
I got Isaac
two more minutes till dinner it's Caleb
turn the drug
thank you by yourself yeah so we're
hearing the story about how Papa and
grandma met and the romance that you
know led to them getting together and
then Isaac reveals an absolute bomb on
us at his school there's one girl that
really liked me oh my goodness how do
you know did she tell you he told me you
guys never told us about this why didn't
you tell us about it okay so how did you
know she liked you so what happened us a
few times like just like in some place I
was listening and you're just behind me
and hugged me or something what would
you do one she would hug you go away
like go to the front or short thick for
a be surrounded by people one time a
girl named rainy she just kissed me
randomly
that's cool yeah what did you do after
she kissed you
I tried to run away in the line hmm I
can't to go as fast as I came down the
stairs yeah cuz girls have cooties and
whenever she tried to kiss me I were
like this hmm how did you guys never
mention this before when I asked them
about what happened at school this is
the kind of stuff I like to know about
Lacey any confessions but I think it was
from last year tell us like one more
just made me a flower out of like with a
bin toy thing and he said this is for
you and thank you climbing Oh what
happened at nursery at church
I don't was oh there is a spider back
I'll tell you everything
Oh Tommy and I see a peachy
yeah so if you want to see the story of
Kendra and i's love we actually have a
whole playlist of a series of stories so
you can check that out up here at the
iCard romance an elementary school yes
it crashes when I was in kindergarten I
really liked a first grader and it was
Valentine's Day so I wrote a poem of
love and I had my sister write it out in
really nice cursive handwriting and I
drew all over it and I put it in an
envelope and put a sticker a heart
sticker on it and then I actually knew
when her recess was I figured this out
and I just walked out of my classroom in
kindergarten I just walked out and went
to her classroom and I was putting my
envelope on her desk and the teacher was
in there and she's like can I help you
and I said I actually came up in that
moment with a little white life he said
my teacher is wanting this for this
student and the teacher just got a
laughed at me and I was like so I'm
bringing it and I pull it out from my
sweater that was like tied around my
waist at the time you know so I pull it
out and I lay it down on her desk and we
would love to hear in the comments any
stories about your first love let us
know all right so Kendra wanted to ride
I want to drive yep she's getting ready
to go
you
so Jeff is showing the kids home videos
of when he was a little kid how old were
you here Jeffrey about the age of Isaac
and this is a wedding of your aunt I
just think it's so amazing that your dad
was taking video
he was vlogging he was vlogging with no
Sam yeah that there is there's my yeah
well it's always funny when we're
watching these old home videos from the
60s to think that someday in 2060 people
are going to be watching our vlogs and
wondering what we were doing and what
was going on our grandkids like crazy
Oh Kendall is craving cookies that is me
on the pitch email that's happened
pitching
good night dear Sam Laura's in timeout
for throwing sand
you
