Laura's in timeout for throwing sand
Laura do you think I've taken a picture
that would be a really cute picture but
I'm vlogging right now what kind of a
snacker you having and there's fish on
the outside of the cup too so Caleb has
been begging and begging to climb this
tree and we've just said you can do it
as long as you can come back down and he
keeps trying but then he needs help down
and he's tested higher and higher you
sure you can't climb down bud
okay we need the fire department the
fire department okay buddy are your
kitty cat caught in the tree what's your
idea what's your escape plan huh yeah
the firefighters take care of me did
Papa save you
sit just sit right there okay buddy
daddy can I get up again I'm gonna get
that I can get down from there so Laura
just came running into the house to grab
me she said mom there's a spider by the
rocks and I came out to see it is it
down there oh my goodness
that's called a beetle Laura are you
nervous yeah don't momma get it oh look
it's moving look how pretty it is Laura
she's like holding on to me watching
what's your building that's right
further mom rails have you enjoyed
working with Papa he's our best pop
right right
you let you build anything by yourself
actually once he let me build my
everything
we've been working a lot this morning we
finalized putting the swingset solid
into the ground we had poured concrete
and bolted it down so that it was stable
and level so Elise has still been
crocheting and check it out her string
is so long now what yeah that's amazing
that's amazing Laura you just watch it
well I'm not a handyman but it's such a
blessing to have Jeff Kendra's dad to
show me some of these things than just
the tools he has and the methods he uses
I'm learning a ton and it makes me want
to build a fort in our backyard or do
some of these projects on my own
I still have had a bad cold and so I
just woke up from a good nap and miss
Laura did you take a nap huh how was it
yeah what are the boys doin' excited
about it I may decide is there gonna be
a slide on it yeah are you gonna play on
the tree house yeah yeah oh you gonna
say dingdong time for food at the tree
yes yeah you wanna go help build yeah
what are you a tool do you want to use a
big one giggling should go see what the
boys are doing
hit their heart on your shirt wha what
does this say yeah
oh it says Laura yeah I think it says
adorable daddy you see your daddy what's
he doing alright
Lucy's first time peeling so you slide
it away that makes sense
job misses alright the next step is
layering those apples into the pan very
nice and Solis thanks mmm now we're
adding the topping which is the best
part right and just scooch it around
all right grandma's gonna fingers go on
I think we scared this knees ever it's
so beautiful up here at the cabin it's
been so nice to spend a little bit more
time here than we usually can
unfortunately we only have a day and a
half left and I feel like I'm already
like sad about it and plotting and
planning when we can come back it's just
quiet and peaceful and we don't have any
internet up here and so I can't be
distracted by my phone or social media
or anything like it's just kind of
easier to have that special time
together and I love the things the kids
are learning and the experiences they're
having with their grandparents and a
little bit of a magical place for me and
our family I guess you guys have quite
the crew here
it's cool because out here you don't
really need a sandbox because it's just
saying miss Lora what are you making
food what kind of food you make a
marshmallows looks like somebody's gonna
need a bath tonight
mm-hmm yeah you do you need it back
tonight what you doing over there bud
playing football nice way to be flexible
Laura's in timeout for throwing sand
don't okay Laura
you're mad no I want you to be able to
go play with Papa too but you can't yet
cuz you're in timeout do we throw sand
no okay are you ready to go say sorry
alright you can get down
that's why Papa's holding onto you
yeah and but we all the kids want to try
the new platform there's going to be a
railing so they're hanging out with Papa
there I just slide is it feel pretty
cool do you like it can you see over to
the tree she's gonna do dance parties up
in the tree house doing the Papa do the
Papas doing perfect nailed it one two
three it is really good and I throw your
curve ball right at your hands and then
it curves down strike and you're like us
a nap right pan here's a sinker go ahead
and hit it oh well it looks like we'll
finish the fort tomorrow so it'll be fun
to get that done wheelies do you see
this little plant right here mm-hmm
that's a baby ponderosa pine tree Wow it
will grow to be one of these if it
continues to grow but the kid going over
there by this tree swing well it's up
it's a little bigger
it's kid yep and then it's gonna become
a teenager and then a mum well so weird
dad all right here's the apple crisp
we're having it with ice cream
caleb you see the firefighters we're
gonna go see the forest fire
