caleb you see the firefighters we're
going to go see the forest fire
so we woke up this morning with a lot of
smoke around the cabin and I was driving
out towards the main road and there's
fire trucks everywhere
they are doing a controlled burn through
all of the forest area right by the
cabin and so we thought it'd be neat to
take the kids out to meet the
firefighters to talk to them and ask
questions and learn a little bit more
about the process and I wanted to learn
some tip is it a bumpy road
so you guys here's the fire station do
you see all these tracks so um y-you
guys bring in a fire in here the houses
so you see all this stuff right here all
these little trees and everything that's
what we're trying to get rid of why did
you leave in choose to do this kind of
work I chose because I like helping
people I'm driving around in a big red
truck like to go out into the woods you
know meet a lot of people quite
different fires and different states I
mean it's awesome is why I chose it
thanks guys we love you fire danger for
today is low all right so here's the
firefighters and here's the cabin so
they are right here on the cabin getting
ready to go in and do this burn I'm kind
of excited I'm a little nervous because
if it gets out of control
that's a problem Caleb you see the
firefighters that is a ponderosa pine
firefighters yeah we got C's so March
into the forest firefighter so we found
one of the firefighters and she's kind
enough to like answer more of our
questions and look at the map and tell
us what's going on
so Jaime is actually here from San Diego
doing it like your whole crew from there
by myself for this I'm the fire effects
monitor Wow so I watch the burning that
they're doing and making sure that its
meeting the objectives and not burning
too hot oh cool so you're going to make
sure that it doesn't turn into a
uncontrolled fire that burns down Oliver
have you had anything meeting the
resource objectives they want so they're
not burning it too hot and not killing
trees well thank you for doing that
we're really grateful for Jaime keeping
us safe so we'll let you get to your job
Thanks so we're gonna go see the forest
fire
so when I was growing up my family owns
some property up not far from here in
the mountains we would come and we would
camp every year and when I was around 19
or 20 it all went up in flames in a
forest fire it was devastating I
remember going and seeing it and it was
just all black and it didn't just burn
down I mean it was a huge forest fire
thousands of acres burned down well the
wind is changing they're going to back
out a little bit hello thanks for your
help that's right
well one of the activities that I've
been wanting to do with the kids is a
nature play-doh activity where you make
this like herbal tea scented play-doh
and then they get to play with the
play-doh with all these nature items and
I thought the cabin was the perfect
place to do this well we're not gonna do
it Laura
we're making play-doh Laura to play with
can you stir it can i stir it after
machen okay so our next project is that
we're building a moat for water to run
through this pathway
it's kind of a pretty rosy color all
right it is starting to form into
play-doh so this is the flour and the
tea from inside the teabag whoo is it
hot yeah well it is warm cuz it just got
out of the stove huh it is kind of a
rosy pink color
oh is it for the birthday
yeah can go to candle so Elise made
herself in play-doh mm-hmm I know this
is my hair I I know and I love it
what are you working on over here
bolt trigger and go for it pull it out
it needs to go about right there good
good good
so my poison ivy looks pretty bad I
haven't shown you guys a really good
look at it and if you don't want to see
this just skip ahead a few seconds
because it's pretty gross but I want to
show this and remember for myself that
this was really a pain it hurt really
bad but when I went into my doctor's
visit for them to take a look at it I
really came away just feeling so
grateful for my health because I was
healthy in every other area and I just
think of those who have ongoing sickness
or ongoing health problems like I just
feel so sad for people in that situation
because health is such a blessing and
that's something I know I take for
granted all the time but often having
some kind of ailment or some kind of
pain reminds you how wonderful it is to
normally be healthy all the time hmm
have you seen my my poison ivy yeah it
hurts honey it looks like in a heal
healing process I hope so yeah cuz
whenever Ella's are ready it it means
nothing
I hope so Caleb decided to take a break
from working and come play with play-doh
yes no we don't eat play-doh and no
animals don't use play-doh either platos
just for playing with what's this one
Lacey Oh pop person a lollipop person is
this the cabin yep this is a tree and
this a flower and then the door and a
window and the chimney the concrete it's
so not the ball smell oh yeah it does
smell a little weird it's got herbal tea
in it
yeah that's an animal eating dad this is
my little design
oh my things that I'm gonna know so this
is your model yeah my little model
what's it gonna be allow Cameron for me
I love it
where are you gonna sleep oh where do
you keep all your tools they live in the
garage right here is doing a puzzle
Oh drain puzzle grandma yeah what are
you doing I mean did you finish it
what's your favorite animal on there the
wolf if you've gone back and looked at
any of our vlogs when we're here at the
cabin which there's several I need to
make a playlist because they're fun
vlogs but we always have tri-tip when
we're here it's a family tradition
the kids are so excited they're cousins
Kendra's sister and their family are
coming up to the cabin tonight
do yourself this was God directed by the
fire wildfires are not a thing we deal
with in Kansas City I don't know how
deep is a cub
