this was God burn - by the fire
wildfires are not a thing we deal with
in Kansas City how deep is a cub
is here at the cabin is the moon up
there it's well it's a beautiful morning
here at the cabin
the kids woke up bright and early
because there's a two-hour time change
so they were up in the fives even though
we got to bed super late pulling in and
they've been just running around having
fun digging in building we're going to
be helping pop up with some projects so
we're going to go do that what projects
are we building first we have a fork
we're gonna build a fort
cubby has been running around a hundred
miles an hour
since 5:30 this morning dude I love your
little jacket is it your lumberjack
outfit yeah I'm gonna but to know or can
you help me go Elise Elise Oh Elise I
love
hey heart lift it up lift it up
is it gonna dump whoa well it's so nice
being here at my parents cabin and just
spending this time with them I'm excited
about the project the kids are getting
to work on and the unfortunate part is
I'm feeling sick like the total runny
nose congested throat on fire headache
um but you know what this is a place
where I can just sit back and relax and
hopefully I'll feel true soon how deep
is a cup and you've lost a leg okay you
just can't get dirty today okay yeah
yeah yeah just kidding two kids riding
you well
barrel wait a second right now we're
making concrete yeah
we want a little bit of uphill purpose
yeah my mom and Elise are working on
making some brownies and some chocolate
chip cookies to put in a solar oven my
parents have a solar oven which i think
is so cool for the kids to learn how to
use
really have to get so lessee have you
ever used a solar oven before what's
what is a solar oven it cooked outside
and the Sun cooks it ok she's making
chocolate chip cookie dough which is
that crazy brownies and chocolate chip
cookies together dream mommy does the
washing you do the rinsing so Caleb
wants to be an amazing dishwasher just
like Papa
just loving the smell up hear the sound
of the breeze blowing through the trees
I love being at the cabin
so this is when the thread pen slides
through goes hi what are you working on
these Hoshea have you done it before
no so you just keep this to very first
time thank you pulling a truck through
Caleb what is this what is this solar
oven how does it get hot
I just Sun woo that's really cool okay
we're waiting for it to preheat to 350
is it there yet
yeah no not quite yet set 300 so Elise
made this long chain what are you making
a rope a rope like a jump rope yeah
Isaac his is super long - you guys are
doing awesome
so crocheting is a really cool thing in
my family I know how to crochet my mom
knows how to crochet she was taught by
her mother so my grandmother's a crochet
and she was taught by her mother and I'm
sure it goes back like even generations
but all my siblings we know how to
crochet and so it's really fun to see my
kids crochet so poll question for today
do you know how to crochet or knit let
us know I don't know why this is fun but
it's fun so you like it yeah but you
don't know why yeah so it is random and
it like tempts me to do it - just to get
it longer romics I start I can't stop
yeah I remember one time when my grandma
came to visit she crocheted a chain
stitch and she went so fast and us kids
pulled it all the way down the hallway
of our house seriously
well I just picked a booger so we're
gonna go check on dessert it's cooking
outside in the oven
yeah they have an outside of an it's
called a solar oven wanna see it yeah
sure let's go check on it hey that does
look good huh okay they puffed up quite
a bit so let's start a little pensions
you're starting an invention what did
you just mark on the board pencil marks
well this looks like a really cool
creation you're working on what's it
gonna do it gets water to flood away
from your house that's a good invention
all right well they cooked they did it
mom you're genius it's warm
oh you're setting the table up for
dinner cubby you ready for dinner
actually saw the UM firefighters boots
Papa showed us wait where they will walk
whoa their boot prints whoa what is that
what Papa's gonna sit yeah yep by all of
us you're doing a great job setting the
table Laura Thanks it's just like notes
my little heart like sometimes we don't
realize like how much two year olds can
help but she's like legit helping so
Kendra couldn't open the applesauce
dryer and so she asked me to come and
help and I'm not a big night I was
hoping that the pressure from the camera
would help me really get my home
I wish you guys could have seen all the
faces like it was really funny goodbye
that you store from all your work today
and working pretty hard yeah I don't
really do that much manual labor but
that post hole digger and Oh homemade
soup and homemade biscuits for dinner we
are living the life well we're going on
an evening walk and we can see some of
the smoke from the fire off in the
distance apparently they're just using
it now to like clear brush away like
they're saying it's under control and
they're just letting it burn out some of
the underbrush wildfires are not a thing
we deal with in Kansas City and so it's
interesting to be out here and learning
more about it this is a footprint of the
um firefighters ah as business
Chiarello's
this is the trail actually personal
problems walked really when they were
fighting the fire
they've been rated hit raw rock and hit
that long log that goes across the creek
try to throw it oh so close so close
how's he gonna rock Cub yeah I think of
it it coming yeah it's fun to be out
exploring as a family gorgeous out here
we learned how to tell the difference
between a ponderosa pine tree and a
Douglas fir tree and a juniper fish
let's go
me all right they're hiking the final
hike up to the cabin good night Junior
Seau the rainbow there's tons of snow
and it's from a forest fire that's in
the area he starts screaming aah
