the rainbow my parents said that
firefighters have been in the area like
all around their cabin but there's tons
of snow and it's from a forest fire
that's in the area you start screaming
ah there is a good morning
we slept so well no till last night and
now we ate some breakfast and get on the
road we just hit the road and we start
cruising along it's been a good Oh 10 or
15 minutes and tell them what happened
well I was going about 75 miles an hour
and the freeway here I don't know what
the speed limit is I think it might be
the speed limit but anyway we drop by to
these cars and they flipped on their
lights right when I drove by and the
adrenaline just starts you know coursing
through like oh no I want to take it but
so far they starting chase me down so I
like got out of the glove compartment I
got the registration and I got the
insurance I was like where's your wallet
look while your license and
so right behind me right now is a police
officer I'm driving very carefully I'm
trying to get light past the semi-truck
so I'm going a little bit over the speed
limit
that mr. P silencer
here comes the police officer guys there
he goes rounding with that poops Oh see
that cop over there guys and this is why
you've always been limits you don't have
to live in fear of driving PES please
officer why you need to make sure you
know what the speed limit is yes it's
true
apparently the speed limit is 70 well I
had to vlog this moment because if no
one is currently mining complaining
fighting or screaming yay let's see
Laura's got silly putty we're going to
regret that one but she's happy at the
moment so I'm happy
Lisi has this do fletching kind of
mesmerizing Isaac show us what you've
got I don't even know those things are
called but they're cool and Caleb what
you working on can you show us your
picture whoa what is it Oh what
it's a Blaine
I think Laura realizes there's still a
long way to go I feel like snacks on
road trips are always just sexy and
annoying and so I decided to try
something new this time I packed our
cooler full of prepackaged snacks it's a
12 hour drive so I got and remember
exactly if it's 10 or 12 snacks but I
free divided them so that they're all
ready to go and every hour on the hour
my plan is to say here's a snack so on a
12 to 14-hour Drive you start doing kind
of silly things we're playing a game or
no we're we're counting every semi-truck
Madden that was number 11
at 9:30 this morning which was six hours
ago so six hours down eight hours left
I just down
so being an Albuquerque I can't help but
think about a major life decision we
face I got a job offer to work at a firm
in Albuquerque and we had an offer in
Arizona after law school and I decided
to turn down both of those offers and to
go to Kansas City where I didn't have a
job offer have you ever wondered what
our life would be like had I accepted
the Albuquerque offer you know I haven't
thought about it much but it'd be
different yes Bob you went to Kansas
City
alright I'm introducing the kids to a
whopper jr. they've never had one before
I love whoppers it's my preference but
whole today if you had to choose between
a whopper a Big Mac or a Wendy's do they
have a special teeth or a Wendy's
hamburger which one would you choose
let us know on the poll
we offer
hi
are we champions of trips so for this
drive Isaac got a new football stats
sticker book collection and he's been
looking at it pretty much the whole time
he loves football statistic pretty much
we think he has a future as a sports
edit decision I say that statistician
I'm excited because I thought we had
five and a half hours of driving left
and it's only four and a half hours
people that's like a whole hour less and
the rule about that right now oh it's
pretty distraction too and I'm also
excited because Jeremy is driving again
and I prefer to have Jeremy Drive not
just because I don't really love driving
so much but because he is the worst
backseat driver ever I don't know if you
guys know what a backseat driver is
that's a person that sits next to you
while you're driving and tells you how
to drive I'm seeking help he really
needs help
yeah I'm really bad at backseat driving
I'm sorry I'll try to do better
Keter just drives very differently than
I do I Drive safely pretty safe but
different than I do and it's harder as a
side note when we were calmly discussing
that he's a backseat driver
he claimed that I'm a backseat parent er
like apparently when he's parenting I'm
like telling him how to parent so
Touche well we'll work on those things
and we'll have marital bliss this is the
brightest rainstorm ever I'm wearing
Kendra sunglasses
it's helping a lot and then it stops it
started that way too you could see the
wall of rain that you were driving into
like there wasn't rain and you can see
in the street like there's the wall of
rain I know here you guys I'll show you
on the vlog camera
so a couple days before we left on our
trip I put a post up on Facebook asking
for suggestions about like how to keep
the kids busy on the drive and one of
you suggested that we should change like
the seating arrangement up a couple
times and so we've done that like
letting the kids sit by different people
and it's really sweet to see them
interact and play together and stop
fighting and see a new base and so we
are switching it up yet again
the Laura was sitting by you tab hey
love
how's Caleb ever sat by you love whoa
this is gonna be fun 40 way to are cute
you guys buddies how's it going back
there big kids I'm winning I got two
guys are playing checkers haha what's up
next after checkers hey man
it changes different colors dependence
yeah so let me try you do it doesn't
matter screen let's see
good job miss Lora so I don't know if
you are told is where we're going we're
going up to the mountains of Arizona to
my parents cabin which I'm so excited
about unfortunately we just got a text
from my parents and it sounds like
there's a forest fire in the area not
like right at my parents cabin but kind
of close by anyway so that's a little
alarming there is a great sunset guys we
are officially in Arizona so we were
driving along and Caleb yells out I have
to pee so we pulled over on the side of
the road
one mile after Caleb had to pee he
starts screaming ah we're in the middle
of nowhere so we're now on the side of
the road because what else are you
supposed to do when somebody really
really has to go cessful we sheriff you
guys can see but there's tons of smoke
oh my goodness
and it's from a forest fire that's in
the area
you know everybody's cleared that this
road is safe to travel we're just
getting the smoke from it it smells like
a camp at whoa
it smells like I can't fire a really
really big one my goodness so the
visibility sometimes as to where we
can't see even 10 to 15
in front of us the camera views actually
through smoke
and snow yeah thanks for going slow
Jeremy when we made it and we are safe
and warm tucking the kids in the bed
sleep a fun day tomorrow J house out hey
guys that city up there is an Oklahoma
so I got walking down that way stirs
before that this is my first time to
have lamb fries she like was tearing up
like she was crying because he passed
away recently and so she was here by
herself and so it's just so sweet to
fail to be with her
