hey guys that city of there is Oklahoma
so I got Rocky Mountain Oysters before
that this is my first time to have lamb
fries she like was tearing up like she
was crying because he passed away
recently and so she was here by herself
and so it's just so sweet to fail to be
with her so we're packing this morning
like finalizing stuff and I'm putting on
my makeup and I find this old eyebrow
pencil that I'm like oh I didn't
remember I had this one and it kind of
looked like it might be a better
coloring for my face and so I put it on
I don't know if you guys can tell it's
super dark and it goes on differently
and so I accidentally did it all wrong
my eyebrows are weird anyway just a
little tip when you're in a hurry and
you're packing don't use that as a time
to experiment on new or different makeup
products just do your normal routine
it'll work out much better for you yeah
okay
what are you guys playing Caleb Oh what
are you girls up to hey the kids have
been helping me a bunch this morning but
I'm still finishing up a few things and
I wanted them to play without getting
super messy so I don't know if this is a
good choice or not they look really nice
what kind of cookies are they down brown
you see that looks nice Thanks so kendra
has the packing set up so that when we
go in and out of a hotel we only have
the stuff we need for that instead of
taking in all of her other luggage
she has each of the kids stuff in a bag
just makes it so much easier for packing
I'm running one last errand I realized
that I'm out of my nausea medication so
I don't want to be sick on my trip so
I'm gonna run to the store this guy is
going to load up best of luck
we have a pretty good divide-and-conquer
system I get everything ready to pack I
do all the laundry I lay it all out I
figure out exactly what we need and then
he loads it into suitcases and loads up
the car it works for us
we are officially on the road and we
busted out forces snacks of the day
these are poland peeled watermelon
Twizzlers
so it's officially road trip now because
working and we're driving we're trying
to get in about five or six hours of
driving today and then tomorrow's when
we got the long stretch ahead of us so
we're just enjoying the scenery Kansas
just bring it pretty
so as we were packing up to leave from
our trip I was flooded with memories of
other road trips and the good times and
the like and disasters we'd run into
along the way so we've had kind of an
unlucky string of trips I think we've
had twice that the roads closed down
because of like freak blizzards and so
we were stranded overnight we've had
once when our tire like got shredded and
popped and we had to stay overnight
somewhere to get our tire fixed their
tornado it was like I had no way to know
Piper yes we were trying to leave to get
to our plight that there was a tornado
warning so we had to stop and take
shelter and then we flew home from that
place we weren't able to get to our
house because we didn't have a house key
in our garage door opener had broken so
we're hoping for an uneventful
fingers crossed now got someone for us I
don't know if we have any what's the
card where does that come from
Laura what you do
but she's wearing in the CD case she
told me she'd be the Hat
you know
I think the parents are happier than the
kids when it's finally time to watch a
show Kendra's really sparse with
watching up shows I'm like let's just
plug him in the whole time and she's
like no it'll be better for them and
she's right what it's hard there's
Oklahoma City we're going under a bridge
that is a very famous bridge they
constructed it in 2012 and they had a
competition in their City to see which
bridge design would be the most likely
to resemble Oklahoma City and what is
about this red one this bridge right
here do you see the screaming engine
this one right here yep it's one yep it
was supposed to look like their State
Board taking the light or their state
bird diving down some other states were
dying so you're gonna sit like that's
not inspirational
remember and they don't remember their
state bird either but I know the bridge
is important we're headed into stockyard
city it's a certain district of Oklahoma
City
all right so for dinner tonight we came
to Cattlemen's steakhouse in Oklahoma
City and I researched beforehand like I
didn't wanted to stop at a fast-food
place I wanted to come some place it was
like a classic Oklahoma to take place
and this place has been running here
since 1910 and we're actually sitting at
from the bar from 1910 like this is the
original spot they used to put on this
side and then it had the bar right here
and so I'm just really excited we're
trying their classic appetizer it's
called ma'am fries and then we're going
to have steak and potatoes just like a
total Oklahoma City steakhouse
Caleb what is steak it's chicken that's
like fried chicken so you know steak is
actually not chicken basically they do
have ice cream it's better heavy
yeah that's butter for the baked
potatoes do you like it yeah you do
probably the best chicken g5o is the
best chicken here that's the best
chicken nugget he's had well I know what
the lamb fries are and I'll have to say
this isn't my first time to have
something like this
or it's pretty good so I've had Rocky
Mountain Oysters before that this is my
first time to have lamb fries what's it
taste like normal normal is normal kind
of thing it's a good
I'm on top feeling super brave
they make you better in the kitchen so I
told Isaac with the lamb fries so how do
you like those lamb fries now
thank you pretty good I think I still
would crying so we were just walking
through the restaurant and Caleb had
everyone laughing because he looked up
at a man who walked by and what did you
say oh you look like a cab and he
actually did he did look like a cowboy
yeah sure
he looked just like a cowboy yeah
everyone was laughing there was a woman
that Isaac and I were sitting next to
and she was all alone and we were
sitting there and we started talking to
her and she said that she has been in
the area for forty years and she and her
husband always came and sat and ate
together then right there at the bar and
they always ordered the lamb fries and
only he would eat them because she
wouldn't try them and she like was
tearing up like she was crying because
he passed away recently and so she was
here by herself and so it was just so
sweet to be able to be with her and to
realize that this is a place like when a
when a restaurants been around for so
long it's a place where people come from
memories and our server grew up as a
child coming to the restaurant and her
dad's the manager and so like this
restaurant has been part of her life
forever I just love like the people
everywhere we go I love the people and
it is so sweet the waitress oh she just
good care of us grow food like right
away for the kids
well we were just two miles from our
hotel and that we ran into you know just
complete stop of traffic and we saw the
flashing lights ahead and there was that
moment when we just really wanted to get
to the hotel and I was like oh my
goodness this is such a pain but then I
thought about the people who were in the
accident and how their lives are
affected and then sitting and waiting in
traffic didn't seem like a big deal came
or they maybe said a prayer together as
a family and we just pray that
those families are okay
I spy a pool well even though it's late
we've been promising them swimming all
day
so where's women all right a quick hotel
on tour it's nice because this place is
extra big just good because we a lot of
people I come home to home anyway
there's like a little kitchenette when
you come in and the bathroom on that
side and here is the pull-out couch and
the two queen beds and Isaac and Caleb
fish should we get on our swimsuits
yes swimming pool
we
gooshie out of water good night dear
sell try rolling Argo
