try rolling Argo
so last night caleb was having a hard
time going to bed literally bouncing off
the walls right so anyway I had to
discipline Caleb after about 10 minutes
I hear a knocking on the door and Caleb
said he had a message for me and I came
in and Caleb showed me this and what
does it say Caleb I will do as I am told
I love you so he wrote me this tender
message so we talked about forgiveness
and repentance and second chances and
then Isaac came back in and they they
went to sleep so I'm really proud of you
you look so pretty for picture day lor
are you ready for school okay let's go
get in the car
new guinea and your backpack on alright
go up on the car
all right well the kids are all ready
for school picture day all right say bye
to Lucy have a good day
have a good day at school cubby hi-yah
how are you most cute dropping off the
kids in their school picture day clothes
like they're all excited to get their
pictures taken and you know my approach
with school pictures is I just let the
kids I'll pick their favorite outfit
like I just want to remember what they
were like at this stage like what they
love to wear and like see their
personality come out in it a little bit
for family pictures on the other hand I
choose all the outfits and I just have
to wear what mom says so it's kind of
fun that for school pictures they get to
choose their own outfits and you know
obviously we do their hair and
everything but it was fun last year the
pictures turned out really good so
hopefully they do this year too now
Laura and I have a very very busy day
ahead of us god this is called an
umbrella we're eating outside under an
umbrella so Panera is a little too close
to my kids school like I dropped them
off and I'm like I'm just craving Panera
so I'm having a ham and Swiss souffle
and this green passion smoothie was
actually really good since we're going
on the big road trip I definitely want
the car to be clean like when you're
going to be spending that much time in
the car it's so much nicer to have it
clean but Jeremy is super busy and I'm
going to pull the pregnant card and so
I'm paying to get the car washed and the
inside vacuumed so
quite the treat what do you think some
girl
hi
there goes my heart
here's the big dryers
I really like that you like get in the
car wash power now we drop it off to get
the inside feeling I'm excited
well I'm pretty impressed this place is
nice and clean and oh that feels so good
knowing that we're gonna be packing a
full of stuff and ironically of course
we're probably gonna be like snacking in
the car over the next few days on our
big road trip but at least it started
clean so headed into the library to look
for some movies and CDs that will be fun
a new floor trip thank you
yeah I needed your help thanks for
helping me well we found a bunch of CDs
and movies so we'll have some fresh
things to listen to and watch in the car
I was really excited about some CDs that
are called like songs and story and it
looks like it does like the story of
Beauty and the Beast and we get to
listen to some songs so I'm gonna see
how those turn out and of course I snuck
some educational ones marie-laure where
are we ah well our next stop of the day
was Walmart and I'm about ready to head
to checkout and I'm not sure how many
more errands Laura's gonna be able to
handle we picked up some fun stuff for
the trip and also some essentials like I
was running out of some of my makeups on
my toiletry stuff oh he's on sneakers
anyway time to check out okay you finish
loading it up there
good job good work big girl yeah
yeah home town oh thanks are you my
helper no mommy's gonna pay today well
Laura had a few rough moments in this
store you know she's - she just wanted
everything in sight wanted to get out of
the card I wouldn't let her and that
made me the meanest mom ever anyway
Oh Thank You Laura anyway when we got to
check out she helped load up the stuff
and then she was so sweet and kind to
the cashier and anyway the lady behind
me in line just said she is so sweet
medicine thank you and she said no like
her behavior like she's just a really
wonderful little girl and it just warms
my heart you know as a mom there's so
many rough moments if you had somebody
say something nice about your kids
it's always
touching so thank you crying stranger
ready for nothing yeah you're good
tonight
can you take a nap yeah got my whole
crew they had good days how was your day
Lacey good Isaac what was your favorite
part
iein so on the drive up here we were
talking about the kids Spanish classes
at school today and the different things
they learned and we started talking
about rolling ours which I can do Rolo
is what we were talking about bro Rojo
let's hear you roll your eyes oh good
good try
try rolling Argo
that was in your throat let's hear yours
so Caleb you use your tongue like that
long of a tongue my tongue gets all the
way past year when I bring my tongue up
doesn't
alright so poll question for the day can
you roll your R's we're gonna have to
check I don't know if Jeremy can roll
his arse
well we are coming in to check our p.o
box today I couldn't remember which one
it was at all
you guys this is simply overwhelming
thank you so much for taking the time to
write us letters we love hearing more
about your lives and getting to know you
and so just thank you so much we can't
open everything on the vlog anymore it
just doesn't work out but we really
appreciate you reaching out to us and
sorry I'm squinting some I just like
super bright out here
it's Sports Club again it's one day a
week we have a bunch of Isaac's friends
come and we pick us for it and just dig
in so we're doing baseball
Kubby wanted to come out and play with
us he's going oh great play buddy
all right well the packing games have
begun I've got a night ahead of me with
this we're packing for some colder
weather at the cabin and some warmer
weather you're down and the hotter areas
of Arizona so wise what are you fun yes
it's your backpack okay wish me luck
we'll see you guys tomorrow Jay how soft
I'm having a down day just a day when
I'm struggling with depression and those
down feelings those feelings that I'm
not enough those feelings that I'm
incapable of being enough
