I'm having a down day just a day when
I'm struggling with depression and those
down feelings those feelings that I'm
not enough those feelings that I'm
incapable of being enough what are you
making for breakfast she slip it over
there are you his baby chains not them
you're melting candy canes to put in the
oatmeal candy cane Oh
how's the candy cane oatmeal good I'm a
chef and she will everywhere at our
bakery so she means anything we've okay
chef cub it's time to get your clothes
on and brush your teeth into your choice
I memorize all of them so this is a book
from my dad and stepmoms my kids where
they recorded their own voices
Elise loves listening to it when I like
found this book um well I just kept on
saying it over and over again can you
get your clothes on and brush your teeth
and get ready for the day your chore
today is the dishes and vacuuming your
room okay so I just got back from the
doctor's office cuz we were really
concerned I thought for sure I had flea
bites to the point where we vacuumed our
whole house we cleaned our sheets I was
learning to clean our sheets any yeah I
was certain though that we had a flea
infestation because of my self diagnosis
online and I would love to know if
you've done this before
where you go on and like look up online
you're like this is what I have well I
was wrong all right so it turns out that
I don't have fleas it's a good thing I
know so we after an infestation its
poison ivy poison oh yeah it was from
when I went and did the frisbee golf
which we knew was a possibility but the
way that it lined up into little bumps I
was like it looks just like flea bites
but it's poison ivy poison oak no wonder
it seemed so bad if he gave me like a
steroid cream yeah okay this kind of
color oh yes
you guys styling Laura's hair this
morning so I think the hair brushing is
really kill you might need a little more
all right so our new reader lab we've
been reading is caddy woodland and the
kids are going to act out a scene that
from a chapter that we read today forget
anything you said your sister she could
have drowned that ice I'm so glad you're
okay daddy
let's have some mac and cheese well that
Ally's have Ally's I have poison ivy
Tina hugs with our necks hmm hugs with
the back comes with our ears
sitting that time hmm good night have a
good nap my sneaky way to get at least
to review her stuff is to teach it to
Caleb and it actually works out really
well this is a hey it's a long sound eh
and it goes at the end of my lectures ah
that's it are oh yeah eh yeah eh our
exes II don't we that oh it says he EE
which was 50 so I'm sittin here waiting
for the kids at piano lessons and
Laura's just laying on my lap and so I
had a few minutes and I was on my phone
you know just kind of scrolling through
social media
checking my normal things I check on and
a sudden I kind of felt my heart getting
kind of grumpy ER and grumpier and
without even realizing it I realized
that I was feeling like all these
pictures and things I was seeing on
social media was showing me these
peoples beautiful happy lives that were
you know in my mind all sudden in
trouble free and I realized that I was
comparing myself to them without even
realizing that I was doing it and I felt
the impact that it was having on me so
everybody says that all the time like
you know like don't compare on social
media and you know don't compare in real
life either but sometimes it's hard to
remember that and anyway I needed I
think I needed that bla feeling to
remind myself to just turn it off and
shut it out everyone's living a real
life behind their camera and it's not
always happy and wonderful everybody has
struggles and everybody
problems just like we do and anyway I
think I'm just having a little bit of a
harder day and I just felt vulnerable to
that what are you thinking about uh just
try Stella pendous do um play that game
with me hmm
let's do it good here we have this brand
new camera and it was sitting next to me
and Laura picked it up and I overreacted
and I said oh no and as I said no cuz
she was picking up she threw it across
the ground it's carpet I think the
cameras okay but you know if I had just
stayed really calm - Oh miss Laura
you're looking at the camera give it
back to mom I think she would have been
fine but because I was like no don't
touch that then she like threw it anyway
all right Elise has just discovered
something really important about her
body can you make your nostrils stick
together Wow hold on a sec
let's see so I'm having a down day just
a day when I'm struggling with
depression and those down feelings those
feelings that I'm not enough those
feelings that I'm incapable of being
enough the feelings where I'm
overwhelmed and I just feel hopeless I
feel like no matter what I do and no
matter how hard I try I can't a be or
become the person that I want to be and
I know those aren't truths I know that's
depression talking and but nonetheless
those days are real like I have days
when I feel really discouraged and I
feel blah so I'm having one of those
days today and I keep not wanting to
turn on the camera because I don't
really not to say that's all I can say
is I'm just having a day and there's
nothing wrong I'm just hormonal from
pregnancy and I'm also just a person
that struggles with feeling these
feelings sometimes and so you know I do
what I can to try to pull myself out of
it just around myself with uplifting and
positive thoughts to you know reach out
to friends and loved ones who I know can
remind me of the truths in my life and
you know reaching out to God in prayer
and just being careful of where my time
is going and where I'm letting my
thoughts be
and so I'm trying but that's real life
today don't look back now that people
say like baseball the chases good crazy
oh it's our dog fries so we're having
pizza and salad and it's yummy like
cinnamon dessert pizza fat losers yeah I
just stopped at Papa Murphy's I did not
feel like cooking tonight but this
smells really good and I'm feeling it
better I'm really grateful Jeremiah
I just have some time to myself and that
is always so I have recently made a
change to really prefering
thin crust pizza I never liked it
growing up because it felt like less
food and for me that was always like the
key factor was how much food was it but
I would love to hear in the poll what
your favorite type of pizza is between
thin crust regular or deep-dish so let
us know in the palm desert pizza is so
good we've also had their s'mores itza I
like this one better
how about you I'm in buttery goodness I
don't I really like their s'mores pizza
so we're trying to vote as a family of
which flavor of dessert pizza we're
going to get next time either the
s'mores pizza or the cinnamon pizza
these three want s'mores
we're onto the s'mores us to want the
cinnamon will again
horse buddy Rebecca cinnamon but what
was funny was we were all trying to get
Laura to vote for us because she was the
deciding factor Laura
s'mores or cinnamon there it is or
s'mores s'mores or cinnamon
all right the boys are setting up for
family game night so we're trying to
start playing family games together in
the evening at least one evening a week
mostly you know so we can enjoy our time
together as a family but also because we
noticed that our kids need help
remembering how to learn to take turns
and how to lose and that's like a skill
like I feel like every kid has to learn
how to lose and I remember being like
four and five years old and like sobbing
when I lost a family game and you know
you learn that by practice so we're
trying to practice with them giving them
opportunities to try and be patient and
work through it when it looks like
they're losing and then cope when they
do lose or you know be a good winner all
those life skills oh but that reminds me
I would actually love to hear your
recommendations for family games for
future family game nights leave them in
the comments below and I'll check them
out because we have a lot of like games
that Jeremy and I play together but we
need a bunch of kid games that like all
the different ages of the different kids
can play with us so looks like I better
go check on some kids oh she went for
two all right
hey love is your turn woo so this game
is called kerplunk you keep track of how
many marbles fall out during your turn
and you see at the end who has the least
who is first marble that was really sad
I finally got some marble J house out we
are driving home from a wonderful Sunday
at church so kendra has the punishment
has been cleaning up their room while
being hooked together
