we are driving home from a wonderful
Sunday at church so Kendra as the
punishment has been cleaning up their
room while being hooked together what
are you guys playing I don't know what I
would be to make you laugh but it
sometimes makes me wanna it makes other
people yelling so before Church we were
watching a movie about Jesus and Kayla
had a question that he seems to ask a
lot which was are they acting yeah are
they acting okay so he understands the
idea that in movies people are acting
but he gets confused because he's like
is that really Jesus or is that an actor
so I explained that pretty much
everything you see on TV is by actors
who are acting and then he asked even
Mickey Mouse how does Mickey Mouse act
so then I was just explaining that
Mickey Mouse is just a cartoon it's just
a drawing on a piece of paper do you
remember what you asked about that yeah
I liked how how do you make piece of
paper Zanu yeah how do you make pieces
of paper move so I'm trying to draw a
cartoon to show Caleb how pieces of
paper move in a cartoon are you ready to
see the cartoon of the snake okay here
we go see how it moves
you see a it's just drawings but when
you move them close together it looks
like it's moving see that and the slower
you go when your flip through the slower
it moves the faster you go the faster
miss yeah that's cool now I'm gonna make
one hey big girl you getting ready for
church turn around real quick okay I
think your dress is on backwards
dad fail well we are all dressed and
ready to go to church
but we are driving home from a wonderful
Sunday at church and I just the lesson
today was all about families and I love
those encouraging moments like just you
know to continue trying and doing our
best and what we can do to have family
unity and feel the joy and love of
family life and even when it's harder if
this gets discouraging a time it's a
really uplifting lesson anyway we go to
church almost every Sunday we try to go
every Sunday and the reason we go is
because of how we feel as a family when
we're able to be there together and that
when we are able to be coming home we
feel like it it really blesses and helps
her family to focus on God so poll
question for today how often do you go
to church and one experience from
Trishna that I wanted to talk about was
Laura she is so funny because we're
singing church songs you know with our
hymnals and everyone's singing and laura
is belting out anastasia because she
didn't know the word so she's just like
sing at the top of her lungs oh love me
so as soon as we got home from church
Caleb wanted to work on a cartoon
you
did you make it
you made it my girl right yeah so Isaac
and Caleb we're getting in an argument
downstairs where they were trying to
play together so Kendra as the
punishment has been cleaning up their
room while being hooked together how's
it going you guys did awesome cleaning
up the room together Thanks
so we are getting ready to go on another
trip this week and it's taking us to
some colder weather and so I'm having to
go through the kids clothing bins which
I needed to do soon anyway and figure
out what they have with regards to warm
weather pajamas and long pants and
sweatshirts and long sleeves
it's always a pretty big ordeal when we
have to get into the bins those yours
yeah what kind of jimin's are those um
there there's bad name my second
favorite superhero who's your favorite
is it my stick someone's got the hiccups
yeah what are you making oh what's a
little list of football so I'm once I
got this friendly person once I got the
rankings from week one I'm doing what
day would you for playoffs but with all
the teams are playoffs
oh so I got 32 team playoff yeah hey
we're done mommy has Gemma's for you so
Jeremy made dinner for us tonight and it
is a taco salad or tacos
it looks good thank you for doing this
room hey Laura look who's coming over
that's a gem and who else
Luke and addy yeah he's your cousin
Michael coming
what who's gonna bring Michael Josh and
Ashley and cutter nocte oh I am I hear
them I think there's a door right now go
get him go say hi she's so excited to
yell
Laura was so cute inside she came in and
said Rick come jump with me and Brett
was kind enough to come out and jump
with her
200 generalize
we had a really good time with our
family tonight and now the kids are
finally asleep and generally poor Jeremy
is worried about these bites that he has
on his leg it started like I don't know
five or six days ago but the bites are
getting worse and worse and they're like
blistering up and honestly they're kind
of making me nervous now too so we're
actually personal friends with his
doctor
so we texted his doctor a picture and
we're like hey should we come in for
this he's like yeah let's go ahead and
make an appointment so Jeremy's going
into the doctor tomorrow to get these
bites looked at but I'm getting all
nervous like I don't know what it is
so that's slow we're up to tonight
okay how's that good night
