good morning we made it home last night
from our trip and now it's back to life
and reality today it's time to unpack
this laundry you know quick one to the
grocery store and we also discovered
this week that Caleb and Laura shoes
aren't fitting them super well and so
we're going to head to the store and
attempt to buy new shoes Oh first I got
a
alright well we actually spent this
morning booking other hotels for some
other adventures that are coming up I'm
really excited it's fun to be able to
get to do some travel this fall now that
I'm feeling better hey Caleb Caleb what
do you think of these months these young
boy they are too small but I think they
look pretty cool
what do you like about him yeah a little
up all right Caleb what do you think of
those ones
all right here we got to check the jump
and all the shoes jump tell me what it
does Caleb what you like those ones what
do you think Isaac I like them they're
cool I can't jump high in these whoa you
can jump high in those everybody's got a
jump now I like the write-ups ones most
yeah
should we get up all right bubblegum
magic how many five six seven eight nine
ten little bit close 14
okay caleb has invited ELISA night to a
puppet show these are the things you
have to know before the show how long 15
minutes
um it's $8 $8 it's gonna be great
oh oh oh fun okay
here's your money sir luckily he takes
pretend money okay sit he once upon a
time it was a mother and and the kid was
like when are we gonna go get ice cream
at an ice cream shop and then an evil
girl don't have done then I better take
over that take all of the ice cream then
of a lay person came and said hooray and
twirl and then supers and I must say
that place that evil person said I
better steal that shock but the valet
person said oh no I'm gonna dance and
even Tristan said I must take every
ice-cream shop in the world
mr. Brasher said I must save everybody
has cream shop in the world mom was like
oh no the superhero better save the
whole ice cream shops and then the
daughter was like can we still go mother
it's funny that even though all that was
going on though girl wanted to get ice
cream still okay what's gonna happen and
then that you a girl was still trying to
take the whole ice cream shops yeah yeah
and then they lived happily ever after
yay that was such a good puppet show
what about the kid who do they get the
ice cream so one of the things that
we've been working really hard on with
Caleb is that he has 30 minutes a day in
the room for just quiet time where he
can just have creative play and it's
been really neat because at first he
struggled with it he didn't want to do
it he would come running out of the room
and we had to really discipline him to
help him stay in the room but now that
he's getting used to it he's really
enjoying this time to create and to
build and to have fun and we're really
proud of you for staying in here and
working hard buddy now I must wait for
Isaac to do the second one oh that was
just in that name that is a little peak
just a little peak
what are we going hey we are what are we
gonna get who you will to find a
computer
if that one's I think a ladybug alright
so the main camera we've been using for
a long time was eating our memory cards
not a good thing and so I just came to
pick up the g7x mark - I'm excited to
have a new camera and right now I'm
filming on my iPhone so you'll get to
see the difference from an iPhone 6 to
the g7 X mark - all right here it is so
the one thing I was nervous about what
this is how bulky it is it's a little
bit thicker than our other camera was as
long as I can put it in my pocket sticks
out a little bit but that's okay it has
really good low lighting and so that'll
be a good change okay so now I'm filming
with the g7 X well this is my first time
holding and looking at the new camera
and it is bigger it is bigger than our
other camera it's heavier but I've
always loved the lighting on these
cameras hopefully the audio doesn't have
the annoying little ticks in it anymore
but
this is amazing quiche so they had a
brilliant idea
it's a brownie cake so this is brownies
but it's made like a cake I'm excited
this is a peanut butter frosting here's
the mastermind behind it all happen
how is it so we were leaving our friends
house and Jeremy is driving the little
car home and I was driving the van with
the kids home and Laura was talking to
me but another kid was saying something
so I couldn't really hear her and all of
a sudden she started screaming and like
I mean she was so upset I was like
what's going on big girl and finally I
was able to understand her and she was
saying daddy's not with us daddy's not
with us we forgot daddy and anyway she
was so upset about it it was like really
tender to my heart because she really
thought we'd left daddy behind well
where was daddy uh-huh in little corner
so I called Jeremy on the phone on
speakerphone and she's a daddy are you
there did we talk on the phone
bottle daddy then did you feel better
goodnight dears out
