we're going we don't know where the
entrances this place better be amazing
hey Laura what is that you want to play
out there
Lane and the rain is fun but we can't
play and thunder and lightning why
because we don't want you to get struck
by lightning good morning it is actually
raining and storming out this morning so
we had plans to go to the zoo but
obviously this doesn't make for a very
good morning at the zoo so we decided to
just stay at the rental house and it's
actually been a really nice pleasant
morning we've been in school and the
kids away and it's kind of cool eesh
well we're seeing goodbye to our rental
house but we have a full day of
excitement before we drive back home to
Kansas City so we just get in the car
and Jerry says um you have seed celery
teeth look at it so I had a strawberry
blueberry smoothie this morning and I've
already vlogs since then I'm so
embarrassed
okay I bet no one noticed maybe did you
notice I noticed right away but maybe
the inkle was i know doing while we're
in our why didn't you tell me at that
email well I don't know kendra has a
seed teeth disorder it's a longer one
problem I brushed right before I had my
smoothie which is not a good idea to
brush her for smoothies luckily Jeremy
carries flossers I mean when I travel I
don't work on just normal day carry
philosophers with me they don't want to
watch me fast
so we almost went in to the special
restaurant we're going to and then all
of a sudden there's like a torrential
downpour like it was sprinkling or I
saved a parking spot for us and we were
all about to walk in and then it really
started coming down yeah we're safe but
at this point we're just gonna have to
breathe it we're gonna run in Hey
unbuckle her so we're all ready to go
yeah we're gonna just run in you want
Troy okay God can I have you come around
this side okay we're gonna go open the
door and Stefan we're going we don't
know where the entrance is my feet are
completely wet this place better be
amazing so this is a special TV root
beer place
what's really cool about this place is
it not only make their own soda but they
bottle it right here in the restaurants
you can watch the process
I always think I'm mr. Rogers
neighborhood when we go to show the kids
how something is made or done okay so
what's the process here so they bring
the bottle
they've washed the bottles they wash it
first and it comes around here it goes
in this circle and it gets filled so the
bottles enter on this side and the first
spot just dispenses two ounces of syrup
into each container then it rotates on
the next spot where it gets ten ounces
of filtered carbonated water and then it
gets a Paquin on it and it comes over
here and then it's tumble that says
gently five times and that's where it
actually mixes and becomes the flavor of
soda
it's the waterfall and cement it
continues on so that it can be filled
and stamping
ah
so this place is known for their Revere
clothes
my goodness coconut on it
the Green Monster this is the s'more
you can taste
not the cleanest thing to eat
so this one has some marshmallow
so good and this lime pop is really
strong
come out
so but almost
he's going to town
we finished that
yeah you're going to come here so you
can also buy their pop here in the
bottle and you're able to get different
flavors that you want so we got pumpkin
soda the berry pomegranate which was
really good that was in the pink float
that we had we got their red cream soda
and what was the other kind of and black
cherry well our walk back to the car is
much drier it's not raining anymore
right now so I was so funny that it just
poured right when we were coming in whoa
big petal try to avoid it I love that my
natural inclination is to avoid the
puddles and Caleb's natural inclination
is to get as far into them as possible
are you a four-year-old oh so we're
probably not going to see Troy for like
a year but we always make it well sooner
than that
make sure but this'll be a while drive
through the country or something yeah so
we're standing there trying to decide
what to do next
we came to st. Louis for the hot air
balloon festival that's this weekend
and unfortunately the forecast is our
thunderstorm was all night tonight and
tomorrow and so we were gonna be going
back home late tonight anyway after the
first part of the festival and we're
thinking maybe we'll try to hit up one
more thing here and then go home but
it's sad that what we came for is
getting cancelled basically I don't know
they're canceling it but we are
canceling it for our family we don't
want to sit out in the thunderstorm with
our kids so
good night Jess out you were so great
buddy
