all right so here's the official rental
house tour they have already this is
like Kendra Happyland I love cute little
places alright guys well we are on the
road today we are headed to st. Louis
for just a little like three day trip
but we're really excited about it we're
staying in a fun rental house and
there's a lot to do in st. Louis and
we've never been there before as a
family during a night when one's for a
work trip but the kids have never been
there and so god it's kind of our first
family vacation I know that sounds silly
but we always just travel home to see
family which is awesome we love seeing
our family but I don't think we've ever
gone somewhere just
overnight heavily
I mean if you count getting stranded to
and from family stuff no I don't count
that anyway so this should be an
adventure for us the kids are super
excited
bringing sleeping
Oh
that's a good thing
we're just driving
how're you doin mr. man
we've been on the road for just under
two hours and we listen to Anastasia
which is Laura's favorite songs more
times than I can count
already there's been screaming I think
we've already eaten a bunch of snacks
like we're in trouble
Lisi what are we playing call that too
they've been to Maine that Kim
do it loudly Oh God
they nailed it I had no idea what that
was how did you guys get that so quick
tan tan tan tan tan tan damn good job
Wow uh what did you do
yep what's up y'all
y'all thinking about that couldn't you
tell wasn't it done yeah so the last
time it Jeremy and I were in st. Louis
was when was that probably five years
ago
illness man for five years I was
pregnant with Caleb and we were going to
be outgrowing our little car and so we
were driving to st. Louis where we found
the perfect van it was an 8 passenger it
only had 60,000 miles and it had a DVD
player and now here we are in the stand
here again and that was our first time
to have two vehicles anyway I mean we
went we have just before having our
third kid with just one car we
was a lot of sense we've been married
for eight years at that point and only
has one arm just one second so for the
first seven or eight years of our
marriage I can't remember the math right
now Jeremy and I only had one car and
the way we did that was Jeremy rode the
bus or we drove each other like it was a
pain but it made it possible for us to
be able to buy this car with cash and so
we were able to save up for it and not
have to go in debt for the van which was
a big blessing at the time we made it to
our exit which means that we only have
six minutes to our destination and I
have to the bathroom so okay so we just
got here at a vacation rental that
Kendra found online it looks really cute
I did so it's a three-bedroom two-bath
place that was the same price as a hotel
room so and we'll have to show you the
front but it's really cute illunga
historic district the old town
guesthouse it looks like it was
established in 1870
there were teams down there
I'll never National all has to be this
nice like wow I like this howdy just as
much as our man well I think they did
some things to renovate it or to fix it
up I don't think this is how it was when
they built it it's beautiful so I've
always loved old homes so being able to
stay in one and excited about this is
really nice when you come in you do
smell that old home smell not by the way
it doesn't smell like mildew or mold
they just so this is they how people put
a pin in for where their longtime anyone
from Kansas City yeah there's several
around Kansas City why not look they've
had people stay here from all over the
world look this is a picture of the
World Fair is held in st. Louis in 1904
alright so here's the official rental
house tour here's the main room the TV
has a Wii with it which the boys are
really excited about and then you walk
through here into the kitchen just right
here and into whose room is this ah nice
your bedroom Laura where's your bed
hiding show it to him Laura so there's a
trundle bed for Laura which is perfect
because then we don't have to worry
about her falling off a big bed so
that's where the girls are going to
sleep oh is this the bathroom where's
the toilet
there's the toilet and a shower you know
how to turn on the light okay
you can't quite reach it oh it's way up
there ah there it is alright show me
there's toilet paper even Lacey Lacey
wait where you headed
go into this room alright show me where
it is up another flight of stairs are
you boys just relaxing up here oh no you
set an alarm yeah
no you don't want an alarm it'll wake
you up I can't turn up Valerie is
probably it bells from the church across
the street does it ring every hour maybe
even five almost six you're right and
there's neighbors so the houses are
pretty close so there's a neighbor on
that side and you can see right here
that one's really close
I can literally pull this up but they're
probably let's not do that okay you're
ready to go back down so because they're
small I like to house you do like it
what do you like about it
it has care do they have a candy bowl so
they did leave like a little goodie
basket just for us
Oh we moved in huh so then when you come
back down to the main floor you go down
another level to exit to the back yard
and to get to Jeremy nose-picker okay
let's go down here I love this brick
alright so down here is the doors the
back yard and a hallway - Jeremy nice
room there's a full bathroom right here
at what did you jump on our bed
this is daddy dies bed no mommy don't
look one two three oh it's a big bed huh
we can all yeah we could so chairman I
usually sleep in a queen-size bed and
this is a king-size bed can I put this
up in your room yeah yep you can go in
that will make up table oh thanks for
unloading yeah so one of the things I
love the most here is they have a book
where people write down about their stay
here and they actually needed more than
one because their original one goes all
the way back to 2012 March 2012 you can
read about each family what they did
when they were 8 here what they thought
about it I'm excited to take some time
and actually be previous so we decided
to go just walk there's a downtown area
here there's like a cute old downtown
and we're going to find someplace to eat
basically we just don't want to get in
the car din so up ahead you can see the
Missouri River and then this is Main
Street in st. Charles Missouri
this is like Kendra Happyland I love
cute little places historic yes just
pretty love it
here's we're gonna come back to Main
Street Hook
so the one mistake we made wait a minute
I was going to say the woman stick we
made is that we don't have a babysitter
here so Kendra and I can come roam down
here and dance on the gazebo and make
out
but Troy lives here and he's coming over
tonight maybe he'll give us 15 minutes
to just stroll down here tonight you
mean over yep
during the time that st. Charles was
this state capital you guys it's a
historical marker Kendra his dream would
be to stop read yeah and read everyone
the kids loved it
when I grow up this is where you want to
live nearly all ran this exact spot and
also if we've just gone tried all these
places it's the best time of my life
Wow Wow
it's my knight in shining armor he's
bringing me bug spray Zika virus
she hesitates they waited well the kids
are playing we we're definitely on
vacation they're loving it
good night dear Sam do you guys want to
see what's inside
all right well I must be a bit of a
control freak
you're finally all lit up and we're
heading out of town bad isn't my first
time in Italy
