oh do you guys want to see what's inside
alright well I must be a bit of a
control freak
you're finally all loaded up and we're
heading out of town bad kitchen my first
time to eat Italy
all right well to that time of year
where the kids wake up and it's still
dark outside so we're definitely getting
into fall and it is bringing this
morning yeah what is wrong at 32 panels
like what are panels
hey just a joke no yeah
is it like a daze all right so we're
looking at the back of the life cereal
box and we're looking for something that
has that's round and has 32 panels you
can't find it so what let us know if you
see what is found what is Isaac think it
is - I don't thing that you turn I just
don't know if that is a panel I don't
see 32 panels what are you wearing hey
that's Lisa's bowl yeah use mad boy hey
it's your Bowl hat
all right I think I know what it is you
guys I think you forget out what's round
and has 32 panels the soccer ball it's
upside down on this side okay men see it
is it's a soccer ball you got it we're
going it to someone else today
oh where we going um our for you know
you take all the stuff off the table and
then you're going to get spray spray and
then up during your morning chores huh
good work buddy and I really love that
we're going on a trip she's so excited
we're getting ready sir
so early hold on step do you remember
when you cleaned it this way and you
fell and you hit your space let's not do
it that way again if you're going to be
leaning up on the table you got to be
directly on the
makes your thing in the bathroom big
girls
all right today we are learning about
hot air balloons and we're starting with
some fun reads was firing that's fire
the paper bags will kept catching on
fire by 1782 the brothers were using
taffeta and other materials instead of
the fire like aw get back so then it can
fill up with air
since we're learning about hot-air
balloons today we are doing a hot air
balloon snack so I got on a bunch of
stuff and the kids can design a hot air
balloon with it oh go for it
yes good here is Miss Elise's hot-air
balloon this is a ladder over here on
the side that's really create at least I
like it all right here's Isaac's
finished balloon they're gonna be able
to eat all that yeah okay it looks good
I like it all right mr. Caleb are you
done yeah I just eat some of it did you
already it looks pretty tempting I know
so some sway Beach this can't be a lot
I'm getting the first experiment ready
to go and these balloons you're supposed
to blow him up first I think I like
popped a cheek I was blowing so hard it
was easy mine was bloody her first time
she was like good at death but you're
gonna pass up gotta give it a good
stretch first is that what I forgot
maybe Oh you stronger lungs good job
so what's inside this bottle nothing
a.m. air air air is inside this bottle
what temperatures you think the air in
this bottle normal just normal normal
temperature because it's the same yeah
I'm sure all the air Thomas yeah feel
the air around you yeah I do I don't
feel like I know it's just normal
temperature air okay now watch what kind
of air rises hot this container has warm
water in it so the warm water is warming
the air and what does the air do right
it rises up to blow and no water there's
no water in the bottle there's air in
the bottle the air is rising now what's
going to happen if we cool down the air
else
oh just cold air rise no no cold air
does not rise let go and see if it
floats up okay it doesn't float up on
our next experiment I'm hoping floats
listen so cold air the molecules all
squeezed together they said oh gold and
so they get closer and closer get it but
in higher the molecules are busy no I
like this is the party let's have a
dance party and they all start bearing a
ram and they take up all a bunch of room
and so they
Rhys can you show us again what happens
with the hot molecules mm-hmm
I think it's dad's turn bad stir to
jo-ann's up molecules actually have no
idea if this is gonna work or not
we'll see
let you school there okay I have a cool
it's fun to try though
well it didn't work exactly the way I'd
hoped but I think they got the main idea
warm air rises cool air not so much
we're now gonna let them try this excuse
all right now of course we're pretending
hot air balloon ride I think I'm gonna
try to use like Google Earth on my phone
so we can like see that kind of a
perspective that you have from hot-air
balloon
alright kids where do you want to travel
on your hot-air balloons all right
should we lift up again and go see
something else yeah everybody lift up in
your hot-air balloon
turn on the fire turn on the warm air
okay by Coliseum what else do we want to
see in Italy but we're way up high we're
like burgers Vatican is it my first time
in Italy and the next time we go to
Great Wall of China like a city we can
try to go to China next do you think our
hot-air balloon can make it all the way
to China
I bet but I'll take four day it will it
will hey Laura wait just a minute yeah
yeah yeah yeah he got you he got you
all right well today we are packing up
for a three-day trip to st. Louis which
is only like four hours away from here
so it's not a big trip it's just a
little one which means it's pretty easy
to pack for the kids actually gathered
all their own things like I walked them
through it like alright we're going to
need this in the outfits this many
pajamas this may pairs of underwear and
they grabbed everything and now we're
just going to pack it up and I decided
just to use these big bags because
they're really easy and simple we can
just carry them in like we could use
suitcases but this just feels simpler to
me right now so I'm just running with it
alright Lee seed you want to pack the
girls stuff
girl's bag done all right now it's the
boys turn good job honey
high five well I must be a bit of a
control freak I obviously a.m. because
as I was watching the kids pack I was
just like ah I just wanted to be the one
fitting in there and you know making
sure it was all nice and I think it at
least did a really great job Caleb -
like they were so careful Laura I should
like dumps it in I'm like ah no stop so
anyway I'm trying to let the kids help
and get involved in packing and I felt
like a shorter trip like this was a
really good one for them to practice on
like thinking through like alright how
many pairs of pajamas do you need how
many pairs of clothes do you need how
many birds socks do you need and then
making sure that they had everything
like I went through it with them to make
sure they had it now it's all packed
time to finish packing for myself so we
can go so we've been really busy the
last hour like packing up and cleaning
up and trying to have everything ready
to go and we're all loaded up and
there's a box and German are like what
is this box like I'm like do you
remember ordering something he's like no
I'm like what and it's addressed to J
house vlogs which is just weird because
stuff for J house vlogs is where our
peel box matter how so we took a peek
and we think you guys are going to want
to see this do you guys want to see
what's inside alright let's open it up
oh um I who didn't you it's YouTube here
it is oh it's called the silver play
button it's in congratulations for a
hundred thousand subscribers what do you
think Laura watching actually it doesn't
actually play it's to hang up at our
house maybe we'll put it in the closet I
mean my office I don't it'll be fun like
a toy oh it does say a play button so I
can see how that would be really
confusing so means that well that our
channel has over a hundred thousand
subscribers now
it's a plaque to say hey cool nice
working on your channel Jeremy and I had
a little chuckle because I think we're
at about four hundred and fifty thousand
subscribers so I took apparently a
really long time for the hundred
thousand subscriber play button to get
to us but we're really grateful for that
first hundred thousand of you and
everyone else that has come since then
really appreciate all of you we pray for
you every day and we're just grateful to
have you be a part of our lives and
thank you so we wanted to do a poll to
see when you join J house vlogs so let
us know alright well we are finally all
loaded up and we're heading out of town
and we're leaving on our little
adventure so we'll see you tomorrow
J how so
