good morning we are headed out to some
sunflower fields outside of Kansas City
today
you get a good picture whoa yo masa
gonna be smiley hey so guys first thing
want us to look at this stem does it
look like a strong stem or a weak stem
strong do you think the sunflower seeds
are in there yep right okay so look guys
these are the sunflower seeds so can you
believe somebody came up and was like
hey we should try eating these so there
is how the sunflower seeds are nestled
in there and then you can just pull them
out I got it you did you got one this is
the part that we actually eat but it has
to be roasted and dry so I'm having the
kids each take a picture of a flower so
that they can draw them on the way home
in their nature journals
it's kind of cute because the kids keep
getting lost because they're shorter
than the sunflowers and Jeremy and I are
tall enough that we can just like see
where we're going but it's so cute cuz
they're like wait this way this way they
could easily get lost out here we'll
keep good track of them so this is a
beautiful farm outside of Kansas City
called grincher farms and they offer
this free to the public and they're just
accepting some donations if you want to
so we're just excited to support this
beautiful sunflower place
so we were able to find some sunflowers
that haven't formed yet so it's really
cool that the kids could see the close
bud and then kind of what looks like
when it's a little bit open and then all
the way open and then the older blooms
like this is really cool and bright good
we found a caterpillar crossing the road
and kids were so concerned about it
Jeremy ran out and rescued it all right
when we came home and had lunch and now
you know exactly what we're doing right
it's school time so I have to show you
guys
Elise has had a huge breakthrough with
her reading I am so stinkin proud of you
so she is reading this book she just
picked it up on her own yesterday and
stood next to me while I was cooking
dinner and was reading it to me and look
at these pages look at all those words
on there you're in why don't you read
this part to them okay you can count
then frog so proud of you it's so fun to
see her progress I'm just I'm just like
glowing about it yesterday and today I'm
like oh my goodness
we're like turning a corner with this so
her reading program we've been using
with her the logic of English
foundations is wonderful we're really
enjoying it and she's really making a
lot of progress with it so yay go
girlfriend
awkward high-five
Kayla what is it a con that can spin a
car that can spin
what in a big lake and also you think so
I don't make yeah kinda get both in
disclosure to you okay so Isaac started
the typing program last year that we use
with our kids and he leases starting it
this year so he's helping her get all
set up and teaching her the ropes and
encouraging her a space this is Big Jim
you're gonna have five words per minute
you're going way faster than me now when
I started typing I thought I couldn't
really do it but then the testing
program I really like and it teaches me
really well so I can now type like 50
words per net and I think the lease will
get really fast to its today her first
day yeah and he's really gotten for work
for letters wrong only for if that's
awesome
it's my mansion you have an invention
are you breaking them yeah ooh are you
propelling them whoa whoa that one shot
way out here whenever you're ready you
can't afford them we'll start
what are you giving the ID dougie cheats
dog Valley Road where does it smell
hardly weird where yeah where do you put
the doggie treats do you get it IV yep
IV got the treat so now you can put a
new one in there yeah we definitely need
a dog
after we have a baby dogs the next thing
on the list there you go one with the
right hand your left hand goes back down
to the base class it's learning some fun
new songs today this the first time he's
played through them already often
students with that you have luck to get
things to do for Doug's yeah
God superdad Caleb are you reading to ID
look I
Caleb's being so cute I think he's
gettin ID more water he's given IV more
dog booties reading to IB he's playing
fetch with IV he loves IV me and IV are
books today this IV just need a little
drink now yeah and all that stuff with
me rest I think is he ready for a rest
um I need a girl dog so my friend is
babysitting our kids for an hour she
invited the kids over to play which is
awesome so I decided to try to get all
my grocery shopping done in just one
hour
like Jordan or in and out so I'm like a
woman on a mission here alright three
things number one I'm reminded that I
should never shop when I'm hungry number
two shopping without kids is really
faster and number three I need to learn
how to online grocery shop I need to I
need you mmm
I did it I'm done but I look like a
crazy woman hopefully there's a short
line we're having this Frito pie again
with some apples and apple dip and
Travis and Ashley are here with their
family and it's gorgeous out so the kids
get to eat outside which is awesome what
do you guys think of the weather I like
it uh I don't medium kind of medium ish
uncle Travis is the tickle monster I
think it's a toad yeah toad it's Meagher
how can you tell it's a toad he's
running cherry trifle for dessert so
good it has pudding and whipped cream
and angel food cake good night dear cell
Caleb wants to wrap it by himself you
are you're very good at it
your nail just let me know thank you
so today I really got into a new band
well I posted a picture on Instagram
today of my baby bump and how big it's
good
