so today I really got into a new band
well I posted a picture on Instagram
today of my baby bump and how big it's
getting
we have penguin
you ready to kick thanks for reading to
him well it kind of asked me narrowly
wake up early sorry
well I really appreciate it
how did you sleep last night
he said well yeah
so I just found what was stinking in the
fridge what you doing Caleb you're
wrapping a present for your friend where
you going today right in your night
well me therefore and I'm gonna be there
for two hours or one hour two hours but
it's not late at night it's just at
dinnertime
yeah hey Caleb can you show us the
present whoa stay put Captain America he
put these shoes on him and then you
stick him on this and then you push this
it goes spinning in the air yeah
but how do you get it down it probably
just comes down from gravity he comes
down by itself probably okay should we
wrap it can I help you
Caleb wants to wrap it by himself you
are you're very good at it
nen√® help just let me know okay
isn't it
giving down to just like a like the
whole pack these so wrapped what's one
more thing you need all right well I
want a table ready to go to the party
yeah well the day has come I have the
maternity box out and I'm ready to hang
these items up and I went through my
winter clothes and these are the clothes
that I will not fit in this winter
packing them up putting them in the box
and all you know get them out next
winter and yeah that means it's also
time to go do some shopping right get
some new maternity things that'll be a
fun part what are you guys working on
we're making we're doing a lego for oh
wait it's on me whoa that's actually a
mini Lucy what are you working on I'm
making a shooter and the first shooter
that I made it goes all kinds of
directions whoa
it's that one right there these are
really cool creations guys all right
buddy you ready he excited for the
birthday party how are you gonna behave
at the party get good all righty you
have fun with your friends
so I lost my favorite pair of nickel and
suede earrings like in the last couple
weeks I can't find them anywhere and
it's driving me crazy because I want to
wear them na almost like I miss them so
much I almost want to go buy a new pair
but I'm sure that the moment I go buy a
new pair I'll find them so I keep
looking for them and anyway luckily I've
got several pairs of nickel and sway the
earrings and I love them all
but my very favorite ones are the white
cut out ones so anyway they're like this
these ones I'm going to wear today but
they are cut out in the middle kind of
like Hoops would be I guess and I still
have my brown cutouts that I'm wearing
but I'm wearing them a lot because I'm
missing my white ones too so anyway I'll
give it a little bit longer and then
I'll just go buy a new pair but then I'm
sure they'll show up it's crazy how that
happens hey Laura hey where are we going
it has influence oh wow we're not going
to get a present for gala where we going
to get a babysitter okay
I couldn't go in the house I think we're
just gonna pick her up she's gonna drive
home she could sit right by you
bang bang yeah so our favorite
babysitter that we have every single
Saturday night had the nerve to graduate
from high school on leave from college
and so luckily there's a lot of
wonderful people in our area that we can
have four new babysitters but tonight we
have a babysitter that we haven't had at
least four
kids all were excited I'm sure she's
going to do great but it's just a
transition I'm getting a babysitter guys
were so sorry we forgot to vlog dinner
we just ate it but we ain't a crazy mean
when I got in the same meal there four
times in a row so I'll go back and get
some footage of last time way third we
split the meal every single time and you
really like it we don't usually eat the
same thing every time we go out but
since I've been pregnant we found this
is a meal that I can handle so we just
stick with it
well we love walking and talking it's a
great date night
we're at misshape yeah well I posted a
picture on Instagram today of my baby
bump and how big it's getting and then
we looked at pictures from my previous
pregnancies and it's not in my head it's
real guys I am way bigger this time like
I hold up a picture of me at 20 weeks
with isaac and 23 weeks with a lease and
all I'm Jeremy like put the pictures in
here but the kids like we're looking at
the pictures they're like mom you're
bigger than that now I'm like bigs
anyway it's been a little bit hard for
me but I'm mostly just grateful for my
body grateful that it's healthy grateful
for this little baby everybody is
different and this is how my body is
growing up April right now and it's
healthy and I'm trying to take care of
my body and that's all that matters and
because of that I just felt really
grateful for it and I feel like it's
beautiful and
you know what I just get to look more
pregnant for a while and that's okay I
can handle that
what was the best part of your day mmm
watching the football game
yeah hopefully our team wins we were
just invited by some friends over their
house to watch a college football game
and it was really fun what we opted to
come home during halftime because it is
the time I think it's like 9 o'clock
already so we're tucking these kiddos in
hey you're supposed to get in the covers
hmm so today I really got into a new
band I had some friends who went to a
concert of theirs and I listened to a
couple of their songs and listen to more
of them found out more about them and it
was really fun I haven't done that for a
long time it's the band is twenty one
pilots super interesting people and good
music so I would love to know in the
comments if there's a musician that
you've gotten into lately that you have
really enjoyed and like let me know in
the comments and I hope you guys have a
wonderful night Jay house out
