you see some people right should we go
catch him what do you hear them
yeah look up bunny do you see the bunny
hey baby
time out Kendra posted a video over on
her mom's channel mom stuff it is so
cute I'm gonna put it in the iCard
what's in mommy's tummy a baby is it a
boy baby or a girl baby yeah oh do you
think it's a girl baby
all right give us some bloom
so we're using pretzels as our
paintbrushes and the kids are going to
start with making what color at least
orange is that good enough of yellow you
might need a little bit more well good
I'm not doing is playing bread
why is he mixing the yellow and the red
Oh what does yellow and red make boring
yeah so you're gonna do that too so get
get lots of yellow buddy Oh mom actually
making over dad was expected to make its
natural one
what color are you trying to make you
them green meaning you're right you're
needing some more yellow huh well that
is quite the purple I'm gonna eat mine
now how are you excited about that miss
Laura did you decide to mix yours up too
what color is this that you made you did
you made green good job whoa let's watch
the hands
oh my goodness
we always wanted it scrubbing scrub
scrub scrub
usually when tomorrow
do you want to go color with the kids
yeah all right dry off their forms
alright go cuz Caleb you are getting
there you're almost done so we had fun
plans to go to a science museum with the
kids this morning and unfortunately it
alright if Emma was just grumpy this
morning and there was like lots of
whining and complaining and name-calling
like the kids were being unkind to each
other and I just said no like we can't
go and do somewhere fun if we're going
to treat each other this way in our home
so instead the kids are all working
together to fold a load of laundry and
I'm getting an activity together to try
to really focus on the importance of
being kind in our home like the rule in
our families if you can't be kind in our
home then we can't go other places we
can't go to a birthday party we can't go
play with our friends if we can't be
kind of the people that are most
important in our lives which is the
people right here in our home and so
they're little they're learning I
totally get that that's normal but I
also want to draw lines like you can't
call each other names here like you guys
are precious children of God and we
don't treat each other that way like God
sent us here to be this family and he
sent you guys to be best friends with
each other and so we have to learn to
get along and it's hard sometimes it's
really hard I mean we have a lot of
little kids that are close in age and
it's hard for them to get along some
days but I'm really hoping that they can
learn too and that Jeremy and I can
somehow parent appropriately parenting
is not super easy alright does everybody
have a bowl yeah yeah alright is it
empty yeah mr. Caleb I love you so much
you are such a wonderful helper I've
really noticed how hard you're working
on your chores and I really love how
well you're doing during quiet time and
it's just a joy to be with you when
we're working on projects together
I love seeing your enthusiasm for life
how did you feel when I was telling you
those things good I am so grateful for
what a fun Big Brother you are you are
so good at playing with your siblings I
love listening to you play the piano
when I hear you playing in the morning
it just makes my heart happy
I love how hard you work on your chores
and your schoolwork I love what a good
friend you are and oh my goodness you
know so much about sports and how do you
feel when I say those things
good good is it Laura Stern I love your
beautiful smile and I love how kind you
are to your brothers and sisters and you
help them with things and you always
like to help with Shores how do you feel
great
great oh I find such joy in watching you
cook you are an amazing chef and the
things you come up with your art are
just phenomenal and do you realize how
hard you've been working at the piano
you're getting better and better and
better at it
and you're such a peacemaker in our home
thank you so much
how do you feel happy all right now guys
my bucket right now is empty I love you
and amazing you're amazing mom and I
love so much and I love your activities
that we do with us in our larger science
experiments and so that you let us go to
like the yogurt shop or head I love that
you're like so fun at your art stuff oh
thank you I love your experiments and
stuff that I do for school Oh guys thank
you
okay guys this is just pretend ready
Caleb I'm sick and tired of how mean
you're being no how do you feel what did
I do to your bucket it's empty
yeah hey don't you be a lazy slob and I
just don't even like how you comb your
hair it's so bad and you you with with
your tongue it's always in your mouth
and it drives me crazy then stick your
tongue out and you you what in the world
can it possibly save me yeah okay now
what do you guys what do you guys say to
me look you're the work film in the
world we hate your experiment we
everything you do
okay now I reassure me your bowls how do
we feel right now no not good not yeah
Laura you dumped yours out in the first
round I was a bucket filler
I filled other people's buckets with
love and happiness with the words that I
chose to say in the second round I was a
bucket dumper and I came around and I
dumped out your buckets with my mean
words which ones do you think we should
try to be in our family bucket filler a
bucket filler okay let's go sit down
we're gonna read a book now we're gonna
read this book I love it
I very recommend it you remember this
one yeah I don't want to
oh you got a bucket for my field trip
yeah we're gonna go trip yeah we're
gonna go on a bucket filling field trip
oh good yeah let's go let's get your
shoes on but we don't actually need a
bucket who are the balloons for um
Michael and Ashley yeah I do you think
they'll like
I'm scared to let go all right well I
brought the kid to the grocery store and
the challenge is to see how many buckets
we can fill while we're here so the kids
are smiling everybody and saying hello
and anyway we also got some little
goodies to run to some friends we're
taking some balloons to one of my
nephew's a cupcake to one of my good
friends some flowers to another friend
you know and oh we bought stuff to make
Jeremy's favorite dinner tonight so
we're just talking about filling
people's buckets and different ways we
can do that and I'd be lying if I'd say
is going as smoothly it's a little bit
challenging like it's one of those times
where I'm like no good deed goes
unpunished like here we're trying to
think about others and trying to teach
that and I feel like I'm kind of losing
my mind so we're gonna cut this short
and go home I'll be done all right well
I couldn't collect more in the store
because we went to try to deliver
everything and no blues home so we all
gave home a little deflated from that
but we ate lunch and now we're driving
into our school work this afternoon and
just you know trying to roll with it
sometimes as a mom I'm like oh what's
the void like I feel like I'm like
trying and trying to like teach the kids
kindness and love and respect and good
behavior and sometimes it feels like you
try and try and get nowhere that's kind
of hot today feels but I'm hoping that
like all of this is like little tiny
drops in their buckets and okay buckets
is probably bad to use as a same analogy
and but like little drops into their
minds that someday like the cumulative
effect of all this parenting will
somehow work out
what's this it's a surprise
what is it Oh have a baby this baby my
gray oh you put that baby in a crib yeah
good idea what's your baby's name baby
Oh baby Elizabeth that's a great name oh
you're Ashley hi Ashley you're a great
mom so today for history we are reading
about one of our ancestors which is
Daniel Boone okay where'd you learn
about him cubby um that she's a hunter
he got caught by the Shawnee tribe three
times and he got away each time and we
want his people and I thought was
interesting that he was really curious
and that's like just say Mikayla oh then
I never knew that Gio's lumber ancestors
yeah he is he's one of our ancestors
he's my eighth great-uncle he has a
little brother named George that I'm
related to so he is one of the explorers
that helped pave the way for Americans
to move westward into Kentucky but then
after he was in Kentucky for a while he
moved further west and into Missouri and
so we actually hope this next week to go
visit the Daniel Boone home in the
Missouri area
all right for dinner tonight I tried to
make one of Jeremy's favorites which is
called Frito pie I didn't make it just
the way sounded soft - keep working on
it but it's like a beans and corn and
hamburger on top of Fritos this is the
secret yeah you guys ready so we're
trying to deliver our goodies again and
this time I was smart and texted my
friends beforehand so they should be
home so how did it go this evening with
dropping stuff off good eye
Michael was like running up in his like
hugging me and then I gave him the
balloons
he was so happy doesn't it feel good
yeah it does feel very good and we're
filling their buckets but we're filling
ours too because we're feeling happy -
it's amazing yeah good night Jay house
let's get out this is the Hat all right
here's our parfaits
