is this hot alright here's our parfaits
what you doin hora then with your water
beads you like the water beads so I
wanted to let Laura just really play
with the water beads inside and so I
decided to bring in our little
inflatable pool hopefully that'll
contain the mess we'll see
so when I was growing up my grandparents
had the games Simon and I saw it at the
store yesterday and just for nostalgia I
just wanted to get it and the kids have
had a lot of fun with it today and so
Jeremy nine watch your besties ever done
oh that was awesome buddy you got the
exact same much as me down to my next
record by myself
Oh counting out the crackers getting
everything ready so we made like a
little chicken salad and mandarin
oranges so you I'm so grateful today
laura has been really exhausting she's
being very - lately lots of just whiny
and just cleany and I'm doing my best to
try to be patient and make sure she gets
the attention she needs and also be firm
and not just like giving her all the
time but I'm kind of feeling exhausted
so it's really nice to the dishes are
chipping in and helping with lunch make
em miss me I'm go sit on your chair yeah
yeah and then it's now time not bedtime
are you ready for a nap yeah yeah should
we put the covers on you
we got your baby I love you miss Laura
hey Laura what's your baby's name Sally
is it Natalie yeah why are you looking
it easy yeah good night
so guess what it's always scary when
Kendra pulls out the camera to tell me
something that I don't know yet
what I think our ice makers working
again I thought that that might happen
today
I was shocked I was like come see
because the ice cubes that are in there
are a different shape than the ones that
we make in our little trays for sure
look that's our ice cubes that's so
funny
because it's spontaneously I was like
Easter day it's gonna start working
that's weird but it did and I decide
cake
alright Lisa and I are starting school
time with her reading lesson today and
she's playing a game called phonogram
slack I will say the sound of the
phonogram and you have to slap choke Shh
I three letter I to letter
but
by the way that is a clean fly swatter
that we are using totally clean
ee ee that always says e Elise is
working on another recipe today she
washed the fruit and she sliced the
fruit all on her own and now she's going
to assemble little yogurt parfaits for
us hi did you have a good nose okay
she's still working out it does look
good eating a parfait mm-hmm I probably
better be a taste tester just to make
sure you got it right tada
good job miss Elise that's yours you're
the best six year old Baker Baker in the
world I hate to make it into the kids
baking champion or the grown-ups on your
grown-up I think they like what you're
making me and you practice at this right
who's this one for dad any special
requests dad or do you want everything
just make it with love that means you
have to spit in it Oh Oh the blueberries
no one's really took in blueberry and
sip dad and mom and Elise there's gonna
be a little surprise in the middle
what's the surprise gonna be hmm all
right here's our parfaits OOP taking
care of the leftovers for us so we are
trying something new I've never tried
this before I have no idea if it's going
to work or not so you guys can make
patterns you can do design
we've never done very much poetry with
the kids and I've been meaning to do
more of it and so I checked out some
books and I pre looked at the poems and
picked out some ones I really like and I
use these little post-it notes to just
mark them and so I'm just gonna read a
couple of these poems while the kids do
whatever we're calling this maybe a
weaving activity this is outside tell me
about how its outside time and the Sun
oh so it's like this grass ah it's pink
flowers it's beautiful and Isaac you are
getting creative over here what are you
doing
Oh random um is this a hat not really
good but you can balance it on your head
mm-hmm he's got a bed Laura how did it
turn out mm-hmm
Elise you know the only problem is with
mine right it's gone one more it's good
that ever gotten that's like a massive
bite
so Laura was super cranky on the drive
so far and then we decided to turn on
anesthesia and she's happy as a little
clam over there this is the Anastasia
song anyway this reminds me of this
viral video that we saw the other day of
a baby that's throwing a fit and then
their favorite song comes on in the
babies like so excited you guys remember
that video it was funny
I'll try to find it again on Facebook
and share it on our Facebook page it was
hilarious she totally got me Neely's
just told me that her tooth fell out as
a game and she was totally tricking me
what are you holding
alright so we decided to try the
cinnamon wheel tonight what do you think
of the pizza you're giving us a thumbs
up yeah you like it
some of the giggles nobody else knows I
remember so we were just having a
discussion about thumbs and which kids
got my thumb and which kids got jeremy's
them find straight pretty much I mean
and Kendra's bends all the way backwards
this is my thumb it's just I mean I can
straighten it if I want to but anyway
alright let's do it we got I can't
straighten it but it's like this is
gangsta right let's see it Laura it's a
mom thumb I just um wrap that's your
thumb
let's see Isaac's ours right so dad
thumb that is it dad thumb right there
hey between I don't know you might have
a mom dumb
and I was open to choice but it just
means that it says okay am i trying your
like to have your thumb like mom it's
okay coming years ago you came straight
back straight back okay wait let's put
yours again Isaac show me at them
Maggie wet it's wet there's Laura's
thumb yeah you definitely got my thumb
child Lisa's kind of oh I was gonna say
was in the middle no she definitely got
my thumb Jeremy it looks like my thumb
is the dominant thumb baby we'll see the
new baby will have to check the
ultrasound we want a gender reveal and a
thumb reveal which thumb did the first
thing get dad's our monster alright so
here's a poll question does your thumb
stand straight or does your thumb bend
over these things are just mysteries to
us so let us know up here in the poll
bedtime cannot come soon enough tonight
I'm so done it's like 6:15 but I'm
feeling like it's like 8:30 like I'm
just exhausted so tomorrow will
hopefully be a better day and you know
this just happens in family life
sometimes some days you're just done
we're just telling him I'm done it's
only 6:15
see it on noise you know what it is
that is a tornado sir
Oh
