so a sweet friend got over this gift for
me today so you hear that noise you know
what it is that is a tornado sir
ready set go
like it why are you doing you you
videoing how are you doing I'm watching
you today we are learning about frogs
and we're learning about their life site
and we're going to be playing with these
models of the Frog life cycle with water
beads so it's time to make some water
beads we put some blue water beads at
the bottom and we're going to add some
water miss Laura can you climb up here
and add some water so how do the water
beads grow thank you thank you figure
the water fills it up this is what the
water beads started as and then this is
what it is so far
what is it bigger now okay look at how
it's getting bigger you see what are you
making a lily pad but does it start as a
and then Caleb what is it at the
beginning tag will a tadpole how does a
tadpole breathe with like a fish yes
like a fish does what's that called
gills
that's the tornado siren yep
I believe so
it looks pretty blue out there are some
clouds though I think it's just a siren
a test I don't know do you see it's for
NATO anywhere it is right at 11:00
though so it's probably just a test so
you hear that noise do you know what it
is that is a tornado siren oh oh they're
just testing it so that we know and
making sure it works so that's how loud
it is okay love what you doing trying to
find a frog all right good luck
did you find any frogs yet okay you keep
looking okay who wants a drink out of
the whole name get a drink down
nibbler
mom some mom told miss Lora here I sound
thinking - oh you're so beautiful
looks like someone's feeling ready for
her nap
all right for lunch today the kids are
having cheese and ham and crackers with
cucumbers and grapes you guys ready all
right let's say purr
I made this water contraction a water
contraption Wow if it makes you our
water our plants and hoping ale work I
bet it will
what does it do at the end there I saw
there was like a football on the end of
us being a small football and the water
will be on down a skateboard and they'll
make a basketball move and then once it
gets on to the lever you'll make the
focal and then also have the pretend
lawn mower with sponges on when the war
will comes sent it senses our tight
space it'll go cheap so so when war
comes they will just be on so and I'm
hope you got the water will be um that
the lawn or will move and go onto that
grass so be watering over there so one
of my goals this week is to spend more
one-on-one time with little Laura during
the flow of a busy homeschool day
sometimes I get really distracted and I
don't take the time to sit down and just
be with her and so that's one of my
goals I have a planner that at the
beginning of the week I have each of our
names listed and I put kind of a focus
next to each child's name and next to
Jeremy's name in next to my name of
what's my focus what's my priority in my
relationship with that person this week
and I just want to make sure that she
knows that in all the busyness with all
the kids around and all the fun
activities we're doing that I love to be
with her and play with her and sorry
about my voice I think I'm getting a
cold so what do they have him for dinner
cake that sounds good we should have
that for dinner
I sit in the oven
oh I'm doing really well I'm excited to
be visiting you miss Laura should we sit
down for some dinner all right what are
we eating
Keitha mmm my favorite let's go sit down
with the table what happy feet
oh uh feast I love a feast hi little
Laura how was your day good
can I sit here right inside you Laura
all right
are they having a feast look the frogs
are in the pond they're swimming in the
water
where's the eggs you know which ones the
eggs
there's the frog eggs Caleb what do you
think of the water beads they're bigger
they're bigger let's flatten they're not
quite done I feel more water yeah
they're gonna keep growing how they do
they get as big as your head I'm joking
why can't they get like the sizes no
they get like the size of a marble
somebody just read a level-two reader
this one yes the pizza that we made you
did awesome Elise I'm so proud of you
you've been working so hard alright so
the kids are coloring this lifecycle of
the frog we see your sleazy yeah so
we've been reading about what frogs and
toads eat and they eat insects what
would you guys think of that would you
guys like to eat a grasshopper
poppers money but I'll be fine with
eating a beetle because it has a locker
- are you seriously a beetle people
people do eat beetles what would you eat
one if I gave it to you for dinner
tonight
what about you Lisi would you eat a
beetle or a grasshopper did and never
what if it was a chocolate-covered
grasshoppers Jimmy I'd take it
no I would not if I wouldn't eat
anything like a book okay how about you
mr. cub would you eat a grasshopper a
beetle yeah you would okay how about you
crazy poll question for the day but
would you eat a beetle or a grasshopper
I know that covered in chocolate or
without chocolate let us know up here
I'm not sure that I would be brave
enough to so if you remember not long
ago we had a tree cut down
looks like our neighbors are doing the
same thing over here
we're doing a lot of more advanced
learning this afternoon with the big kid
about frogs you know reading books about
I'm learning about amphibians and what
that really means to be cold-blooded
things like that sometimes I forget that
the big kids need sensory playtime to
like the sensory tubs sometimes I just
think of a more is for my toddler in my
preschool and it's really good for them
to get their hands into the water beads
and play with the little models like I
can tell they just really enjoy it which
makes sense because I didn't do and I'm
an adult
made this yeah what did you make my
stocking place wow that's very careful
so a sweet friend brought over this gift
for me today and she had a cute hope to
go with it too she said remember the
beauty that is the light within you and
it's a live plant in this little glass
light bulb a thing and I was so amazed
that it's a live plant apparently it's
called an air plant so it doesn't need
like any soil and or very little at all
and I just have to mist it once a week
and it will stay alive so I just thought
that was so sweet of her to share that
uplifting thought with me and to bring
this by and I'm excited to see this plan
and how it grows like that's amazing Amy
I've just been thinking about that
thought more and how it's so true like
each of us have a light these gifts and
talents and these feelings and love for
others that we can share so freely the
world with the world if we're not scared
if we don't hide it and so I think if we
remember the beauty of what's inside of
us and all that we have to share with
the world then it inspires us to share
with share it more often hopefully that
make sense
imagine a house alright let's take it up
to his classroom sorry
so another French hit me
