alright let's take it up to his
classroom sorry
so another french hit me
so how you feeling about the first day
of school
hey good you nervous at all but I'm sad
that my teacher that I know her name so
well that she's going on a vacation and
I just can't and the other one I don't
know her name you have a substitute on
the first day of school that's a bummer
yeah the second day third and the fourth
and the fifth the sixth or seventh well
so at least what are you most excited
about for going back to see my very best
friends at school I'm excited to learn
more stuff it's class you must excited
about mmm probably social studies peers
we're going to be learning about
community and we're gonna be doing a
election son you're gonna run for what
are you gonna run for it
Lauren for president how are you feeling
about school today well we are here and
they are heading into school and we made
it on time score win for the mom right
here it was really just sweet to talk to
them about how they're gonna have an
opportunity to reach out and find ways
to love others today and make new
friends I'm just excited for them
Oh give me honey I love you hi well the
kids did great getting dropped off and
I'm just happy for this opportunity for
them it's such a beautiful mix for our
family homeschooling four days a week
and then one day that week they come to
this private school that has a
homeschool enrichment program and they
get to enjoy being in their classes with
their friends and their teachers and I
just you know teared up on the way into
the school I was glad I was wearing
sunglasses so nobody could see but I'm
just grateful for what a blessing this
is to our family and I'm grateful for
the kids and for the conversations we
were having in the car they were talking
about how they wanted to serve and they
wanted to find you know new friends and
that they wanted to especially look out
for those that might be feeling left out
or lonely or nervous or shy today and
help them you know they remember being
the new kids last year and so this year
coming in they're already familiar with
this school and they're excited to reach
out and love and help their teachers and
I'm just really excited for I'm proud of
them so sorry that's like a sappy mommy
moment but now Laura and I get to enjoy
some time together I had thought about
putting her in like a preschool or you
know I'm something this day so that I
could have the day off to get some of my
stuff down you know go grocery shopping
without any kids but some of those
things fell through and I'm actually
really grateful they did because now I
get to have a day with just Laura and
this is special time to have with just
Laura because you know pretty soon
they'll be on new baby and we are
hitting up Panera Bread for a late
breakfast ready miss Laura let's go and
it's a breakfast with friends which is
even
yeah we can't eat here you want some
breakfast she ate breakfast at like 6:30
this morning so this is definitely more
of us
boy that means our food's ready
should we go get it let's go get it
alright so I got this awesome breakfast
sandwich and a fruit cup oh I got it to
share with you Laura are you going to
take it
in the book yeah cuz they're pancakes
and Dragons in that book
oh thank you miss Lora Jeremy and I just
enjoyed a nice quiet lunch oh he is
going to unbox this is an exciting
moment because so which one did you get
your it's the MacBook Pro we're complete
Apple newbies woman I would go with the
power button quickly we have used you
know iPhones and stuff so
all right showing the other stuff you
got so I got the Magic Mouse we here my
friends and I'm seeing a mouse when I'm
editing it's harder to use a touch pen
and then we actually got a big monitor
so I can edit on a monitor and one of
the bigger keyboards for button-pushing
anyway I have been working on writing
down like my memories from my first
trimester with this baby and so I'm
hoping to film a video like a first
trimester recap and put it up over on my
channel mom stuff and I'm almost ready
to film it and I want to go take a nap
so I am so sorry I hope I get that still
film today but first I must nap alright
mister man how was your first day of
school really fun really what was your
favorite part what was that meeting ha
very cool what did you do with your
friends
um playlist um did you have a quiet time
did you lay on your blanket it was
boring yeah and what'd you think of your
teacher mrs. hiccup Oh what did you
think of her she wasn't perfect he get
no world well yes so Caleb did you obey
most most of the time good job I'm
really proud of you about that I really
liked dads you compete do you it's
pretty cool huh so in science we learned
about atoms and we did a experiment with
balloons and we rub them
on our pants and then we put it over
pepper and the pepper it stick to the
bones which I thought was really cool in
an art needed spray painting onto paper
and we played some really fun games in
PE I really liked it
was it good to see your friends yeah
I've got some new friends so the
question I asked the kids when they get
home from school is what did you learn
today and how did you serve and love
others today and it was really wonderful
when they got in the car to see all
their excitement about their school day
they were all talking about the
wonderful activities they did and the
friends they met and then they all like
volunteered like mom and I did this to
serve and I found this way to serve and
I'm just really proud of them they have
such beautiful hearts you're making food
I can see that
what do you playing with why rice we see
I feel like she thinks she was using
that pan yeah so I try to put down a
sheet to contain the mess and it mostly
works but luckily they're in the kitchen
so I can sweep up any mess that happens
but since Ravens are Laura's happy place
she asks form all the time whether it's
noodles or rice I want to get her a bin
of beans and I'm really excited because
we have some water beads I think they're
called that we're gonna do soon my arms
oh no look at that grin oh Sh one there
is a big tub of meat like swimming it
yeah that would be cool
did you guys set up a frisbee golf
course we want to practice so we can get
good enough to go to the frisbee golf
with our dad and our uncles what
happened a little rice yeah all right
well it's a big day I had to bust out
the Maternity box I'm almost 15 weeks
pregnant but I got out this shirt is
maternity table and you know it's the
beginning time to shop for some cute new
maternity clothes all right it's Sports
Club again every week Isaac and some
friends get together and we play sports
together we're still working on football
this week this is a game I made up
called football tag Isaac's go for the
job so I'm down at an event at Qdoba
tonight is actually hosting it but
there's a dinner and then we're learning
about Facebook live and how to use it
and I've never done Facebook
before I'm excited to learn about it and
I'm excited to meet a bunch of the other
people that are here you know they're
all bloggers youtubers social media
people that are interested in that so it
should be fun and I'm excited bout the
food next time sounds really good right
now
so how was Sports Club today awesome I
scored six touchdowns an interception
that rain downs were touchdown all the
way from the touchdown I also got up to
punt returns did you have fun yeah so
another French hit me on the trampoline
yeah what happened to you I got a bloody
nose yep cup was bleeding but that's not
that abnormal in our family honestly
because bumps and bruises and stuff like
that happen all the time well the food
was amazing I'm so excited to take some
home to hear
and I learned a lot about Facebook life
here's my idea I wonder if it would be a
good place for Jeremy night to jump on
and do a Q&A how would you guys think
about that you know what let's do a poll
would you be interested in watching a
Facebook live unit okay this is a pretty
big moment for us it's been a long time
coming
you
