so this is a pretty big moment for us
it's been a long time coming
the morning we are off to a pancake
breakfast with our family today and
luckily at little Laura is feeling so
much better I'm really grateful about
that but I'm not feeling good today I
forgot to take my medicine last night
and I'm so frustrated myself because
I've already this morning been feeling
way sicker but little laura has been so
sweet to me she came up and was like
stroking my cheek and she's like he's
okay mommy you'll feel better
oh good I'm so glad you're feeling
better whose shirt are you wearing today
Lizzy are you borrowing it hmm so I was
walking to get dressed and I saw Laura
with my shirt on and it was like wow
that's just right for a dress and she's
like I'm borrowing it and I'm like okay
and then yeah well I think dad put it on
her that's everything that I really
thought it was hers what I did laundry
one time I put it in her thing and then
I pulled out and put it on as like this
works and then elese was like that's my
shirt I have sisters like I grew up
borrowing each other's shirts and so I'm
like oh this is the beginning of
wonderful things to come poll question
for the day do you borrow your siblings
or your parents or you know do you
borrow clothes I remember doing it with
my best friends in high school you know
so that's the poll question do you
borrow clothes
if I bought uncle's I'll have to wash
that's a really good idea that's really
good idea Isaac what were you saying so
I don't borrow from my Stephanie
yet I think one time I've gone up on
night so Laura apparently thinks those
ukulele is a violin strong fish - so
part you play it for us
good catch they would catch it
thank you like little touches like
yawning so cute that sound is cuz he
left it
so after breakfast we came to the park
to just play and have some fun with the
family
the only thing is watch's tail kiddos
because oh you the rapper it'll get ya
put your gum I know he's fine
why do I hold my stash man were you
having my stash why not
I've loved so much having my family here
we've stayed up late several nights
talking about the things that are most
important to us like what we want most
out of life and what we're doing to try
to get there about our relationship with
God and it's really just been an amazing
time it's part of the reason I want to
have five kids in my family how much I
love my siblings and what it means to me
in my life and these are my close best
friends and I want that for my kids as
well
lu lu ma'am we got a little Oompa Loompa
can you do a cartwheel boom the part of
the day playing with my cousin what'd
you do oh you made popsicles and we drew
you made popsicles how's your day been
buddy good what has been your favorite
part of the day going to Brandon
Michelle's house Ted you piano uh how
was piano good we play when vionic goes
for summer it well I'm so grateful my
brother Troy is awesome he saw that my
mom needed to be mowed and I have a
really busy day to day with some work
that I'm getting done and so he's mowing
my lawn right now that's really nice
how do they been buddy good what's been
your favorite part of the day probably
playing with your cousin alright we're
doing frisbee golf this is my first time
to ever do it with actual discs for
Troy's birthday Emily it got him new
frisbee golf discs oh so these are new
he's got they're brand new and they're
legit they're really nice now that we
pretty much was thinking about a
professional frisbee golf team Troy
well this is the part of phrase we go
off that I don't love we're in the
middle of the bushes with a lot of
stinging nettle which hurts my whole
body is on fire
we found okay I'm fine we're running
here you go
well it's Troy day today which is funny
cuz we've been celebrating his birthday
but he has offered to watch our kids we
had a babysitter fall through and we're
gonna go on a date tonight thank you and
what's weird is he's just and he what's
weird is all of us in Missouri v 2z
celebrate his birthday without him he
has to go back to work tomorrow
okay alright so this is a pretty big
moment for us it's been a long time
coming but we are at Best Buy we're
getting the MacBook Pro I've edited the
whole time on a PC and we're finally
making the switch to Apple so I'd love
to know in the poll
do you use Mac or PC ooh the big divide
we're crossing over so yeah we're
excited there's gonna be a quite a
learning curve well I feel bad so
Kendra's brother works at Microsoft and
I feel like I'm betraying you Michael
I'm sorry
I'm going to get the trash that's right
Dan Sam so there was an earthquake this
line is definitely safe so we're out at
a live escaper and the goal is to break
out as a group so we have all of my
family that are here
