so there was an earthquake miss Lora is
definitely sick so we're out at a live
escape and the goal is to break out as a
group so we have all of my family that
are here
so there was an earthquake at our house
really yeah
I hear like here it happened just barely
didn't you feel it yeah me neither I'm
so frustrated on social media all of our
friends are like going crazy about this
earthquake our friends four houses down
evacuated their house because of it
everyone's like we woke up and there was
an earthquake I didn't feel it at all we
were awake all of the kids were awake
and I didn't feel anything maybe I was
wrong so used to our house being utter
chaos that we didn't notice
somehow or maybe like the ripple effect
of the earthquake like they felt it
strong and we didn't so paul question
have you ever been in an earthquake so
our family that lives here in Kansas
City and Michelle felt the earthquake
and like her drawer drawers were shaking
and our cousin Luke was apparently in
the bathroom and he saw like the shower
shaking or felt the shower shaking and
he was like there's a monster in the
bathroom inky like running out anyway I
like that story see they have good
earthquake stories earthquake story is
very boring we didn't fit yeah and
that's why we don't feel earthquakes
yeah that was going on when the
earthquake happened we had no idea um
are you okay so apparently there was a
five-point something earthquake in
Oklahoma City which is around Oklahoma
City and Tulsa couple hours from here
honey said that the Kansas City metro
area felt it at like a 3 something
magnitude how do your house not break
end up earthquake well I think it was a
little earthquake the one that we felt
so it just shook people's houses it
didn't break anybody's houses here what
time was the earth is apparently around
seven o'clock this morning
Rio wake for sure I don't get it we're
getting Cheerios Cheerios bounced around
in your milk
no no stuff showed up broke why because
there was a
earthquake and earthquakes are what
break stuff how do they break stuff
because it shakes the ground how does it
shake the ground well there's some
controversy about that anyway it's
really interesting apparently hey Teddy
hey cubby can I walk for a second I'm an
earthquake he's saying show us how
you're an earthquake you are an
earthquake Caleb because we have one
every single we have our own personal
earthquake we have a living earthquake
that never stops that never stops stupid
we like him you tired
what are you doing what are you doing
having okey-dokey
well the kids are super excited uncle
Troy is back in town so Troy did you
feel the earthquake this morning I
actually did yeah I was it felt a lot
like a cruise ship you know I look like
the engine was starting and then it
started to sway it was crazy cool how
did I miss this
Oh creaking right by the blast
I'm agar today golfing with my brothers
Travis is actually putting for Eagle
I love how Travis putts like a miniature
golfer in other news miss Laura is
definitely sick how are you feeling
sweetheart sit she has a decent fever
other than that no symptoms except for
she's obviously not feeling herself miss
Elise has been taking care of her this
morning she just brought her the pillow
and the blanket and it's just been like
kind of taking care of her huh because
I'm kind of feeling a little better oh
good I'm glad you're feeling better
yes we do the whole Jeremy's up against
this stuff crazy see there's the back
sweet yeah do a little landscaping
they're hiring you okay if it is look at
that that's how you get out of the rough
people right there hit it right at the
big log tree the trunk oh my gosh all is
more dangerous than people give it
credit for never denied it issue in her
book yeah here's such a nice sister she
loves frozen so oh yeah she does do you
like that book Laura hey thank you lecie
we just play for fun you know it's not
about the competition between us
brothers at all
Blake's out with us today too
today clips you leave some love in your
hair Thanks
check it out the car in front of us is
from Hawaii so they had to have a boat
bring that thing over no Jamie they
probably drove the one I love when
you're playing like the license plate
game and you never find Hawaii like this
is awesome I'm really grateful Laura
woke up from her nap feeling much better
her fever has come down quite a bit and
you know she's happy just laying on the
couch we felt comfortable leaving her
with the babysitter which is good
because we had big plans tonight we had
tickets to go to this awesome
date night with Jeremy's brothers we'll
tell you about it inside okay so we're
out at a live escape room they have a
couple of these in Kansas City they have
different rooms that have different
themes and the goal is to break out as a
group so we have all of my family that
are here awesome so it's like a live
experience game entertainment thing
where you going and all the clues are
there and you're trying to like before
the time runs out Vicki Rico Ellucian
unfortunately we can't take the camera
in because we can't give away any clues
and people want to do it but we'll tell
you all about it I'm excited this is
like a perfect fit for this group yep we
did choose the room with the highest
level difficulty so I'm a little bit
nervous about that hopefully we can
crush it communities
okay Brad you've done that before yeah
we're going in just guys see Michelle's
new haircut Oh a little bit no all right
so we escaped it took us 54 minutes but
it was a lot of fun well that was
awesome it was so much fun and we did
have to ask for two hints but we figured
out so much of it on our own and the
room only has a four percent success
rate so we were really excited to finish
it and in 54 minutes like we got out
just in time it was a lot of fun called
to check on Laura and she's doing fine
so we're headed out to dinner now every
good date night ends shopping we got
some good food for some awesome stuff
tomorrow did your opinion okay that's it
we're watching college football our team
is down by one point it's the last play
of the game we're going for the field
goal
when the cave feels good
Jay Hausa
I turn into a queen
