I turned into a queen all right well we
are out running errands this morning we
have to get our car re-registered which
means we have to get it inspected so
we're headed to a place to do that and
I've got all the kids with me so it
should be a good pen
ha no we have to wait for our car to get
finished getting work done
oh ok in a walk no we're not gonna walk
home we're gonna wait for our car
where's our car there is well that was
super fun um our car failed the
inspection and so I had to schedule some
repairs so the cars gonna be going in
for some repairs soon luckily it's still
you know okay to drive for a couple days
um what else is I going to tell you guys
it took like all morning like that was a
couple hours and the kids tried so hard
to be patient but it was long and now as
a reward for me advocates for what we
enjoyed this morning we're driving
through chick-fil-a so yeah I came for a
second no no ice cream buddy but thanks
for asking
do you want Nuggets or chicken sandwich
sandwich
alright so much right Nuggets Laura what
do you want
right I knew it french fries alright
then we're headed home for now time it's
quiet time right now and I just saw what
Caleb was doing what you doing buddy oh
you're playing a game together very cool
you won
good job oh man poor teddy bear are you
gonna play against him again
you're gonna play another game now
That's Gary good job cleaning up your
games make sure teddy bear helps out so
with the Elise's reading lesson today
we're studying more about two silent E
and she is dressed as a princess today
all right there you go read that one man
man apply the magic wand Maine Maine
with the main Alliance name yeah yeah
yeah every princess needs a nice
collection of
Island magic II wands miss Elise
Princess Elise can you please make the
magical sound of the silent e wonderful
you did wonderful you are so good at
that sound a tape could work uses so
many words very nice
I'm gonna make you turn into a salmon
you gonna make me turn into a seventeen
huh oh that was close Oh Oh a queen
I turned into a queen anyway I know this
is kind of silly goofy play but it's
really fun to just have fun together and
pretend while we're doing schoolwork
together I think there's like a hair on
the camera oh sorry sorry guys I just
found all that was I think it looks like
an eyelash on the camera well today
we're studying about the history of
Mesopotamia and the kids are doing some
math work about that area of the country
and coloring pictures and anyway Laura
woke up from her nap and she has a
pretty good fever and I'm so sad
everybody was feeling better this
morning so I was hoping everybody was
just tired last night but she is not
feeling good oh you're not feeling good
oh what's the matter sweetheart
that's just where's your sickness
where's your owie is it in your tummy
yeah is it in your does your head hurt
yes yes I am a hammy did daddy give you
some medicine
no we gave you some kids tylenol huh
yeah all right you want to watch a movie
hmm
I'm so bummed we have some awesome plans
for the next couple days so I'm really
hoping that we stay healthy enough or
this is short-lived or something but I
can feel my own headache coming on mmm
it
job boys
Laura's absolute favorite activity all
the time is playing with the noodles and
so Elise got out the princesses to play
with her with the noodles and they're
having a grand old time
this is our favorite soothing spa and
they get washed up and it is good bath
uh-huh and they take them a long time
because I love to eat it they love to
eat it while they're in a bath with it
because it's soothing and it's made of
hot chocolate in a smoothie whoa are the
princesses taking baths oh oh
this is a funny bad we have to lay them
I'm feeling kind of bummed my brothers
went frisbee golfing without me I missed
out on it because I was working and busy
but let me know in the comments what is
something you missed out on recently
that you were bummed about you guys
always make me feel better we do redo
your comments so thanks for leaving them
on another side note I think that I have
pinkeye or something's going on I
definitely have still had this cold for
a couple days now I'll be glad when that
goes away we're making macaroni and
cheese for dinner and the foam is
starting to rise so do you guys have any
tricks you do to try to keep the foam
for macaroni and cheese or other noodles
from spilling over the edge I think what
I was a little late we would like put a
knife across the side nowadays I just
turned the heat down
as I please
laughing it's time for bed you little
stink
Caleb's really good at pretending to be
asleep and really good everything too
busy once and we're in at going to a
park I pretended to be asleep
mama actually thought also sleep want to
pretend again
yeah okay I'll answer the next eight
hours okay J good night Jessup hey I'm
in the doctor's office for another baby
doctor's appointment oh you'd want to be
an oompa loompa hey I bet you'd make a
great polo book let me know in the
comments below what you think I should
do with my hair
wow you Betty do
