I'm in the doctor's office for another
baby doctor's appointment oh you'd want
to be an oompa loompa hmm I bet you'd
make a grateful oppa
let me know in the comments below what
you think I should do with my hair but
good buddy do the chocolate waterfalls
in the comments share an idea for a
creative candy and go through it like
the ones that you think are really fun
and creative
should we have you beat bogus salt good
morning
so we just finished Charlie and the
Chocolate Factory last night and so I
thought it'd be really fun to have a day
of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
like a willy wonka day at home so I've
got a little something for these kids
let me guess are we gonna have chocolate
stuff well we'd have to with the Willy
Wonka day wouldn't we yeah excited you
have to watch the movie today you think
so
and wheel that's all this chick what do
you think we should do today hi
popcorn yeah oh that's it it was melt
chocolate and then put it in our bath
wait why are we gonna melt chocolate and
put it in breast tub to make it like the
hot chocolate River Wow
that would be exciting yeah because
that's kinda gross we could put it in
like a huge bowl there's something you
guys have great ideas to start the day
you each get one of these hi
it's not a treasure hunt what does it
say okay you each got a golden ticket so
first I asked the kids to dress up as a
character from Charlie and the Chocolate
Factory I'm Charlie Bucket oh you are
Charlie Bucket I love this outfit and
who are you silent how are you gonna be
a blueberry I can roll up like when
you're doing a somersault oh very good
idea so um where's your gun all right
I'm I guess this loop
blue or glue blue there we go he's
augustus group why'd you decide to dress
up as a Gustus group because I like
eating
like a giant full of cereals oh I should
dress up like him once we start reading
the book I thought I was kind of liking
me as I eat a lot so oh my goodness Emma
your mom yeah oh you look like a mom
should we have you beat Bo Duke assault
now I ask the kids to build something
from the story of Charlie in the
chocolate factory it can be a room it
can be the factory itself it can be like
a certain machine or thing that we heard
about in this story but they're building
something I got lots of different
building materials out so I'm excited to
see what they come up with you got a
machine oh the gun machine very cool ooh
I see a little piece of gum in there so
this is a garbage cute where Lucas aunt
Ellen I see it
mr. cubby what did you I mean excuse me
Charlie Bucket what did you build
I made the glass elevator and I made the
cutter you know what does it cut it can
cut anything at one time this can go
this can go here this can go home miss
King
whoa that's really creative and this one
we built all together it's the chocolate
waterfalls and the chocolate River and
then there's the tree and the bush in
the grass of the chocolate when I made
tree
you did make the tree we worked on this
one all together didn't we alright so
now the kids are inventing their own
candies Caleb tell me about them up
there that is chocolate and if you
needed then you turn into a chocolate
bear there's a lady and then some eat
wait so if I eat the candy I become a
chocolate bear and then somebody else
eats me a chocolate fence and you can
eat it it's oh good and you can eat it
there's chocolate I love your ideas
really bucket so tell me about your
candy Oh
so every lick is a different flavor and
between these colors you know yeah and
it's a lollipop nice and this you can
also you can eat the stick that's genius
edible lollipop sticks that's a good
idea miss Laura what did you invent ah
you can make a home yeah candy that's a
great idea
can I live at your house with you yeah
mmm yeah I'm calling it the pain about
me out to a toy candy parks
hey guys whoa wait it's a toy candy car
mm-hmm can you play with it yep it's
about this wide and this top whoa and
you told me it was waterproof and it's
also remote control yeah
it's the outside edge just agreement and
then also it has a peppermint wheel it
has candy cane carpet that's not sticky
um right there's a million dollar idea
non sticky candy canes
I would buy those that is awesome kay
this is such a cool idea I love how many
details you got it popcicle it's a
motorcycle it but it's your popsicle oh
cool
you can't eat it stick well and also gum
sticks it to the car there shoot is
everything edible
yeah there's seat there's a starburst
truck oh there's a seat our cocoa yeah
chocolate hard chocolate the people are
gummy bears that cool so yeah on also it
has glow-in-the-dark Gobstopper
headlights nice that really
glow-in-the-dark uh-huh genius
great invention so the kids showed me
their ideas of different candies I'd
love to hear from you guys you guys get
creative with us in the comments share
an idea for a creative candy and go
through it like the ones that you think
are really fun and creative all right
next up we are going to attempt to make
homemade chocolate truffles I've never
done this before but I thought it'd be a
fun way to get creative and hopefully
they turn out all right Caleb so we have
to break this chocolate up and to all
the pieces in this bowl can you do it
I'm gonna have to use my teeth
nope nope not your teeth come on break
break break it
see if big brother can do it you got it
you got it come on cobby
okay so we've got to break all the
chocolate into little pieces not yet
buddy
okay so we're making like easy chocolate
truffles so the first step is to beat
some cream cheese you want to turn it on
Laure gonna knock just a little bit
alright now it's time to add the
chocolate what is it you think that's
done yeah still some bumps there's a few
lumps I'm wonder if I can stir them out
you guys imagine a whole river of melted
chocolate yeah would be see what its
gonna turn into so I decide to let them
taste the chocolate and nugget oh okay
yeah
alright well our idea was to try to let
the kids invent their own candy so we
have this chocolate nougat the inner of
the chocolate truffle and then we're
going to let them decide on what they
want to roll it in and they've got all
the options in the world so we're going
to see what combinations they come up
with here's the example truffle that I
made to show the kids and here's all the
supplies that we've gotten out so far
and then the kids so far I've started
picking some toppings that they want to
try putting on the truffles you guys
ready to go yeah okay look what toppings
mat-su name can I try it no put some
more topping on it though so it's all
covered
okay what are you trying
Jax and peanut butter my homemade
cinnamon with yard sprinkles not Oh Oh
sprinkles and nerds yeah peanut butter
with chips on it and then nerds and then
a marshmallow potato chips
oh yeah we're getting crazy I'm playing
a marshmallow inside I think I want to
be an inventor when I grow up I think
you'd be amazing in there caleb has
decided to be done making truffles and
just eating his stash augustus caleb
gloop it's a truffle sandwich yeah look
dad dad it's a truffle person filled it
with big ears yeah that's her hair okay
this is a truffle person that he least
invented I love it if you're wondering
that your hair okay so this is her hair
and this is her skirt at school she did
a self-portrait in chocolate truffle I
love that no matter what activity were
doing Elyse turns it into art somehow
always like 3d art one two three make
amazing
are you eating yourself oh that's like
an even worse kind of a cannibal what do
you have personally since oh do you guys
think you would enjoy working at Willy
Wonka's chocolate factory wouldn't ya
but I wanna be the little people
oh you'd want to be an oompa loompa I
bet you'd make a great Buffalo pun you
guys know going to a chest dumb oh you
want to test them
can you sing Boombah Boombah do buddy
you haven't seen the movie in Black
Betty do so I posted this over on
Instagram but I thought I would ask it
here too I have been noticing that I'm
wearing my hair up like this
every single day which is usually the
sign that I need a haircut so I want to
get my hair cut but I don't know what I
want to do like I don't know if I want
to just trim it or do like a shoulder
length cut or something more drastic and
fun so I'd love to hear your thoughts
let me know in the comments below what
you think I should do with my hair
alright well we're in the middle of
afternoon school time Isaak is over here
working on math on the laptop and Elise
is getting ready to do her silent e
machine it's part of her reading lesson
today we are still just absolutely
loving this curriculum can can cake put
the word through the silent e machine
now what does it say cane cane cane the
silent e machine changed it to a new
world I'm gonna go back oh what happens
if you go backwards on the silent e
machine can all right Caleb do you want
to try to pick a word ah tack alright
put it through the silent e machine
Tad's II Oh
but the Eastman isn't a tape tape three
right just like do you think you're
gonna be silent on the other side hmm
oh no it's a silent Alysse machine does
it work for Caleb - my name is Jessa II
Oh a silent kid machine we are going to
be millionaires
we created a silent KITT machine and it
used to say mad but when I go through
this machine it actually works young men
it said Nate made so it used to say Matt
and Sarah says made yeah good job
so at least just showed me the silent e
machine and we've been playing with okay
Oh cut all right put it through the
machine dad whoa now it's Sarah's Ute
beep so the boys are playing some game
out on the trampoline but they've been
saying for a while anytime I give them a
breakthrough lead me down the track
whoo it's fun to see them having so much
fun how are you doing get I'm just cold
you're cold yeah I'm wondering if you're
starting to get sick well that was the
first one that had it dad's had a cold
I'm in the doctor's office for another
baby doctor's appointment and I am now
14 weeks and you know I just got to hear
the baby's heartbeat and I love that
moment I feel like I've been starting to
feel the baby move but not all the time
and so it's just always really
reassuring feeling okay everything's
okay you know and you mean I'm just
excited everything went great at my
appointment and I was actually able to
schedule my ultrasound like the
gender-reveal baby Anatomy scan anyway
it's still six weeks away so it's a long
ways off I'm so excited to find out what
we're having and now we got to think
about like you know how we're gonna do a
gender reveal and it's coming how are
you feeling sick I just wanna try to
yeah
are you up to eating a little bit yeah
guess who else was laying down while
you're at yet one little booger you're
not doing you're out we're all getting
sick alright well we are going to eat
this yummy healthy dinner Jeremy made
this is um pesto covered tilapia and
then we are going to snuggle up and
watch the original Charlie and the
Chocolate Factory movie I'm really
excited the kids having read the book
they haven't seen the movie yet and so
I'm excited to get to show it to them
and we'll see you guys tomorrow
Jay house out my feelings were hurt I
was a little bit offended that little
koala bear is so cute the kids asked me
to come downstairs to watch something
