we're here at their school are you guys
excited yeah
why are you excited cuz there's a
surprise oh it's our surprise should we
get it yeah all right daddy grab the
surprise the presents so this morning we
have one more back-to-school surprise
for the kids early what No so this is a
family laptop for school use okay all
right you guys want to open it up and
see what's inside yeah let's go over to
the table alright so with having a
family computer for school time that's a
big responsibility we need to learn how
to take care of the computer and how to
take care of ourselves when we're using
the computer so if you guys know
anything about Internet safety um you
don't share your password you've heard
about that one that's good Isaac when
something pops up you go get long dad
yeah that's a really great idea because
we can help you know how to deal with it
so we need to protect the computer from
computer viruses where's my rip okay do
you know how your body can get sick with
like a cold or something
yeah well computer can also get sick
okay so hackers and different programs
can get into it and Drake it but not
like the kind of shit that you have yeah
it's not gonna like throw up it's like
the one wing it's like it'll break yeah
I look great it'll stop working maybe
we'll lose data that's important to us
maybe it will corrupt files maybe people
steal our information so one of my good
friends had a hacker break into his
account and delete his YouTube channel
can you imagine that we were really
excited when Norton reached out to us to
partner for this back-to-school campaign
they have a program that can go on ten
different device
is it does the antivirus but it also has
parent controls it can show you how much
time your kids are spending and you can
set up a count for each kid and it
covers all the different interfaces so
it can work on our Mac computers our PCs
Android phones I out iPhones I'm not an
and tablet so it's nice because families
have so many devices now I gave a
statistic that school-aged children are
you are spending forty four hours a week
online which is crazy
III feel like that's maybe too high of a
statistic I wonder if it's almost too
low like everybody does everything
online now so how many hours is that a
day if you were doing 44 hours a week
what is that we're not mathematicians
people 6 6.30 got the answer 6 point 3
more than half of the day you're using a
device it's just crazy for me because
when I was in elementary school there
was an internet and all about to play
Oregon Trail for like the 30 notes once
a week exact your floppy disk current I
want to do a poll question let us know
how many hours you spend a day online
that includes on your phone with apps
social media school everything sometimes
security software isn't the first thing
on our shopping list and we sometimes
don't think about it until we've been
hacked or having a problem with it this
is one of those things where prevention
is so much more helpful and so if we can
get this set up at the beginning of the
school year and be ready to protect our
devices and our family it's a great
solution so there's a link in the
description box where you can get more
in security to protect your own family
since we've been studying ancient Egypt
and the pyramids we decided to let kids
try building pyramids out of sugar cubes
this morning I've heard that before but
I've never tried it before see how it
goes I'm so glad to try all of these you
want to eat it yeah why do you want to
eat it because it looks good because it
has sugar on it so Isaac are you making
a mini pyramid yeah well I'm making too
many x' and then the Great Pyramid in
the middle that's a good plan it's so
quiet you can tell the kids are like
focusing on what they're doing no I'm
gonna put some in here you're gonna put
it on your hand oh no man we're not
painting our hands of blue we're
building with the
box can you build me something you're
not blocks there are cube of feminine
not cinnamon what is it shit
yep so this morning when we were
learning about the Great Pyramid we
learned that it's made up of over 2
million stones and each stone weighs
more than 3 tons which is more than an
elephant and they didn't have machines
like the ancient Egyptians didn't have
you know cranes and bulldozers to lift
these things and also there's an arrow
that point up to the North Star exactly
and at points to Orion and stuff like
that right the openings of the pyramid
pointed directly to the stars
yeah and then also it's in the very
center of the earth yeah right pyramid
the exact centre that's amazing
we read that the pyramids are the oldest
of the seven wonders of the world the
gold the gold top uh-huh you did it what
are you building miss Laura you're
building a house yeah so Isaac's final
design is just the three pyramids with
the Great Sphinx and the great pyramid
right behind it I want to be a
archaeologist for ancient Egypt so BC
and I are doing some cooking lessons
together this year we have a kid's
cookbook that we're going through
together today is her first project and
she's making her own cinnamon sugar
she's got all of her supplies out ready
to dig in all right what's the first
thing you're gonna do sugar sugar
I think I got it good job up close
there's a little bit of sparkles it
sparkles like sugar huh mm-hmm
I think we're filling it all up all the
way all right there it is
send them kicking okay do you wanna put
the sticker on it yeah cinnamon sugar
now everybody will know that I made it
good job chef Elise all right Miss Lucy
did you make us a snack mm-hmm all right
let's go eat it first be happy at least
absolutely loves to cook and so I'm
excited to be able to be doing this with
her this year like she works really hard
with her reading program and her math
program and I wanted her to have a part
of her schooling that something that she
just blossoms and thrives at and so it's
really fun to see her talent for cooking
just coming out thank you I feel like
the vlog is never on for the cutest most
sweetest parts of the day like Isaac was
eating the cinnamon toast that Elise
made him and he was like wow this is so
much better than any professional
cinnamon sugar I've ever had any Lise
was just like glowing it was so cute and
then Laura just woke up from her nap and
she was like uh he said my birthday mom
I was like no she said is it your
birthday mom and I was like no she was
like is it Lacey's birthday like she
went through everybody in our family's
birthday and then she was like whose
birthday is it and I'm like nobody's
like it's just a regular day somebody
somewhere I bet it's one of your
birthday today
happy birthday um Laura is apparently
thinking of you but it's just so cute
now we're going to sit down on the couch
and read and the boys were out jumping
on the Tramp and Isaac's making a bar
graph yep I asked him
the family pizza got first then
hamburger and hot dog then taco no one
chose taco who's gonna win who's gonna
win
all right so we're all cleaned up from
the boys being stinky after sports club
and we're headed to back-to-school night
and on the drive we are finishing up
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory it
looks like we're really going to finish
it we have one chapter left and this has
been absolutely magical I can't wait to
read more books of the kids and I can't
wait to watch this movie with them are
you so excited yeah yeah we're here at
their school so our kids go to a home
school enrichment program they go one
day a week and it's an awesome program
there with classes in their grade levels
so helisas with 20 other first grade
students there's actually a lot of
classes here like there's three
different first grade classes three
different second grade classes and Isaac
and Elise were so excited because we got
their class lists yesterday and they
have their best friends from last year
in their classes this year so we're
coming to meet their teachers and it's
just an exciting day for them excited
right here you feel like a little cubby
you Lise and Isaac are so excited to
show Caleb around
it's your teacher buddy
how are you hi Caleb washing my hair hey
1 2 3
Laura how are you I like your skirt this
cute very sure you're here this is where
the kids have recess
yes so Jeremy and the kids are gonna
stay in the play area and I'm gonna take
Isaac to all of his classrooms he gets
to meet six different teachers tonight
he rotates between Spanish music PE
science social studies and art science
and really fun it really does the
science teacher was so excited it was
telling all about the experiments and
cool hands-on stuff they're gonna be
doing it's gonna be awesome so the fact
that we do this private school one day a
week is always very confusing for people
on the blog we get questions every week
I thought you guys were homeschooling so
if you ever see a question like that in
the comments you could just let them
know we do home-school but one day a
week we go to this private sphere well
back-to-school night went really well
the kids I love meeting their teachers
and they're really excited it is now
pouring down rain so Jeremy is running
through the rain to go get the van and
drive up through like the covered drive
your spot so we can all stay dry I love
that guy good night Chan
so we're trying to play family feud and
we can't find the remote control well
