so we're trying to play family feud and
we can't find the remote control ah good
morning
I am having a slow morning this morning
I just didn't want to get out of bed
like my alarm went off and I was like
mmm No Mas keep sleeping but I did it I
got out of bed and I just didn't get out
of my yoga pants I stayed for my yoga
pants cuz they're super comfy before we
got started on today's school stuff I
wanted to show the kids the paper that
we made the other day and how it turned
out it was several days ago coming right
on it we could try writing on it do you
feel it Laura what's it feel like text
it does feel like chips it does it's
very hard if I smack right here it would
just it would just crack what do you
think leaves this food weird yep it's
bumpy definitely different than our
normal paper huh all right so be very
gentle
what does it feel like to write on it
where you have to like this you're gonna
be gentle and it's kind of bumpy alright
I made a Jay house on my paper I wanted
a car and an RV and a cool car it is on
choc ice flick yo surprise for dad can
you show it to me oh that is such a nice
surprise your dad's gonna love it are
you gonna take it to him
that's cool why do we need so
yes is so me
oh no horsy how is it so this is a new
kind of paint this is called liquid
watercolor now you each get one of these
Lennie's gets me squeeze it and it sets
there - right there we go I got mixed
colors you mix them together thing how
do you wash it off it's washable you're
getting it
oh you're gonna kind of put it inside of
it it looks kinda like washi it does
what Alex pushes
I got me blueberry
and by Lord
this is like Stan
nighttime so this is the kids lunch
today you guys ready yeah show me your
hands okay so it is washable so it is
going to come off but it just they're
still a little stain and we're violet it
reminds me of aya and she turned into
would be from Charlie and the Chocolate
Factory you're right we're all a little
bit of library I know I know
the cleanup of activities like this is
always a little bit more than I expect
like I'm like this won't get too messy
of them boom boom anyway let's dive in
it's time for lunch
I'm not sure if this mirror will ever be
the same so this morning I had planned
sorry I'm out of breath because I went
downstairs upstairs and apparently
that's all it takes to make this
pregnant lady run out of breath anyway
so this morning I had a plan to do that
salt art activity and I really wanted to
do it and we woke up I couldn't find my
salt anyway or like I thought I had
several tubs of it but apparently I
didn't so I called my awesome neighbor
and she had one that I could borrow so I
just used that and then this afternoon I
was down getting something else out of
the pantry and then behind everything
else I found like two or three things of
salt and so I was feeling kind of silly
and a bit embarrassed that here I went
and borrowed it when apparently I still
had it anyway poll question from the day
from the day poll question for the day
have you borrowed stuff from neighbors
you know like when you're short on an
egg or you know whatever it is that
you're running out of do you borrow from
your neighbors let us know up here it
just started raining and
super sunny and there's not much dark
clouds at all student basically just
blue sky isn't that funny where that
happens sometimes
this afternoon's piano lessons go
so
next page so for dinner tonight we
decided to just come to Papa Murphy's we
got a cheese pizza of pepperoni and
we're trying one of their dessert pizzas
Thank You Isaac you're such a gentleman
we're trying one of their dessert pizzas
Isaac picked it out which one s'mores
it sounds good and we got a salad so you
know we're gonna try to even out some of
that pizza Ness but it'll be yummy so we
went to Papa Murphy's and we got a
surprise I got salad yes Caleb that way
if you hold s'mores a little good yeah
we only try a s'mores pizza tonight
so as normal we're having an interesting
conversation around the dinner table
Alise is telling us what she wants to be
when she grows up I'll be a prima
ballerina or a chef or a maquette yeah
that's your fallback plan I'm Laura
um Darth Vader
yes Darth Vader or a pirate or a guard
or a spy I wanna be Emma I wanted to be
a bum killer an exterminator sure sure
bah-wah
avian people ascended drain frog to go
kill bugs and you just go so wait you're
gonna train frogs to go kill bugs that
brilliant Wow all right
oh you want to be a ballerina awesome I
want to be my favorite Chiefs player
tyreq hill or or a Royals player well
this s'mores pizza looks really good mmm
yeah that's marshmallow on top so we
realized that we had a bit of a
misunderstanding over dinner we were
asking the kids what they wanted to be
when they grew up and they were telling
us what they wanted be for Halloween so
it makes a lot more sense now
that was really funny what do you want
to be when you grow up
I
wanna be a bug kill a bug killer I just
have to that's okay
you want to be an exterminator more
hiccups okay all right Isaac what do you
want to be when you grow up Kate Laura
still wants to be ballerina I want to be
either an NFL player and NFL announcer
for a salesmen a Salesman how's the
hiccups going no no more okay and miss
Elise why do you want to be when you
girl I want to be about marine I mean a
premium a prima ballerina or a cook our
cousin then you better take this in mr.
Wonka and he swept his magnificent black
top hat off his head and held it out
upside down in front of mrs. TVs now
so we're trying to play family feud and
they can't find the remote control is it
under the couch
look in the cushions is it in the couch
cushion he oh he once hit it there
unexplained wait I remember when I so
there are certain things in our house
that we've lost that we still haven't
found like my deodorant the kids were
taking my deodorant have no idea where
it is do you know where my deodorant is
it's just in your room where name of you
got to chew to swallow their yogurt ice
cream all right well this is our second
game kendra has the boys on her team
this time I have the girls and Kendra
one last time so I'll having to Regina I
want one last thing yeah so I'm hoping
to redeem for myself okay okay well how
many points you have 514 points we have
444 so Lisi won one round the boys on
one run and I won both arounds here I
know the week leak is yeah all right
J house on
so there was just like some lightning at
a huge crack of thunder
