so there was just like some lightning at
a huge crack of thunder all right this
morning we decided to hit the local
gymnastic spot for an open morning gym
just to play
Jeremy joined us he couldn't resist the
fun and I'm a little bit nervous because
last time I came here there were like
two cars and this time the parking lots
like full so I'm wondering it's gonna be
crazy crowded it is whoa
you're right there's a vault all right
well it definitely is more crowded in
here today but there's so much space the
kids are still able to have just as much
fun it doesn't matter and because
Jeremy's here dreamy actually did a lot
of tumbling growing up and so he's
excited to work with the kids on their
cartwheels and this should be fun
Laurie were you stretching stretching
out he doesn't want to pull any muscles
it is hard to be at a gym when I'm not
in good shape or I'm not like 20 years
younger because I want to just get out
and do a roundoff back handspring back
fall like I used to but I would probably
die don't die don't die dad can you
teach us gymnastics I'm gonna teach you
a couple moves okay
you look like a bug that got stuck
outside together hold on
you
I think Caleb's head might still be
disproportionately big for his body
pretty good so if you go a little faster
you'll be able to whip your legs over
okay better oh hey let's see it
have a surprise
Laura just walked up to me and said mom
I have a surprise and then she took me
to the kiddie area you can get a big
girl you can do it you can do it big
girl you got a big girl
good job whoa
you are strong do you remember the
awesome stuff the guys Neelam fixed it
on these days are try to hang still and
then lift your body up wow that did so
much muscles
look at you so careful he then jump up
good job girl
very cool
got it
Michael's turn
Oh
jump
well
Oh
it's time to be uptown are you ready to
go home okay here did you like it so
much yeah okay so what do you say when
it's hard to leave you say thanks for
letting us come um hmm you say can we
please come again well that was a fun
morning it was really fun to see Isaac
and Elise really focusing on practicing
their cartwheels and they made good
progress like they're still learning but
it was fun to see them working on like
really refining those skills and in
other news I don't do very well in
crowds and being there with all those
people it just got to me like I actually
started really feeling anxious and I did
okay there but I can like still feel the
residual anxiety I'm like okay I gotta
do something to kind of calm myself down
I don't know why crowds are hard for me
with that I really don't know like I'm
not nervous about anything it's just
like I just like free space so anyway
we're using quiet time now to all kind
of decompress on the way home we read
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory which
is one of my favorite things so that was
really nice and now I'm really hoping
quiet time will help me kind of recharge
okay we have a laundry problem we're
doing a bunch of laundry and apparently
one of Elise's shirts got washed with a
couple of stickers on it
and so it's all fuzzy like I've picked
off the bulk of like the remains of the
sticker but there's still this like
sticky residue did you guys know how to
get that out like I'm not a laundry
wizard if you know how to make this
shirt get back to normal please let me
know in the comments below so he can do
that thank you
hey I wasn't even joking look at all
this laundry and there's still more
sitting here doing Elise's English work
together and after each like section she
gets up and practices a few cartwheels
like she's on a roll she really wants to
learn this she think in progress
dragon legs up and pointed
that is much better you're getting it
so the Missouri River runs right by
Kansas City and every time we drive over
it Kendra gets all crazy giddy she loves
it I just think it's really beautiful so
anyway there's this path right along the
river that I've never been to and we
were driving over tonight I decided
let's come and Jeremy was a good sport
and so we're walking along the river and
it's beautiful
yeah we're cold stone creamery enjoy
thank you
I had them mixed the sweet cream in the
Himalayan sorbet then with all of the
berries tenders trying to decide what to
get so what did you decide on that pile
of Mia's got Oreo and graham cracker
crust and cheesecake ice cream and some
fun have you been the cold Stone
Creamery so there was just like some
liking at a huge crack of thunder and it
sounded so close and you see everybody
just like start scurrying like it's not
raining yet it's a listing on us it is
it's time for us to end date night and
date night so thanks for watching we'll
see you guys tomorrow
Jay house out all right so we have a
ginormous daddy longlegs spider in our
house and guess where we found it it
crawled
