all right so we have a ginormous daddy
longlegs spider in our house and guess
where we found it it crawled on all
right it's another day in J house land
we're off to an okay start we got our
chores and stuff done this morning and
now we're going to dig into some history
and miss Laura I just every day try to
get her out something that's kind of
different to play with so that we can
kind of focus for a few minutes and get
our history reading done and then she
joins us for our history activity so
here's what she's playing with today
these magnet dolls oh very nice miss
Laura what are you guys whispering about
pretending to be that oh I'm real but
man yeah you are real Batman thanks
Angela
whoa look Italian stuff yeah you see
Halloween stuff why am i I think they're
getting ready I think it's time for us
to think about getting ready for
Halloween you want to do ballerina to to
be sit down sit down
look addresses like our book like some
of us could be the grandma's grandpa's
and which Agatha he really won't go that
way fun you're gonna be really warm dad
can be the guy that bullied um Isaac
Isaac what do you want to be probably a
Chiefs player my favorite player hi rat
tail I might want to be a ballerina
staff I know what I wanna be on Darth
Vader that costume that's me yes face
yeah I think that would be fun
hey why are you giving element for me
that would be what we would need it's
true all right so in history right now
we're learning about how the early
people kept records like how they wrote
they wrote on stone tablets and clay
tablets and today we read about how they
learned how to make paper and so the
kids and I were talking about they're
like how do you make paper and I was
like let's do it and so anyway we're
gonna make paper today but I was missing
one thing that we needed so I decided to
brave running out to lows this morning
and I found what we need which is this
little screen and so we're going to go
home and make paper and I'm so excited
and the kids are cooperating and this
would be fun all right well we are
making paper we're tearing tissue paper
and some toilet paper and their little
paint samples and a couple pieces of
copy paper and putting it into that
bucket at step one we're going to need
smaller pieces guys
you put them in little pieces good shop
it girl
alright we're almost done bad show sorry
okay now we need to make a pulp what do
you think we need to add to make pulp
glue would make it interesting
wire do you remember what the Egyptians
make their paper out of reeds and what
did they have to do the reeds
yep to make it what let off soft so we
are going to take this and soak it in
water can you pour the water in we got
to turn it into mush hey Laura hand it
to keep up good job here come shit what
you making there chef mush I don't know
if I want to eat that for lunch well you
have to because this chef is making that
it's only alright this is the last round
of stirring and then we're gonna dig our
hands into it
hmm alright
mush it up Laura you can help put your
hands in there
we decided to take this wet party
outside all right so it's pretty mushy
how do you think we could get even mushy
er ah how could we do that like um one
of the strong yeah
get our potato masher it sparked some of
the liquid out make your tongue out
I like joking I'm joking
we're going to try to spread it out we
just watched a couple YouTube videos
about how paper is made and it made me
realize that I don't think we used
enough water and so I'm going to try I
got this one like extra juicy and I'm
gonna pour it on this screen and we'll
see how that one turns out but it was
really cool like because we're so
excited when we're watching the video
they're like we did that like that was
this and so Jeremy will put the links to
the videos that we watched about how
paper is made in the description box
below in case you're curious so also in
the video they like cooked the mush of
paper and water or you know wood grains
and water so this is definitely
imperfect paper but it was fun to see
and experience the process hands-on
alright so we have a ginormous daddy
longlegs spider in our house and guess
where we found it it crawled on Isaac
yeah it was on his body I hate yeah in
it yeah pretty bad right then it bit me
you think it bit you do you see where it
bit you again if it did bit me right
here
is it in there it's in there it's in
there
catch and release
for me I'm not just this yet
go away I'm gonna see Laura let it go
okay very good
well let it go back to be with its
family it's okay Dora it's okay I'm
gonna go like thanks better it is a big
spider isn't it so curious family is it
kind of scary is okay it's just a spider
the big kids are writing messages on
scrolls and hieroglyphics what are you
writing eyes it
my name is it easier to write in English
or in hieroglyphics it would take me oh
my god I'm onna I think it'd work
I'd probably be done with like 30 20 by
now yeah what have you had to do all
your school work in hieroglyphics oh
you'd faint
there's Isaac's hieroglyphic name
rolling up your scroll that's like you
here's your messenger light here's your
message huh promise' whoa
like it says crazy bat crazy bat upside
down hat it's a poem mmm Grady at
upside-down that don't what it really
says I think I am a pretty cool I like
the a is the best these were the crazy
bats in the upside-down hat I didn't
know through these that looks like a
Star Trek symbol
alright during quiet time today we are
playing phonics go fish with the three
big kids and I and we're having a good
time at least you have a letter oh yes I
did
he's got two matches all right it's my
turn miss Elise do you have a chick nope
Go Fish
oh dear mahjong hey Lise do you have a
letter e the devil the double e's here's
a match
here's his matches worried so hard on
that you worked so who won that game
excited again we were having a stressful
time getting the kids down and I was
feeling frustrated and I went out on the
back porch and there was a beautiful
sunset and I stopped and just took some
deep breaths and thought of three things
I was grateful for it's amazing how much
that changed everything about how I felt
my whole body relaxed and I felt peace
I've just been thinking a lot about how
gratitude is such a key to happiness
of realizing that things were grateful
for so I'd love to hear in the comments
the things you're grateful for let us
know and try that if you're feeling
stressed or angry or frustrated just
stop and notice things around you that
you're grateful for I noticed the sunset
and I thought about that and I thought
of our yard and our kids and my life and
I just felt a lot better and I was able
to come in and interact with my family
in a positive peaceful way so give it a
try we love you guys Jay house
