so this is Egypt
that's the country Egypt that's what
we're learning about today what
everything yeah we're not going to go
there to Egypt not today we're probably
not going to see a princess day but we
could play princesses today you think
you're gonna go see Anna be cool
that would be pretty cool you come here
you mom
okay mr. Caleb where's Egypt can you
show me where you gift is oh so close
Egypt is right there
did you remember the name of the river
that goes in Egypt
the Nile River now well this morning for
history we're learning about early
Egyptian history and about the Egyptians
that lived right along the Nile so we
decided to create a replica out of
play-doh so this is upper egypt and this
is lower egypt and what i think is
really cool is upper egypt in taos and
lower egypt is north yeah which is
different than usual for that it just
Upper Egypt is higher in elevation all
right Lucy which part did you make this
part and the dunk to like spot where it
clubs all the time yeah does it float
all the time or just once a year once a
year easy where's Egypt all right yeah
good job
the yellow is right there yep this is
Egypt for years the white Crown King
from Upper Egypt and the red crown King
from Lower Egypt fought with each other
and the upper Egyptians and the lower
Egyptians sailed up and down the Nile
and fought with each other too and
around 5,000 years ago king Narmer
defeated the red crown king and took his
crown away then he put the red crown
over top of his own white crown and
announced that he was the king of all
Egypt
why I am loving learning about the Nile
River it's just fascinating we looked up
some YouTube videos like see the Nile
River and we looked at pictures and now
I just want to go there I want to go to
the Nile River and see it no all right
so now the kids are coloring and I'm
going to read to them from Charlie and
the Chocolate Factory do you guys think
Charlie's gonna find a ticket yeah
there's only one to get left well I'm
having kind of a grumpy morning this
morning I just don't feel very good I'm
really tired I just feel kind of blah
like I'm in you know just kind of a funk
this morning but it's kind of overcast
and raining and so maybe that's part of
it too
I don't know I'm hoping that I can get
out of it and have a better day this
afternoon and evening I actually like
rainy days they make me more creative
you think you're more creative on rainy
days yeah why do you think so because I
don't I don't really I can't really go
outside and it just makes me not really
feel like I can do anything so I start
getting creative that's really cool
so I knew that Jeremy was seeking a
break from editing and coming out to
jump on the Tramp with elese but I
didn't know it was raining you guys are
crazy
Pristina everybody joins in I'm not
feeling it I'll just watch one thing
that I've loved about working at home is
that throwing in a recess break for me
really increases my productivity and I
have a lot more fun in my life
it's school school school wonderific
gets terrific school school school
anyway I'm in a giving mood apparently
at the moment and I am sitting here with
Elise we are doing an assessment which
is like a test in her book and she's
doing awesome she's killing it over
there that tune that you were just well
like just saying that was from super
Wyatt and we actually never heard that
tune I mean watch that show for years I
know that's so funny and random that I
thought of that can you sing it oh
that's where it comes from
good job what you're reading this very
part we see the fret I recommend it
yeah you like it so we were just at a
light and it was a red light and we were
turning right and we're like waiting
because there was a lot of traffic and
all of a sudden the person behind us
honks at us we were both like why did
they look at us like there's like a
steady flow of traffic like if we had
turned right we would have run into
people and you know we didn't let us bug
us so a lot but we were like that was
weird like don't talk like we can't go
anywhere so anyway the guy pulls up next
to us at the next light and rolls down
his window so we roll down his window
and he said hey I wasn't honking to try
to tell you to go I was trying to honk
because you have a pair of sunglasses on
your back bumper and it just fell off
and
it was just funny like it's funny how
sometimes things happen and you judge or
think something immediate like hey how
dare are you honk at us when really it
was tricky just trying to be a really
nice guy and I'm glad we didn't like get
upset or anything but I had put the
sunglasses there because they just broke
which if you've watched many of our
vlogs this is an ongoing theme my broken
sunglasses and so I said it there and
then forgot to pick them up and where
are we at Culver's so we are daydreaming
this afternoon we came to an RV shop
place and we are looking at some RVs
that's one of my big dreams long-term is
to someday take our family out and
travel around and see a lot of the
country and so sometimes it's just fun
to get out in daydream
you sleep there she lay down and see if
you can sleep there oh my do you get
sleep up there tiny toilet we'll put our
baby in that tiny bathtub yeah
oh not tomorrow the baby has to get
bigger oh okay
so Jeremy and I are giving the master
bedroom a test run to make sure we could
both lay down on it and I'm so glad
we're little people like I'm 5'4 and how
tall are you
like maybe 5 9 he's 5 9 and look he's
like all the way to the edge
we're actually 6 7 it's funny on YouTube
how you can't tell how tall or short
people are so we're looking at how much
capacity there is for like clothes and
wow you're 5 4 maybe 5 porn huh your
turn hey that's not tiny Wow look he's
right there
is that what my clothes would go all of
them Jeremy all 2 pairs of clothes right
there well this is the first one that
we've seen today and I'm in love like
it's not so much living area and I
specifically wanted this kind of a table
where the what's like a bench like a
u-shaped table the kids room back there
has tons of space we could even put the
baby in a porter crib back there look at
this cup holders what more could we
dream of we'll have to go somewhere
where it's a good temperature though
because it's really hot in here right
now well but I don't know the air
conditioning on do they have air
conditioned they do have air
conditioning there's air conditioning so
this is one of my biggest concerns how
do I feed a family of seven with that
much refrigerator space it's a lot of
fruit roll-ups they're raisins and well
and I mean you don't have much cupboard
space either
you guys think about this one I like
this one but I don't know where I'll
sleep this is kind of fun like an island
so we wanted to look at this brand but
they don't have the double bunk house of
this model here for us to see so so poll
question do you think you would like
living in an RV that's why using TV like
niggers already pudding try you speak
Birmingham where just love one here just
put our clothes good night Junior Seau
