so we're finishing up lunch and I'm like
cleaning up and all of a sudden I
noticed that Elise is writing notes and
delivering them to the boys bedroom and
so I'm looking at them and she's writing
notes to Caleb from Superman so I decide
to follow her and see it was fun
this is so cute to me alright so uh what
are you boys up to I'm teaching Caleb
how to be a superhero right now I'm
doing it Tess okra ninja I'm ninja
warrior this is what you want to eat
when you're super still what do you want
to eat water yoga wait what is this a
carrots mac and cheese eggs and beans
but beans wait before is that why you
put that on the list
no it's protein oh it's perfect and I
just wrote like who what I think is the
top six interesting so what are you
gonna teach him next about how to be a
superhero right now I'm just giving it
text what kind of a test like I asked
him what would you do a four people were
about to surround you and stuff like
whoa look oh walk up walk walk walk
yeah just tackle all of them alright
well you boys have fun at superhero
school okay so I've been really loving
ice-water lately like I just crave like
super cold water so we've been going
through a ton of ice lately and just
this weekend our ice maker stopped
working and so Jeremy diligently like
took apart the freezer like took apart
the thing he was like watching youtube
videos reading the owner's manual like
he took the whole thing apart and he put
it back together and I came through and
I was like oh my goodness this is
wonderful like did you fix it and he's
like no and then later he brought me a
glass of ice water like out of nowhere
like later in the day I was like um you
didn't fix the ice maker what'd you do
check it out
he went old-school he just put ice trays
in our ice maker thing he's so smart
like I don't know why I didn't think of
well let's just got our old ice trays
and wash them and start making ice that
way so hopefully we can get the ice
maker fixed or figure out what's going
on with it but I loved that he was like
I'm gonna get ice for you Kendra and you
just see yeah he's the best daddy in the
world I I have to agree all right what
are you guys up to
Hado what are you making Laura you're
making pizza you eat I can eat it oh
thanks
what kind of pizza is it : mmm thanks I
like circle pizza mmm
we see I love your creations are you
trying to defeat a pillow yeah
thankfully you can do so last night I
had some quiet time by myself and I
ended up deciding to read through our
old family journals and I read the labor
and delivery story of Laura and Taylor
and Elise and Isaac and it made me so
excited to have a new baby
like I just seeing all their little
newborn pictures and like remembering
the moments of like their birth and like
just the joy of finally being able to
hold your baby and it made March feel so
long away from now like my baby's due
March 3rd and I'm like oh like I just am
so excited to have a new baby in the
house what's going on now
I don't see this ending well I'm gonna
I'm going media today to get an entry
because you're training him I tell you
okay
don't hurt him oh so I grew up with
sisters like there are several girls my
family's only one brother and so this
kinda stuff is like totally foreign to
me where sometimes I'm like germy germy
they're like fighting he's like no this
is totally normal okay hey
- how's the weather good it's too hot
not too cold not too windy not too low
and then is it kind of in the middle
yeah the humidity is around 50 and do is
around 50 hi perfect move it's a little
bit blue now help me
oh that's so good okay now which color
gonna come on they're going to use the
pink or the yellow
well thanks okay so then we push it on
there you do it you push it yeah did
your mom you guys see how this works
yeah are you thinking well we are
painting blue oh good job that's working
so careful
all right Isaac is finishing his up how
did you decide on blue and red I think
they look good together hmm good job
Billy least finished up she worked so
hard all right so my nephew Blake is
wanting to learn how to do a backflip on
the trampoline
I told them I'd spot him because he's
having a problem that he's landing on
his face over and over again so we're
trying to fix that so I'm going to spot
him and then he's going to do it you
ready I'm ready go all by yourself
that's good no you got it that's good
really pulling your knees trying to hold
it so you get the momentum there it is
all right whole question for today can
you do a backflip let me know in the
pole so my brother Jeff is still in town
oh he's going for this bin and you crazy
love it it's so fun to teach people to
overcome their fears
all right so we're out swimming with
family tonight and I have not been
swimming in a couple of weeks and when
you have a swimsuit on like you really
can't hide like guys I'm totally showing
look at this belly look at that so I'm
almost 13 weeks and you know this is my
fifth baby there's gonna be a belly so
I'm just gonna own it and love it this
is my baby bump
so I normally just jump in but I'm doing
the easier way into the water much cold
but it's so how about you guys you
normally jump in or do you do the easier
way is it warm once you're all the way
in
you
so this gorgeous Viennese just flew over
our heads I wished I had the camera on
to share it with all of you okay dear
Sam so I'm at the coolest birthday party
tonight we're all painting pictures
which I've never done the social
painting thing before
