so I'm at the coolest birthday party
tonight we're all painting pictures
which I've never done the social
painting thing before Laurie's gotten
into my nail polish is that your makeup
oh no no getting nail polish off your
lips is gonna be a disaster yeah did you
get all dressed up hmm oh my goodness
like that oh you put makeup on
so we're celebrating this one that my
brother Troy is in town visiting Caleb
which one are you gonna get I don't know
your Long John it's Jeffy's
so I have another brother in town right
now - actually all of my brothers of my
original family are here in Kansas City
right now so we're going to hang out so
we brought the party back to our
backyard kids are having so much fun
with their uncles flying Kaleb you got
so high so there's something magical
about being with family we were playing
catch and one of us started laughing and
then we left for about five minutes
straight just laughing about nothing but
the fact that we were laughing these
boys are just a bunch of big kids they
have so much fun when they're together
I'm so glad they're able to be here this
weekend
good job Isaac
I don't think we need a real basketball
Jeremy I think this is just fine it's
shut down now you have the mini basket
so Ally any leaves have been working on
a swing dance routine nice so one of our
long ongoing games as a family when we
all get together is what we call
football horse and it's where you try to
make whatever shot or do whatever the
person before you did throw the
basketball into the trampoline jump into
the traveling and catch it before it
bounces twice got to throw it high
without hitting the tree dang it I'm
next one bounce oh he's doing the
inverse of mine on the trampoline you
gotta watch after the tree next time
yeah
popsicle time alright so here's the core
question for today
what's your favorite flavor of popsicle
and if I don't have one of the options
up there let us know in the comments you
like banana the best you can
dickie they're clean off okay Travis is
attempting to throw it over the
trampoline catch it on the other side it
didn't make it over the trip so the show
did a triathlon today I'm sad we didn't
make it out to cheer for you we got a
game of capture the flag going we have
it set up kind of like World War one
where there's a no-man's land in the
middle where if you get hit with a ball
you're out so it's kind of like
dodgeball capture the flag
we have shields and weaponry set up
Caleb just recently scored capturing the
flag oh no guys and the kids are playing
the coolest game I don't even understand
it OOP OOP what's going on
this is a second time complaining
sometimes it gets a little bit intense
but with that wound
I got Travis out that's what matters all
right well we are out to dinner tonight
right tens Escondido restaurant it's a
Mexican place and jeremy's have been
here before I've been here once or
excited but we're with Jeremy's or
others and it's going to be a fun like
adult date night this Mexican restaurant
it brings out chips and salsa but it
also gives a free cheese sauce here and
then because we had to wait longer than
they expected they gave us free nachos
and free guacamole and we have some
pretty heavy and our food is really
amazing check it out we're here right so
I'm at the coolest birthday party
tonight we're all painting pictures
which I've never done the social
painting thing before but we're going to
be doing some cactus pictures and you
know I'm a little bit nervous but I'm
excited to get outside my comfort zone
and have fun with it so if you haven't
noticed yet we like playing games
oh well
throw the bird give it
she's gone here it is there's my
finished painting
look at our little artist come home so
we're sitting around playing games we're
playing a game called werewolf Kendra
just got home with her painting so just
a second ago we were playing guest rooms
where you act stuff out and now we're
playing catchphrase
but Troy forgot and he kept acting out
and here's the funny part is Elvis
didn't even notice like we're trying to
get that free pudding yummy goodies were
that simple which worth its weight in
gold
no one and next to demolition we wish
our neighbor right anymore ADA we shower
just shower never born never born a
shepherd ever just wish I wish I were
never born and we're gonna keep playing
we're gonna end the night the Jay house
out
