Oh
all right I did come on up time for
second grade welcome to second grade oh
this much but this is your reading books
for this year yeah
why 21 books for one year connects
education gears that you're gonna learn
how to build and how all these things
work at school yeah it's cool awesome
and that's the workbook that goes along
with it flat just don't look like a
workbook to me it looks like a fired-up
a red calculator Ricky cheese king's
daughter see this is the stuff that
first is really thing that I wanted I
just told you and dad and his words that
thing I want it that's the thing you
wanted was a globe well it has a summary
of the history of the world
oh my goodness thank you those are our
family read allows for the year we're
gonna read The Wizard of Oz yeah and
then watch the movie maybe and we're
gonna do qadian chocolate after and then
it has a movie Nutcracker yep we're
going to learn about some artists we're
gonna learn about Leonardo da Vinci and
Monet we're going to have an awesome
year at school
I think this but I think this will be my
favorite school year so far neat it's
gonna be awesome
all right come on up first this is right
here she's pushy and a whisk you got a
book that's a cooking class this is your
very own recipe book cooking class we're
gonna do together could we do it some
today Oh baby
Wow thank you you're welcome
oh you've got to smell your new penile
ice cream do it as smell your math book
has all these math tools that go with ow
okay so you're gonna learn how to use
all of these in math here is your
reading program that we're using this
year and some of the readers this is
gonna be so much fun
and this is a reading book just for you
I read this a nice little girl and I
think you're gonna love it
thank you you're welcome whoa
these are our read aloud books I'm so
excited about those all right Laura
we're ready for you well let me tell
their school these are your toddler
school things yeah - miss knack is my
sir it's your snack
let's not yourself on that's a
calculator
Oh Neela oh you're okay you're okay
yeah that's your paint you're gonna
learn patterns oh wow you're welcome
sweetheart
and these I think you're gonna really
like mmm this is the last one
just ah watch out world here comes Kayla
I ain't touched in this I didn't know
else for me I was sneaky here's your
smelly pencil what does it smell like
and you see if you can figure it out
Oh Oh beans jelly beans hmm Caleb this
is the curriculum that I chose for you
this year
if it is full of fun stuff so your
curriculum takes a lot of building and
play Oh
hey cares we're right here Kansas City
man can I see everyday ounces cookies I
love that we're gonna be learning about
gears and building do you want to help
us out
yeah sure well it's been several weeks
of a lot of work to try to you know
carefully choose the curriculum and the
programs that I want for each of the
kids that is you know right for their
needs and their learning styles and for
our family goals and so I'm really
excited like seeing it all here in this
moment I know the kids will be excited
and I'm just really looking forward to
the whole year ahead and what we're
going to be learning together as a
family they're doing it
this is hilarious his painting
got it ok done now and that's cool I'm a
little bit nervous yeah you ready it is
kind of nervous you're doing it
good job Lisi well this is definitely
one of those things that looks easy on
Pinterest or when you see the idea and
it is way hard the kids are doing a
great job it this is not easy brush
around I'm so glad we use washable paint
oh hey not bad just hold that right
there I'm gonna get a paper like blood
it does look like blood but it's not
it's just red paint swing painting
accident well I definitely did question
my sanity when I was out there about
choosing to a painting activity on the
first day of school when they have their
new school clothes but luckily the paint
is washable and I think Caleb's the only
one that got a tiny bit on his shirt and
I know it's going to come right out
because I've used that paint a bunch
before anyway now we're gonna make some
what's that thing called pizza lunch you
know can you open one of these for us
here so give it all
you nervous
you don't like it when it pops yeah I'm
you right Paul usually it doesn't
actually pop see no pop many hammering
down sizzle bit then you buy a new table
no you just haven't one table take it
and you roll it out for us it's not okay
look did you want to try to pop it this
time like this mom yeah just like that
good job miss Laura you cookin thanks
for helping
it's like a little chick mom that's
making his own okay so Laura just said
our prayer for a luncheon she said and
we're thankful that I made the pizza and
Caleb and Elise it was adorable
I've been going over with Isaac his
school schedule and how he's keeping a
record of what he's doing and his
reading list of his book report he's
pretty excited about it
this school year is better than this
summer you like it uh-huh we decided to
do a first day field trip well it's not
really a field trip it's a truth we're
going to eat frozen yogurt
how's your ice-cream big girl thank
first at school and you like it fat fat
first about to say well you got a little
bit of jelly beans with that ice cream
well we made it to quiet time Laura is
rusty and we did the calendar notebooks
with the kids and I kind of talked to
them about how the school portion of the
day is going to go and now they're all
in their own little corners doing their
assignments what are you building right
now what book did you decide to start on
Stewart's cape all right
that's not a start none so I get the
chance to teach math to elese this year
and we are having fun playing with some
blocks and learning so every day we're
going to try to read aloud a book
together as a family and Kendra chose
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory for
the first row and I missed the first
chapter I'm sorry you guys read the
diary it went really well this is a
great story like Roald Dahl is just a
great storyteller so I'm really excited
to read it and then I'll probably watch
a movie with a kid we're gonna watch the
old one or the new one I want to watch
the old one I really like it and then I
went to index and the captain poll
question for today have you read Charlie
and the Chocolate Factory
or have you seen the movie the old one
or the new one I guess there's lots of
options we're gonna have a poll question
about Charlie in the chocolate fest
there we go I'm excited about this good
night pick her up good night love you
can I get ya good night what we're going
to the Chiefs your shirt I did yet like
today like right
