how does it feel to have dyslexia uh
sometimes we write like words backwards
alright I have a confession I'm a super
nerd another one and I only use that
that's my toothbrush wow you're just
gonna borrow it
huh that's kind of gross yeah I can eat
it ya know what let's get your
toothbrush
oh man so I've been in kind of a goofy
mood this morning and I was beatboxing
while they were eating you know but
Isaac came up with this own version of
beatboxing what do you call it
Burt boxing it's kind of gross let's
hear it it keeps the get fit
okay we gotta hear more first beatboxing
yeah it's a thing we'll have to have you
show Travis Travis my brother who just
moved here that is living here now he's
coming to pick something up in a second
but he actually is a beatboxer or he did
it for an acapella group and he's really
good
what's in here Oh
school is starting over here tomorrow so
we're getting really excited about it
but Elise and I have actually started
her reading program about a week ago we
just kind of wanted to get into the
groove for it and I'm really excited
about her reading program that she has
this year because this summer Elise was
assessed and found to have dyslexia so
Miss Elise how does it feel to have
dyslexia uh
sometimes we write like words backwards
and letters
well numbers and letters backwards and
my dad has dyslexia too so that's I
think that's how I have dyslexia yeah is
it hard or easy to have dyslexia hard
now what's hard about it uh it's hard to
learn how to read yeah you have to work
extra hard we studied a lot and I read a
lot this summer about the gifts of
dyslexia kind of some of the special
talent areas that they've been found to
have and Jeremy does have dyslexia and
it's interesting to see you know how
he's able to think out of the box and be
really creative and he's very spatially
oriented I see so many of those same
gifts and he leaks where she's very
artistic and creative and fun and she's
so smart so for spelling today we're
gonna write the words in the shaving
cream uh-huh
gonna be fun yeah well we did the
spelling words and now she's just
playing a bit and it's fun it's fun to
like break up the routine of school and
do all these different like
multi-sensory things now Caleb wants to
turn with the shaving cream does it feel
and just the right sheet my buddy and I
dropped off the kids of piano and now we
are headed in to grab a few things from
the grocery store because we're having
some friends over tonight I'm really
excited I think I've said that a lot
today must be a good day anyway as I was
saying we have some friends coming over
tonight and so I wanted to stop at the
store and get some stuff for dinner
what's funny what this pregnancy is I
find a food that I like and I crave it
for like several days so we actually had
spaghetti for dinner last night and
Jeremy and I've been talking all day
about what we should make and you know
what sounded good and I was like
honestly I just want spaghetti again so
we're making spaghetti again luckily
like we didn't feed it to the same
friends last night so I'm just picking
up stuff for more spaghetti and garlic
bread and a fun dessert so I'm gonna get
my favorite bread it's called an Asiago
cheese bread somebody's just relaxing
oh is it uncomfortable maybe
all right we're going to get a dessert
too and I'm in the frozen dessert
section trying to choose I think I want
to do like a yummy frozen pie here's
some of the choices I love this brand
but which kind should I get Key Lime
cookies and cream
turtle or cream chocolate
caleb what kind do you think we should
get
well feels really good to be feeling
better because I'm so excited to host
people for dinner tonight we love having
people over and cooking for people and I
mean it's a really simple meal just
spaghetti and some bread and stuff but
it feels really good to be feeling
better I'm officially finishing up my
twelfth week of pregnancy like that's
amazing I can't believe I'm not far
along and you know I'm just really
grateful to be feeling better
there he is he's pretty serious he's
mowing the lawn so we keep moving the
trampoline because wherever it lives for
like the week or two between mowings it
kind of the grass there starts dying so
we just like migrated across the lawn
and hopefully that'll work out the kids
are loving having the trampoline
here he comes again
Laura did you get jewelry on hard you
look so pretty
alright I have a confession I'm a super
nerd so I don't normally watch a lot of
TV or Netflix videos or stuff just
because I feel like I don't have enough
time but I just finished an over 12 hour
podcast all about World War one that's
how big of a nerd I am and I loved it
it's a podcast called hardcore history
and I listen to it every time I did
dishes or had to drive somewhere or was
cleaning up around the house I listen to
it every day I was just amazed how much
I didn't know about World War one and
hearing the journal entries and seeing
the big picture of all the events that
were going on I just love it so poll
question do you like history
do you like learning about things that
happened hundreds of years ago or 100
years ago let me know in the poll do you
like history right now though I'm trying
to get Laura off the trampoline to come
in for dinner and she doesn't want to
come and she's just cracking me up
when Laura oh come on let's go
I mean get you I almost had you
I almost I'll get you oh that's a pole
you don't want to run into it it hurts
hmm hmm get your little sassy attitude
over here come on
did you oh I just got Laura to come down
this is a big deal so the reason I love
history is I feel like it is a roadmap
for us to learn today from lessons in
the past and I just soaked it up all
right so as usual the adults are in here
and we have the kids all out back but
we're really excited we have Ashley and
Mike Costa with us and we have the
Drewes with us do it in Landon and we
see with love and desert yeah so we're
having a good time you having so much
fun playing with friends
Laura
you do have a cupcake hey do you want
some pie look French silk pie this is my
favorite hi Sally
so Laura came running up to the table
and said dad it's a sunset it's a sunset
and it is a beautiful sunset tonight
what are you doing bud with no shirt
just wrestling kill the lights turn off
their shirt oh that's just what everyone
else is doing gonna get ya get out of
everyone yeah it does because one game's
ready I was a wrestling partner um no
like we all are distressed me oh really
here it is up here release watch
fireflies go get another one
catch it I saw it was in your hand we
actually caught a Firefly
well that was very brave of you very
brave of you Caleb do you have one is
going how come a screen yeah oh it's
going in there oh good job dude
I'm still glowing well Caleb and I just
had a really sweet conversation you know
he was really attached his lightning bug
in his little cup and he was so sad and
did not want to let it go but then I
said Caleb how would you feel like what
about this lightning bugs family like
what if they're missing him and he just
got like really sweet and tender hearted
and he's like okay I'll miss the bug but
I wanted to be with his family and then
he went outside and was really sad to
let it go so what did you decide to do
is it gonna get to go be with its family
he has such a big and tender heart like
caleb is just so loving and so it was
sweet to see him just thinking about the
bug instead of himself and letting it go
all right and then do yourself
