oh that is so cute oh that's a big mug
good morning friends well we have big
plans for today we're going camping
tonight if it doesn't rain on us it was
raining this morning it's just
sprinkling a little bit right now but
hopefully it stops because the kids are
super excited so big news for our family
my brother and his family just moved to
Kansas today we're gonna be moving them
in or we're coming to this store to pick
up some stuff for them when they first
get there and before they camped out oh
and we're getting some stuff for the
camp
they've been really loud
I think they're trained to sing the very
beginning of Lion King there's a cousin
who just moved Tobias who is it oh my
god yep your cousin Michael and who
else there's a new baby that's right
alright so if you're new to our vlog
Jeremy comes from a really big family
well I card a video up here that
explains his family a little bit more so
this is how you can have twenty two kids
on one family I come from a family of
four and our families are all spread out
we have family in Utah in California and
Arizona and Ohio and here in Kansas City
we just have one of Jeremy's brothers or
we did just have one of Jeremy's
brothers and his family and so we really
love being close to Brett and Michelle
and getting to be with their family but
we're so excited today because another
one of Jeremy's brothers Travis and his
wife Ashley and their two kids just
moved to our town and so we're just
really excited to be able to have them
here for family dinners and playdates
and birthdays and you know all those
little moments like I just really
haven't stopped smiling all day today
I'm just so excited like family is
everything we're bringing some groceries
so Isaac is helping us move today I'm
really proud of him who's working hard
Caleb who are you playing with
yeah Ellis's Widow gently gently rock
her only gently yay so here's our
cousins Elizabeth and Michael we are so
excited you moved here are you excited
for your new house and your new bedroom
yes pink pink baby in my new house oh
you're gonna get a pink bedroom in your
new house what where's your new house um
a watch Oh in our garage is your new
house I'm Matt Cassie necklace yeah your
cousin Michael is here are you excited
about it can you give him a big hug Oh
oh that's a big hug
grab your arms a little bit tighter
around her like this hey you go yeah
like that
oh my goodness you're a natural I think
she's liking it mm-hm this would be a
good practice for my new baby you're
right
so my niece just made a Jay house
pancake that is awesome
you're quite the artist that's been
reminding me we've been really wanting
to do the pancake art challenge that's
on YouTube it looks like a lot of fun
we're gonna have to try it sometime soon
you guys are doing some pancake art I'm
Elise how are you so tall right here oh
that is so cute I tried to make s jerez
Ali hi it's a pancake art kind of
morning so in case you're newer to our
vlogs this is our cousin Ali and she's
awesome
and she lives by us so we get to play
with her a bunch filling in the Starly
see this is fun
I might aim more about Harrison right
there yeah great okay let's see the
flipping of the star
ooh I really like that flower in the
house
all right where are you two headed we
can't go without down here downstairs
what are you guys gonna play oh you're
gonna say hi to the kitty cat hey you
can't have it you can pet it what are
you making Caleb I paint take a pancake
what kind of one Oh art well what's it
gonna look like oh my head oh this is
your head is that what he made aliens
his head you made a face so basically
it's okay oh there it is it's a person
oh my on it it's all the bottom my pizza
look a god
nailed it well we are in the drive-thru
line at chick-fil-a and I just placed a
mammoth drive-thru order but we're gonna
go eat with our family and it's gonna be
good
chick-fil-a delivery service what do
they do in return today they're building
the table
okay let's gonna help set up the table
some screws button here
washer right here on this hole the screw
in and start screwing it in so we're
loading up right after eating lunch with
Ashley and Travis and Michelle came over
with our kids I don't know about camping
tonight you guys it is it's still
looking really rainy all right well
apparently we're gonna be the party
house for this afternoon so I've got a
car little kids and Jeremy has our
smaller car with a carload of kids and
we're just gonna play this cousin time
is making me so happy like I'm all
pregnant and emotional so I keep like
starting to cry
Hey
so pretty much every day lately there's
been a new shipment coming in from
Amazon I'm stocking up like all of our
home school back-to-school stuff all the
curriculum and I'm gonna have to do a
major haul video at some point because
it has been fun
to get ready for school this year so it
feels a little bit like Christmas every
time I open these boxes because I can't
really remember exactly you like what
I'm expecting each day and so I open I'm
like oh there it is
check it out here's some books today and
this awesome thing this just finishing
putting a thumbnail and uploading a
video that's what I'm doing right now
while I'm opening boxes and all the kids
are downstairs all eight of them how
many kids do we have them I don't even
remember it's seven or eight oh well
row rows they're row row row row row row
row row
well we have survived this afternoon
with all the kids it was actually really
fun at one point I broke them up into
like buddies and had them play in like
different buddies of two for like ten
minutes and then we rotate and we played
outside we played inside we had a snack
we watched a show anyway
now the big kid and Jeremy are actually
packing up to go camping tonight which
is a big deal they're so excited it's
gonna be awesome so this is it for today
and tomorrow's vlog will be their
camping trip so we'll see you later okay
house out there's a bunny
there's a bug in there oh I think just
told me that he really likes the Puma
lunchbox but he doesn't like how it
sounds because we said it he has say the
word Pooh do do I hate this um you do a
lot
