there's a bug there's a bug in there Oh
No
so I think just told me that he really
likes to fool my lunch box but he
doesn't like how it sounds because when
he said it he has say the word poo dude
I say food um you do a lot myself a food
business and then there's stands a
podium and then this is where people
swim I wanted to put on speedos back and
find another one of these valiant lost
passage type of pub takes the vision of
a winner so Isaac decided to do a
stop-motion video with his lego Olympics
step 5 choose your superpower
superheroes don't just wake up one day
with amazing powers you must work hard
to discover your inner BAM boom pow
supersonic speed crash flirty and
Meramec after this yeah
invisibility oh hi flying it is hey guys
we're playing game we're throwing big
bags into the bucket
oh yes longer it is just one of the
audios like a special kind of special
make that wouldn't be the other stuff
but a special kind of spray is ready
right yeah something I can go
favorite kind of
look there
one second is good yummy so at least was
remembering when she came and got her
haircut for Locks of Love where it goes
to children who have cancer this is your
hair yes this came off of your head yeah
and she was saying she wants to do that
again sometime
how much longer do you think you have to
grow your hair out before you're there
maybe like oh yeah and yeah I really
like my hair short it's funny so Paul
question for today do you like long hair
or short hair on girls I think I prefer
short hair you like short hair mm-hmm
all right it is Isaac's turn to be my
little date that he's an old pro back
school like no big deal right that looks
awesome
pencil pouch decisions this one has lots
of packets which you like pockets what's
this one um minions minions are cool so
now we're picking out clothes and all
Isaac wants is athletic clothes which
makes sense because all he wants to do
is play sports all day but aren't those
are shorts you're wearing right now
so I want more those are he's wearing
him right now I wear them every single
time can I get all right
ooh I like this one Isaac what are you
can get this one at first I thought it
was actually a girl what just saying
well it's like here hold it up it's blue
and green oh but if you don't like it we
can do a different one I'll do a
different one violet Wow
I might have gone for the Superman if
it's blue but it's pink you're not
feeling the pink one yeah well lesson
learned here apparently lunchboxes
sellout so go get your lunchbox earlier
rather than later
everybody let's see if there's any
around the corner what I want most on
this section is a giant football I don't
think that's supposed to be there you
can't use that as a lunchbox there's
also these ones over here there's Puma
ones I don't know what that is is that
like a sports thing what just Puma a
sports thing no idea but I like it so I
think just told me that he really likes
the Puma lunchbox but he doesn't like
how it sounds because when he says it he
has to say the word poo really dude
wants a poop um you do a lot all right
we found a plain one what do you think
of this one I like that how much space
does it feel boring to you or do you
like that it's plain it is decision time
you think this one because of this
thingamabob you like that yeah all right
we're good wait what could I even attach
to that opinion I think you can attach
your lunch box to your backpack yes that
does look really weird without a head
well it's been really fun to take each
of the different kids shopping and just
really see their personalities come out
I think cracking me up with all this
stuff he's been saying and anyway we've
had a good time we did find some shirts
that we agreed on
run hard win big and show us the other
one all this one for ya
oh good pick it was a genius one but
they didn't have any for my size woman
you're so grown-up you just look so big
like crazy bomb
so my hands are empty he's such a
gentleman he's carrying all the bags for
me thank
yeah you had sweet-and-sour sauce all
over come to Panda Express the kids love
to try chopsticks
you get so
every time we rice at home it's a long
time of sweeping and cleaning up so one
of the things I love about coming here
is eating rice with the kids and not
having to clean it all up there's a bug
in there
oh no that's a little ant I don't know
dump it out all in the trash is it still
there dad I think sure just through
heard away yeah an ice older lady just
came up and told the kids that she was
very proud of them but how cooperative
they've been during the dinner and it's
true they've been very easy to be with
here and so I'm grateful for that good
job you guys you saying goodbye to the
nice lady right dance that we do know
some strange she's going in
