the kids are all helping where I clean
up the noodles can you open it so lunch
bowls were on sale at the store
yesterday and I decided just to get it
so we could have just an easy peasy
lunch and it gets you so excited about
it forget mine looks good buddy mmm
did you make that Laura Laura we eaten
one at a time sweetheart
mmm okay okay so you're eating all of
them together there you go just eat that
one first
yeah then you can eat the next one I can
make it by myself you can make the pizza
by yourself wow what a big girl you are
make shoes it's good well I have the
cutest little date this afternoon this
little guy and I are going back to
school shopping are you excited
have you ever been back to school
shopping before what are we gonna buy
for you I'm a backpack in some clothes
mmm and maybe a folder yeah and a pencil
case yeah
what are your potential cakes like a
little bag to hold your pencils first
stop we're choosing a pencil holder
what's that grid okay which kind you
like here's one that has the three rings
in it what you doing Caleb what do you
plan trial of general trying not to
touch any lines I remember playing that
game when I was bored shopping with my
mom there we go it does all right Caleb
that does look a little bit big for you
it has spider it has another faster I
think that one's a lunch box
you like that one why do you like that
one you have is like Isaac's play when
we went to put the backpacks back we
found more options Caleb when I show
them the one you found all right so
here's a blue army guy backpack he turn
around to give me an army face mm-hmm
okay
without Gallo on the green armies guy
you're getting to be a pro at this who
more big decisions but down to the final
three which one's gonna win and get to
come home and live at our house
do you like this way I can change
alright
well now he doesn't want to take it off
that's a good sign he likes it
next stop folders
like that one Kansas City changed
you think those ones all fit you
do you want some overalls yeah I was
kind of joking it fits just perfect all
right Caleb what shirt did you pick out
a Roy are you so excited yeah alright we
also grabbed him a long-sleeve shirt but
I wanted to have a hood I know we don't
always get what we want
I'm sorry bud okay all right you ready
to go uh-huh
all right you done shopping yeah so
elese could have lasted shopping with me
for hours this boy is already like I'm
done I'm done is that everything let's
go home
Caleb got to pick a little special treat
because it's a special date how do you
like it Philly's gonna do that yep
what keep it she and I went out to lunch
together
so you got to have a special treat how
do you like it
this Kendra was eating some lunch and I
look over and she takes a big drink of
water and water just like cascades down
hers a ton of ice in here and it's like
a block of ice kind of and it went up
and it went over flowing both sides it's
now rolling down my armpit and basically
Jeremy just want to get the camera to
make fun of me that's yes I struggle to
drink water there's some memories you
just want to remember this is one of
those memories so I was just coming down
the stairs and caleb was dragging up
this racetrack that he built yeah I knew
it a really ball on it let's see what it
can do
well I took Ely shopping yesterday and
we found this backpack and lunch box and
together they came to $32 today I was at
a different store with Caleb and we
found this frozen backpack and lunch box
and it's only twelve dollars and
eighty-eight cents for both things so I
decided to FaceTime elese and show her
the backpack and as soon as it popped up
she was like oh that's so cute I love it
and she said I love that it's frozen and
that they match with the lunchbox and
then I explained that it was cheaper and
asked her which one she wanted to do I
decided to let her make the decision and
she chose right away to do the cheaper
one she said no mom I'd rather save the
money and I'm gonna be just as happy
with that frozen one and it was just
really sweet to see her doing that you
know his parents were trying to teach
sound financial principles to our kids
that you know to save your money when
you can and invest it where it's the
most important and I'm just so happy
that she's genuinely content with this
one and I'm think she's gonna enjoy it I
found this
okay kiddo just give us all this stuff
back there so a library book fell back
behind and underneath Elise's bed so we
got Caleb to help us out yeah
turning library books well you guys
should be proud of me I successfully
limited myself to three bags I knew I
couldn't physically carry more than that
and so you see the kids is carrying a
bag and I've got a big bag we've got
some fun new books to be reading and it
was fun we ran into some friends at the
library and I just really enjoy going to
the library
so while Isaac was at the library he
picked up this book for Caleb what's it
about baseball
so Caleb has been begging to go out and
play what if I throw it up here good
catch whoa she's a little baseball
player you watched the ball
so at least what was your favorite part
of the day huh I think when we did this
challenge oh we did a challenge we
filmed a fun challenge today we'll be
showing it this weekend so you're going
to want to stay tuned for that you did
amazing tell them what the challenge was
you can't use your thumb
yep and no thumbs challenge so that's
going to be coming up well I love you
