Oh Caleb your room is looking super
clean what are you doing in here making
our church what's the church called
Church just called Church wow it's a
good name and dad can give me more
chairs so then some friends can come and
sit hey Dad will you speak at church you
want me to speak wha-what do you want me
to talk about about the Lord okay leave
food for the snacks
do you have snacks at your church yeah
tennis snacks
I need a goldfish mmm I'm definitely
coming to your church and I need
pretzels gummies and brats
whoa a marshmallows doughnuts oh yeah
pizza Wow
good morning I am feeling a little bit
better today it feels good to get up out
of bed and to be able to you know put my
makeup on and get dressed I even did my
hair see this like a little braid anyway
I was trying something new so I'm
excited to try to be working with the
kids on getting ready for back to school
we homeschool but there's still a lot to
do to get all that curriculum ready to
get our house ready to get you know just
our family ready and so yeah that's what
I'm working on today hey guys doing
doing afraid of cars it actually looks
like a parade I know can you guys come
to church sure here's the church
wait there as a you are gonna do the
piano at least you're conducting and now
he is just going to sit there waving
Emily's away now Isaac will play song
for us well I'm so grateful for how well
the kids are playing pretend and the
creativity they have I'm always just
surprised what they come up with every
single day what we decided to do our
back-to-school shopping today and I'd
say I want to take each kid one at a
time like kind of make it a special
little date so Elise and I are hitting
at Firehouse Subs and then we'll get our
shop and then
it's hot for stuffing yeah you like it
oh it is hot all right well we order the
steak and cheese with a light amount of
peppers and mushrooms and onions and
Elise is a little concerned about it
that's a way of inherited yeah what do
you think of this one yeah kind of girls
do want to try it
sure
pretty good yeah not so bad mm-hmm I'm
hoping I can stomach it - well this was
awesome at least my just have to sit and
visit and I asked her all about things
she's excited about for the coming year
and it's like a question she had and her
field trip suggestions and everything
and anyway we did enjoy our lunch it's
one of those times with like my brain
thought I wanted something and my tummy
was like I don't know about this
so that just happens when your person
Hey bless you painting
you
so we're going school shopping and I
need a outfit a school outfit and a new
backpack and a new lunchbox and a folder
and I think that's all and if you are
thinking why I need a new backpack in
the lunch box is because my backpack
zipper broke and I think for a lunchbox
that it's kind of too tiny so yeah all
right Lisi where you gonna go first
holder least to best so you're gonna
start with the one you're least excited
about yeah hmm you like the animal ones
hmm ah frozen all right miss Elise this
year you get to choose a pencil case
this one you like that one uh-huh how
did I know you were gonna choose that
one I don't know because it's I want to
have a time people come to my Olympics
did you set up an Olympics
all right you versed Laura you're gonna
get in do you need some help
uh-huh all right I'll be on your team
okay okay you hear catch me what you're
going down no you are let's race now
ready go shall we begin
I really want that so the big decision
for a lease is about the backpack so
we're not going to get her another new
backpack next year like this backpack
needs to last or two years so is she
still going to love frozen or next year
to like is it going to be a two year
thing
I really want this you want this one so
much so this is an Elsa backpack that
actually lights up I love it you love it
this is one of the trip all right Elise
has narrowed down the backpack choice to
these choices what are you thinking I
don't know
are you seriously tapping your foot it
is a hard decision I think that backpack
might be bigger than you darling
mmm she's like a little fashion person
she's narrowed it down to two choices
she's definitely going frozen this is a
tough decision she's really putting some
thought into it I'm really proud of her
she's trying hard all right so here's
the final decision the frozen backpack
and the purple lunchbox how you feeling
good okay let's go pick up some clothes
so I don't know how I feel about these
sparkly leggings Macy do you like the
sparkly ones yeah it's perfect
I try not outfit all right well we got
quite a few things I think this girl is
all set for school here's the load were
taken home well I'm really not feeling
well this afternoon I think I may have
pushed myself too hard this morning I
just it's so sad to be sick like with
this pregnancy I've been so sick and I
haven't been able to do what I normally
am able to do near the end of target I
was feeling super sick and we made it
out to the car and I actually started
crying in the car any lease was so sweet
like she reached over and reached my
hand like held my hand and she said mom
don't forget you can do hard things it's
gonna be okay I'm with you and Jesus is
with you always and it's gonna be okay
and it was just so sweet to see her
compassion for me when I was not feeling
good so Laura is admiring Elise's
backpack but she hasn't seen it special
effects yet there are special effects to
it this is beautiful it is beautiful huh
oh it's mine what do you think of this
one this is mine no this is Lisa's
lunchbox we're just showing you what she
got it's a good thing laura has older
sister okay lunchbox means going here
yeah and look at even unzips this thing
and it's even bigger
the fruits getting in here
yeah the food goes in there say cool
lunchbox me yes my love we'll keep
working on sharing I like this
so elese gets up to do a somersault in
the middle in gymnastics and Laura goes
no Lisi it ends like this
she does the like tug up so now she's
working on her landing sticking the
landing of the somersault you guys
watching the Olympics together there's a
Kayla Jackie
we've been watching a lot of the
Olympics around here it's just gotta go
