we go down without the string then now
fly you're gonna fly awesome
good morning friends so the kids have
been playing downstairs for about an
hour this morning and I wanted to come
check out and see what they've done
holy cow all right so what's this you
guys yeah did you guys build full
barricades
oh you got me
some people get security systems we
don't need that we have these fortresses
and barricades and balls to throw at
that good can you get through the
barricade yeah but we little we actually
have weapons in here any other back so
why did you build all this so we could
be more safe okay so they built a whole
barricade to protect against bad people
there's a ton of stuff in this rubble
getting gastrin I have another one thing
you know that does that same thing we
can both throw alright so the kids
wanted to test out their barricades here
we go
what did you mean is it that growing and
cheese it looks really yummy
what are you doing
well the kids barricade motivated us to
clean up down here in the basement and
to really put things in their right
places and if they don't have a right
place to make a right question
so we're sorting and organizing and
getting everything cleaned up down here
okay so we have most of the stories
sorted and now we're going to put it all
back you guys have been really good
helpers but if you want to like organize
the basement differently
so I love that when a space is organized
and clean you can use it so much better
and the kids are excited about playing
with other toys yeah you know
no me and Isaac just finished in piano
so now now we're going to the park with
dad there's a big hill on the way and
after we do that we're going to go back
to the park play hands up everyone with
the Ducks so it was down in the 70s
today so we had to get outside go play
at the park and I'm really surprised
there's nobody here I was expecting it
to be crazy busy we're literally the
only kids on the playground equipment
okay so we've had this kite for about a
year and we've never tried it so I
wanted to bust it up I think the last
time I flew a kite was several years ago
I think Isaac was really little and so I
wanted to try it out but it might not be
windy enough today like it's really
perfect weather
doing it it's up now you're going to
start releasing it
did it fly
yeah the kite was up in the air came
from here yeah anko it'll go even higher
can you dig again let's try it again
game throw a DD do they come
the caffeine
can they go down without this string so
then now fly you're gonna fly awesome
that's basically what happened with the
Wright brothers poll question for today
when's the last time you flew a kite
Kayla be ready to try good job buddy
this park reminds me of when we filmed
our first J house intro we did it right
here at this brush that was almost two
years ago
don't put your mouth on it okay just
drink the water oh I'll get a water
bottle huh so we were out here at the
park playing the kite and Ellie came up
she's one of our viewers and said hi and
these two were running really hard they
do cross-country is that right guys
country in fact Wow so they were
training they were running up and down
the hills out here well we were trying
to fly our kite they were running
circles
yeah so good job and keep up the good
work how's the suit Betty leg what we're
so grateful we have a really good friend
Laura if you're gonna get any ice cream
you have to eat your dinner all gone
okay yeah that's a long only if you eat
all your dinner well we're so grateful a
friend brought us dinner tonight and
Kendra has not been feeling good so
that's been a huge blessing hey my food
you want some ice cream
good night J house now do you like
watching the Olympics
do you know what the tune is for the
Olympic anthem did it do did did it is
