do you like watching the Olympics do you
know what the tune is for the Olympic
anthem did it is can you say Olympics
he's my kind of daba daba Doo it's cover
discover news turn hi what are the
Olympics it's a big sports antenna night
not a lot of countries get together and
play sports you don't have your glasses
on it looks so different yeah
where are they she's a sprinter if you
just found out that you want a gold
medal what would your face be like okay
so imagine that you just won a gold
medal what would your face be like so
happy and the newest winner of a gold
medal is Elise
you want to go around you the winner of
the gold medal is Isaac this gymnastics
whoa good job
if you had to pick between Summer
Olympics or Winter Olympics which one
did you pick winter because I get to do
ice skating
do you like Summer Olympics or Winter
Olympics better probably winter because
then they'll have to ice skate for this
morning
then I have to go
would you rather do this Summer Olympics
or the Winter Olympics don't it why the
Winter Olympics because they run so show
me you doing your favorite sport in the
Olympics
who do you think is the greatest
Olympian of all time I don't know I
don't even know some oh no any of the
people either Michael Phelps you Sean
bolt or Carl Lewis if you had to pick
between gymnastics and swimming which
sport do you like more you like swimming
do you like gymnastics you don't like
gymnastics um what's the Olympic anthem
the tune of the Olympic anthem did it
did didja to do good I think that's it
doo doo doo doo do you know what the
tune is for the Olympic anthem I always
hear after I'm watching our picks I
can't remember that dancer yeah mm-hmm
could you give me a hint down
doo-doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo
that's all I know from it doo doo doo
doo de doo about this which country do
you think is gonna win us what was that
okay I just got a hair something
something floating out there yeah did
you get it
who do you think is gonna win the 2016
Olympics only the guy that had a beer
and he came up on the first day
is that swimming so how many events are
there in the Summer Olympics a hundred
why I mean like how many different
sports are there in the Olympics like
ten eleven wait you think there's three
how many athletes are competing in the
Olympics like a hundred or something
Wow you think there's five look how many
athletes are competing in the Summer
Olympics I know how much for you I say
how many are in for you 500m 54 are you
synchronized swimming do you like
watching the Olympics what do you like
about it um that we're gonna watch a lot
of sports and learn them so I get better
at them do you like watching the
Olympics some of its boring do you like
watching the Olympics now you don't like
it yeah you like watching Masha it's a
fun Kurt
are you doing gymnastics
where are the Olympics out this year
Italy where is Italy I don't know what
language do they speak down there in
Italy I don't know French well food do
they in Italy where the Olympics are at
regular food like our food
where are the Olympics this year Rio de
Janeiro Brazil where is Brazil in South
Africa or the West
no eat no South Africa ah stop it South
America silly goose
where are the Olympics at this year Oh
shells which part in the South um
Patrick chases one my teacher says
Massachusetts
down in the South a great place for the
Olympics
what other countries are liked by Brazil
okay
you know what country the Olympics are
at I'm totally pregnant guys cuz I get
like I'm like so emotional like I'm so I
love the Olympics and I love our world
and it's coming back on I gotta go well
Jeremy and I have actually been talking
about baby names today and I think we
are mostly decided on a baby boy name
