I'm totally pregnant guys cuz I get like
I'm like so emotional like I saw
I love the Olympics and I love our world
and it's coming back on I gotta go well
Jeremy and I have actually been talking
about baby names today and I think we
are mostly decided on a baby boy named
morning guys
I woke up to a surprise that Kendra's
gonna be very disappointed about last
night she was craving muffins so I went
and got her these muffins at the store
and this morning I found this
those are pants with all the ants in the
muffins
you should have cleaned it up well I
I didn't think hands would get on it we
had it closed but I guess it wasn't
airtight no hey do you see the ants yeah
beginning counter buttheads they had to
I but ah I'm gonna have to go and get
some more muffins maybe so this gross
experience reminds me of a time when we
had a plate of cookies up on top of my
dresser in our bedroom and we had never
had ants up there this is like five
years ago and it was in the middle of
the morning or the night it was dark in
the room I can't remember and I went and
grabbed the cooking and took a couple
bites of it it tasted kind of funny when
I turn to the light it was covered in
ants so I definitely eat it yeah
did you actually eat someone to an yeah
no that was what was so gross was I knew
that the cookie I was eating tasted
different but um yeah it was crunchy and
gross good know you want to try one
remember blog when I hit my head I
definitely remember that one this is
what after when I was trying to make the
water is it like chalk powder yeah hey
Benny hmm you be super careful going up
the stairs today okay okay
well Jeremy and I have actually been
talking about baby names today and I
think we are mostly decided on a baby
boy named we'll see if that changes like
we still have 30 long weeks of pregnancy
ahead of us I could definitely change my
mind about it but we're undecided on a
middle name anyway
Isaac heard us talking about this and he
decided to get on our family history
records he's like I want to look in here
and see if we can find some good names
so I'm interested to see what his
suggestions are all right Isaac what do
you think is good for girls names
Amanda and Martha are those both in our
family history and then also I really
liked Elizabeth Emma and and those are
good names all right what do you think
for boy names Isaac and Karl your name
is Isaac yeah
Isaac Junior you can't have a little
brother named Isaac Junior
what other boy name see like Carl Nate
Nathan and Carl you think Nathan and
Carl would be good names all right well
we could definitely use help in the girl
name category so what we're looking for
is two syllable names all of our kids
have two syllable names Isaac Alise
Caleb and Laura for some reason we just
love like simplicity of two syllables so
if you could leave suggestions in the
comments below of simple girl names we'd
love to hear them oh then actually
Martha and Emma yeah cuz those are both
two syllable good job and Mary and Mary
do you have any other recommendations
for as lessee you know no other girl
names your interest like that Emily
maybe Emily's a very beautiful name you
have two aunts named Emily I think there
might be enough Emily's in our family
okay
what you doing playing the banjo uh what
are you calling it
manjong it's called the banjo we do not
have a banjo so pretty
Thanks
just a normal lunch here Isaac asked for
music on their kids I did a flip we're
enjoying just an afternoon snack out
here today okay Jason yummy yummy jelly
today
he'd usually cupcakes it's like a
strawberry bread no it's red cupcake
tastes kind of like cupcakes on yeah but
battery yeah so cup shows your outfit
I'm loving it today why'd you dress up
like that week I want to be a baseball
but it yeah looking like a baseball
player today thank Alice Stefan I can't
wash me man yep you got to wash your
hands when you're done okay I'm her
teacher are you her teacher and I was
staying letters ready for it and this is
how its words she could say she didn't
even say a really big word I will always
repent that's the biggest word she's
dead horses okay Wow I'll teach your
clocks work as a ding dong ding dong
ding that's Matt kibbe a pig what you're
doing well
Irish mention me okay you're brushing
your hair with that what is that
I have ash it's not a hairbrush what is
it Oh flora so I asked Laura to go grab
a hairbrush so that I could brush your
hair and she came back with a spoon it's
a clean spoon that's now a dirty spoon
silly girl
oh very nice all right so I'm cutting
the toenails of Elise this is my first
time to do this in a long time
when Isaac was a little baby I was
cutting his fingernails and accidentally
cut some of his skin and so I've asked
Kendra to do it for the last eight years
like I'm just barely coming back into it
so let me know in the comments is there
any job or something that you hate doing
so much because it's either gross or it
scares you let us know in the comments
because I thought they'd hear about it
but mom Laura's skin it's hard it's
scary because you want to get a good cut
but sometimes you're going fast and yank
Siddhant make a mistake
I don't got anything all right well I
made it through without cutting your
fingers so that's good well we'll keep
working on it okay you want to go to
dinner yeah let's go Laura loves french
fries should we get some more ketchup
okay so we're sitting here getting ready
to watch the Olympic opening ceremonies
as a family and I love the Olympics I
think it's cuz I'm so emotional because
I'm pregnant right now and I was telling
the kids about the Olympic relay and
about like the history of the Olympics
and about what a beautiful sign it is of
like humanity and the human spirit and
us all coming together and I just
started crying I'm totally pregnant guys
cuz I get like I'm like so emotional
like I'm so I love the Olympics and I
love our world and oh it's coming back
on
I love watching these the Olympic
performances let us know in the poll if
you were watching the Olympic opening
ceremonies we're gonna watch it though
now so Jay House out so I don't often
show the super messy parts of our house
but they are there
