and just today with what we've been
doing we're gathering about 600 pounds
of peaches or more so I don't often show
the super messy parts of our house but
they are there
so we're out today with an organization
called after the harvest and what they
do is they come out and they get the
food that's not being used and take it
to the food pantries that are here in
the Kansas City area was that a bad one
yeah okay don't hit people so one of the
best ways to get the peaches down is to
just shake the tree thanks my years of
dance just kidding
me shaking to get the peaches down bud
let's go to another tree soon okay so
this reminds me when I was a kid our
friends had peaches and we went and
picked a ton of them and we would mash
up the peaches boil it into this syrup
and then lay it out to dry in the Sun
and we had peach leather like a peach
fruit roll-up so at least you know who's
going to use this food yeah there's
people in our area that don't have food
and they can go to that's still good
yeah they can cut off that little part
that's bad look at all the peaches you
got
this one actually acts good to you well
that's what we're looking for so after
my mom and dad were divorced and when I
was in high school my mom married a
rancher and it was incredible the hard
work lessons that I learned of going out
all day long building fence or rounding
up the cattle and it just gave a whole
new perspective of hard work and I know
we don't have a big ranch but I want to
make sure my kids get those lessons in
hard work try not to step on them but
find the good ones and pick them up so
after the harvest is the organization
that's sponsoring this and they they've
had over 2,500 pounds of food this week
they go and find the food that isn't
going to make it to the grocery store
and make sure that it can get to the
people who need it at the food pantries
here in the local community and so we're
just really excited that we get to help
out and be a part of it and just today
with what we've been doing we're
gathering about 600 pounds of peaches or
more hmm
is it good a little sour well it'll get
more ripe over time clean it up
this is juicy try a bite of this one
elese is that sweeter than yours was oh
you want more
Oh
it's kind of like at the store yeah and
that one would have just been thrown
away no one would have eaten it would
have just rotted I was really proud of
Isaac - when they came and told us that
we were done Isaac said I want to work
more this is fun
so I don't often show the super messy
parts of our house but they are there
like I'm a person that really likes to
you know keep my kitchen clean and try
to just you know keep it clean enough to
live but behind the scenes like
sometimes behind the closets there's a
mess and right now this is my big mess
look at that this is in my master
bedroom look at that so if you guys
remember Elise's glasses broke recently
I actually broke them on accident and
they're currently hot glued together so
we need to order her some new glasses
I'm gonna be getting them online and so
I'm gonna show her the options I'm gonna
say two choices uh-huh so here's your
choices Lee see which one is your
favorite I like this one you like that
one all right well today I'm tackling a
big project I am trying to get our house
really organized I know you guys have
seen me working on little projects here
and there we have for coming on five
kids and Jeremy works from home and we
homeschool we're all in this space all
the time and so it's really important to
me but I can figure out you know where
things go and where I want them to go
and kind of get our house working for us
instead of against us so we are tackling
our downstairs bathroom closet is huge I
am amazed at all the stuff that was in
there so here's Susan she's helping me
and here's all of our games and Porter
cribs and air mattresses and I can't
believe this all fit in there and now I
have to decide what we're keeping what
we're getting rid of lots of decisions
so it's really funny to go through with
Kendra night together trying to decide
one to throw away or donate just we
lessly disagree he's like let's donate
that were like no let's keep it it's
like listen keep this on my phone so I
apparently got this for Kendra on our
first Valentine's Day because she loves
puzzles and I and so he actually even
did the puzzle with me that was the part
that really mattered I think we like
watched a romantic comedy and did a
puzzle I blocked that completely from a
memory I don't love puzzles but but you
got me good poll question for today do
you like doing puzzles let us know in
the poll here's the baby's bed and I'll
get her pillow okay the baby can't sleep
you're making it for the baby oh my yeah
all right well I've got two big bags Oh
heavy bags of donate tiles and now I got
to show you the closet look at this
closet all nicely organized in there yes
so while cleaning through one of the
areas we rarely go mad a bunch of water
water guys there's not supposed to be
water under there yeah we're gonna have
to get that fixed hmm so I think I
figure out what happened this nozzle
there's probably a real name for those
things it was totally loose an ejector
joint the connector Roeder girder
anyway I tightened it maybe that will
fix it
throwing all the chalk tonight for
dinner I'm just cooking a freezer meal I
got this out of the freezer this morning
it's a chicken pot pie and I'm going to
put it into my pie tins and put this
pre-made crust on top of it so it should
be easy quick but homemade chicken pot
pie
oh so I think it was over a year ago
that we got this wobble and we just had
it stored away and Caleb went down and
started pumping it up with Isaac's help
and it's a fun toy
nor can you kick it
goodnight Junior Seau
