that baby bum I think
morning friends we are cleaning out the
garage today so the difficulty with
cleaning out the garage is that
everything in here is here because I
think there might be a time or kendra
thinks we might need it sometime in the
future and that's like the hard part
with hoarding is you don't want to get
rid of something you might use but i
need to just throw a lot of this stuff
out how are you gonna do some
rollerskating no I'm getting it whatever
I have to move I can just roll so you're
going to do that while riding your bike
that sounds safe
how are you gonna stop that's kind of a
problem you want to go down the big hill
while Jeremy is cleaning the garage with
the kids this morning I am tackling the
kids bathroom closet basically we just
stuff stuff in there and it's the closet
that like when you open the door you
hope nothing falls down I think we could
fit a lot more stuff in here if we were
just more careful and deliberate about
where we put stuff let's see if I can
get it cleaned up all right now he's
just trying rollerskating
I need a go go and run some errands
all right so poll question for today do
you have a garage and do you actually
use it for your car or vehicle let us
know in the poll so I'm so excited I've
been ordering tons of home school
curriculum and this package I actually
ordered yesterday morning and the
estimated shipping time was like three
to five business days so I assumed I'd
see it like next week and it's here this
morning like that's amazing I love that
feeling when something arrives sooner
than you expect it in the mail like it's
like a Christmas excitement oh my
goodness
Laura did you find did you find the
winter box girl it's like 95 degrees out
here
is he getting his jacket on too
only donating ours we are coordinating
everything over here guys I'm so excited
we got a big pile upstairs in this pile
downstairs like just get it out of my
house like I'm just wanting to clean
house and these are donate pile you want
any of it let us know just kidding we're
gonna donate it it's hard Jeremy and I
are both people that we like to you know
pull everything out and look deep clean
like really dig in spend as much time as
needed but our life isn't like that like
often we only have like certain chunks
of time so we only had two hours to work
on the garage today so we did our best
knowing that another day soon we're
gonna pull it out and do another two
hours so we're just kind of trying to
tackle our organizational things in
chunks and you know be patient like it's
not going to be perfect in one time like
we're just gonna do our best and make a
dent and the next time we'll make a
bigger dent and the next time we'll make
a bigger dent we just have to keep at it
so I totally think I'm starting to show
which makes me feel a little crazy like
I'm not even ten weeks how can I
possibly be showing yet but this is my
fifth baby and I've heard you show
earlier with every baby I just whoa
anyway look at this I don't know if you
guys can even see off to get Jeremy to
come hold the camera for me so look is
that a baby bum I think I thought I was
going crazy the last couple nights but
this morning I'm like no that's real
somebody just woke up from her man you
say good morning the kids have been
playing over different tests so we're
gonna go pick them up should we go get
the kids
Oh where's the keys do you know my keys
are right there they are can you get him
for me there's such a helper oh you're
gonna pick them up here so he can help
you goof well our homeschool curriculum
has been slowly arriving and I've been
opening up boxes and going through stuff
and it's it's really exciting for me as
a teacher to be able to get things set
up for the school year and anyway one of
the books that I opened is logic of
English essentials and this is what I'm
using for Isaac this year for reading
grammar vocabulary and spelling so it's
kind of all of English stuff put
together and it's what's really cool
about this program is that it's
multi-level so this one book can be used
for lots of different levels so there's
a placement test in the beginning that I
need to use with them to see if I'm
going to be doing a level a level B or
level c with him so that's what we're
sitting down to you today now he's doing
this spelling a portion of the test
nope nope I know what it looks like
sergeant's have to
the next word is costume massive
subterranean audience all right good job
I can you don't wear the clothes that
tuck there at the end isn't it here is
Isaac spelling test you're amazing at
spelling those were really hard words we
were really grateful because they gifted
us these programs they asked if we
wanted to use them and if it would be a
good fit for our family and we said yes
so I'm just like tickled pink about it
so thank you watch it in English we're
eating dinner and Laura just said the
cutest little prayer she pointed to each
thing on her plate and blessed it
individually she had a lot more tater
tots at the time but it was really
adorable so this meal is cool it's the
meat that we cooked yesterday in the
crock pot and used in the chimichangas
that I accidentally burn but then the
next day you can make sliders out of the
meat and so it's a cook once eat twice
meal we can get them to buy milk and
bananas and what else do you think we
need from this store pet so yeah chew
play Oh food that's a good idea
well we're out of milk and that is
always a good sign that we need to go to
the grocery store so I think Jeremy's
gonna run with the four kids and pick up
just a few things from the grocery store
right and I am going to go through a
bunch of the back-to-school supplies and
keep working on getting school ready
shall we begin
- going shopping
not the biggest part I loved taking the
kids back to school shopping I really do
it's fun to let them pick out a new
outfit and get whatever else they're
needing like a lease needs a new
backpack this year
Isaac needs a new lunchbox so I'm going
to be able to go and let them also pick
out some folders like specialized stuff
but for the bulk of the school supplies
it's honestly less stressful if I just
go and get it done myself and that way I
can also have some surprises for them so
yeah I'm going to unpack these dads and
show you guys what I got
thank you you're welcome you aren't one
yeah so we've said this before but we
love Ivy because they give cookies to
the kids while my hair shopping and the
kids love it all right well here's my
stash so far I was really proud of
myself because this year before I went
shopping I actually went through all of
our crafts supplies so that I know what
we were out of and needed more of and
what we didn't need more of for example
I think maybe like a ten year supply of
staples but we're completely out of tape
so I knew to stock up on tape and I knew
I could just walk right by the staples
so here's what we got we got um oh and I
also know that I have to get four of
pretty much anything I get Laura is not
officially in school but she's
definitely old enough to know that if
everybody else that's blue stick she
needs a glue stick dude yeah turn it
with your
Oh
this was my big splurge item um I got my
cell phone laminator
I'm really excited last year I did
several laminating projects that I had
to do and I just borrowed a laminator
from my sister-in-law which was so nice
of her but I've already come across some
things I mean--it laminate this year and
I decided it was time to be an official
home school mom I need my own land so
anyway thanks for letting me show this
to you guys it was a good distraction
from my sickness that I'm feeling
tonight so I got to put this away
because a lot of it I don't want the
kids to see before school starts so I'm
gonna put early okay are you giving me a
massage
happy I want to feel it do my shoulders
oh so gentle and then go back I think
she said Jay how's that I think so too
this is either gonna be strawberry
banana or a dead fish oh my goodness
