this is either going to be strawberry
banana or dead fish oh my goodness good
morning friends we have the tree people
out to cut down our dead tree it's going
to be kind of a big undertaking do you
want to watch so do you want to know
what they're going to do so they're
going to put a notch at the base of the
tree and lay the tree flat down into our
yard and then they're going to drag it
back into the woods
kind of I bet it is gonna be wet because
it's they're just going to knock it over
they'll probably use chain saws
you
Oh Caleb you feeling nervous about it
you don't like loud noises huh no why do
they have to deliver so that the tree
doesn't fall on you guys it's a dead
tree we're trying to cut it down
was he dead it died it had a disease in
it it died what how did how did trees
get disease there are certain diseases
that spread for certain kinds of trees
and this one was an elm tree and there's
a certain disease that killed
pepper came out to to help out with the
tree Isaac and at least wanted to get a
better look of the tree coming down
there it comes you guys
oh I wasn't too loud huh how did it ring
what did you think of that yeah
like they're not gonna trees down oh
maybe a little should they get more
trees
we're gonna browse we got them to leave
up for stumps so we can make little
chairs for the kids if we need a fifth
one later they're out in the woods so we
can grab one so pretty
what you should do
I was thinking we could like build and
while we think about it we head on we
could be on the trampoline you getting
your tools out you wanting to work with
this wood so this morning Jeremy put a
dinner in the crock-pot for our family
which is awesome the only problem that
we're having is that it smells so strong
to me because I'm pregnant and I just
every time I walk into the main room or
anywhere in the house like it's making
me really really sick so it is a really
strong smelling meal it's a roast with
green chilies and it's an amazing meal
but it's a strong smell so are you going
we're taking it to a nice neighbor who
said we could cook it over there so it
wouldn't have to smell over so yeah I
just texted a neighbor and was like I
know this is really random question but
can my crock-pot cook at your house
today and so she's being really nice and
Jeremy is taking over there and so
hopefully when I don't smell something
cooking I'm more likely to be able to
eat it so hopefully I'll be able to eat
it tonight
our state is actually a primary election
and so I'm taking my kids with me and
we're going to go up
you
so we have a walnut tree here and it's
seeds drop like balls all through our
yard and I'm always having to get rid of
them and it's really hard work all right
so I just picked up a crock pot from our
neighbor and I'm going to be assembling
the chimichangas at my maker well I was
broiling and I was distracted doing
another thing and I come back and I
burnt it I think that I can salvage it
by like scraping some of the blackness
off and I actually don't mind it like
that but I'm feeding a lot more people
than myself so a little bit of a bummer
so full question for today have you ever
burned something before when you were
cooking and I would love to hear these
stories in the comments it'll make me
feel better
well that'll work so Isaac what was your
favorite part of the day um I probably
liked playing in the sprinklers with
Luke how about you Caleb what was your
favorite part of the day playing was
looping the sprinklers on the trip I
just loved it did that and go hear my
scream maybe maybe not
most steam blast mom okay thank you
quadrant you want some water
see if she can do this without getting
water all over herself
oh good job yeah you're still dry this
is I can be good my favorite part of the
day was playing with Allison and doing a
fashion show how did you do that over
there
we're gonna do a little challenge so our
friends came over to play and they
brought with them the game the bean
boozled challenge so we're going to be
doing that this is either gonna be
strawberry banana or a dead fish oh my
goodness
I really wish I we're gonna I don't want
God fish are you sure did it disgusting
takes a minute sometimes nah it's good
dang it every time if you go back and
watch our bean boozled challenge Isaac
did I think it was 9 or 10 rounds with
never getting one of the groceries so
all right Elise government so it's
either caramel corn or moldy cheese it
monie cheese
this is either tutti frutti or stinky
socks let's see it smell like stinky
sock either juicy pear or booger Easter
which one did you get okay
barf or peach impasto been booger the
barf one is really bad unlucky is barf
or peach its peach either good fish or
every man's head let's see tissue it up
Oh more interesting of gross - she
almost eat yeah she likes dead fish she
is it good
haha yeah must not be good bitch knocks
you want to try it you ready not Knox's
check this out tutti frutti tutti frutti
really he's like do I dare didn't go for
it man maybe good smells bad yeah it
smells like choice Austin shot let's see
the mom test yeah
yeah okay saurons going for it this is
rotten egg or buttered popcorn it's
right popcorn he got it that was awful
it's quota that ones getting the gag
reflex alright that spoiled milk or
coconut is this one peach or barf oh no
I don't want to have you woken up okay
saurians going to try it in your place
yeah birth is terrible we finally got a
bar that one's got to be peach or barf
said barf
well it's fun to have our neighbors
Kiley and soar and come over it just
made for a fun evening so now you got to
clean up this mess and that's it for
today Junior Seau Elyse came in
trembling that a big snake was right by
her
you
