the lease came in trembling that a big
snake was right by her
so what are you doing for testing you're
forecasting it's gonna rain and thunder
today and there's no chance of a tornado
and what's the dew point where our dew
points
I haven't really figured it out there
all right thanks for the forecast
weatherman Caleb it might be a little
hot for pants today bro do you need
shorts yeah
we're doing trash today and our jobs are
like putting the treasure in the big
trash can outside so you help them with
the - I need someone to get bags and
shirts shaking the bag
push the air on this
we got it within one dissin sex
alright before we take everything out I
need all these trash cans put back where
they go you want to help Laura that one
goes in my bathroom
is it raining out there you guys a
little yeah not that much anymore okay
you want to help me with the trash job
it's warm hey you're right like rain
collegiate yeah you know it's not
raining hard when it right it's hard oh
come back inside
thanks for helping you guys you know I
like a good job yeah thanks for helping
well this morning I had another baby
doctor's appointment and I got my blood
drawn and yeah everything's looking good
I told them that I'm feeling a little
bit better with the medication and so
yeah that's awesome now I get to make
myself a lunch
I'm having a rotisserie chicken with
provolone cheese on it croissant with
chips this is my favorite kind of chips
right now sour cream and cheddar I think
it's all good we're doing a workout
station
push it big girl push it
basically here give you back down okay
it's amazing what they come up with when
we just let them play down here for 30
minutes so during quiet time today
Elise made paper dolls this is princess
elese wait that's mommy
nice Laura and baby whatever her name is
whoring him is it a baby boy or a baby
girl baby girl oh are you just guessing
uh-huh I hope it's a girl because I'm
gonna be sitting back both babies mm-hmm
in the car yeah alright so there's our
little paper doll family that looks
really nice and easy uh-huh so we're
playing a game called little town and
there's a library and different places
and there's also Bank where you get your
money and you can save up to get stuff
and I right now have a few anchors of
land you have a few wide acres anchors
of land you know they're actually called
acres acres there we go
and then also I have some babies here's
your baby um
Oh decent Laura Baker your son Bri has a
car on a motorcycle baby is like 18 new
18 and I'm still in his family that's
why I'm right really close by him yeah
we both have her I had to get $300 to
buy my own how did you get your money to
buy your own house that's the baby magic
touch it um three hundred times
210 220 232 on your important looks like
we're gonna have to reinforce that you
don't come by money as easy as touching
your noodle do want to mow the lawn to
get some money yeah
real money do you guys won't help me
move the trampoline oh why we have the
people coming to cut the tree down today
we have we have a dead tree that's going
to get cut down and so I need to move
the trampoline
well this afternoon while the kids are
playing outside I am going through some
junk drawers and I'm trying to declutter
and purge and I'm really feeling this
desires we're getting ready to get back
to school to get my whole house
organized and that's a big task but I'm
doing it just a little bit at a time so
today I decided to tackle these two
drawers which I should have thought to
film up before but here's a whole bunch
of stuff from out of it and yep I'm just
going through and so far this is the
trash pile so that's pretty good and
yeah I don't know what I'm gonna do with
the rest of it yet but it was pretty
messy in there open the other one look
guys it know you can like see your stuff
because there's not too much junk in
there so when I was going through the
drawers I found all the kids coloring
books and so they're hanging out and
coloring well Laura is no longer
coloring she kept like picking up other
people's crayons and tearing their pages
and so she ended up just going and
playing in her room by herself and we're
all happy about that and these kids are
able to play nicely Caleb has some nice
work on your police car as beautiful
lise Thanks
I looked very hard at Felix I was one
hour you think so
well we're so grateful we helped some
friends that brought us dinner tonight
with Kendra not feeling well and they
brought some ice cream for dessert
rocky road with cones the kids are super
excited poll question for today if you
had to choose between a chocolate based
ice cream or vanilla based ice cream
which would you pick let us know in the
poll mine
I'm having it like a real one
rocky road is so good Lord just make
sure that's getting you on your face
okay come on my rocky road has not yep a
big snake the lease came in trembling
that a big snake was right by her
there's the big snake right by my it was
aha was that so scary just watch how
they move its Mesmer so incredible you
guys catching fireflies
so Kendra's not feeling well but she is
nesting early we have decided that I am
pre nestea um she's cleaning out
everything house to be organized so I
was like Jeremy I don't feel good I'm
gonna clean up the pencil draw right
there it is
now I just have to figure out how many
pens do we actually need 1/2 those don't
work I know that's the other problem
Jake a stop
