that is awesome you did that
good morning friends so since kendra has
become pregnant it's messed with a lot
of our normal routines and one of those
things is shopping Caleb just pooed in
the toilet
good job buddy anyway so we don't have a
good job but I'll be there it's second
I'm getting a important announcement
from Caleb sorry we're out of milk okay
buddy I better I better go investigate
all right this morning we are having an
awesome Lego activity at our house loads
of kids and it's a motorized robotics
Lego activity it's an organization
called play well is coming and putting
it all on so I just need to sit back and
enjoy and watch the kids she's getting
it right now but one of our fire alarms
is tripping and I'm trying to figure out
which one cuz it's gonna drive me crazy
if it keeps going on guys don't hear it
we just have to find it but luckily it's
going off in the morning instead of like
2:00 a.m. that's when it usually goes
out hopefully we have one of the
batteries on him that will smoke me up
oh did that wake you up this morning
they woke me up at 5 o'clock and then
I'm going back to sleep I woke up at 8
so I hacked it ready really fast oh my
goodness know what everyone's
instruction yeah that's exactly right
like bilities if you're building some
kind of building so kind of so in
engineering when we talk about moving
things we things that move on their own
we tend to call it mechanical all right
so this is a table we applied a lot of
so the first project the kids are doing
is a motorized gondola and they're
getting all their pieces collected and
getting ready to fill them Caleb what
are you looking for an axle so let's see
if we can find a boom we try over here
buddy
did you find what you're looking for
my dad really died
oh no not to check it out I never get it
it's just been dead
oh no so he's gotten his whole structure
done on a dead battery
just kind of like this will just bounce
flip your switch nice work Easton that
is awesome you did that dude
I love this slide you see you did
awesome
please can we keep well we couldn't find
or we didn't have the battery that goes
into the fire alarm so we're coming to
pick that up I have a little helper with
me can you shop in alright well we got
the batteries and some of the other
things that we've been desperately
needing oh I just stepped in gum Oh
the motor like this if it turns on is
just going to turn orange part it so I'm
going to turn anything else yet what can
I use down here to help it turn
somewhere this little red the red piece
this is actually an axle tell me what is
the base all right their next project
they're building is a motorized car the
same way also lorry getting some plates
motor well this has been going so well
I'm really glad that we decided to hire
this company to come out they do like
birthday parties and they do just like
Lego like workshops at schools and stuff
and so when I heard about them and knew
we were doing our Lego camp I was like
this would be a great finish for it you
know I don't know anything about
motorized Legos don't know how to teach
that to the kids and so we got a big
enough group of kids together that we
were able to register to have a class at
our house
what the hell
I love it
oh man they give their kid cover feel
better here he's saving us from the
torture I'm the chirping everybody the
trooping is gone so the kids are playing
lego city and they're all have their
cars with their different jobs and
apparently there was a car crash and so
then they had to have like a little
court hearing about who is at fault with
witnesses and there's an ambulance
please
car this is serious we're taking
pictures of all the kids and their cars
and their gondolas because they have to
take them apart in that sad form so
we're taking their picture and texting
it to all the mom well we're so thankful
for David and Ollie did with the kids he
was really great with them and this is
just a lesson to all of us that you
really can find jobs out there where you
get paid to play yeah that's amazing I
need to play with Lego for a living yeah
all right well now we are driving
everybody over to another friend's house
for the next activity so basically it's
like a giant school bus back here you
guys say hi hi oh where is he where is
he Oh serious so my friend got candy
Legos that the kids are trying to build
animals out of before they eat Kayla
you're supposed to be building with them
not
nice Valley it's a great looking horse
it's so funny the kids naturally divide
to a boys table and a girl's table so
kids are all cozied up we're gonna watch
our stop-motion movies first it should
be good there it is
here's our video
all right well we're homing in and after
all of this Lego week of fun after all
of the adventures we get home and the
first thing Isaac says to me is mom can
I get out the Legos like that's all I
want to do right now is play Legos so
that's awesome it's been a really fun
week like every year I'm like oh summer
camp there's so much work like maybe we
shouldn't do this anymore
and then the week just goes by and it's
just amazing and every year I'm like
okay that was really worth it we're
gonna have to do it again next year so
us moms are actually already talking
about next year summer camp and what
theme we should have so in the comments
below let us know what theme you think
we should do for next year's summer camp
all right whoa there's like a spider web
on the camera
here's your spider web on the camera
whoa okay so in other news we are going
to a pool party right now it's a pizza
pool party which I believe personally is
the best variety of a pool party so yes
a little bit of a belly flop hey Mike
heads up Hey Dude how's it going just
relaxing what a big girl
oh you're jumping okay jump to Daddy but
wait don't jump on top of Caleb the boys
jumping in together
yeah
I love your song let's go eat some pizza
dude what did you get on yourself I
think that's the butter
holy cow let's clean it off well I think
Jeremy's been too much fun I think he's
attracted like every kid in the pool I
think the game is they like chase him
down
maybe he's trying to escape them
I figure the game out
did you man
well that's such a better workout then
going to the gym but you come out with
some stars there likes flying at you or
something
I think someone bit me he's joking he's
joking he enjoyed it and those are all
kids that we know those are the summer
camp and the friends here at the pool so
we're driving home dancing in the car
and all of a sudden I hear Laura's low
voice dad look a sunset and the Sun is
setting and it was just so sweet because
if you know Jeremy he absolutely loves
sunsets and I love that the kids all
know that about him like even a little
too old Laura sees a pretty sunset and
she thinks of her dad dad look a sunset
and I just I think they're gonna grow up
with that like you know 30 years from
now 60 years from now they're gonna see
a pretty sunset and it's going to remind
them of their awesome well it was my mom
and loved sunsets
so was it yeah I didn't know that it's a
granny Joe thing being passed down good
night dear Sal
