so the kids are working on their lego
movie and you want to just barely move
her hand so it's not a big movement
all right this morning it is Jeremy nice
turn to host Lego summer camp and I'm
really excited we planned some fun stuff
and it's going to be an awesome day row
the next front row bananas grow bananas
grow grow bananas peel bananas peel peel
bananas eat bananas my mother this is my
car and I was gonna fall instructions
that the structions were too hard for me
hi kara mankai yeah it's a choo-choo
train in Lego cars drive yeah and your
Lego cards ooh yes
what a throw
Isaac is going through the obstacle
course so your team is going to come up
with two ways that that toy is similar
to Legos and two ways that they're
different so Caleb how is that toy
similar to Legos stick together
dangerous Wow and you go under lava what
this is the slide you go under lava
that's intense
all right ready so you're going to take
your motorcycle and you're going to
drive right through the track okay and
then you can make whatever design you
so fun she decided to put her hands in
it clean those hands off
skim off the part it wouldn't departed
for the gummies you see that
hey about your Chow not yet they got a
dry
I got a cool-down you need to taste them
hey we can taste these ones in just a
minute
and look there it is so what you do is
you push from the bottom and you peel it
out how long does that take five hours
that's why we made some last night so we
can eat it and then tomorrow you guys
meet our guys sticky huh
oh you're going for the big one because
this one I'm gonna eat all right the
next activity that we're going to do is
build pennyvos okay have you guys ever
made any boats before alright
all right so here's the idea yesterday
you guys built bridges to try to see how
strong they could be and support pennies
right well today you're going to try to
build boats that can hold pennies
without sinking and we're going to see
whose boat can hold the most pennies
actually we did it before but not with
the window did it float or do you want
to see if 50 can go in and help 50 see
if it'll hold more this one's pretty you
made a pretty boat yeah hey Laura stick
it on okay let's see if it'll hold 100
okay we're gonna try to get one more
she's good hmm it's again go ahead and
grab one so the pink ones are watermelon
flavor they taste just like a watermelon
Jolly Rancher they're really good all
right you guys ready for your first
challenge hey wait what are the team
names
what are your team names down there the
dominators Lego Legos all right the
challenge is the first team it's a race
to build a tower out of your legged all
of the Legos you have to use all of the
Legos to build your Tower
so we took an equal amount of Legos we
froze them at different layers within a
big block and whoever can build the
tower first after getting the Legos wins
Hey okay walk out
hi we got a pool oh the ice I'm
who's gonna win you're not done yet
who's gonna win oh it's frozen oh you
guys barely took second everyone one
event the Legos not any yet but you have
your chance to redeem yourself okay hey
forgot VI here's the next game I will
give each of your teams a bag of Legos
then whichever team can get the Legos
all of the Legos through the noodle to
the other side first wins she's blowing
alright if you put too many in at a time
it'll get jams so you got to do one at a
time all right we're almost done
all right the score is now one-to-one
who's ready for our next game all right
they're all getting into their swimsuits
for this next one go if you drop it you
have to go and get e win
Oh
everyone's getting really close who's
gonna be the champion only one more left
they're all out of the bucket and the
ceremonial dump on the coach
Oh
well we survived the morning of summer
camp
I'm exhausted that the kids had an
awesome time so now this afternoon
they're working on their challenge for
summer camp tomorrow which is to make a
Lego stop-motion video which my kids
have never done before so I just sat
down and showed them the app on my phone
and kind of explained the concept and
now I'm just letting them loose so we
will just see what they create do you
guys have any ideas about what you're
gonna do for your video oh-ho luck will
be fun mine area salad Elsa so Isaac
what do you think should be in the movie
I think it should be funny and just like
a normal Lego life
normal Lego life Caleb what do you want
to see in the movie um I wanna have me
coming in on like you think you should
say under bands in the movie yeah so I
cut a paddle so the kids are working on
their lego movie and they've made a
couple Lego movies but there were some
basic principles I wanted to show them
to help them with improving on them like
just keeping the camera still we're
having a story now move on his hand
again then you want to just barely move
her hand so it's not a big movement
Caleb you are good at your job you're
doing awesome
all right well I got a nap and
apparently the kids made some fun movies
yeah and then we're gonna make another
one I'm gonna make this bead slower so
you guys can actually see what's like
happening that's actually pictures how
does it make a movie it just goes fast
mm-hmm
Josh oh you guys what happened and I'll
be telling you this so Batman comes up
and on didn't know that he was bad so he
here and then all the fat he was like
what he looked back and forth and he was
like oh I want to do that too then his
butt started running random and they
bowed out guys that's really good so he
Lee's just made one of the most creative
pieces of art out of Legos I've ever
seen yeah good night dear cell
