Oh picture clean your room this morning
buddy
make sure to cut this one in half cuz
this one they taste better come now yeah
alright we're here for another day of
summer camp and today the kids are
learning how Legos are made and then I
think we're making chocolate Legos we're
gonna eat the Legos we're gonna heat the
chocolate Legos
are you so excited
okay now you put it in its pot good job
good job
yeah we're gonna let it cool off so we
can go eat it later the kids are making
homemade like marble drops with pool
noodles and duplo's
my work team dad keeper go oh bring it
around
oh oh oh my dad did it go down okay good
job time just in case one cell that
needs to be a little closer
alright the kids are doing a team lego
building activity so garrett is building
something and then he has to describe
the feel of how to build it without
Kayla getting to see it putting up
runners on the corners of the new one
okay I'm behind it's harder than it
looks I don't know I can do I know - its
- it's this way Wow yes
oh good shot do they have a trampoline
so they're building bridges to see how
many pennies they can support look at
what a strong bridge this is guys oh who
did this one yeah everybody good job one
of the favorite parts of summer camp is
that we all get to eat lunch together so
the kids all pack their lunch and then
the moms have a lunch and it's just a
great time with friends let's have
strong make Ethan okay
so you're eating your chocolate Lego
uh-huh is it pretty good mmm it's a real
thing it's not a real Lego buddy it's
chocolate it looks like one it does are
you gonna eat one what John looks real
listen so we get in the car and Jeremy
says man I have two pairs of sunglasses
and now they're both broken and I look
over and I didn't realize how broken he
meant look at it I always buy really
cheap glasses and they always break I'm
too afraid to get legit ones but maybe
that's the answer is to just spend money
like a pirate or something
apparently we have some class problems
our family
alright well today's Lego challenge is
Lego cars and the kids all are supposed
to create a car that can move and will
use it for a really fun activity
tomorrow how's the Lego cars going beep
beep coming through are these windows on
the side yeah
and bezel and these are the doors right
Caleb what are you making I'm making a
motorcycle whoo alright how's your Lego
car coming good I want I want to make a
name for it like maybe the dream dream
dream team all right here's Caleb's
motorcycle ready to give it a test run
you as fast
all right we have been working hard we
made homemade Lunchables for lunch
tomorrow so the kids lunch is all packed
and done we did dishes Isak sweeping
right now I made dinner luckily as a
freezer meal so it didn't take too much
time there it is um Jeremy's been mowing
the lawn the kids have been helping me
just left and right with every activity
so now while dinner is cooking we're
going to get to finish our lego food
creation that we started yesterday which
color are you gonna do Laura ah red all
right Lexi grab the red food coloring
all right now Laura you can stir it up
you need help
what is it nope we can't eat it we're
gonna use it to decorate stir it up Dora
yes all right Caleb what color are you
gonna do um we'll add some blue in there
those gone maybe we just have to shake
it mmm you're right it is gone
let's hope mommy's got some extra well
we are out of blue food coloring but I
was able to pry the top off of it I
poured just a dab of milk inside of it
shook it up I think this might work
we need a little Meaghan norik well
light blue is beautiful also all right
let's see some yellow looks orange yeah
all right you guys ready to frost those
Rice Krispies yeah
Laura's doing a very good job she is
good job Annie
thanks good work thank how do you think
I want to eat them good job on the lawn
yeah no problem making one we're out of
red M&Ms so you know we'll get it a
little fun you got two pies if we're
taking it to the party so one of the
reasons I love mowing the lawn is that I
listen to good stuff while doing it and
I've been listening to the Tim Ferriss
podcast he meets with successful people
interviews them and I sex what it is
that what are the ingredients that lead
to success and among almost all of the
people he's interviewed they all take
about 15 to 20 minutes in the morning to
meditate or to pray and that just really
inspires me and makes me want to do
better and put more of a focus on my
morning prayer to really take time to
think about that things are most
important to pray for the things that
most of my life no so this is called red
and white pasta it's good so tonight
we're headed to our lego camp service
project and it's really exciting because
we actually found a lego oriented
service project there's an organization
here in the Kansas City area called the
giving brick and what they do is they
take donated Legos and they clean them
and they sort through them and they like
re put them into really cool Lego sets
and then give them to kids that are in
need and so that's what we're gonna be
doing tonight
taken out of our Caleb
so a big part of what we're doing is
separating mangoes from non Legos and so
we're looking really close to see if you
can see the word Lego on every piece
it's kind of time-consuming doesn't say
Lego Lego Lego
you
I mean
all right we're almost done all that's
left is what's on the table animal to
 stuff so poll question do you
play with Legos let us warm the poll all
right we're scouring the floor making
sure we're not losing any Legos here's
the finished buckets of the Legos that
have been sorted and ready to go to get
food and then given some kids who need
them
