morning guys so we got home from the
baseball game last night really late but
the kids have summer camp this morning
so they need to get up but they are calm
down Isaac
this one's mad she was up bright and
early Isaac hey we gotta get ready for
summer camp some can come on he's tired
he's super tired let's go wake up you
Lise okay come on
he is time to get some care
he is time for some key what were your
dreams about what sweet breakfast okay
you guys look so cute in your summer
camp shirts who's excited for summer
camp leggo actually started with wooden
Legos so the kids are making a pencil
craft they're starting with yellow heat
inside and they're shaking to shake it
Laura
set your lego face yeah this is cute
holy kids had a good time at summer camp
they made Lego catapults and did all
sorts of cool stuff it looked really
awesome so we get home from Lego camp
and Elise is walking towards me I said
your glasses are kind of crooked let me
like straighten them out and so I take
them and I kind of twist them the way
I've done so many times to straighten
them out and I totally broke her glasses
anyway I hot glued it back together uh
nope you can see that it's working at
the moment
sorry my nose is wrong kidding you
always fix it he did oh I got it
anyway I felt so bad that I broke them
you're so nice to me and didn't get
upset about it either way someday when
I'm like 11 or 12 I might get like uh
what was it called what are they like
like I don't wear my glasses
they're like glass things or plastic
things that go in my eyes contacts
yeah contacts and I'm just so excited to
get them like but you don't wear them at
night it's kind of like um glasses is
just they don't have that or that you're
excited to do that
mhm okay well that's still a few years
off so we should buy you some cute new
glasses yeah okay you guys ready for
today's Lego challenge all right it says
as a family create a Lego food creation
here's the rules it cannot be made out
of real Legos you have to be able to eat
it
it must taste delicious and it must look
like Legos so that's what we're gonna do
this afternoon it's like a kids baking
challenge
we just have to make something that
looks like this have a great idea yeah
I'm making a brownie with food does like
this shape what can you use to make the
little pieces on top any carrots you
want to use carrots to make the dots on
top so Brown isn't carrots it's a
greatness rice krispies treats are then
for the dots its frosting I think that
for rice krispies treats are sticking
whose would actually stick them together
like actual legos like build a castle
yeah like we could actually build know I
used to pin butter honey sandwich and
then I put it in the middle for top all
right we're done brainstorming you guys
had some good ideas now we have to pick
one idea that we're going to make as a
family so which one do you think we
should do honey sandwich with in it okay
so each of you want to do your own idea
but we have to pick one as a family so
what do you guys think how are we going
to pick one yeah what do you think okay
let's vote everyone for the brownie mix
raise your hand everyone for the rice
krispies treat raiser oh we've got two
votes for the rice krispies treat did
you get up voting buddy well we realized
that we didn't have the ingredients that
we needed so we're going to the store to
get stuff to make rice krispie treats
and to get some frosting and I also have
a chiropractor appointment and so I'm
taking Caleb and Elise with me
and now we're headed to my favorite
grocery store which is hyvee it feels so
good to be feeling well enough to be out
running errands with the kids all right
you guys remember what we need for the
Lego stuff eggs and Rice Krispies stuff
and marshmallows hmm and how about some
frosting yeah
Hill has a song stuck in his head um
call away I'll be there to save the day
Superman's got no fan no man I'm only
one I'm only one call away I'll be there
to save the day humans got no pain no
man
I'm only one call away reaching out to
take a chance I just want to give me
love come on come on come on me buddies
don't know
so well while we're at the grocery store
Ellen Yin while we were at the grocery
store so yeah and are like mom and me
kind of had it up in our head
give me the flashlight
I can't - did you get it - shine Oh
whose shirt is that that's your shirt
okay can I see can you turn around for
me
mmm okay now you look good in that shirt
shirt all right now that we have all the
ingredients we're gonna make the rice
krispies treats you guys want to help
are you my little helpers you're gonna
cut your arms into pieces that's a
little creepy
the track nice crisp
evening we are actually driving down to
a dance performance we're excited to see
it together as a family and laura has
been very entertaining in the car not
annoying at all not one the whole time
she's been doing this we didn't get a
chance to finish our Lego food back
tomorrow so this is a touring dance
group and it's all different kinds of
dance like there's gonna be swinging and
different culture dances and then ballet
and tap and what help it's like
everything and Jeremy I both had the
opportunity when we were growing up to
attend dance tours like this and it was
amazing and inspiring and so we're
excited to be able to take our kids
tonight
also when Kendra and I got married the
first class we ever took together was a
modern dance yeah it was a lot of fun
really
I brought these two out her little potty
break
and
