so you guys it's so cubed out here that
the camera is fogging over
it's supposed to be 113 to 115 today
because the humidity is so high even see
me all right well the kids and I are
headed out to our summer camp prep day
so every summer for the last four years
two friends and I have gotten together
and done a summer camp for our kids it's
a week-long it's really really fun and
we do one day a little bit earlier where
we prep our stuff like we make our
t-shirts we teach them the summer camp
songs and just kind of get the kids
excited about the theme and what we're
doing and so that is today next week is
the summer camp and I am just excited I
was really nervous because I'd been
feeling so sick I think the medication
is helping like I'm still feeling sick
in the morning but yesterday evening I
felt pretty good so I'm hopeful I'm
hopeful that I'm gonna be feeling well
enough and summer camps just such a
great memory time with my kids I'm
really looking forward to it we start
with summer camp songs they're awesome
what you guys get to do is you get to
put your own face on it yeah you're
gonna make a face on this little person
so my awesome friend already painted
this on there and then she has stencils
for us that we're going to put the
actual faces on the Lego people are good
job you paint inside that stencil okay
for yet can I go play yes you can go
play now we're gonna let your pirate
face dry I'm done you think you're done
let's see it pink bottle win cool dude
all right I'm sure you Lisa's gonna put
a bow on your little person it looks
beautiful already are you excited about
it miss Lori do you want to put a bow on
your little face you want to put a bow
on your little face
yeah happy one yeah what color do you
want your bow to be Oh pink that'll be
really kiss is your little shirt okay I
found the pink oh yeah let's put it on
the bow all right miss Laura wants to
paint talking about weather okay you
paint it right here right up here oh
good job oh that looks so nice gonna be
me you are you're painting me inside
so the kids are getting their first Lego
job
so the kids were given a picture of a
famous building and then they're going
to try to recreate it in Legos what you
get
whoo the Leaning Tower of Pisa whoa it's
about like that big all right where's
this bug looks like it flew away okay
watch out
there it is oh do you know what it looks
like to me you guys it looks kind of
like a moth ah you're right it may be
it's a bee so I was able to just flick
it up above the net and it flew away
honestly you guys this tramp has been
like the best investment ever the kids
jump on it for over an hour or two every
single day alright so we just finished
having lunch the kids are telling me all
about summer camp and apparently every
day for summer camp they have a homework
assignment where they have to build or
create something the leaning tower piece
of peas okay it's the Leaning Tower of
Pisa which one are you doing Isaac
couldn't really find a way to do it
because we don't have enough piece that
wall great all right Caleb which one do
you have that is gonna be a tough one so
what's your plan I'm just gonna go like
this
I only can do two I'll drop the towers
all right here's the kids finished
projects I'm really happy with how they
turned out you guys worked hard I think
you guys both got a little bit
discouraged at one point do you guys
have any advice for kids that are
working on something and it gets hard
what do you do keep on trying and just
trying to make it palea dot and just try
to make it how you think you like it
with your life it up just don't give up
and keep going keep going and just help
call a parent your mom and dad can tell
you idea that's a good idea
that's all I um started getting better
did you have some advice too it's best
to not
like trying to make a really perfect at
first I try to make perfect and make it
best better than everyone and make it
like really big and then it turned out
it worked best small don't just try and
make it perfect so it kind of helped
when you simplified your idea yeah yeah
and then did you have fun with it
well I am really proud of you all those
are some good-looking buildings
was it fun to learn about the buildings
yeah do buildings get born no Liam built
yeah it was built in 1931 well they are
basically born yes it takes a lot are
they born they don't come from a mother
have you weird
so lagers we just have to eat a house
then they'll turn their tummy and
they'll have to get better fair matter
oh I don't want to birth a house that
does not sound fun and like a mommy
house guys pregnant so it gets fatter
and fatter and fatter in block one one
one one and then that's how you get the
other houses yeah that I make the would
like should say make wood and they
should build it up so we've decided that
it's time to change the seating
arrangement in our van and we're gonna
well you okay
alright big girl you okay
you slip on the step or are you okay if
we turn your seat around you like that
did you just eat a booger I've never
seen you do that it's kind of gross
let's not do that okay
I turned it around put you in the back
are you okay with that sure so when we
were looking for a van we looked really
hard for an eight passenger version of
this van so that allows us to take a
seat out while still keeping all of our
kids in there inside of it you
underneath it yeah should we clean that
out or a climb in your seat Lauren were
you able to just claim it all by
yourself
that's gonna be nice he likes it in this
direction Laura you guys ready
movie
whole question for today how do you
clean your car do you go somewhere to
get it clean do you clean it at home or
do you not have a car I'm so excited
right now this is the first time in two
weeks or more probably longer that I
have cleaned my kitchen and it feels so
good to be feeling good enough to clean
my kitchen so I had a few like rough
hours this afternoon and I really wasn't
feeling good but then this evening I'm
feeling better and I'm so excited I
started a little laundry and I did the
dishes and Jeremy took the kids out when
I wasn't feeling good like an hour two
ago and I'm so excited for him to come
home and not have this all to deal with
and anyway I'm really grateful like this
is day two of the medication and I think
it's helping yes
a chance we picked up the house because
some friends are coming to bring us
dinner tonight
and they came all the way from Utah to
France dinner which is pretty far and
amazing so any guesses
