we picked up the house because some
friends are coming to bring us dinner
tonight and they came all the way from
Utah to bring us dinner which is pretty
far and amazing so any guesses wanting
guys so it's been several weeks now that
Isaac has been begging to make his own
scrambled egg breakfast I guess he has a
friend that does that and I've told him
how when I grew up I used to make eggs
even when I was this age so you want to
give it a try how much it just spends on
how many eggs you want to eat better
wash my hands good thing
even Malcolm next do you put the eggs in
them
do you want some of the eggs mom right
now
well it's not done yet where are you
help Laura you come in to watch so
that's the oven so we're not using the
oven we're using the stove all of this
runs the oven which is down here this
plate but if you're wanting to get the
stove top each of these little circles
is connected with one of these oh yeah
will happen if you use your hands it'll
get all boozed up it'll burn up so you
just kind of keep clearing the bottom of
it there hey Dori has a little bumps on
it yesterday look like eggs
yeah hey Isaac never knew guys equals
this good at it he's amazing that's it
you want to spread it out so it gets all
over everywhere
I think it's ready Tony all right
hey give it a try you guys thank you
good job I'm proud of you it's such a
good job huh I never knew that you're so
good at making scrambled eggs okay and
then once you're done eating when you
cook you got to clean it up
see if you can make it through the table
okay
I think the battery's dying bummer
Oh Oh students go through batteries so
fast we put some more batteries
you know how batteries work there's a
plus side and a negative side this is a
blast
now look try to find which side is the
plus side on here that's right so then
the plus goes with the plus so try to
put in that battery right right there
that's right you get it in the right way
yeah there you go no a day well it's my
last day here in the office and it's
hard to say goodbye but I'm so excited
about our future and I did love working
here the people are amazing and this
opportunity made it possible for us to
start YouTube which has been such a
blessing in our life and so I'm packing
up and heading out and look into the
future
so I'm probably done some of my old
pictures that I've had in here
here's Isaac at a lease when we found
out we were pregnant with Caleb that's
Isaac doesn't it look so much like Caleb
there's Ealy's well I'm all packed up
I literally have George my tree in here
and I'm heading home from the office for
the last time so when I came home the
kids were all waiting to jump out I
thought they were excited to see me but
in reality they were excited to see
George our tree I brought home
everything from the browser the pictures
this is Laura's first on scene yeah you
know that we bought George before you
were born
oh and I was right so how old is he
older than you so we picked up the house
because some friends are coming to bring
us dinner tonight and they came all the
way from Utah to bring us dinner which
is pretty far and amazing so any guesses
we should pause it right here pause any
guesses who this is that brought us
dinner all the way from Utah I'm excited
to see them
it's funny how you can live with a
certain condition and not think much of
it until people are coming to visit and
then you realize that it is kind of
embarrassing and I am talking about our
couches these need to be cleaned so bad
well they gonna be here they'll be here
any second buddy so we have eight
passengers here Ruby and Kevin and
Landon and Julie the drove family there
she is Joe she's red in it and they
brought us dinner I'm so thankful so we
have sandwiches we have salad and chips
and watermelon we're chowing down
how are the cookies as lipstick on whoa
tasty lipstick I'm just doing my only
ruby would come and clean our walls when
she comes I was going to tell her to get
the paint up and just you know the whole
thing there's a lot of touch-up spots
that need it so you're too kind
well I know exactly what Kendra is
feeling and going through and someone
did this for me and so I know it's
appreciated well thank you we do
appreciate we got Devon did it we're so
sad that the DeRoos and eight passengers
are leaving we had so much fun hanging
out with them and talking I think we
could talk with them all night but they
have to go now well we had a really good
time with eight passengers in the debris
family like they're just fun people it's
not one mom yes Laura once get snuggled
in your clothes on she doesn't want to
get your jammies on I think any least
we're just talking about how big the
baby's gonna be when it's born and Isaac
just said is it you'd be like as big as
a Jimmy John sandwich and I'm like uh no
it's gonna be bigger than a Jimmy
Johnson unless it's fully early yes
Vegas is only as wide as one I guess
cause one it stalls the Jimmy Johnson
yeah yeah no but bigger little heavier
some more arms and legs
and in his new hit single Caleb is the
sausage face oh did you hurt your face
use your nose yucky yeah it's got
boogers can you say a prayer for his
princess rock star we gonna kneel dead
how long is the night it's like 10 to 12
hours depending on how long you sleep
when I get asleep oh and when I wake up
it's just morning so it feels pretty
fast yeah that's what's so cool about
sleeping how is it so fast oh we aren't
conscious when we go to sleep and then
BOOM today Caillou woke up after
everybody you did all my latest time
waking up did you like them yeah let's
try to do that again
in the morning so here's a poll question
for it today do you normally remember
your dreams yes or no let us know in the
poll
seriously I come in to elese being
completely asleep and Laura doing this
it's bedtime big girl yes
come on come on
say you whoreson oh why didn't you go
bed don't like the person anymore okay
this is listen look
everybody else is asleep
it's time for Laura cushy dad it's
everything start oh yeah so today when
we went to the doctor they took a
picture of the baby how can they go
inside your body it does not look like
humans
