so today when we went to the doctor they
took a picture of the baby how can they
go inside your body it does not look
like human like maybe it's not walking
it's just laying there but what you did
well this morning I headed off to my
very first pregnancy doctor appointment
and I'm really excited I'm hoping that
you know I can be reassured that the
baby is doing well and hopefully get
some answers to help me with my sickness
right in her room we're just waiting in
the doctor well we just got back from
the doctor's office and I was officially
diagnosed with hyperemesis and
gravettian
which is a condition that's really rare
in pregnancy it's like 0.5 to 3 percent
of pregnancies have it and it's just
extreme morning sickness they don't know
why I have it but I have it so we talked
about different anti-nausea medications
and treatments that we can do we decided
to start with the first line drug which
just means it's supposed to be the
safest for the baby and the safest for
me and so I've got that right here we're
going to get trying that and hopefully
that will help me feel better I'm really
hoping I respond well to this medication
they also did an ultrasound to see when
exactly I am due because I didn't know
exactly and we've got a little picture
of our little baby beam that we have so
far so we're just going to continue on
with pregnancy and really hope and pray
that this medication works so I can get
back up on my feet and just doing more I
really miss doing a lot of fun stuff
with the kids and I talked to them about
the exercise I've been doing and they
said I'm totally fine to keep training
and doing the triathlon as soon as I can
get out of the six string morning
sickness so but it was really helpful to
see the ultrasound and see the little
baby and remember you know why I'm doing
this and see that little person that's
going to grow up to be such a big part
of our family
well we're hoping we're not having a
problem here's the temperature inside
our house
and here's what it's supposed to be it's
been crazy hot out yeah with the heat
index is like 108 it's the type of day
that air conditioners come today so I'm
a little behind on helping with the
laundry we have a lot to fold
so you know how when you're doing
laundry socks seem to disappear I've
been so frustrated because of Caleb will
buy like five new pairs of socks and
then they just disappear well I think I
found where a lot of them ended up
they're here behind his dresser all
right dig those out well why are you
crying
cuz I'm happy are you happy
let me tell you hmm we have a friend
that's bringing us dinner right now
isn't that so nice so guys I have to
tell you I have been so spoiled and I
feel so loved today I had a friend watch
our kids this morning so that Jeremy
could come with me to the doctor's
office and then she kept them and fed
them lunch then they get home from that
and I had another friend contact me to
see if the kids could come over and play
this afternoon so the big kids got to
play this morning and this afternoon and
I got to take a nap like a legit nap I
actually just woke up and I woke up to a
text from a friend that said unless I
hear otherwise from you I'm bringing you
dinner and I was like what are you
kidding me a nice textured said sorry I
was napping it thank you so much she
said yeah I've got it ready I'll bring
it by in about 30 minutes and I'm like
so touched because our family has been
kind of living off of I don't know
macaroni and cheese quesadillas like the
kids have not been getting real meals
because of how busy Jeremy's been and
how I've been feeling so sick like I
haven't been able to make them meals and
I haven't even been able to cope with
the smell of food being made at my house
and so anyway I'm just feeling really
touched like I'm really grateful like
motherhood is hard and pregnancy is hard
and it's so important that we you know
surround each other and help each other
when we're going through these times so
thank you bring to your mom's for making
me so emotional thank you
so our friends brought this amazing
dinner we're so grateful mmm
did they bring cupcakes yes so our
friend who just dropped off this meal
has six kids and was recently pregnant
and sick as well she understands no it's
amazing
what'd you find
I love Aladdin Nutcracker and for some
reason I do not know the Nutcracker um
thing they get married oh do they but
the Nutcracker turns into a human a
prince
yeah we have to make my own pretty make
it pretty
what's your Eden Laura cupcakes that one
the doggy is a kitty cat basically
yep it's really time to go you should
probably take smaller bites moving okay
let us know in the poll what's your
favorite flavor of cupcake of the
traditional strawberry chocolate vanilla
maybe I'll throw a lemon in there let us
know in the bowl if you had to pick a
favorite flavor of cupcake strawberry
probably shot I made chocolate chocolate
what's your favorite flavor Laura Oh
pink what's your favorite flavor of
cupcake
Kubby Papa's obviously that's a muffin
oh it's good it looks a lot like a
cupcake huh so today when we went to the
doctor they took a picture of the baby
how can they go inside your body they
didn't they use what's called ultrasound
technology and they put a little wand on
my tummy and it showed them what the
inside looks like oh you want to see it
all right here's our first picture of
our little baby hmm looks just like you
Caleb so does it have seven more weeks
no it says this is our baby a head you
know what I honestly don't know for
seven weeks yeah it does not look like
human
Kendra called it our little bean it
looks like a little mean yeah is this it
yeah this is the baby so this is the
baby and this is the black part is the
water around it it's inside
see where this is our baby
it's like it was I'm I wish there was
like a color so you can know where
everything is
where's the baby blankey right here this
is so cute indicate XE you can touch the
picture house is it a real magic wand
and it's just a tool that they use and
so is this the head right there I
honestly don't know that could be the
butt and you jiggle they showed us the
heart the heart was beating so we could
see the little baby's heartbeat and they
said that the baby is working this week
on growing arms and legs would you say
it's about the size of a blueberry is
that what Santo makes great a grape you
guys so let me get a grape ow there was
a poppy seed okay let me get a grape for
us all right so this is about the size
of our little baby so that's basically
real size um maybe at this moment we're
not eating it real life we gotta stop
using food items when we need to
describe the size of a baby baby
ah do we need a paper towel yeah hold on
peeps I can't believe she or he is that
small you know so huh
do you guys know it was really important
that we found out about the pregnancy
first we found out that there really is
a baby in there that's not always the
case a party with a heartbeat a living
baby and we learned one other thing it's
definitely not twins or triplets or
quadruplets
yeah that's better what is everyone
honey it'll be good that way that's what
we've gotten before
and we were given a due date which is
interesting they say the baby is going
to come March third
but mom tends to have them earlier than
that so I know that
so they said based on how big the baby
is and how much more the baby has to
grow they think the baby will come
around March third like the memes oh and
this one it's not walking it's just
laying there
