morning bath dad
such an endurable so how was your bath
miss Laura good Alice ha ha so I'm in
the valley as I need a band-aid you need
a band-aid on your ally should we get a
comb for your hair wow you don't like
that part very much I'm diggin my mama
well I'm so grateful our friends are
letting the kids come and hang out this
morning and I'm gonna be going in for
one of my last days of work shall we
begin
you have fun with your friends mm-hmm
awesome I like your dress wait que
llevan it's time our friends are so nice
they gave us cupcakes and they actually
gave the lease that dress that she was
wearing
alright somebody fell asleep on the
drive home which is not normal sleeping
he's not gonna go to sleep
yeah that was it you did the song just
looks like it is time for some family
time playing ping pong I'm gonna try to
join in
bad idea
what next thank you thank you so much
oh but you did all this at your eyeballs
you're in the splash zone so I think
Isaac got sunscreen did you put
sunscreen on your face today um yes and
when you were sprayed it came over and
got me in the eye at all
yeah looks like your eyes are all pink
moms in the tradies Hey
nice that was amazing you cry here cuz I
have another ball for you guys let's try
it it's Laura Stern
maybe it was a flu ready Laura you're
going down got to teach him the trash
talk I really didn't have to hit her in
the face
I wasn't just giving any well here Eddie
but at least she hits the table with
authority your turn so on Facebook today
I saw a short video about the power of
failure and how important it is to feel
positively about failure in our life
because it helps encourage us to try and
do new things because when we try and do
the things that are out of our comfort
zone we're usually going to fail the
whole bunch of times that we try like at
the beginning and that's a success
because we're trying something new and I
was just been thinking a lot about how I
can teach that to my kids that you know
trying is a great success and the only
true failure is not making any effort
not giving it a chance not not putting
yourself out there and being brave and
anyway those are some thoughts on my
heart today all right it's a breakfast
for dinner kind of night
so do you guys put peanut butter on
waffles or pancakes if not you should
try it smooth stuff
all right poll question do you like to
dip your sausage or bacon in syrup let
us know in the poll grab one how'd you
get one Loris looks it how is it
do you like a dance yeah lick it again
I really like strawberry flavored
frosting I think it's a lot better than
vanilla or chocolate frosting just me
just before bedtime the kids were
watching a show on Netflix but I stopped
it like five minutes before it was over
and said before we're going to finish it
you have to get your jammies on brush
your teeth and get ready for bed and
they're always much more motivated when
we do that so we're going to finish the
five minutes and then come to bed
Caleb's getting his last drink and then
he's trying to go to bed sometimes and I
was really cold
now I'm really warm makes Izzie itwe
will be giving so room now doesn't it
feel good to get in your blankets yeah
can I pass out I was able to catch Drago
