okay this is making me feel a bit better
we're starting off the day with Saturday
morning chores which were three words
that I hated being put together as a kid
and now I get to distribute it too much
well as you guys know I've been very
morning sick I've been throwing up a lot
and it's just kind of been miserable so
I was talking to my doctor and they're
worried about me being too dehydrated
and so we decided to pump me up with
some IV fluids so I went in today and
yeah got some IV fluids um it's been a
couple hours since I got it put in and I
still haven't had to pee so that to me
is a sign that I was very dehydrated and
I actually feel hungry like one thing
sounds good to you right now and so
Jeremy's going to run out of it for me
so we were just doing a quick cravings
run and in prior pregnancies with
Kendra's cravings I've always felt very
gypped because I'd had friends where
their wives were craving like pizza and
french fries and all this stuff that was
yummy that they could eat as well
Kendra's always crave like cheesy potato
soup or vegetables or stuff that I
didn't really like so I'm really excited
about this development with Jimmy John's
cuz I could eat Jimmy John's every day
are you sleepy big girl
mara had her cute little shoes on she's
so tired
bless you Jimmy Don's a single-chip
we're going for the original in system
ok poll question for the day where's
your favorite place to go to get a
sandwich and I should say just so you
know because I've had some family that
have been confused about this when we do
a poll you can actually tap on your
screen right here I have the poll come
up where you can tap on it and vote
so participate we would love to know
where you like to go get sandwiches and
if there's not an option that you like
then tell us in the comments so Isaac
wanted to explain a little bit more
about it so if the thing comes off
before you can answer so if you don't
click up here quick enough is that
you're saying uh-huh
then you then just press the I and I'll
show all the stuff that popped up the
whole block yeah there's always like a
little I right here that you can click
on and you can vote at any time you want
to mr. Caleb just came and told me he
has a surprise for me you show it to me
whoa
did you set this table so nice for me Oh
with the tablecloth and some water and
some chips and some chips
Wow would a treat Kayla thank you and I
love you
so while I was going all on Caleb set up
a snack table area in his bedroom and he
put together a little snack for
everybody
you have peanuts too look right here so
Caleb how'd you pick the snack I just
show you it was Isaac all right clay
seemed empty nuts all right because you
guys were so clean you can all have one
of these cookies okay well you can wait
this cookie will be waiting for you when
you're done okay
I'm gonna have a restaurant in my room
and the desserts will be cookies what
are you gonna cook for the restaurant
what are you going to serve people mmm
no go hard to have a look
Alicia's helpless for a cookbook
Annelise recipe and I see you guys are
playing a game out here right yeah so we
jump one two three boom and into the
middle what's the game called popcorn or
boom one two three
thank oh I'm gonna bounce you okay ready
1 2 well during some of my downtime that
I've had this week I have been working
really hard on getting some fun stuff
prepped for the kids so I've been
working on our summer camp plans that's
a week and a half from now and it's
something it's a tradition we do it
every summer with a bunch of friends and
the theme this here is Legos and so I'm
just really excited there's a lot of fun
stuff to do with that and then I've been
working hard on getting our homeschool
curriculum ready for this fall we're
doing some things differently this year
with homeschool partially because the
kids kids are getting older and
partially because um like our family
dynamic and needs are changing what
Jeremy working more from home and I want
him to be able to involved more in like
the homeschooling routine and what we're
doing and so yeah I've been looking at
curriculum and getting that all figured
out so that's been fun to be able to
find a way to be productive even when
I'm not feeling well so we have a
babysitter and it's date night
Kendra initiative is like Jeremy just go
do something on your own but she decided
to try to come out maybe getting out of
the house would make me feel good so we
tried to go on a walk like we like to do
and we made it about 20 yards that very
far that's a little generous to me 20
feet maybe we needed about 20 feet she's
like so we almost made it to that tree
and then we got back in the car and I'm
like oh that was rough so I'm proud of
her for trying morning sickness is such
a unique sickness sometimes you do feel
a little bit better she did get fluids
put in her but I don't know we're just
trying things go for a drive
yeah it's still nice to get like
one-on-one time to talk and get a break
and anyway so we decided to drive
through some fun neighborhoods instead
we're exploring we've never gone on this
road
I don't know where this goes and now all
of a sudden we're out of town and in the
country
this is gorgeous
so we're going to pretend that I didn't
just throw up in the parking lot and
we're coming into cars which is a baby
story we're going to buy something for
our baby because I want to this is
called retail therapy
for the most part our kids were
hand-me-downs but I always like to give
them like a coming home from the
hospital outfit so I'm gonna get a boy
one and a girl one because I can for the
most part I'm fine keeping a newborn in
a white onesie all the time that's just
really practical but it is cute everyone
small oh look here's the white onesie
section that's awesome but it is fun
every once a while to dress them up okay
this is making me feel a little bit
better
so after Kendra actually looked at the
price tag she's starting to agree more
with my white onesie philosophy okay I
narrowed it down to these one hopefully
we're not having quadruplets what we
were too cheap to actually buy anything
in there but maybe we will I'll come
back what I know with whether I'm having
a boy or girl but it didn't make sense
phi2 but it was so cute - Steven yeah it
was fun all right so we're looking at
different ginger ale and colas and I'm
in a section where it is just it's
sticky I hate when my sandals have
sticky all over them
it's the worst there he is
resting peacefully we decided to end off
the night at Lowe's we're just wandering
around pretending that someday we'll
actually buy some stuff and actually
improve our house just pretending you
could get a toaster oven what do you got
a hard a bit down
cool
view inside what fringes are like
spaceships these days but my dad dad we
would love this yep dad you need this
fringe growing out my dad really liked
us to think of what we wanted before we
open the fridge and then open the fridge
and get it which of course I understand
now it's like an energy efficiency thing
but Dad this this is for you
good night dear cell
