well this morning I went to another
chiropractor appointment and I feel like
it really is helping my neck and my
mobility with that so that's really good
it was embarrassing though because when
I got there and I like laid down on the
table to be adjusted I realized my
zipper was down I was like Oh
embarrassing but anyway um I would love
to hear in the comments below what your
plans are this weekend we don't know
what we're gonna do yet this weekend so
I'll be for something fun you guys this
is big news we found something that
Kendra is eating not what you would have
expected it's a Jimmy John's sandwich
this is amazing
so it's a beach club sandwich it has
avocado on it I'm so happy that you
found something taking like two bites
we're probably prematurely celebrating I
don't know this is a big deal so we had
a bag of chips Kendra called and was
like hey do we have a bag of chips to
eat with our Jimmy John's sandwiches and
we had in our pantry sour cream and
onion and I thought that'd be a fun poll
question what's your favorite kind of
potato chip there's a regional barbeque
sour cream and I'll pick some other ones
does that count
wavy is that a different flavor ruffled
okay and the wavy ones sour cream and
onions kind of a stronger one I bet
regular would have been better for you
all right how about you guys what's your
favorite potatoes Jango original sour
cream and onion BBQ BBQ and I like BBQ
well I just love chips
I like barbecue sour cream and dirty
dust Doritos yeah kind of a different
category I like this time
and OJ so there's times where my
favorite is the salt and vinegar is that
what it's called I really like the salt
and vinegar one love it and when I lived
in Canada they have all kinds of
additional fun flavors like pickle and
ketchup and those were fun Kendra's done
talking about chip flavors but let us
know on the poll okay who wants a
strawberry you're on this one Cup
I can't I can't eat you there's a hole
right through it you want to try it you
trying sir remember a year ago I saw a
video on how to prepare strawberries it
was like a facebook video and they said
it was best to use a straw you could
just come right through poke a hole and
there you go you have my telescope
telescope strawberry yarmulke oh I
missed it that time still still
perfecting the art inter ate the whole
sandwich this is a big deal like all
she's been eating are little bits of
rice and noodles and some cheese and
avocado and that's it so this is a big
deal I'm really proud of you it didn't
it didn't feel too good then I'm sorry
it's such a tough thing with morning
sickness because you have to be eating
you have to be drinking and you're sick
the whole time not like I know anything
about this but like that's such a tough
dilemma
okay you got to be careful you got to
make sure you really bend your head so
you don't break your neck okay so I
don't know why this makes me so happy
but I think just came up and asked if he
could watch Michael Jordan highlights
never seen him Duncan what do you think
is he pretty good I think he's amazing
he's so good daddy killed look at that
now just to win the game there's like it
went in like a 0.1 second no those cool
he jumped up and I went down and I sure
did that I don't know who's better
LeBron James er Michael John I used to
think the Brawn dance but now I don't
know so I'd love to hear from you guys
who's your all-time favorite athlete so
last night Kendra made lists with the
kids of talents that they want to
develop so at least what were some of
the talents you wanted to develop
gymnastics and sewing I would draw in my
own drill get my own computer to edit
videos I want to plant Allen to do
gymnastics I want to cook cookies so
Caleb has wanted to bake cookies and
he's been asking every day for the last
several days and it's at the very top of
his list so that's what we're doing now
Caleb decided to go with a chocolate
cake cookie mix
I know our oven light it's growling are
they done chocolate cookies are really
hard for me to tell can't eat the cookie
in one set the challenge mm-hmm all
right on your mark get set go
you got it she got it
Oh Caleb your mouth isn't quite big
enough yet
more importantly though how's the cookie
the extra chocolate in the inside is it
good as it cooked all the way through
mmm there's no more cookie
I'm gonna dip in it now let's see how
that is give it a try you might want to
leave it like sitting in there for a bit
to soak up the milk and not too long
then it gets all soggy and it falls off
Jason I really need it for long all
right at least he's been working on her
cartwheels yep ooh you are working on it
it's just a headstand almost angus
somersault
I look for that Oh laura has her
somersault good job Laura boom did you
get your swimsuit on Laura you want to
go to the splash pad yeah let's go
boss
are you climbing - good job big girl you
got it buddy keep going
so Caleb has gotten stuck a couple times
trying to climb to the top but I think
he's gonna make it this time you got it
buddy
keep going you made it
hey love you did it
so once Caleb went down the side he
least had to try it again job
well this week has honestly been really
hard for me because of how sick I've
been but I talked to my doctor today and
we're looking for solutions either for
some medications it'll be really safe
for me in pregnancy or I may go in this
weekend and get some ID fluid it's sad I
feel like I'm missing out on a lot with
the kids and I I've got a you know do
everything that we can to make sure that
I'm feeling as best as I can
it helps to come out here and sit
outside and see my awesome husband
playing with my kids like I know I
haven't been able to play with them as
much as I would like this week but
they've been with their daddy we're
really lucky kids so Isaac is such a
sensitive little boy sometimes when I'm
putting him to bed I'll let him listen
to some of my favorite music and we were
listening to the soundtrack from Titanic
which i think is really good and as we
were listening isaac was remembering the
sort of the Titanic he's read books
about it that a lot of people died and
he was really moved by the music and he
was actually crying and just saying how
sad he was that so many people died and
I'm just amazed with that boy and his
heart and his love he inspires me and
I'm excited to see what he's going to do
Jay house ah what are we going to do
with our baby's diapers don't read
diaper I can't take it you're gonna
change a baby's diaper
