what are we going to do with our baby's
diapers don't read - I can't change it
you're gonna change a baby's diaper huh
do they have to cut open the tummy and
some monies they cut open the tummy but
what if it's a boy I don't even know a
five is already a lot of kids let's just
Bob hey Laurie guess what we're gonna
have a new baby idea why yeah you can
hold it so do you think it's going to be
a new brother or new sister
you know Rosie because we don't have
much boys in know so what do you think
it's awesome now I can actually really
change like learn how to really change
their diapers yeah you're excited about
that what do you think that there's a
baby in there
um I think it might be a girl you think
it might be a girl yeah because then I
could like play with the word dress and
make sure she doesn't fall on the ground
that's a very important thing but what
if it's a boy I don't even know you'd
still love a boy baby yeah
if it's a boy or girl probably around
Halloween time okay maybe a little bit
after then we'll find out if it's a boy
or girl which what are you hoping for I
don't know which one I'm hoping for I
know which one I think which one did you
get it a boy
why do you think it's a boy visually
it's gone boy girl boy girl so now it's
boy time for a boy yeah you don't know
do you think it's gonna be a boy baby or
a girl baby I can't Bowl are you gonna
be a big sister
ha what are you gonna do with being a
big sister again ha ha hey so so passive
yeah plastics are we gonna give the baby
presents yeah yeah look at the baby
presence man it's my hair well maybe
they'll be your presence yeah do you
think a new brother would be fun what
about a new sister yeah both of them
would be fun
what are you excited to do with a baby
so you're going to be a big sister again
a big big big big sister you're the
biggest sister in our family that's a
big job how do you feel about that maybe
sometimes when I'm like 11 or 12 or 13
or 14 I could be able to face my sister
whoo baby fun maybe Laurel will be like
one of my assistant you think so uh-huh
you're gonna be a big big brother it's
inside my tummy there's a baby inside of
there it doesn't look like it doesn't
look like it yet it's because it's a
little okay yeah I think it big your
bigger is in my tummy right now in the
back no it's in my tummy
hey the Passons no it's not in a present
it's in my tummy it's got to grow bigger
no you can't see it it's inside of my
tummy yeah no you can't see it it's
inside of there okay sorry when it gets
bigger you can feel it right now you
can't feel it what are we thinking about
for names that's a good point that's a
good point we're still deciding so until
your daddy and I are a little bit more
decided we probably won't talk about it
yet but if you have any suggestions for
names let me know do they have to cuddle
things eternally some mommies they cut
open the dummy were it bloody oh but
then they wipe the blood off the baby
and the baby cries
how long does it cry lonely light it off
because it goes what's going on out here
what are we going to do with our baby's
diapers don't shred - I can't change it
you're going to change the baby's diaper
Oh awesome my bag I think we need six
and then we have a seven well you need a
eight now if we have ten mmm so you only
think even numbers yeah well five is
already a lot of kids but just thought
oh yeah so when my tummy is really big
you'll get to feel it's like a fat cake
it gets huge yeah whoa - then the baby
would be egg it's convinced kit review a
ginormous yeah that um the V would be
like touching that ceiling Moby yeah I
love you Lisi and Levy and glad you're
excited about the new baby
okay you are so special tonight
- now II have had four beautiful babies
in our family
we are having a baby
