so the weather today says that there's
going to be some severe storms possible
tornado watch Isaac was giving me his
predictions about what's going to happen
with the storm probably a 70% chance of
hail and a 20% chance of tornado and
thunder lightning like 99% you guys that
is moving really fast these clouds are
coming in hopefully we don't have any
tornados but they said that there was a
chance of that winds are picking up
starting to get the rain coming down
it's pretty windy out there this is not
a storm is longer this is like Elvis
kisses on Tomatoes well it looks like
it's like nighttime right now but it's
not it's not even noon yet it's just
super dark out because of this storm but
I'm waiting right now for my friend
she's coming to pick me up to take me to
the chiropractor this morning which is
so sweet of her anyway on top of my
morning sickness this week which has
been really hard I had something happen
with my neck I don't know if it's a
pinched nerve I don't know what's going
on but I have a lot a lot of neck pain
and so I'm going in to see a
chiropractor that's really highly
recommended I've never been to a
chiropractor before so I'm a little bit
nervous but it was funny like when I was
putting on just like a little bit of
makeup and like putting on like real
clothes Laura was like where you going
mom what's going on like I've really
been laying low so far this week just of
being sick so honestly between the
morning sickness and my neck hurting
it's just been a hard week so every day
right now is a struggle to try to find
something that Kendra can keep down
she's just really been feeling sick so
we're trying noodles mozzarella cheese
avocados and a little bit of butter
right now
jump rope is very like makes you sweaty
it's kind of like a workout yeah it's
good exercise I'm still kind of learning
how to jump rope yeah if you keep
practicing you'll get better and better
sighs against this new song that he's
doing for piano then dude you're doing
awesome so how do you feel it about
piano are you still enjoying it
sometimes I worry you're going to get
bored so one of the things we've talked
about is getting Isaac playing the
violin as well you excited about that I
don't know when we're going again but
we've talked to an instructor and we're
thinking about it I would love to do a
poll of what instruments you play so let
us know in the poll and if one of the
interests you play is in the poll let us
know in the comments
is there a bunny I'm gonna go catch it
candy you want to go get the bunny go oh
I'll tell you go get that bunny well
clearly Laura is feeling better so
that's exciting
Oh why'd you open it you're gonna open
it
so there's a little bunny on the end of
the jump rope and we're pretending to be
dogs and train with it we're pretending
to be dogs and we're chasing the money
so once a month kendra goes to a freezer
club where they go and they make all the
mills that we typically eat through that
month and so we're going to be
assembling the freezer meal all right
Laura here's what we're gonna eat
tonight
it's beef and veggie cheese casserole oh
yeah oh no guess the instructions we
need them
it's no pet Fred
Laurie's gonna sing Hakuna Matata a star
apart
hakuna matata hakuna matata hakuna
matata hakuna the time for the rest of
my days it's our problem-free philosophy
when he was young yep end it up you want
to hold it back here we can chop right
and job
jump buddy
squeezing it on so I'll be honest this
doesn't look like the most appetizing
casserole but it's a lot better than it
looks so we're all eating dinner at the
table but the smell in here was really
nauseating - Kendra so she's sitting
outside trying to eat some rice so I was
asking Kendra a question about snapchat
and Caleb started answering it for me
he knows snapchat better than I do so if
you want to do a picture just tap on it
okay and if you want to do a funny
filter just tap on Laura's face and then
um it'll look like spider webs and then
and then it'll show the funny filters
and then if you want to do video it just
hold on it okay good smoke
snapchat banana parents hashtag just
sing in so this weekend Kendra and I
went to the BFG I thought it was good we
haven't gone to a movie for a long time
and so it was fun to be in a theatre and
I thought that the character of the DFG
was really inspiring and
effects on the giants themselves I
thought was really good but I'd love to
hear in the comments a movie that you
seen lately and what you thought about
it let me know so all day the kids have
been begging to play tickle monster it's
one of their favorite games Jeremy came
up with a great game his job is to lay
here and pretend it to be asleep so the
kids are coming up with a plan to try to
get the tickle monster without getting
caught
so whenever they sing twinkle twinkle
little star it puts me back to sleep
that's the only it was that easy with
the kids
no we started singing twinkle twinkle
they all knocked out we should maybe try
Laura Laura no hitting
probably a bad idea right before bed to
play this say you got them all calm down
okay now we're gonna play the quite good
all right dear Sam Oh
