oh good morning we are starting off
today playing war in my bed with the big
kids
leacy what do you have that Queen ah I
know six
oh no defeat is so hard Laura actually
was up most of the night with a fever so
she is sick today and so that's hard to
kind of handle all right do you guys
know what today is Tuesday good job it's
Tuesday
did you guys know that today is cow
Appreciation Day it's the day when we go
to chick-fil-a dressed up as cows and we
gonna be free to get free food um til we
have kids meals because it's free yes
yeah let's do sighs you're not stickers
first my child costume we're gonna have
to make them so like so um no we
actually have black spots and white
spots so we need to find a black shirt
and a white shirt in your clothes or
like black pants and then we just put
them on top of it so I'm out shopping
getting stuff for Kendra and her morning
sickness I'll probably make a lot of
these runs over the next couple months
so I ended up getting Kendra some ginger
root and several different drinks she
hasn't been able to find something
that's really staying down very well
we're on I think our fourth load of
laundry this morning and I'm so grateful
because the kids are being super helpful
you guys are fantastic you guys love
laundry hmm we don't mean you don't
really I know Isaac loves laundry no I
don't yeah but you're helping huh thanks
for helping so while we're folding we're
finding some like black leggings white
tee shirts black shorts everything
that's solid black and white so we can
get the kids Cal costumes ready
multitasking
all right Caleb thanks for getting it
all in there it's all right we need some
soap how does it because this is not
safe for kids so I'm not say for kids
because it's chemicals and so that's why
mommy gets him out all right I should
this open and he love is getting it
started
there's a hard to pull out buddy
yeah I use it there it goes so we're
taping felt spots on and I'm really
grateful I actually saved these from
last year so we're just reusing him more
amazing was that you were able to find
it that's like a miracle school what do
you mean I'm a super organized look at
my cute family they're all dressed do
you guys remember last year yeah can we
add videos you were kind of traumatized
about the cow costume are you gonna see
the person dressed up as a cow this year
you know from giving my big high five
oh yeah last time I got scared yeah
because I'm like he's a real cow behind
you okay buddy does it count make you
nervous okay I want to hear each of you
your best moo moo you good
well I got a deal you're superb yeah
that was a cow cat combination faking of
your turn can you do it calculus all
right you look house you guys have fun
at chick-fil-a all right let's do it
hope this doesn't blow up
all right poll question for the day how
many of you dressed up and went and got
free chicken for cow Appreciation Day
and along that note in the comments let
us know examples of things you've done
to get free food or free something I'd
love to hear those stories well a good
friend of mine just stopped by that
these beautiful flowers for me and they
just brighten my day I put them right
next to my bed and anyway it's amazing
how flowers can just cheer you up it's
not easy being sick with pregnancy like
I am grateful to be pregnant but
pregnancy is also hard and so I'm
grateful for these little cheery
reminders but the thing that's helped me
the most is actually my kids like seeing
the way that they're reaching out and
trying to be kind and help me and also
just like their little faces like I
remember when I was so sick with Laura
and now she's like this darling little
person running around so it helps me see
you know how infinitely worth it this
process is well this little girl is not
feeling good you just woke up from a
four hour nap so I'm glad she was able
to sleep
what's a milk what's this buddy it's a
heart it's a heart who's it for you why
me because you're sick mom this buddy
yeah I love you
Heelys just made me this cute note I
love you mom I can't wait to see the
baby love Elyse thanks sweetheart
so with the morning sickness Kendra's
had a hard time eating and she's needing
to get more protein in her so she found
this pasta that is a high in protein
pasta so apparently chickpeas are a main
ingredient in this stuff we'll see if
it's any good
Isaac we say brute force thank you all
for helping clean up
good joy we're so excited I think you
can feel better tomorrow okay
eggs mmm Laura hey let's get in bed so
Laura just randomly wants to sleep on
the floor instead of her bed she's not
feeling good so we're fine with that
oh yeah oh yeah Jay has them hope you
got enough mushrooms
