so friendly as the kids were doing their
chores they came up with a pokemons song
Wow got it hope you got enough mushrooms
morning guys we keep hearing about
Pokemon go and the kids really want to
try it yeah so I just opened the Apple
we're gonna give it a try
here's what he says Pokemon can be found
in every corner of the earth what uh
that's us do you want to play with us
yeah kaki I can't so this is just
reminding me of when I first got a
Nintendo I remember we got it for
Christmas the year it came out I
remember sitting there playing Mario
Brothers hours of Legend of Zelda this
is like a new era some run across the
plains other fly through this guy some
live in the mountains or in the forest
or near water we have a forest row we
better look in there will you help me
with my research yes yeah sure okay
now we're there oh it's right there hey
no swipe it up to get it oh it jumped we
got it we got a Pokemon it's in there
how we really see it you see it on the
phone wait is this really real I thought
we were gonna actually find them like I
Drive around and find my pressure wasn't
really right here he wasn't there huh
you had to look through the app to see
him it's kind of like he's invisible
right there but then you can see Roley
camera it's time to go okay actually
before we go you guys we got to finish
our chores okay okay let's finish our
chores and then we'll go on an adventure
yeah we're going to drive around we have
to go to some monuments and stuff I
guess
well if this is a chore motivator we
might be doing Pokemon go every morning
so currently as the kids were doing
their chores they came up with a Pokemon
song all right you guys ready to play
yeah chuckling get boutique ah say
Pokemon come
Pelkey car say we're gonna play pokemon
retain pokey mom
okey mom it's the best come on let's go
get the car
hey you guys ready let's hop out
are you going the right direction aim
right up at it you got it
good job all right so we found our first
Pokemon who wants to just go home now
not me you want to go fleeing another
one oh all right let's go get some more
let's get 9898 I don't know that's a lot
we can do it guys we have to get out
faster so we
Pokemon oh hey cuz they move kind of
fast oh I see one okay you know trade
ahead hey you direct me okay Caleb I'm
at a stop sign where should I go that
way we're here we're here
alright let's go see what it is so it's
pretty neat historical sites or places
you can go with the kids
and it gives you more of the Pokemon
balls so we're going to stop by several
historical sites on the way okay there's
one in the car get it Elise okay it's a
bird
fidgety another one I got a zoo got it
those guys are playing pokemons go yeah
there's other people here in the
McDonald's play so I decided a park
might be the safest place to play this
game well for some reason the server
isn't working I'm guessing it's
overloaded with a lot of people using
the app what pokemon go is fun but I
think the kids had more fun just playing
outside and luckily we don't need a app
to do that
well thank you so much for all the love
and the excitement and the
congratulations about our pregnancy we
are really excited and in other news I
am really sick already
oh hi Laura I mean you're a good guy huh
well you look like good anyway I don't
know what the kids are up to but I was
just telling you guys I'm already really
mourning sick and that's been a struggle
nothing sounds good I'm throwing up a
bunch and so yeah the sickness part of
pregnancy is not very easy and I get
really sick with my pregnancies so I'm
grateful Jeremy is able to take some
time to help with the kids today and
he's going to work during nap time and
after the kids go to bed he's just you
know making extra time to help me today
which I'm really grateful for I'm scared
because he can't do that every day what
are you doing oh you know you're a
vampire you look like a man I heard whoa
we got lots of vampires
is that your baby and goodnight go to
sleep
you're going to be hypnotized hypnotized
what's that you'll be covered birdseed
you are all right so I had to throw
together a last-minute dinner but I
decided to have some fun with it so we
are doing our own pizzas you want to
make some food okay so I'm just using
this like pizza crust that you can buy
from the store and I hope that no matter
what technological advances we make as a
society we always have these containers
that pop unexpectedly can I lay it like
yeah lay it super flat so the dough was
a little too sticky so we set up a
rolling station for them to roll out
their dough and then set it back on the
pan he's got his tongue out you know
he's serious now didn't like to paint it
through she didn't like a pizza
see she's doing good
QM went with the broccoli and spinach I
think it has enough cheese okay big girl
wait no more no no more
okay the cheese has been compensated
from where hope you got enough mushrooms
so basically I just wanted to try it was
tomatoes potatoes potato
you mean Tomatoes get to me okay yeah
I've always wanted to try this now that
was high okay poor question what's your
favorite topping on pizza
okay let's try some of everybody's
Carolee did you like that one she likes
Caleb's Hey tutti frutti whoa so with
Kendra being sick it's been a good
reminder to me how much work goes into
being a mom I've been trying to fill in
and help out and I'm exhausted and it is
hard work so thank you to all you moms
out there for all the work that you do
every day
you want to go jump let's do it boy I
was feeling a little nervous about
discreetly
here you want to go do it yeah okay
brave girl let's go get Laurie go try to
run through it baby a blankie is a baby
punching me so I was sitting here and
Laura asked me if I was feeling better
and I said no I still feel sick and she
said oh is it the baby and I said yeah
and she said is it punching you and I
said no and she goes we better let the
baby come out and teach it to be nice to
you do you say that
it is scare me Thank You Kimmy we're
going to teach the baby to be so nice
can I dance out
