brother all right so the topic of
discussion tonight good we have another
baby
she's just at such a fun stage I just
love talking to her and holding her and
just oh it just makes my heart smooth so
it's making it really hard for me not to
want to have another baby like
constantly I'm like oh it's not the
right time for us yet and I know that in
my heart and so I'm just trying to be
patient and snuggle and hug on this one
believe me for wanting another baby when
she is surgery because we're talking
about how they would love to have
another baby in our family and I said
your dad and I would love to have
another baby in our family too it's it's
just a little bit overwhelming it's a
lot of work then that kid started
talking amongst themselves and Isaac was
like but mom we can help anyway they had
this whole plan of how they were gonna
work extra hard so that we could have
another baby in our family and I just
thought that was so sweet I am feeling
really nervous because I'm about ready
to take a pregnancy test it's been about
the last six months that I've been
saying to Jeremy like I think we're
gonna have another one and he at first
was not really sure about that but in
January when Laura turned 2 I remember
on her birthday he came to me and he
said you know it would be really
precious to have a baby again so tonight
was celebrating Laura's birthday I was
just thinking about how there was a time
where I told Kendra I wasn't really sure
if I wanted another kid after three it
was really overwhelming to have three
and there was a lot of stress associated
with it and anyway but now with having
her these last two years like what would
life be like without Laura she's brought
so much happiness and so much joy to our
life like I'm just really grateful
that we made that choice and the
blessing minutes bended us I can read
the results now well that's enough
pregnant fertility is not something they
take for granted I see it as a beautiful
beautiful gift and blessing to be able
to be these children's mother and we
don't think that our family is done but
we don't know when we're going to be
lucky enough to be blessed with another
child I'm kind of shaking right now but
my heart and Jeremy's heart is still
desiring to have another baby and so if
that would happen we'd be really excited
about it so anyway I'm going to take a
pregnancy test now and see what happens
when I go this guy's I was shaking
because I said definitely says pregnant
I'm grateful and emotional we're
pregnant we're gonna have a baby it's
big do guys that's a baby good night
Junior Seau
