well with Jeremy leaving his law
practice at the end of this month I
actually have some news of my own
Laura what you do in the toilet this
morning bring my dear no you didn't open
your bag
you've been pooping your pants where did
you poo-poo Omega yes you did we're so
proud of you
miss you are so stinking what are you
making
linking so having an interesting
discussion about how many kids our kids
want to have Isaac told me that he wants
to have three kids because he doesn't
want it to be too hard for his wife
because he's been gone a lot traveling
for his NBA games it's really an NBA
play well obviously but I will give them
like a 50% I love to come to my game to
some so they'll get a coupon how many
kids do you want to have when you grow
up
uh uh for and well boy girl boy my
favorite thing is that you've East wants
to live in my cold a sec oh right here
this guy's gonna build a tree house for
his family in our backyard how many kids
do you want to have buddy
I thought he was gonna say zero but he
meant eight that's a lot of kids are you
gonna fit in a treehouse I'm just gonna
get like I'm gonna get all sudden trees
stick together all right how about you
in the comments below let us know how
many kids do you want
oh well Jeremy calls for a pole there
will be a pole up here
wait um just to tell you I think my
husband will not want to like live in a
hold a sack by my mom and dad I think so
why not just because we might make
choices together so yeah we might they
might agree they might not yeah that's
what to think about mm-hmm what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna use your old phone
for my phone because I know the password
whoa so you're gonna use my old cell
phone yeah when you grow up I'll end up
there in like 20 years
yeah awesome it's all yours in 20 years
I wonder what cell phones will be like
in 20 years I bet they're gonna be very
different cell phones from when I was a
little kid or totally different what
good thing looks like how do you
describe um Jeremy they were they were
big and were they like this cell phones
all they had was numbers on them they
didn't have like a screen that you could
touch what are you a part that I listen
to it's kind of shaped like a rainbow
upside down kind of like as big as this
phone yeah Matt's doing a lot of phone
you couldn't like text anybody you
couldn't use the internet you couldn't
use apps there were no cameras on the
phones you couldn't take pictures
that's super sad how come I hate you mom
those are very nice pictures Nora I
really like them whose shirt are you
wearing
okay laughs why are you wearing Caleb's
does anyone Nate oh okay it's just big
kids like I don't keep they are
all right we're headed into the library
time to stock up on some more fun books
hey chef man's got all the power to save
the day we could get saved by Superman
it's a great song again right so while I
took the big kids to the library
Jeremy was working from home and so
Caleb was doing quiet time at home and
Laura was napping and apparently during
quiet time Caleb decided to write a song
so room as you got all the power so I'm
gonna make all of um musicals in this
book and then I'll sing them in a studio
who listen I'd yell have potty ones a
superhero wand a live human wands a
really good one that sounds like a nice
variety of songs I look forward to
hearing them do you ever play the piano
with your songs no how do I do
does a piano you just press the keys to
make the sounds you want when you're
singing the words by
Wow that's an incredible song Kayla I
love your passion so I was just holding
Laura and she looks at me and she goes
mom you got a big nose good job mom good
job
where's your nose mom can you say rubber
baby buggy bumpers what was it again
rubber baby bad news on trip oh yeah I
can say that one ready rubber baby buggy
bunker rubber baby buggy bumper rubber
baby buggy bunker rubber baby buggy
Michael Parker I love tongue twister
they're so fun so Isaac is getting us
all doing different tongue twisters you
got a really annunciate I think to do it
unique New York unique New York you know
you need unique New York
okay this one should be pretty easy Red
Bull blue blue blue blue blue red blue
blue red ball blue glow ribbon red boom
boo-boom boo-boom boo-boom rebel blue
bow Brad boom boom
sing of way better way better I know
people Wow doesn't matter sleep red wool
blue you see the focus of this hand over
here can we do it again
red wool blue ball red wool blue richard
red blue blue oh oh now you take this
off yeah well he'll it'll definitely
help I can get in the zone try it and
hopefully you're not in a school library
coz I would be embarrassing
we're taking dinner to a friend of mine
that just had a new baby I'm gonna take
her honey pecan chicken thighs and like
roasted veggies and so the kids are
helping me with the chopping we're all
set up we'll see how long this lasts
all right we've got the veggies all
ready to go in the oven my man over here
is getting the chicken ready he's
pulling it out of the marinade dredging
it in pecans is it properly dredged yes
it's very nice dredging I'm putting it
on here
very nice did you spray at first we
might want to spray no it's free take
two all right so these are boneless
chicken thighs and yeah they're honey
pecan is so good this is a really yummy
meal well I decided that last man I'm
going to add some bread in a dessert so
I'm running to the store to grab that
and I'm going to take Laura any lease
with me this is Laura's and maybe Caleb
and this is gonna be Laura's first
outing without a diaper on or a bowl of
can I do it can I do it
I mean ivy has mops they sell artisan
breads here at the bakery and my
favorite one is this one is an Asiago
cheese for so now I need to pick out a
dessert for them
how are you doing on my head
you're just wiggling your head so we
picked out four mini gourmet cupcakes
for them let's get me Haley I know wait
strap anyone all right dinner is ready
we've got veggies the chicken some fruit
bread and dessert an excuse Laura crying
she is very upset that we asked her to
wash her hands before she eats her
dinner it happens so with Jeremy leaving
his law practice at the end of this
month I actually have some news of my
own and I'm really excited to share it
with you guys sorry if I'm grinning so
much I'm just really excited about it I
am starting my own channel it's launched
it's live today my very first video is
over there right now so go over there
and watch that video and subscribe
because there's gonna be a super special
video over there tomorrow you're not
gonna want to miss the channel name is
mom stuff I just like bit my lip when I
said that okay let's try that again
the channel name is mom's stuff and
that's what you can kind of expect to
see over on the channel it's gonna be
everything that my little heart wants to
share with you all and thank you so much
to my sister she did the channel art for
me a little bit nervous I'm an introvert
and being on camera like I know we vlog
every day but sitting behind the camera
for those kinds of videos is still like
a little different for me so I'm feeling
a little shy so thanks so much for the
encouragement over the last year every
time I've seen a little comment that
says Kendra you should make a video
about this Kendra you should have your
own channel or it just really kind of
encouraged me so thank you so much for
all of that that's it for tonight oh
wait I'm supposed to tell you guys the
very best news is coming tomorrow so
stay tuned Jay how's that I'm so excited
I'm going to be doing something I've
wanted to do my whole life
