I'm so excited I'm gonna be doing
something I've wanted to do my whole
life what are you so excited about
because mom's gonna pass out our stuff
what kinda stuff summer school stuff are
you excited to start summer school
that's pretty exciting what what are you
excited about school what are you
excited about oh oh oh
well June was a really busy month for
our family lots of traveling lots of
time with family it was awesome but I'm
really excited for July and to kind of
settle into some of our summer routines
and one of the things that I want to do
during the summertime is do some summer
school so that's what we're doing today
is I'm getting out the kids summer
school supplies and they're all excited
about it all right here's your summer
schoolbooks
all right first you have a book what's
that on the book what is that I can't go
oh it's letters it's an A Oh
is there a dog you you love it
it's a dollhouse what is yeah that one's
a number workbook you can work on your
numbers thank you show me how you do it
what are you learning back
nice okay then thanks again well as
planning on the kids each only doing one
or two pages of their workbooks but
they're really enjoying it so I'm just
kind of letting them run with it for the
moment
but in real life news Laura has had to
potty accents this morning and you know
we're just trying to get back into the
groove of potty training and it's just
kind of hard like I need to be potty
trained just as much as she does like I
need to be remembering to take her to
the bathroom more often I think I need
to be setting a timer like I know she
can do this it's just going to be a hard
couple of days stuff okay through it all
right who wants to hear the big news at
the end of this month I'm leaving my law
firm my whole life I've dreamt of having
my own business and over this last year
and a half as we've been doing YouTube
I've been building YouTube clients where
I'm representing them as a lawyer and
I've been representing people in the
YouTube industry and so kindred I've
been planning and preparing to now break
off and start my own youtube law
practice obviously YouTube is more than
just a hobby for us and so I'm going to
continue doing YouTube and able to put
more time into that as well being a
lawyer is something that I love and
doing YouTube is something I love and so
combining the two is me getting to turn
my passion areas into my work
I'm really excited it is scary to jump
off and to leave my current job but one
of my lifelong mottos has been to live
life for no regrets so this job change
also is opening the door to some other
big news that we're going to be sharing
with you tomorrow so stay tuned for that
and enjoy the rest of the vlog
piano lessons in your swimsuit like
that's totally summer right there anyway
we are over doing piano lessons and then
we're going to go swimming and I'm
trying to sit down and plan our menu for
the month of July while I'm waiting like
I'm wanting to get you know just kind of
more organized and I figured trying to
do a monthly dinner plan might actually
work for our family this looks so I'm
going to see if I can do it you ready go
swimming I love your lifejacket it's
awesome show me how you swim I'm coming
we're here at the pool with our cousins
and the kids just love it
hey show us your new swimsuit nice
probably like in the rash guard like
there are a few tantrums at the end of
the pool getting changing your clothes
dinner transition I think everybody's
just tired and hungry so we are eating a
rice and Santa Fe chicken which is just
so yummy like chicken and bean dish so
what was your chore after dinner bud so
after every meal we're giving kids
specific responsibilities and we're
rotating through who's doing what
what's your chore after dinner dishes
kaleb's on sweeping duty and Laura's job
is to try to make it harder for everyone
to do their job as a parent you do
develop tricks of the trade you know
when you do all the chores so often you
learn the little secrets to make it
faster or to do it better and so it's
fun to get to teach us to the kids and
to make sure that they're learning those
things as well and learning how to work
done all right nice you back a little
bit
Gator and I were talking about how
having the kids do these
responsibilities actually takes a lot
more work for us right now but I think
in the long run it's going to pay off to
have hard-working kids so how was your
day at work
good I had seen clients that were
talking about giving me some hundred
thousand dollars Wow
I like your pretend like really good
Edward and they got to give me it today
Wow
we should celebrate with some birthday
cake whose birthday is it my birthday
you sure it's your birthday or is it the
kitty cats birthday I think it's my doll
but hey oh it's your dolls birthday why
don't you run upstairs and get your
towel okay
all right should we sing happy birthday
to her yeah what's her name ah
Frederick Sally Sally
Laura we're singing happy birthday to
Sally and we're gonna watch a movie in
half pop one two bring the popcorn we
have to also bring the microwave they
kind of come together Laura what movie
should they watch Oh jingle bells give
the boy his teddy bear and then say good
night
- good night kiddos I want to drink
water I didn't go Pig we're playing
pretend here okay pretend well do you
give them a kiss and they go to bed okay
am i learning or you mowing no I just
said good job learning I'm listening to
a podcast with bren√© Brown who's the
author of the gifts of imperfection
really good stuff I have that book I'm
reading it right now hi okay good night
who are you that's love Oh show me again
how you bow Oh princess Laura oh that's
very nice princess Lauren he's just
leaning over Oh see daisies Oh be
careful
was that a somersault yeah are you all
right good night - now I'll be there to
stay
