good morning guys it is raining out
today and we have big plans to stay home
and potty-trained Laura again so here's
what happened back in I think it was May
we tried to potty train Laura and she
did great
then the next week she got sick and then
after that Jeremy's grandma passed away
so we were traveling for the funeral on
a family reunion
then Jeremy's mom was babysitting the
kids and so basically she's been in a
pull up quite a bit and so we've
regressed a lot with potty training and
so you know this just happens like it's
just time to do it again baby
well sure hey Laura I have a present for
you Mike has a dancing play me would you
like to have your present yeah he is in
the kitchen go in the kitchen you're
excited all right so miss Laura we're
gonna potty train today I'm teaching
care of how to do a little fun we're
gonna do basketball practice yeah you
made it would you do angle back good job
Lisa and I are out running errands in
the rain together today and when we just
pulled into the store Elise asked me if
I wanted to wear earrings with her so
she picked out these earrings for me
they're stick-on and these are the ones
she picked out for herself all right
we're gonna head in looking our finest
you said you have some rings to how
we're gonna be all dressed up Lucy the
Rings whoo these are fancy oh my
goodness does it light up yeah
whoa you got some bling hey so Isaac is
training Caleb and they're getting their
workout in this morning
that was so close we almost just got
locked out of our car we've been sitting
in the car visiting and we got out and I
was just gonna lock the door and shut it
and I was like wait where's the key and
I looked in my purse and I can find that
I was like well it's probably in there
somewhere and then I just felt like I
should get back in the car and look
around and I did and I dropped it on the
floor of the car so yeah good thing we
didn't get locked out I wish we had an
umbrella an umbrella would be really
nice right Rob yes
when did you my I oh all right well Lucy
and I are out at Panera Bread on a lunch
date she ordered a Greek salad
I'm trying there watermelon feta salad
and this is a turkey caramelized kale
panini so nice to get this one-on-one
time with TVs well little miss Laura has
had a lot of success on the toilet today
and a few accidents so you're doing a
good job you're learning huh when we
have to go potty where do we go
I'm dad read on the toilet we're singing
a rain song Oh
so poor really hard it was really fun
when it for is it starting to pour now
that you're singing every single night
we're just guests leave out here and I'm
gonna make some knuckles so we decided
to get Laura a little incentive when she
poops in the toilet five times she gets
a certain toy and I got it out so that
she could be motivated by it I'm gonna
show it to her right now but she doesn't
get it until she earns five stars from
going to the bathroom five times in the
toilet Laura when you get five stars on
your chart from going into the bathroom
in the toilet five times guess what you
get Heidi I always wanted a Barbie sort
of swim Barbie so you can play with it
in the pool Karen tells me Laura will
share it okay okay we have to wait until
you go to the bathroom in a toilet five
times before we can open it she's going
away Maggie
so our girls don't own any Barbies yet
what I liked about this one is that the
swimsuit is permanently attached to the
Barbie doll and yeah I think that's
awesome well I've just been in kind of a
funk today I'm feeling lazy I would love
to just watch movies all day
unfortunately I can't do that but do you
guys ever feel like that so it's time to
take a trick out of Kendra's book when
she's not feeling good she always dances
well I definitely feel better it works
if you're not feeling good
sorry let me hear in the comments what
your favorite song is right now I know
for Isaac what's your favorite song
right now so I think my favorite song
right now I really like that song
but there's a Justin Bieber song called
love yourself it's kind of a sad
depressing song but it's in my range I'm
not a tenor and most of the songs on the
radio
seeing really really high but love
yourself is actually not that high of a
song so I can sing all of it without
being an octave lower I love it and if
you think that I'm still holdin on oh
baby you should go and listen all right
here's the kids dinner but Kendra and I
are heading out on a date so I think we
might go to Maccabees Frisch so for the
start of our date night tonight we're
just walking around this beautiful
neighborhood we drove out to it and
we're just admiring the homes and
enjoying the gorgeous weather and hoping
we don't get rained on I'm remembering
that our first date night that we ever
vlog was here
so at home Jeremy told you guys that
we're gonna be going to maggle these
fresh for dinner tonight and I don't
know what he was thinking like that's a
restaurant that we love but it's in Utah
you're not in Utah so I wish we could go
to bed please brush I'm excited we're
going to Cheddar's though and that is
good stuff I'll have to get one of their
honey croissants there so we're getting
I don't know what else repeating so
after we ordered Kendra and I had to go
to the bathroom and we joked about it I
was like well I'll wait here while you
go and we decided to just both go to the
bathroom at the same time and we came
back a minute and 15 seconds later our
drinks were gone our forks and knives
were gone and they had cleared our table
they thought we had just left so in the
future if you ever have to go to the
bathroom always leave someone at the
table just write as steak and a loaded
baked potatoes some black broccoli and
this is mango salsa tilapia over rice
so we came to a frozen yogurt place
we've not been here for a while I'm so
excited
Wow too sweet it is so sweet he's just
like I can get me alright get to choose
that one and so we're like I just can't
resist with my thumb I have to sample
everything even just like a little bit
like I want to try them all all right I
have cookies and cream chocolate cupcake
and cheesecake wait you have some food
on here and you're good all right well
we came out to the car to eat because
I'm freezing
alright poll question do you like ice
cream or frozen yogurt better
I prefer ice cream I like it to be cold
and hard to dig out I just I love that
I know Kendra is the opposite I am the
exact opposite I like soft-serve ice
cream or frozen yogurt probably frozen
yogurt the best because there's so many
fun flavors so on our date Kendra I've
been talking about a lot of big things
in our life and we have some big
announcements coming up later this week
we're excited we're so excited to tell
you guys all about it share with you so
stay tuned J house out
