we didn't test diets good morning happy
fourth of July so we're starting off the
day going to a pancake breakfast I think
it's funny that we're bringing 'wipeys
with us even if we don't need it for
diaper purposes we've just learned over
the years that pancakes and wipes must
go together in a family with kids and
probably even when our kids are done I'm
still going to use wipes because I get
syrup all over myself we all dressed in
like our fourth of July year except for
Laura she dressed herself in yellow she
doesn't get it that's okay she's our
little sunshine
they're down in their pre-sleep no play
I was going again yeah
we're pulling up to our house I was like
wait a minute we have a flag we need to
put our flag up there so here it is I
love it
no and it's so cool Laura what you see
is flag
all right I just went running I ran two
miles with some friends which I know is
not long but it was really fun and it
felt good but even though it's not hot
outside I'm like dripping like it must
be humid or something but the boys are
in here playing basketball
walking laura is the slam dunk machine
you look so sad look these are actually
stickers it looks like big tears so what
you doing I'm getting ready for my
campout okay yeah
what campout is that a firework yeah the
first one I heard actually like who
wants to see if s get all sinks or
floats me me what do you think is gonna
happen here not sick
and that sink how about a sink
ah so does it make the water taste
better hmm
no it just makes the skittle taste
better it makes this get a little more
healthy when you have water with the
skittles yeah for sure it does cause
water is healthy man Mac who's there -
boo hoo don't guys if you don't taught
you done all right
Wow
you boys what I think the guys doing so
we were invited to a friend's house for
a 4th of July party tonight which we're
really excited about and it's funny
we're not one of those families that
usually gets dressed all cute for the
4th of July but this year I decided I
wanted to so I got the kids like all
cute little you know flag shirts and
then I got them all dressed and they
looked adorable and then I looked at
Jamie and I was like oh no I forgot
about us like I forgot to get us
something to wear so I grabbed the only
blue shirt I had I'm nothing red in my
closet and Jeremy's just wearing a white
polo
so anyway next year we'll have to up our
game but at least the kids look cute off
to try to get a picture I need an
American flag jumper what were you
talking about something like that super
yummy barbecue spread excited to dig
into this please is it hard to eat on a
blanket grilled corn good
oh so the neighbors are shooting off
fireworks then Laura keeps saying
popcorn popcorn is it popcorn popcorn
what do you think of that Caleb
throw um
get her get her
hitter hitter
yes you did
that tastes game where did you get all
those straws from good good get cold
burn I wish I had burn I wish I was a
bear with furry furry hits kick a cold
bird so every time I am drying her off
after the bat she wants to sing that
song it's a Barney song it's pretty
classic
it's whoa it's gonna get cold
burn I wish I had fur I wish it was a
big very hit let's get a cold
so there's a firework show that's
actually on TV we've never seen it
before but the kids are enjoying it why
alright so poll question for the day did
you shoot off your own fireworks on the
fourth of July let us know in the poll
I don't like it I'm gonna go inside
headphones hey Laura so Jeremy and the
big kids just went out front to watch
the fireworks and miss Laura came
running back into me what's the matter
you're scared of the fireworks my
students a Stiles
you want to go outside no this starts
outside is it getting dark outside
yeah we have a 10-foot Weiss fine I
shall mother the fireworks are just loud
Oh Dana tell us no no no so we heard
they're just loud and pretty to want to
watch inside or outside okay inside okay
I'll stay inside with you is that better
cubby Laura and I decided to venture
outside buy the popcorn that was a loud
popcorn
it was so pretty she sat through a bunch
of it like she's doing well so there
would your fireworks surrounding us like
everywhere yeah it was like over there
and over there oh it's like whoa whoa
whoa how you feeling about the fireworks
buddy being brave you want to go inside
we can go inside okay yeah gonna go
inside yeah this is such a good spot at
the fourth of July JFS so at six weeks
pregnant I started spotting and I
miscarried the baby and it was such
sadness my heart was broken
