Jeremy and I struggled with infertility
and I don't think we've shared that
before on the vlog when Jeremy and I
first got married we were both in
college but we knew that having a family
was very important to both of us we
wanted to have a large family and he was
excited to be a father and I was excited
to be a mother so after just a year of
marriage we decided to start trying to
have a family and we didn't get pregnant
and we didn't get pregnant and we didn't
get pregnant and I was sad and kind of
confused and we decided to go in and see
a doctor when we went into the doctor we
did lots of testing and they decided
that I needed to be on ovulation
medication so I was on ovulation
medication for several months and each
month was an emotional roller coaster of
hoping that we'd get pregnant and not
being pregnant until finally one month
we were pregnant we were so excited our
families were so excited they'd all been
praying for us and it just we were just
so happy that's all I can say about that
unfortunately two weeks after we found
out I was pregnant so at six weeks
pregnant I started spotting and I
miscarried the baby and it was such a
sadness my heart was broken I remember
crying and the pain and the fear and the
emptiness and the heartache my heart
yearned to be a mother and I was so so
heartbroken after that Jeremy and I
decided to take a couple of months to
heal emotionally and physically from the
miscarriage then we went to see another
doctor there we did lots of ultrasounds
more testing medication shots and
artificial insemination we did this
month after month and again every month
was an emotional roller coaster that
ended with me not being pregnant it was
hard I was trying to stay optimistic and
trying to find you know the joy in the
journey and I was just aching I wanted
to be a mother and at this
had been two years of infertility that
we'd been going through finally the
doctor sat us down and he said it looks
like your body's becoming resistant to
the ovulation medication so this is the
last round of artificial insemination
that we can do after this you're going
to need to move on to in-vitro Jeremy
and I were nervous but grateful we had
one more chance so we prayed and we
hoped and we were so excited that month
to find out that we were pregnant and
that little baby is Isaac and I still
remember seeing the positive pregnancy
test
and the overwhelming feelings of
excitement and joy and gratitude and
also a little bit of nervousness and
nervousness that this pregnancy would
also end in miscarriage or that
something else would go wrong and that
somehow we wouldn't get to have that
baby but thankfully nine months later
Isaac was born and I remember the first
moment holding him in my arms and just
what an amazing blessing it was to be
his mom I was so excited and grateful
for that privilege after Isaac was born
they did some testing on me and they
said that they thought we were probably
going to end up having the same
infertility struggles
again but we were very blessed to have
elese come along naturally without any
infertility treatments and she's 18
months younger than Isaac then each of
the kids after that are just two years
apart and we haven't had to use any
infertility treatments each baby has
still felt like such a miracle to me
fertility is not something they take for
granted I see it as a beautiful
beautiful gift and blessing to be able
to be these children's mother and you
know somedays motherhood is super
overwhelming and hard but I'm so
grateful to be able to have that and my
heart aches and goes out to those women
and parents and families that are
struggling to have another baby whether
it's their first or their fourth or
whatever it is when your heart is
yearning for a child there's it's an
ache we just wanted to share this with
you guys we don't think that our family
is done but we don't know when we're
going to be lucky enough to be blessed
with another child and so you know I
think one of the biggest things I've
learned from this is that the timing of
our children isn't
hands and that he's wiser than I am and
just trying to have faith in that
process and nurturing and savoring each
of these little moments with my little
kids and looking for the joy and
motherhood instead of the drudgery i I
really do feel like I've learned so much
from the different seasons of my life
and through infertility and through
miscarriage and through now the gift and
challenge of motherhood and so anyway I
just wanted to give you guys a little
bit of a backstory about Jeremy Knight
the moment of the beauty of seeing my
daughter for the first time combined
with realizing that I had accomplished
my goal I had given birth naturally
