did you get a tattoo mark it's actually
gonna be my third triathlon that I've
ever done so I have done it before and I
love triathlons it's like my happy thing
what did you make
come awesome
so some stin trail yeah tinfoil yeah hi
sweetheart
but what are you doing I watched my kids
you're watching your kids look and look
look what I have Alice where's your ally
Oh what happened to it come on boy
Oh can you hear the birds out here he'd
be good TD oh do you hear doggy the kids
were so excited to get up and get ready
this morning like they happily did their
piano practice and they were ready to
come out and start jumping
Papa's been playing a bunch of fun games
out here in the trampoline this morning
lunch is loaded nachos
Papa's so smart I know he is so every
time Papa comes to visit he fixes
something this is what it's supposed to
look like this one up here got broken
and so because of that it keeps popping
out of these little tracks now Joe
helped fix it what's my jewel box real
hard whoa whoa get a catch at all so
close so we might want to do it a little
further away from the trees oh yeah so
my mom and I have been researching and
trying to learn all about Disneyland we
really want to take our kids some time
later this year and my mom and dad
actually want to come with us and so
we've been looking at tickets and hotels
and it's all kind of confusing so if you
have any tips for us about how to do
Disneyland definitely let us know in the
comments below and poll question for the
day
have you been to Disneyland Disney World
or no money
oh good morning Laura did you take a nap
yeah no yeah I loved that you didn't
even go to sleep yet alright so you
don't have to sleep just read your
stories okay No so while my family's in
town I wanted to take them to my
favorite earring store and show them
around I haven't been
so funny I love these speckled ones if I
could just get my ears pierced today
then I can just wear that that natural
we probably want to get the small yeah
if I wore a little of these like this
then I'll be matching with your hearings
like you're wearing right now you're
right the sunder ones I'm wearing she's
so excited about it do you think this
close with my toothpick the coloring
work of these mint ones are on my wish
list did you get a tattoo that's mark
this is what Cinderella Lisi found a
ring she likes you like shopping don't
you as you slurp your little mint so
this little girl did end up get you in
there
good job now what do you want to do you
want to jump on the trampoline do you
like our new trampoline yeah I think the
trampoline has been in use all day every
time I look out or talk to my kids
they're out here happen you guys bored a
jumping raspberries were on sale today
which means grateful raspberry our house
but our poll question for today I would
love to hear what's your favorite fruit
we'll put some up there and let us know
which one's your favorite I love
raspberries but I think my real favorite
fruit is watermelon but maybe mixed with
strawberries and raspberries that combo
is the best I'm faithful
my mind's Papa oh I'm grateful for that
we got a trampoline for Isaac's protein
I'm good for lying on you basketball and
baseball that's
and also come well oh my gosh yeah
birthday presents are the best oh she's
going in for another one what are you
grateful for this time I'm not getting
glamour grandma I'm grateful that my
family loves me we love you so much oh
do you have another one yeah I'm
grateful I just got baptized oh then
Papa again I'm grateful that we don't
currently have any travel plans because
I'm exhausted from all the trips I love
traveling but I'm ready to just kind of
hang out at home for a bet I am grateful
that I get to go swimming tonight I am
starting to train for a triathlon I'm
fun well time to take my parents to the
airport and I know we're all really sad
about it it's so wonderful when they get
to come we're gonna miss them a lot
alright was kind of a chaotic time
getting home from the airport getting
that get settled and getting them down
to bed and now I am here for my first
swim training for this triathlon that
I'm doing and it's actually gonna be my
third triathlon that I've ever done so I
have done it before and I love
triathlons it's like my happy thing well
I did it I may have looked ridiculous
but I smiled the whole time I loved it I
love love love swimming so the part I'm
actually most nervous about is the
biking part for some reason riding a
bike excuse me like I know how to but
it's not my favorite anyway I think
that's it for tonight um we'll see you
guys tomorrow
Jay house out
why don't we begin
