we all want to see him when the treasure
hunt ends i think we've spent the first
30 minutes of the morning just snuggling
with all of our kids it's so good to be
home with the snuggler little birthday
boy I can't stop smiling apparently he
was calling yesterday
Isaac Eve hey Maura whose birthday is it
today
my Mikey is your birthday no it's not
it's Isaac's birthday Oh Caleb did you
hear what she said it's my birthday yeah
so Isaac has had his breakfast meal plan
for a very long time happy birthday -
you know I've been you yeah I knew I
missed the kids but I didn't realize how
no we are going to head out bowling this
morning Isaac super excited about it and
what's really fun about his birthday
this year is that all the grandparents
are coming in for it so my parents are
already here they flew in last night I'm
Jeremy's mom's here and then tonight
Jeremy's dad's flying in so it's gonna
be a big party
you
yeah
so we decided to go ahead and let Isaac
open one of his presence right now the
NBA sticker collection book with
stickers I saw at the dollar's one I
want throwback and also they're just a
dollar so I could easily pay for it even
if I didn't get it for my birthday so
Caitlin's being a little bit of a
goofball right now but when I was a kid
I absolutely loved blowing out the
candles like that was one my favorite
things on our birthday and so we do it a
bunch with my kids on their birthday
we're getting ready for dinner and
dessert tonight we're making trifle for
Isaac's birthday cake that's what he
requested so Caleb is helping me with
that good job buddy all right I just
finished the strawberry trifle and I've
got these two on a very important Bowl
licking mission but flora if you can see
it's like all over her head now oh no we
get to go give her a bath you're this
dinky mad incre someone you put whipped
cream in your hair today is Isaac's
birthday my little hero and he wanted to
pay for the order of the person behind
us as well
Thanks you excited so after we drove
away from the sonic drive-thru we were
at two different lights where the person
behind us was right next to us and so
Isaac actually looked over and gave a
big smile and waved and he was really
nice what did you like about it is fun
so last night Kendra and I were going
through pictures of Isaac from his first
day that he was born and each of his
birthdays after that and we both were
pretty emotional like we got really
teary-eyed like our little boy is
turning eight years old you're getting
so old buddy but we just love him so
much he's been an amazing big brother a
great example to his younger siblings
dinner is ready Isaac chose everything
here there's rice poppy seed chicken
broccoli salad and watermelon with
strawberry ready to go let's get your
plate ready all right Elyse and the
cousins have made a birthday song for
Isaac you ready for this
I really wanted this one's ready thank
you
hey I think we actually found one more
thing wrong but it looks like it's just
a good blue I don't know there's a note
somewhere yeah look see if you can find
it no I'll give you a hint the viewers
can see
ah go to this secret passageway we all
want to see him when the treasure hunt
ends go to the garage
yeah a trampoline
because a good good wish for your knee
girl dear my wish already I thought okay
I got it
the thing from the dollar store awesome
easy to please
yeah how is it hey gamez we made a
strawberry trifle and a blueberry trifle
this is granny joe's recipe and we're
excited to try it oh so Isaac wanted to
end the day by playing basketball as a
family
good job Ali who is it
it's Pappy ride
Oh
yeah stabilizer go you're trying to
catch the fireplace oh it's over there
so did you have a good birthday yeah
good night yeah half sounds we're gonna
do snapchat and just go from the bells
