well I'm completely embarrassed by
recording yeah I was doing Oh No okay oh
hi we're gonna do snapchat and just go
from good morning friends today is our
first day at VidCon like the first full
day I'm so excited about all the
workshops and people that we're gonna
meet today and I'm really grateful
because today is starting with a quiet
moment like just by myself Jeremy still
sleeping and I'm able to have some time
to sit here in the calm and read my
scriptures I also think I would I do
some yoga
you know just start the day off like
that it's recharging all right well
we're walking into the Convention Center
and I'm excited for VidCon that I'm
excited because I get to wear a new
outfit today I went a little bit of
shopping for VidCon and this is a new
shirt and new skinny jeans and you look
good
sing it
so Jeremy and I signed up for a time at
the cupcake challenge so you have two
minutes to decorate a box two minutes to
decorate your cooking and I'm just
really excited because I could eat at
the big
or Jeremy when I sign about thought it
was a cupcake eating challenge not a
cupcake decorating challenge
I don't find this a bit like I owe the
pressure is getting to my Jeremy chose
vanilla
and I chose chocolate there was also a
choice for red velvet it was a Google
cream which cupcake would you have
chosen pull up here
all right well here sound like a pig
turned out
really fun and here's Jeremy I started
licking it already
you won I don't think there's much of a
competition who's this here's April guys
those are palm trees we do not have
those in Missouri all right question of
the day if you were at VidCon which
youtuber would you be most excited to
see I was really excited to see John and
Hank green they started the vlogbrothers
and they started VidCon who was I most
excited to see probably I love the
McKnight family are you guys familiar
with Brooklyn and Bailey I love cute
girl hairstyles and Mindy McKnight I
just really admired them we just bumped
into Emma and Ellie and these are mere
two days that I was charged
I got fun to hang out with Tim he's from
movies and his wife and kids are with
them right now
one of my favorite things about VidCon
is that it's totally normal to walk
around talking to a camera all right
well I just went to a family vlogging
panel and I loved that I got to hear
from the McKnight family and the daily
bumps and Family Fun Pack and I just
I've been such a nerd I took no I just
love hearing from them so I'm back with
my log home Jeremy and the first thing
he does me is that I have a mustache I
drink this like dark purple like
smoothie this brush no but you have a
little so embarrassing stuff I like
taking pictures of people with somebody
just took a little Polaroid picture of
us and I
like what is so fun about holding a real
bowling with guys
just a bunch of friends around the fun
a really good great evil
alright so there's a picture group
good morning so at home laura has been
coming in and waking us up every morning
at 5:00 and I thought that when I was
here I could sleep in but I can't
I've been up late yes isn't what he's
clearly up guys I'm up he's up wait is
were having the funniest conversation
about morning people because I'm not a
morning person you probably know that
but this morning because of the time
difference I got up at 6:00 a.m. because
that was 8 a.m. our time so I'm sitting
here I'm like Jeremy I had the best
morning like I am totally a morning
person I'm just a morning person after I
get a full seven or eight hours of sleep
and it's like after 8 a.m.
like that's my version of a morning
person but I'm really happy in the
morning I just don't like before 8 a.m.
in the morning
because money the crowds are waiting for
something around us Marie from victims
lips and she is awesome I was so excited
metering her this is Italian ice with
ice cream on top it's blue raspberry it
looks really good what baby did you guys
go with a weak daddy
it's cherry orange a pineapple yeah yeah
this is Austin and Jess Crossman just
watch hey guys how do we go way back
with that last bit done every summer
this is Heidi and she hi very three kids
right now but I had to say hi she's from
well they're napping the joggers
if you give me a kid
you
I came up from New Zealand to VidCon to
say hi sounds gorgeous I'm completely
embarrassed so I took forever to decide
what to wear this morning I tried on one
of it then I tried on another like I
just wasn't feeling it and that's still
embarrassing like I'm an adult I should
be able to decide what I want to wear
today but Jeremy had already left to go
to a thing this morning so I didn't have
any other opinions and so I was just
standing there anyway but one of the
things that's so hard for me about my
personality is how indecisive I am and I
desperately want to conquer that one
step at a time it's going to be a great
day do you guys ever take a really long
time deciding what to wear oh and do you
guys have any advice what do you do when
you can't decide what to wear because
leaving the house naked is not an option
so I really like skeeball it's probably
my favorite arcade
it doesn't mean I'm good at it you're so
close
all right so we're having lunch and
we're actually finding the like mill for
right now and I look over injury--oh
signing it with a crayon was a hugely
they've never been in their dead life
I'd never been in there so if here was
life odds
we are just meeting up with a bunch of
different family vloggers doing a big
picture with everyone doing a huge
picture yeah so I'm supposed to wait for
Jeremy to talk to the kids today but I
can't like he's in the panel and I just
missed them so I'm trying to call them
voicemail I'm trying again maybe
somebody else Lance
so I come out of the bathroom and he's
trying to call the kids without me I
knew you were coming up I'm sure I saw
you to push he doesn't know that I've
called them twice today without him they
don't but they haven't answered oh man
we haven't been able to get ahold of
only their 40 good well we miss them I
know I really do miss miss them too
we are so excited to be friends or
family they hadn't beat up like three
hours ago and they're still going
soberness jumpin how long how are you hi
sweetheart
I miss you Laura
what science city that's cool for dinner
we went to Fuddruckers with Family Fun
Pack the Ballinger family and slave
folks it was a lot of fun
oh just gets you to me out of snapchat
guys look you've created a monster like
a Hugh Grant now make you a puppy that's
all you happy now that's snapchat can
you see it yes I know I'm like the last
person to learn about this Kendra see so
we're here with Chris and Jessica I'm
gonna try I'm gonna officially is this
your first one we're capturing this snap
music time okay our baby party yeah
let's do it
oh no Mike really oh hi we're
gonna do snapchat and just go from the
gum was the best step I'm okay I'm
converted snapchats amazing I was the
greatest five seconds I've ever seen
it's so quiet down there today we are
all packed up and ready to head home I'm
really excited to see the kids and kind
of sad to see the weekend come to an end
final thoughts good cat was awesome
