where are you going you going in the car
where you heading on your trip in the
car all right well I tried to get
everything as ready as possible for
Jeremy's mother who's gonna be watching
the kids and so I've got like the meals
out with instructions and recipes a
diaper bag all packed some extra money
for when they go somewhere fun macaroni
and cheese some treats and all of the
menu and everything is posted up there
anyway it's hard to leave the kids but
it's nice to know that they're gonna
make great memories of granny Joe and
granny Joe's gonna take great care of
them where where's mommy going
he'll come a minute epsilen I am going
on an airplane what are you gonna do oh
you're gonna have gum who's gonna stay
here and babysit you I can't Michaela is
and who else is coming gang granny who
Oh granny Joe is gonna be here
is she gonna take care of you yeah I
mean this hi yeah in the car I am gonna
go ahead led a chi I'm gonna go in the
little car I'm gonna drive to the
airport I'm gonna get on an airplane I'm
gonna fly to California
hey and daddy gonna come and a flying at
8a you yep daddy's gonna come with me to
California and then we're gonna come
back okay okay I'm gonna give you big
hugs
okay let's take these two one two should
we face saying yeah right now we're
still well the last hour has been really
hectic we pulled ourselves away from the
kids it was hard to say goodbye then we
hurried to the airport and we were
running a little bit behind so we're
like rushing to drop off our bags and
anyway now we're about ready to go
through security and we got some yummy
salads expensive airport food but at
least it looks delicious which way do I
go
anyway
when we got to meet a viewer her name's
Hannah and I should have grabbed out the
camera but it was just fun to get to
meet her we love seeing you guys so if
you ever see us
look we're so close to the ocean right
now so sad about going maybe on our way
back to so there's a poll question
before yeah if you could swim in the
ocean or in a swimming pool which would
you prefer all right so here's a poll
question have you been to the ocean and
if so which ocean have you been to
while we were standing out on the
sidewalk tons of uber cars passed by and
only one or two taxis yeah and it's
amazing how technology can completely
change an industry like there used to be
taxis and now there's a new bers and
it's just because of an app that someone
invented it's funny I just read a book
to the kids at home about a taxi and the
kids were like what is it taxi and we're
talking about like hailing a taxi and
you know big cities and what it was like
and then to come here and see that
Hooper's driving around but it's fun
okay we made it to our hotel it's really
kind of cute I think look at these
little double doors and there's a bed
and a Jeremy ooh you unpacking yeah
whenever we go on a trip during me
always unpacks when we get there I think
that's cute
so I just went to our first VidCon
mingle and it's funny how you go in at
first and no one knows anyone and I
remember walking around the room and I
didn't recognize any faces yeah and it
can be really awkward and lonely but
after a while you do bump into some
people and you have those conversations
and realize that everybody else is
feeling the same way and I was able to
meet some really great people so good
times
Wow I love this shirt alright we are
hanging out with Andrew and Hannah and
their kids they're over at Sly Fox
Channel and it's so fun to talk about
life and the YouTube life if we're
having a ton of fun hanging out on so
many levels it's awesome we're seeing
the Disneyland fireworks and Kendra
hasn't been teasing I haven't and I have
an obsession with fireworks so I'm just
our kids haven't been to Disneyland I
think we're gonna have to go sometimes
this year this year I'm setting a goal
we're doing it work dear Sam that makes
a lot of it this is such a sweet moment
I want to remember this forever
