this is such a sweet moment I want to
remember this forever so it's just me
and these four at Sam's Club this
morning and I didn't make a list but on
the drive here I asked each of the kids
to remember a couple things so hopefully
that works out Lacey what are you in
charge of remembering um fresh fresh
salsa Kayla what are you in charge of
remembering these boxes good job
Isaac paper products nice nailed it we
did it now I just have to go load it up
in the car and I even successfully
sneakily bought a birthday present for
Isaac and he doesn't even know it's in
here I did it
it's not easy to sneakily buy a birthday
present as a mom so I feel like that's
like worth major mom points so during
lunch Isaac asked me to play this game
where we pull out music from classical
composers and they try to figure out who
it is and they guess and it's fun we
just finished yeah yeah
good guess can we finish it for Elise
yeah for Elise Beethoven didn't write it
for you
okay you play it for you these we were
hoping to mail a package to some family
but the post office office part of it is
closed but they do have this kiosk here
for self-service I want to give that a
try
all right stick it in there okay Caleb
lift it up we sent the package this is
such a sweet moment I want to remember
this forever so somebody got in a little
bit of trouble at our house and he was
in timeout and then he said mom dad I'm
ready for you and I came in to see him
and he had written us the sweetest
little note I'm gonna show him Kayla
love mom and dad
I sorry that I disobey love mom and dad
this is so sweet Kayla did you write
that note all by yourself I'm so proud
of how I said you did not professional
oh you can't send it in an envelope
that's why I'm gonna take a picture of
it so we can have it forever
you know we all make mistakes in life
and I'm so proud of you Caleb that was
so nice of you to write an apology mount
what are you guys doing the same which
birds would be good for a basketball
team you're trying to pick birds that
would make a good logo for a team yeah
and I'm gonna make teams like the LA too
and they're all Gandhi Birds the Florida
flamingos something like that yeah I
like the brown pelicans they're brown
pelicans Tom the Arizona cactus wrens
let's go again here cut now okay let's
go let's go
you guys want to drive out the windows
down yeah it will be warm I think it's
like 95 96 degrees oh yes my car still
manually rolls down the window so I love
listening to soundtracks I have a CD in
right now of soundtracks and the kids
were rocking out to it with me
national treasure
yeah
Harry Potter this is really good oh yeah
if I showed you before him sometimes
when I putting the kids to bed I'll
listen to soundtrack music - it's
probably one of my favorite genres so
I'd love to hear from you guys in the
comments is there a soundtrack that you
really love from a movie let me know
what your favorite movie soundtrack is
or one of your favorites so we're
finally going to fix that time that
Caleb cut his own hair it's going to
look good
we do a great buddy
what's good elese what do you think I
get so I woke Laura up from her nap
about an hour ago and she's just been
kind of cranky like she had taken a two
hour nap and if I don't wake her up that
she's a bear to put to bed at night and
so I had to wake her up anyway then I
didn't see her for like a few minutes I
was busy with the other kids and I was
like where's Laura and I come into her
room and look what I found
she put her stuff back to bed I feel so
bad why here up again because she must
be so tired but if she sleeps now she'll
never sleep tonight and then of course
in the back of my brain I'm like is she
getting sick I hope not
so we came in to TopGolf
Kendra and I for our date today
but it's a two-and-a-half-hour wait and
you can't call ahead and make a
reservation and we drove we drove 30
minutes here's as you know this is a
good idea and we're gonna do it another
day all right well we decided to go with
Plan B which is just to go out to dinner
together and we're going to a famous
Kansas City barbeque place which is
called Jack's Zach and Jeremy and Brent
both really love barbecue so I think
you're gonna enjoy this you know you're
at a barbecue place when they bring out
your side salad and it looks like this
it's huge
goodnight jsow my name is Franklin Oh
your name is Kendra then what's my name
