my name is Craig Wright Oh your name is
Kendra then what's my name
oh I'm Laura good morning friends I
wanted to tell you about what happened
this morning
I woke up to the sound of yelling and
screaming and fighting and I obviously
got out of bed and I went into the boys
room and they were in there just yelling
at each other and normally what I would
do in that situation is I would raise my
voice higher than theirs and I would say
stop fighting and start dishing out
consequences now I gotta clean your room
you gotta do this you know and today I
did something different and instead I
walked in and I used a quiet firm voice
and I said boys get in your beds and be
quiet and they both sat down on their
beds and then I knelt down in the middle
of their room and I prayed out loud and
I prayed for God's help in our family to
drive out the spirit of fighting and to
bring the spirit of love and I prayed
for Isaac and what a wonderful big
brother he is and I prayed for Caleb and
for his sweet spirit and the joy he
brings to our family and then I prayed
for God's help I said we don't want to
be fighting we want to get along but we
need your help we can't do this alone
it's hard and it was a beautiful
experience like they both came and
cuddled down beside me and we were able
to resolve everything and it had such a
different feeling about it this is just
a reminder for me like this is how I
want to be parenting this is how I want
to be disciplining and I fall short so
often but I'm trying and every time I do
parent and that way it always goes well
so I'm trying I'm trying to get there
anyway after that our day has been going
really well and yeah we're off to a good
start
like this Laura
Caleb did you build that that is
incredible
so is that the chimney yeah I see it
it's a little house that's a big one
it's a ginormous one how you doing good
you did awesome with that all right so
yesterday Jeremy and I did that juice
cleanse and at the end of the night I
was thinking how you know the cleanse
was supposed to make me feel healthy and
like a fresh start to healthy eating and
instead I was so hungry like I just
wanted to eat anything or everything
like I wanted to eat all the food but
this morning I woke up feeling so much
better and anyway I'm wanting to kind of
just be careful about the way that I'm
eating like purposeful deliberate so
here's my lunch
it's a Southwest chicken salad with a
lemon vinaigrette over it anyway I'm
excited what are you doing hey you just
wavin I like you you like eating you Wow
don't do that dude
did I do that right yeah high five all
right so Miss Elise just wrote the word
read and I did all these bottom ones
without mom's help you are awesome sauce
so Elise and I are sitting down this
afternoon to do some reading work and
it's funny like it's not until I was
teaching English to my kids that I
realized how complex the English
languages like they write something I'm
like actually it's spelled this way or
we're going over spelling rules and I'm
like
yeah I don't know why we do this but we
do so anyway here's my question for you
the poll question of the day is is
English your first language or is it a
language that you've learned after your
native language I'm so impressed with
everybody that learns English that way
and anybody that knows foreign languages
personally I've studied German and
Spanish and I love languages that I'm
not fluent in anything which is a bomb
my name is Frankie
Oh your name is Kendra then what's my
name Oh I'm Laura no I'm not good work
summertime means lazy afternoons what is
your favorite lazy afternoon activity in
the summer time let us know in the
comments below I think my favorite is
doing dishes
ahh these are so good
you like them what I think I have these
done before what are they called
edamame yeah good job
look they're a different color yeah so I
don't come in Cod's and some of them
come are you Joe apples edamame and
animal crackers is the kid's snack this
afternoon i won I so excited for you she
has lost over it over and over again and
you did
doing really good and finally she got
first by by 11 second alright here's my
dinner prep crew caleb is cutting the
yellow squash in half oh is Elyse we're
also chopping up these veggies good job
there buddy
all right well I made a little marinade
for the fish and this is a new recipe
that I've never tried before so
hopefully it turns out okay I've
actually only cooked fish a couple of
times in my life and I want to get
better at it and so I'm trying it today
but of course I planned fish for the
night when Jeremy's gone at a mediation
and he has no idea when he's going to
get home
like I texted him once the middle of the
day like do you have any idea and he
said nope no idea at all so I don't know
when to have dinner done for him and
fish can't just like sit in wait so that
was poor planning on my part hopefully
his mediation is going on all right so
here's dinner all ready to go and we're
missing Jeremy but grateful that he's
working hard for us and we'll save him
lots of yummy food here's the veggies
with some red potatoes and the
strawberries and raspberries some cooked
carrots and huh - laughs yeah well I got
home late today from a long day work I
had a hearing this morning and then I
was in mediation and it is seven o'clock
so everything went well everything went
how we hoped and and I'm still happy for
my clients and I feel that weight lifted
off my shoulders
anyway hope you guys have a number for
me she helps out fee fie fo fum here
comes mummy mum mum shut the door
