so Elise just came up to me and she
touched my tummy and she said mom it
looks like you have a baby in there do
you have a baby in there I love that
song
curtsy it's a very elegant curtsy this
o'clock curtsy
so today Jeremy and I are trying a juice
cleanse we got it from a health cafe in
the area so we paid for like all the
juices for the day and they're numbered
so you know which ones to drink when
there's five juices and you also get to
have a cleanse salad and a protein ball
at some point in the day which was what
made me decide that I was okay with
doing a cleanse but yeah we're just kind
of wanting to restart our systems then
feel fresh and um it sounded like a fun
thing to try so we're doing it we'll see
how it goes but this drink is actually
really good I'm nervous about not eating
very much today like it's just juices
and the one salad this one's actually
really good
Kobe's looking like he's ready for some
kind of adventure today what what do you
got going on bud I'm getting ready you
gonna go out and rake in the forest
raking up a point on the grass okay you
got something in your throat hmm
so he's raking leaves in the summertime
well there really are some leaves down
here Caleb was super motivated about
this he's been thinking about it since
last night so I'm not sure why it is but
my kids love to help me with the trash
well the kids asked if they could paint
and I said yes which is a big deal
because often painting I'm like oh the
mess or all right here's their little
paint trays I think ah what color are
you painting it green mean well I'm King
Orange that's right lower orange least
what are you painting almost sunset what
are you painting a sunrise mmm have you
ever seen a sunrise
alright poll question of the day have
you seen a sunrise
you know sunsets we see them all the
time but sunrises those aren't as often
because sometimes we're still sleep in
that time of day it is so fun to sit
here and watch the kids paint and it
makes me so grateful that I said yes I'm
always grateful when I say yes but it's
always hard to say yes to messiness but
it's always worth it in the end
yeah
so our number-two drink of the day it's
called go veggie or go home that's what
it looks like before you shake it let's
give it a good shake you guys shaken our
next juice can't be as good as the first
one well the color alone makes you a
question ever give that another girl
little shake just in case usually I
really like juices with veggies in it
totally doable okay totally doable not
like ooh I woke up this morning craving
this how are you feeling so far I feel
good I'm not hungry yet but the day is
young all right we are doing rotations
we've got puzzles going on magnet fun
and Isaac is getting one-on-one time
with mom and what are we gonna do buddy
feelings if you guys seem funny filling
where you fill in words and then read a
funny story
what's an adjective awesome
you ready Isaac pizza was invented by an
awesome Canadian chef named Russell
Westbrook then you cover it with brown
sauce wyndi cheese and fresh chopped
gazelles next you have to bake it in a
very hot poop if I could I would eat
pizza two times a day that two times a
day was good yeah I liked it you like
that story what was your favorite part
uh yeah I could guess that
the kids are eating a yummy lunch and we
are drinking stuff guys I want to eat so
bad I want to sneak some of those
broccoli and watermelon here's one day
though I can do this one day I'm still
feeling pretty good the big kids are
doing some math it's funny I got out a
review sheet for Isaac and he missed a
couple on something that he used to know
and it's funny how even from just a few
weeks off he's like oh how do you do
that again and you know he remembers
real quickly but if we take the whole
summer off we have to do so much review
in the fall and so you know we don't do
a ton of school when we're traveling in
the summer but when we're home I try to
include some of it during the day just
so we can kind of you know remember
stuff there is it was just Caleb yeah
but I just got a costume
oh god that's a costume that's trippy
all right well it's the middle of the
day and the house is pretty much a
disaster zone at this point so I'm doing
okay with the cleanse but I have to say
I prefer eating food this one is called
alive and alert hmm
I've had to pee so much today just a
side note okay so Elyse just came up to
me and she touched my tummy and she said
mom it looks like you have a baby in
there do you have a baby in there
there's like no leacy that's just my
skin and my stomach and that's just life
so anyway always feel good on days in
your ass if you're pregnant when you're
not
so I just went in to wake her up and she
had just woken up and what did you tell
me about don't find it and my is there
spider in your room what do we need to
do to get it okay you get despondent
Flemish Calum is apparently the resident
spider killer which I'm pretty happy
about that he is damn Oh mostly it's
dad's turn I'm not I just you'll just
get a nap gonna get it and then put it
outside yeah thank you that's a good
idea
you clean it up the puzzles for us so
our friends stop by this afternoon and
the girls immediately had to put on
ballet costumes and they've been running
around and dancing and reading and
playing it's very happy little impromptu
ballet class it is your ballet class are
you with your friends alright well it's
really warm out today so I decided to
bust out ice cubes you just eaten it
right okay look I like doing your doing
here oh this is your Nick waldir ya√±ez
no it'll just come out yep that's a
clever idea
wow you guys are making all sorts of fun
stuff out here it's funny how all the
kids are using ice cubes to make water
when really we could just give them
water but it's way more fun to use ice
cubes and make water
alright the boys are using these as
squirt guns
ah the direct shot good job Laura
get on Laura get on well this is our
cleanse salad that we're supposed to eat
for dinner tonight it's got quinoa
celery carrots grapes cucumber and then
this like lemon cleanse vinaigrette all
right well our juice cleanse day is
coming to an end and I liked it it was a
good experience everything tasted
wonderful but I for one really liked
food I and I know we even got to eat a
salad but I missed the experience of
food like I love like thinking of
something to cook and then creating the
food and then eating the food and I love
eating healthy I just and I love my
treats
I was definitely daydreaming about
different yummy misses through the day
but I feel pretty good I feel like I
could do it another day or two we
decided just to do one day but it was a
good experience I'm glad we did it yeah
so he's fun to try something new and
tomorrow I think we'll both appreciate
our food a little bit more for sure I
mean that's it for tonight
Jay House out
