that child broke down in tears and
talked about feelings that were hurt and
a hard time and we were able to talk
about and address that as a family so
Kendra is feeling super sore today
she was just demonstrating for me what
she was doing in a class doing this
you're all tough we also did a part of
an imaginary sword so we took our sword
so long around our heads and then we
sliced fullbacks
this is a violent class imaginary okay
so she's been aching and you know
struggling to do little here it's in my
life upper back which I didn't think
that I thought my shoulders were like
right here I'm like why does it hurt
down here what did you build Lacey fly
but it's got a steering wheel up front
and then there's a house are there beds
in there yeah well it's pretty cool if
you could have a flying house where
would you go to my mom's to your mom's
house
you already are in my house I know it's
just if allies a mom when you grow up
okay you'd fly to come visit me mm-hmm
well then I hope they invent flying
houses real soon and I'll put it right
in our backyard
good idea Oh gave me discipline
so we just found out that some of our
close friends had their grandfather
passed away unexpectedly yesterday and
we're just so sad for them you know we
recently went through that with the kids
great-grandmother and our hearts are
just hurting for them and so the kids
decided to draw some cards and I texted
my friend and asked her if there was
anything we could do I said babysitting
bring meals and she said no we're taken
care of but I know that they're going on
a trip like now they're going to be
traveling for the funeral service and I
know they're going to be driving so
we're going to go to the store and get
them a little baggie of things for the
drive and drop it off for them just
hopefully just so they know that we love
them and we're thinking of them and I
put it hearts on there and if either fly
and meet my friend and and then what'd
you do on the inside mm II adapted ah
okay
so they have to connect the dots mm-hmm
it's one two three four five six and
then you wrote a nice note yeah I'm so
sorry your grandfather died last month
my grandmom dad it was so sad we'll be
praying for you okay look that's a
beautiful heart Thanks what does it say
dear Gert I'm so sorry that your papa
for it doesn't say dime you need help
died ah done died it has an en daddy
Akilah why did you put so many hearts on
it because I want to know that if he
loves me yeah I love him yeah all right
we're running into the store to pick out
something I'm gonna let each of the kids
pick out something for one of their
friends and then we'll get a couple
treats for the family as we were driving
here we were talking about the privilege
and responsibility it is to comfort with
others and to mourn with those that
mourn and as a touching conversation
found this one I like that one buddy but
that's a congratulations one well I
think we found a good card for the
parents
it's all one mom binoculars is a fun
idea yes you think a Barbie these are
magnetic travel games now we're trying
to decide on a treat to add to the bag
and we're having a hard time agreeing
because everybody has an opinion about
treat I think that guys have golden
stuff I think those ones have tootsie
rolls on the inside all right a few
last-minute changes and here's our stash
that experience was so frustrating I
felt like we were trying to do something
kind I was trying to teach my children I
was trying to have this experience with
my kids and they did not behave well in
the store they were touching everything
and getting into everything and I was
losing my patience them and using my
very stern mother voice that said put
that down now don't touch that again you
know and I just it was one of those
moments where I wanted it to go one way
in my head and it was not going well at
all and I just wanted to get out of
there and I have great kids and
sometimes they behave amazingly and some
days they just don't and some days I'm a
really nice sweet patient mom and some
days I'm just not and ah ah anyway I
called Jeremy when I left the start I
said I'm never taking them anywhere
again and luckily I already had planned
that tonight I'm going for the next two
hours of my nice shopping and so I'm
getting a little break from the kids and
Jeremy is going to be home with them and
I think that's what I need it's just a
chance to recharge but she's hard
motherhood is hard like as people as we
are in the store like I saw people
looking at us and it's just hard like
you feel embarrassed like yes I know my
kids are behaving and I'm trying my
hardest and it just happens all right
I'm just getting home from work I was
thinking it'd be fun to play in the
sprinklers with the kids let's do it
all right so I'm down here at the Plaza
with my niece Michaela and we are going
shopping I'm so excited and I'm really
grateful that she's coming with me to
tell me what's cute and what's not all
right so first stop was forever 21 and
we both found something I'm excited
while we're down on the plaza I am
taking up a cleanse that Jeremy and I
are gonna try to tomorrow is from this
health cafe and its juices and the
special cleanse salad it's like all
we're going to eat tomorrow Jeremy's
been wanting to do one forever and I've
been nervous until we found this one
because it lets you eat a salad in the
mall today so I'm like this is great so
we'll tell you all about it tomorrow but
here's this week Pete alright so I'm
back in the very back corner of our yard
for a little forest back here is pretty
thick and there are ticks live ticks
here in Missouri and at an interesting
poll question do you guys have ticks
where you live let us know I'm going to
make that a poll question so anyways I'm
getting ready to clear out I'm like
getting all suited up with socks and a
hat and long sleeves and I'm going to
put DEET all over myself because I don't
want to do tips all over me
so look what I did you guys did another
work nope it's a passageway they're
exactly like Trail yeah so I made a
trail and then you get to the gate it's
the secret passageway let's not tell
anyone
oh it's our secret you're telling it's
fun of people oh no don't tell anyone
it's our little secret and your numbers
a code to them there's a code to the
secret passageway what's the code don't
you tell us
we've invented a code to the secret
passageway would Kyle know it well
tonight had some tender moments I took
Isaac and Elise with me to our friends
grandfather's viewing and it was just
sweet to be there and to be able to
share our love with our friends and
Isaac my lease were so respectful and I
felt like it was really meaningful to
them to be able to reach out in love in
a way that they had so recently felt
that sadness and then when we got home
we had another special moment one of our
children has really struggled with
disobedience and misbehavior today and a
lot of the day has been spent saying go
to your room go to timeout you get a
consequence you can't behave that way
you know it's been a hard parenting day
with that child and as we note down in
family prayer I was feeling frustrated
but I remembered this tribe that I heard
about somewhere that instead of you know
shunning and pushing people away when
they're not behaving well brings them
into the center of a circle of the tribe
and loves them and that reminded me of a
quote that I heard a lot growing up
which is love when they desert unless
you just try that again
okay the quote goes love when they
deserve it the least they need it the
most
and so what we did at that point was we
had that child sit in the center of a
little circle for our family prayer and
we each went around one at a time and
said something that we loved about that
child and then we each went around one
at a time and held and hugged that child
and then we had a big family hug and I
noticed a visible difference on that
child's face and it was a touching
moment and then that child broke down in
tears and talked about feelings that
were hurt and a hard time and we were
able to talk about and address that as a
family I was just so sweet and I just I
want to remember that moment so that's
why I'm sharing it on the vlog I want to
remember that moment
and turn to those ways of parenting more
and anyway there's a beautiful sunset I
hope you guys are having a good night
Jay house now so I'm pulling out of the
driveway and I feel a big thud I'm like
oh my goodness what did I just run over
