so I'm pulling out of the driveway and I
feel a big bud and I'm like oh my
goodness what did I just run over whoa
you are fast well I'm heading into court
today I have a hearing I'm still trying
to get back into the groove all right
good morning we are trying to get back
into a routine this morning I am headed
to the gym I'm dropping off the big kids
at piano before that and I'm actually
trying a new class at the gym that I've
never tried before it's called body
combat like that sounds fun
anyway we tried to get like chores and
beds made and stuff done this morning
and I'll be honest there was a little
bit of whining and dragging their feet
probably from the kids and me but we got
it done and I'm feeling ready for
summertime so I'm pulling out of the
driveway and I feel a big thud and I'm
like oh my goodness
what did I just run over and I get out
of car and it was this I ran over our
basketball which apparently I didn't
know was under my
so scary like one of my biggest fears as
a mom is you know running over my kids
or running over anything so whoo like
got my heart beating this morning what
are you working on my trust yeah you're
making a trap so you don't want anybody
to use your balloons and so you locked
that door yeah how are you gonna get in
oh I'll you'll undo it yeah I know huh
what's that part of the trap oh this is
just so people can't pull mmm there we
go okay now nobody get in my treasure
well the body combat class was awesome I
really enjoyed it and I did accidentally
hit myself when I was doing one of the
moves I'm sure it was pretty funny for
other people to watch like you know you
feel like you're being so tough punching
and jabbing and cutting and kicking in
anyway it was fun though so now we are
eating a quick lunch and then we're
gonna go with something here's lunch
just some broiled veggies while we're at
the pool again and I think we're gonna
pretty much live here all summer it is
so nice to be here and the kids are so
happy and they're with their cousins and
just swimming around and I'm getting to
visit with Michelle and
just lovely like you're so hot buggy and
then you jump in order and it feels
better
how's the water feel pee yeah you mean
alright well the kids and I are going
shoe shopping today because they
desperately need new shoes check this
out set a whole mm-hmm okay so those are
pretty worn out let's see your shoes
Isaac and dish that's a good size hole
is that your soccer idea yeah and then I
have this and since it this is broken
it's so loose that in soccer my never I
kid the goalie kick it's hitting people
in soccer nice like your shoe is flown
off yeah because it won't attach anymore
yeah I want to get new shoes but your
shoes are not broken
yeah they are they look just fine no
they don't
let's go shop for the other kids okay
you'll get new shoes sometime when you
need them okay
so I honestly haven't bought very many
shoes for our kids we've been very
blessed with hand-me-downs and garage
sale fines and so even then I often just
end up buying like a $5 pair shoes from
Walmart okay it looks like we're gonna
need a size 12 for you
I'm hoping to get up to one athlete I
bet I'll get like 1301 Lou you come all
the way to 13 so we're gonna go ahead
and get you a 1 excited okay what I was
hoping for how's that feel good but it's
kind of tight on the edges this is a
stuff I like and this is the stuff mom
likes clearance means cheaper so let's
look in the sunshine sound a little too
big so Isaac the way it works is then
you find all the sizes over here so you
find that one in your size hey Isaac
look
it is perfectly perfect
let's giggy's rubbish
what do you think of those ones it's
okay wait if there's nothing else that I
can get in I'll take this but our mostly
want those why do you prefer those ones
I think they look cooler
he sent me good yeah you like a lineup
Lucia me the light up can I get them no
remember you don't hang this today all
right they're really cool you are fast
tonight he is nobody remember you don't
need new shoes well we found some good
options but honestly the price tags kind
of scared me off a little bit so we're
gonna check another couple places and
see if we can find any other things that
we like if not we can always go back and
pick those what's up
I found this or those green ones I would
actually rather add this why would you
rather have those ones it's cheaper and
I like it more well about just the same
that's awesome let's see them let's look
great can we get them yes so Isaac this
is half the cost of the other ones
Wow I think these ones I want they look
adorable
let's try them on those do look adorable
Elise only was that string yeah you just
try them on at the string on so Elise
has four good options right here she
wanted slip-ons this is a hard suspicion
you can do it the girl all right so for
the same price as one pair of shoes for
Isaac at the other store we are getting
his shoes Elise's shoes and I'm getting
a popcorn popper because I've been
wanting one and I got some money for my
birthday from my grandma and so yeah
that's I'm gonna do
they are super cute
hi backhand jump like three inches
higher three feet higher so the kids
were a little rambunctious as we were
trying to get ready to do it and Kendra
asked them to sit at the table as though
they were eating with the President of
the United States and they became very
different little children even this
little one all right this is dinner
tonight we've got baked chicken
tomatillo with rice and a Southwest
salad and some strawberries
Jenner's been rockin like well duh I'm
proud of you and I love that our kids
like this kind of stuff because you make
this canister so good that mom I feel
like I've been having so much fun
cooking our cousin over tonight
well we haven't been getting very much
rain in Kansas City and so the grass is
starting to die in some places and we're
watering the lawn whole question of the
day do you have a sprinkler system I
would like to get one here at some point
is that the sprinklers uh maybe tomorrow
we'll play in it okay
say good night Jay House ow my goal for
today is to try to do 33 acts of
kindness happy birthday to you
