so it's Kendra's birthday today but it
starts off kind of weird she has freezer
Club so she's leaving early this morning
she just got up and I was like getting
ready kids are doing some final cleanup
before mom comes from cleanup ELISA and
this room for Mom's birthday good job
you guys I like your shirt shoes those
look nice turn up there laughing I'm
gonna go cook dinners oh okay okay I see
you in a minute oh you're so nice thank
you good morning friends today is my
birthday and you know birthdays are kind
of weird as you get older they get kind
of less exciting and also like I tend to
get in my head and overthink things like
I'm 33 years old this year like have I
accomplished what I wanted to you know
am I the woman that I wanted to be and
so I was kind of feeling emotional like
that about my birthday coming up and so
I was thinking last night like what
could I do to have it be a special day
for our family what could we do to
celebrate and I read a quote and I'll
have to look it up but it was something
along the lines of like peace and joy
come as we reach out of ourselves and
serve others and so I decided that my
goal for today is to try to do 33 acts
of kindness I want to lift up and
encourage others I don't want my
birthday to be about me I want it to be
about the good that can be done in the
world because that's what when I die
some day like that's the legacy I want
to leave is you know bringing joy to
other's lives so I didn't make plans for
these 33 acts of service I don't even
know if we're gonna be able to get that
many in the day but I just figure you
know we'll do what we can and try to
make it meaningful so I looked up some
things that are going on
today and one of them is working out at
a community garden and so we're coming
to help out there use this garden so
against the people that need food you
help in plant Caleb yes he yes okay so
the local Children's Hospital goes
through hundreds of boxes of crayons
every day and we have a friend who is
collecting them to give to the
Children's Hospital so we're grabbing
some to help out with that how many do
we have Laura eleven twelve we also have
some family that's thinking about moving
to Kansas City and so we are wanting to
send them a Kansas City care package
the job Laura
doing great work here sweetheart how
much boys
is it hard do you need some help and
Isaac can you help her good job put him
up there
now we're headed to the church building
to help clean this morning
we are going to go to McDonald's we're
gonna drive the really drive-thru and
we're going to pay or whoever is behind
us I've always wanted to do that and
we're gonna do it today but how we give
it to them no we're just paying the bill
they get their own food so we pay them
they order their food yep but then we
will get less money that's okay because
we're gonna serve somebody else that
maybe needs it more than us today look
there's people behind us now
look I can't see in sardian in a car
seat
we actually also wanted to pay for the
people behind us well it took a managers
approval but we did it it worked
now we're delaying going up now we want
to look we don't want to look thank you
you do she was way the mom doc behind us
was waving real nicely so we waved back
that was more fun than I thought it was
gonna be let's do it again
we are blessing people with fatty
McDonald's food the lady and her family
spent like eight bucks or nine dollars
and so the value of it is very small but
the joy that it brought to us was
significantly more than eight dollars I
also want to do that for someone on my
birth it yeah really is truly more fun
to give than to receive
like that was really fun so I bought
myself this cake from the bakery
it's a triple-layer tuxedo mousse cream
cake it looks really good no meanness
and here's what's funny is I just got
this out and really said oh is that the
same cake is last year I think it might
be we're gonna have to watch the vlog to
see I think I might have bought the same
kind of cake I had it narrowed down I
almost got a French silk pie
there was another cake I was considering
too but I like this one this is better
than 150 countries hi happy birthday to
you
right now I'm kidding if I could wish I
might be here for a while guys Kayla
wants me to wish for it to be his
birthday
I can look back to what tell me I think
let's go sleep buddy go ahead
so a really nice older couple lives next
door to us and we just thought it'd be
nice to give them some flowers they're
really great neighbors
you think they're like those so we
decided to also get Kendra some flowers
since it is her birthday
well we just had a really great
experience while I was out with the kids
we were driving and passed a man who was
on a motorized wheelchair and he was
just sitting all alone by himself and I
felt like we should go back and talk to
him I didn't know what to say but we
went up and ended up getting into a
great conversation heard his story heard
about his struggles he's been battling
MS and you know for the last 12 years
he's been in a wheelchair and we prayed
with them and it was just an amazing
experience in it I wish that I was more
committed more often to focusing on acts
of kindness and reaching out to others
because it really does bring so much
happiness and it was just a great
connection with him I'm headed out to go
work out I'm headed out to go work out
first work out of being 33 years old
booyah this is Evan oh they couldn't see
the dance cuz they just saw my head then
I'm gonna finally get showered in put
some makeup on this pretty face what do
you guys doing we are making some
letters for a couple people some people
in my family is neighbors
wait
do you remember when we ain't going here
and that restaurant caught on fire would
be funny baby let us treatment that was
amazing
that would be awful so we're down here
on the plaza before coming out we took
some flowers to our neighborhood just
moved in and it was so good to talk to
her it was good to get to meet her I've
been meaning to go over they just been
here a few days so let's look delicious
I'm so excited I wanted to like feel
good inside after I ate my birthday
dinner
another good deed she found trash
I found trash I'm just putting in the
trash can
all right well my birthday is coming to
an end we're enjoying being down here on
the plaza together but we were just
reviewing our day and talking about the
things that had happened and counting
the acts of kindness and guys I think we
came to 18 which is not 33 which means
it's kind of a fail I think we forgot
some of them maybe I wish I was just
younger I was younger and we could have
succeeded Davis this game's gonna be
really hard when you're 55 oh dear
it would never actually was about the
numbers though it was just this was just
an effort to kind of get outside of
myself and to spend the day trying to
think about others and bringing smiles
to their faces and I was honestly one of
my favorite birthdays like I'm not
trying to sound cheesy or anything but
it just was a great birthday well I'm
really proud of Kendra as a person she's
amazing and I'm grateful that she's my
wife and I hope you have a happy
birthday
you just gonna make me blush Jael so my
face you are so stinking cute
