my face alright so like 20 cute moments
from today and a bunch of cute stories
that I want to tell you guys here's what
happens sorry my garage door is kind of
bad planning to vlog at this moment on
my part time out for you to understand
what Kendra is talking about here I got
to give you a little bit of background
at the beginning of the day Kendra and I
decided we weren't going to vlog that
day things have been crazy for me at
work and we were just going to take this
day off but then through the day really
cute things kept happening with the kids
and Kendra and I would look at each
other and say I wish we were vlogging
this so finally around 3 or 4 p.m.
Kendra picked up the camera and this is
what happened timon I just had a lot to
tell you guys here's what I'm saying is
you know we were trying to take this day
to not worry about getting footage and
what actually happened was I ended up
just missing being able to record and
remember all those little moments like I
don't have that great of a memory
without vlogging I don't know how much
this stuff I would remember and I think
vlogging has really helped me like find
the little nuggets of goodness and every
day like yeah today's been hectic Isaac
went to piano camp we've been like going
back and forth from different places and
maybe I didn't have very much time to
pick up the camera but it's like we were
doing anything amazing like that's why I
was okay not vlogging like it's just a
normal day but sometimes it's those
normal days that have the funny moments
and the magic and you know I don't
really know what I'm saying but those
are some of my thoughts about vlogging
let's go get my driver's license picture
taken and I'm gonna vlog for the rest of
the day because that's what this morning
taught me is that I guess I kind of like
vlogging well I was too shy to take any
video footage in there but I waited
forever like no wonder the license
department gets such a bad reputation
for having such long line it all works
out just fine we're gonna go swimming so
I just feel bad for the kids who are
waiting at home like I think they've
been like sitting in their swimsuits
look how ready they
are you're ready to go swimmin oh you
guys are playing a game oh you're the
best babysitter so my niece was awesome
and was home with the kids and
babysitting them for part of the day
today so I could run out to the DMV and
which is the Department of Motor
Vehicles just in case you were wondering
anyway I just love living by family and
my niece all my nieces are just awesome
like I love how much they take such
great care of the kids and play with
them so nicely it's like we're really
blessed just a matter Liese I what
happened to your eyes oh wow waters so
we're sitting here any Lisa's eyes
you're irritating her and I said she oh
she has her sunscreen on already and I
said it's because it's melting on your
face and then it's dripping into your
eyes and she goes my face she was all
there was about it you are so stinkin
cute
could you just stop me with the camera
and he was like what are you doing and I
was like I just decided to vlog I
couldn't not vlog did you tell about all
day we were like we should leave London
yeah we did
sneaky yeah I can look we are eating in
our jammies you guys went swimming and
you all wanted to get in your snuggly
warm jammas water not
mmm-hmm Talyn yom real veggies now
handle up watermelon Baroness a clock
and some chicken going you already ate
your girl minis did you like them that's
noodle looky noodles and cheese oh I
think swimming really tired everybody
out
thanks guys also to hablo a little bit
of a joke grip you buddy
did you like swimming today hmm gentle
again and then again and again again and
again
all right stinks go to bed
so good night good morning it's midnight
oh good morning so I just went to the
gym again tonight and it felt great I
watched them like HGTV like House
Hunters International show and I
listened to an inspiring talk and then I
came home any ice cream which I think
completely nullifies the point but I
went to the gym tonight but I had fun so
that's what matters in other news
tomorrow is my birthday and I think I
finally came up with a plan that I'm
excited about for my birthday tomorrow
sorry my house all of a sudden start
itching so you have to stay tuned to see
what we do for my birthday I am going to
old I am going to be 33 years old
tomorrow which is a third of the way to
a hundred and this man is doing the
dishes for me thanks when I give us a J
house J house out you read my mind
so when Isaac asked me to come out and
play with him I initially said I
couldn't because I still have a lot of
work to do today
and I'm so glad I did that was
definitely my favorite part of the day
