good morning but it feels so good to be
home everybody's left in their beds last
night and it's just so nice to be back
in our own space and anyway because of
time change jetlag the kids all slept in
this morning so they got up at like 8:30
it's 9:00 and Lisi is so sleeping hey
Caleb for your Shore this morning can
you go clean the bathroom very pop Wow
making Razzleberry pie is this the
recipe dazzleberry pie it razzle berries
and then crush YUM what a razzle berries
look like I don't know
so the saddest thing is happening our
great friends that live just a few doors
down from us are moving and we've known
they are moving for a while and we came
back from our trip and there's a moving
truck actually parked in their front
like driveway and I'm like no like don't
I don't want this to be real and we're
excited for them like they're moving
back to be by family but our kids have
spent so many hours and days and
afternoons in the backyard playing
together and they play so well and we
just love them so much like it's been
heaven to have them as neighbors and so
my heart's just aching a little bit like
there's just gonna be a void when they
leave and it's just it's just hard to
have friends that you love so much
move away so anyway I'm especially sad
for Elise and their little girl
Charlotte like they have a special bond
they've been good friends since they
were three years old and I'm looking
awake up and looking out the window at
the kids swinging and it's Elise and
Charlotte just swinging and talking and
that's been their life they are going to
be dearly missed all right so here's
Lisi and her great friend Charlotte yeah
did Charlotte just give you that picture
yeah yeah why did Charlotte give you the
picture because she's feeling hmm and
that is Oh
all right the big kids and I we're
headed into the library because we just
got back from our trip and we don't have
any library books that we're missing
that but as I was driving up I was
remembering the last time that we were
in this library and that was when the
tornado sirens were going off and we
were heading in and taking shelter
Jeremie up here to the left is the
library can we pull in there maybe when
you're driving you're supposed to take
cover okay let's uh play on the left
there's
this is insane Caleb found a drawing
book and he went right to work on it
Caleb what did you draw
I draw a boat a boat nice work
well I wanted to vlog when we were
leaving the library but my arms were
full of all of these books we checked
out 80 books and I'm so excited to get
home and read do you have some boogers
that's so serious sniff I don't have
good job did you miss a blown see and
that's what we're supposed to do Isaac
do you need a Kleenex did you Jimmy got
clean eggs so we came home from Arizona
and they all have cold so all day long
like I'm like and iam Kleenexes and then
at night I hear coughing but anyway who
is how I got a turnip AC all right to
the grocery and I actually tried
something new I let each of the kids
choose something that they want us to
get from the store today but it wasn't
like pick out a treat I said guys
pretend that you're the mom or the dad
going grocery shopping I want you to
think of something our family needs and
let me know and they each pick something
solely see what did you choose great
grapes
mana bananas dude you've got boogers
let's wipe that huh moms that one's too
soft
oh I think you did it I think that's the
one but we need a couple that's another
good one
all right we got your bananas whoa
raspberries are on sale you know what
that means
we did it
what are you doing let's cook it anymore
okay you're gonna cook your cakes more
okay okay let's see if it done not done
yet so it's been a crazy day and the
evening still is really hectic but I
threw together real quick black-bean
spinach enchiladas here it is it's an
easy vegetarian meal and I just was
craving home-cooked food okay to be
honest Jeremy and I both gained a little
bit of weight on vacation and so we were
wanting to eat something really healthy
and I knew I could get this done quick I
also put some rice in the rice cooker
and just after traveling for a while you
know you get sick of eating differently
and you kind of crave your normalcy so
yeah we're eating that for dinner
if you're interested in the recipe I'll
post it over on our J house vlogs
Facebook page and if I forget just
remind me in the comments below and then
all go upload it Caleb's been super
helpful he has been doing all the dishes
he loaded the whole dishwasher so far
and Miss Lee she's putting away laundry
so the kids all got to pick a book from
our new library stash and we're going to
sit and read I'm so grateful that the
kids were helpful and helped me get the
work done so now we can relax and read
while the dinner is finishing cooking
and as I was talking I just realized
something super embarrassing I had on my
sunglasses and my regular glasses
Jeremy's home from work it was a good
day of work every time we come back from
a long trip there's a lot of emails from
like a week ago I'm still going through
that yeah anything and that's heaven we
didn't have cell reception or internet
so I'm catching up on a lot of stuff it
feels good to get in there and get some
work done for sure all right dinner time
for friends and family I'm grateful for
airplanes and airports I'm grateful for
functioning cars thankful for champagne
it's for strawberries you I'm grateful
for history that we can read about what
happened with like the world wars or
what happened at the Industrial
Revolution that we can learn from the
past going forward friends nope she's
not grateful it's hard getting home from
a trip like you're trying to dig
yourself out I'm actually kind of
struggling with feeling discouraged
because I feel so behind like there's so
much to do to catch up on and I'm just
kind of still emotionally and physically
exhausted but I know I need to be gentle
with myself and just you know keep
working on it it's just a hard balance
so during our 12 days in Arizona I
didn't have a scale and when I came back
I weighed 6 or 7 pounds more so I'm
gonna play with the kids tonight and
incorporate it into an exercise routine
I'm going to try to play Isaac and
basketball while pushing Elise and Laura
I remember when I was a kid my mom would
come out and she would jump on the
trampoline with us for 30 minutes and
then she would play basketball with us
for 30 minutes and that was her workout
and we loved it we had fun and she was
getting good exercise so when I continue
on that tradition
so when Isaac asked me to come out and
play with him I initially said I
couldn't because I still have a lot of
work to do today but I'm so glad I did
that was definitely my favorite part of
the day J house
the car seats the hardest part
we're exhausted and we're locked out of
our house
