good job buddy
my older sister Tiffany is an actual
yoga instructor so she's going to show
us how to do it and I'm also excited
because Jeremy's doing it with us all
right I was in charge of breakfast this
morning so I decide to make monkey bread
and hard-boiled egg and we have some
fresh fruit and some yogurt
the monkey bird i boiled eggs and what's
this one called
monkeys bread mmm
hey how are you I have done headstand
okay so basically bad rat them you're
out of practice yeah you'll get better
at it as you keep practicing look at
that Wow
all right we are in charge of lunch
today and it's right after church so I'm
trying to get lunch ready before we go
to church we're making chicken salad
sandwiches and my kids are being such
amazing helpers oh my god I know I've
got like this little army of helpers and
my sister yeah trying to get like 18
people to church on time we'll see how
that goes
see - 23 minutes in two days I'm really
excited to get to go to church together
with my family today we all live in
different states and so for us to be
together at church is just kind of a
special time for us and we made it on
time which is a bonus can you hold the
door for us Isaac thank you what a
gentleman
so we're driving home from church and
Jeremy's like wiping his nose he's like
me and I've had so many boogers lately
like I think we all have colds or
something anyway he's wiping very
carefully and then he blows really hard
and there was a huge amount of snot that
went here like I was trying to drive and
blow one handed don't ever try this and
a huge thing of snot landed on my jacket
guys it was massive it he couldn't even
blame it on a child so nice time to dry
clean the suit jacket I guess
so my brother Mike whittles he's
whittler he wiggles like trees and name
plaques and dish soap bars it's really
cool so I asked him to give me a little
lesson where it'll just take a fine
shaving all the way off the top so my
brother has these what are these gloves
called
they're just cut resistant Kevlar gloves
cut resistant gloves and he's got some
knives so I'm gonna give this trick we
are keeping the children within a
certain distance you want to make sure
you don't get too close so then if she
slips she can't accidentally cut you
he's good
oh yeah I'm so good thanks Lisa nice
here you are officers this is Michael's
soap dish and he's letting me try the
hook knife and try to whittle it he
makes it look really easy but it's
actually not super easy all right so
here's the soap dish that my brother did
and I give tributed I kept out that and
then we also did I started the Jay house
and Mike tried to fix my mistakes but
there it is the Jay house did we make a
mess yeah what should we do about it
when you clean it we need to clean it
yeah what should we use to clean it and
why notwhy day Oh some water how about a
broom No do you want to get a broom and
sweep it up okay bye so I came over to
admire the artwork and I was totally
impressed with Jeremy skills oh my
goodness look at this it's very deep
that's not quite finished yet all right
we'll see if an inside unicorn in the
princess is yet to finish my story so
Papa and Isaac are doing a BB gun
they're shooting at these balloons it's
not loaded right now so what I want you
to hop is going through some serious gun
safety before you know it gets to do
anything on his own do you see this
green dot when that dot is right in
there that's where it will shoot so I
want you to aim at a balloon
okay try to shoot the blend here okay
huh got it good job buddy all right well
the reunion has gone way too quickly
we're saying goodbye this evening to
some of my family and then tomorrow
morning we're going to be flying home
sad to say goodbye
so for these last four days one of the
things I've loved the most about being
here at the cabin is no cell reception
no internet it's sad to me how often I
think to look to my phone to check
something out social media or something
related to work and I've loved this
detox time to just separate myself from
my phone and I want to try to do better
at that when I get back home - not so
often beyond it so tonight we're doing
candle light yoga which I'm so excited
about like I'm a little giddy about it
my older sister Tiffany is an actual
yoga instructor so we're set up out here
on the back deck with tranquil music and
the Stars and the mountains like this is
amazing so she's gonna show us how to do
it and I'm also excited because Jeremy's
doing it with us he's not the only guy
though we've got Sam well that was
incredible to be able to do yoga under
the stars and be able to see Tiffany in
her element and I was also really
excited to have Jeremy try yoga with me
I really like yoga and so for him to you
know get out of his comfort zone and try
that with me was really special well
that was really fun that was like my
first time to do yoga and I'm not
flexible at all but it was really
relaxing and something I would like to
do more of Tiffany is an amazing teacher
so question for you guys do you do yoga
have you done it let us know in the
comments good night dear cell so Papa is
taking all of our family on a faith walk
the kids are particularly excited about
this activity because they all have
flashlights
