so I'm going to try to learn how to
drive the ATV a little bit nervous so
Papa is taking all of our family on a
faith walk so we're having a breakfast
casual this morning Greek yogurt and
granola we've been taking turns as
siblings of who's doing each meal and
that's a really enjoyable part because
everyone's bringing their a-game I am
making a smoothie this morning which I'm
so excited about because my sister and
my mom recommended that I put an avocado
in it and I'm excited to try it let's
see how it turns out
um is there like an on button yeah right
there okay so first I have to turn it on
well my smoothie looks you know like a
weird color of green but it's really
good so I'm enjoying it out here on the
front porch you're gonna join me Lisi
how are you today
okay good what are you wanting to do
next
Elfi this is oh I thought you wanted an
ATV ride an ATV mmmm but now you want
some smoothie huh how's the ride goin
he's so fun to ride with you giggles the
entire time especially when you
accelerate ready
what you're driving I just drove an ATV
is it hard no not really
so what does it feel like to ripening to
be I feel good like I can actually drive
you read nothing gimme all right happen
you guys are doing it oh you do I'm
drivin a little bit my parents had a
great idea and they labeled all these
water bottles for us to use and to
refill with this big jug wall we're here
and it's working out really really well
the only problem we're having is that
Laura can't read and so Laura just keeps
grabbing any water bottle and drinking
out of it and then somebody's like leak
that one's not yours and anyway it's
cute he show us your bottle okay yeah
let's see it which one does it say
Jeremy and I are going to go on a little
couple day tippy road
gorgeous
all right so poll question of the day do
you like to ride ATVs and motorcycles or
do you not Jeremie obviously loves it
do you prefer 80s or motorcycle
a TV is i more used to and i feel safer
on but the butter cycles are fun yeah i
don't ride motorcycles and I like ATVs
by to get a little bit nervous on them
so I'm like holding on tight to Jeremy
and saying I'm a little bit slower so
anyway let us know in the fall
Laura's all dirty from playing in the
sand but we wanted to let her come out
so we're putting her between Jeremy and
I and just driving around on the
driveway but she's really liking it so
far
can I take your ham maker I'm sure I'll
take my helmet off
you take my helmet off it is a warm out
here at the cabin today there's supposed
to be record-breaking highs so we're
gonna have a really hot day so Mike and
Sam are hard at work inventing an air
conditioning unit it's not a fan and a
really wet towel basically it's the
homemade swamp cooler for more returns
Natalie does please well it does make a
breeze but it's a cold breeze huh
do you see Caleb it's because there's a
fan that's going through moisture and so
then it feels colder I love you nerds
alright well this is so far the third
design of the swamp cooler but I think
each design keeps getting better and
better I'm so impressed with Sam and
Michael for setting this up
ready Kendra's great-grandpa they called
pas he built a lot of things with his
hands and did a lot of woodwork and so
Kendra's parents showed our kids the
grandkids a picture of paw and showed
some of the things that he made out of
wood and they actually did an activity
where the kids got to make something out
of wood that paw made a little pencil
holder and so they all got to make their
own design and create this pencil holder
there's your heart she wanted a heart
design I love how being here at the
cabin and this activity is helping
connect our kids with their ancestors
and kind of connect the generations they
can know something about their
great-great-grandfather and even build
something and have something to remember
that that they will have in their home
so my brother and I share something in
common
in that we absolutely hate the heat yes
and so I saw something at the story the
other day and I just remind them you go
help you eat a necklace fan it's the new
stylish accessory they didn't have a bow
tie better it goes I love the very cool
under neck we think you're great as I'm
currently sweating and boys help prevent
that it's going the beard is getting
blows so much less loins Fisher measured
it oh that is nice personal
air-conditioner there you go
she likes the box though she does
it's time for the annual treasurer
founded
he's going
is it under the old tree swing okay
we're working me what could be under you
got it nice job guys you got the
treasure has you treasured good you got
the treasure I'm thinking Caleb will
sleep well tonight you ran hard that was
so there's no candy enjoying the spoils
of the treasure and Michael
photographing I'm staying so cool
alright so we're in charge of dinner
tonight
we chose taco / taco salad whichever
people prefer so we've got loads of taco
meat and black beans right there
we've got flour tortillas hardshell
tacos tortilla chips some yummy salad
over here we've got the toppings
alright poll question for the day do you
prefer soft shell tacos or hard shell
tacos let us know
what are you guys up to you keeping it
clean so I'm going to try to learn how
to drive the ATV little bit nervous
I'm Tiffany is her sensei go get him hi
do you could drive a car you can do this
I feel totally forwards now turn it
tight turn it pi
we're gonna have to put this in
fast-forward this is an automatic
everybody it's not a clutch
she's got it for trees
she did awesome um that was really fun
once I got a hang of it it was not hard
at all
good job the views out there like the
time of night that we're at like it was
just gorgeous I was never in clouds
and the tree and Sunday all the other
little cabin so Papa is taking all of
our family on a faith walk that's just a
chance to talk about some of the things
that are most important to us with our
faith reading scriptures saying prayers
and whatever else Papa has in store for
us
the kids are particularly excited about
this activity because they all have
flashlights we made it when life gets
dark and really don't forget to pray
well the faith walk was really
inspirational it was really touching and
a good bonding experience as a family
Jay house up it's time for a water fight
