it's time for a water fight
our big Arizona trip is finishing up our
last adventure before we head back home
is up at my parents cabin with all of my
siblings my siblings might all live in
different states and so for us to have
this time together is so precious
I'm really
to caddy
so it's a gravel road out to my parents
cabin and as soon as we hit the gravel
Laura goes are you ok everybody ok it's
bumpy there's rocks everybody ok she's
been checking on us constantly ok well
shortly after we arrived Elise came up
to me and told me that she was cold and
it's like 8090 degrees out here so I
feel her forehead and she has goose
bumps and a fever so we actually just
tucked her in to take a nap I gave her
some medicine had her drink some stuff
but let's not let me want to start a
family reunion poor girl you're doing it
you get to try to balance you are you on
just the right size for coming he's like
on his tippy toes oh yeah good work big
guy you're almost there man whoa you're
fast
one of my family's really cool
traditions at family reunions is to make
family t-shirts so my sister and
brother-in-law designed this I hope you
can see it but it says 2016 family blast
and on the back that I had a blast at
the cabin and my brother-in-law Sam
actually recreated our cabin on there so
now we are attempting family pictures
wish us luck okay we attempted the
family picture I'll have Jeremy put a
few in so you can see how it turned out
but now we're attempting the infamous
grandchild picture so my favorite family
picture moment was when in the middle
like we've taken a few pictures Caleb
gets up and walks away from the group
and I said Caleb come back he said no I
don't wanna play this game anymore I
just let her study hi Laura
all right I wanted to introduce my
siblings to you really quickly this is
my older sister Tevin oh this is my
little baby brother Michael bigger than
me and this is my little sister were
actually all bigger than her I know I
know but we're in age order so if you've
been confused
Tiffany Kendra Michael Marla family
nailed it all right for the opening
ceremonies of the blast Jeff made up a
song that we all get to sing I'm so
excited - it means okay we're all gonna
see you with him okay here we go we're
gonna weigh okay our official blast song
are you ready let's do it
we
a to spend time together we not see each
other
and having a brass now working a family
ancient alright at least what do you
think is favorite fruit is great the
raspberry watermelon right answer with
carrots what do you like to do most at
the cabin
riding the ATVs and motorcycles yes
barrel is Easter yeah
Isaac knows the answer yes that your
wish so growing up my grandma had a
tradition at her house where she did an
amazing ice-cream sundae bar and so
every family reunion we do that in on
our wishes at Christmas Caleb wants to
know what's your favorite kind of ice
cream let us know in the comments below
hey you hi what'd you find
I'm bargaining Han a bug netted hammock
whose is it
pickles yeah how does it work
you show me so these little things
don't let bugs in the holes are too
little hmm did you know Uncle Mike can
sleep out here yeah that's pretty cool
beans huh okay nicely about you you told
me I came I didn't mean to break it
we're headed out on a family hike this
morning and those are some of my
favorite times I love getting out and
exploring and it's a great time to talk
to
I'm going down
love it
Oh
all right for lunch today we are having
a Southwest tri-tip sandwich oh this
looks so good
YUM thank you
it's time for a water fight get them get
him the big boys came out to play
come in and get them so I have two
little baby nieces and Laura is loving
it I do playing with Lilly so when we
first arrived the babies kept taking
naps and so we don't only see one of
them at a time
and so Laura was like baby and then a
new baby of how much like baby and so it
took a little while for her to see them
both together she's like babies I guess
just they're just funny
I love watching her with them hi Gemma
oh you're talking to us Laura you're
gonna take care of the babies oh just
baby need paint done yeah maybe in a
minute she just got a diaper change
oh does baby have poop okay what's her
name oh that one's baby Lilly what's
this one's name
that one's baby Gemma so yeah that's
Lily Lily you guys are gonna grow up to
be best friends
okay don't jump on him the boys are
clearing out some debris and loading a
dumpster I just woke up from a nap so I
don't know what else is going on besides
that
top flight is like a lightweight
Jeremy's on compacting duty hey Laura I
need a copy I'm making the sticks go
down so we can fit more of the pile
juice box time hydrate hydrate hydrate
all right well I cannot believe it I did
not think they were gonna put that whole
pile in there but they did jumping on it
uh superdad muscle oh right ouch fib
yeah maybe long socks or pants might
have been a good idea pants heard of
them it's like 97 or something it is hot
out here come get a juice box a juice
box
all right we are assembling dinner and
dessert for tonight my sister Marla is
making a homemade spaghetti it looks so
good we've got some salads and for
dessert we're having baked s'mores like
in the oven and so the kids are all
helping I think you should help mushroom
Yong
well these kiddos found some dirt
I think tonight we just may need a bath
all right I just did Lacey's hair again
all the way around and down just like
Elsa is it just like Elsa's alright you
ready for bed now yeah yeah yeah
