yeah yeah the morning we are down here
in the Phoenix area and it is hot it's
like not even 9:00 a.m. and it is a
sweltering so we're headed to a shaded
park we're gonna let the kids play for a
little bit and then I think we're gonna
have to be indoors for most the rest of
the day except for swimming we do plan
to take the kids swimming this afternoon
so anyway here we're gonna start off the
video today with a poll question do you
prefer hot weather or cold weather
personally I would rather be cold than
hot it's always fun when you can walk to
a park Arizona's super smart and has
shaded parks I think that's great this
is fun
Oh
Tiffani's an arizona mom she knows to
bring a mr. to the park
you want what are you feeling a little
hot so Laura just brought me this sweet
little tiny tiny flower and she said a
flower for you mom look at that cute
wait where do I need to go oh dang you
need to go to the dentist with your ally
where's your ally oh is it on your leg
we need to go have the dentist fix your
leg Laura did you know that the dentist
just takes care of teeth okay so he only
takes care of alleys in your mouth no in
your leg okay well if the messiness of a
house is an indication of how much fun
kids are having the kids are having an
awesome time at camp with me fast right
now and for aunt Tiffany like the house
was clean when we got here we've just
completely destroyed it so let me show
you some of the fun not really sure
what's going on ooh pirates and Star
Wars are attacking the army men hey over
here we have Laura and Sarah what are
you doing oh you're jumping I don't know
if you're supposed to jump on the couch
technically it should be her nap time
right now
wish me luck on that endeavor then over
here my nephew Davis is showing Isaac
his awesome robot thing Isaac sinking
hard
what are you watching Transylvania to
and sometimes you have to turn on a
movie and just enjoy the quiet a minute
the shade came out and so the kids
decided to come out too so we're headed
swimming with Jeremy's sister and her
family and it's a hundred and seven
degrees out and Isaac's response to that
was is the swim water going to be
boiling like it's just so hot to us here
like I know people are used to hotter
temperatures though we're not so
getting a turn right here I think so I
hope so I exist they know is it up there
kids either this one to the next one
so each family is just bringing their
own dinner and instead of doing a
drive-thru we decide to stop at one of
our favorite Arizona restaurants which
is right here it's called the happening
real yeah I'm so excited he's been all
right we're ready
Lesley's fun
when you're not strong I'll be your
friend
carry on
somebody to just brother when you need
so we have satellite radio right now and
I'm loving it like I can go to an eighty
station or a Broadway station or 90s or
60s we have an older car that doesn't
happen so it's kind of fun it's really
bad this is our exit see that even
listened to 80s on hey Caleb is starting
a new trend and swimwear the backwards
swimsuit yep
wear it backwards it almost gone food
this was a sweet pork burrito
that's a grilled chicken salad okay
Mike's gonna have a bite of it okay so
we're here at the pool with Jeremy's
older sister Julie and her family and
also Jeremy's three younger brothers
I did a flip at the water Wow good job
Lucy go do it again
sure all comes yet
is it good smell basic so it's a hundred
and seven and they all want to play in
the hot tub how hot is the hot yes it's
like this hot as a normal hot bath
Remora a good deal is women so there's
all these ants right by the pool and in
Missouri the ants don't bite but I know
in Arizona it hurts so hopefully our
kids don't learn that by experience
that's funny I hadn't even thought of
that ants bite here yeah good job was it
awesome we're attempting a group picture
Julie's awesome and remembers to take
pictures I love it I just think does WA
not even
well does the lifejacket just make you
float actually Caleb's happy in his life
vest Oh
somebody gave Caleb a squirt gun so this
is how Arizonans do it like now that
we're sitting here next to the pool in
the shade it's actually really gorgeous
look under the water see what you can
see what is snorkeling no nuts
snorting snorting that word
Oh
good night dear Sal okay
I couldn't hear you
