all right we're jumping into the
presents is this the present you got for
her we've had a frustrating a little bit
Wow this is all yours I set up the
balloons I like how you said that God
gave you Lisa a beautiful sunrise for
her birthday and a beautiful sunrise on
your birthday means it's gonna be a good
year
I know
you letting her play with your
presidents uh-huh you excited open your
presents I always wonder what boxes it's
kinda hard to tell you wanna go to
breakfast breakfast you can open your
presents your niece is helping cut the
breakfast cake didn't you make this
yesterday - yeah so at least gotta pick
her breakfast and she wanted a cake
Baken so we're gonna go around the table
saying things we love about Elysee on
her birthday she's fun to play games I
just really like me but I love my
laziness that she does to the new age
and I'm glad she drinks healthy water -
Thank You Lauren whenever someone new at
church comes she always tries to help
them feel like they're her friend well
there's about a million and one things
that I love about Elysee so I don't
think I can choose a favorite but off
the top of my head I love what a great
peacemaker Elise isn't our home so one
of the things I love about Elysee is how
aware she is of her emotions and how
mature she is about what she's feeling
about stuff she'll come to us and you
know say mom I'm feeling like this what
should I do about it and I'm just so
impressed with her emotional maturity I
love that about the leaf thing and I
liders if she is always on such an even
keel and that really helps you love you
so much Elise what I love about Elysee
is that she tries different and new
things and she's a good sport about
trying it because when you first try
something sometimes it doesn't work out
the best but she keeps trying Nene what
do you love most about your sister
she likes cantaloupe and so do I let us
know in the comments something you love
about Elysee all right we're jumping
into the presents who's this card from
thank you is this the present you got
for her clip on earring you picture with
you where's that here's the present from
the boys next one is from Grandma Papa
heart easy you are so special as hell
gets book I've always wanted to like get
and a fancy man a soccer game and it's
the chapter book thank you I don't what
this is it's where you can make duck
with rubber man one of my friends
actually has this thank you you're
welcome
oh you put it on your foot and you skip
it around your foot they're perfect for
hiking or athletic clothes this is
pretty even another cute one it's an
instant camera it takes a picture and
the photo pops out the side there's a
case for it watch here it comes now it's
gonna turn into a picture I start seeing
it look there's granny Joe it has like
an old-school kind of retro look her
very first photo you want to help Elise
with your present
that's from naming their edible
chocolate eggs with toys inside she's
opening it just like I want to eat it
picked it out herself but we have some
adventures to go on now
I'm up how many did you get so you have
30 seconds to try to get as many colors
as you can a light shows up telling you
which color to go to and you have to try
to get it in the right spot
seven tied with the least tied with me
he's found a spot that she wants to take
a picture of luck over there see that
selbo way that these pictures reveal
themselves over time well we just spent
an hour a frustration we had plans to go
downtown but there is a rally downtown
so we ended up in tons of traffic and
all the places we're planning on going
we're completely busy and overly packed
so like we will come up with another
idea of Oh we'll do this instead and
this idea instead and everything just
didn't work so we've had a frustrating a
little bit I think the day can still go
well no matter what every day is hard
price but there's always some good parts
- yeah so for her birthday lunch we
found a place a lot like ginger Sue's
back home and the greeting Joe was
drying
music Isaac what did you order that
looks yummy
good choice this is going to take a
picture of us eating our food coming out
into focus the at least had me take a
picture of her I wanted one to remember
me on my birthday
yeah you can't believe our little Elise
is eight years old they grow up so fast
that's like something you hear all the
time but it's true it feels like that
before we leave the park Elise wants to
get a picture of a tree
you rolled up your pants so at least
wanted to get a couple shots at the
beach and we were right
all right at least where we had cake
plate we're picking up your cake
so what flavor did you get for the cake
meat mint ice cream
I love ice cream cakes yeah it's a great
choice see how much pictures up today
Nene Nene Nene she's moving we got you
some of your favorite stuff for dinner
oh and it's not a birthday it has yellow
and chocolate cake with mint ice cream
in the middle Oreos you got to get it
where it's just going and going almost
you're getting there good job oh you
have to games go to office
so my mom used to have one of these toys
when she was a girl she was showing the
kids how it's done it's on the front and
it work yeah you can see it we were
wondering how that would turn out with
the exposure
we'll have to smell it yeah it's still
coming through good night Jay how's that
when you eat this cake tomorrow you're
gonna be eight years old
and a single flew by and took the whole
granola bar out of her hands
