three months ago actually oh you down is
it too scary you can just sit for a
minute is totally fine all right you
ready to try it with the motor do it
good morning I cannot believe how
quickly time goes the weekend is over
and that Jeremy's family is all getting
ready to you know head back to their
lives and it's just been so precious to
be able to spend time with them we love
them so much so we're gonna continue on
our adventure hey guys so I just found
Laura in the hallway with the nail
polish Oh sweetheart this is not yours
okay okay we're gonna have to clean this
up that stuff doesn't come off very easy
you get those fingernails painted very
pretty ah so it turns out that we don't
have any fingernail polish remover so
we're going to go pick some up we have
to pay $300 to get into that fort that
the boys made so how'd you get the money
oh okay
Figgy hopefully they don't notice yeah
okay class you have a horse you helping
uncle Jeff up for this one
by Travis so all the family is starting
to leave little by little and we're
saying our goodbyes let's see the hairdo
oh love it look so cute thanks for Josie
yeah she did she's been doing awesome
going on to my rock Oh bye well I guess
I got a rock so while we were packing up
in here
Laura went into the bathroom and locked
the door and she's in there we're trying
to break in we don't have one of the
extra keys so we're using a bobby pin
here we go
Amber's helping us out apparently she's
an expert at this nothing there we go
what amazing Laura no we need another
one Lock this door too
Elise is kicking off another day another
Ultimate Frisbee game and what I love
about this crowd is they include
everybody
Caleb's playing Lisa and Isaac are
playing and it's fun I'm over here
watching Laura in the sand I think we
may need a bath Laura did not want me to
push her she just wanted her cousin Cody
aunt Nathalie is teaching Caleb the fine
art of sandcastle building
push her down real hard buddy he did it
nice sandcastle buddy thanks Isaac it's
really you're always so sad when they
have to go but they have this cool
little handshake last time you guys did
the handshake like that you got a lop
you lost a tooth vii bloody nose maybe
we should change the handshake so it's
not quite so violent get the chest bar
man another here some more for you so
we're headed out to get ice cream as a
family and apparently the local grocery
store sells ice cream perching so that's
what we're doing what are we gonna get
ice cream
what flavor did you go with Elise
strawberry hmm and what you cub
strawberry so I decided to go with this
cinnamon horchata
they say that right yeah probably not
the fountain for China it's like a
snickerdoodle cookie it's not too rich
it's really delightful give it a try
cinnamon sounds just like you yeah
normally I like vanilla based ice cream
but I made an exception here hey really
good it's not too sweet it's just
amazing
that's really good yeah you should get
one shake it my own huh yeah right now
okay so yeah so what kind would you
decide with it's really rich it's
caramel with caramel toffee crunch yep
it is super rich okay we good
bye-bye so we're getting ready to drive
away and caleb decides to take his shoes
off and what was inside your shoes a lot
of things that's an understatement
I've already cleaned a lot of this sand
off I lifted him out of the car seat and
like dumped the sand from his lap onto
the ground and then there's still this
left and that was only one shoe the
other shoe we took off that said Sam is
just like the gift that keeps on giving
you know
what are those faces for huh we're dead
mom kissing we might have been making
out a little switch she was driving and
we might have kissed a little bit
there's a car and they're in the middle
of the road we were not in the motor
road we are pulled over to the side of
the road we're in the middle of the road
making out koala cars coming
ok so Jeremy and I decided to switch
drivers and so we found a nice safe turn
off and we pulled over and then he and I
both walked around the car to trade
spots and when we walked past each other
be stopped and kissed and we get back in
the car at the kids responses were
hilarious alright so we are done with
Jeremy's family reunion and that's sad
but we're also excited because we're
going to go be with my family some more
so Germany's families are both from
Arizona and so we kind of go back and
forth a lot and I'm sorry if that gets
confusing on the blog but as we drive
back down to the Phoenix area we're
going to stop at my parents cabin for
one night and spend the evening with
them and then we'll be in the valley and
then we'll be back up the mountains and
then like we just there's a lot of
driving that we do here because there's
a lot of people to see and a lot of
people that we left so we're driving
along and we are sharing a Pepsi and my
poll question for you guys today is
which do you prefer Pepsi or coke I
personally have not drink it very much
Pepsi or coke in my life this is
probably like the first one in several
years but I do strongly prefer Pepsi to
go which kind of surprises me I'm
surprised I had that much of an opinion
how about you I remember when Pepsi had
their like Pepsi clear
we were in fourth graders yeah and it
was at all the parties everyone had
Pepsi clear and I think that that
branding and that experience still leans
me towards Betty
Jeremy likes to listen to classical
music and Broadway and music is you
alright well we made it to the cabin and
it is so good to be here like just the
smell of the fresh pine trees and being
with my parents and these cabins are
just so beautiful I'm so grateful that
we have this place to make these amazing
memories as a family so Jeremy is going
to be over in the smaller cabin because
he has a bunch of work he has to get
done and the kids and my parents and I
are going to play so Isaac is climbing
you are way up there dude how's it feel
Lacey and papa
on the motorcycle do you like riding a
motorcycles you're pretty much a pro
right you write them all the time with
Papa I'm not really a pro yeah I look at
it
caleb was racing the motorcycle you are
super fast did you keep up with the
voter cycles that's crazy
Caleb how does that feel good it feels
heavy on me yeah are you gonna go ride
the motorcycle yeah yeah I wanted to
show you here how you sit on it you have
to sit a certain way oh yeah this guy
show me how I don't want to go actually
oh you down is it too scary you can just
sit for a minute is totally fine
I'm trying how do you like sitting on it
good yeah there's a smile
he's excited Caleb was a little bit
nervous about how loud the motorcycle
was so my dad just put it in neutral and
is just coasting around with them he
loved commentary he goes this is fun
it's still uphill there you go buddy
Caleb can you say thank you to Papa I
love cows Steen you love coasting here
we go all right you ready to try it with
the motor let's do it
what do you think now do you want to
just coast no more clothes you ready for
the big ride go woof big boy here we go
so what do you think of motorcycle
riding good good I love this wood
knocker thing my great-grandpa made this
really good Laura what you working on oh
you collect in pinecones you're helping
grandma yeah what's your job setting the
table this chicken smells so good so
we're having chicken and yams which I
have personally never eaten games like
this like we're eating I'm like baked
potatoes which I know they're healthier
I haven't done it before and then we've
got veggies and fruit
all right away you want to turn is it
Laura's turn to ride there she is
there's our little ec you'll be next
can't this is Isaac
whoa all right little crazy this is
quite the little setup up here and they
do have them a bed I was a little bit
worried about Laura falling off so we
just scooted the double bed up against
her so we get to sleep right by her you
ready to go to bed what do you think
Lisa cozy oh yeah so at my parents cabin
they don't have any internet service any
cell reception or any like cable TV it's
different
so like the kids are in bed and I'm like
what are we supposed to do we're
supposed to like talk to each other and
play games and stuff I actually love it
but it is it does feel weird and I like
it like I'm I'm glad to have kind of a
detox today well I mean to have no cell
phone reception like you can check
anything on Facebook or Twitter it's a
healthy change it is it's healthy to
distance yourself from that everyone
smile and we're going to bed it's early
so we're going to get some sleep so Jay
house out good night nakedness
this is my fight song
