Allu oh yes you know it's true I love
again my Laura Lu oh you should know
it's true I love my lord yeah
do-do-do-do-do I love my daughter Lu oh
you shouldn't know we're true well the
family is sitting around and talking
about some of their favorite memories
with grandmother and it's just special
to hear all of it
what are you up to that was nice of you
yeah thanks for helping out great so we
are getting into Walmart is we are
making dinner tonight for proud here's
everything that I need hopefully I
didn't forget anything but we're serving
a dinner tonight and then we're also in
charge of a breakfast another day and
I'm so excited about the dessert that
I'm making tonight I'll have to remember
to show you guys this anything you have
to bring in the groceries so we have a
big game of Ultimate Frisbee going on
and the kids are playing in the sand
plain old spinners day
okay
it's all run this is three batches of
baked ziti just finishing it up popping
it in the oven you're a super woman
Thanks
so what did you decide to go with here
for the dessert these are watermelon
flavored rice krispie treats daughter oh
no we need oh you guys are in snapchat
yeah they're looking at the doggy okay
open your mouth your mouth laura is it's
talent show time
spontaneous family dance party now he's
always a good and Julie had it Lauren I
just finished her bath we're not going
to miss the dance party
I love our family
right now it's family B night I love
these people it's so sad that we live so
far away from somebody of them I mean oh
you're talking very often but like my
favorite times are spending time with
these people
goodnight Junior Seau you guys built a
kitchen and a fireplace yeah did you put
all the rocks around there yeah yeah
that's a mighty good looking fireplace
