- KF here
grandma up in heaven before the funeral
this morning we are practicing some
songs that grandmother's specifically
requested we saw in her funeral as a
family and just the words are so
touching
Hey
music was a big part of my grandparents
life and so it's neat to be able to sing
at her funeral and the song that they're
playing on the violin is really special
because my granddad was a concert master
he played the violin and he played at
many funerals this song and grambler
wanted this to be played and she wanted
these songs to be sung and so it's neat
to be able to participate in that this
is me sitting on grandmother's lap well
there's daddy daddy's right there that's
uncle Brent an aunt juley so at least
this is grandmother on her wedding day
she's like a princess doesn't she look
beautiful mm-hmm this is grandmother
with all of her brothers and sisters she
comes from a big family
Laurens look who's sitting right next to
grandmother do you see that that's daddy
when he was a baby
do you know who I look like there I look
like Laura but I kind of look like
Lauren
you
you
well the service was beautiful it was so
special to hear more about grandmother's
life and there's just a sweet spirit at
funerals where you're just you know
looking at life from a different
perspective and to see all of her family
there and celebrating her and it was
just really touching
before my granddad passed away Kendra
and I met with both grandmother and
granddad and did several hours of video
interviews I learned so much about them
and I'm just so grateful for the life
they lived in to be a part of their
family
you
come on this guy up here it's grandma up
in heaven
well the weather has been gorgeous today
and we're heading back for a luncheon
now at the church and this has been
absolutely beautiful and another thought
that's been heavy on my mind is that
funerals are not very kid-friendly
activities like Laura and Caleb I really
haven't heard then just a long day for
him so the nice people here at the
church where grandmother went to church
have prepared a meal for the family
so grandmother had a strong belief in
Jesus Christ the Easter story how Jesus
died and then rose again makes it
possible for all of us to live again and
so that's something that we teach our
kids and believe in is that after we die
we can live again and see those that we
love and I think that that belief is
something that helps us in this time
when we're going through
good night dear Sam I got baby Elizabeth
she said sure
