we made it and I'm so excited to see
everybody alright so I'm gonna be
completely honest can I throw up
no do you want to throw up all right
good morning we are all still recovering
from our super late night last night and
all that traveling our plans have
changed we initially were gonna fly in
and drive straight up to be with
Jeremy's family which is several hours
drive from where the airport is but
because of how late it was we decided to
stay here in town and luckily my parents
live here so we spent the night at my
parents house we're spending a little
bit of time with them this morning and
then we're gonna head up cop what are
you working on I'm Laura Kay no
grandma's garden Moss her we got
Tomatoes you know you're just about the
tomatoes are doing good the kale is just
about done we gang up some reasons good
job helping grandma huh well caleb was
up bright and early with the Sun this
morning even though that was only about
three or four hours after we went to bed
awake you on fire
Isak you just woke up
yeah how long did you sleep I woke up at
12:10 p.m. yeah pull it down keep going
look at that you're cutting deeper holy
smokes Elise you're gonna cut some pipe
gosh you got it going on oh that cat it
thank you
did you cut the pipe yes I did well the
kids have been hard at work with Papa
this morning that's because those are
not your headphones whose headphones are
those uh-huh
there you go you're gonna watch a show
yeah hey pour it in there Caleb are you
helping grandma huh what are you guys
making um breathless cake great little
cooker there dude you're my buddy
I love you guys all right now we're
heading up into the mountains getting
ready for the funeral that's happening
tomorrow
so I'm feeling really tired after last
night so we're driving about three to
four hours to where my mom is at and the
funeral is gonna be and we're trying to
talk to each other
Candace try to keep me awake because
it's hard I'm trying to keep myself
awake we're here
we made it who did we made it and I'm so
excited to see everybody
let the reunion begin oh do you see that
we've had a rental car I see it looks
awesome yeah a rental car oh I got baby
Elizabeth she said my mom was so cute
she said she has a little card table for
me if I want to edit in the closet
so I'm not going to go through in this
video and introduce all of my family
there's 22 kids of my immediate family
we did make a vlog ride diagram to that
whole story so if you want to watch that
to get caught up to speed it's gonna be
I carted right here alright
this is your cousin Elizabeth be so soft
to her be so soft do you say hi
Elizabeth
play with me she does she wants to play
with you and she gets a little bit
bigger miss leg do you like to hold her
at least you know at least mom fell oh
the baby's not going to throw up
can I throw up no do you want to throw
up all right yeah so tomorrow we have
the funeral for grandmother right now
we're heading to the viewing it's a more
intimate setting where just the family
gets together and has a chance to say
goodbye to grandmother well the viewing
went really well it was just neat to
talk about death with our kids and about
what we believe happens after we die and
kind of a bigger picture of life and
death and God's plan for us
when all my family gets together the
volume just increases and everyone's
having fun there's like 15 different
conversations going on at the same time
alright so I'm going to be completely
honest I love my family and I love
Jeremy's family so much and I love
family reunions but I am an absolute
introvert and when there's tons of
people and lots going on all the time I
start to get really drained and I find
myself finding like little quiet moments
to steal away and be by myself and so
tonight I actually drove over to
McDonald's and I got myself a little
McFlurry and I just sat in like silence
for like 10 minutes and then I read this
little article and sorry it's a little
colder outside that I'd anticipated but
it just really helps to take some of
that time by myself like I used to not
do that and I think I felt silly like I
love all these people why don't I want
to be with them every single moment when
I don't get to see them very often but I
find that I do better when I take some
time to just kind of decompress and be
by myself and then I can come back and
re-engage and I'm so much happier so I
don't know if any of you guys will
understand that but if you're an
introvert you probably do act there's a
bug okay so in 1991 we made a home video
for a family reunion and we're watching
it now and it's hilarious
so it's like midnight and people are
still showing up so among the chaos we
have the chance to look at grandmother's
journal and to see her handwritten pages
there and it's just neat that she
recorded so much of her thoughts and her
feelings and it inspired me with
vlogging and telling about what we're
feeling and thinking and experiencing
and that some day my grandkids are going
to be able to see this and and and
remember what we were feeling and
thinking so I guess that's a good poll
question for you guys today do you keep
a journal and how often do you write in
it let us know we have the funeral
happening tomorrow so J house out this
is insane there was a tornado that
touched death and first coming in like
take shelter like all the bathrooms are
the shelter
