Laura are you excited to go on an
airplane Oh Lincoln the funny yeah we
yeah daddy
mmm-hmm sorry I was yawning when I
turned on the camera good morning
everybody slept really well last night
which I'm really grateful for and this
morning we're having cinnamon rolls they
are not homemade they're store-bought so
I just opened the package and let them
rise overnight and then we're baking
them but they're supposed to be twelve
in the package and when I opened it up
last night there were 13 in there and it
made me read ikkyu lessly excited like
one extra cinnamon roll and somehow I
felt like I'd won the lottery like there
were 13 in it so maybe there's a little
things I stir so many doors smells good
huh wants breakfast me the kids are
putting on a talent show this morning it
should be fun my country tis a V yeah my
eyes
Oh
your pipeline Isaac I think you're
wearing Caleb shorts either that or you
just grew a ton look at those shorts
these are size three yep those are
Caleb's old shorts and you're wearing
them much better either side that was
funny
Lisa what you guys didn't nail a salon
what kind of a salon oh oh you're doing
painting listen Alan good job Ali that
is not easy to do Laura what's she doing
are they so pretty the goal is to try to
hit the camera see bad Lakers to your
bread bye guys thanks for coming and
hanging with us
well the cousins had to leave which is
so sad and what's even worse is I'm a
completely mean mom and making the kids
do chores now so yeah hard moments
why are we going chairs on a plane have
you been on an airplane before
boy when I was a bit do you remember it
you know what do you think it feels like
flying alone and then dropping oh my big
goal today is to get our family ready
for our big trip we are flying out to
Arizona tomorrow and we are going to be
at Jeremy's grandmother's funeral which
will be a really special time like a lot
of his family's flying in I will see
some of his aunts and uncles and cousins
that we haven't seen for a long time so
it will be sad but it will also be
tender and just precious family memories
so we're really grateful we're going to
get to be there for that the other thing
is that coincidentally scheduled the
week after that is my family's family
reunion which is also in Arizona and so
we're actually going to be in Arizona
for almost two weeks and yeah we're
getting packed the kids are taking turns
one at a time with me to pack their
stuff you've been packing yeah yeah what
did you pack six shirts and six
underwears and a toothbrush and uh a
noodle move a noodle what's a noodle my
share is that a noodle
yeah it is called a Magna doodle imagine
and a shock to shops are we all set and
ready to go know what time you have left
to do we have to put it in our bags
that's a good point you mean we can't
just leave it on our floor yeah more
trip prep I am sitting here cleaning out
my purse while these two get the snack
bags ready for the traveling so instead
of buying snack sized bags I just get
big bags and we divide it out into the
bags ourself Laura are you excited to go
on an airplane
when are we gonna go on and everything
Lincoln the fami we are gonna fly Laura
what's gonna be so fun oh she hasn't
been in an airplane before this is gonna
be those first time in an airplane are
you flying no it's gonna be a busy two
weeks our kids are gonna see all of
their aunts and uncles all their
grandparents all their cousins and we
are definitely going to be vlogging it
these are some of our absolute favorite
blogs they're just precious memories of
family time that doesn't happen very
often
that being said family does come first
and so if there's a day when we just
can't upload or something like that
because it especially internet or
logistics while we're traveling just
know that we're doing our best and we'll
be back as soon as we can if you want to
follow us over on Twitter and Instagram
and Facebook sometimes they're able to
post like pictures or different things
there even if we don't have time to post
a blog so anyway yeah it's going to be a
busy two weeks but really fun well I
spent all day trying to get my law
practice ready for me to be gone for two
weeks inevitably when we're going on
vacation some emergency comes up that
I'm still working on or trying to take
care of even while I'm gone on vacation
and hopefully that doesn't happen this
time we'll see those bark in three
different
he's back gage everyone said he's lost
his mojo who wouldn't worry about it he
remembered silly teens living in Tornado
Alley
during tornado season I often look up
the clouds and just wonder is that going
to turn into a tornado or is that coming
down and I mean there's no threat of a
tornado right now based on the weather
and I think I could check but it's just
funny how I so often think that when I'm
looking up at the clouds
hope you guys have a wonderful night J
house out
