take that makes me sick it makes me go
so we started off today by filming the
wet head challenge which was really fun
but when we finished and we need to get
cleaned up our water heater is actually
getting replaced downstairs right now
and so all of our water is turned off
and so we are just sitting here covered
in kool-aid and it's really funny
because jeremy has a conference call
like a attorney thing with the judges
so at 11 o'clock kendra has a meeting
that she's supposed to be yet I have a
conference call this isn't three minutes
we just had some kids dropped off that
we're watching not just some kids our
cousin done we have no water how long
till we have water our to two hours that
goes to
well our neighbor took pity on us I
called her and asked if we could use her
hose to hose us down and she was like um
you can use our showers that we went
into their house and took a nice shower
ha ha
venturous morning the kids are having so
much fun with their cousins here so
Michelle brought these Little Debbie
treats whole question which is your
favorite Little Debbie Treat we're
getting water back which is a big deal
so immediately after the wedding had
challenge I had an hour-long phone
conference and so I've been just like
drying off with all of this want myself
and Kendra just said that it might not
come off right away or for a while that
would be a problem so let's see if it
comes off
oh no it's not going up no
TURN RIGHT stickies order
the real
Wow
you
so with some additional scrubbing I was
able to remove the kool-aid from my face
all right well I put these two in charge
of making dessert for us and they are
going to take this angel food cake and
they're going to make a trifle truffle
sure something like that anyway they're
going to use angel food cake and some
pudding and some whipped topping and
some cherry pie fillings so it should be
fun
you guys up for it yep step number one
cut up the angel food cake we had a
little talk about knife safety you're
doing great mmm good job you got that
sawing motion down does it look yummy
tea Laura well having seven kids for the
day is going really well the big kids
are super helpful and honest Lise made
me realize that like our toddlers are
the hardest part like as they grow up
like maybe we could handle market how's
the water month good it's always hard to
know if you got a good one or not it's
not super sweet but it makes me go
it makes me go askew
all right we went with tacos for dinner
super easy and watermelon YUM okay so
the boys prepared a scavenger hunt for
the girls and the girls prepared a
scavenger hunt for the boys and the
girls are gonna go first this is where
Jerry edits
the sacred chambers
so
I got for you okay what's next when the
sun is shining and it's hot this is what
we use to cool down outside
all right it's a slumber parties are so
much fun I remember as a kid though my
parents had the hardest time getting us
to go to sleep because we were always
talking always having fun with our
friends or family that we were sleeping
with so we'll see how it goes
J house ow this is bunny come on cubby
