this is bunny come on cubby good morning
today is the last day of school over
here we homeschool but we follow our
regular school systems schedule and so
today is the last day for us and we
don't really take off the summer but we
change it up over the summer like I find
that our family really needs a fresh
start like we need to feel that we
finished something and then do something
different over the summer and then I
love that feeling of starting school
again in the fall so we continue
learning it just looks different during
the summer time I'm going for the last
shift so Caleb just wrote he's grateful
for the last day of school are you
excited for it to be the last days yeah
because when you wake up you can just be
egg you can just play all you why is
that gonna be fun yeah you don't realize
you're gonna have to do chores and stuff
still sorry sorry to break the news to
you yeah all right well we are taking
apart the calendar notebooks and pulling
out the work and then we are adding it
to their portfolios it's just divided by
topic so any loose papers throughout the
year go in there the kids are sorting
through all of their projects and it's
messy all right so I've got the kids all
blindfolded up what are you doing I
think Laura where do you think we're
going thank Kelly ass weekend hey yeah
we're gonna go somewhere and say
surprise where do you think we're going
I don't know how far is it I'm not gonna
tell you we see where do you think we're
going I think we're going to give me
land that's Plus you might be a little
disappointed sweetheart it's not
Disneyland all right well I didn't
realize that by putting the kids on the
blind field on the stairs I stuff to get
them into the car so take off your
blindfolds for a second that way you
guys can get in the car and then put
them back on okay okay so I found that
just adding blindfolds to like any basic
thing just makes it so much
more fun so yeah we're just running
somewhere quick and simple not
Disneyland you guys ready to go let's go
get in the car
oh you're gonna wish good but I can't
even see you all right keep your
blindfold on buddy
okay let's go ready up mommy's gonna
help you guys walk Lisi no no no you got
it you gotta follow with akela
okay hold the ends look at my little
crew back I'll hold you guys can put
your arms out in front of you guys this
is funny
come on cubby come on God yeah I'm this
way okay that's that's okay this way
this way this way
okay come follow mommy's voice okay
ready stop okay ready
take off your blindfolds
you guys know where we are I don't know
the exact I have jolinar place would you
say a doughnut place a doughnut place
this is called Dunkin Donuts
what all right who wants some doughnut
uh-oh what do you say
Amy can can you say please so many
choices I like the pink one with just
sprinkles which ones we want Laura the
pink ones you want sprinkles mmm
I want um lemons lemon actually I want
this one
yeah chocolate my sprinkles yeah
alright there are so many awesome kinds
of donuts let us know in the comments
below what your favorite kind of donut
is my favorite kind I've ever ate and
you like lemon we decided to get a
doughnut for Jeremy and deliver it to
him at work today he's at his office
thanks big guy what a gentleman what'd
you say oh yeah this is daddy's office
you know I got the same car oh yeah you
got the very messy I didn't think about
that factor it's got cream in it
hopefully some clients come in when I
get to eat it you don't have to eat it
in work you get one day for him I didn't
it's Boston cream of a very incredibly
we came to what to eat some of dads
don't sell the cream so I have wet one
wipes in my purse that I have to give to
Jeremy I'm totally such a mom here you
go
I'm totally such a kid wipes - so do you
know what I noticed and I'm here in your
office I need to clean it up a little
bit no this picture this is the family
picture he has hanging in our office in
our ovens in his office
it's mores not born yet but I'm right
tell me I wish you were in my tummy is
there a picture of me let's see and
there I am I remember that picture
sorry missing your home office yeah
there's just so much space there just
really stretch in here it's just like so
cramped uncomfortable say goodbye to dad
you want to call somebody that's a
dictaphone yeah you can uh you can leave
a message for April she'll take it out
Laura you trying to steal dad's
calculator
looks like she's on an important call
yeah as we were trying to get ready to
go Caleb ran ahead of me and press the
button on the elevator and the other was
already there so then he jumped on the
elevator and the other kids weren't
ready yet and I'm like ah I like run
ahead and like put my arm through it
like I didn't want him to get on the
elevator because then he would just be
gone anyway
or I did home for lunch now kids are
hard at work on their last day of school
worksheets it's really fun it's kind of
like a journal yep we did this last year
- how's yours going good um - do you n
no I don't have to write your favorite
food is gum okay what's your favorite TV
show Cinderella is a movie so here know
the difference about a movie yeah shows
are kind of shorter but they have more
episodes there's a good idea at least so
the only reason I said it is because
this next one see this one says my
favorite TV show and this one says my
favorite movie Oh
so you can put your favorite movie
Cinderella down there it starts the see
yeah I am me you like the green peppers
well after having doughnuts for snack I
felt the need to have a very healthy
lunch for all of us so we're having
leftovers here's mine leftover fish I
know that looks really disgusting but
it's um
pesto tilapia with quinoa anyway I like
Donuts just fine I just don't understand
how they're a breakfast food like
they're literally the sugary is thing on
the planet and so how is it not like a
dessert thing I don't get it but um it
was fun to do that as like a special
tricks to kids ah
Oh wheels on the bus go open and shut
all right now we're going to play the
last day of school
mm game way it works is you close your
eyes and you pick out of the bowl and
whatever color you get is the question
that you answer so I just got orange so
I would answer something you are proud
you worked hard on this year and this
year I worked hard at working out and
getting back into a routine of getting
to the gym and I learned yoga all right
you guys want to play reach in there and
then pull it out
are you sure to be something you learn
to this year I learned how how you go
potty so you can climb in it the time is
set to get up and then it does the blood
it goes to the bed and the blood goes to
yeah even the King had a good job and I
took the empty stuff out and then it
goes to Jesus and it gets bigger and
bigger until the bladders capital it's
early to go to the bathroom I guess
that's something you learned this year
at first I thought you're talking about
being potty trained and I was like your
body doing a long time ago yeah today a
place you went this year he sees pizza I
totally reckon
all right cubby your turn close those
eyes huh an orange one again what else
are you proud of that you learned about
this year ah didn't stop soccer Oh
runaway M&M
so green means that I get to share
something fun new that I tried this year
and I was having a hard time thinking of
something when the kids reminded me like
we made wontons and we tried making
parashu and the rainbow cake so now
we've tried a lot of new things
all right least you got a blue and that
means what you want to learn next year I
want to learn to type fast and I want to
accomplish reading and I want to learn
how to control the TV with the remote I
don't even know how those hack job those
are some good goals big girl so we're
just outside the rains cleared up and
Caleb said mom look a woodpecker and
before I grab the camera that flew away
but it was it was a woodpecker up there
good job
recognising the woodpecker I knew it oh
there more of her little ballerina so we
went crazy today we we splurged big-time
we did cinnamon sticks
you know last day of school got a party
hardy how was it Laura dank ass good
dealin everybody in the world loves
pizza
it is pretty popular whole question of
the day do you like pizza now you know
this is me like 99% one way but there
are people out there that don't like
pizza apparently the orientation I don't
see ya nope you're good yeah
alright well we want to welcome you guys
out to a very important award ceremony
tonight to mark the end of the school
year you guys have worked really hard
and you deserve
operated yes all right our first award
tonight goes to mr. okay look we are so
proud of you this year you learn to read
Bob books you have a big heart and
you're so kind to others
congratulation the same could we say one
thing we like about kale that's a really
good idea yeah I like that he fixes our
stuff makes any builds stuff that's
really bad for miss Laura you're next
got to make your bed first oh that looks
so nice
James Laura I have an award for you
congratulations Laura did you learn so
much this year we're so proud of you for
you guys we did a whole other year in
school you did it congratulations
I think
she bout something gonna say J house out
