should we get your clothes on big girl
all right let's do this
uh-huh Oh mouthful do you have an ally
oh I'm sorry
Oh
what are you guys playing yeah we're
going on a trip where are you going on
your trip my school we don't know yet
yeah usually up in the sky this is such
an ironic moment Mora actually climbed
into my underwear drawer and then she
accidentally peed in it so my underwear
is all soaked should we clean you up
yeah well good morning we unfortunately
have a sick little boy this morning
are you feeling sick where does it hurt
your ears how about it does your head
hurt yeah yeah does your throat hurt
yeah so he wanted to snuggle so we're
just snuggling on the couch and we're
actually watching some old J house vlogs
we don't do that very often and it's so
sweet to see how little the kids were
Caleb just saw himself like from a year
and a half ago so he's much smaller and
what did you say I was shocked
concessional forever why do you want to
stay small big so you want to be twins
with Laura oh no mom could handle you
two being twins anyway um it's just so
sweet to see how little they were and
yeah what are you up to today
um piano recital yeah you have your
first piano recital woohoo feeling
nervous no feeling excited yeah yes did
you practice this morning are you ready
to go yeah so funny Laura asked me to
build her a phone and so I made this and
I gave it to her to play with I was like
Nora here you go and she didn't know
what it was and I was kind of confused
and Kendra is like well she's never seen
a phone with those things on the end I
am so old so I had to make her a new one
that looked just like a smartphone show
us the film it's just so funny how my
perception of a phone is so different
than what our kids will be because all
they've seen is smartphones and we we
haven't even ever owned a phone besides
a cell phone in our
to me yeah how are you I'm Katalin Caleb
um yeah we've never had anything more
than just cell phones in our house ah
you've never had a landline
okay so Paul question for you guys do
you have a landline phone at your house
so this reminded me of a moment that I
had when Isaac and at least were little
and I was reading them this book about
like what does it sound does this make
what sound does this make and we got to
a picture of a telephone I was like what
sound does a telephone make and they
both looked at completely confused and
I'm like it goes ring ringing what I
realized that they weren't used to that
they were used to cell phones that made
all sorts of different sounds so anyway
Jeremy and I are old so how you feeling
about piano excited and a little nervous
what are you nervous about I think I'll
do good so I'm not so nervous I think
you're gonna do great
what's that have you been making up any
songs lately yeah
let's hear a song you made up
you
that's pretty so proud of Isaac that
he's worked so hard with the piano he
practice a lot and it's just so fun to
see how much you've improved so this is
your first recital how you feeling about
it good and excited we this part I
really know so good and this part I need
this is the hardest part to keep the
long so we stopped by the library for
just a minute because Isaac has already
read through a whole bunch of the books
we picked out for him and he's got a
goal he's working on so he stopped by to
pick up some more books and the girls
are picking out some books
hello
no no no don't do that
so I love this part of our backyard
because this big tree bends down over
and creates a little oasis it's so cool
caleb was really the best time with
someone so he's faced timing with Jeremy
from the other room we want to finish I
would mommy hi Caleb hi buddy
we love you oh I'm doing pretty good
here you talk to Daddy I'm gonna come
see you
so Caleb some whoa I just totally
dropped the camera
how scary with our new camera good luck
have fun okay make sure daddy videos it
so I can good luck oh well I am so sad
to be missing the kids piano recital but
Caleb still has a high enough fever that
I definitely can't take him so Jeremy's
going to video the whole thing for me
and I'm sure they're gonna do awesome
my dad you excited
you
you
through the summer in nursery lessons
fall okay thank you so much for parents
to support it at least you did such a
good job did you have fun Oh still good
well the sky is beautiful tonight we
often tell Isaac that once Caleb's
asleep he can read in his room for a
little bit
good night Jay house out
