good morning today is going to be an
awesome date we're taking the kids rock
climbing for the very first time which
should be an adventure we'll see how
they do but we're going with some
friends of ours who are actually friends
from way back in college we've known
them for years they have four kids now
we have four kids now so it's always a
great time when we get together but
these friends of ours they actually own
a company it's called nickel and suede
and they make leather accessories in
fact and they make these earrings and if
you watch how many more vlogs you know
I'm always wearing these earrings so
what I love about them is that they're
lightweight like I don't even notice and
feel that they're on and I love that
they're fashionable they're cute they're
this little touch that makes me feel put
together which I really can use in my
life most days my good friend Kylie and
her husband Soren this is their business
nickel in suede and they've been doing
it for about two years and they're doing
an awesome job might remember it was a
couple weeks ago in one of our vlogs we
talked about a building collapse in our
town and that was their building that
collapsed is such a challenging time for
a small business but they're just
pulling through they're strong people
and I really admire them so I decided to
get two new pairs of earrings myself do
you guys on see what I picked out so I
don't know how well they're going to
show up on camera but it's a light pink
purple I love the texture and I love the
pastel like I feel like it's perfect for
springtime so I'll definitely be wearing
those soon and these are their silver
accent earring and I love that it looks
all shiny like metal but it's still
super lightweight they have so many
other colors and prints and designs over
on their website we're excited to be
partnering with nickel and suede and
they're offering our viewers a 15%
discount code
even I'm scared oh good job Laura hold
on so we came out here today with our
friends and their kids have been here a
couple times and they're pretty good
job buddy
and I made it so proud of you
good job you can do it reach one one
right so we're here at the rock climbing
gym with my friend Kylie and her family
she's got four kids and her little guy
Baker adorable climb yet so she is the
creator of these awesome earrings you're
doing great
good job Isaac good job Easton these big
boys can climb high enough it makes me
really nervous
I'm glad they're having fun I want them
to do it but then there's like this
inner mom part of me that's like Oh be
careful test them out does it work does
the harness work
fifteen that one okay we're going to
fall on three okay one two three let go
yeah you want to do it from a little
higher okay now come down so poll
question for today have you guys been
rock climbing and did you like it
I went in high school and I absolutely
loved it and so being here makes me want
to come again we're gonna have to do a
date night with Jeremy and I sometime
soon
please turn
you like it yeah big ones it till I get
to the top all right keep trying on this
one then
all right push way
what do you think of rock climbing I
like it asbestos harnesses and I like
jumping down but every single time I
guess it's funny how that happens
dude you made it all the way to the top
on this one there's one that cuts on you
step this way I I got around it this is
my favorite place I've ever Wednesday so
how did climbing go today Soren good cut
the boys do they did great
well the kids are exhausted hopefully
they're gonna sleep well tonight but
don't forget to go over to Nikol and
swing calm and check out their beautiful
leather earrings and let us know in the
comments below what your favorite
earrings that they have are we'll see
you later
Jay house at least just left me the
cutest little um note
