I just pulled the best mom move ever
Elise just left me because little low
note good morning friends we are doing
all right this morning Laura is still
not feeling well and so she's been
really cranky which has been fun
Laura's craving her favorite food which
is popcorn slicing the cheese for us yep
I'm ready I teach you how to use that
tool today mm-hmm there's the cheese
she's slicing up to go with our lunch is
it hard I tried over and over again yeah
I think you're getting better at it
now I wasn't doing this that's is my
idea keep your fingers down so they
don't get hurt so these cheese slicers I
had never used one until I was in
college and one of my roommates was
using one on a I'm like what in the
world is that like I was so confused and
she's like you've never seen a cheese
slicer it's just funny how like if you
grew up in a family that doesn't use
something then when you are grown up
you're like I didn't even know those
things existed it's funny Oh were you a
queen so that is a knife gown that she's
wearing as a skirt you like this skirt
oh those are your church clothes well
you look very nice are you ready for
some lunch we're having broccoli Paco
and me cheese some apples what's your
favorite part of your lunch today the
bob garden what's this
so with Jeremy working out of his closet
he's in his pajamas a lot more we're
trying to get into a groove like the
goal with the new wood but you get up
and get dressed but he gets up so early
and starts working so early that he
doesn't want to wake all of us up when
he's showering and then today he had a
bunch of laundry to do so we're trying
to figure out how to work from home and
live at home without feeling like we
just live in our pajamas all day I am a
row
man and an attorney you should hire me
he's drinking out of a Minnie Mouse cup
and eating popcorn out of a little hole
snacktime um in other news I just
checked the mail and I got a jury
summons law that's exciting I've always
wanted one but I you know don't get to
do it mostly it's funny in our marriage
he's always wanted to do this and I
think I've gotten into jury something
like four times and he's never gotten
one sorry babe we're gonna go fix the
ones in your room let's go okay so the
blinds and Laura and I Lisa's room broke
meaning they broke their blinds and
they're still mostly functional
they just don't all the way close enough
to fully block out the light which is
super annoying during nap time we didn't
want to replace them because they're
still mostly functional and then finally
today it occurred to me to just switch
them out with other blinds yeah we
decided that we didn't want to have to
Jimmy rigged the blinds with a book no
more it still didn't get dark enough
with that and we need to just get a
darkening shade as well curtains I've
heard of them
there we go
much better it's much better it is much
better in here though are you ready for
nap time she wanted me to get her shoes
on so I don't think she's ready for
nectar so I was kidding sorry I should
I'm gonna talking to you I'm vlogging
Jeremy's in the closet in his office
they like things I'm talking to him what
was I saying so I was just getting ready
to leave with the kids and we're gonna
go to the library like I got my purse I
was grabbing my keys like we're all
ready to go and then I realized I had to
brush my teeth yet today and here's my
problem I get ready in the morning
before I eat breakfast and so when I'm
getting ready like getting my hair and
my makeup getting dressed I don't brush
my teeth because I don't like the taste
of the toothpaste in my mouth when I'm
eating my breakfast because I like
smoothies for breakfast
so then all of a sudden I'll get placed
in like did I ever brush my teeth like I
usually this is making me sound bad I do
brush my teeth all the time but I feel
like sometimes I almost forget or I'm
like did I oh yeah I did so maybe I need
to work on my tooth brushing your teeth
something like that uh-huh when do you
guys brush your teeth and how do you
deal with the breakfast debacle
now Jeremy learns me doing full question
what do you want the whole question to
me brush your teeth before you eat
breakfast all right on my own I came up
with this idea to do a poll question for
the day do you brush your teeth before
breakfast or after breakfast let us know
up here in the poll oh okay I totally I
just stopped the car to tell you guys
this I just pulled the best mom move
ever I just jinxed all three kids at the
same time I mean have the quietest drive
to the library what do you guys think of
that
so last time we were here we actually
ran into some viewers and it was so fun
you guys are in the Kansas City area and
you ever see us out and about be sure to
say hi we really love that so apparently
our summer reading program is getting
started over here and these are the
prizes I love that they give books as
prizes and the kids are so excited
Isaac's like gushing over there he's
like I'm gonna read so fast I'm gonna
get all these prizes you want a magic
trick book yeah maybe we should ask the
librarian okay all right well here is
our library stash I'm really grateful
the kids are finally getting old enough
and strong enough to be able help me
carry it so this for you need a real
magic wand maybe we could make you one
yeah yeah do you think you could use a
stick from the backyard no that could
not work why wouldn't it work because it
wouldn't black it this is a real world
that's the kind of magic trick to stick
you're needy I'm making Danny oh you're
making dinner what are you making maybe
I
what kind of a cake is that Caleb so I
just want to thank everybody your
comments have been so meaningful
after learning about my grandmother your
passing away it's neat to have this
family the Jay house fam out there just
giving love so thank you so much for
that today we've been talking with my
family about all the preparations for
the funeral we have a family group text
going on and there's so many of us in
there that my phone's just been buzzing
off the hook about it I'm so excited to
get to go see everyone and it'll be
great to together celebrate
grandmother's life and remember her I
think funerals for grandparents are such
tender times like their times and you
see cousins and aunts uncles that you
don't really get to see very often and
sadness and there is sorrow but there's
also kind of beauty at seeing the legacy
that they left sorry I think like
squishing my nose because my glasses
keep falling down but my hands are
covered in raw chicken so true love
right there this nail is so good it
actually tastes like fried chicken but
it's big chicken fingers it's amazing I
love it on a salad and the kids like it
Tracy
so Isaac is already getting going with a
summer reading program after eat six
hours to get a prize I've read two hours
already and that's just today right yep
and I've read um three chapter books so
far and so I found this today it's in
our bathroom Elise just left me the
cutest all um note I love that I love
that they're in the stage that they're
like leaving notes for us everywhere I
wrote these for Elise and I'm gonna put
them up by her bed and hopefully makes
her smile and then I'm gonna run to yoga
with kids and love languages I've often
heard that the way that your kids are
giving love is one of the ways that they
want to receive love and so I try to pay
attention to that one
giving me love and a certain way over
and over again I definitely want to
respond in that same kind of love so
this is fun
we come from mom-mom race and love
letters
just like you wrote one for her yeah
I've been going til my pinky
you
goodnight J half SAP well I got the
phone call today that my grandmother
passed away when I told the kids about
grandmother's passing they were just so
precious
Isaac particularly was really sad
