well I got a phone call today that my
grandmother passed away when I told the
kids about grandmother's passing
they were just so precious Isaac
particularly was really sad hey big girl
how you feeling this morning reading
really bad well she had a rough night
she did throw up several times through
the night but she is acting much better
and it's been several hours since the
last time she threw up we brush him it
is a beautiful screen alright so this
morning I am getting to have a minute to
just these Caleb he's reading to me and
we're snuggling and I love these little
hands knack had a bag hmm I feel like I
mean I didn't see anything but I kind of
sensed that something moved here huh so
Elise and I are just sitting here
reading together but I feel like I'm
like sensing something in the room but
I'm not sure what it is
what
oh no I mean get a rabbit your ninja
Caleb
oh look at those ninja moves what did
you build how to make a church we making
a church it's mommy
get me be so quick he's that who's that
know who I thought is it Isaac like it
is this is a highlighter well I got the
phone call today that my grandmother
passed away and we knew that this was
something that was coming but it is sad
we had bought plane tickets for next
week to be in Arizona hoping to be able
to see her before she passed away and
now we will be flying out for her
funeral before I talk to the kids about
grandmother's passing we watched some of
the vlogs that we had with her in it
so grandmother is feeling better she's
out of the hospital and she's here at
our house and the kids were going to
come in and sing to her
you're happy any big Bell awesome when I
told the kids about grandmother's
passing they were just so precious Isaac
particularly was really sad Isaac's
first question was whether grandmother
was alone when she passed away and I was
able to tell him that my mom was with
her yeah you know it was it worth it
yeah granny Joe is there and Natalie was
there and they were taking care of her
do you know what she said she said she
wanted to die in her home with her
family and so my mom was there I'm so
grateful that I had the chance to call
and talk to Graham there before she
really started like feeling worse and
worse and she said she loved you guys
and she's so proud of you Elise was so
cute she talked about how we'll be able
to see grandmother in heaven they had
questions about funerals and they had
questions about death we're just really
tender to get to talk to them about it
what's a funeral so what's gonna happen
is while we were there in Arizona
they're going to take her body and
actually bury it at a cemetery get her
we're gonna be there she loves you and
she's so proud of you I wish we could
call her again
you wish we could call her again yeah
it's normal to be seven only woods
people I'd like you to dice a lot longer
times but she died today yeah we were
hoping that we would be able to go and
see her when we were there
whoo you did it she does awake you sure
well we're going to do a shorter vlog
today so we can be together as family
but if you have a parent or a
grandparent that you haven't talked to
for a while give them a call and let
them know you love them oh well in the
hospital
good night dear self
