so we're talking about the different
things that we need but once you get in
here and see everything is like I need
that
well journey got his office I set up all
right good morning this morning we are
really excited because we got a package
and it's our new camera I got kinda we
did we got two packages I'll show you
the other one a minute but I kind of got
kind of emotional just thinking about it
like this camera that we have that I'm
using right now we've been through so
much with this camera like I remember
when we unboxed it and used it for the
very first time I remember when we
dropped it and thought it broke I
remember like just so many memories so
it's kinda surreal yeah and it really is
the beginning of life blogging because
we've had that camera through this whole
journey family we are recording my
camera for the first time I'm about to
make my first J house vlogs public so
our camera just broke so I resurrected
our camera oh my gosh I can't believe
I'm logging on this camera again I can't
believe dad fixed it kind of makes me
want to do a camera happy dance
so we actually got the exact same camera
just in black but it's the canon s120
how small it is and we think it's good
quality so we're going to keep using it
there it is that's the new camera
alright so another package came today
and I've been working from home more and
more lately and we decided to set up a
office for me here in our house and I
got a desk alright cut it open and of
course Caleb wants to help me set up the
desk
you need wait should we do we need legs
on the desk we only got the finest
quality desk I think it was about $30 on
walmart.com 38 ok sorry 38 bucks
hey John Caleb well Jeremy got his
office all set up I'm excited to show it
to you guys let's go hi Jeremy
Oh a new client come on I really want to
impress people with my office space so
you know we set it up really nice so yes
Jeremy is working out of our master
closet you just gotta be careful when
you stand up it's kind of like in an
airplane you know you don't want to hit
your head over that side so we have a
3-bedroom house and with Jeremy working
from home more often lately we've really
been feeling like he needed his own
space but we really didn't know where to
put him and we love our house we don't
want to move and we don't want a bigger
home we just knew we needed to get more
creative with the space that we had this
is like the multi-purpose room in our
house it's a gallows its lush nursery
slash office so I've been doing more and
more legal work for youtubers and it's
not a local clientele so it's stuff I
can just do from home we had people come
and look at our basement and tell us
what it would cost to put a room down
there and I think we will put an office
down there at some point but for now it
was a lot cheaper to spend the $38 to
get the desk don't feel too bad for him
the first thing he said when he sat down
was this is actually really really
I thought lots of room back here I'm
like it says the man working out of his
master closet there's not a window in
the room but there's a window right next
to the room and you know there's an air
vent I have a life like I have a lecture
see there's a toilet right here the kids
don't know our plan yet about the office
so we're gonna reveal it to them how do
you like it I love it oh you want your
own office you got a closet too did you
wake up he's awake the light bulbs just
went out on both sides so when you drive
in at night it's completely dark in our
garage so you have to like sneak over to
the light or you awkwardly trip over
everything or you leave the car light on
and then forget about it and then none
good options - I can't talk there he
goes so for the last several hours the
kids have been working on this ballet
that they have put together this is such
a pretty dress are you gonna dance for
us let's go he's I'm doing the music for
a ballet okay let's hear it
the sad music Caleb that was wonderful
sad music good pretty good first
watermelon on the season hmm noe says
step it only swallowed the white foods I
mean if you want a watermelon - groans I
need you I need to get sunlight dad oh
okay
photosynthesis can't happen in there
it's such a blessing to have a
babysitter that we trust we're really
lucky all right so it's date night and
we're trying out a new restaurant
here's the Philly cheesesteak sandwich
fries
and this salad so German I ordered the
sandwich to split and bad food is just a
little embarrassing so German I ordered
this sandwich to split and the salad to
share because that way we get to taste
both of them so here's the poll question
for the day do you like to share meals
when you go out to eat or are you
against it let us know in this pull up
here I love sharing meals because then
you just get to try more things
so we're talking about the different
things that we need but once you get in
here and see everything is like I need
that
in Tibet let's go within those dressers
the main reason right here is we need to
get a chair for my new office it needs
to be nice vigil and we also really need
a dresser in both of the kids bedrooms
and kind of in our bedroom but the
bedroom were focused on right now is the
boys their clothes have been like just
in the closet and like Rubbermaid little
cute and broken and it's reading it's
embarrassing now I remember why we don't
count dressers there's
we're playing like there we go we're
testing out a futon we're thinking about
putting a futon in the basement because
whenever people come to visit they sleep
down there and we just use an air
mattress but we feel like a futon will
be a lot more comfortable for them don't
buy that one you guys it's not
comfortable I don't think that one will
fit in your office Jeremy I think you're
right so we're daydreaming about
Jeremy's future office that we hope to
build at some point in the basement and
I love these stand tables like you just
press the buttons and the whole table
just raises genius we did it
I bought a chair so basically we're now
in the ultimate drive through so what
they do here is you order your stuff
inside and pay for it and then you come
out and you give them your name and your
order number and they tell you to pull
up to a specified loading dock and you
give them the make and model of your car
and then they come out and load it up
there it is there's our chair
all right well all joking aside our goal
for today was to get Jeremy's little
home office set up and I know it's kind
of funny okay a lot funny that it's in
our closet but we needed a space for him
and that's what space we had available
right now and we're making it work and
so I'm really excited about it I'd be
interested to hear in the comments
anything is that you've done to save
money that might be a little unorthodox
like putting your office in a closet so
let us know in the comments it'll make
us feel a little better
I decided that we wanted to try to do
150 candles
