I decided that we wanted to try to do
150 candles we just hit a hundred and
fifty thousand subscribers thank you so
much like this has been such a
life-changing experience to be on
YouTube and to feel of your friendship
and your support in your encouragement
so we want to have a cake dance party
and so we're going to do let's make a
kick we've been waiting for the right
chance you'll use this cake who do you
guys think of it oh so cool well can i
stir it it smells delish
I have to divide this out to the
different bowls is that what it says all
the recipe I love this kind of review
three what color does it make kaylynn
yellow rice is my boring I can't believe
we're making this Gregory cake is gonna
call on two yellow and blue what do they
make great yeah it is turning green Wow
shall we begin
all right this is our first time at the
tie-dye cake so does amazing
well clearly I need to be a professional
cake decorator but we are so excited to
hit 150 thousand subscribers thank you
so much to all of you we've got some
yummy desserts here we're going to
celebrate with and we wanted to try to
do 150 candles to represent the 150,000
subscribers sure I see how that goes
so we decided we better have this on
hand what you do there's a hundred and
fifty
we're going to get this your pharmacy
probably well well well in case you've
ever wondered what a cake with 150
candles looks like we're gonna scrape
off the top and reef wrost it what'd you
say thanks so much for being a part of
our family you inspire us and we love
you and pray for you Jay house out all
right sir heading in for the girls very
first manicures and pedicures what do
you think we see I'm so excited it's my
first time
