all right so we're heading in for the
girls very first manicures and pedicures
what do you think we see I'm so excited
it's my first time
Oh
whoa
that was cool
all right so I'm watching my friends
kids this morning and so we're just
outside blowing bubbles and building
fairy houses I think I'm going to take
all the kids on a walk which will be six
kids on a walk I think we can do it play
there is always a crowd-pleaser like all
the kids different ages they can also
play doh together
you want green this is my yummy hello
what are you doing I make you mush - ed
you're making a moustache what are you
drinking hmm what is it
similarly the yummy Oh your moustache
awesome bryggen was - um I think your
moustache is me dripped down your tummy
huh so we are out picking up our van we
had to get our brakes fixed this is
where they fix the cars pretty cool you
better stay out of there okay help you
want to help make the cars you Caleb you
driving your car I got new brake
you did on this car right here there's
like our band very cool all right it's a
quick stop at the grocery store we
really just needed milk and bananas and
a few things for our salads names we
have some fun plans tonight so I was
just walking by the candy aisle and
there are so many flavors of M&Ms I've
never really noticed them before so here
this one s'mores and this one left drop
that one and this one's chili net and
look at all these other flavors anyway
it reminded me that I saw another
vlogger recently do the M&M challenge
where they like blindfolded their kids
and how to try all these different
flavors of M&Ms so I think I'd like to
do that would you guys like to see us do
that
I need to survive a bunch of M&M sounds
good to me plan was for the boys to go
camping tonight and for the girls to
have a girls night out but I'm thinking
the boys might have to change their
plans so the weather does not look like
whether you'd want to go camping it it
looks like there's gonna be a tornado it
looks like the weather might not be very
good for camping can we do something
else fun I'm sure we'll come up with
something potty training fail um Laura
just took a nap and when she woke up
from her nap she was completely naked so
we put her down for a nap and wall she
was falling asleep she took off her
pull-up and anyway so I am like oh no I
wonder if she peed the bed and I'm like
feeling all over the bed and we're good
we're good and I rushed her to the
toilet and she goes potty and I'm like
wow like good job Laura and then I go
back in her room and I'm like yeah
totally found poop behind the chair in
her room like she'd gotten up and taken
off her pull-up and pooped behind her
chair and then crawled in bed so now I
get to clean up a lot of stuff anyway
it's just happening like she's gonna
learn oh we're gonna clean it up
don't know why you didn't want to camp
in this babe I'm so glad that got
canceled
so tonight the girls and I are headed
for girls night out we're gonna go get
like pedicures and manicures and eat
some yummy food and the boys are headed
for a boys night out and they're gonna
go I think bowling until like maybe a
pizza place I'm not exactly sure but our
problem is we only have one vlogging
camera but we do have a big DSLR camera
pull it out pull it out something never
did it this so anyway what are you gonna
vlog with that show us show us what it
looks like
we have some new friends that we haven't
met who are gonna be there and I don't
think I think this is awkward at all
okay does it work
all right we're testing it out to see
burgers yes
the vlogging with the DSLR so it's a
thing so what we're thinking is we need
another camera so we actually decided to
get one it should be coming really soon
in the mail but we didn't have it yet so
yeah enjoy your time blogging with that
camera it's a beast thanks for being a
gentleman and letting me have the little
one yeah got my man bag well it's just
gonna vlog and the lights went out so
sorry
anyway we are starting our girls night
off with salad and awesome drink we mix
lemonade and cherry 7up which is the
beginning of some fun oh can I stock
yeah the lights are just out okay now
I'm gonna light Norma heaven Lisa I know
the lights are unknown
she was very concerned about those
lights being off
when you're at an all-you-can-eat buffet
with your salad at the beginning at the
middle at the end or never let me know
in the poll all rights are heading in
for the girls very first manicures and
pedicures what do you think we fee I'm
so excited it's my first time miss Laura
I'm did mm-hmm what are we doing you
don't know I don't know which one right
here Oh miss decisive right there laughs
tiny sparkly did you find a sparkly one
somebody's excited are you ready
excited be some real manicure and
pedicure this is the real deal
how does the water feel my head get warm
yeah
Ali have you done this before you're the
expert nor what you do you getting ready
Thank You Laura you can just sit back
relax we left okay we're trying to relax
hey girlfriend I like the color
beautiful
does that feel so nice that's my
favorite part of coming to get a
pedicure happy thank you yes but I
didn't sit in a butterfly chair i sat in
a big monitor and how did you decide on
your color lacy home because it had
sparkles in it and it will match to all
what I wear
it's true pink sparkles are definitely
gonna go with everything Holly I like
your orange toes you like your
fingernails and though I do want a
flower on your toes okay let's try these
her tongue alone not so pretty yeah hide
your flower turn out good yeah yeah
so the last stop of the night is to get
some yummy dessert in our newly painted
toes
thank you so we're gonna get some
cupcakes out of it is that what you want
so if you are here which cupcake would
you order let us know in the comments
below so we chose pink chocolate and
watermelon Laura which one do you want
to try first pink
J
