so reading lunch and Kendra's says
tonight she's going to make a meal that
she's wanted to make for dinner in her
entire existence and we were all
wondering what it was what she won't
tell us
Laura what we're supposed to eat the
yogurt no try to sneak away for one
second to get something done and you
come back to this I was going to try to
brush my teeth ha ha no do you get
yogurt on your shoes how did that happen
oh yeah we're getting ready for another
day of swim lessons
ready to go
yeah oh yeah good track
way to go big girl
Elisa's learning to dive and she's doing
great at the kneeling dive the standing
of time she's still got a little work to
do on it
all right cubby show us your swim moves
okay let's see it you swim to the other
side
so Isaac is literally swimming laps I'm
so impressed with it know why do you
have some reading luncheon Kendra says
that tonight she's going to make a meal
that she's wanted to make for dinner in
her entire existence and we were all
wondering what it was what she won't
tell us so you guys can try to guess in
the comments below what year was that
Kendra is gonna make for dinner tonight
and then you can see if you're right or
not later on she has us wondering all
right at least what meal do you think
mom is going to be making tonight mmm
something that um grandma Chris made a
long time ago that's a great guess
something your grandma made a long time
ago I don't know any other dinners
except for the ones that mom has made so
I have no idea what do you think Caleb
like a treat dinner
a treat dinner mmm man again meal that
Kendra has wanted to make her whole life
and hasn't done I'm thinking it has to
be something like flambe or I'm
something exotic you know
good job taking care your flowers that
one's the queen
did you like planting yeah you're gonna
be a little gardener huh so I need to
clean my kitchen and get Dinner started
but I'm gonna do the most important
thing first which is snuggling with
these kiddos make room for Mama and
reading a book let's see which book this
is Oh ducky
but doclet calamity hey got paid a
chocolate commit fee so today is kind of
a weird day because we had swim lessons
in the morning so I was swimming and
then tonight Jeremy and I are planning
on going to the gym so I know I'm gonna
get like sweaty again tonight so I don't
want to shower in them all the day but I
also didn't want to like not get ready
all day so finally I decided to at least
comb my hair and put on a little bit of
makeup and I'm just going to stay in my
workout clothes though it happens
the ten kids did a gem jig
the kids just put me in charge of
babysitting their students I think I'm
doing a pretty good job we had to bring
this up you guys are working hard let me
help you yep sorry ESN yeah and we're
brother and sister
I know that you all of a new students so
I'm glad but I know your name your name
table
for dinner tonight we are having an
Asian beef stir-fry over rice with a
bunch of stir-fried veggies but what I
was really excited to make was an
appetizer to go with it and it's baked
wontons cream-cheese Rangoon's are my
favorite like treat at any sort of a
Chinese style restaurant and so I've
always wanted to try making them at home
and baking them so we'll see how it goes
Laura can you say wonton okay yeah we're
gonna make baked wontons all right so we
started by adding a teaspoon of garlic
and a teaspoon of sesame oil I've never
really seen garlic I wanna paint garlic
ready Wow oh wow that is this smells
good done boils I can actually you can
all right now we need to add some
chopped green onions SP so plan
thank you Sam I know water oh we already
went swimming today
each artist room kids are stirred up
stirring back slowly is it yummy huh a
resident it's not a taco Laura it's a
one time okay here you go Caleb put them
down there boy even all these of it is
this cheese it's not cheese it's called
a wonton wrapper really kind of neat or
what no it's kind of most closely
related to like a pasta or a pie crust
maybe good idea what this feels like it
feels like gum it does kind of feel like
gum
it smells like booze yeah alright so
I've never made this before so we'll see
how it goes well you put some of this in
you know just a little bit you don't
need a lot is that for it too bad you
all it is for testing and so then you
bring it up Wow
oh they're kind of ducklings even
dumpling sample yeah it's kind of like
dumplings that's so cool that's outlook
you guys drew it
my very first wonton I'm gonna try to
let the kids try this with me we'll see
how that goes okay
yeah and then you bring the sides up too
oh that's pretty good good job Caleb
then you want to pinch them together so
they're all sealed up alright miss Laura
and it reminds me of origami I had to
sneak a taste test and they don't taste
as good as the fried ones but they are
really good I think I nailed the filling
so it's just the fact that it's baked
not fried but it's good I'm excited to
eat it with some sweet and sour sauce
and let the kids try it
you
so I'm like currently finishing up
dinner and I was running down to the
basement to grab something and Isaac
came into me and he had mom Laura just
went potty and I said no like I was just
thinking like while I was grabbing
something out the freezer I was like I
knew Sigler potty as soon as I have a
chance and then I come upstairs and she
peed at the toilet yes I was so excited
I said yeah I meant she went potty in
the toilet and I'm like oh my goodness
I'm so happy about that like that's a
big potty training success she stopped
her ballet dancing and went over and sat
down and peed good job big girl yeah
here's the final dinner line up Oh
CBeebies I was gonna show you Jeremy but
Lauren naked right next to him I was
just going to say these wonton stirred
up amazing I'm really excited about it
excited to try them all wait what I want
to try one right now let's get the kids
plates ready I'll do it what's Johnny I
don't know how you dip it in the sweet
and sour sauce when the Train yeah you
like it so it's really crunchy on the
top parts but it's not crunchy or crispy
like fried on the side but it's so
really good so here's the whole meal the
stir-fry with the wontons Oh
right he's going on
ah you got it
all right we are ending off the night
with a family trip to the gym so daddy
and I can daddy it's basically daddy all
right we are ending off the night with a
family trip to this Sukkot it's not the
zoo this is the gym okay I can't talk
days over J has that so I couldn't find
Kendra and it had been a while of not
knowing where she was and then I saw her
over here they're stuck
