so I couldn't find Kendra and it had
been a while of not knowing where she
was and then I saw her over here good
morning I am so excited because our
water heater is getting fixed I don't
know if it's gonna get all the way fixed
today but at least we started the
process like somebody's out looking at
it and hopefully can figure out what's
wrong with it and I'm excited because I
want to take a hot bath like we had
enough hot water to take really quick
showers or it's going on just a minute
you got all ready yeah you're gonna come
fix the water heater all right so I was
just moving the laundry from the
Washington the dryer to start a new load
and I found this and it's all one of our
cameras for our batteries
I just set that backwards it's one of
our batteries for our camera and it's
been lost for like a month
apparently it was in one of Jeremy's
pant pocket so it was at the very bottom
of the laundry bin and they're not pants
he had been meeting yet and I hadn't
washed them yet it's kind of
embarrassing anyway
yeah it doesn't work anymore I got
washed so question of the day what have
you washed in a washing machine and did
it work or not when you were done like
sometimes I'm surprised at things that
make it through the washing machine and
things that don't this is a good
reminder check your pockets when you're
washing things
oh you should go in on the big-girl
toilet ha is your baby silk Rona all
right we are getting lunch ready we're
having tostadas for day two lunch I
can't talk today I like the second time
I've done that you tell him what are we
having for lunch today stow Stoddard's
tostada tostadas and what are you
cutting up for it um cute
so cucumbers you are cutting lettuce
okay so here's the tostadas that we're
having for lunch today and we're having
our big meal in the middle of the day
today just because of how our schedule
work tonight so you actually want to do
a poll up here let us know if you ate
your big main meal of the day in the
middle of the day or in the evening
usually ours is in the evening but today
I just work better to do it in the
holiday so we're having to status Oh Lex
Alex good job well I will
sheep he said to the bee
by that tree I just kill a fly and I'm
completely disgusted by it but I got it
he was like sitting there and I grabbed
the flyswatter flag and then I feel so
bad because now it's dead and it's like
squished under it
hey where's Laura where's Laura where
could she be we don't know big boo
where's Laura
oh where is she oh yeah Oh big daddy's
at work oh I know life is so hard why
don't you go downstairs and play you
want the people to come up look
look who's here so Elise and Laura built
this pool and apparently now all the
kids are gonna go swimming look at you
two women yeah oh sorry
oh now Mike let's all wet and our
clothes are waterproof so I couldn't
find Kendra and it had been a while of
not knowing where she was and then I saw
her over here what is going on no this
book was stuck behind the bed um there's
like a small gap and I like squeeze my
another to get it on now I can't get my
hand out your second topic do you want
me to move ahead if you wouldn't mind
it just it ah it is a heavy video shut
down my camera sorry
Oh got it got it oh yeah great good
agree I just like wedged it down there
see it's all red I'm glad you're home I
said really stuck how does my getting
scared like if Jeremy wasn't home I
would have been in trouble so that would
been fun thanks Barry did suck you let
me leave my ass man shining are we're
gonna push it back yeah so it doesn't
hit other karma stuck in there hopefully
I am heading out on a girl night tonight
I'm so excited they're gonna be picking
me up and I'm just like Jeremy I'm just
gonna start walking like I'm just done
goodbye goodbye I'm just kidding I'll
stay here and help for a few more
minutes but anyway the chaos you hear in
the back is Laura not wanting to get her
pajamas on notice that she wanted to put
it on her so oh she wanted to put on
your pajamas older self how dare you
what kind of a father are you
and now the arms are inside out he's not
just about to you
okay just a minute I'm going out on a
girls night with my friends we're gonna
play in the summer camp may the force be
with you
do you miss her she misses you too bud
all right you guys it's time for bed
you're gonna sleep up here - Caleb all
right you're going to bed the girl oh
wow what a third time Wow
goodnight big girl goodnight make sure
that beer I sure love you good night
Jay has that so I get to go to the baby
section and pick out some keep stuff I'm
excited huh Oh Caleb look at these shoes
