it's going five foot is so tired he's
scoring five points in a rocket babe
it is so fun to be here in the baby
section everything is so cute
make sure to have your backpack on so he
dropped off the kids at school and I'm
really proud of myself they have not
been late all year long and today it was
really close we were cutting it really
really close but it was filled and I'd
forgotten their sunscreen and so I had
to go back and that's what it's like
anyway we came out to this beautiful
park with some friends and the
playground was too wet to play on this
morning so we're just exploring is there
the quack quacks over there do you guys
see the Heron kind of hiding through the
grass but you can see it this is
beautiful it's kind of walking in the
water huh that's called a heron so this
Lake is right outside of Bass Pro Shops
in Independence and so now the kids want
to go in and explore the store which I
can't really blame them those are really
fun stores let's go
more what is it it's not a car it's
called a boat so we walk up to all these
boats and Laura says look mom a car and
I said well those aren't cars those are
boats and she goes where's the water and
I was like good point good point they
driving the boat for us can where are we
going no that was a moose is it scary
yeah it's just pretend Laura
that's a big fish no we're not gonna eat
it and because that's not the kind of
fish that we're gonna eat there's a
shark Oh Caleb those are just fish
it's just a long fish so normally not
happy about ants all over my house but
in this situation I'm happy about it
because this is the bait that they take
back to their nest that should wipe them
all out that's still disgusting yeah so
I had a meeting to get to today so I was
hurrying the kids out of the store we
walk out the front entrance and Caleb
sticks his hand into the ashtray it's
like right outside the door
it had rain water in it it was
disgusting so we head back in we washed
his hands multiple times then we're
walking on the path to the car and again
I'm running late so I'm like come on
guys come on hurry hurry and anyway
they're giggling and having fun and they
roll on to the grass into dog poop
that's right there and I picked them up
and I'm just like absolutely disgusted
Laura got some on her wrist and I ran to
the car do I get some Kleenex and clean
her off and anyway it was just one of
those moments when you're in a hurry and
you're trying to get somewhere and
you're like serious like it so that's
mom like though like luckily it's more
funny than it is annoying I think so I
just parked right here stepped out and
stepped smack dab in the gum I think
today might not be my day but oh well
nice bugs other days to be had yeah it's
on the bottom of my shoe Hey Dude
there's sunglasses you wearing gang doc
talam it's a secret let's go Dora can
you is it really dark in here
yeah hmm can you solve that problem
yes all right tell him what we're buying
here baby
come let's go get somebody close all
right so I'm headed to a double baby
shower tonight so I get to go to the
baby section and pick out some keep
stuff I'm excited
what's a baby shower um it's when you
give presents to somebody that's gonna
have a new baby huh Oh Caleb look at
these shoes he's at standstill a visa
he's gonna do it is so fun to be here in
the baby section everything is so cute
whoa
did you pick out some stuff what is this
then and it did mean a little bit and
strips all right so do you think it's
gonna be a girl baby yeah who is that
sound would you say oh hey hon Hong Kong
so Caleb was climbing out of the car and
accidentally hit the horn the first time
in Laura goes home who was that and I
said who do you think it was she goes
the bees I thought it was adorable
then Caleb wanted a bunch of time so we
could get it out all right well here's
what I ended up buying for the double
baby shower that I'm going to I got this
cute little outfit set look at the bum
oh I love it when they put cute things
on there and then one of our favorite
books wheels on the bus and then this
was just a darling little book with all
the animal sounds and a fun little toy
so anyway yeah I'm going to head off
there tonight
what you doing are you a scientist
we're doing a science experiment so
Caleb what did you make
so rice you made rice how did you make
rice I got some pretzels plosion this
first them up like this and then pour it
in here when it's all hot shop then our
next step
oh and so now you have rice but I just
need to make it a little better I play a
little solid that's really cool it's so
funny my kids had field day today
they're out in the Sun they're like
running and playing now they come home
and then they're headed to soccer and
they solve energy and I'm like exhausted
like I wish I had my kids energy some
days Laura what's daddy doing back to
you oh he's vacuuming uh-huh where is he
vacuuming go on he's vacuuming the lawn
I love you okay thanks big girl so fun
to see you what's he doing hey thank you
I'm back you mean got a vacuum that
grass good job daddy and it's called
mowing Laura he's mowing the lawn well I
yeah that's it oh let's go inside so I'm
all ready to go to this baby shower
right after soccer practice tonight
except that I forgot to get cards I hate
it when I forget and I looked around at
home and I can't find anything that I
have on hand so I kind of don't know
what to do like can I stick a post-it
note on it and just say from Kendra like
I don't know what to do but especially
because it's a double baby shower I
really need to do something so today
when I was driving home from picking up
the kids from school a song came on the
radio that completely reminded me of you
and I and our day two years
and the sound of music it was nothing
that was a good guess
any other guesses um what was the name
of the guy it's mine it's now on there's
a bunch of yeah bunch of me take my hand
and we'll make it I swear woah livin on
a prayer was that it that was it good
job you got it anyway so this song is it
Bon Jovi I couldn't remember who's by it
all but I was belting it out in the car
and I just loved it in the words it was
all like romantic she begged me I was in
college we had these things called
cassette tapes Jeremy and I had a
cassette tape of Bon Jovi and it had
that song CD players existed and were in
most vehicles at that point Jeremy just
had like what 20 year old car you didn't
even have a car in calling its general I
was true he was the cool kid with the
car yeah anyway so the words are just so
sweet like take my hand and we'll make
it I swear you know
livin on a prayer and I was just
thinking about like the last 11 years of
our existence and how much of it really
has been like overwhelming or
challenging and we've been like you know
holding hands and making it through it
livin on a prayer anyway I got like all
like choked up singing it I always could
just Dalila see you should have been
there anyway we're headed to soccer so
pretty out here so there's some pretty
fun Hills on the way out to soccer and I
think the kids think we're in a roller
ghoster
have you guys ever driven out on roads
that are really hilly and anyway I think
the kid to get like a rollercoaster
that's part of soccer practice every
week I like you girls hair today pink go
play sucker did I mention the Jeremy is
Elise's coach yes
you just an awesome header and I miss me
good job next one
yeah cubby you look tired
you've been playing hard bitch doing
it's going five foot is so tired he
scored five points in a rocket alright
we're driving home from soccer so we
will see you guys tomorrow
yeah name that price how much do you
think all of these groceries cost
you
you
