name that price how much do you think
all of these groceries cost why do I get
your hair dad mm-hmm where are we going
we go to a new store this didn't be so
fun Oh is our bud yes let's go so we
just got a new membership to Sam's Club
we haven't tried it out before so we're
gonna see what we think
look they've got these cute double
Cedars so our Sam's Club opens early for
business members and so we can come from
7:00 to 10:00 a.m. and they have a
little breakfast snacks for us and then
we can come and shop without it being
crowded so we decided to do that today
before Jeremy went to work I've been to
a Sam's Club before but I'm just amazed
at how much stuff they have here and the
variety of stuff it's
never rhyming out again no we're never
running out again we'll never never
never never never never never never
never running out again
I actually had a lawsuit where something
fell on somebody in a store so that's
one of the advantages of being a lawyer
you can be paranoid about everything so
this is something that I've wanted for a
long time it's a foldable picnic table
there's also this little gardener kit so
much to think about
Laura hasn't been very pleasant this
whole trip I don't wanna - sometimes the
kids are ready to go before the trip is
dead
whoa it has a basketball hoop it's big
well getting ready for summer like we're
really thinking about what improvement
we want to make to our backyard and we
can't do everything but we could
probably do like something so should we
get a barbecue grill or trampoline or
some patio furniture or play set start
to decide let's just see there we go hey
I got an idea let's fix our water heater
all right we have played this game once
before with you guys name that price how
much do you think all of these groceries
costs I don't have you know how much
okay give them the correct answer you
need to go into a coma and gasp before
you see it help closet right now okay
now tell them the answer 304 well that
was a short trip and your moves with me
and it was still exhausting Laura like
screamed to get out of her little cart
like the whole time anyway
the big kids did awesome but I saw when
we were leaving that Sam's Club does
pick up we're like I can order it online
and then I just drive up and I just pick
up the garbage I have to start doing the
online shopping yes oh we have two geese
in the road why did the geese stand in
the middle it's not geese it's goose
there's a single one why did the goose
cross the road what should we name the
goose you guys traffic traffic
I think the goose was at a track you
know the way for the Jumbo box of
pull-ups that we got from Sam's Club
apparently came with a free backpack and
she's loving it nor would you get oh
it's a backpack what is in your backpack
yeah what is it that's my big box oh
that's your lunchbox okay yeah we can
zip it where are you headed and mash oh
you're headed to school huh
have a good day at school bye Laura okay
so I was doing the macaroni and cheese
for lunch and I saw that you could use
reek yogurt instead of milk let that
make it more healthy I don't know what
the kids will think
yeah this is the super healthy version
buddy
grab protein here and ten in here and we
have another wonderful this is healthy
huh very healthy
I don't know you're not sure about it
okay give it a try okay it's the Greek
yogurt version it's training you what do
you think about it but what I think I
need that
you need some salt on it
do you want to be a trashman when you
grow up
I am already already decided
Wow
is this a building toy it's not a
building toy once you read it what does
it say fun fun when when with with E and
E and magnets so what are they they're
it's fun with magnets so you can put
these on whoa what what are you doing
playing with this toy
I know why it does that
there's no sense outsides and Orson's
happy so north and north can't stick
together
yeah the two magnets are repelling Isaac
can you make it so it'll snap together
magnets feel like magic don't they yeah
I'm watching
yeah in it I'll ask you rating earrings
did you design earrings yeah very cool
that you could take them off whoa what
are they coming one airing Tara have
Tarina no I have to all that that you
have a turn remember just break the side
let's get this side
Alex no don't oh there's not so much it
now there's someone there what are you
guys making muffins please let's say I
shut it let's wait let's play a little
game while we wait
Suzie carving yes Suzie hug the doctor
miss Suzie Collins checking third up
well we're in I'm gonna check this one
now we need a plate um laughs toot OH
wristwatch oh is this a restaurant Hey
so what kind of muffins are they
chocolate chocolate chocolate yeah
with Laura just transitioning out of a
curb and into her toddler bed she's
really loving her toddler bed but when I
go in to check on her
I tend to find her life anywhere all
around the room and it just makes me
laugh so I went in just now and found
her on the floor and so I took some
blankets and put them on her yesterday
when I when she was like behind the
chair so I couldn't see her right away
so like where's my baby like that little
moment of panic but anyway it's just
cute so elese and Caleb had been
counting to pass the time while they
wait for their muffins to cook and they
counted all the way to 111 and now
they're having a bit of an argument
about what comes after 111 he says that
it's 100 and a million but it's actually
hundred dirty is that what comes next
what do you think comes after 101 oh
yeah you think so you told me that oh I
did tell you that
you mean 100 so it goes 100 101 102 103
101 hundred and 12 113 114 115 116 120 1
you skipped a couple you can check your
muffins I was sitting over on the couch
it was so cute because they were just
you know counting together and all of a
sudden I hear no it's a million no it's
not lopsided I was just cracking up I
remember some of the most ridiculous
arguments I got in with like my you know
siblings are my cousin's when I was
younger I remember the most notorious
one is me with one of my cousins and we
were arguing about who was you and who
was me like I was like I'm me and you're
you and she was like no I'm me and
you're you I'm me and you like hey I
don't know if this is making sense al
but is is okay love this was your first
time making the cupcakes yeah how did it
go good was it difficult nope
and just to tell you man I man kale are
a cooking club and if you want to be in
it you can just do it at your own home
you can't come here and and you and you
guys um if you want to join our club you
can just type and say I'm I was cooking
in my kitchen and then we'll be part of
our club mm-hmm in your country you can
do whatever you would like okay in your
country or what you made up only after
your mom is okay that's a good point
mr. Kayla what you doing what
yeah you are your rock climbing again I
don't think we should rock climb in
flip-flops that makes sense you're
making me kind of nervous every well it
looks like we need to take these boys
real rock climbing we've actually been
thinking about that a bunch lately I
think it'd be a fun family activity are
you right in huh
all right guys I actually made dinner
tonight and I made a meal plan for the
rest of the week which is awesome so we
have a tradition in our family that when
we eat raspberries we put them on our
finger and say what we're grateful for
thank God happy nerdy way too big
there are fat fingers sausage hands I'm
grateful for grocery stories like we
went to Sam's Club today and how amazing
is that we can go and anything we want
is there to buy that's just amazing
more for my love oh thank you Laura what
do you get for for kids I'm grateful for
the Sun and the shade get shady kind of
closing me off I think what I say my
person I'm grateful for flowers double
I'm grateful for my family I talked to
some of my sisters today and I'm excited
we're planning a trip to go visit our
family in just a couple weeks so along
with awesome I'm grateful for the pretty
spring weather libraries I'm grateful
for baseball so I can have fun playing
baseball and other sports close houses
I'm grateful for our families he's
really great over our family it was
worth three down line looks and you're
really grateful for something that you
can do I'm grateful for
mom Isaac Elise Caleb and Laura so in an
old vlog we explained why we do grateful
raspberries and so if you're interested
in that I'll have Jeremy I card that up
here for you and we'd love to hear in
the comments below what you're feeling
grateful for today J hat oh thank you
