yeah first time this morning you did it
I am so proud of you so what are you up
to
there's a hole in our deck oh and our
dad find fixer thanks for trying to help
our deck yeah and actually hope anything
else
oh yeah cuz your fixer dude huh the
bills okay love the Builder what Thanks
awesome which one oh the bottom one it
used to be my lease wittily it stood and
it just fell dirty feeling okay
yeah can I say your - it didn't hurt
that is awesome I don't big grin you are
missing teeth all over the place that's
a little it is a little muddy there oh
yeah sure all right Caleb I hear you
fixed the hole yep let's see it right
thank you some tape yeah way to go
thanks so much Betty we have a busy
Saturday ahead of us the weather is
gorgeous but we've got some projects
we've got to get done we're
transitioning Laura from her crib to a
big-girl toddler bed and I don't know
how I feel about that emotionally it's
been eight years that we've had the crib
set up at our house and I can't believe
that my little baby's growing up so
anyway we got some adorable new Betty's
bedding for the kids and I'm hoping the
excitement of the new beds and the new
cute bedding will distract me from
remembering them
babies growing up here's you boys it's
cool so I borrowed a friend steamer you
know as I knew that from packaging they
come with some like you know lines and
whatnot right I have no idea what I'm
doing
so first we were trying to have the kids
hold the blanket up he's like I came up
with a better idea this is my genius
animator Laura we are getting you a new
bed
Oh
so I remember after Caleb was using the
toddler bread bringing it down here now
we're taking it back up for Laura she's
kind of crazy so it's true that these
blankets are cute but the functionality
of it is what has me excited we don't
have to have sheets and the kids can
just zip up their beds so making your
bed isn't an issue anymore for kids I
think I'm more excited than the kids all
you need a blanket
let me show you how it works
okay then in the morning you make your
bed Lord can you make your bed you zip
it yeah try it out
goodnight is it a zipper
what is usable okay now show me how you
can make your bed well I'm really
excited to be partnering with Betty's on
this video check the link below and you
can go look at all their cute styles
what is that a race car yeah cool it has
so much practice so many crackers yeah
can I go inside it you want to sit in
the car you know I don't think so it
looks like it's blast in can I Drive it
we'll have to check with the owners okay
we got your race car so many guys in the
card section so we're doing some final
purchases for Kendra for Mother's Day
and we're trying all the samples how you
liking the samples
another sample another sample let's do
it this is a peanut butter chocolate pie
silk pie
it's a sandwich
what are you guys trying to do making it
fire fire how are you huh by hitting
rocks together good luck well the
weather is gorgeous out today it's
actually really warm but we have some
friends from out of town who came into
town to visit and so like a bunch of
friends are meeting at the park and the
kids are so excited to see everybody in
play it's gonna be fun I told you to put
shorts on so I was begging cable to put
shorts on but he insisted that he wanted
to look like a construction worker
don't you treat this okay tuck it in
that shirt buddy good thing
once it does reflect a magistrate you
know sir
you'll get him you reading a book Laura
how are you going potty thank you see
I'm excited to go to bed yeah why are
you excited because it's really comfy
hmm well I'm excited put the kids to bed
tonight hopefully they do really well
especially Laura because this is our
first night not in a crib Hey lay down
now you need to stay in your bed okay
gonna hold onto your kitty cat good
night I'll hold on to your baby she's
such a big girl
you
