we are coming out today to the store to
buy school uniforms for some refugee
children in our area all right well I
feel like my house like blew up it's
just messy everywhere everywhere and
even on the table in other news I have a
big goal today and that goal is to cook
dinner all week somehow I've not been
cooking dinner like we've been eating
but it's basically like oh here's a
peanut butter sandwich here's a cheese
crisps let's grab a pizza
I didn't haven't had just like a nice
sit-down meal and some weeks I do
awesome at that and we eat great every
night and this week it just hasn't
happened so it's the morning time and I
figure I've got to figure out what I'm
making tonight because if I don't
there's like no chance we're going to
eat in all right so we came out to some
lessons this morning and the kids are so
excited because dad's here with the
underwater camera okay come on
did it ready go
you
Kendra had a meeting this afternoon and
so she asked me to help out with the
kids with their school for today she
wanted me to do something with math so
Isaac and I what did we work on with
math daddy never J's had a cat yep so I
just gave him a bunch of different
scenarios and he calculated batting
averages and now we're going to do kind
of a science experiment art project yeah
yes you can't so we put in some water
the kids are putting in food coloring
you guys put in the oil a bubble
it just is on the top why does it do
that because it's more dense on the
water can I have yes this is about
density now what do you think lab in
Caleb if we add salt into it I don't
know what do you think will the salt lay
on top of the oil yeah lay on the bottom
you like everybody I don't see what
happens if you put some food coloring in
now watch is it gonna go down in now see
what happens if you put some more salt
in Caleb whoa see this it's gonna get
picked black oh yeah so I just called
Jeremy to talk to him about like our
plans for the night and then I was
realizing what a lazy person I am
sometimes because he's home he's
actually in Caleb's room with Caleb
doing something Caleb right now and I
was sitting here like Oh what should we
do and I was like I'll just call him and
that's like so lame anyway have you guys
ever done that have you ever called
someone when they're actually like
really close by let me know so that I
feel better that I'm not the only lazy
person in the world
Aurra so I just discovered Laura in the
bathroom she's got quite the bubbles
going on what are you doing and I see my
hat I can see that you're washing your
hands you got lots of bubbles hey can we
try to keep the bubbles in the sink put
the bubbles in the sink let's get a
towel we'll clean it up okay wipe it off
so today has not gone according to plans
like the days just gone away from us
it's been so busy Oh dad what did I just
call you on accident
I'm so sorry I'm actually vlogging right
now and I was holding my um camera in my
hand and apparently accidentally dialed
you I'm sorry dad oh can I show you how
to shoot this what
why do you tuck in your shirts because
then it makes it oh it makes it look
nicer well you look fantastic
all right what are you gonna wear on
your feet
nothing we're going to the store dude
you got to have something on your feet
why that's one of the rules of stores
why it's one of the rules they put it on
their door they say you have to have a
shirt on and shoes to come in here buy a
shirt so you're not naked
then they hate him hey I don't think
they usually say the word pants
now we're not going to do that so we're
walking into a store and I look over and
I noticed that Laura has a big like
stain on her shirt but she's also next
to it had a sticker and so I pick up the
sticker and I put it on top of the stain
it was a piece of a cookie
that she had drooled all over herself
mom heck yeah mom hack four scenes just
keep a sticker in the car and just
you'll be fine we are coming out today
to the store to buy school uniforms for
some refugee children in our area
there's been a lot of refugees coming to
the Kansas City area recently and my
heart just goes out to them like here
they're coming to a new country with
nothing and to think of the experiences
and the struggles and challenges that
they've been through like I'm just
really grateful for some small way to
reach out and try to lift that burden so
we're going to be getting school
uniforms for them and donating them and
then we're also going to be buying some
books to donate to them as well all
right you guys each get to pick one book
oh my goodness ourselves is it so pretty
thank you okay now you can do it
wait let me blow on it okay not really
way did you plan some sex yep so it's
been really good to talk to the kids
about what it would be like to be a
refugee to have to leave your home to go
to a new country have scary how
difficult how hard that would be
and just grateful that we have some
friends that found out a way that there
was something that we could do to help
out I think these ones might be a little
bit small let's get the next size up all
right so we picked up the clothes that
we want to donate to the refugee
children and I also got this look at
that
it's so exciting
anyway it's gonna be a big day at our
house for the potty princess tomorrow
why are you excited about it you want to
clean up the floor everywhere where she
pees we'll let you do that okay yeah why
are you excited about Italy she just
don't want her to happy you wanted to be
happy she's gonna be excited about it
all right
there we go goodnight jsow can I help
out out
