Laura do you have an owie yeah that's
right yeah Oh normal what should we do
about it me go ahead we need to go to
the dentist
is he gonna fix your your foot mm-hmm
try give it a kiss no you need going
again kiss and flex my toe you need to
go to the dentist and fix your toe yeah
well we are running some errands this
morning we're headed to TJ Maxx to do a
return and I tend to buy stuff and I
think oh if I change my mind I'll return
it or I'll see if it fits at home and
then I'll return it and then I forget
about it and then it gets like stuck in
my closet over this way buddy and like
three months later I'm like oh it's too
late to return it now so I'm trying to
see more on top of that and actually we
train stuff so that's what we're doing
well that guy named that pack or you
think we're getting a pet now we're
gonna take the kids to Pet Smart just to
let them see the animals
baby are the fish in a big bath the fish
always take long
do they always see bats or do they just
live in the water oh my goodness so
apparently these are glow fish how do
you make fish glow they really do they
look kind of like neon that's crazy
that is fun
this reminds me so much of the baby
section at the store
alright well someday we will get our
kids up head butt or just not quite
ready yet know what you're doing I'm gay
a double date with young please don't
tell her okay I won't tell her the
weather's gorgeous
so we stopped by to have an outside
lunch at chick-fil-a together a little
date and we're taking salad for Jeremy
as well
so Caleb's headed to a birthday party
tomorrow so we're picking out a present
for his friend
hey Caleb why are you buying Garrett a
present kitch tomorrow she's horrible
are you gonna go to the party are you
excited yeah Harry has an invitation to
the party okay he's narrowed it down to
these choices Michelle's my birthday
tomorrow yeah then I then then he would
come here what are you doing Caleb he's
playing the game where you can only walk
on the gray tiles I played this all the
time when I was shopping with my mom
growing up so I think it's really cute
going around the obstacles you can do it
so this is like four or five loads of
laundry that have got piled up here and
we've been running errands all day so I
just haven't been home to be able to get
much done we've only got one hour before
we got to go to our next thing so I'm
gonna try to knock all this out and
maybe even get our Mother's Day stuff
ready to go and caleb is wrapping his
friend Garrett's present good job all
right
there it is yeah all folded yep you hear
me good we're not far away from you
right
we sure do yes it's a wonderful day
where are we gonna head now I don't yes
you do where are we going
Kelly says mom can you talk that
graduation right yep let's go so tonight
is kindergarten graduation and the kids
spring music concert at school and
because of how far away we live from the
kids school that they go to once a week
um it just and the timing of the like
graduation and the concert it didn't
make sense for us try back and forth and
back and forth so we decide to kill some
time at
I see you saw her fall lose our horses
Laurie those are geese ha
look how its flying I love that this
park has a lake and geese and a little
waterfall it's beautiful the geese are
swimming with the fish you can see the
fish in the water that's a lot of fish
ah
so when I was growing up kindergarten
graduation wasn't really a thing
so our poll for today is did you have a
kindergarten graduation let us know
any memories from your kindergarten
graduation you know it was a pretty big
deal back when I was a kid I mean
kindergarten graduation was huge they
can't always understand your sarcasm oh
I'm being sarcastic yeah I didn't have a
kindergarten graduation
her favorite color is purple when she
grows up she wants to be a chef because
that is her talent and she likes cooking
she admires her mom because she likes
the things that she gets you don't like
snuggling with her and reading and math
and all those fun things she also loves
playing ballet with her little sister
well that was really special to be able
to watch Elyse graduate it was just cute
and anyway it actually surprised me
because I cried during it and I didn't
think I would cry but what happened was
all of a sudden I felt like I saw the
next 12 years of her life just like
flashed before my eyes and I just
realized how quickly time's going and
how quickly it's going to go by and
she's just gonna be a grown young woman
and it just made me want to like really
capture these moments and make the most
of my time with her and just made me
also so grateful for her like she's such
a gift in our family I love her so much
so right after he Lisa's kindergarten
graduation we have a concert for Isaac
you may go find your parents
thank you yeah you did so good Jay how
so Wow a building collapsed
you
