so right up by my work today a building
collapsed
you snuggling this morning good way to
start off a day mmm
what are you working on Ben my calendar
yeah
what's on the calendar this week on
Sunday I go to church on Monday I play
and to play oh that's a good day it's a
Garrett birthday that's gonna be fun
yeah that's really the day on Thursday
hmm lessons swimming lessons yeah
awesome
on Friday it we play and to play on on
Saturday we play and a play I wrote this
all myself with this you did a great job
button so I just picked up the camera to
vlog and I look down and there was an
ant like crawling on my hand and anyway
it's off now I just wanted to tell you
guys what did I want to say I feel like
there's a lot of new subscribers lately
which is awesome like welcome we're
really excited I just feel like maybe
you guys don't know us very well yet and
so I almost feel like I should do an
introduction like hi my name is Kendra
welcome to our blog but what I really
want to say is hi my name is Kendra and
I have good days and I have hard days
like I struggle with anxiety and
depression and some days I'm just are
harder for me emotionally than others
and today's one of those days I just I'm
just blah not feeling awesome emotion
and the gloomy cloudy weather isn't
helping much but when I woke up this
morning I was aware that I wasn't
feeling awesome and so I read from my
scriptures and Jeremy was so sweet and
stayed home with the kids for a little
bit so I could run to the gym just to
try to help myself emotionally then I
stopped at Panera Bread and picked up
this yummy looking salad for lunch
so right up by my work today a building
collapsed I Drive by this building every
day coming home from work and it was
originally built in the 1800s but it's
been under renovation for the last
several months the building was under
renovation for one of my friend's
business I got a text from him this
morning about the collapse and I just
feel really bad for them because
obviously this is going to push back any
opportunity to open up in that location
anytime soon nobody was injured with the
collapse but just to be sure
investigators brought out dogs to make
sure that there was no one trapped in
the rubble the guy who was in the
building right next to the collapse was
actually working at the time that it
fell and he said it sounded like a
freight train
looks like something else crazy is going
on right now like the guys getting
arrested right in front of me I'm trying
to go to my office and okay well this is
the craziest day ever you're working
with your tools today buddy
me and mom are playing like it sanics
what are we doing with our stomachs are
we making music mm-hmm so Caleb and I
were sitting and reading together and
then he's like mom your tummy's fat and
then we were poking on my tummy together
and then he started like patting on my
tummy and he was like mom if your tummy
was a trampoline little people could
jump so high on it and then he's like
mom your tummy could be a soft pillow
and anyway we talked about how grateful
I am that my tummy held for children and
that it's jiggly because I had four kids
that's just the way it is how did daddy
just tell me that we don't know what are
the verses that swim in water
seahorses daddy seahorses they are the
ones vend do the babies
oh they are how did you know that
because where'd you learn it from I
don't know so today we started a new
unit we are learning about the human
body together and we talked about it and
just had a good experience I'm really
excited to help the kids learn like how
their body is what it is and how it does
what it does and we are now going to do
a big puzzle it's a hundred pieces so
this is gonna be a group effort there it
is do you need some help I'll come help
you
here's how our puzzle turned out a whole
human body so tonight we are getting
some work done outside and it feels good
Jeremy and I are going to take turns
mowing the lawn because we have a big
get one so it takes a while but we are
also measuring for our little I don't
know these areas are called our little
plant landscaped areas there's a lot of
alive weeds to be 1/2 inches
I'm trying to vlog my unsheath leg Oh
are they unshaven so guys I didn't show
her today and I don't know shower
yesterday and I was meaning to but then
I went to the gym and then I knew I was
gonna mow the lawn and then I put on
these pants LaVon does like I haven't
shaved my legs in like forever so and
we're gonna go out in public like that I
know like I couldn't tell so you're good
Oh am I in your way sorry there's
different ways you can pull out weeds
but the key is you want to get the root
out otherwise it's just gonna the road
back she's coming you're coming all
right come join us so the little ones
you can just pull out kind of easy but
if they've been there for a while you
have to use a write a poem but do you
see what happen it ripped in half
so I pulled the weed but look the root
is still there so that means it'll just
grow right back and sometimes the weeds
are really prickly do you guys see this
one so it hurts to do it
so watch I'm gonna just use a hoe and
I'm gonna actually get the root out okay
so we are gonna work as a family do I
think we can get all the weeds out of
here in 10 minutes got a weed okay and I
throw in the trash can
good job working together so the poll
question for today do you have a garden
let us know in the poll
it's not so good
we sure get these yeah
all right so the question of the day
what's your favorite flower let us know
in the comments below this is my
favorite what is this
it's a rose here's the flowers looks
like we just got just the right number
why it's hot is it one all right Caleb
you helping oh good job team
good try way to help the dirt in there
we go hey we did it we got the hole now
you put the flower in it and then you
put the dirt around it this is my own
flower alright your plant another one
yeah I'm gonna call her it's a bit so
this one's is a bit Elsa and boo boo
only a little boy names a flower food oh
it smells so good yeah alright you guys
see your hands yeah
they're dirty okay no licking um thank
you good all right guys let's step back
and see how good step back well it's
definitely not perfect we're not
landscapers by any means but it's better
than it was before and it felt so good
to get out here and do this as a family
and like get the kids involved and dig
and get all dirty like I don't very
often get to dig in the dirt and it felt
good to try to make something more
beautiful so yeah get your guys's
attention girls so when we do family
selfies now the rule is just get your
head in the picture somehow everybody
get your head and we just got some Jen's
I'm gonna post them over on Instagram
and throwed up them
good sir go
one kid said get set go come on Laura
she's racing yeah high five
wash those hands miss Morrow are you
ready for a bath
J how's that give a big hug good
