so I've always told Jeremy I feel like I
have the heart of a photographer whoa
whoa good morning friends we got a box
this morning and I'm excited to open us
do you know what it is it's a early
Mother's Day present and it takes
pictures is it for me
yeah will you help me open it yeah all
right this is an SD card and you put it
inside the camera and it remembers the
pictures for you
any of that is a bag to put the camera
in here is the new camera it is an EOS
Rebel t5 DSLR camera from Canon it's
huge it's bigger than our blogging
camera so all of this came together as a
special limited time Mother's Day bundle
and it's nice is it comes with
everything that I need like I don't have
to go out and pick a bag and I have to
go and remember to buy an SD card a bad
we're gonna charger very important very
important so two different lenses come
with this bundle
what's the sizes of the lenses this
one's an EFS 18 to 55 millimeter lens
this one's an EF 75 to 300
very nice maybe help me create a bag at
the zoo then it will be a little it
comes with bubble wrap yes
so what's awesome is that we are going
to the zoo today so I'm going to take
this I feel like a kid with like present
and I'm really grateful because we're
actually partnering with Canon on this
videotape this bundle is available for
an amazing price right now be sure to
check the description box for more
details ok Kendra's testing it out
alright I need to keep people ready good
nailed it
alright I can't wait to try this at the
zoo let's go so I want to be really
honest with you guys sometimes when we
have sponsored videos or brand deals
it's here for me to feel like I come off
sounding authentic and so here's the
real deal the real deal is that we were
ecstatic when Canon reached out to us
because we love Canon all of our cameras
are canons I'm talking into a Canon
camera right now our other like nicer
sit-down video camera is a Canon DSLR
and the first DSLR that we ever bought
when Isaac was a new baby was a Canon
and
it's just exciting to be partnering with
them and I'm thrilled about this new
camera and that's the real deal
we are so doing right here really good
fun yeah
Juke is it
Oh
so the Africa part of the zoo is further
away and we normally don't come here but
the kids have been begging so we had to
come check it out
dinosaur that's a giraffe say hi giraffe
train out the different lens I want to
try it this is my first time doing it I
decided to switch the bigger one
Wazza org right now doesn't works we
decided to try the lift what do you
think buddy yeah it's like we're going
over Africa kind of cool huh buck could
do ski lifts scare you or are you
comfortable with them I always just
think it's funny how there's such a
little space that is on the wire it
always makes me feel a little bit
uncomfortable and I am kind of scared of
heights
what are zebras look all right you guys
we're coming in for the landing yeah
definitely
next off to you that we did it no one so
you think of their box
maybe faces they look like babies faces
their bums are so weird they just they
do kind of stick out all the honest
chimpanzee bums they're weird he yep
round watch the rhinoceros smells like a
pig one of this year when they're trying
to get up
we are safe in here but that's a good
question they're looking right at us
Laurie you feeling a little nervous whoa
oh my goodness oh yeah Wow he's right
there guys she-she sorry so I've always
told Jeremy that I feel like I have the
heart of a photographer like I just love
capturing images in a beautiful way and
capturing those moments but I've never
really learned how to do photography and
so what I love about these Canon cameras
is on auto mode I can get beautiful
pictures right now and when I'm ready I
can switch it to manual mode and have
fun and explore and learn everything I
want to learn about photography it's
time for the return trip on the what do
they call this a sky Safari ride or
something it's awesome what would it be
doing me right thing I'll be riding is
it fun I'll be flying
yes mommy will keep you safe Lacy's go
back there's the boys back there the
animals good job we went there and back
without losing anyone just hit the trip
Laura wants to be up on the top yeah
Kendra so why's the kids are starting to
melt down and she brought like little
baggies of gold fishes for all of them
and have snacks and drinks ready
ain't my first rodeo here Laura here's
Laura stack Nico big girl
oh this guy was beautiful today hey look
at that face what could you kill em look
at that grin like I can zoom in it can
see that dude so this reminds me of the
first DSLR camera that we bought which
was a Canon and it was back when you
were a newborn I decided that instead of
taking him out and paying for like new
more pictures and three-month pictures
and six-month pictures that I wanted to
invest in a good camera and hopefully
try to capture like the everyday moments
in a good way and as a result of that I
have like 5,000 pictures of Isaac when
he was a little that's true we were very
well photographed it is you I took
pictures of you I don't think I've heard
her refer to herself as me that's a new
thing
alright well if you're interested in
trying out this kind of a camera
we definitely recommend canons we love
them and use them regularly and this
this bundle where I got all the
different things together is a Mother's
Day special and it's only available for
a short time it's a limited time offer
so if you're interested there's
definitely link below where you can
check it out and that's all for today
TransAm day house out east Oh
JC's out can you say Jay house out oh
he's a grumpy say Jay hugs out
