you
you girls going fishing yeah okay good
job team you're going fishing you did it
all right tonight is my nephew's
birthday party it's Luke's birthday
we're trying to find a present for him
it's not easy to come with four little
kids into the toy section of Walmart and
make it out alive today is super quiet
because the kids are playing the quiet
game they call it hush puppies but they
set a goal to all stay quiet for 15
minutes and if they do then I give them
all piece of gum so they came up with
this and I was like okay sure I did
stations today for quiet time Isaac's
doing kind of a school work rotation
where he's getting some of his
schoolwork done elese is over here on
the building rotation I can't figure out
what it pink yeah I think okay good job
so Caleb's doing a magnetic like color
by number picture so we've been watching
that kids baking championship on Netflix
and in one of the episodes all the
Baker's made this dough that's called
had a shoe it's a pastry puff dough and
I was watching all these like 10 to 12
year old kids making this and I was like
I could do that I want to try it
and Jeremy absolutely loves cream puffs
that's probably one of his favorite
desserts and so I decided I wanted to
try it and so the kids and I made pad a
choux which is these
this like fluffy dough that you made and
you fill it with yumminess I just love
this about Kendra she sees something
that she's excited about and she wants
to try it and then she actually does it
that's super attractive and awesome so
we filled it with just regular vanilla
pudding because that's what we had on
hand but we also made homemade chocolate
frosting and they taste just like cream
puffs or eclairs or whatever those
things are called as well yeah the
chocolate is hardened and when I'm like
that what I loved sorry my master hole I
love that we got to try something new
like all together like it's fun to feel
adventurous in the kitchen like I didn't
even know how to make these I never like
an eating them at stores but I never
once thought I could do it so it's
really fun I was kind of giddy about it
but I want to make me do dang should we
do it again lease is learning about
tally marks today how's it going did
pretty good so she had a worksheet page
that we needed to do but I also knew
that I wanted to make it hands-on some
way so I just grabbed a bunch of pens
and pencils and we're using those as
telling marks and talking about how it's
faster to count this way all right Caleb
what you doing
I love gift bags they're so simple let's
see it
Oh you can't even see it anymore you hid
it very well did you guys make birthday
cards for him too yes
the last time we were at a trampoline
place I hurt myself really bad I
hyper-extended my knee and it took over
a year to get close to normal it still
isn't all the way normal
yeah
all right I finally got brave enough to
try jumping off the side wall it's kind
of scary
I'm going to try it with the twist
nailed it the hennas
Oh
lover the night's go so this is the
first time they turned off the lights
tonight danced out today we're doing the
warhead challenge
