today we're doing the warhead challenge
all right today we're doing the warhead
challenge and we're also going to eat
these candies mu or sent them to us from
Japan and apparently they're really
sorry love have you ever had a warhead
before no what do you think it's gonna
taste like sour okay
are we gonna give you some candy what
foods have you eaten that are sour
before thank you
Isaac is getting a lemon one yeah I know
you did it for Laura we cut off a tiny
piece
I don't like it is it too sour or do you
like it I like it
our kids like sour apparently junk
candy ha ha ha all right Laura here's
the sour Japanese candy suck one - did
he was that Caleb I thank you you like
it okay all right hey look here's this
sour Japanese candy it's good I'm kind
of a wuss I don't really like sour
things so we've made it a little more
intense with the Japanese sour candy by
eating a lot of them at one time
Oh eight
mom's no I don't like it hey hey the
farty warhead challenge here's the
Japanese handy o4 I don't love it oh
gosh kind of makes me feel like I'm
gonna cry what I love it is it worse
than the warhead or better like which is
more sour this one's more sour than the
warhead what about you guys do you like
sour candy there's a pole up here let us
know yes or no if you like sour candy
and in the comments below be sure to let
us know which challenges you'd like to
see our family do next we really had a
great time doing this so thanks for
watching
big house out
and
