all right buddy where we headed to the
docks what are they gonna do take out my
statues good you are good morning we are
trying to get started this morning but
apparently the living room exploded on
itself there we are
why don't have a towel wrap and because
I just washed my hair
ah all right what are you all up to
oh you're the dad oh that's nice who's
the baby well I can say me you're the
baby I thought you were the kitty cat
terraspin whoa
what are you doing what who are you
roaring at what are you doing sure
there's two of them bunny oh oh you're
right they're right there they're so
cute so our water heater has been slowly
breaking to the point where we can only
take like super short showers like it's
still a little bit warm for a little bit
of time so this morning I washed my hair
with my head turned upside down in the
bathtub with cold water so then I'd be
able to jump in the shower and actually
have warm water for like a few minutes
hour anyway you need to get it fixed
we've just been living with it because
what are we getting ready to do alright
so I got out all these things for the
kids to invent their own recipe they've
been really excited and wanting to
create their own thing and so this is my
effort to try to let them do it
so if you got to batter
I know oh you had a cinnamon
you just go into town bigger Oh Laura
asked for marshmallows and cereal
now I can be on the kids cooking
challenge because I'm practice now we're
rolling them and all and you're not
really sticking roll it into a ball and
you did all right Isaac how's it going
boys can I eat my - all right here's his
mixture and his peanut butter balls hmm
messy but worth it all right well I
think that only took five or ten minutes
to clean up I'm so impressed with the
kids like they're growing up and
actually getting to be really helpful
like Caleb pulled all the chairs away
and Alise swept it all up and Isaac
helped Laura wash her hands and change
her shirt and I wiped off the table and
before I knew it it was clean like
that's so exciting to see them being old
enough to really contribute in
meaningful ways and that they wanted to
do that that they understood that we can
only do these fun things when we help
and work together like like yes success
or like a successful moment so we just
climbed in the car to go to piano
lessons and our car stinks I don't know
what like died in here it's like oh you
think there's a mouse Teddy yeah
hopefully not a mouse did we bring food
and okay time to clean cars
all right buddy where we headed to hold
off what are they gonna do take out my
sketches all right cubby this way now
you're doing a good job you're going big
this isn't gonna hurt buddy that was one
of them so she cuts it and then she
pulls it what do you think what kind of
stickers are you gonna be your favorite
that's fine spider-man is your favorite
whoa yeah whoa
she said it's kneeling really well like
do you not have any um the other nurse
is going to come in and put some
ointment on it and you're going to get a
new band-aid look pointman pointment is
like a little cream that helps it be
healthy all I did was use the tweezers
and scissors I just shared snips you're
the coolest kid I know I know okay Oh
Caleb would you get free ice cream from
son and what we're gonna have to go with
ice cream got it
we're gonna need some napkins whole
question of the day do you prefer your
ice cream in a cone or in a bowl
personally I prefer mine in a bowl
because it's just cleaner and I don't
like the taste of the cone unless it's
like an amazing gourmet waffle cone or
something like that do you like a bowl
or a cone better why do you like a cone
better tell you again
he likes the licking
knock knock who's there bill boo who
don't cry is to show yo so all the way
home he's been telling me knock-knock
jokes and it's hilarious like I love it
so in the comments below let us know
what your favorite knock-knock joke is
because we've been really enjoying our
knock-knock jokes
look at Jeremy are you trying to get
some hail look it
and after the hail comes the sunshine
all right we're keeping dinner easy
tonight with Papa Murphy's YUM thanks
thanks you two lazy girl that's great so
each of the kids made their own peanut
butter ball and now Jeremy gets to be
the official taste tester this is a good
job miss alright so we currently Caleb's
are going first you can eat the whole
thing right you like you like about it
yeah it's gonna be a cricket
I really like the marshmallows in with
the peanut butter mine because you don't
normally get that soft gooey texture let
me try yours
Helen's mommy's is this your really
yours dad tonight
crunchy it's not miss sweet and I didn't
over sweetened it mine has cream cheese
it's supposed to be more like a cream
cheese mm-hmm
this is Florida's ball so Laura really
made it on her own
did you go I see a raisin which I'm kind
of excited about Laura did you do it is
Daddy eating of all you made I hope you
like it the raisin gives it a sweet
juiciness and combined with the kicks
puffy crunchiness it's a really good
peanut butter ball Laura you did it this
one looks very smooth oh I like this
smooth she she rolled all of hers very
nicely
you take that sweetness that sugar mmm
so it's sweet and as a marshmallow hmm
and chocolate I love it good job then
Isaac's is last and here it this one is
probably ready since he's I got like
four pores or should i stirring it up
pretty well he did a really great job of
blending things in all right not just
realizing did you guys prank me by like
putting bugs in here no bugs I'm really
ready I did forever yours is very simple
and I like that I can see the sprinkles
inside just for a little touch of
happiness and here are the awards for
the fruitiest peanut butter ball the
winner is like the sweetest softest
simplest one funnest texture
extravaganza
ah pretty looking all of them all that
you ask yeah these are real girls okay
the committee voted on Mont and my visa
would and mommy was the hottest Wow
goodnight Junior Seau
look so cute first dress rehearsal
tonight
