you look so cute first dress rehearsal
tonight
what are you doing this morning oh
that's so nice of you how come you
decided to do a secret for her oh you're
so nice well good morning today has been
going really well so far
Isaac spontaneously decided to serve
Kayla by making his bed and then I walk
into a decent room and Caleb's making
Lisa's baby see you need to make your
bed it's already made what I made your
bed alright so we are reading books and
having a fun snack it's like a snack
lunch we're having bagels cheese
cucumbers carrots and apples and we're
reading this whole stack of books over
here is this your plate yeah what do you
have on there there's damnit
carrot hmmm it cucumber good job what's
in your hand Laura
a bagel and what are you drinking water
it's in there oh you don't have to touch
it it's in there is it hard what you
guys are incredible
actually after I get this as big as I
want I'm gonna try to die are you eating
the I think you're being so nice
I made the kids come slowed up I can't
talk today I made the kids some kale
chips for a snack that's not a snack yes
it isn't called kale chips Oh No
nor did you try it did you taste one
your taste one what do you think okay
good
you say it's good okay let's pick up the
rest of it come back in your Bowl and
then you can eat it for a snack
we don't dump out our food little Missy
what are you doing eat it little Missy I
can't figure out how to tie it it's kind
of hard you didn't I did it you did it I
am so stinking front of you way to go
Calum what are you doing lying at the
loo what's that mate are you drinking it
you're trying to blow it up with water
in it what do you want to do with it
with water and Aaron and get make it pop
and then what's gonna happen it's daddy
it's a surprise for Dad yeah oh this is
a surprise for daddy
he goes oh well enjoy that surprise
Jimmy hey how'd it go we settled the
case and it feels really good I was
really Jeremy went to a mediation this
morning for a case and now it's over and
it went really well for you it was
actually mediating with my old boss at a
firm I used to work at and so to see
everybody was neat but the craziest part
was that I used to drive an hour every
day to work and an hour back I can't
believe I did that
I'd love to hear in the comments below
how long it takes you to commute either
to work or
every day let us know in the comments
alright lessee what are you making
chocolate cake hmm did you know what
we're gonna turn it into what cake balls
I've never done that with you kids
before and done I used to do it and I
think it'll be fun
very nice
what's she making and food what kind of
food a little I become a magic act it's
this river and go this bag
what do it again I need ya Caleb's bum
because Isaac won't tell on his magic
trick secrets
alright now what's gonna happen if can
go give me two fingers let's see it what
I think it Joseph
oh no it's cuz you have to know magic
do you know magic no but he's gonna come
hear me I'll see
you want to get pushed Wow okay this is
just a little large
I am
all right so Caleb is gonna help me make
cake balls which he doesn't know what
you're getting into yet but why we're
making the cake balls because we hit
90,000 subscribers
yes what is this room we do Oh drop the
cane and just fried it we were not that
entirely the one but you want to make
cake balls yep okay the first step is I
make it to destroy the cake okay how do
you do that well how would you destroy
it
yeah that's it you got to get all mushed
up all my stuff like this new trick it's
a man with a job no not right now I
suggest I just tell if I have now Caleb
if we go to a friend's house or a
birthday party do we destroy cakes there
well okay so this is kind of a special
circumstance right Kate a second say it
Troy keep it in the pan okay are we
ready for the next step
don't eat it why because your hands will
get dirty
okay ready now we take this and we put
it in there okay ready drop it in oh
I've met with this spoon okay now we
have to mush it all together with the
frosting okay that's easy
I love that I can help at the end you
can but not right now so they're not
looking very aesthetically pleasing but
I promise they're going to be delicious
and I promise her hands are clean you
look so cute first dress rehearsal
tonight and this is her first dance
recital I am so excited what do you
think Laura it is so pretty huh Laura
say good luck it's good so I just drove
all the way to be Lisa's recital place
um with the trunk open okay let's go
girlfriend when we get out there get
your two lines before you get into your
to being hots okay there oh good
we had to do it too tight because we
made a big yeah but how did you feel
being up there in front of everybody
there's fun were you nervous no a little
I saw your big smile up there oh I'm so
excited kay you're gonna dance again
all right well here's our cake balls to
celebrate what awesome what do you want
to say to our subscribers thank you for
watching her vlogs yeah what do you want
to say to our subscribers I love you you
want to see more subscribers I I tell
you that 100 miles
I love uh is that your answer okay what
you want to say to our subscribers thank
you yeah anytime we reach a milestone I
think back to our one-month anniversary
we showed a lot of our emotions early on
we started to all I heard for that all
right miss Laurie you can get one get a
cake ball man I get one yeah everybody
can get a cake ball that was my opinion
mmm how did I get left with the kitty
seat last one with the table all right
you don't need a little bit more all you
did was look that one you gotta eat a
girlfriend
you go to me
