I think what just happened here's your
big dude
huge thunder are you scared I'm scared
because we're gonna be gone that's good
you're scared too
that's how you guys you see it alright
good morning this is our weather today
the forecast is for this all day long
there's severe thunderstorm warnings
apparently we're having Taylor's moment
and it is tornado season so that's
definitely a risk we're gonna keep our
you know phones close to us with our
alerts available and listen for sirens
under the best we can the kids are
pretty scared thank you
what's a dinosaur yes yeah are you
scared yeah you're scared of the
dinosaur
what's the dinosaur sound like no Stan
sir it's a loud dinosaur yeah Nora it's
the rain it's called lightning and
thunder know what it's a dinosaur yeah
okay well guess what what
laughs so it is it's raining
what you doing bin Oh perfect timing
with the camera the umbrella
yeah just did my suit get there you go
to court grabbing the umbrella that we
have the one umbrella that we own Hey
we don't really live in an area where
you need umbrellas Jeremy Laura scoot
over so I can jump down to the court
let's go all right Danny
well I'm not usually somebody that lets
weather get in the way of my plans you
know I live in the Midwest we have
thunderstorms we have snow and you just
keep living your life so I loaded up the
kids in the car to take him to their
homeschool co-op this morning and we
started driving and it's a bit of a
drive and we probably got five or ten
minutes away from our house and I just
didn't feel good about it I like the
rain was coming down so hard that I
couldn't see very well it started
hailing again so that's never fun there
was lots of standing water on the road
so I was having to go really slow and
even then some of the places I was
having to drive through I didn't feel
safe and then I saw two cars that had
already spun off the road and I was like
you know I think we'll just go home so
we're going to spend the day at home
today soccer is obviously canceled for
tonight I had a meeting that I was
supposed to go to today and you know
that one's getting canceled so it's
going to be a day at home and I like
that so last night we introduced the
kids the kids baking challenge it's a
show that's over on Netflix they only
watch the first half of the first show
but they went to bed last night
brainstorming and talking about all
these different recipes that they wanted
to invent and try and then today I come
out and they all have a notebook and
they're all writing these recipes Caleb
washed his hands and he's standing by
the kitchen aide tell us about your
recipes
kitchen oh you're going to ok what's
your recipe ok 1 cup of sugar 1 cup of
milk 1 cup are certain 1 cup of
strawberries wait a minute there's 1 cup
of sugar 2 times so how many cups of
sugar does that make - what oh I thought
you really yummy Wow
no I'm gonna make it right now so these
two are hard at work on their recipes
Isaac's what is yours kind called Isaac
blueberry crisp pie ooh
his recipe has a crust made out of
frosted flakes and marshmallows which
sounds really cool oh yeah like rice
krispie treats sign is called easy whoo
and if and if you want to do this um you
can just we can take a picture of it and
then um you guys can cook my wrist
here's Elise's recipe we've got 1 cup
milk 2 cups brown sugar add skittles 3
cups of marshmallows add strawberries 5
bananas
yeah 6 apples mm-hm now you're done aha
Rosetta Oh Elise just asked if she could
put 2 cups of sugar in her recipe or if
that wasn't healthy for our bodies I'm a
good thing to be thinking about and
Isaac asked what would happen to
skittles in the oven so we're gonna have
to experiment Elise I'm going to eat 2
cups of sugar and we'll see what happens
to me I am excited about their
creativity and a little bit nervous I
don't know if I have the patience to do
this in the kitchen with all of them
but I want to let them be creative and
try new things and like learn what works
and what doesn't but I also don't want
to waste a bunch of food ingredients
and Caleb thinks he's like really
starting his recipe right now
so I've been having some serious
problems with my gutters and they just
shot out two balls that were stuck in
this one and on the other side same kind
of thing going on and so I'm glad we
have people out here taking a look at it
so there's been a lot of talk potential
tornadoes in the area so we decided to
stock up on some things just to be
prepared in case anything happens with
the weather so there are chances of rain
coming up in a little bit but the park
is completely empty right one of the
parks where there's no mud it's a pad
yeah you want to push
while poll question for today have you
ever been in a city when there was a
tornado there at the same time we've a
new bandaid on it yeah hi Phelan where
are they what do they have like a
machine that makes it go it makes what
go oh there's the stitches yeah I don't
know exactly how they take him out leave
I bet they have a way that it doesn't
doctors are cool like that
all right so for about the last month
I've been meaning to do a tornado drill
with the kids and get kind of a tornado
kit ready and the weather this morning
totally inspired me that I needed to
hurry and get it done so if you hear
this noise when you're outside what
should you do calming down and come
inside right away and how is this
different than a fire engine it doesn't
work
is it too loud
so remember guys they do a practice once
a month and so if you hear it outside
you can come till mom and mom will know
if it's a real emergency or not a real
one or not exactly real if you win show
Wednesday I'll run the clock out oh yeah
yeah when hey mom hey what I Helene is
it too loud
hey Laura what's a tornado coming is
very nice a tornado is really nice yeah
what is it
yes climbs out it is it is loud Lisi
what's a tornado um it's when the clouds
de Lima so fast around and ran the
bottom is so tiny but then it goes yeah
you know the shape of it huh
sometimes en goes up to 200 miles per
hour
are you serious okay guys so there's two
different things there's a tornado
warning and a tornado watch I have to
remind myself every year because it
feels different than what I think it
should be so which ones more severely
see a tornado Oh morning yes so tornado
warning means the siren goes off and you
go to where the basement yep and what
does a watch mean you're just it right
time it might come the conditions could
happens you need to pay attention right
yep
say to me a watcher tornado tornado
warning ten times tornado watch tornado
warning tornado watch tornado warning
too narrow what still never warning
tornado a tornado warning tornado watch
to never wanna go to me turn turn turn a
watch tornado warning tornado watch
tornado warning buzzer buzzer hey watch
her yeah boy gay Guppies you're in
tomorrow morning don't pull all the rest
another what another one yeah tornado
watch tornado warning tornado watch
alright alright time to pack our tornado
bag oh yeah Isaac go grab the water
bottles Lacey can you go for have a pack
of granola bars yeah Laura can you go
grab me the diaper oh yeah all right put
it over here
alright Lera put your diaper in there
well we realize we need a bigger bag hey
can you guys put the flashlights in
there
good job all right you guys ready to do
a practice run
everybody's gonna pretend to go to sleep
okay okay
this area I know
Wow we were fat you guys did great jump
in your pillow
so in a real tornado warning we'll have
the kids line up all along here so my
dream for dad ran a lot so the safest
place to go in a tornado is to go to the
lowest level of your house possible and
then to get away from windows and so for
us that's obviously our basement and
then we have two areas without windows
we have our bathroom and then we have
this Playhouse that's underneath the
stairs and from what we've read
underneath the stairs is actually really
a safe place so we come in here and then
Jeremy pulls a big couch to block the
door because you don't want any flying
debris to be able to come into the space
where you're at so that's what we do so
in one of my houses when I was little we
had a tornado warning when my parents
were gone so we had a babysitter and we
went to the central part of our house on
the ground floor which we didn't have a
basement so it was our family's pantry
and my sister and her friend were
raising us because they were older and
they had us all grab our bike helmet and
we all sat in there with our bicycle
helmets I heard play a game of what
sounds like a fun idea yeah I'm feeling
really nervous because I'm about ready
to take a pregnancy test
