all right friends I am feeling really
nervous because I'm about ready to take
a pregnancy test
well we're saying goodbye to Jack and
Emily it's been awesome having them here
that they have to go on for their next
location
look I do like your hair it's gorgeous
well we're missing Kendra she's gone
today again at the homeschool convention
where are we headed yep our cousin Blake
has a soccer game and Isaac had the idea
of making signs and so all the kids
wanted to do
okay all right it is time to mow the
lawn
well I love the feel and the smell and
the look like a grass tender day are
heading out on a date night
and now we're coming to target to pick
up milk and just some of those
last-minute things we need and dessert
because that sounds delicious and I've
been like telling him everything about
the conference that I went to it was so
wonderful and enriching and I'm trying
to like de jet digest all the thoughts
and figure out how I'm going to
internalize them and make changes in my
life and my home and my own school
you
all right friends I am feeling really
nervous because I'm about ready to take
a pregnancy test um yeah I don't know
what else to say besides that you know
like a pregnancy is a baby it's a
life-changing thing and it's crazy that
you know you take a test and it says
positive and then boom your life changes
in front of you and I feel like I'm
going to feel a little bit overwhelmed
if it is positive just because that's
such a big thing but also if it's
negative I think I may be disappointed
so I'm just like a cluster of emotion
our oldest is seven and then we have a
six-year-old a four-year-old and a
two-year-old and when our two-year-old
or was born we kind of wondered if we
were done we're like four is a big
family like I think we might be done
we were just feeling overwhelmed and
really busy but as time has gone on it's
been about the last six months that I've
been saying to Jeremy like I think we're
gonna have another one and he at first
was not really sure about that but in
January when Laura turned 2 I remember
on her birthday he came to me and he
said you know it would be really
precious to have a baby again like we
both love children and love siblings and
the joy of siblings I'm a directions
reader I read the directions all right
well I'm waiting three minutes for the
results my periods actually been a week
late and I've been starting to feel
nauseous which usually happens meeting
really early on my pregnancies but I'm
so I kind of feel like I'm pregnant but
then I also wonder if it's just in my
head like because I think I am pregnant
then do I feel that way ah this is once
again minutes you've got like 40 more
seconds I'm excited
I can read the results now
well that says enough for net
these are still earn this come on you're
pretty smart kid it's not burn really
know pregnant well I have mixed emotions
I get really sick when I'm pregnant and
with four kids like I've been
overwhelmed like how was I going to
manage that and this was a little bit on
the earlier side of what we were
planning for when they have in the next
baby so it's not it doesn't mean we
can't have another baby sometime soon it
gives us a little bit more time to get
our house and our lives in order with
that focus on some other aims your
future so that's probably good but also
like it's been a whole week of me
wondering what was going on and so I
kind of feel like even in just that week
I got a little attached like to the idea
of it you know you get excited you're
like oh this is going to be big and a
big change and how beautiful like I
thought about how much the kids would
love it and how it helped each of them
and then I thought about like how
wonderful this is a whole little baby so
I think I feel a little bit relieved
because who likes to be sick for months
at a time I also feel really sad I
really hope that you guys don't feel
like this is quick babe um we thought a
lot about whether or not to even share
this with everybody but it's something
that really happened in our life this
last week it's been a big part of my
life you know like wondering and
thinking and essentially I'm just an
emotional mess and that's it for today
but we're going to move forward tomorrow
and it's going to be a great week yes
Hey
