oh I think she thinks it's somebody's
birthday is it yours
we are getting ready for Mother's Day
and we're partnering with hallmark
signature on this we are so excited to
do something special for our moms and
our grandmothers who means so much and
normalize so we decided to keep it
simple we're giving them these Hallmark
signature cards which are amazing and
beautiful and we're also going to do a
little crafts with the kids
I think these cards and this crafts are
going to make a really fun Mother's Day
gift for our mothers and our
grandmothers and I'm a little bit
worried because some of them watch these
videos so if you are our mother or
grandmother and you're watching this
video stop it guys when should we be
very soft to him wow you made news hard
this is a Hallmark signature card and
look how it sparkles baby you did Fargo
a and beautiful how do they
I don't know this is for Grandma sandy
do you think she'll like it
mm-hmm-hmm so guys this is the card that
we got for Grandma oh when I soars up
looking back do I curse the best you
want to eat it what it's not for eating
this is a card so this is the card that
I chose for my mom and what really
struck me about this card right away was
that it says on the inside thanks for
always showing me that love isn't
something you say it's something you do
happy Mother's Day mom
growing up my mom stayed home with us
and she taught us at home and she read
to us and she took us to the library and
on adventures and I feel like I really
look up to her and admire the way that
she gave us her time a specific memory
comes to mind when I was in high school
I got really sick for like six or eight
weeks and it was hard for me to keep up
with my schoolwork and I remember laying
in bed late one night and my mom was
reading aloud to me from you know some
English book that I had to read it was
some classic book like a Charles Dickens
or something and she just sat beside my
bed reading to me and you know that
moment of her sacrifice and her
willingness to be there for me whenever
I needed her I'm so blessed to have had
a wonderful mother and I just hope to do
the best I can to follow her example and
be a great mother to my own children all
right Peggy do you want to be blue or
green blood good choice
what's a grandma's job like what do they
do they can teach people nor what color
is this is it pink
duh this is yellow what's so special
about grandmas hey what does a grandma
you know what kinds of stuff do you like
to do with your grandma cook and paint
fingernails how old you have to be to be
a girl
good guess how old do you have to be to
be a grandma and 6 I'm painting your
hand so we can put on there for Grandma
to remember you how do I get this off
it's not gonna ever come on only now
we're going to keep it forever we'll
call you Caleb bloomin do you want to be
a grandma someday for sure we reckon it
yeah when will I be a grandma we'll see
Oh ready set go
1 2 3
straight up there you go one two three
whoo Nancy what are you watching it yeah
beautiful the work when I was 12 years
old my parents got divorced and there
are six kids in my family and I look
back at that time and I just remember
how hard my mom worked I went with her
one time to her job and she was doing a
night shift at a gas station and it just
wasn't a very pleasant job to have and
then during the day she was taking care
of us and she's just a strong
hard-working woman and so what I was
looking for a card to try to express my
gratitude for what she's done
this was the one that stood out it says
happy Mother's Day
celebrating a woman of strength and
beauty celebrating you with Mother's Day
fast approaching don't forget about your
amazing mothers and grandmothers and you
can get these Hallmark signature cards
wherever they sell Hallmark cards or you
can just click on the link below and get
them online happy Mother's Day
oh happy birthday to Mother's Day Jay
house out thanks what's your mom's
favorite thing to do eat chocolate cake
what does it mean to be a mother um to
take care of your children
