yeah it's been so tender to see how the
other kids were concerned about Caleb he
was at the ER late last night and so the
kids didn't see him they were in bed
when he got home and so it's just really
tender to hear their love for him what
did it feel like to get stitches that
feels like a big all right well I am
dressed and ready to go
looking hot well thanks I'm headed to a
homeschool conference today and I'm
really excited I'm going with my friend
and Jeremy's on dad duty I've been to
this conference a few times before and
I'm just excited I really like the
workshops there's inspiring speakers and
then there's a convention hall with like
everything you could ever want to see or
experience about home school it's a
while ago so you get water in it you
pull it up who gave it to you buddy it
was a shop we were at yes you have fun
with Daddy today okay okay mmm you show
the kids how to use your water gun maybe
in the bathroom sink okay and Caleb how
many headstands are you gonna do today
that's your oh man when he gets all
better will you do ten for me timeout so
over this weekend my brother Jeff and
his wife Emily stayed with us and they
were so good with our kids they played
so many fun games and we were just
really grateful to have them here
time in Algie change a guide to blue
blue is still a terrible color yeah
hey Caleb what are you doing I'm paying
looks like you're painting your whole
hand I'm trying not to
okay let's clean that off when you're
done okay
snap more bad news your nails look great
what color are you gonna do easy stain
yeah very nice go
Emily it's pretty and I'm we do this and
I do this and I what is she wearing nice
all right well we're together with
family we love to play games we're
playing cards what my nerd switch is
pretty much when my favorite games Emily
yes
it's a speed game on your mind you said
new it's always been so long since I
played that I'm always like she got it
I got nervous but I didn't get my many
out okay so we're now putting please and
and I just wanted to ask you in the
comments let us know what your favorite
card games are okay
try to guess and figure out what she's
doing electrocuted shock seizure digging
digging your gardening your plow it so
pro row your fearing of your work fold
your hands honey hole
if you haven't gotten together with
friends lately to play games you
shouldn't do it because it's Jay house
out today we're doing the animal
challenge
