go get the ball
I got headsets on the bunch but a few
minutes
so I'm getting ready to take the kids to
their home school enrichment program and
we're not running late but I mean we've
got to leave in just a few minutes I'm
not ready yet and I walked into my room
and I started making my bed I'm a
compulsive bed maker like no matter how
late I'm running I cannot leave my house
until my bed is made it's just something
about me like I just like to have my bed
made so here's my poll question for
today are you guys bed makers do you bet
it make your bed or do you not make your
bed and yeah luckily it only takes a
second and then I can hurry and get
ready and then when I come home I feel
like you know my life single alright so
it is Hat day at school today so the
kids didn't have to wear the uniforms
and they could wear any hat they wanted
mm-hmm so have a good day bye bye
Caleb walks up to me says mom this
scared me see this scared
it scared you again what are you
cleaning up who's on there who's the
pictures them and Salwa you found
Cinderella dominoes alright so we're in
the grocery store with these two you see
how long we last
in my town it's becoming really popular
to do online grocery shopping so you
order your groceries online someone else
does the shopping and then you just
drive by and pick it up or even better
they deliver it to you and I keep
needing to try it but by the time I
think of it like it's too last-minute
like I need food now which reminds me
we're also out of diapers
I need diapers now all right so the
Mickey Mouse diapers were on sale today
what do you think make me tell him
you're mickey mouse clubhouse diapers do
you want some let's take him home okay
I mean how they make general you're
helping make dinner
viii you need an apron what are you
making tacos we're having tacos for
dinner tonight and who's coming over for
dinner tonight
and Luigi a ninja so Jeremy's brother
Jeff and his new bride Emily Jean we
went to their wedding in January they
are driving through and actually
spending several days with us this week
so we're really excited to get to hang
out with them since we have soccer
tonight and it's gonna be a little bit
busy Caleb and I are making the dinner
in the middle of the day so we're making
the taco me right now how how was the
brown part get black we don't want the
brown part to get back we want the red
parts to get brown but we want none of
it to get black because black is burned
I always add black beans to my tacos and
Caleb is trying to figure out that can
opener but how
you're doing pretty well buddy how do
you turn this so hold this part still
now use this arm to turn that is it hard
you got it though don't you all right
we're here to pick up the kids from
their school day how is school good
what'd you learn about bug insects
why are you wearing your backpack on the
front oh hey I was school good
all right so school is out so now we're
headed to soccer and to see uncle Jeff
and aunt Emily whoa so this guy over
here has been working really hard he's
got a busy week i have a big mediation
and a big hearing coming up Monday and
Tuesday and it's busy getting everything
ready for it we just realized as we're
like barely on time soccer practice that
we're out of gas
so we're going to stop and gas up you
know just for fun
yeah
so this is our favorite gassing up game
Jeremy and I both play with the kids in
the gas up you are awesome the gas pump
wasn't working and I had to like pay $20
and then gas it up to that amount
it's funny how for another morning that
is now he loves you
what did you find blue as I can see the
flowers oh they're so pretty
good job go get the ball game up tired
out winning the next game you're playing
awesome buddy I'm proud of it so Caleb
was hilarious tonight he was so into it
he would like hold up his arm and go
charge and like run down the field yeah
yeah
he scored over and over and over again
and he just was like grinning from ear
to ear it was so awesome to see him so
happy and enjoying it so much
get it Caleb Emily's helping out Jesse
all right well we are gonna sit back and
eat and visit with our family Jay house
out
