it is raining outside so the kids are
getting creative and having some fun
inside our cousins are still here this
is jig Roger and the boys have built
this fort this morning and this is a
door I'm gonna sleep in here I think
that'll be fun I don't think I'm
sleeping you know Jay gets to leave they
have to go home today it's going to be a
bummer alright so since it's raining
this morning we decided to bring all the
kids down to this indoor playground it's
called amazing play it's up north of
Kansas City are you guys excited
you're gonna play tag okay let you in
you playing tag
all right well I decided I had to come
up in here and caleb is showing me
around all right Caleb show me where to
go next whichever way you want and I'm
coming with you buddy
good job big guy hey girls
I think I'm lost up in here at this
point Hey look how'd you get over there
there you are you gonna go down the
slide
what are you working on dinner Laura's
been hanging with aunt Tiffany Oh young
some grapes you're cooking something
good there all right Laura's gonna brave
it yeah Oh sweetheart it's okay
I remember going places like this with
my parents when I was a kid and I always
just played on them as if they were
working but we never put money into them
and now my kids do the same cheap
parents
hey guys I'm having we're having fun I'm
having I'm having fun with my cousin's
here on
all right so we've got vegetables some
apples a foam sword you know just the
usual lunch is that your pizza oh it's a
little bit hot put on your plate then
and blow on it
please can you blow on it for me Laura
oh no we don't like dangle it in the air
we put it down and we blow on it watch
how are you blowing it on it may be
going on it Lauren dad did it cool down
now so she doesn't like me to cut up her
food for anymore she likes to be a big
kid there you go
Howie did okay I had an important
business call so I needed it to be quiet
in here so Kendra put on a movie it
hasn't been very plain but I'm glad that
they're having fun
these girls are coloring away that looks
really nice it was really sweet I was
inside with Caleb and the boys came and
stuck their head in and said Caleb do
you want to come play baseball with me
and it just made my heart so happy to
see him being included and that they
were thinking about him and you're
having a lot of fun out here well
they're taking care of the air mattress
for us getting all that air out
somebody's gonna do it it's a big job
least he's trying
oh the big dog well my sister and I are
saying our goodbyes we just tried to
take some selfies together and we
decided that she's the better selfie hi
really long long arms yeah and and I
just couldn't manage it so we took like
ten with me taken and then she took it
like first time nailed it it was awesome
to have my sister here I'm so sad that
they live so far away and that we don't
get to see each other more because we
just have so much fun with them like
that's I feel like that nice part is it
harping I know and the best part is like
staying up late getting and launch a so
many families the best
the best and going with them you're
gonna go with them
yeah but I'm gonna miss you so much Wow
I'm gonna let them tip ah all my
children are leaving me and I think Aunt
Laura
Isaac we're gonna have to say goodbye to
Jake yeah it's time for them to go they
got ahead yeah go say goodbye
it's hard you guys seen this toy laura
is in love with it what do you make in
there and bread like a yummy snack blue
what's that one it looks the oranges
it's a lemon whoo what's that 100 boiled
eggs last ten times it's called a tomato
tomato
you cut it a whole bunch yeah yeah hey
Laura can I have some banana where's the
Nana
Thank You Caitlin once come to here guys
come come come come we sharing so I'm
teaching Elise how to change the toilet
paper you guys have asked me together
you did it as funny as a mom sometimes I
forget how many little things are to
teach kids but there you go now she can
change the toilet paper roll so Isaac
unloads the dishwasher all the time and
still learning to load the dishwasher
and I'm pretty impressed you're doing a
great job here buddy and I don't know
what these two are doing all right so
we're supposed to return this toy
tomorrow but we're missing the head of
the fish so we're on a search mission
trying to find it Elise you wanna help
me out okay you want to look under the
couch I'm gonna go look in Laura's room
nothing
so I've been scouring through the house
and then Kendra came upon this look soon
we played with the beads on Saturday or
Sunday and somehow it got cleaned up
with the bees so I was putting something
away in the closet and luckily I noticed
this so the fish head can be reunited
there we go fish head reunited and mom
reigns supreme in the finding things
game it's a super power it is it's an
AMA super power I was wondering what was
your favorite part of having the pasta
to love here but one at a time let's
start with flora where would you like
