well the kids are so excited to have
their cousins here this morning this is
my sister's family and there's been so
much shrieking and squealing and jumping
and excitement
it's just awesome so for breakfast I
made like an egg casserole type thing
and I'm also making some Abel skeevers
because this is they're part of the same
side of my family that grew up with
those so I make Abel's fever's because
my grandma Chris made Abel's fever's and
Grandma Chris made Abel skeevers because
her family's from Belgium and her
grandmother made Abel skeevers and I
just love that family history that
connection to the generations before me
earlier this week my younger sister was
doing some family history work and came
across a census from the 1930s here in
America when my grandma was just a
little baby and so we got to look at she
sent an image of it's the rest of my
family and I got to look at it and see
like what her household was like and you
know that she was living with her
parents because she was baby obviously
and her older brother but she was also
living with her grandma and her uncle
and the rent for their house was only
$15 a month and he's just beautiful to
see it right there it made it seem more
alive to me and it was also this moment
you know I don't know where where I was
just aching and missing grandma her so
much and so grateful for so many stories
that she had told me about her mother
and her grandmother so anyway I just
loved that kind of stuff what Matt did
it mm-hmm we've got the jams and the
jellies and someone commented that in
their family or what's traditional in
Belgium is to actually bake the jam into
the center I'm gonna have to try that
sometime
you all right so my sister-in-law and my
brother nice this is actually yours he
tried that over again sleeping in a bed
next remember okay so this is my sister
Tiffany there she is
and you guys have met her before and her
husband Jimmy is that their the bro
venture that we just did yes good so we
just got back from church and we're
eating some snacks and the kids are
playing outside and we're getting ready
for like a bigger dinner tonight so
here's our snack lineup we're going for
the healthy or trying I don't know what
the girls are doing what are you guys
doing cooking what are we making salad
yeah I mean uh-huh Kendra and I are just
watching on Netflix this new cooking
show with Duff from the Ace of Cakes and
it's about little kids cooking baking it
was really fun we've all I've always
seen one but it was fun but I'd love to
hear in the comments below what is your
favorite cooking show and if you have to
list more than one you can cuz there's a
lot of good ones out there so apparently
during the church well you can tell us
oh during church I was talking to Caleb
we're looking at a picture of Jesus and
I saying that Jesus is really real and
that he really lived in Jerusalem when I
was in college I went to Jerusalem on a
study abroad and Caleb asked if he could
come with me so he said we could go on a
date so Caleb and I are going on a date
to Jerusalem what about me I'm in Oh
awesome we're all going to Jerusalem and
double D you're nothing but Jimmy
only Isaac came everybody's invited
so it's more a family evening so like
our both our family so it's like a
family trip to your club so how far
away's Jerusalem along man yeah when
should we go um tomorrow so little Laura
didn't take a nap yesterday at Worlds of
Fun and she woke up super early this
morning we got to hang now but I got to
wake her up from her nap so that she'll
go to sleep tonight big girl my sister
and I are going on a walk and I'm really
excited about it and Jeremy is putting
together dinner
Kayla and Laura are helping get the
bread ready either for Lori she can eat
Easton right now that's so nice of you
or are you cutting up some bread too so
you can a bagger it so we're just taking
some bread and butter again putting some
Parmesan cheese on it and it will royal
it to go with the big CD so we were able
to talk the rest of our family to come
in and bring some food we're eating with
Tiffany and Jimmy here it's going to be
a party job Caleb
she's going in there plus
so Brett and Michelle and their family
just went to Florida they did Disney
World Universal Studios are telling us
all about Harry Potter world what do
they call that Harry Potter planning and
it sounds really fun
except I'm completely out of the loop
because I didn't read the books and so
I'm like what are they talking about
it's a totally different world all right
so how big of a Harry Potter fan are you
we'd love to hear we're gonna have a
pull up here
have you read the books have you seen
the movies have you done both or have
you never heard of Harry Potter what are
you guys doing making lasagna Oh on well
I'm not yeah Jonah come eat some baked
ziti cuz dinner is ready
not yet okay you might want to wash your
hands before you eat maybe I want to
like put my thumb in get everywhere so
for dinner we're doing big seedy bread
and salad and I'm making tapes of the
kids you can say yeah
what are you being
you're saying rawr to Michelle but what
were you doing are you being a hello
we're doing a little scientific
experiment if I got you good vlog this
case this is what he does okay we're
trying to figure out which will cause
more bubbles putting in the soda first
we're doing sherbet spray flip floats
he's not gonna go do we jump you do it
at the same time you know who's first
gonna follow there are more suds
on this side I'll sue them and yeah this
is more we've now done an official
science of any other event okay if the
ice cream is already in the cup and then
you pour in the soda that will cause
more foams than if you have soda in a
cup and then add ice cream that's the
better way to do it how is it how'd you
like the donuts good I had three Donuts
just your normal everyday princess
parade
all right can you say J house
