I just accidentally stuck the scissors
in the toaster well apparently Caleb
decided that his haircut was not over
all right little man what are we doing
this morning we're getting our hair I
think this might be the longest you have
ever had your hair on YouTube Caleb it's
pretty long
inch let's just leave it like that with
the mullet and there you go how could
they not let them or what it's where you
leave like your tail on the back oh yes
okay so for the poll question for today
do you prefer when boys have long hair
or short hair could leave like that the
Justin Bieber look five years ago a lot
of players are best their bald yeah
Isaac's wanting to go with the vault
look yeah are you sure yeah you might
change your mind a lot of years ago
everybody I guess I should add ball to
the pole so long hair short hair or bald
you look so hand
what do you guys think of the haircuts
so we're meeting up Kendra at the
library and there's a couple different
ways I could have gone but it looks like
I picked the way where there is an
accident at this intersection
they figure nasty big girl
that's heavy
she's just adding all of these so I was
pushing the button unlocking the ban and
I was trained to open it up and then I
realized that this isn't our van
so we'll now go to our van alright so we
made the kids some tostadas for lunch
and I'm actually really proud of us a
few months ago we learned quite a rut
where the kids like only ate peanut
butter and honey and macaroni and cheese
at lunchtime and I feel like we've
really branched out like we're doing a
lot of tostadas and we did salads the
other day we did turkey sandwiches for
them this week we did you know ham and
some vegetables another day so it's kind
of fun to just be switching it up what
Caleb what book are you reading a roller
coaster book how am I not even going
falling out there buckled in make sure
that I go in the float with Daddy
because there's a little hold on the spa
so the front of the roller coaster has a
spot to hold on yes that's it
alright so tomorrow our family is going
to Worlds of Fun which is a local
amusement park and these kids are going
to get to ride roller coasters and ride
rides that they've never done before so
Caleb was really smart and at the
library picked up this book about the
roller coaster and they're all taking
turns looking at it and just asking such
good questions it zoom mm it zooms zoom
so Caleb do you think you're gonna like
roller coasters yeah so poor Jeremy is
so bummed right now he missed a meeting
because they said that the meeting went
from a certain time to another time and
he calendared it as starting when it was
actually ending and so he missed it and
you know those are just those moments
where you're like you feel stick to your
stomach like you're just like ah anyway
he's trying to call and reschedule but
it's just a bummer but it's important to
remember in those moments like we're all
human we all make mistakes
happens well apparently Caleb decided
that his haircut was not over Hey look
here everybody what happened in here
I put in my hair where did you cut your
hair and here no but like which part of
your hair did you cut - eh hell I did it
why did you want to cut it the head when
I hit you look amazing
kids are not supposed to cut their hair
why because oh did you cut over here -
yeah hairdressers or maybe mommies and
daddies are supposed to there's where
you could it are supposed to cut in a
hair okay then we just went and paid
money to get your hair cut we want it to
look nice by because we you're so
handsome we want your haircut to look
nice robot for just life in general so
can you please not cut your hair anymore
I like doing it all right Kayla but
you're gonna have to have a consequence
for cutting your hair
so caleb has consequences for cutting
his hair and at least was so cute she
said that she wanted to help him get it
done because she loves him and I just
thought that was really sweet
oh all right for school today
Elise is learning the story of the very
hungry alligator mm-hmm - remember when
Isaac lameness yeah and now it's your
turn because I'm in first grade um
almost Oh Isaac learned this when he was
in first grade all right so here it
comes ready so here is the very hungry
out here and he likes to compare numbers
so you put some on one side and some on
the other side and which piles of y'all
you don't want to eat why because it has
the most yes so his big hungry mouth
always wants to eat the bigger tile
whenever you're doing school with food
all sorts of helpers arrive out a little
bit work oh you just want to watch no
interest in the marshmallows the
marshmallow is 50% I want you two in
here no shame she just goes straight to
the marshmallows put the hungry
alligator so that you're getting a
greater than number work I just
accidentally stuck the scissors in the
toaster I think I'm going crazy
thank goodness it's Friday apparently I
really need a weekend I didn't like push
it down like I caught myself before that
I was like what am i doing crazy all
right guys we're gonna watch a movie
tonight
here's your choices since this on the
Frog Peter Pan or Aladdin and I just
each to tell me your top favorite too
and then we'll decide that oh hi sugar
frog and Peter King would like actually
this one percent this one so consider a
frog and Peter Pan and you sentences in
the frogs you can Laura which one do you
want to watch do you want Cinderella
Cinderella not one of the choices you
want princess in the frog or Peter Pan
or 11 okay you want Peter Pan you want
Princess and the Frog
alright is it for 21 so Jeremy and I
have a bunch of family coming in town
over the next week and we're really
excited and I wanted to have a treat on
hand for everybody and since we're busy
tomorrow during the day at Worlds of Fun
I thought I'd make it now I love I love
rookies tamo brookey's are there that
you have a lucky mix and the brown and
then you reduce them together and then
you put it in a pan and cook it and then
you'll eat it with ice cream that's the
most important part not always an ice
cream it's just and I knew bread let's
eat it with
so Candida are going to be eating dinner
a little bit later and we had to like
grab a salad because we knew we would
eat 15 rookies if we didn't need
something like a family so the kids are
finishing up the princess and the frog
we have a huge day tomorrow with the
amusement park so you don't want to miss
out we'll see you then
J house out Jeremy has pretty
unconventional ways of dealing with some
things and it usually works out in the
long run so I learned to just enjoy the
ride you know bring a window maybe
