jeremy is pretty unconventional ways of
dealing with some things and it usually
works out in the long run so I learned
to just enjoy the ride the window maybe
where are you going
we're going to messes but where's your
swimsuit
who is it hiding what are you doing all
right let's go we made it to swim
lessons on time and the kids just love
it
I'm so excited this one with them every
time it's a great experience baby get in
the water
I'm is me heart I'm right oh she wants
all right a them
let's see it
Oh
mr. Kalin how does it feel to be
swimming school is it hard I'll just
show them you want to show them that
okay ready
but Chicago
it's women good swimming 100 good job
you do it so today he decided he was
ready to let go of the noodle and swim
and swim and he has been swimming
constantly since like he's the kind of
personality that once he tries it he's
like I'm doing it again and again and
again he wants to master it so I think
you're pretty much a pro now aren't you
how far do you do some today meters 400
I think well at the very end of swim
lessons today i got to race isaac so i
had to do two laps of the pool before he
could do one and i would barely beat him
and it's just so fun to see the kids
progressing and we're just having a lot
of fun swimming together so good job i
think all the kids made a lot of
progress today
so i've had a hectic afternoon you know
doing home school with the kids and
feeding them lunch and jeremy was home
for lunch and anyway I've been just busy
running around and I came inside to make
dinner real quick and I came to the sink
and look what I discovered it's empty
and I didn't do the dishes that means
that Jeremy when he was home noticed
that the lunch and breakfast dishes had
not been done yet he did the dishes and
that sauce little things that just I'm
just so grateful so thank you Jeremy and
how is just awesome so he has very clean
teeth he'd just been to the dentist I
love the dentist and I love the polls
that we do we asked you guys if you
loved dentists or like dentist results I
think it was a little bit more didn't
like but it was really close I liked the
dentist so I it's really the only person
with a dirty mouth and our family I've
not been to the dentist all the kids
went no he went so it's that time of
year again the bugs are out and
particularly we're having some wasps
that are bothering the kids so Jeremy's
out here working the water what's up and
he's also got some like wasp Rachel a
wasp raised like a nest up here I keep
seeing I'm going up there so I'm gonna
fumigate the nest just the spray which I
got this stuff walking shoe from like 10
feet away nice keep the kids away from
it yeah so there's also some up in the
Jamie the shade thing over there there's
some up in there
are they yeah so about this time of year
just when it's like gorgeous out is when
we start seeing all the ants and all the
bugs we have to start running about
ticks so it's like a bitter sweetness
but they're just call it's like on top
of your head they're just like calling
out stuff to confuse you okay it's
getting the spray did it jump up and
keep going what just rinsing the air
dancing you look really cute out here
with all your doing
gotta keep the house safe protecting
your territory this reminds me of one of
my favorite or vlogs yes it does like
lost the battle a big one we found the
mother lode right at the very tip itty
top is the wasp nest all right
this spray says it goes 27 feet but it's
almost gone so I don't know if it's
gonna make it but there's wasps
everywhere out here you guys just
sitting and watching okay if I say run
run okay oh it's not enough we're gonna
have to resort to throwing balls the
children have gone further away for
safety I'm now going to throw balls
until I hit it so Kendra comes out
completely confused like I send you out
there to play nothing what is this guy
doing look see the big wow yeah watch
out
all right so Jeremy's trying to get that
oh that was close Jeremy has pretty
unconventional ways of dealing with some
things
and it usually works out in the long run
so I've learned to just enjoy the ride
it's my turn enough of this screwing
around let's get her done yeah I'm gonna
bring a window maybe
oh you've almost made it past the
halfway point of the house so I think I
just had a direct hit on it but it's up
in the corner so the ball couldn't
penetrate so try the thumb killed it
with my water you know or just
intimidated it like what else is this
crazy maniac gonna come out because the
next yeah I'm off way I was completely
sick oh the man is nothing if not
persistent we need to go buy more of
that Hornet oh really oh really that's
what the wife said like an hour ago
let's go buy some more that spray Jeremy
yeah you're gonna need out now here's
how the beef and veggie casserole turned
out are you liking it thumbs up from
Laura oh that's kind of a thumbs
sideways I'm bringing Isaac and Elise to
a symphony tonight and you guys are
playing the craziest game on the way
funny scheme ever I know I know I do
then really silly mood so how do you
play the game I start time and I say I
want take the other person co-op and we
both take turns and
oh we've had to record three seconds my
record second okay let's go to the
symphony
you guys can't act like that at the
symphony right you understand that
these kids keep moving around they're
trying to find the perfect spot is this
a good spot
to the moon
well the kids did great at the symphony
about the funnest part was just singing
isaac Malee's interact together they
really are the best of friends they have
a lot of my favorite one lies here
Cassidy's good night dear cell one two
ready go
you
