all right everybody come say goodbye to
dad why I love you dad you guys have fun
no you're gonna have fun with that one
okay
oh yes any pictures okay I gotta go away
I'll be back um Sunday night at midnight
yeah I know come here Laura he'll be
back in just a couple days okay see bye
daddy
hey boy all right man you get pushing
and the word the point of the departure
we need all and contra vices heard off
this time
we'll be lighting in Phoenix shortly
good morning guys
I am here at Kendra's dad's cabin every
year he does a retreat for the dads in
the family and I look forward to it so
much and it's just beautiful out here
when we drove up last night the smell of
the pine trees is so different than just
normal everyday life it's amazing and I
almost slept eight hours last night
which normally never happens I think I
normally get five or less hours of sleep
so I want to do a poll how many hours do
you normally sleep a night let me know
up on the iCard anyway so we're going to
be doing just tons of fun stuff we're
going to be working hard and getting
some stuff done and getting things ready
for the family reunion we're having here
at the cabin coming up later this summer
the truth is that I love being out
working with my hands and seeing the
progress that we make it's a lot more
fulfilling than sitting at a desk all
day so during the winter there were
several trees that fell into the road
and we're just cleaning everything up
we actually have shirts this year which
is awesome Sam made these bro venture
shirts for our little get-together both
Sam and Mike are computer guys Sam is a
programmer Mike works at Microsoft and
is a genius and then over here Jimmy is
an entrepreneur business guy Jeff is
like a business consultant and we could
talk for hours like there's so much
advice we can get from each other it's
amazing the discussions so we spent a
lot of time sitting here in the living
room just learning from each other
Michael brought his tomahawk out and
we're we're throwing sharp things fun
let's see it might give us a
demonstration assuming of course that I
that you can get it yeah that's that's
six for six
definitely the higher you hold it the
more more quickly it'll spin oh it took
me seven or eight tries before I made it
the first time it was a little
embarrassed out made out of styrofoam
what in the world did you do in the
Artic tomahawk I'm a tomahawk warrior
don't usually do all right that was a
little too close for comfort
the sound of the rain out here is so
soothing
so Kendra's brother Mike has recently
got into a hobby of sewing he's making
all kinds of manly camping gear yeah I
made the tarp and I made the hammock and
I've got another one inside with the bug
net that I'll be using for a campout I
was making fun of him because he goes to
jo-ann's fabric to pick up all of this
stuff but then he makes these like super
manly things with his sewing machine
just because it's a fabric store doesn't
mean it can't be masculine there we go
you
I love it when we come to the cabin we
do work projects it's a fun bonding
experience between the guys and it helps
you feel like more of a piece of
ownership like this is our family's
cabin and you know that fence was
something we helped put in the post for
it last time and now with some of these
walkways you know we'll feel that
ownership of putting in the rock oh
great i scalded
hello how are you
I miss you too buddy I love you is this
my little Laura buck I'm kissing you oh
she gave me kisses back I love you Laura
so it's a tradition for us to have
tri-tip it is it's a very good tradition
to have and this actually began with
your parents right you would have
tri-tip when I would go to visit the
local favorite
huge local flavor Jeff is from San Luis
Obispo and so when he would go visit
them with their kids they would always
have tri-tip
every time we went to grandpa's house is
it trying to find the girl I'm relaxing
in Mike's bug netted tarp as I am a
hammock bug knitted hammock but the
funny thing is that there are bugs
inside the bug netting and last night
you were sleeping here there was like a
huge spider yeah I was hanging too close
to the ground and the bug net was
touching on the bottom and it crawled up
it was a it was a cruel a size of your
thumb right like a huge oh is it least
the size of a quarter it was not the
greatest thing to wake up to so I'm
gonna get this yeah that was yeah I just
threw it towards my leg so it can claim
in my pants awesome
well enjoy yourself take a good nap I
will good night
getting the camera hooked up
well that was more fun than just going
over down the tree
all right back to the writing
well the view is pretty amazing up here
there we go I need extra weight oh yeah
whoa this is uncomfortable
so it's been so nice to have time to
just sit and think and think about a lot
of the things that in the busyness of
life I don't normally take time to
ponder like what is the plan for my life
what are the things I most want and what
am i doing to try to get that and as
I've pondered about that I mean what I
most want is to have as much time as I
can with my kids before they're grown up
and gone and I want to give them all the
learning opportunities that I can in the
world and trying to figure out how to
make that happen that's a whole other
step but I think the first step is
knowing what you want this way and grab
that loop and pull it through
won't this dude so Mike is teaching us
about different Maps it's really simple
not it's called the event hitch you take
your hand like this posture up over
levander as mental this lip do so then
it makes a little bit like a figure
eight no crack you lost but then when
you want to undo it you just do that and
then it's wow that is so it's really
fast once you understand what's going on
okay after this I'm going to be teaching
them about writing angry letters to
people demand another name for it's
called the Siberian hitch because it was
developed we all had our differences I
always use alright we're getting ready
to head into church and one of the
things I've loved about our get-together
is we've had a lot of time where we've
worked together we played together but
there's also been a spiritual element
scriptures every day praying and talking
about like our roles as fathers and
husbands and I think that's been a real
good rejuvenating part of getting
together
well I just did my final walkthrough to
make sure I'm not leaving anything I
have to go catch my plane home you guys
want to try it it's pretty fun
