would you rather live in a beautiful old
home or a beautiful new home
good morning we are starting off the
morning by reading a few more chapters
from the line which in the wardrobe and
the kids I got out some little toys for
him to be playing with while they listen
and 110 Nathan which oh the witch's
house that's a good idea make Little
Miss Laura is um being a bit disruptive
so I decided she needed her own toy your
own toes or your own toy okay so
hopefully this will entertain her for a
minute
all right lunch today is popcorn ham
cheese broccoli carrots grapes and a big
glass of water is you have broccoli -
where's your broccoli why thank you that
I am no ham this is broccoli which one's
broccoli
this one's broccoli yes for then - ten
ones marshmallows
this is carrots yes and Laura have been
pretending to be a dog and a mother is
that what you guys are playing big baby
and dumb mom so lovely and royal don't
forget to call us Matt is mean and she's
Oh imagine me nor sit you'll face your
lash oh that's a little curtsy okay sit
down little princess you are sure mix
because you made our food oh and so I'm
a servant I'm the servant much so the
boys have been building like toy guns
out of different toys and they're going
together against
generic countries and defeating them and
so yeah there's been lots of play going
on yeah we beat having candid children a
My Kingdom
Oh give us those two places currently
we're not gonna hurt you guys just we're
like doing it downstairs market here's
the mother book do you love the mother
book mr. book have a mother in it we're
good we're my my fear that's a mommy huh
no it's a magic it's a mother yeah and a
doctor and a daughter and is it a baby
you love to read good night Laura
so we've mentioned you guys before that
we have family rules and we have a
consequence jar and so when the kids
break a rule they get a consequence from
the consequence star but we also have a
reward jar and I don't use it very often
like it's not like every single time
they obey or they cooperate they get a
reward but sometimes when everybody's
being particularly pleasant and just
cooperating and doing what they're
supposed to be doing I get it out as
just a little treat so today yeah the
kids are getting a reward yeah what does
it say bonus cheat did you get a reward
I got bonus treat - and why'd you choose
dumb nice where is it oh we gotta just
pick you don't know what you're gonna
get
all right so Caleb got 15 minutes of
tablet time and long yeah I have done
just like the other kids
know you can choose if you'd rather have
gum than your tablet time or you can
have the tablet time I know it's a hard
choice buddy but you can't have both gum
or tablet time what do you choose buddy
you're not choosing yeah okay it's a
tough decision huh buddy so if I don't
get ready in the morning before Jeremy
leaves for work then I usually have to
wait until this like quiet time part of
the day so Laura's down for a nap I've
got all the kids settled
like reading activities so I've got
myself just few minutes where I can make
myself look presentable and sometimes it
doesn't work to leave the kids out there
and so I bring one of them in here and
do school with them while I'm getting
ready
well I feel like a massive hypocrite I
just got really frustrated with one of
my kids for yelling at one of my other
kids and the whole time I'm like we
don't yell at people in our family I'm
like totally like the irony of it all is
sinking in like I shouldn't be yelling
at my child to tell that child not to
yell at my other child anyway parenting
is just really hard it's hard because in
your brain you understand what you're
trying to teach your child and yet in
actual reality of like living daily life
like you get frustrated and you're
completely imperfect and you're it's
just it's like you're trying to teach
stuff that you're still trying to learn
yourself and it's just hard and I hope
my kids can forgive me for being a
complete hypocrite sometimes I'm trying
very nice it does look a little bit like
a bead you wanna try again and see if
it'll look more like a six you kind of
curved it out a little bit more like a
letter C a little bit nice work
and Lisi is learning about the
communitive property of addition which
means that like two plus three is the
same answer as three plus two so we did
a workbook page about it then we decided
that we needed some hand on application
and so we got out some cereal and we've
been doing this together so Jeremy and I
are out on a walk tonight enjoying like
looking at all these old homes
I love these streets but he brought in
his pockets some candy from work so they
have like a drawer where everyone brings
their old Easter candy they don't want
we don't know what it is I think it's
jelly beans inside an egg well what
would you put inside of I'm so confused
I'm just excited
it shakes which is just cool what it's a
chocolate egg I don't know what those
are
it makes me think of all those foreign
eggs that have stuff inside that are
like illegal in the United States for
some reason why can't we eat those here
I don't know FDA I was just making out
like the government doesn't want us to
get sick oh he didn't see the dog in the
corner there guys I've said it before
I'm gonna say it a million times more I
love old homes someday I want to live in
an old old home and it's gonna be
glorious and I'm always like why do we
want to have all the headaches of an old
home like there's stuff wrong with them
all
because there's history like how many
families have had Christmas there how
many moments and bonding like there's
like there's significance behind that I
don't want other people's creepy
significance in my house I like having
our own house so we live in a new house
Jeremy I have different opinions on this
yeah so someday we're gonna live in an
old
all right so our poll question for today
is which one would you rather live in
would you rather live in a beautiful
home or a beautiful new home let us know
up here in the poll
remember the maintenance comes along
with the old gentleman you could get the
older but sometimes like the landscape
and the charm and okay we're done we're
done J house she's all twisted
hahaha
