previously on J house vlogs Oh chefs
what do you mean you were shy of soccer
um they're trying to French I cannot now
so did you play soccer or did you just
sit and watch just how'd you feel
about that cutting mat oh my gosh do you
want to play soccer next week yeah I am
gonna do it next week for angle Oh next
week when you're older that's a good
plan you think when you dig deep and try
and make some new friends I think you're
going to really enjoy it you're brave
shall we begin so I'm excited we just
got a new thermostat that you can
control from your smartphone and I
thought it'd be fun to have Caleb help
me install it do you want to help me
we're ready to open it up we need a
puzzle PC and a wrench and day and
hearing yeah wish I had a piggy bank - a
piggy bank and seven working with Caleb
on the installation is way more fun than
doing it
Oh what are you doing you popping them
okay well first we got to download the
app okay you got it
yeah which button to push the app says
step one turn off the power can you turn
that little switch right there yeah now
remember don't ever do that unless we're
working on it okay someone switch that
off before and our house was very cold
okay cub looks like the next step is
going to need some tools okay let's do
this get a screwdriver we got to take
this part off mm-hmm
it's me that this thermostat is said to
be compatible with so many different
systems as you know we often go on
longer trips and when we do we change
the thermostat while we're gone so we
don't have to pay like really high
utility bills and then the problem is
you come home to like this freezing cold
house and it's usually we're getting
home in like the middle of the night and
the kids are cold so last time we asked
our neighbors to come over and come into
our house and turn it on our old
thermostat was kind of a confusing
thermostat and so they had a hard time
figuring it out and we felt that
inconveniencing our neighbours so now we
can just be driving home or on the
airplane and just say hey you know turn
on the AC turn on the heat and that's
what I'm most excited for about it okay
bud so you can control our thermostat
with that button oh it's going to be
really cold in here with okay good good
it's gonna be freezing in here you had
it down to 50 degrees we cannot let him
play with this up we're really grateful
to be partnering with Scentsy thermostat
and I'm really proud of you Jeremy you
set it up Caleb did it I didn't think a
light white ran through the whole thing
so it's not gonna be long before Caleb
just does all that stuff at our house so
if you feel like this is something that
would be helpful in your home click on
the link below they actually have a
discount for people clicking on our link
and good job
hey so show us a jumpin Jack kilos one
oh he's getting excited so we're gearing
up for soccer practice again tonight and
caleb is excited B's a little bit
nervous and he mentioned that the kids
did jumping jacks part of the warm-up
last week but he didn't know how to do
that so we decided we'd teach him
jumping jacks 1 2 3 so keV how you
feeling about soccer practice today you
gonna go out by myself
Oh we'll find your socks yeah
yeah really yeah
look there's like all kinds along here
over there you see it it's got to be
over there somewhere
look moms are so amazing they can just
look from across the kitchen and see it
okay we got your soccer socks I want to
eat this n7 so good okay oh yeah oh you
got your sandwich first you know I do
see myself and and then this yeah it
looks like there's some carrots and some
grapes and chips yeah you know how it
works yeah I was just thinking about the
choices that we make every day and we
make so many different choices big and
small but when you add them all up
together it equals our life hmm
say hi so this little guy and I are
snuggling on the couch and we are going
to read some library books and I am
ignoring the pile of laundry that is
staring at me from over there
that is three loads of laundry that
needs to be folded but it's just kind of
specialty this one-on-one time with
Kayla but Laura is down napping and the
big kids are at school and so I just
want to make the most of this moment mmm
he's so lovable move your hand in a
zigzag while you turn the page it will
confuse them okay put your arms above
your head and make a loud roar roar bang
together some pots and pans or clap your
hands
I'm a happy tune and smile while you
turn the page
say thank you six times very politely
now finally in monkeys can come back
turn the page and let's count the
monkeys this is very important don't
look these wolves in the eyes in fact
cover your eyes while you turn the page
hmm
this afternoon is going to be pretty
crazy with getting the kids home from
school and getting ready for soccer
practice and so I decided to make a
freezer meal for dinner I just put it in
the crock pot so it'll be ready to go
when we get home from soccer this is a
chicken chili it's a chicken chili and
then I've got my rice cooker program so
it'll be done in four hours which is
conveniently right when we're getting
home from soccer so in my brain it's
going to go so smoothly but I'm sure in
real life it'd also be chaotic but at
least you've got food that helps
somebody just woke up who is it who just
woke up nine that Laura did look at that
face there it is
there's her face hmm Caleb came up and
asked for a back massage you ready yeah
rubbing that back gotta get those knots
out okay oh how do you feel yeah
tickling it literally just like
massaging okay I'm just going like this
like lunch time with Caleb is Alana and
walnuts those are almonds he's referring
to dark chocolate covered almonds
walnuts okay he loves giving me a back
massage ooh yeah that's a nice back
scratch
Jemmy we need to train all of our kids
to do this gorgeous
okay all right Caleb you ready for
soccer today I sure can't
everybody's out warming up before soccer
practice kick it to me pass it on over
ooh
nailed it good stop Betty I'm so proud
of balaam he's doing it I got all week
and he was ready today
guess what I just got our score good job
buddy
good job Caleb watch out I don't have to
fall on you
akela did you go out and play today
was it hard were you feeling shy at
first all right but you just went out
and we're brave I'm really proud of you
sir house has been pretty much chaos
so I had a tender moment tonight with
Isaac he was sad and he said that he
didn't like some things about himself
and Kendra held him and listened and
said all the right things to comfort him
and take it one perspective and later
tonight I went in to his bed when he was
getting ready to fall asleep and he said
with a big smile and I said he prayed to
God about what it was he was going to be
doing in his life and he said he felt
like he was going to be serving others I
was really happy about that and just
thinking of what he said like I'm so
excited to see what my kids are gonna go
on and do in life and what an adventure
that is in life to get to experience
that as a parent and I was looking at
pictures today at my grandmother the one
who was recently told that she only has
a couple months to live
and this weekend she was able to spend
time with all of her children and it's
been a long time since I've all gotten
together and I'm just grateful and
excited to be with these little ones and
to see if they're going to get a house
all right so we're headed to the women
shelter to serve tonight
