morning friends I am snuggling these
kiddos this morning and I just last
night I was thinking about how quickly
this time is going and how before I know
what these kids are going to be grown up
and they're gonna leave my house and go
up to live their own productive lives
and it makes me really sad and so I
decided that I'm gonna try really hard
today like I just need this reminder on
occasion to not be too busy like so
often we spend time together but then in
the little moments when the kids want to
tell me something or they want me to
play an extra game with them I'm like oh
I'm I'm busy I'm working on this and I
don't want to be busy I've decided
will you just live with me forever
mm-hmm could new by you guys
once I okay I don't know rebrova
remove that blue house that people moved
yeah oh I'll go with living Oh you'll
buy our neighbor's house yeah that's a
great idea
oh if I have a ton of money I leave why
do you need a ton of money because yeah
they're really
are they free no houses are not free
nope the one the ones that get me know
when you move the house is still not
free why because people are trying to
make back the money that they use buying
their house so yeah not free I won't go
so I got something for you Oh piano
books yeah you're gonna be starting
piano lessons today not today next week
next week wave got your books your ready
to go all right so to me I keep trying
to tell you guys about it and Laura he's
making these awesome sounds anyway
tonight no I do got me all flustered
all right so tonight our family is
serving dinner at a Women's and
Children's Shelter in the area and we're
actually making the dinner that we're
going to be serving so I decided to make
a white chicken lasagna it's one of our
favorite meals it's like a chicken
alfredo lasagna and then we're going to
be doing garlic bread with it our
neighbors are coming with us
and they're bringing salad and dessert
so we're making dinner for about 50
tonight so I'm hoping that I guess the
right amount that is the part of these
projects that always makes me nervous
oh my god I hope we made enough so the
kids are helping me put together the
lasagnas this morning and yeah I'm
looking forward to going this afternoon
it's a like I said it's a women's and
children's shelter the children that are
there are waiting to be entering the
foster care system and so it's a time of
crisis for these young children and my
heart just really goes out to them and
then the women that are there are coming
from it's a domestic abuse shelter I'm
so just thinking about the hard things
that these women and children have gone
through just really touches my heart
like I just feel for people that don't
have a safe but family like today and
any way we can reach out and help I just
want to give love and food what because
by the way this is Laura's third dress
she's head on this morning she's in a
dress mood and she's gonna change her
clothes mood to accompany like that all
right can you guys open these
my mix it up mother
yes really Isaac
thank you
good a big old stirrer don't worry li
washed your hands
Oh
making people dinner we are making
people dinner who don't have a home
they're living in they don't mind lemme
do mom they don't have any dinner last
night when we were telling the kids
about this opportunity for us today a
lot of them were saying that they felt
shy like they kind of don't know how to
interact with these children and these
moms that we're gonna see at the shelter
and I'm so grateful like the only way
you learn how to interact with people
that are going through hard times is by
going and doing it so happy boys show
love is like talking to them and walking
with them and playing right yeah that's
what we talked about last night
yeah so I just ran to the store and this
was on sale for a dollar a whole box of
cereal for a dollar now I know that
there's like no health about you in this
but it's still fun for a treat and a
dollar I couldn't pass it up
hey that dirty I did I got three boxes
it was a dollar what else was I supposed
to do animal they don't so there's an
animal they're not missing animal dog in
the trees
Laura's so cute
calling Jeremy love one minute one
minute
thank you mama play with you what I love
you monkey she's wanting to FaceTime
brownies with peanut butter Oh
what do you got this is frozen so the
big question in all of our hearts are
you stick or is it just your voice I'm
definitely losing my voice I don't feel
that sick but I sound like that so
all right so we're headed to the women's
shelter to serve tonight and I'm just
feeling really grateful for this
opportunity so Kendra was just
explaining that some of the children
here may have just gotten taken from
their homes today and they're going to
be put into foster care in the next
couple days and I just about traumatic
that would be and we're just grateful to
go and meet these people and to be able
to be with them so we're here with our
neighbors this is Lauren and Matt glad
that they came right so our neighbor
made these awesome cinnamon rolls and
lemon poppy seed cake and salad this
looks really good being here has been
really sweet like watching our kids like
we serve the children that are here so
they're like giving them the plates and
it's just really precious so I had a
really cool dish sanitizer it's like a
dishwasher that's like ultrasonic and it
like a minute it's done with your dishes
it's amazing
max loading it up for us there you go
they just pull it down
Wow
so while kendo is in here serving a
second round of people I went out with
all of the kids that were here and just
played outside at the park
I peeked out the window to see them and
Jeremy was like running around playing
tag like the kids all gave him a hug
when they left and he hated to find
friends
how long hello
all right we're getting ready for bed oh
oh so I wanted to share an experience
from the shelter tonight the first
person that I saw was this little two
year old boy who came running up with a
huge smile and his arms wide open and I
knelt down and just gave him a big bear
hug and he just held me there for about
30 seconds after that I was holding him
and feeding in and playing with him he
just wanted hugs the whole evening we
were there and it was so sad to hear
about his story about all the foster
care homes he's been in over the last
little bit and how difficult things have
been and just knowing that you know I
get to be that father like figure for an
evening but that I was just going to
leave again and that he would be alone
and was just such a beautiful little
child it's such a blessing to have
opportunities to to reach out and to
feel and share love with others and I
hope that my kids are feeling those
things and having those experiences and
so thank you so much for watching and
for inspiring us Jay house out
you drop it
let's see how
