that is the happiest little girl that
just woke up
you Jin we change it okay let's do so at
least where you going this morning I
danced with mom or doing it for actor
four minutes ooh looking good so they
have the option with you Lisa's ballet
studio to do a mommy-daughter dance at
the recital so we're gonna be performing
and okay you guys better go you're gonna
be late no no sometimes we overreacted a
little bit when they're about to break
the glasses Caleb and Laura have been a
little too quiet this morning let's see
what they're up to
where are you okay hey did you guys
switch clothes whose idea was this you
want to climb up there that she's Saget
sorry your pants are coming down those
are too big for you okay let's take them
off you're gonna mess up her clothes are
gonna stretch them out okay
when you put on closer too tight it
stretches them but Laura those are a
little too big so probably only about
once or twice a month or our kids watch
the vlogs but they wanted to see the
April Fool's Day prank in the swimming
one
Thank You jacket so the kids are down
here practicing their head stands
because we are going to be filming a
headstand challenge that'll video will
be up sometime this next week I think
it's gonna be pretty fun
Lucy let's see yours clear the floor
good work Lacey so our whole family is
going to participate in the headstand
challenge I'm all about nervous
all right dinner tonight is simple it's
a freezer meal it is spinach and cheese
manicotti so here's the part that's
gonna go inside of it and then here's
the cheese and the sauce to go on top of
it I'm gonna start putting that together
sounds good
our neighbors have a lemonade stand
all right well he needed a couple things
from the store so I decided to bring he
love with me so we could run and have
some fun time together okay and anyway
we came into the store and I noticed
this new bin set up and it says parents
kids may enjoy a fresh piece of fruit
for their shopping trip so you can pick
a banana and apple or more apples what
do you want to have while we are
shopping Penang banana awesome so not
good
I've seen lots of grocery stores they
give away cookies but I'd much rather
have he loved eating a banana while we
shop all right we're just about done
shopping
you're right I came in for like three
things and I have a bunch of stuff these
things are hard to steer with one hand
and Caleb needs to go to the bathroom so
this coming week I am planning on potty
training Laura and I like to have some
pull-ups on hand when I start the potty
training process I don't use them a lot
but it's nice to have them Caleb you're
gonna help me pick out some pull-ups for
Laura which ones do you think she would
like let's go find them Laura does like
Cinderella doesn't she
Caleb wait I think these ones are
cheaper but these ones are cheaper doing
show like those ones - hmm let's get the
cheaper ones
then we'll have then we'll have more
money for other things d then the older
students front credits okay look if I
use my credit card it's still we have to
pay money for it
we just Caleb we just get the credit
card bill and then we pay money for it
okay so which one do you think we should
do good job you want to put in the cart
for
all right time to head home and eat
dinner did you find something she rests
her head on it what is it is it for you
how can you tell it's yours okay find me
you want me to open it for you do you
know what these are these are called
training pants yeah we're gonna help you
with getting potty trained
let's open some we need scissors okay go
get some scissors I'll hold this you go
get the scissors scissors okay to potty
train you want to try it so I opened up
the garlic bread and there's this big
wad of garlic butter on the inside look
at that that is a lot of butter it's
kind of disgusting
all right well our make an egg
experiment finish that so we wanted to
investigate it because we took the shape
it's like taking the eggs close off
we took the showi okay so this is a
hard-boiled egg okay I'm still in April
Fool's Day mode I wanted to trick you
and give you a raw egg with a
hard-boiled egg we can see the membrane
okay so the outside Kayla what's this
part called a sham the shell and then
what's this inside Furcal in brain
remember the main menu ain't with it is
the membrane stronger or the shell
stronger and desert and you want to do
so yucky he's so what happened to our
eggs that we put in there are these
hard-boiled eggs no do they have their
shell on it
no they're right then how can i fold it
if it doesn't have it show on because is
a member bray the membrane the membrane
is holding it feels like wow it's like a
little
not so fast cuz nice like there you can
bounce these look so here's the membrane
that we just talked about okay now hand
it off to Isaac but I think about when a
baby is inside a mommy's tummy it's a
lot like this fluid around the baby's
called the amniotic fluid and then
there's an amniotic sac around it and
when mommy had baby Laura my water broke
and what happened was my amniotic sac
broke and all the water came out to a.m.
and mom rolls of her as she says Jerry
I either wet the bed or my water break
and her water head broke and we were
ready to go and have the baby because
and that was baby Laura
let's take a roll and bounce you guys
ready my shoes are down here so as soon
as we finish the a activity we're having
everybody wash their hands take a shower
and we're mopping and racing down the
table and I want in a raw egg residue
anywhere so just want to reassure you
that we are being safe with rice
just finished a chapter and they're
begging for another one chapter three
Edmond and the Wardrobe Lucy ran out of
the empty room in tonight's dance now
what is April Fool's Day
