morning friends we have some good news
Jeremy found his phone yeah I had put it
outside to do a time-lapse of the sunset
I'll show you a click
so he left his phone outside all night
long I'm so grateful that we didn't get
any rain and now it makes sense that
when we were calling it for like an hour
we could hear it because it wasn't
inside I looked for over an hour this
morning I went through I actually
cleaned my entire closet I was like
maybe it's in between some clothes
because we were doing laundry anyway we
are going to make sure that Jeremy holds
on very tightly to everything that
belongs to me today
you decided I'm not allowed to watch the
kids anymore
good try you're not getting out of that
one
all right so we're out of the kids first
lessons this morning this is going to be
fun new job buddy
we did it
Neil over to
swimmer is swimming and drinking water
you
all right so after swim lessons we
decided that we would come to clovers
for lunch we love this place
you guys ready cheeseburger okay I get
the culverts bacon deluxe with
everything on it I always get the same
thing every time I come here I get the
double mushroom and swiss burger it's so
good the people here know it's her like
she'll be ordering and they're like oh
we're in the drive-through they're like
Kendra about you but today I'm feeling a
salad and they're featuring this new one
look this looks amazing right so that's
what I'm gonna get perfect thank you
enjoy
we will alright let's see whose is whose
right
whoa that's a kids order that's you
all right so one of the things I love
about their butter burgers the meat is
never frozen and it's like local like
Midwest meat and it's so good
not a good bite I'm sorry for making you
guys hungry
we're so excited because Culver's is
sponsoring this video today and when
they reached out to us I squealed with
joy I was like really
Culver's because I love Culver's we eat
here all the time it's close to us and
it's just the burgers are tender and
delicious and flavorful and the custard
is amazing and so if I sound like this
is a sales pitch it's because I love
this and I would tell any of my friends
like click on the link below in the
description box and go find the
Colbert's those closest to you and just
try it because we love it it's one of
our favorites so when you order your
custard you choose if you want vanilla
chocolate or flavor of the day and then
you also get to add two mixes so it's
there's just like so many good choices
today it was hot fudge and Oreo and I
don't think I can really go wrong with
that
look at Peapod use your cones thank you
so every once in a while in the mail we
get coupons stick overs and Kendra like
stick shows on the side of the fridge
and we save them we use them for date
nights all the time we're really excited
when we find out you can actually get
them online like it through email or
text and we'll put more information
about that in the description it's
working we're all sharing the different
flavors well you have to try them out so
I went with the flavor of the day which
is strawberry bon bon where they took
strawberry custard put chocolate in it
and marshmallow cream so I'm using the
app to show the kids a bunch of the
flavors of the day cherry cheesecake
Andes mints Avalanche banana cream pie
blueberry cheesecake bonfire s'mores so
they have so many fun flavors of the day
you'll have to click on the link below
and tell us which one you think would be
the best Oh yummy
she got it all over her she liked it
thanks for being a gentleman
yeah buddy you gonna just stay here and
open up for other people
oh look someone's coming all right good
job little gentleman
all right so it looks like caleb is
right or take wait what are you doing
taping a pub taping a puzzle together
but then you won't be able to do the
puzzle anymore I know I just want to
take this away nicer you won't even fall
apart that's a good idea
okay when my cousin for we're gonna try
to watch him
that's a problem that okay so you saw a
problem and you found a solution take
good work you want to watch me yeah
oh I hate to break up the fun but it's
time for dinner dude I'm honestly still
a fool for lunch thank you let's go
Laura woke up from her nap and the first
thing she said was some breakfast mom
time for breakfast time for dinner you
good all right we're heading into the
gym
I think it's been two or three weeks
since I've gone that's embarrassing it's
been a while you've been going yeah it's
gonna hurt and it's gonna feel good to
work out well tonight at the gym Caleb
had a hard time going into the childcare
area just I think since our trip when we
were gone he's been just a little bit
more emotional and a little bit more
needing to be near us so I held him for
the battery died anyway I had the idea
to teach him my phone number and so I
taught him my whole phone number it took
just a couple minutes he memorized it
and then I said all right if you need me
just call me and he was like okay
and he walked straight into the
childcare area and he was happy he's
like my mom see you later have a good
workout anyway it was funny when we
picked him up I was telling Jeremy the
story and I was like Jeremy do you even
know my phone number and he didn't I'm
terrible at numbers it's so hard when
you can just click by name yeah so do
you guys even like memorize phone
numbers anymore I remember back in the
day I memorized a bunch of phone numbers
and now I do know Jeremy's and my own
but besides that I don't know many phone
numbers so
where it has a little pet for a vlog for
tomorrow is going to be April Fool's Day
you can see the one we did last year
I'll I card it right here and you don't
want to miss tomorrow Jay house ow
