good morning guys I am trying to find my
wallet I need to head up to work and I
don't know where it is I'm like
retracing my steps so thinking the last
time I made a purchase but I need to
guess at my car anyway that's the worst
I can hate that when you can't find
something that you need before you got
to go and you have to leave right now
it's frustrating well I've been looking
for the wallet for over 30 minutes still
haven't found it so I'm going to start
making calls to places that I've been to
see if I left it somewhere found this
alright so I think we've looked
everywhere can't find it anywhere I'm
going to do a poll what do you think are
we going to find the wallet by the end
of the day yes or no miss Laura what
what are you doing
gig good out you want out it's nap time
no somebody won't nap today I heard her
and so I came in and she stands up and
she goes mom I see well I all died I'm
like you never slept and not here let me
hold you
yeah okay then we're gonna go back to
bed my home you under your soccer team
yeah soccer is pretty fun huh
how can I get mad at that little face
but why want that little face nap are
you you're supposed to nap yeah
push I read Laura some books and then I
later back down in her crib with books
we'll see how it goes what you're
grateful for today Isaac um the earth
water and how warm it's in 70 degrees
it's awesome
Lisi what are you grateful for today
reading read it alright mom and dad
swimming class and candy
when's your swimming class tomorrow the
first day of swimming class are you
excited yeah gonna be good
I'm gonna be able to not remember what I
like swimming diaper I'm not gonna have
any big boy and I want to wear my thing
that has like a flower right here you
want to wear that swimsuit uh-huh and it
split I just wish we had some flip-flops
new when Lacey got flip-flops it's a
little Caleb is this we was saying a
blessing on our lunch and then in the
middle of the blessing he looked up to
me and said dad did you find your wallet
yet and I haven't and so he prayed that
we can have help with me finding the
wallet I've called the airport I've
called the restaurant we were at a
couple days ago I I don't know where my
wallet
nice outside before doing some nature
study this afternoon what I did was I
gave him my phone and asked him each to
take eight pictures of interesting
shapes and beautiful things that they
found in nature and that was just to
like get them out there and get engaged
and then I gave them their nature study
journals and they're supposed to color
and you know draw one of those things
and I'm just trying to get them to
notice different things than they
usually see when they're outside you
know they come outside they play a lot
but how often do they sit and really
notice what's going on around them get
this that's what's interesting is that
Isaac whoa what do you think that is I
don't know maybe hair does the tree grow
hair
Jim go play
did you take a good nap big girl she's
so out of it
so Caleb I see you're eating carrots why
are you eating carrot because I want my
arms to get longer oh you've got it so
why do you want your arms to be longer
then I can climb up the tree you you saw
as you climb up uh-huh that big giant
one that's I need time so how does
carrots help your arms were longer
because they are long a little long so
these get in your arms so they get them
longer oh that's awesome buddy Ted and
Bob me rhyme all the time I am the big
me yes Ronnie
okay let's see they're scared
I found my vine you did yes it was in
the van once I pulled the man out yeah
it was in the side pocket in a blanket
anyway I found it yay we're like
calculating the amount of time loss and
recovering it if we didn't find it it's
like 30 minutes ago that we like Nell to
just the two of us and prayer really
please God please that was my name is
wallet we said yes okay well I'm so
relieved and grateful that Jeremy found
his wallet it was just getting to that
point we're like okay we've looked
everywhere we contacted places like do
we need to cancel the cards it was just
getting stressful no I'm just really
really grateful good job finding it I
had looked in the van three or four
times and
the wallet is black and it was in the
garage and so I think pulling it out and
being outside in the light really did
help but it was in a place that you kind
of needed to be sitting in the driver's
seat to find it and so it was as I was
driving away that I found it so hospice
so once a week Jeremy and I have a
meeting and this week we decided instead
of sitting at Jeremy's desk in his
office we would come and go walking down
like the historic parts of our town and
I love it because there's all these
beautiful historic homes so we're
walking down this alley and we
discovered this awesome
tree fort that I think would work in our
backyard would we could totally build
something like that I'll put that on the
bottom of the never-ending to-do list
well or extend to get ready for bed wash
those hands
good job pressure Thanks I'm so excited
Kendra is reading to the kids The Lion
the Witch and the Wardrobe
sure we're starting a new book together
and it was so fun they just introduced
that there were four kids and the family
two boys and two girls I think they're
really going to like this same a boy and
a girl a boy and a girl yep
I love CS Lewis parks and so I'm excited
for him so you're never gonna believe
what happened I lost my phone we've been
looking for 30 minutes I think I'm
losing my mind
Oh J house out put your toes on the ball
good job
you
