good job Laura good morning so since
Caleb woke up he's had the walkie-talkie
and he's been playing with it I love
with this story that it requires them to
use their imagination to play together
to interact as I say just push that
button
all right well today is a sad day it's
the day that grandma and Papa have to
head back home so we're dropping the
kids off at their co-op and um yeah
we're saying goodbye at least you're so
cute dressed up as green eggs in him so
on the way home I decided to stop at the
Missouri River park and there's just
something about the river I love seeing
the river and the bridge and there's a
playground here so we're just hanging
out for a bit does he do it yeah try to
grab the deck school
all right we came out to one of our
favorite like breakfast lunch spots and
I'm so excited I get the same food every
time I come here it's delicious
so here's Laura's pancake look at the
size of that thing holy for seesaw hmm
Moo berry so he specifically asked for
the blueberry syrup and Papa also got a
big blueberry pancake butt in it away
Jeremy got a scramble and a root cap and
he's sharing with Laura here's mine mine
has goat cheese on it which I actually
really enjoy
you want to fly home with them are you
gonna miss them yeah we'll go see them
soon like maybe in June okay no where
are you gonna sit just get my yeah
cheering the car and then put into play
ah
all right papa sounds like he's coming
with you we might miss your mom that's
gross
goodbye Betty yeah they left time come
time in Jersey Belt we gotta go no I
don't want to go cuz she gone buddy
they're already went in the doors
they're gonna go get on the airplane
trim it what kind of shoes are de Laura
oh the green shoes very green when we
went out shopping she had very
particular opinions about which shoes
she wanted to try on and which one she
didn't as she loved these and the whole
time we were shopping she's like my new
high heels my new high heels um is Laura
what do you think yes
can I fit can I show me a new shirt
here's the bed you can show me your new
clothes you got a shirt too dirt should
we put that thing long so we just got
back from school and the kids are
putting away their backpacks and then
we're going to sit down on the table and
we always have a snack and I asked the
kids the same two questions every week I
asked who did you serve today and what
did you learn today and I just love that
focus trying to help them understand
that while they're at school they they
can look for opportunities to reach out
and love and uplift others and also that
they should be learning something so
anyway my question for you guys today is
it's your routine when you get home from
school yeah let us know in the comments
club it's nice I guess yeah oh do you
have soccers talk stand up let's see him
i see your soccer socks oh yeah is that
your soccer ball you ready to play come
on let's go all right so we have the
first day of soccer today the kids are
getting warmed up
look at their little outfits cubby just
got some new shin guards put your toes
on the ball good job
you
good gig
come on so pretty where we're going to
soccer is out in a rural area and I just
love it it's gorgeous out here
especially like it's really spring is
here like everything's starting to bloom
and blossom there's horses and the girls
are making horses oh yeah everybody you
nervous
good
I just wanted to say thank you to
everyone for the kind comments about my
grandmother it's amazing with YouTube
and social media how we can connect with
so many people and to hear your stories
and to hear how so many of you have lost
loved ones and it was really meaningful
to hear your thoughts in the feel of
your love so thank you for sharing that
with us during this time well tonight
ended up going a little differently than
we had anticipated and we were driving
home and we plan on stopping at a
fast-food restaurant and just getting
dinner and then there was a lot of
fighting going on in our car we decided
to just come home which is a bummer but
it happens you know um anyway and also
Caleb well let Caleb tell you about it I
love chefs what do you mean you were shy
of soccer um there are Sunda French I
cannot know anymore
place me notes um right but you didn't
know a lot of people so did you play
soccer or did you just sit and watch
just or how'd you feel about that
yeah are you kind of bummed
yeah it's cutting mat of like a I
made yeah which decision are you bummed
about that I am that I cannot play so
yeah do you want to play soccer next
week yeah I am gonna do it next week
what angle Oh next week when you're
older that's a good plan or or this or
the second day of stop stop yeah the
second day of soccer yeah I need a penis
okay okay Caleb everybody feels shy
sometimes and it's okay we love you
buddy
okay I think when you dig deep and try
and make some new friends I think you're
gonna really enjoy it
you're brave so your lease is doing some
magic I have this hmm
okay and what happened did it disappear
amazing it looks cool all right it does
it looks mostly the same except for
really bubbly so this is what the egg
looks like after one day I just drained
out the vinegar and I'm gonna put the
new vinegar in it but I had to touch it
to be able to do that and it definitely
feels different huh oh you two look so
fancy you guys I see the egg yeah yes it
is an egg does it visit keep going even
it has kind of spooky it does stink
what do you think is a good night to
herself so I found out today that my
grandmother has cancer and she was told
that she only has six months left to
live and there's just a lot of emotions
you have when you get that kind of news
