so I found out today that my grandmother
has cancer and she was told that she
only has six months left to live and
there's just a lot of emotions you have
when you get that kind of news well are
you alright good morning and happy
Monday the weather is gorgeous today and
so we're outside enjoying it my parents
are still in towns are enjoying that
time and I'm also just trying to like
kind of catch up from being gone on the
trip like I'm doing lots of laundry and
just kind of like mentally trying to
switch gears to like alright we're back
to the grind like I'm not the grind back
to like regular daily life so he sees
out here coloring with the sidewalk
chalk this morning these are impressive
designs Elise
again wish wait I love it
err all good shot guys so what do you
girls working on a restaurant huh what
are you making Laura Pat :
you're making popcorn popcorn balls YUM
is this all the food you guys made this
year well you need to clean up oh you're
cleaning up the house for your customers
that are coming to the restaurant you're
gonna clean your house so Lee see how
much does it cost to it at your
restaurant free it's free that's it I
need is a free for everybody so who has
to pay people Oh bad guys oh so bad guys
have to pay all right and yeah he had it
dungeon Oh a restaurant with a dungeon
very cool for science today the kids and
I are learning about osmosis and
membranes and how like molecules move in
and out the kids are kind of having a
hard time understanding that concept and
so I decided to teach them about it
using a window and a screen because when
your windows shut like nothing can get
through it's like the hard outer shell
but a membrane you can get some stuff
through so we're learning about that all
right so guys when I have the shell down
can I get my stuff through to you
or did the outer shell protect you
okay now there's an inner membrane can I
hand you a hamburger through the
membrane No why not it's too big so not
everything goes through here what about
water yes do you think water can move
across a membrane are you sure yeah
let's see I like science can water move
through the hard outer shell no can it
go through the membrane yes people often
ask us what we do as home-school where
isn't he mostly we just squirt water and
our kids through the windows all right
come back inside let's look at the egg
again all right so today we are learning
it through an experiment it's called the
naked egg experiment I'll put a link in
the description box to the video but
we're just getting it started we're
going to cover this with vinegar and
it's going to dissolve the outer shell
but leave an inner membrane so like the
raw egg is intact but without the shell
like it's amazing right it's what the
membrane looks like so we decided to
take a hard-boiled egg and find the
membrane underneath like you can like
see the different layers anyway and then
of course we had to talk about like what
a membrane is and how it keeps things
separate anyway I just love science
that's fun the vinegar is going to make
a reaction with the show
guys what's happening how do you know
there's a reaction going on because
there's powerful yes bubbles maybe those
are the thing that's making it go those
little dot are those good things that
peeling it off so the vinegar reacts
with the acetic acid that's part of the
shell and when those two chemicals react
it creates carbon dioxide which is a gas
which means it looks like it's a bubble
so yes that's exactly where the reaction
is happening and why do a them then
never make a bad smell
that's just kicked just kidding buddy
yeah it's done you do can it's been a
little funny vinegar does hey watch for
the bubbles will do that that will
membrane all right you guys can see the
bubbles the reaction is starting and
we'll fill you in when we do the next
part of the experiment
beautiful
it's so funny that yesterday it was too
cold out to do an Easter egg hunt and
today it's gorgeous I'm so grateful
though because the whole forecast up
ahead for the week looks nice face oh
she's so happy Hey
Laura was swinging and she saw me and
yelled done
hey yo me push you what
dammit kiss hmm I love you no work work
was good how was your day good
that's what happened we broke this stick
and glitter came out and this might be a
real magical on Kessler's not buying it
any glitter let's try might have to keep
trying come in well you have to come on
laughs oh let's go to the lab oh yeah
you come in and take ready yet something
that Kendra always did in her family
growing up and she doesn't in our family
is they take the leftovers and make it
into this like SuperDuper yummy
casserole
yeah so it's just a leftover hands on
the bottom the leftover potatoes are on
top and then we did some French bread
and veggies and some apples it smells so
good so we're trying to eat dinner but
she's gone and gotten her ballet shoes
her tights and her leotard and she just
won't stop begging to get her ballet
closing what do you need Laura what are
we playing with the hug talking the
hockey takis hi okay
hi I'm what are you doing today play
EULA's hockey hockey cockys I couldn't
hear you that much
it isn't wait 70 days for you have to
break yeah go ahead
breaking it ah first day to you miss
Laura you are style stay thank you so
we're just out of here playing
basketball but apparently sometimes
they're spies in our neighborhood who
are spying on us playing basketball they
have some high-tech technology where
they have walkie-talkies or their it's a
higher-dimensional thing like a hockey
hockey hockey tie definition hockey
talkies this box I'm a disguise there go
the spies okay we're starting over the
spies are going to try to be more sneaky
this time
so I found out today that my grandmother
has cancer and she was told that she
only has six months left to live and
there's just a lot of emotions you have
when you get that kind of news I grew up
around my grandmother all through junior
high in high school she lived right by
us and she was there supporting and all
the games that I did and choir stuff
were plays you know she was right there
cheering us on and she's such an amazing
example she's the kind of lady who you
know I would go over there and she's
like pouring cement to build something
new even today when we were talking on
the phone she just found out she has
cancer and she's dying and she was
planting a peach tree and roses and she
said you know Jeremy I just want to live
these last months I want to really live
and she talked about her bucket list of
grudges she wants to let go of and
conflicts in the family that she wants
resolved and she said she wants to see
everybody you know we want to have a
reunion let's all get together before I
die
so hearing about this today does just
make me stop and think about my life and
try to have the bigger picture you know
when I am 90 years old and I'm looking
back am I doing the most important
things right now am i focusing on loving
others and on relationships and I just
want to do better and better at that
because I think that's what I'm going to
care about the most
when I find out that I only have six
months left to live
all right so tomorrow is a big day for
our family because it's the first day of
all the kids start soccer tomorrow okay
a shin guards and a balls we had to go
pink and purple that one's for you
all right so definitely you're gonna
have to come back into the vlog tomorrow
because it's Isaac Elyse and Caleb's the
first day of soccer and Jeremy's the
coach so it's gonna be a good time um
just to tell you again daddies
