my awesome mom got Easter breakfast
together for us we are having a
breakfast cake it's like a coffee cake
hard-boiled eggs and yummy fruit she's
loving her breakfast
I miss that well faith that's our
tradition for Easter and Christmas is we
come out and we watched a video about
the purpose of the holiday something
about Jesus we say a prayer together as
a family we have our breakfast and then
the peasants and stuff your fork is on
your plate stinker
you guys ready to Easter egg hunt do
something miss Laura what are we doing
egg egg you're gonna get a bowl of eggs
B where are you gonna put them right
back
oh in your bag you show me your bag you
guys ready
hey find the eggs oh great job
oh but you can keep that one you were to
eat them ha ha ha he's already the Gandy
laura got two eggs she's like I did it
and then your candy
there's one more so they're looking
everywhere where is that Easter basket
this year what flavor of gum did you
guys get uh confetti cake pop yeah Thank
You Sondra the chalk and again
so the kids have an Easter present oh
that is awesome
the amazing should put him in our
backyard yeah birds with business we
might even get a neighborhood and we my
name is get a city jump here
thank you Jim more presents for us I saw
you just cut this oh wow thank you
yeah yeah what can we do with those cub
so there's different life sizes uh-huh
actually so um skaters are to old age
okay Caleb show me how it works
how does it work buddy
hey love and power tools I don't think
so
believe it or not I think we're ready
for church on time check out these cute
kids ready go church that's quite the
face you look excited Laura seriously my
hope was to get a cute picture of these
cute kids Aparri left Oh bless you
anyway
we tried these that still and give a
good effort well church was wonderful it
felt so great to just be able to go and
you know think about Christ's life and
focus on the true reason for the Easter
holiday today I have to tell you guys it
was so tender in the middle of the night
Laura woke up crying and I went into her
room and she was standing up in her crib
and she stopped crying me and she was
mom mom back and then I went over and I
just held her and I really stayed there
for like 20 minutes she like fully woke
up and she was like telling me all about
things that they've done while she was
gone and Lucy woke up but I just we just
snuggled all together any Lisa's bed and
I just I really really missed the kids
it's been really precious to be coming
home and I'm so glad like we left CVX
live a little bit early and it was kind
of sad to do that because I was like oh
we're gonna miss out on some of the fun
stuff there but I'm so glad we're here
today because this is where my heart
wanted to be today like my heart
definitely wanted to be with my little
kids and it's been wonderful and other
bit chaos too I've no idea what they're
playing but there's a lot earlier than
going on hey Caleb what are you wanting
to do place that so this is a kite
oh gosh babe lay up inside I know how
you know how to play with kites inside
yeah how do you play with a kite inside
the house just you stay you stand strike
and then put it out the wing oh you say
in here and you put the kite out low
wind oh yeah and after a lot the door
out of the door into the backyard and if
you jump thank you
oh hey Caleb what happened to your face
right here can you tell us I'll show you
looked at brother she's heavy so Caleb
so you swing so high that branches hit
you yeah that's what happened
yeah well this afternoon we decided to
do some art so I printed off these
crucifix printables is from a blog that
I really love called do small things
with love anyway then you just paint
over it with watercolors and it's really
abstract but really beautiful and
meaningful and so I thought it'd be a
fun Easter activity
so we're doing another Easter egg hunt
this afternoon we usually on Easter do
one outside but it's really cold out
today so we're just doing it upstairs
right now the kids have had a good
afternoon but also I think with us being
gone for a while like emotionally
they're all a little bit worn out so
hopefully hopefully this'll put them all
in good spirits all right who wants to
come find some eggs
John beginner chicks 4614 that's a lot
of eggs I found it oh good one looking
for him
you found one how's the jellybeans
you guys are finding more so we thought
we were done hunting but we're still
missing six so let's see how many more
do we have one two three four guys we're
still missing two hey mom oh we're
somewhere and then out I was trying to
tell you with my eyes Caleb he was
asking me that and I'm like like I was
like pointing with my head there's still
one more to find let's find it together
let's find it together so Caleb was
pretty fun that he didn't get to find
some of the eggs and Isaac is being such
a sweet big brother he redid some of the
eggs so that Caleb could enjoy the joy
of finding them
you are awesome
are you hiding them again so for dinner
tonight we're having ham and like cheesy
potatoes rolls salad I love to hear in
the comments below what you guys are
having for Easter dinner I know
different families have different
traditions and we almost always do him
so I'd love to hear yours let us know
what happened buddy I did - turkey why I
don't know you don't know why this
happened so that's a pretty intense
bloody nose he wasn't hit in the face or
anything he wasn't picking his nose he
just got a bloody nose do you guys have
that where you get bloody noses just
randomly kind of crazy hey Laura go
ahead
