good morning
it's CVX live day and we are very
excited and I'm eating my yogurt and I
brush my teeth before we left but then
I'm eating breakfast so I feel like I
need to brush my teeth when I get there
keep that feeling so we have some mints
and in important news I got a zit
like a big one like right there and it's
it's so far straighting like why does
that always happen when there's
something important that you want to
like you know look nice for you get
something old it everybody X 2016 are
you excited for CVX live this week thank
you guys so much for coming out I
appreciate you taking the time to listen
we walked back here to see what this
setup is for our meeting me this
afternoon and I care there's a poster
run the poster he's a cop be calm be
cool about it pendra well you're
blogging me right just relax have a
headache and I think this might actually
help
this is your boss a face looks like it's
in like a toilet bowl
behind the scenes so we wanted people to
be able to meet the kids because we're
sad there so we're skyping with them so
they can meet some of the people who
have been disabled
well done
good find
Oh
drinking right now - whoa no the jingle
jugglers oh well that was so fun to meet
all of you guys thank you so much for
coming and ankles
overwhelm the surprise we didn't know if
anybody would show up ran into Elsa and
Anna and I had to video them so that you
can see them and you guys like maybe
cover songs are frozen another Disney
stuff yeah
I can't wait for at least to get to
watch it all so Kendra just texted at
least the picture of us with alpha and
onna and my dad said she totally freaked
out I wish we could have been there to
see your reaction so it's been a really
fun day like we've had chances to just
like go up and down the elevator with
the Shaytards and running into other
youtubers it's really fun to have these
interactions with people to meet people
that are so passionate about what
they're doing into here you know what
drives them and just love it we're
standing around with a bunch of little
kids that Jeremy lets me go I'm a little
nervous
the mechanical bull might have Jeremy's
on it
all right so I'm enjoying some downtime
and hanging out with Dana Schmoyer she's
from Sh movies and she's twins and I'm
getting to hold them and this one is
Chloe Chloe say hello and this one
scares okay anyway hey we're having a
good time there's data you're just
visiting and nice to have quiet moments
them a little busy day so we're excited
there's a big dance-off tonight and a
bunch of our friends are doing it so
it's going to be fun to watch we're
coming to cheer him on
alright well we had a lot of fun today
we're hanging out with Matt nan this
sure movies people often ask us if we
know these people were like yes we do we
know them and we love hanging out with
them and it was just an exciting day so
we're excited for one more day FCX life
when you see tomorrow Jay have that hey
guys Ashley our family came out to meet
us today and guess what it's her
birthday
happy birthday guys
all right we're still safe
good job so we're doing the interview
for CDX live and the flying drones over
the sky in here Studio City on this side
Ellie and Jared April and Davey Carlin
please one more I think the Shaytards
over here somewhere
thank you we're good
at all
no pressure
nice
it's been so fun to be here and to meet
so many of our viewers and to see like
the excitement and the fun around
YouTube and family blogging like it's
great to be a part of this community
look at all these people alright I'm so
excited so this is like a virtual video
game we're going to be walking around
moving grabbing stuff and we'll be
seeing it in a virtual world and feeling
it in real life apparently it's some
sort of like a Temple of Doom and it's
like a puzzle when you have to try to
solve it and yeah so they were saying
that this best you set up so if you get
shot you can like feel it enter and exit
out the back Kendra is legitimately a
job good job
mm-hmm BAM there is I was so scared
going in I was like clinging to Jeremy's
arvai felt like when we go through like
a haunted house that it was it was so
weird because you'd be reaching out and
you're touching you're grabbing a torch
and then lighting and you can feel
though I can be like the cobwebs and it
was crazy anyway there was this one part
where I was like I'm gonna get too scary
so I shut my eyes and then the serpens
almost ate us I was punching about it oh
dude and he defeated it but it was it
was awesome and just crazy all right
well I got my dream job I'm babysitting
the twins well I guess Tim and Anna are
back now but I did I babysat them and
they survived and the baby survived hi
dad thank you they're his kids okay do
you guys have been afiad I did not
clearly we would have taken them as her
own reason at little Dale's people now
we are
and it back to see it's live for the
very end that I'm really sad to have it
done and I'm also really excited to see
my kids so it's kind of cut
emotions I guess Jeremy is going to be
presenting at this afternoon he is
presenting on the legal side of YouTube
so you know kind of merging his legal
interest as an attorney and his youtube
life and it's been really fun watching
him prepare for this because he is a big
nerd and watching his like too nerdy
passions combined has been really fun
I'm a nerd
we made it I'm so really like we just
have to get through security but
everything would be a project all
sighing no we should be okay
and I was over on Twitter and I saw all
these people posting about Jeremy's what
is that called presentation and just how
hopeful he was and I'm just so proud of
my lil boy they had to page Jeremy
they're like paging passenger are my
clothes come board the plane I was doing
at the watch about to okay guys check
out out this is our last view of the
mountains for a while last ones in all
right we'll see you guys tomorrow
hey how come jail
J house J out Oh JJ j out house house
out J house J Oh
Jay Jay house LJ LJ j j the day house
you thinking about it
