good morning we are so happy to be in
Utah today the mountains are gorgeous
like as we're driving around it's so
nice to see the mountains and it's great
to be with family so we are at my
sister's house this morning hanging out
playing with Parker so we're skyping my
kids to say good morning and it's been
already it's my kiddos oh honey I love
you guys hi Parker music hi I'm Laura hi
Laura hey Caleb hi how are you can I
tell me you I wish you good
it's my big man we're working on
spreadsheet what
that's awesome on Excel yeah buddy I
love you so much I really miss you you
have a lot oh I miss you too bye I think
it's Laura's turn now she wants you to
stay oh I love you miss Laura I miss you
you want me to stay I want to stay too
how about I come home in a couple days
okay
oh my my
so while we're traveling I've been doing
a lot more picture taking than usual and
so I'm posting more over on Instagram
and Twitter and Facebook and so if you
want to see more of our trip you can go
over there and follow us for J house
vlogs we're getting ready to walk out of
the hotel room and I forgotten my phone
and luckily I remembered just in time I
hate that like phones are such a big
deal nowadays like if you forget it it
feels like you lost everything it's kind
of hard to see but this across the
street is a hospital it's Utah Valley
Regional Medical Center and that was my
first place that I worked as a nurse way
back when when we were going to school
here sure what's so fun today to be out
here golfing with my brothers
all right so Jeremy and I just went to
lunch at chick-fil-a
with eight passengers this is Ruby and
we had a great time and I completely
forgot to vlog anyway Jeremy his
brothers picked him up to go golfing and
we have a rental car and I go out to get
in my car and I realized I didn't have
the car keys that Jeremy has them so I
had this moment where I was like I'm
gonna be stranded at chick-fil-a for
like four hours while Jeremy's golfing
with his brother so I go running out in
like Ruby
save me it's a good thing I'm slow
because I was just puttering around the
band so anyway she gave me a ride to my
sister-in-law's house so now I'll be in
good hands I didn't want to be stranded
at chick-fil-a for like hours so thank
you so much you know what we'll see her
she's seen me at CVX live tomorrow tube
so we're gonna get to see more of them
all right so I'm really grateful that I
didn't get stranded at chick-fil-a and
instead I get to be here with my
sister-in-law this is actually she went
and did nerve for with us last night and
this is her baby Elizabeth Elizabeth is
just barely two months old and she's
just started smiling and it was so sweet
I'm just eating all this time up do you
want to try to smile or what she's
thinking about it those blue eyes guys
isn't she beautiful you are
she's so cute and little
I'm just adorable hi I just got back
from the Gulf and Kendra is glowing look
at this I already told you I got her to
sleep I still got oh sweet so Jeremy and
I had a free moment like 33 minutes we
decided to just drive up the canyon I'm
so excited I love
I remember when we were dating and first
married and we would come to this part
all the time with dinner and a frisbee I
turned to her we went camping up there
that we did when first kisses was up
there oh we loved this spot this is
awesome we don't have these kind of
waterfalls in Missouri so I first met
Kendra's family water tubing down this
river it was higher up in the river
where the waters a little deeper but
good memories the little-known fact
Jeremy actually worked at a motion
picture studio during almost all of his
college years and it's just funny we
were just driving by it and we saw it
and we wanted to stop and take a picture
like who knew that all these years later
like making and editing videos is still
such a huge part of his life so the
randomest thing happened we got back
from our day out and we walk into our
hotel room and it smelled terrible in
there it smelled like fresh paint but it
was really overwhelming so we called the
front desk and they said I think they
painted the hallway and we said we
didn't smell in the hallway so we opened
up a window we were trying to select the
fumes out and then I started like really
getting to us like both of us started
noticing headaches like we only been in
there for like maybe 15-20 minutes so we
called the front desk again and they
came down and they walked in and they
were like whoa what happened like
somehow somebody came in and painted
while we were gone so they moved us to a
new room that does not smell like paint
fumes so we're bakery so cbx live is
hosting a red carpet party for the
creators and
up to the party right now everyone has
their camera
every good party ends with us at Walmart
so we are here we're actually getting
some fun stuff for our meet and greet
which is going to be on Friday which
should be when you guys are watching
this and on Saturday and blogging
photobomber that's the best anyway you
guys should definitely come to the booth
and say hi we're going to have a lot of
fun that's it for today
or it comes down
