you shall wake with true love's kiss the
spell shall break
so she said instead of dying she being
asleep and she could be woken by you
want to read more yeah yeah and there's
the fairy godmother yeah and who's this
while we're at CVX leg we're going to
want to Skype with the kids and so we're
testing Skype right now you Skype and
cub I love you I love you alright we're
skyping works laziest family ever
yeah mm-hmm lazy family we don't need an
intercom system we just skyping in the
house was so fun
you're gonna win kids are just going to
Lissa so much and have nothing fun to do
look be Papa oh good job all right I'm
gonna miss you guys miss Lauren
mommy's gonna go to a conference I'm
gonna go in for a couple days I know I'm
gonna miss you yeah I want you to come
with me too
who's gonna take care of you the path
I'm on Papa are you gonna have fun yeah
yeah you are cakey sees before I go
you hold on okay groans I take good care
of you she took good for me when I was a
little girl to here today we said buddy
you gonna miss mom will you call me hey
what do you call me we'll be able to
chat and you know what Papa is really
great at snuggles he is great smells
okay so if you need a snuggle you just
snuggle papa
give it a try see how big is under you
have fun or you may come up with lots of
sorts of people right we're good over
it's over here we made it to the airport
and
I'm just really gonna miss the kids like
I've been thinking about go bot and I
don't know for some reason this is
harder to leave them this time it's not
because like I'm really happy they're
gonna have a great time with my parents
I think they're just blowing up so fast
I feel like I'm gonna really miss these
few days with them and I feel like I
sound like this like crazy mom you sound
like my mom or mom it was so tender
Isaac was waving to us out the doors we
heard more it was really sweet I just
like want to tell Laura I don't grow up
while I'm gone we're boarding the plane
I'm excited because we were able to
switch our tickets we weren't initially
sitting together and so now I get to sit
by him which is definitely a bonus
hopefully the flight goes well
so we're in the very back right next to
the engine and you couldn't see that
very scenic like we'd open the window
all we could see was like the giant
propeller jet yeah and it was really
loud and there was some pretty intense
turbulence on that right too but they
had a plug-in that's always I got this
cute little rental car it's a toyota
yaris look how little it is it's
actually super roomy ins that I didn't
gonna work great
so we're coming to my sister's house I'm
so excited to see her and my niece and
nephew and I have to pee so bad I feel
like I'm gonna be really rude like we're
gonna knock on the door and I'm like hi
let me go to the bathroom and then I'll
see ya but it's always a little awkward
showing up but you you gotta go hi
Parker do we get to come play with you
yeah thanks for letting us come to your
house Jeremy play basketball with you
yeah we built some stuff
I'm so sad Caleb can't be here to play
with you you guys are gonna have so much
fun hey hockey love/hate na hey Kayla
hey good job when I come to Utah there's
a few place
that I have to hit up and one of them is
Suba is my absolute favorite restaurant
and so I pawned my sister and they're
coming with me so we're picking up the
food for the boys and then are going to
be hanging out but you've got to see her
little baby if you can see her in there
I'm loving her I Laura would love to
play over it's been awesome to see my
sister and brother Mon their family and
now we're gonna go play with Jeremy side
of the family we love you talk so me and
my brothers and their wives are going to
blast through tag well I guess it's like
a nerf war decider
yes we're excited about it yeah brothers
unites so you know you're doing
something fun when you have to sign a
waiver in order to participate I just
like it's electronic
what yeah when you say
you
down
he gets intense it was captured the flag
I got the flag but I paid the price
Oh Jeremy his brothers it gets pretty
serious down here
or you gotta hit that's a major bridging
and map this round I'm the king
so after nerve tag became actually small
role of a and they do specialty breaks
and we're getting dessert break it was
so hard to decipher the amazing options
Devin Supertramp ease fanboy lit mine
I'll go get it
even ice cream and caramel I was feeling
berries so this is berries and sweet
cream
so it's so fun we've been talking about
all the things that have happened in the
last two years of Emily and we've all
gone through major changes in our life
and it's exciting to just talk about it
we were also spend a lot of time talking
about some of the best shots in the nerf
game which was really fun I got the
chance to go over and talk to Devin
Supertramp he is such a nice guy he
spoke last year oh no it was there I saw
it it was in my house go for Troy's face
I just got second best ever
I need a second best well that's a lot
of stars I have a new record
you had a new record mm-hmm like two
feet is good record
