what are you doing you getting any good
poo you did huh slow girl is growing up
flush that toilet you try to do the same
kind of color in a while
Chum Betty hey you want to turn
okay Lori's next well you didn't help me
so the kids are playing a game called
jelly splash and we are excited they
reached out to sponsor our video today
it's really fun to watch the kids
enjoying playing the app together I've
been impressed at how well Caleb and
Laura even are able to play it and you
know what the kids are doing okay taking
turns yeah a good zigzag well my
question for you guys today is do you
play jelly splash and if you do they're
having a lot of special events for
Easter and special sales on things in
the app so jelly splash has some fun
Easter games that they're doing on their
social media sites one of their games is
on Twitter and Instagram it's a virtual
Easter egg hunt you take this egg and
hide it somewhere I take a picture of it
submit it and they have all kinds of
prizes available we'll put more details
about it in the description box it's got
to be somewhere where they can still see
the egg but it's hard to find that's a
great hiding spot nice
so Caleb then we just post that on
Twitter and Instagram and see if we win
the contest okay come on in see if you
can find it okay come on Laura
you found it he wants to hit it next
okay at least you found it you can go
hide it go ahead out in the front room
somewhere
you found it hey Laura's you want to
hide it
okay go hide it in the kitchen okay come
on and try to find
so Jeremy had to head into a court
hearing this morning and so he's been
gone at work and then now he's coming
home to work at home this afternoon so
that I can go out and get some errands
done I am going to get my hair trimmed
I'm returning all of our library books
because we have some overdue ones and I
also have to stop at a store and just
get some stuff so we're just really
trying to get ready because my parents
come this afternoon and we're leaving
for Utah tomorrow so the kids are
playing outside and they said that they
were seeing wasps and hornets and I've
already seen a couple out here and it's
just that time of season where they
start building their nests under our
deck and you can find them all over down
here buck what are you making we're
making on the words habitat the kids
have been playing outside for three
hours straight and I think it's just
gonna keep going good shot hey Laura who
are we gonna go get laughs ha ha
where are we going guys I just guest up
for $0.99 he'll take a haircut I did get
my hair cut Roley can see the difference
it's cuz I just got it trimmed well just
really it means you just like kind of
cut off just the very little bit at the
bottom then I read the camera what and
can I can I
can't we have a canon camera so we're
here at the airport to pick up my
parents and usually when we pick up my
parents we just like drive by and pick
them up from the curb but I thought it'd
be fun for the kids to come in and get
to pick them up in here but I didn't
tell my parents that so we're trying to
Surprise them so we'll see you we're
running in a late they might already be
off the plane well I'm gonna go get her
go get her
leacy did we get them you saw her from
far away you went running hey love you
help and pop that Isaac's open to all
right now just to find the car we can do
this so on the way into the airport I
was holding everybody's hands and now
I'm like kid free good free back here I
love it when you think I'm parents come
to visit it's so wonderful to see my
parents and sure about their lives
hey Liv wants to help
so lately whenever we're in the car and
we drive by a park Laura goes mom stop I
need to go there let's go to the park
and so we're on our way home from the
airport and we decided to stop at this
awesome park and let the kids run and
play for a minute
hey guys this is my favorite salad it's
called the cheese crisp salad yeah but
it's dressing you guys snuggling with
Papa a little brown sage a house out Oh
God
