this may be the cutest little thing you
guys making a book savers Laura can you
say able steamers say princess then can
you say able skeevers mustard so I was
in the other room and I heard Kendra
scream so I came running in here and
found here looking like this I burnt my
whole hand I don't know how bad it is
yet but it already hurts pretty bad you
want some ice on it anyway umm the
aebleskiver pan the stove has been
turned off for a while and it's just
been sitting there and I'm cleaning up
and so I was bringing it over here and I
thought it had had enough time to cool
off and so I just picked it up like gave
it a nice good grip and lifted up to
this heavy and it was so let me get used
to things that's so cold and hot I'm
called Oh kinder decided to go with the
curly look today
I don't worry I often do it because it
takes a while but you can see this sides
curly and this side is working on it so
we're still on done we have a shot to
make it on time to church today so this
morning at least came up and said she
wanted to dance I was so happy
huh oh well just in case you're
wondering we are having loaded nachos
for lunch and my hand is okay like it's
kind of sore like I can tell it was
burnt but it didn't even do store which
I'm really really grateful for because a
Hulbert hand like that would be
miserable so Isaac put together this
basketball hoop see here's the backboard
here's the hoop all right so we have an
announcement for you guys today we are
going to CVX live this week it's the
YouTube convention in Utah and we might
last year yeah we're going back we are
excited to see so many of our youtube
friends and also we have a lot of family
in the area and we're actually really
hoping we can meet some of you guys so
we're being featured this year at CVX
live and they've scheduled public meet
and greets for us and so if you do want
to come meet us
we'll put a link below so that you can
see the schedule for cbx life but we
would love to meet you Caleb hey hey are
we talking to the camera
hey do you want to do something fun
Caleb yeah let's do it and just to
clarify it is just Jeremy and I that are
going the kids are gonna be home here
with my parents having a great time we
just couldn't bring the whole family out
this week so it is hot by jet and yeah
Nicki so it's cold out today but I
wanted to do something fun as a family
like all together so we're doing
something fun with the cake okay who
wants to go camping me
there it is
so basically I think the tent is just
like a big playpen I can just put it
there it's telling that were you keep
your stuff yes I need to go I love
seeing the kids creativity they turn on
the fans I try to make it windy at their
fort we're all getting ready for bed
we're watching the Stars oh we can see
the North Star
uh-huh where's the Big Dipper right back
like that me let's spin it
Oh the fan
no it's caught out hey the tent just
pooped you out and sometimes our kids
cry because we took a bag of chips away
from them so there's the bag of cheese
that we're dividing that between the
kids but Laura got a hold of it first so
she's screaming I got two anyway but
this is Elise's bag of cheez-its and
she's sharing with everything she's a
rock star say thank you lecie you're
welcome
all right you guys can have the snack in
your tent
yeah daddy's got the bowls so I curled
my hair today and I haven't been curling
it very often lately just does it takes
a while but my question for you guys
I've actually been trying to decide what
to do with my hair do you think I should
wear it straight do you think I should
wear it curly or do you think I should
cut it I've been really thinking about
cutting it like like a good amount off
anyway I'll put a pole up there and let
me know what you think I feel like every
spring I get the itch to cut my hair and
I'm trying to decide if I'm gonna do it
or not more importantly what do you I
haven't thought about it
I like your career in stem your Laurie
good hug more is making up this
sometimes taking gift sometimes taking a
picture all poor kids looking at the
camera the same time not gonna happen
let's get we got busy Caleb's all
covered up hippie no so we just got
invited to dinner not only do we get to
hang out with our friends or we don't
have to clean up the kitchen again
tonight
these are my friends gorgeous flowers
and it's reminding me that today's the
first day of spring it's officially
spring and that's a beautiful tree hey
Laura can you show me your curtsy oh you
nailed it uh-oh last issue
now she's Cinderella hi
come on but we gotta go good job Betty
so this is my awesome friend Natalie and
she's the one that invited us over for
dinner tonight was delicious thank you
so much so we've decided to let the kids
sleep in the tent tonight and we decide
that part of the camping experience is
roasting marshmallows so we're going to
roast the marshmallows this may be the
cutest little thing
okay go ahead your marshmallow yum yum
yum sticky and nothing whoa Laura that's
a big bite all right we roasted our
marshmallows good work let's and we're
getting our s'mores ready
what do you want the chocolates right
there is inside she just wants the
chocolate smores you make me happy when
skies are grey you'll never know dear
how much I love you please don't take my
sunshine away chapter one Ramona's a
great day I am NOT a pest remotely we
told her big sister Mises and stop
acting like the pests and visas whose
real name is Beatriz caldera pests were
always bigger and so they would be
unfair this wasn't
I want to get back in bed little girl
come on
good night to yourself
you
