Caleb what are you wearing daddy
no those are mine dude yeah yeah how
come you decided to wear them
the things he comes up with to do just
crack me up Elise is working on patterns
for math this morning Isaac is making a
map of which state Alabama well what's
your name okay so today is one of those
days when I feel literally pulled in
like a hundred directions I just tend to
feel a little bit overwhelmed there's
Laura are you working on your math yeah
so Caleb and I are doing some Lego math
today for four and how many is this one
two so four plus two equals how many
sticks is that which one of these is the
biggest number what number is this one
said it in this one in this other six
mr. Flores or which one's the same
digitizer can we make one is all this
dad yeah we have a nice people do close
so you need to do you can do a different
okay ciao six there it is we've got one
for dad and we've got one for Isaac it's
our DUPLO family now we need to go get
mommy hold on 22:22 you did it leave all
by yourself I made myself a big plate of
leftovers from last night Oh what are
you looking at ah what do you want to
bite him what he wants a bite of my food
they all have so I loved that they
walked up and they're like mom that
looks so good we need to try it and so I
gave them all a bite with the kale and
the broccoli and the mushrooms and the
pesto so every day at least and I review
these flashcards together and so I'm
always trying to think of ways to make
it interesting that we are reviewing
them and so today I told her that she
could
the location for where she wanted to
review them and I was like we can repeat
them in my room we can review them on
the stairs anybody said and back I so
here we are in our car you ready to
review don't forget to buckle your seat
all right
so Elise what are you cooking eggs eggs
so Elise is doing for sight words today
with this fun activity and please note
it is not plugged in at all so these are
printables that I found online and I
just knew that a lease would love this
you know when you're reviewing sight
word everyday you really want to keep it
fun and engaging and she loves cooking
so let's see at least you pick one to
read way yeah put on over let out could
think that was a real leg good work
actually green did it work out yeah well
it's been really pretty here the last
several weeks but it's kind of cold and
cloudy out today so Isaac and I are
playing next to the fireplace it's
probably one of the last times this year
that we're gonna be able to use it but
it kind of feels nice to just cozy up
and Laura's finally napping and just
enjoy time together so what happens in
this game is Isaac is trying to guess my
code that I've got right here waffle
steady yeah we're using the leftover
green noodles yeah why are you way to
eight on top of that because that's what
I make it for dinner
thank you gross you think so
I'm making green noodles and eggs when I
lived in Austria um my host mother there
made this for us and you use noodles
that have already been cooked and then
you just add eggs and scramble them in
and then we're going to add some
tomatoes and some spinach no cheese
so I think has been waiting for Germany
home so they could review the brackets
Oklahoma one North Carolina one C
refused beat Dayton oh you had Dayton
going
I think Syracuse ok Michigan State hey
it's a lot of fun to do this with Isaac
Laura what are we makin pop or do you
like popcorn so yeah so we're doing
something I've never tried before we are
making popcorn balls but we're making a
marshmallow base popcorn balls it's kind
of like rice krispies treats over me in
a bed what it mum put on your hands fine
usual it what is it what butter haha
everybody's gonna make their own popcorn
ball same alright no idea butter on
uh-huh I gonna make a popcorn ball a
popcorn ball that was smells so sweet
ready for my
laughing yes everybody can pick one and
eat it now is it any good
mmm so this is New York
whoa I never smelled those in my whole
line of Enders before all right so this
is called the Brooklyn Bridge I want to
see I wanna get closer I know me too
easy Rock to go there
so today Kendra discovered the 3d
flyover tours that Google has a
different cities oh this is building an
entire fake oh you're right Empire State
Building
that is whole is building now with
Willis towers
Oh what city is Willis Tower in Chicago
so someday we're gonna going to sky
scraper someday I hope to take you guys
oh there it is there Central Park I'm
such a nerd I'm absolutely loving this
don't you guys look at a bunch of other
cities earlier today dumb Lynn oh and
Clark Golden Gate Bridge well then it's
a very language are they getting all
that video you think it's a bird flying
and be so good in the world that they
get a bird division people just train
some birds to carry on cameras to get
the footage you want your milk what did
you just put on my face can you say good
night
your words
