good morning and happy st. Patrick's Day
you know last year we celebrated as a
family by learning a lot about Ireland
and about st. Patrick and we made Irish
food and it was really really fun but
this year as I was getting ready for it
I just had some different ideas
different things were wanting to
celebrate so today we're taking a very
green approach so this morning I found
Laura standing in front of the mirror in
my bedroom like having a conversation
with herself in the mirror and she was
like no I'm a princess and then she said
no I'm a princess
she fit no I'm a princess and then she
stopped and she said no I'm Laura it was
so cute I wish I coulda grabbed the
camera soon enough Sandy's you can watch
Lucy there are we going to pose to stir
it until it's like jello you stir it for
a minute and then we're gonna add some
cold cold water to it yeah cold cold
water with ice more we're making rainbow
jello rainbow jello
kinder has prepared a st. Patrick's Day
feast for lunch so we're having baked
potatoes because potatoes in Ireland
seem to go together and then we have
broccoli and green briefs yo mean so I
forgot to wear green today not
intentional how about you guys
did you wear green on st. Patrick's Day
we'll do a poll yes or no changing and
turning Japan try just put on something
green what happens if you don't wear
green you um you don't sew can do today
we're talking and I'm trying to leave
but I can't thank you has to get back to
Oh they won you should probably change
into green before you get pinched again
because I am a feeling that guy's gonna
pinch you again any minute
the smell good like this smell good
Oh
we're doing three different science
experiments today but while I'm getting
the stuff ready for the science
experiment I have the kids doing a penny
challenge they are supposed to use
pennies to build a bridge it's supposed
to be at least three centimeters tall
three centimeters wide and stay up for
at least ten seconds you guys should try
this it's pretty fun so yeah is it good
a triple penny breaking pretty cool now
he's gonna help Caleb Caleb does it keep
falling over all right they're gonna
work together yes maybe one in it fall
down really that's disappointing
what are you gonna do now Howard you're
gonna build a cow on top of yours here's
two more Thanks nobody Wiggles all right
well that was the statewide tornado
drill they test all the sirens and then
after this like first statewide tornado
drill then they test him on the first
Wednesday of every month so Jeremy
called me right before this he's like
Ken oh you know the first test is today
like you didn't want me to be scared or
freaking out that they were going off
but as you can see it's a nice sunny day
you got the green one so for school
today we're doing three different
science experiments and what we're gonna
focus on is the reaction time of the
science experiments one of them is going
to be fast one of them is going to be
slow and one of them is going to be
super duper slow what our pennies made
out of what oh I think good not gold
break-in sighs frankincense Frankenstein
Frankenstein they're not made out of
Frankenstein's what's your guess Ron
they're not bronze
not made last it actually called copper
okay guys so we're going to take these
pretty pennies and we are going to turn
them green now what do you think we're
going to add to get them to turn green
rain coloring so when vinegar reacts
with copper it's going to turn it
slightly green do you guys think this is
going to happen quickly or slowly slowly
slowly quickly I think it's gonna be
quick let's see
suppose honey that's my bunny when I see
a little bit all right here comes it's
baking soda and vinegar when they react
they do that so we have a little visitor
this afternoon
it is not Nicole does it not have a
collar on oh what a sweet kitty it go
like so is it all by itself
I cannot find a small yeah good okay
Caleb why don't you guys sit back down
at the table oh you have to go what else
am i doing I mean it Shane is it needs
to shave it fur all right so we have 6
cups of water here and we colored one
blue one yellow and one red and now
we're gonna see if the water can walk do
you guys think I can yes
do you think that this blue color can
move to this cup yes yeah unless don't
force it
oh I think I can do it without pouring
it hey blue is such a fast
okay now we're studying old not
stuttering studying limericks so we read
a bunch of them together and we talked
about how they're supposed to be five
lines long and then we discovered their
rhyme pattern which goes a a BB a so the
kids are writing their own limericks
right now which should be pretty
entertaining I tried to write one in
it's harder than it looks
so Elise wrote a whole story and then
illustrated it nice for her and Isaac
has written three limericks and Caleb
what are you doing
you're copying something oh that's
beautiful
Oh does this see are you talking about I
see you're making the letter sounds Iron
Chef hey you're gonna make up okay
colored up what color are you using oh
it's not green what color is it purple
what's your favorite color
Isaac can you read us one of your
limericks yeah I found a line it scared
my son Zion and almost bit and also our
pet Gus I hope we never ever find
another lion oh that's awesome you ever
memorized aren't you
underdog
so I'm in the other room and I hear
Laura say I find a banana and I sprint
like I'm like booking it into this room
and look where I found her
boys yeah oh good that's the next jela
we need okay all you need to stay up
here uh-huh
it's not very safe up there I think we
should get down well you can have a
banana that's fine when you want a
banana come ask mommy say mommy may I
please have a banana yeah sure
it's so scary to have climbers because
they get into everything and anyway
before I left the room I actually put
these pots on the stove but I
deliberately did not turn them on
because I knew I needed to run and like
move the laundry and so there's nothing
hot up here for her to get into but look
she just pushed the chair right over
there
climbed up and got herself a banana so I
decided to put green food coloring into
the water for the noodles I don't know
if it's gonna work or do anything like
I'm wondering maybe that will make the
noodles turn green maybe all right so
caleb is washing windows right now and
Isaac is sweeping the kitchen floor
because they were outside and they broke
one of our family rules if you break one
of our family rules then you have to
come inside and get a consequence from
the consequence jar and so Isaac pulled
out sweep the floor Caleb pulled out
washed the windows so they're working on
that right now but they're having good
attitudes about it which I'm really
really proud of them about
is it yummy with it yummy yeah wrong he
said it was yummy let's take a break
until the next you are alright tonight
your green noodles yeah
well the drinks look a little
questionable but she's waiting to see
what Isaac thinks it's not your favorite
you don't like it you're gonna try
coming okay yeah a little young a little
yummy yeah yes seriously morning I hate
it it does not look very appetizing what
do you think of that yeah it's a v8
splash right those are normally pretty
good I know it smells good all right so
for dinner tonight Lisa can I show him
your food mm-hmm for dinner tonight we
are having green noodles with pesto and
chicken on top and what is this lettuce
and like a little green salad and um
green apples you like it
you
it worked that takes a lot of time hard
I've always didn't want it to so you
guys all help me make this thank you
and some people say that there's a pot
of gold at the Bach yeah that's true
yeah yeah it's a tall tale what do you
think to them there's a little thing oh
oh of gold at the bottom is that real
yeah a lot of tale I've got a left cop
well leprechaun those leprechauns
do you know the show one for Mickey
Mouse when they see the rainbow and
there's a leprechaun yeah this makes me
so make you happy and you can you ha you
think there's a ladybug in your cup or
show me where it is it's not a ladybug
that's your jello hmm
to see your jello good night Jay house
out
