all right good morning we are headed as
a family right now to go to a family
talent show at a retirement home in our
area we're doing it with a couple of
friends and it should be a really good
time I'm just really grateful because
we're actually on time right now
which feels miraculous for our family
but anyway when I was getting dressed
when I wanted to show you guys this
shirt I haven't worn it in a while and
when I put it on I just was flooded with
memories of our old intro like our very
first intro because this is the shirt
that I wore in our very first intro and
so I thought it would be fun today to
throwback to that so hey and I think
it's even Thursday it's a throwback
Thursday to our old intro can we put
that in German for sure and it's amazing
every time I see that like Laura has
grown up so much since we started blog
she really has all right enjoy
you
oh you're gonna have to troubleshoot
troubleshoot means you go back and look
at all the details again and see where
the connection is not working so Elise
and I are playing sight-word Jenga today
so what I did is I wrote a bunch of
sight words and they're on both sides of
the blocks and then we're just playing
Jenga and every time we pull out a piece
we have to read the words good let's see
it what's it say dad who I'm gonna pick
this one over here with a little bit of
hop okay read your words for us do you
guys figure it out yeah not yet I'll
come to see if we can help you wait
what'd you figure out this wasn't so
Laura is starting to struggle taking her
naps and that is really stressful to me
because I'm like I really need your
naptime Laura like we need that time to
be able to get our schoolwork done and
kind of just have a downtime so today
what I did was I had a whole bunch of
board books in her crib with her and
then she was happily getting in there
like okay I'll read so I'm hoping that
she'll read the books in bed and fall
asleep
but we'll see what happens uh tub tub
tub hmm hmm what's this letter Adi Adi
what sound does Adi make okay hmm
mud mud my Isaac just made his most
complex circuit yet
so Isaac was it hard to build this one
did it work the first time you did it
why'd you keep trying okay yeah and did
you figure it out mmm you sure did he
asked me for help and as I was walking
over he was like wait wait I figured out
mom I love it when they can figure out
stuff themselves maybe smile
did you know what's the head I skip show
me I used up the little fingers ten hear
that snapping sound there's this louder
bigger holder because he's practiced
more well I just touched addition to
turn odd so we came out to this awesome
Park to play a friend's today and we
were leaving our house and it looked
great and then all of a sudden I see
this big cloud and I'm like ooh this
looks ominous so I don't know how long
we're gonna be able to stay here I'll
see what happens
that looks pretty bad right
how far does it go more so hard for me
not to just be nervous the whole time
we're at the park but I know this is so
good for them like developmentally they
should be climbing and exploring and
so we're at the park we're having a
great time and I was like you know let's
just go ahead and head home so we're
driving home and we're almost home when
I get a text from my friend and it's the
friend whose daughter babysits our kids
on Wednesday nights and she's like hey
we're at your house where are you and I
was like oh I had completely forgotten
luckily we were right on time and so
Elise ran inside and changed into her
ballet stuff and I'm dropping her off
and then I'm going up to meet with
Jeremy and do some stuff but I need to
do a lot better with my calendar like I
need to pay attention to what's on my
calendar or like set alarms on my phone
like I don't know I think I'm like
losing my mind a little bit
all right what Kendra had somewhere she
needed to be forget her so I threw
together a very fancy noodles and
spaghetti sauce dinner I hate using
spaghetti noodles because then I feel
like I have to chop up all the noodles
for the kids so I just did the macaroni
noodles because it's a lot easier to
work with it's not fine housing are you
guys enjoying it yeah I love it
simple and yummy use I'm gonna see if I
can get the kids in bed before Kendra
gets home we'll see how that goes
in your face let's brush your teeth okay
let me brush it and then you can have a
turn next we can brush together okay
good job look at your jammies on yeah I
love you can i J have set
now
