third you want them it's gonna be sour
all right well we dropped the kids off
at their home school enrichment program
that they do once a week and the kids
and I are now going into a nonprofit
organization that I've mentioned before
it's in our area and it's like a kid's
toy lending library so we go in we play
with all the toys and then we check out
the ones that we want to take home and
play with and then the next week or two
weeks later we can return them anyway
it's an awesome program the kids love
coming no that one's yellow yeah
colors that very close that one's red
when you find a fair game toy laughs
yeah you should yeah thank you
what some are called blue head pull blue
nor this one is be wonderful what color
is that is green what are you making a
coin
great thank you good
what are we doing today Caleb where
Valley
what's voting mean already in person so
the whole Drive over here to go vote he
was like so when are we getting the boat
and I was like nobody we're going to
vote and he's like and then we're gonna
get a boat and I was like no they're
going to go vote oh you're excited about
the boat too alright so I'm taking Caleb
in with me to go vote I remember taking
Isaac with me I remember taking a lease
with me like you know just trying to
teach him inside an example like when
we're but in this voting day we get out
and we do it right buddy yes early
voting even for me when you vote is you
come check in to the note or you are in
what's your name what's your name there
goes now I get a sticker it says what
does it say Oh
vote I voted and I voted who wants a
cookie well this afternoon is a special
program at Isaac and Elise's Academy
that they go to and Caleb and I are
coming out to see that and I was running
late and so I was driving I was like oh
my goodness we're not going to make it
quite on time but then we hit every
single green light on the way here that
is like no small thing like there must
be 30 lights like it's not quite a drive
so so they're doing an art display here
with just artwork from all the different
kids and I found Isaac
hisses right here here's Lucy's I don't
even know what they were looking you're
gonna scream jihad they're going to sing
and perform for us this is a pretty big
class that we're gonna be next year you
next year have everything join some
doors but I don't want to make me you'll
make really good
how'd your presentation go okay
did you like singing in front of
everybody so Isaac were you nervous to
present in front of everybody
ilysm and I thought there would be less
people so we had a really great time at
Isaac and lisas Grandparents Day program
our grandparents all we don't live in
the area so I got to go also they did a
special presentation about fire safety
and I think all of us got really into it
we got to see the fire trucks and we
asked a ton of questions afterwards and
I don't know it got me really thinking
all right it's March Madness time Isaac
has been begging to fill out a bracket
how are you feeling about March Madness
exciting yeah so we're both gonna fill
out a bracket and we're gonna keep track
and see who between us wins thank you
Laura she's given me my pencil but I
would love to know in the comments below
if you were filling out a bracket and
who you have chosen to win it all what
team do you hope wins
um Kentucky or India knew that and Sam
Sam who are you rooting for Darrin can I
think Kansas is gonna win at all which
they are expect they're the number one
seed but I think I don't
well it is officially the beginning of
storm season around here when it first
starts warming up that's when tornado
season starts and we do have some
thunderstorms coming in these next few
days
I was actually just thinking that I want
to do some preparation for that like I
think we're gonna do a tornado drill as
a family just kind of running through
making sure that the kids know where to
go that we are aware of the sirens that
we have you know a bag down there with
you know water and food and you know
just kind of the essentials that we
would need in case of a storm so it's
crazy I can't believe us that time of
year again all right I'm gonna go get a
haircut and kill this coming along with
me you ready for the rain buddy yes yeah
let's do this we might have to run
it's rainy huh come on
like oh oh we made it
did you get all wet
so dinner tonight we're having Pizza Hut
and we got one bacon and one pineapple
and then we dip it in barbecue sauce
anyway here's my poll for the day what
do you personally think of pineapple on
pizza okay pull right up there let us
know because I think people have really
strong opinions about pineapple kids
what do you guys think I like pizza I do
too obviously as we ordered it but I
know a lot of people are really against
it sorry ring nose is really itchy and
you may see how handsome Jeremy looks
yeah is his haircut Caleb how'd it go
look it was on rainy I got on a sucker
it was a trap caleb is trying pineapple
pizza gross so Isaac planned this whole
lesson to teach us that we can be in
charge of our anger and he you know used
an object lesson where we tasted sour
and then sweet and talked about do we
want anger or happiness in our life or
do you want Sam it's gonna be sour
no response do you like it Laura and now
he drew steering wheels for each of us
that we're coloring with colored pencils
so that we can learn about how we are in
charge like we're at the steering wheel
of our own emotions love this I do not
help him and Jeremy do not help him with
this lesson at all he did this all on
his own I'm so impressed with him every
heart beats true the red line and we
play there's dead but a ghost or bread
but should auld acquaintance free so
tonight we're prepping for a family
talent show that we're doing tomorrow at
a Retirement Center in our area and
let's see Elise and Jeremy are singing
laura is going to be with them a little
bit Caleb's doing a headstand Isaac's
playing the piano I should come up with
a talent hmm I know one of your talents
what oh she just said being the best mom
in the whole wide world
I think somebody wants to stay up extra
early today
Oh
g'nite J house out Kessler has a crush
on me what do you think of that it's
crazy it's crazy
