Kesler has a crush on me what do you
think of that it's crazy it's crazy so
the kids were playing outside in the mud
yesterday but we need the shoes today
you should be careful look this is real
great yeah so they're doing some
construction down here at the Kansas
City Children's Museum so this morning
we came down to a science city which is
the children's science museum we came
because it's pi day
it's March 14th which is 314 which is
the number of the mathematical constant
pi 3.14 and so they're doing a bunch of
special stuff here at the Science Museum
today to see the keys
you want to touch this neat food so it
does smell like popcorn in here I love
that
you Maximian living in a spaceship we
feed you can float around so heavy seas
is that your crib Laura wants to sleep
up here the astronaut restroom always
fun
shall we begun so the kids are making
plans to grow up and the astronauts and
go to outer space together
how are you
how do you make purple light like a
giant
guys are making an island
what's nice about the membership is I
don't feel like we have to pack in
everything today there's so many awesome
exhibits here and we're only spending
the morning here so we're going to save
a bunch of them for next time with them
which will hopefully be really soon
because we really enjoyed
like you
so we're walking along and the kids are
kind of like running along and I said
stop and I said look up and they all
stopped and you know looked up at the
ceiling and Caleb said my mom and I said
because in life we don't want to rush
through it we want to stop and enjoy and
really see the beautiful things in life
that's my challenge for today guys look
up so Caleb just ran away from the
escalator he was nervous about it but
then we finally got him to be brave if
I'm on known okay bud okay when we get
to the bottom you just jump off okay
you're a good jumper you got this dude
ready set good one
all right it is gorgeous outside today
so I have declared outside school today
and we have our neighbor friend over
here with us
I guess learn anyway we are learning
about pie today and what we're going to
start by learning about perimeters in
general so first we're measuring the
perimeter with blocks
okay 19-point add 2015-16 then right so
now that the kids have gotten
comfortable learning about perimeters I
gave them an extra challenge I gave them
a plate to see if they can measure the
perimeter of the plate Oh Caleb does
that work very well yeah you do it like
that all right well you guys tried
really hard but do you think it exactly
got the circle no no Isaac what do we
need to use to get the circle hi what is
pie
how can measure yeah everybody figure
out the diameter of your circle what's
yours 15 so what are you going to do to
figure out the circumference what do you
multiply it by times Pavan I got it is
7.12 47 inches if you measured all the
way around is 47 inches all right Caleb
how big is your diameter yeah we'll put
the seven and then use the X to multiply
and then use the PI button down there
and I put equals
that's the number right there it's 22
all right let's figure out the
circumference --is of these glue two
foot so we need to do 24 times all right
let's do it
I'm so glad to be able to do school
outside and let the kids take a recess
and snack free first popsicle of this
season you okay
what's an evening a prank - I was the
second one she is out it's been two and
a half three hour now and that's longer
than she usually sleeps she is so tired
oh did you hear mama my name so Elise
just came in to tell me something Esther
has a crush on me
Kessler does how do you know that he
told me he told you what does that mean
I don't know what do you think it means
I think it means they want to marry you
when you grow up
really what do you think of that crazy
it's crazy how old are you Thanks that
seems a little too young for crushes do
you know who I have a crush on daddy I
do I have a crush on your daddy six is
good for friends alright thanks for
telling me I love you
the kids spent a lot of time to possibly
get through with the thing nor what do
you see in there wha oh cool it looks
like ice cream it's not ice cream what
is it
Oh Laura those are my eyes Oh gonna have
some pie for dinner let you what are you
saying whoo-hoo
so I tried to make a fun little snack
for the kids
bail did mommy burn our theme yeah it's
burnt well for pi day we obviously had
to eat pie so I made the chicken pot pie
here it is
turned out okay and I even been like a
little Greek letter pi in the middle of
it so I'm just getting home from work
and as a lawyer there's a lot of times
where people get angry and say mean
things and today was one of those days
where another attorney called and had a
lot of mean things to say
I think our character is maybe best
shown a lot of times on how we respond
to unfair accusations or being yelled at
and I'm glad that I have a job that
gives me a lot of practice with that and
I'm glad that I responded well today but
it is emotionally draining I come home
just wanting to play with my kids I
guess that will probably be the thing
that makes me feel the best
I think this was the main reason you
wanted to celebrate pi days the reason
for pi day fault this chocolate
Hershey's pie yes from the freezer
section is amazing but this smells even
better homemade apple pie
delicious Natalie you're awesome I'm
just in love with this weather and this
unite it's perfect and the kids are just
running around out here like I feel like
this is what childhood is made of is
just exploring and roaming and playing
pretend and when Jeremy and I were house
hunting we looked at 80 different houses
before we chose this one and what we
were holding out for was a really good
back we found it we're watching the moon
and sleeping oh very good have fun go
get your blanket and mat oh okay
goodnight - out so we are going to be
delivering an Oreo cookie challenge in a
bag to several of our friends
