hi guys we're doing the Oreo challenge
so we are going to be delivering an Oreo
cookie challenge in a bag to several of
our friends alright so we loaded up on
awesome Oreo flavors we have birthday
cake original cinnamon bun peanut butter
filled cupcake mint lemon and red velvet
have you guys had any of these kind of
Oreos before dough oh really
red you know here's my bath wheeler yeah
that easy
Thank You Caleb he knows when we can go
mindful in kissing Joey I'm eating
mustache but then normal ere we go okay
ready
say my velvet cinnamon roll I see you
know Oh minimun milk all right so a
little lower I just woke up from her nap
so we thought we'd give her a few
cookies and see what she thought of them
you want to try
what is it taste like snack tray
birthday cake I say birthday cake know
what we told you it's not birthday cake
what would be your second guess lemon
right velvet all right it is chocolate
cupcake alright so we are gonna do the
advanced version we have here a regular
original Oreo we have a reduced-fat Oreo
and we have a generic brand or a Walmart
brand mm-hmm
so we're gonna see if we can tell the
difference between these three let's do
it
Mme
Fabian at me what color is that one
Peppa oh it's green Astley yeah okay red
blue red velvet right the lemon lemon
how did you nailed it
I knew it at least you know what red
velvet tastes like so Jeremy yeah you
just have to kind of spin your plate
just make sure it's there is a
centerpiece I'm excited to try these
ones birthday cake um red velvet regular
do you smell up pace
what was it Caitlin birthday cake yeah
birthday birthday cake you guys nailed
it
that's true you know yellow mom ah oh oh
what pants yeah y-yeah huh no Eggman
regular oh I know what that one is
we're gonna go okay I think I got this
I'm feeling confident I'm not confident
so the normal one is in the middle left
is reduced fat and right is generic yes
okay let's see what I put so this must
be the reduced fat it must be the reduce
that one cuz this poor young woman or
not were you introduced fat all right
and I think I got this one right yeah an
original did you do the same thing
no I was so confident but apparently I'm
the reduced fat is the one I put as the
generic um and then the original Oreo is
what I put as reduce fat and I put the
off-brand as the one that was the
original then amen hey take off your
phone we'll look at it it's the moon boy
can you say for real
so I think that was your favorite of the
flavors lemon or cinnamon Caleb what was
your favorite you like the mint yes yeah
it's so good birthday cake one and the
cinnamon all right so I didn't even know
that there were so many flavors of Wario
and here's our question for the day
you could invent a flavor of Oreo what
flavor would you in bed my man princess
strawberry the cookies could be it
shaped like princesses and the frosting
could be strawberry flavored that's
really creative Caitlyn yeah me ideas um
yeah my bony lip um
Sal mmm how kind of sour would you do
Apple
I thought swedish fish flavor would be
good and I was thinking about it later
too a cinnamon like a red hot cinnamon
one I think would be really good
chocolate chip cookie dough Oreos do
they not have where the filling is like
a chocolate chip cookie dough whoa
that's a good idea
so we are going to be delivering an Oreo
cookie challenge in a bag to several of
our friends so we're putting some of
them in each bag so I just mixed them up
so they'd still be in a nice big
container and we're delivering them so
Isaac how are you feeling about dropping
off cookies the fruits are liked it I
recommend wrapping up fun especially
with some good friends okay do you want
any more
