so I have realized in life that I can be
good at things but I can't be good at
everything at the same time like
generally if there's a week that I have
really good meals at our house then
maybe the house isn't as clean as usual
or if it's a week of really awesome home
schooling then maybe we ate yeah and
maybe we ate simpler meals or something
like that so anyway this morning we have
friends coming this afternoon and I woke
up stressed about my house I was like oh
my gosh got to get this place clean but
then I realized something I realized
that I had two choices I could either
have a happy family or a clean house and
so I changed my focus because it's not
it wasn't worth it today and here's
what's funny I changed my focus and now
our house is actually getting really
clean and we've been happy and we've
been getting school then but yet I
haven't been able to get myself ready
for the day yet or vlog anything so you
know you win some you lose some but I
had to tell you guys we had to show you
right Calum we have to show you what
Caleb did today what did you do we ate a
book he read his very first book guys
all by himself how did it feel to read
your very first book okay were you
excited how many times have you read
this book now
Maxo so fun
next act on hmm
Sam this morning Isaac has been creating
maps like drawing them himself to make
his own atlas I thought that was a great
idea so here he's got one of Tennessee
and one of Georgia what do you think did
I really like them because there's max
on the back - right on the back you did
hacks and the flag so what you working
on now
opinions and opinion what are you gonna
write an opinion about if continue to
listen so do you think the kids should
do chores yes you do it's gonna go so
this afternoon we have a reading
specialist over here working with Elise
and I'm really excited about that I've
noticed from all the work that I've done
with her that she's just learning a very
different way than Isaac did and so I
wanted to have someone else assess her
and review the curriculum and things
that we're doing and help us find you
know what other ways we can do to help
her learn best so I'm excited to be
doing that and this reading specialist
is actually a friend of a friend so her
kids came over and it's a beautiful
afternoon so it's just you know backyard
fun
what are you guys building Isaac Fork
but the boys keep climbing higher and
higher today they're having so much fun
with it and like part of me is freaking
out and the other part of me is just
like cheering for them like this is what
childhood is made of you boys have a
fort so I'm standing on something to try
to get up to them to be able to see them
with the camera and I totally fell over
are you a little nervous are you gonna
be able to get down I don't want you I
want to drop down and crashing okay you
don't want to jump down how should you
get down okay
I'm gonna climb back down
so most days I cook with freezer meals
which means that I will make them on
days when I'm not too busy and then I
put them in the freezer and then eat
them during the regular weekdays when
life is crazy busy and I don't have time
to really make dinner but today I am
actually cooking a dinner at this moment
a real-life non freezer dinner there you
have it so to me tacos are all about the
toppings here's what we've got today
lettuce cucumber green pepper avocado
cilantro tomatoes and cheese YUM so one
thing I love about Kendra is that she is
regularly getting random things at the
store that we've never tried before to
encourage us and the kids to always be
trying new things so this week she
picked up golden berries or Cape
gooseberries I love that gooseberries
apparently they're a real thing they
have never tried them before it
describes them as tropical tangy sweet
treat who's gonna be the brain question
returning fire tubby had his hand up
first try gooseberry and tell us what it
tastes like the grape but it tastes more
like orange do you like it
as its kind of cell Mars going to town
on her talking over there to Salwa in
that visits our if you buying it kind of
like an orange return I don't know what
to say it's not my favorite kind of
berry if that's what it is I don't even
know what it is
was it a berry so it was sold next to
strawberry I do like it it has a ling to
it that's for sure but they said you can
put it in salads like i could see that
being good in this alley i liked it and
i always like trying to things i have
now had a gooseberry no more hmm
do you like it she keeps going she wants
more I think now that I've had one it's
not gonna be so surprising it's like a
little zesty orange thing but it has the
texture of it tomato kind of it does let
me join the inside a sour ca√±edo so the
question for today we're gonna do a poll
what's your favorite kind of berry
should we do grateful gooseberries yeah
yes it's movie night we've got our
cousins here we're watching inside out
we have actually not seen it yet I think
we're probably the last people on the
planet I've not seen it so we're excited
to watch so for a treat for the kids or
they watch a movie confirm eat s'mores
in a cup
thought that was a pretty good idea did
you like the movie oh yeah you ready to
go to bed this is what ridiculously
tired looks like adults do that
Oh
