there's two main reasons that we decided
to home-school our kids all right good
morning I am actually feeling a little
bit better today that my voice sounds
WAY worse it's funny how that happens
sometimes what letter are we gonna learn
next PC W Isaac you were doing so
awesome especially with my time does
that help you focus mm-hmm
let's see me cease making homemade
popcorn on the stove is always so fun I
just love the sounds of the popping and
watching it explode in there and it's
always especially fun at the end when
it's like going crazy like fireworks
I mean it's coming sesh cat boy you like
popcorn don't you I wish you could pour
it everywhere you'll need to buy a lot
of seeds and put it all around the floor
all around the country okay
who wants some popcorn big bag buddy has
a long shot
scratch flash flash flash screech crash
hey that bunny has pointy yellow teeth
so today we are painting and we don't
paint very often I think I get
intimidated by it or it sounds messy but
I really know it's important like I want
to let my kids have that creativity in
that sensory experience and so I found
on Pinterest the other day I saw this
like different way of painting and it
looked creative and fun and so that's
what we're doing today
oh that's beautiful sweetheart it's a
red flower no in the doctor so I'm the
princess and I have a pet horse so we've
been learning about this whole er system
lately so we've decided to do some solar
system or at work I'm gonna do a bug and
I am going to try painting away here
just well that was a big success I'm
excited to see him
so caleb is learning to do handstands in
the middle of the floor now it's awesome
dude can you stretch your feet up oh I
see that way I can stamp it onto the
floor good job holding on to the floor
good balance dude put those feet up high
yes now is awesome so today we are using
this learning activity to work on
learning about electricity so do you
guys know what electricity is it turns
on my wishes
it sure does so first of course we had
to learn about what is electricity what
is a circuit and we had to learn about
what is an atom what's an electron so
we've been covering that now we're gonna
learn about the parts that make up a
circuit and then we'll experiment with
building the project this is called a
whistle chip alright so we just made our
first circuit they see you want to push
the button okay calum your turn your
make him home for a minute and I love
that he likes to do the learning
activities with us because he jumped
right in everyone on your two
go what happened hmm look at the
instructions so I love doing these types
of learning activities with the kids I
learned so much about electricity and
our everyday devices work I understand
it in a way that I never understood it
before and that's just exciting and fun
to me I don't know if we've ever
mentioned why we homeschool and I just
have been thinking about it a lot today
because I've just been really enjoying
homeschooling today so there's lots of
good reasons to home-school there's lots
of great reasons to send your kids to
public school there's lots of great
reasons to send your kids to private
school like every family just has to
find what works for them and what works
for our family right now is
homeschooling and we really enjoy it
there's two main reasons that we decided
to home-school our kids the first one is
our educational philosophy we really
like to see our kids getting involved in
their learning we like them to be
hands-on learning investigating
discovering being creative playing and
we see a lot of value in that and then
having the ability to ask questions and
find answers and we just like being
involved in that process as a family
together
the second reason goes along with that
but we love the family culture of it we
love that we spend our days together
that the kids have time with their
siblings and time with us we love that
we have flexibility we can do what works
for our family schedule we can take
trips and we can you know go on and
adventures and just have that time
together you know life is short so we're
really grateful for this season to be
able to do this and anyway with
homeschooling we're kind of taking it
one year at a time last year we loved it
we have loved it this year we're
definitely doing it next year but we're
going to take it one year at a time when
it stops working for our family we'll
find a different route of Education that
works for our family you know kids are
only kids for a short time we want them
to have time to play and explore the
world around them
we feel like through our homeschooling
field trips and adventures and the time
that they have to explore and be kids
that they're able to really make the
most of that whatcha makin hand
Stromboli we're headed to the play
Cinderella tonight and so I have to have
dinner ready when we get back from our
activities lecture so we're making it
right now you didn't know we're going
tonight so I grew up doing theater and
every time I come to see a show I just
love it it's really fun or a niece and
nephew are both in the play and we're
really excited to see them in Cinderella
is just like a magical story it makes
one of my first play
syndra
she told me that was good I watched it
again
can you say good job
good night Jair Sam do you guys see that
Laura totally cut her hair
