oh my goodness do you guys see that
Laura totally cut her hair good why me
what are we eating for breakfast this
morning but I'm okay that's what you
wish
all right so for breakfast this morning
I'm doing cream of wheat this is one of
those cereals that my mom used to make
for me growing up and I've never done it
for my kids so I wanted to try it today
and see what they think
sounds gross it's a it's you're gonna
like it I bet
so I'm granny Joe used to make this for
us we would take toast and we would dip
it in the curry see it was really good
so much it's do you have any nostalgic
or favorite breakfast that is a little
unconventional and for us Cream of Wheat
the kids it's new for them it's not
something we normally do making a big ol
mess gimme the baby something senior
baby you got you have baby where's the
baby I know
time to turn on my pentatonix Pandora
channel and get the kids ready good
morning I am still not feeling awesome
and so I am making myself some herbal
tea this morning to try to help soothe
my throat Gia's like herbal tea I
actually don't like it very much but
when I'm sick like the hot miss on my
throat feels really good so I decided to
get dressed in the hopes that it would
make me feel better which it has I do
feel better like having my hair and
makeup and my clothes on you know it's
like alright let's get into the groove
of this day let's get stuff done
um but it doesn't take away the sick
feeling like inside I still just want to
go curl up in my bed and sleep so the
other day Elise made a stick figure like
literally out of sticks and then now
she's added a little baby to go with it
so I wanted to show you guys I thought
this was so creative is that the mommy
and then there's the stick baby you can
see she's got a little skirt with legs
and arms and a little head Lisa is so
creative are you gonna make next a dad
alright guys so we are doing leftovers
for lunch today it is surprising how
much food can compile in your fridge
from just a few days this is all food
that we need in the last three days so
sometimes with the leftovers I don't
like when tortillas get all soggy and we
had these enchiladas the other day and
so instead of just microwave and like Oh
warming up in the microwave but then I
boil it to give it that crispy goodness
as a leftover
what's the fingering for that gene my
finger skill bye
so Caleb just read his very first word
all by himself I'm so excited for him
he's been reading our names for a while
but that's just recognition like he's
not like sounding out words but he just
sounded out a word and then put it back
together and I'm so happy for him Caleb
what was your first word do bed it does
this is bed good read that's it
yeah good job I'm so proud of you buddy
hey no help yeah doing it all by
yourself so I know be it I'm gonna be a
storyteller when I grew up what stories
are you gonna tell like so that's a read
dad but a lot of people would like to
hear your stories I need to make up when
that says all these words okay you get
working mom ah yes
so Laura's napping and I hear her
doorknob and I walk around the corner
and she opens the door and she walks out
she goes I woke up and I'm like oh like
she's been climbing out of her crib and
sudden it it's the end of an era she can
open doorknob she can climb out of her
crib like ah so an awesome viewer named
Emily sent us the coolest activity and
I'm excited because we're finally doing
it today Kate she sent us the book Flat
Stanley which is about a little boy that
is flat and so he can like be sent in
the mail places so we've been reading a
book we're about two chapters in and I'm
going to read another one today while
the kids are coloring but she sent these
little people that the kids get to color
to be themselves and then on top of them
we printed out like their faces so
they're making little flat people of
themselves and then we're supposed to
put it in this envelope and send it to
her and apparently they're going to go
on a big adventure with her and
and then she'll send it back to us and
tell us about what our little flat
people did with her in Kentucky so I'm
really excited thank you so much Emily
the kids have already been loving the
book
I'm never heed that they lead to my kids
when I grow up that's awesome it's a
good book it's a classic it's been
around for a while Lise how's yours
coming along she wanted to make it into
a dress I like the purple Laura how's
yours doing
Matros yeah yeah your baby is so pretty
I mean a real old chapter or try to with
Laura around usually we do our read
Aloud's and Laura's not a week so no
llores that not on the table
hey let's wipe that off awesome
Caleb wanted his to be ready for work
here's his head shall we glue it on
mm-hm
no fun see ya I face that's a great face
flat Caleb and flat Isaac where you guys
headed that's a good-looking family look
at that
didn't they turn out so fun oh my
goodness did you guys see that
Laura totally cut her hair look at this
Laura honey sweetie we don't use
scissors on our hair
no we don't cut our hair real quick no
Laura Laura only mommies and daddies or
hairdressers cut hair so I have little
preschool safety scissors but they don't
cut at all and it drives my kids
absolutely crazy so I have these really
dull round tipped ones and she was
cutting on the cardstock as you can see
she just likes to cut like this and yeah
she decided to cut her hair well I'm
feeling absolutely terrible that Laura
cut her own hair it's it's funny with
our first child it was so easy to keep
markers and pens and scissors and
everything away from them but with
further children it's so hard to keep
them away from them because the other
big kids are using them anyway I don't
know if that makes sense
but um I think her hair is going to
recover it's only a small piece and you
know hair grows hair grows but she did
get to help clean up the mess and put
away the scissors and she also cleaned
up her mess earlier with the marker on
the table so we're trying to teach her
she's just - she's a toddler this is the
way it goes just all done
so I'm coming down to Jeremy's office
tonight we have a meeting once a week
where we meet and discuss things and I
get to come to his office and I love
being in his office like it's just a
really cool building and I'm sorry I'm
dying um which is fun to see him in his
element you ready okay yeah I really
like sunsets that's beautiful
just your outfit so cute
so mom needed us to pick up a few things
before we come home good job
so after Elyse and I picked up all the
groceries I realized that I didn't have
my wallet with me so I'm now heading
home we did my wallet and then to come
back in to pick out of the groceries I
got my costume okay yeah how are you dad
should love you oh it's mom home already
let's go eat dinner so one of our
friends invited us to a dessert
challenge competition they have it set
up as a rotation where if you win the
challenge you're invited the next month
and they like keep this going which is
just a great idea that's really fun
there's even a trophy so we've been
brainstorming created dessert ideas that
we might use and it's been pretty we mmm
here's Caleb's idea so it's in my
thurible he's had a lot of ideas this is
my third idea yep what is it so first
you feel like you go on the bottom and
then you melt the ice and put no you
break the ice you put chocolate in it
singing it wait what do you put in it
singing 'cimmanon yeah 'cimmanon kendra
has a great idea i think it's a pretty
good idea all right this was inspired
from our dessert that we made the other
night you take a cake pan and you make
chocolate chip cookie dough you put
chocolate chip cookie dough down then a
layer of Oreos then another layer of
chocolate chip cookie dough and bake it
so it becomes a chocolate chip cookie
with Oreos in the middle then you do the
same thing to a pan with brownies so you
make the brownies Oreos brownies again
bake it then you take those two things
sandwich them together with ice cream in
the middle freeze them then when you
serve it you take a can of hot fudge
warm it up pour it over the top throw
some whipped cream and put a cherry on
top so if you guys ever invented a
dessert or a food what a snow in the
comments all right well we hope you guys
have a wonderful night thanks for
watching yeah but yeah thank you very
much buddy
thank you we'll see you later say
goodbye bye bye hey he's delivering my
mail yeah he sure is
- Geico
