yellow yellow cats elephant breakfast
three dance
oops yellow shoes blue shoes oops
okay Murr look awesome ass shoes those
are your shoes did you put those on
Laura ah did you put them on all by
yourself you did it downstairs Laura on
her own went downstairs and found her
shoes and put them on all by herself
today like she came up with her shoes on
and I was like what in the world so I
asked the other kids if they helped her
and they all said they didn't help her
and she said I did it myself thank you
bringing me my keys so anyway nothing
that's so sweet my little babies growing
up drunk go to gymnastics and me hi jack
you want to hold the purse all right
let's go all right well this morning I
am taking the kids to an open gym
they're gonna run around and play and
get to try out all the gymnastic stuff
whoa
are you jumping you and I do our
cartwheels in the same way we're gonna
have to practice it
oh you look ready
Wow
oh you can do it
yeah you're going on the slide is that
fun
whoa way to go but what
that was a blip
good job buddy
Caleb you're a good climber you have 84
hands this is like a chicken salad and
do you like it mm-hmm
yeah I love it you guys all like it so
what I did is I took just canned chicken
and I mixed it with Greek yogurt and
some ranch seasoning and so it's just
plain Greek yogurt ranch seasoning and
chicken on crackers with strawberries
peppers and some spinach so that's for
lunch today
I recommend it you like anything yeah
you too so at least it's designing an
awesome house today because you she's
got the kitchen has a fireplace in it
which that's just sweet refrigerator
there's the bedroom there's some nice
windows so I think is making dessert for
us all on his own tonight Isaac what are
you making for dessert brownies with
Oreos mmm that sounds delicious so I was
watching Isaac pour the brownie batter
into the pan and I was like mmm that
looks a little different and so I
checked the ingredients list and he put
in one cup of water instead of 1/4 of a
cup of water so we're trying again but
that happens when you're learning to
cook and I'm so glad he's learning to
pay close attention to recipes and he's
planning to wash his hands and keep them
clean and like you learned so much from
cooking Isaac how did you feel when you
found out that it was only 1/4 of a cup
of water pretty had and like as a bad
cook but now I guess it's normal
why is it normal because all people make
mistake sure he's okay doing so for at
least two weeks I've been stressing
about a hearing that I had today there
were tons of motions that I made and I
wasn't sure how it was going to work out
but the judge ruled in my favor on
everything and that feels so good like
it's such a weight lifted so I'm going
to relax until my important hearing
tomorrow that I'm stressed about so
yesterday is that you're playing
basketball with Isaac and
he shot it from here and made it went
right through the net it was incredible
alright so for dinner tonight we are
having black bean and spinach and
shimada's it's a new freezer meal that I
haven't tried before and we're really
liking it's really delicious
all right last you like rice that's a
true statement and a change something
you she killed with the pink fork oh and
me with the blue for what that's what
you eat as I drunk out of this one and
kill drunk out of this look at lunchtime
I drunk out of that one and at lunch cab
killed chocolate we all mixed up
what a mess you guys see that there's an
Oreo in our brownie
not just any Oreo I know it's a birthday
cake one this one's up peanut butter one
Isaac made these I did this yeah nice
and I'm eating paper are not stolen do
you guys see that that tooth it's coming
up how are you feeling about having a
big tooth companies don't like sad it
was funny we were sitting there talking
about brushing our teeth really well and
she goes but mom I have one tooth that's
really hard to brush and I said which
tooth and she goes and she points her
she's like that one I'm like where did
that come from
yeah very excited how do you say excited
about it because I've been waiting and
waiting and waiting and I've been
telling mom whenever I can have in these
days whenever I can have whatever are
the way three years sound moves to for a
big I'm kind of bummed huh it's gonna
come buddy it's just gonna take a little
bit longer okay it's good it's gonna be
enjoying seven or eight nine maybe
fifteen know if he is too old maybe 44
is too
but you get all your roll-ups goodnight
Jay house out
