I decided to spend some one-on-one time
with Caleb this morning building stuff
want to go build stuff
no dad help he pretty much did it though
a little more than whoa you built that
and you can help
alright so Jeremy and I have a big chore
on our Saturday list today and it is
cleaning our master bathroom and master
closet and it is terrible it's a little
embarrassed it is totally embarrassing
look look look how it variances
life happens and we get behind in this
area like in our bathroom and in our
closet we were just dumping some stuff
in there and it's time to make things
right it is it is so doin your closet
this is the before we're going to use
this as a before motivation so we have
to clean it so we can show you a clean
after this is just terrible
we have like boxes I know you know part
of it was when I did the Valentine's
thing I brought a lot of stuff out of
our room and just dumped it in here I
think part of it is that whenever people
come over or like whenever I'm kind of
like cleaning with the kids in the
middle of the day like we focus on the
main areas of the house and the closets
kind of get forgotten so we're gonna
work on this ready
it feels so good to have the closet
cling unfortunately we really just moved
everything out to here so now we get a
really deal with putting everything in
the right spot
Wow your kitty uh-huh your sleepy kitty
sleepy kitty take nap oh you might be
yeah let's get you binky ticking
well I love that the whole neighborhood
is playing in our backyard it's fun that
they get to just all be running around
playing together out there it does make
me wish for like something else for the
kids to do in our backyard like we've
got the trees and the grass and the
balls but I would love to have either a
trampoline or a playset okay I'm going
to put a pull up here and vote which one
do you think our kids would enjoy most
did you get it those are called wind
chimes apparently they're playing camp
today
I love how every day they come up with
something new to do out here
Caleb where's your 10 your 10 it's fun
wrote C Marshall
how're you doing got another batch LoZ
about to tell a spooky story you guys
right once upon time there there was
this white sand how big is this couple
well Jeremy has been making fun of me I
think I've been on a bit of a cleaning
high it just feels so good to have my
closet clean that I've just been extra
happy and giddy and I'm just really
excited about it anyway we're coming out
on a date night tonight that I love and
I've been waiting and leading to be able
to do this date night we had to wait for
good weather so neither Jeremy or I are
really tennis players Jeremy actually
played collegiate level racquetball oh
it's a national tournament we did pretty
good third in the nation it's true so it
is just funny because it's racquetball
and it's like wait a bouncy ball game is
a collegiate sport well yes it is but it
includes a racquet so he's way better at
tennis than I am but he's nice and plays
with me very nicely but this is my
question for you guys what is your
favorite sport personally I am terrible
at all sports but I love a lot of them
so I don't even know what I would say to
everybody thinks my favorite sport
weddings not my favorite sport I love
swimming um I like soccer I like tennis
so career let's play some tennis
nice okay so when you're really bad at
tennis you get a lot of exercise which
is really nice
oh that wasn't bad
this is a nice little volley
so I think one of the things I like more
about racquetball than tennis is that
you can't hit the ball over the fence
Kendra just hit a home run and she was
like yes home run she hit it pretty hard
don't you get like extra points for that
yeah like 6 points but then I have to
try again see if I can make the extra
point in the you know Oh cake the the
pill okay
we're drinking all the sports together
we played for a long time guys the Sun
is going down and it is some nice we
were able to just chat and it felt good
to be active and healthy and now we're
gonna go I try a lot of times on date
night we end up at Walmart because we
need stuff but tonight we planned on
coming here for gaming because we need a
lot of yeah so Kendra is setting a timer
on kind of timer on my phone because I
come in here we get sucked in and then
we come out forever later and so I'm
trying to best so we'll see how that
goes
the timer went off a long time ago right
now we're in like Laura's clothing
section we got stuck in the makeup
section for a while we are buying more
asunder we think she's getting ready for
her potty trick oh we know she's ready
to potty train we're gonna wait until
after we get home from our trip so in
like two or three weeks we'll get
started
anything more would love this so we're
at the store getting a few things that
we need for a challenge that we're gonna
try to film next week and we don't want
to tell you guys what challenge it is
because we just want to keep that kind
of a secret so we're not going to tell
you but if you have any guesses you can
let us know in the comments below and
I'm really excited because we haven't
filmed a challenge in a while and this
is going to be fun
jerry has out it's a real cool program
we pick up food and we tickets people
who are needing food Oh Caleb what are
your thoughts about taking food to
people who don't have enough food if
they if people don't have three bills
they'll die to death
