exhausting probably too tired to push
they were limping and somebody what do
you make it oh you're making so where is
it wait where are you gonna bake Italy
see so today our family is doing a route
for meals on wheels it's a real cool
program we pick up food and we take its
people who are needing food Oh Caleb
what are your thoughts about taking food
to people who don't have enough food
it's made if people don't have to
details
they'll die to death we don't want
people dying to death what so at least
what do you think about taking food to
people today what because my fingers
helping 484 ah
okay well I'm sure we can find other
people who need some help too
it's so interesting because when I first
told Isaac and Caleb that we were going
to go and do this they didn't want to
leave they were kind of complaining
about it they were having fun playing
with their play-doh and their friends
but I find that every time once you
actually get out and start helping
people you want to do it more and you
love it and that's been this situation
every time with our kids I always think
that the bank tube system is really cool
like it's just so fun to send them my
information through a tube we're
stopping by the bank because I never
carry cash with me and we always need to
pay babysitter's and so I'm just
grabbing a bunch of different bills
three yeah I was a little too excited
about that here it comes you guys sure
hey you guys they added a little treat
in here for you too suckers so for lunch
today I'm doing something different I
roasted like oven roasted the
cauliflower and the Brock name put just
a little bit of cheese over and the kids
turns out really like oven roasted
vegetables that's a good thing
Caleb what is that it's a note for mom
who made it you did that yeah
I'm gonna make another one I can't want
to play one for dad oh I know you want
to write notes to everybody yeah that
was really sweet of you buddy
thank you so it says Caleb oh dear mom I
love pie
okay well Elise made these adorable
muffin cupcakes and she frosted them all
by ourselves but the sprinkles on and
you cleaned up
that's amazing always how old are you
six
I'm really proud of you should we take
those to your friends we're all gonna
eat together okay on our playdate while
Elise was making us she did burn herself
it hurried uh I was finishing right away
so I could put some cold water on yeah
you're being brave that's part of
cooking we make little burns like that
these are one my second rows cooking
yeah when we now it's five yeah I do
think you're learning how to cook mm-hmm
what do you think you're learning um how
do not get burned yeah what's the secret
to not getting burns try to fit your
hand farther away yeah that's a good tip
okay Oh Laura's ready to look at Laura
she's ready
so the playdate did not actually go very
well today this is an awesome family we
know that we've hung out with them a
bunch of times but there was something
about today like the kids were just not
getting along so after a little bit I
just was like okay we're done and I
packed up the kids and brought him home
and Caleb actually had to go to timeout
for some of his behavior
so I go into his room and I hold him on
my lap and he's crying and he says mom
it's just so hard and I said what's so
hard and he said it's so hard to learn
to be respectful and kind and I just
thought that was a really good reminder
for me sometimes it's easy for me to
lose my patience me like oh my goodness
this is not so complicated like just
obey your mother just be nice to others
but you know we all have to learn that
and so he's learning it and it sometimes
is a painful process gonna go oh my why
do you feel like that
I'm starving today you're starving to
death
yeah or are you tired oh do you look
tired boom should we make you some
dinner and put you to bed
no don't think that sprayed away just
give me some just in the Oh five
pancakes
ten ten pancakes yep all right Caleb
wants ten pancakes and buddy did you
know that I'm proud of you
I love you Lucchese playing oh you need
macaroni and cheese right now okay the
kids are hungry time for dinner so what
do you got there
oh very good the dentist is gonna be
very happy I just blow that did you make
a bubble it's like a little ball for the
pricks or singing
little princess ball do you guys hear
the birds do you hear the birdies listen
to nature
oh look Cardinals are dancing around in
our little forest oh oh wha wha what are
you doing oh the sitting what are you
guys watching good night
Jay ha snap Oh first thing
I'm so sorry buddy Oh what are you
sharing with him that's so nice
