we're picking in the u.s. our next
president and we'd love to hear who
you're rooting for all right well as one
of those morning's where I got to head
off to work and these little kiddos make
me want to just stay home New Deal
bridge is and I gotta work and I'm going
to work with you you want to come
all right it's a new month so we are in
our March worksheets miss Laura where
are you going and I need you going to
your ballerina class all right have fun
bye I'm going to the butter to color
where are you going hard to cover these
kids have big bands today we're at so
apparently today is dr. Seuss's birthday
I didn't know but I've got a friend who
really loves dr. Seuss and she contacted
me and said hey can I come do some dr.
Seuss learning activities with your kids
and I said yes yes you can the answer to
that question is always yeah he's got
thing 1 and thing 2 and what are you
great thank you
there's your eggs there's your hand
that's awesome one foot on blue very
good yeah you can do it lazy Oh
how about I get this off you spread you
spread it out on the table here we go
what we you have five things on top of
your head oh my goodness doesn't things
like ha on top of your head and you
balanced it way to go oh so my awesome
friend Stacy is here this morning and
what we're doing is we're reading a dr.
Seuss book and then doing an activity
related to that so we just read the book
ten apples up on top so we're balancing
things on top of our heads we read the
foot book and then we play twister we
read the ABC book and then we like wrote
letters on the table so this is just
awesome
what he's going strong oh oh my goodness
all right it's my turn the record is
seven things on your head he can go like
it be mr. Brown can buzz can you do that
good job good job
I've anything like that and that's when
he goes stop
don't hop I pop go Park it up
all right lacy what do you think thank
you
doesn't look yucky so I have never tried
making green eggs and ham before and
this does look a little gross like green
eggs what do you think oh that's not me
do you think that's gonna be nummy what
are they gonna do Lisi turn into a shape
what's it gonna be you don't know yet Oh
Lucy what'd you get what is it one fish
two fish red bitter some red fish yes
did you miss fish Oh kicks turn good job
slop slop beautiful schlopp beautiful
schlopp with a cherry on top all right
so this is my awesome friend Stacy May
she is and she was like Mary Poppins
today she came with her big like bags of
Awesomeness and we've had so much fun
what do you guys say to say see
to you I just love dr. Seuss and I'm
grateful I was able to share with
someone
thank you what do you think lease that
is good it's yummy do you like it
well no yeah have you tried it yet give
up Jessica who's Laura you got to eat
one more bite before you have any
dessert okay she did a little bit of
encouragement oh she would add she yep
this fuller's she's like they clap and
cheer in the nice banana
how's it taste
Oh so our table smells so much like old
man apparently they use shaving cream on
the table and it's like an Old Spice
smell it's amazing how smells can take
you back to memories or make you think
of people and anyway that's what's
happening for me right now so I decided
to make some green aids in him breakfast
tacos check it out
Yomi
well we had an awesome and busy morning
and so we're having just a really
low-key afternoon um all the kids did
their reading time and now Isaac is on
the computer doing his typing program
Caleb's having some iPad time with some
educational apps and Elyse is sitting
here in the kitchen with me working on
some reading games she's spelling out
the words I try to do that when the
mornings are busy I tried to make the
afternoons laid-back if the afternoons
gonna be laid-back I try to just have a
calmer morning I find that just helps us
all emotionally not get kind of burnt
out into exhausted during the day so
Caleb and I are sitting here coloring
dr. Seuss coloring pages and then what
happened Caleb I was like so he was
pulling the cap off of his marker and
his marker went back and it got me in
the forehead or at least he says I
haven't seen yet is there marker on my
head right yeah it's right there
apparently there's marker on my head
Oh Isaac ones in network today people
were talking about the election and if
you're not familiar we're picking in the
u.s. our next president and I thought it
would be so interesting to see what our
viewers think so I was going to do a
quick poll list the top five candidates
right now and we'd love to hear who
you're rooting for it's a big deal this
year we're going to be teaching our kids
about the election process and what the
president does and what issues are
important we're not going to be talking
on the vlog about our specific political
views but we thought it would be fun to
see in general who you guys are rooting
for so this afternoon it's been crazy
there's helicopters that have been
flying over Kansas City and one of the
schools where we have friends that go
there had to actually do a lockdown
because an incident happened near the
school where the cops are chasing some
criminal and that's just scary and even
our kids they go to school one day a
week and they did an intruder drill
where the kids practice what to do in
case a crazy gunman comes into the
school it's just crazy that stuff like
that happens and it kind of hits too
close to home sometime Isaac has been
obsessed with this game the way it works
as it gives you a city and then you have
to pick which country that city is the
capital for I love that Isaac is finding
these fun educational games that are so
competitive and challenging but he's
learning I'll return address okay you
live competitive stuff so they even have
a board over here at the top times for
the whole day I've gotten mom did it
last night right yeah I've gotten first
place on today's top scores which with
one for the state's under yeah awesome
thanks for watching Jay house ow
