my pizza it's able skeevers yeah Pete
say Abel skeevers all right apparently
we're having pizza for breakfast
Laura how's your pizza hmm see angles
Eber oh that's pretty good so I was
working with Elise on something and I
noticed Laura was missing I mean she'd
been missing for all of like five or ten
seconds and look where I found her Laura
what did you do you're hiding that's one
of our non washable dry erase markers I
found her hiding behind the door
coloring ah right cleaning it off oh
good it's coming off oh my goodness I
did not think that was gonna come off
thankee Nica you're cleaning this dang
all right well I ended up being a mean
mom this morning the kids were not
behaving well while we were getting
ready to go and they were dragging their
feet and teasing and fighting and
complaining and they wouldn't get their
chores done and they knew we were going
somewhere fun so I'm like come on guys
let's go anyway by the time we were
finally ready to go we were running late
and so Jeremy and I were like why would
we take you guys somewhere fun when
you're not behaving appropriately and so
we decided to stay home and you know it
feels like almost more of a punishment
to Jeremy night like we don't get to go
take the kids to do something fun if we
have to stay home and give them
consequences
their behavior and it's hard like it'd
be much easier to just keep going with
our day and ignore it but we can't do
that because we want to raise children
that know how to behave at least that's
the effort that's the hope that's the
dream sometimes I'm immune mom today
didn't go and now we're just staying
home and just getting schoolwork done
and I'm especially bummed I love lead
day like we had really fun plans for
today but what are you doing yes you are
doing a headstand you're doing a head
sit on my body yeah can you do it
without my body yeah show me what what
what what my hands I just push myself up
how do you balance it well good job
you're still standing up you're still
going
would you make is that a smoothie so for
lunch today the kids are having salads
global package grown-up sounds what's a
grown-up salad I will chop a lot of good
things together like all right dealing
we can't understand you because you're
talking with your mouth full okay what's
a grown-up salad
so you like put broccoli and carriage
yeah is really yeah I'm glad you like it
buddy I'm really grateful that our kids
aren't picky eaters I know they have
they're picking moments but overall
they'll eat pretty much anything and I'm
really really grateful for that it's
kind of a proud mommy moment to see them
eating so healthy and being happy about
it in the comic book um what what kind
of favorite foods
do you like my favorite breakfast maybe
a salad yeah do you want to know what
they like in their salads or you wanna
know what their favorite food is
favorite food okay all right
so Elise is using this math manipulative
today and the assignment that I gave her
was to put them in stacks of five and
then she's going to be counting by five
and she did that for a while and we were
doing stuff and then I left and I came
back and look what she was doing what
are you doing routine playing house tell
me about this what's this um dad mom
older sister older brother the baby so
that's the family and where do they live
and oh you designed this as a house well
that's really creative this is the
bathroom and if we push one of these
things um it comes to a shower or a
bathroom
whichever one you need uh and this is
where you wash your hands and this is
all the family's bedrooms I just love
the creativity of kids like I would have
never thought of playing house with this
toy like this math manipulative but I'm
glad that she does like that makes me
really happy
hi Daddy oh no this is Laura what it's
you daddy
Oh daddy
mistake ah you circle you circle um okay
three legs
Jerry's bagel grin on his face I'm like
you're such a big kid like he's just so
happy to have a little Isaac to be
playing ball with it's so fun Isaac is
running through all of the toy equipment
and we're trying to avoid the other
people having fun but we're hey who are
you talking to oh that's cool beans
can we go wow do you like eating Panda
Express
so we came in different cars boys pretty
excited that mama got here all right
Laura is figuring out chopsticks she's
pretty much an expert already just
wanted to try chopsticks so once we got
them for somebody now ever
comment
you pretty much got it yeah what you go
like this
there you go you're trying the
two-handed method now they so me I just
sit with a fork it's just the more
effective way for me to get the food
into my mouth the least upgraded from
wooden chopsticks to fork chopsticks she
had smarted the system so we're having a
little family lesson and mom is
demonstrating what the lesson topic is
about tonight
mom had the brilliant idea of letting
each of the children try to do it calm
and try to do it overreacting so that
should be fun yeah I think it's time for
bed you can probably have one more
minute that's fine and then it's gonna
be bedtime okay but hey I think it's
time to get ready for bed I know but we
have to get ready for bed at night okay
which one got you a better at staying
calm or overreacting thanks honey better
results really stay calm
dad's turn so tonight Elise and Kendra
had an important discussion at least
came to Kendra about something about how
she was feeling about herself and from
their discussion we decided to make that
a separate video all on its own it's a
bonus video you can get a link to the
iCard or in the description box
anyway we appreciate you watching our
family and our vlogs if you want to get
notified when our videos come out you
can subscribe to our Channel J house app
and what
that you came in for me um that me I
look fat that just break your heart
