plane and a car and I really okay okay
let's see it yeah okay we won't be
looking okay let's see it what happened
that plane disappeared can you make it
reappear good morning we are trying to
have a productive Saturday today like I
want to get a whole bunch of stuff done
but it's funny how impossibly hard that
can be sometimes sometimes I feel as a
mom like I'm walking through quicksand
like it's like I'm drawing to a call or
something
but Jeremy and I both are successfully
in our gym clothes were headed to the
gym this morning and I'm excited to work
out and we'll see where the day goes
from there
so we're gassing up right now for 72
cents a gallon we have like a gas
discount card through our local grocery
store and so we've been accruing our
discounts there and so it's just really
fun like I think the actual price is
what is it a dollar fifty four but still
a dollar fifty forty gallon like I
remember one it was like three something
a gallon yeah it was crazy so Jeremy was
just saying like we need to remember to
be grateful for the gas prices being low
because that was high we complained
about it like every day we're like
different us prices so now we need to be
like really grateful every day like yay
good guys Rises you don't look too
excited about the gas Kayla you all
right dude
a peanut butter and jelly sandwich
you need some goldfish crackers you need
a snuggle fest so we just cast up for
$12 whole the van was empty
yes we should go somewhere and then gas
up again don't forget to buckle your
seat belt dad and I tried it last night
it was really good these are
freeze-dried and dehydrating and it's
literally just vegetables but they taste
like crunchy and nutty I'll have to eat
up men you want to try all the different
kinds that they all taste different so
what is dehydrated so we got dehydrated
freeze dried raspberries as well and I
think we're gonna try to do great
forever in with them because why not
that it's pretty out today it never
happened three absolutely that was a
good one Ben
oh yes we have tried dried raspberries
before do you like us yeah I'm well yeah
well let's pick you more of those I am
grateful that it's date night tonight I
always loved
why don't you say I have no idea I'm
grateful I think she always says I'm
grateful for raspberries
no strawberry Eastern no they're a
little bit tart I am grateful that we
have friends that we can play with Sammy
knows what his little fingers I'm
grateful for all of the people who have
advanced science over these last several
hundred years the advances we made are
incredible with technology in the star
study in medicine like not to mention
like technology yeah we we've had so
many advances in technology and sciences
that was deep your deep so Isaac
look at this hair it's not gonna get cut
why are we not gonna cut it
you can't they love volunteers very for
Mohawks but you could just buds down
here all right so I'm gonna try to make
some homemade ranch well by homemade I
mean with a packet so the packet says to
mix it with mayonnaise or I've seen that
where he makes it with sour cream but
I'm wanting to try it with this is plain
Greek yogurt German egg made homemade
ranch out of cottage cheese before -
yeah that was really good I just didn't
last as long okay so we have some
friends today that are auditioning to be
on family feud I think that sounds fun
the auditions are here in Kansas City
but you have to have drivers we don't
have enough family
firstly need to put them up in it it
takes you good but now that he'd put
milk and in that struggle and then I
sneeze okay I'm so grateful we have
awesome neighbor friends and so the kids
are just enjoying the pretty weather and
we're running around outside today
they're not only playing groom hockey or
whatever that game is called but it's
also a form of the mini Olympics and so
our friend in LA is representing Italy I
think and I think is representing Japan
and they're gonna do all sorts of
different events I love the kids
creativity and I love it when it's warm
out hey Liv what are you guys doing out
here
somebody just loved that I think she's
so cute and she just meets up who's
there your hiccups do have the hiccups
so Laura was playing outside and she
comes in all distress and climbs on my
lap and I'm like what's the matter
sweetheart and she goes hiccups my mouth
she's just like so bothered about her
little hiccups there in your teeth late
hacked ups you know hide your hiccups
are so hard
Oh sweetheart I'm so sorry oh you can
get into my stuff well it's Saturday
night date night again and we are right
by the restaurant that caught on fire
last week when we were eating there so
like it's open we're going somewhere
else for dinner tonight but it's open
again we're glad it's doing okay so when
we came down to the plaza tonight I told
Jeremy I didn't care where we ate as
long as I felt healthy at the end of it
like I just wanted to you know not like
eat out with like a burger fries so we
found a healthy cafe that's what it's
called yeah it was called the help cafe
and it's good anyway there's this suing
in here so we're sitting here enjoying
singing okay perfect
all right here's our meals I like the
setup here they have like a whole couch
section you can sit on that so I love
healthy food my only concern is I hope
work full if not what do Cheesecake
Factory and get dessert or go and get a
burger somewhere to drive through please
so Kendra is looking at the Cheesecake
Factory which is just across the street
and she looked up on her phone how many
calories were in one slice of her
favorite kind of cheesecake and I think
it had more calories than both of our
meals that we just drew which calories
isn't everything but I'm just trying to
eat weren't okay yeah the cheesecake
ones has the healthy good calories
so I talked him into stopping in a store
with me we're at H and n right so I
found two that I like and I'm trying to
decide what do you guys think which one
should I get
it's always fun to be the guy shopping
with a girl there's other guys who are
also walking around holding women's
clothing and waiting outside the fitting
room there's kind of an understanding
between important it is it's important a
couple days ago Kendra took the kids to
our peel box and they opened up some
mail and packages from you thank you for
all of that
we made a bonus video that you can get
to either through the iCard or a link in
the description below it's a bonus video
that you can't find it in our normal
publications but you can link to it so
check it out can you say J house out
