oh my gosh I just almost depart you're
making food oh you're working for the
party too
good job getting ready so these two were
driving me a little bit crazy this
morning and so I got out something
different and fun for him to play with
that they haven't played with for a
while and it's working
they're much calmer and more focused
Isaac and Elise are teaching Caleb the
month of the year song let's see it guys
van baby fender Thank You Jana so today
all of our activities are centered
around February and leaping Kelly oh
that was a good one
all right now I ready I'll go back to
the mind go back to the line
okay use two feet and jump ready set go
oh good job girl oh oh so now I have
challenged each child to beat their own
record with their second jumps this
second one is Isaac's right there that's
what he's trying to beat you sure can
good job what good work buddy boy
all right so now we're measuring the
distances whoa very good
nice jump here she goes
jump so Lucy what do you think meat day
is about I don't know you don't know
what do you think Isaac there's an extra
day of the year
an extra day yeah what is the extra day
so here's the way it works you're the
Sun this is the Sun and this is going to
be the earth the Earth spins while it's
moving around the Sun how many days does
it take the earth to move all the way
around the Sun to me 366 days
oh this year it does what is it usually
Isaac sixty-five 365 so usually takes
365 and a quarter days we needed a
little bit of a more stationary time for
this so it takes nine hundred and sixty
five and a quarter days and so what we
do is we add up those fourths and what
does four fourths equal okay today goes
a whole day and so in 2013 how many days
did we have Mary re5 and in 2014 one of
these do we have 300 and in 2015 how
many do we have guess what make you
react this year we get an extra day so
if I live for 80 years in my life and I
would not meet add up 365 I'd add up
365.25 that's so good that would show me
how much days I'd be alive if I didn't
get 360 lat
absolutely Earth a lot of years I love
leap day and I love it because it's an
extra day I feel like all the time I'm
like oh this is just going by too
quickly like I wish I had more time I
wish I had
more time and every four years we get an
extra day people like this awesome
aren't so excited about it like it's an
extra day too and get stuff done or it's
an extra day to be with your family like
I get an extra day with two-year-old
Laura anyway we have big plans for leap
day on Monday but here's the question
for today I want to know what you guys
would do with an extra day if you were
given an extra day in your life what
would you do with it so if you had an
extra day what would you do
stay right for more games you'd stay
alive for more days whoa
that might be a bit of a challenge no
what would you do with it Caleb like
what would be soul
what would you want to do with extra
time in your life get more money your
mommy
Oh what do you want money for listen
nothing more money for more stuff or
fence check what kind of fun stuff do
you want like an amazing play yeah so
you want to go do more fun stuff well
that's what Caleb would do yeah
wish you luck goodbye
be buggin wow that is get me burping on
your blog enchiladas all right Isaac
what would you do with an extra day of
life I would play football watch
football and going football websites
what's dad what would you do with an
extra day this is yeah this is it you
wrote it down all right at least wrote
this all by herself
so Jeremy and I have been trying and
trying to figure out what we're going to
do for February 29th and I was thinking
like what in the world could possibly be
epic enough to be a cool enough activity
to do for an extra day of life and then
I was like a journey we should ask the
kids what they want to do and so here
they have written down what they would
want to do with an extra day of their
life and I'm just so touched by it like
Isaac wants to play football with his
dad Elyse wants to color with her mom
and dad and watch a movie like it
doesn't need to be some crazy awesome
adventure it's the little stuff that
makes the difference and isn't that so
true about life okay now I'm getting
deep but it's true it really is true
that like it's the little things in life
sweet for thought oh my gosh I just
almost had a car and it's her own car oh
my heart is beating so fast right now so
I got in the car like all the kids are
being crazy Caleb's not Caleb Isaac is
playing this super annoying game where
he repeats everything that everybody
says and tries to drive everybody crazy
so anyway we're all finally in the car
and I just put the car in reverse and I
start backing up and our little car that
Jeremy usually parks all the way over on
the other side of the driveway is right
behind me and I remembered and slammed
on the brakes and we were like this
close
my goodness so Jeremy's car is right
behind me
I was like right there I can't imagine
how frustrating and expensive and
embarrassing that would be to hit one
car with my other car like they both
belong to us ah okay so I have done a
lot today but the hardest thing that I
have done today is get all four kids of
mine into the car at the same time like
I swear leaving the house is impossible
so over at my friend's house for some
friend time and some mommy fun time I
hope it worked it
oh you look darling
I'm darling goodnight J house out
