so caleb has had a rough morning with
obeying and following directions and I'm
just walking by the hallway and saw
Isaac talking to Caleb about it and I
just wanted to set the camera down and
capture some of this did this I'm having
fun you can have fun I just come here to
obey and see nothing over on eggs see if
it's it if he had a good time of a bad
time
just over hello thanks for teaching so I
guess you just have to teach your first
kid and then talk them into teaching
your other kids looks like it's a
headstand challenge so this morning I
got to go to the gym and I got to do my
favorite workout it's a yoga tai chi
Pilates combo class and it's only
offered once a week so I try to never
miss it but it's my favorite like I just
love how my body feels when I'm done
with that workout usually when I go to
the gym I do like a combination of like
the stair climber the elliptical and
doing some weights which I do like it's
very energizing but I feel like this
yoga workout is very like empowering and
strengthening and healing for my body
and I just really like it I also feel
like it's really good for my anxiety so
my question for you today is what is
your favorite way to work out let me
know in the comments below and they are
working hard he's even got his tongue
out so my awesome friend came over to
help me with home school this afternoon
like that's like a home school mom's
dream so it's really exciting I'm
getting to work with Isaac and a lease
on cursive right now and she's doing
math with Caleb and then we're gonna
like rotate through so each of the kids
are gonna just get a little bit more
one-on-one instruction today and I'm
really excited about that and grateful
for her so Caleb's working on patterns
they're gonna make it taller than Caleb
you think it's gonna work
and then we plan to crash yes crashing
is the best part
Oh put one more on I think this is gonna
be it red did it go it's that Mohawk
that's doing it to us oh it's taller
it's definitely taller you got color
than Isaac do me run out of red yeah so
our patterns done you're the passion
goodie how do I get Caleb to love school
let him crash stuff Elyse is practicing
counting by fives can you write the
letter B for me very nice that's a
wonderful big hallo the letter S yes you
nailed it keep push it together do
something that makes the sound well that
was awesome this afternoon just felt
like a breath of fresh air now what are
we doing we packed up our library books
and we're headed to the library for a
fun learning activity there I think
we're going about bugs and spiders today
okay okie dokie do you want mommy to
help you
no Jesse that welt on her forehead she
was walking and watched straight into
the bookshelf so sad and this is what
our house looks like when we get home
from the library so Caleb just asked if
we could turn on music and then you say
come on mom dance with me
hopefully I say no to that show us your
move you were just doing
oh you need to take your shoes off of
you okay go break it down sister ask
your mom if you want it then use it
so Laura is setting up her little camera
that's where we set up our camera when
we're vlogging Laura what's that ask my
pan so for snack this afternoon I
decided to make the kids like a little
bit of a homemade trail mix I've just
gotten bored of our regular snack so I'm
just mixing up a few other things that
we have on hand because all the kids
like different things so I felt like if
I chose one of them that that kid that
didn't like it would complain about it
and so instead we're just mixing it all
up so everybody get some of everything
and I thought about adding some sweet
stuff to it but I think my kids are
young enough that then they would only
eat the sweet stuff and ignore the rest
of it so we're going to start with some
good healthy stuff this is your little
measuring tape
okay go oh I'm very monster
Laura's like what's the big deal guys so
it's funny about this is we have some
where we're trying to be you even pick
some families that we knew are going to
be there we're like okay let's see if we
can beat them there but this is the
reason we always end up late we get
distracted
the kids pull out some toy to play away
from or playing limbo instead of going
so tonight we are haunted - I'm not
quiet I just say you guys be quiet and
the parents your lawyer does not want to
be quiet I will not be quiet
yikes we're in trouble with that one all
right so tonight we are going to a Cub
Scout dinner in our community is the
blue and gold banquet and Isaac is going
to be joining Cub Scouts in a couple of
months and so we're going to the dinner
tonight so that'll be fun
and as I was getting ready to go like
I'm like you know grabbing wipes and a
diaper and a bib for my purse his
reading dinner there and then my
instinct was to also grab a book I was
like oh I need a book and it kind of
made me realize that maybe that's not
normal but I love books and I almost
always have a book in my purse not
because I ever get to read it anywhere I
guess it just like gives me comfort
knowing that it's there and sometimes
I'll like read like a page or something
or a sentence this is funny because I
was realizing like what an introvert
that makes me like we're going to a
dinner with lots of people and I'm like
do you think I can bring a book so let
us know in the comments how many of you
are Scouts Girl Scouts Boy Scouts or
like the cookies yes we do like
we need you for prayer where you wanna
see tonight all right
today it's a bed to comb your bed to bed
to bed to cover your head so all the
more kids have to get a shot right now
well I don't want you doing is just
alert
