so as you all know caleb is a little
crazy and so Kendra came up with a
solution to deal with him turn around
there it is we have a little
straitjacket oh he was cold so I put my
sweatshirt on him and when I was little
my dad used to play the escape artist
beam and he would take his big jacket
and he would tie in like this and we
would escape from them so I asked him if
he could escape okay try to get out
what it really wants to play - okay get
out honey
yay what about you guys did you play any
crazy games Americans okay eat rats get
the thing you want to get revved up
again did you like that yeah so last
night we had a really powerful lesson
together as a family that we didn't vlog
and so I wanted to tell you guys about
it but anyway the lesson was on change
and our ability and our power to change
our own lives so I started the lesson
with an object lesson for the kids I
looked at the light and the light in the
room was off and I was like I just wish
the light was on and I just sat here on
the couch like oh it just just drives me
crazy how dark this room is without that
light on and then I stood up and I like
yelled at the lighting like come on like
turn on is so funny because the kids are
watching me a little bit confused at
that point and then Laura goes over and
climbs up and turns on the light switch
and I'm like oh how did she do that the
kids talked about how she turned on the
light switch so we talked about how
sometimes in life we want things to
change like I was sitting here and I
wanted the room to be brighter I wanted
that light to be on but instead of doing
something about it I was just sitting
there I was whining and complaining and
frustrated with it but I wasn't turning
that frustration into action and so we
talked about the things in our life that
we are frustrated about the things that
are hard for us the things that we don't
like the way that they're going and what
we can do to change the situation and we
talked about it's a saying not original
that I've heard somewhere you know if
you want things to change then you need
to change something if you want life to
be different than it currently is then
you need to do something different then
you are currently doing Caleb and Laura
sound like they're having a good time
playing together I'm videoing you sorry
recorded there's Timur hi hi babies cool
kiss a bike Emma blah blah red shirt
blue shirt yellow shirt yellow pants red
pants green pants say good name yeah
come on so for some reason Caleb is
talking about when mom and I die you're
gonna be 18 I'll be 18 when I die that
will be so sad
Caleb what did you say you wanted to
take with you to heaven tools so I'd
hold my tools
well cloud dying then and that out far
away heaven away I took that I could
build a house in heaven he's gonna be
building mansions in heaven for us so
I'm gonna build free houses and they're
sick I need to build six houses can you
build some houses in heaven for the
viewers caleb is really wanting to build
today he got all of the blocks out and
put tape on them he's been playing with
his tools but he just is wanting to
build something what are you getting
ready to do um build um a a birdhouse
with who dad
all right have fun building it dad
yeah I can yeah all right have fun
building with dad so I just came out of
my bedroom and I hear water running in
the bathroom which usually means one
thing what are you doing little mess
what are you doing
okay are you ends I'll wash can we get
down now well so she just learned how to
open doors and that's a game changer
like we used to be telling the kids all
the time like don't forget to shut the
door like keep her out of the bathroom
we're out of our bedroom and now we
can't keep her out of anywhere and so I
think we might have to go buy those
little like door kid proofing things so
Lisi is building some awesome block
towers and Laura keeps coming and
knocking them down Lisa you have such a
good attitude high-five for best big
sister so the randomest thing happened
on my drive home from picking up the
kids from school a song came on the
radio and all of a sudden I was just
like flooded with these memories of my
grandma and I was remembering being in
her living room with her as a little
girl and dancing with her to music that
was on her record player that she had
there and they're just sweet tender
memories my grandmother passed away five
or six years ago and I still miss her
and I just love her and admire her and I
wish I could be a woman more like her
and so I know I should be getting dinner
ready and I should be you know maybe
cleaning my house or something like that
but instead I am going to do something
to Ivan
need to do four years and that is make a
snack that my grandmother made all the
time so I've got the recipe right here
in my grandma's handwriting so I've
never actually made these
I've just seen grandma do it yeah you
look great yeah these are called Eagle
teasers yeah but there at least that's
how my family pronounced it so if you've
actually heard of Abel skeevers let me
know in the comments so when she served
them she would put um she put them on a
platter with powdered sugar over on and
then she would use this and she put
different kinds of jams in each one so
you cut them in half and put the jam in
the inside and you want to eat it
alright I'm scared of the flipping guys
but I think it's about ready I have to
remind myself grandma did this for years
you know it's not going to be you got it
prized exactly hey that's pretty
impressive done it's kind of working
ready okay I want to make sure is
take on a pooper-scooper called able
schemers oh yeah that one rolled right
over
grandma I'm getting the hang of it if
your grandma was here maybe she would
stay great job Kendra yeah um you know I
think my grandma would be doing it she
was sitting here she would be standing
here with us laughing her head off
and telling us funny funny stories about
the pranks she did as a kid could you
tell me how are you excited to try my
grandma's evil schemers there's lots of
fun me what do you think of Abel
skeevers okay good and you can put some
butter in it and then you can put some
jelly and really like really yummy jams
I guess you got jelly and then you eat
it in it i squish is opening around
all right we're ending the night off at
the gym of a good night J house up
