tell us about your imaginary friend
whose name's Kyle hey and regards a
post-op long yes I am
are you vlogging thank heaven that your
camera flora is walking around talking
to her camera about what's going on this
morning Laura it's bath time
let's get Caleb so after doing a shower
and bath today with the kids I told them
they could wear whatever they wanted and
this was what Caleb decided to wear mom
was fine I'm kind of excited it's Monday
I know that's kind of weird I know
Monday gets a really bad reputation but
I kind of like Monday's like they're a
fresh start at a week like alright let's
dive in like let's get back into our
routines let's I don't know there's
something really refreshing about that I
feel like every Monday is the beginning
of something new so Caleb and Elise are
playing Legos together and Elise comes
in to me and she's all upset and she's
like Caleb's being mean to me he's
calling me mean names I'm like okay so I
go in there and anyway I'm like Caleb we
don't call names he said I'm not calling
me least names I'm calling my imaginary
friend this sitting next to me names
it's just like cracking up inside like
is that his like really clever idea of
how to get out of trouble for calling
his sister named hay and regards a post
of law yes I am or not
so today we are doing a riding day which
pleases to me then I'm blogging you
that's harsh so a lease is playing this
rhyming game where you rhyme one picture
on one side with the other side so
here's fly rhymes with PI and plug
rhymes with rug what's next seal you
know will feel good work are you helping
I guess it wasn't Caleb tell us about
your imaginary friend uh his name's Kyle
his name's Kyle what do you look like he
has a brown hair yeah just like me is he
older than you or younger than you for
the same size 104 before what does he
like to do I like to do the same stuff
as me huh is he like your twin well do
you have an invisible twin yes Kyle huh
I recommend reading certain phrases from
somewhere I recommend it here all right
so this is book one he sat down to read
it thirty minutes ago
45 minutes ago how long did take you to
read it 46 minutes ago and he read the
entire book and he wants me to put
number two on home you liked it it's my
favorite series yes so I'm just sitting
here cuddling with Darth Vader he came
up it's a mom I'm Darth Vader want to
snuggle did you want to snuggle me and
you loves muggles huh yeah are you scary
Darth Vader or nice Darth Vader yay
you're nice Darth Vader I like that so
here's his Darth Vader look and oh oh
who do we have here man like Snow White
so yes we're playing dress-up this
afternoon and
Laura what are you wearing - not cute -
yes bye-bye Mina oh is that your
ballerina tutus you do your ballet dance
for me oh that is a beautiful dance you
can dance with your brother Darth Vader
Vader and the ballerina oh it's a nice
Darth Vader
ah poor daddy
poor daddy king of this world
being for their doing the world's
largest hallelujah choir for Easter and
I got virtually it's a virtual one so
I'm sending in a video on YouTube and
singing with tons of other people Peter
Hollens is doing at mode tab is doing it
and the last time I sang the Messiah was
at Carnegie Hall in New York I sang and
performed it on Easter in 2001 it was my
senior year of high school and it was
such a good memory so it's fun to get to
sing with a ton of other people I love
that Jeremy's been practicing at home
with the kids and so the kids are being
exposed to it and I love the joy that I
see on Jeremy's faces he's doing it like
it's fun to get into hobbies that you
haven't done for a long time forever and
ever
oh yeah a little we got a little weak
finish
did it again
Kendra she climbed out of the crib she
can climb out down no we do it was
coming soon
okay
I'm picky my mom okay yeah she's all
grown up now
so apparently miss Laura can climb out
of her crib care oh you're gonna go out
of the room - no don't fall over there
turn around lie back did you climb out
of your bed yes so Isaac is leaping
because it is leave here this year
people Isaac can you tell me what leap
year is about
I've never gotten wet here means now
what is it about what is leap year fund
a time when you leap the most what do
you think Lee see what sleepier ah maybe
ha when you have fun and we plop okay
Caleb what is leap year Oh jumpin jumpin
this is what they think we fear it
Jeremy is leap year
have you leave here from Jay house yes
there's a fire
we're being asked across the street
