did you go peepee did we just put a
brand new diaper on you yeah look at
this cute little outfit she chose for
you today she dressed herself Kendra and
I are behind the camera because we're
not ready yet for the day so we'll just
picture our kiddos who are I'll be on
camera you're not naked oh thank you I'm
going to make a smoothie okay so with
our friends showing up in a couple hours
we're finishing up cleaning up and when
I get the cleaning itch like I want to
do more than just put everything away
like I want it to be organized well and
we do this every month or so and someone
comes to this day which is nice but like
all the food toys go in the food one all
of the plates and utensils always go
here all the hand puppets go here all
the balls are in the ball won all the
train stuff and over a month they just
get jumbled into a thousand different
places and so getting them all put back
into the right spot and then putting
them away it takes a lot longer but it
feels so good to do that so that's what
we're doing stuffed animals and they're
putting it way back there
yep you listening to music and we're
dancing
caleb is very helpful during this
process
but you tell the girl yeah hey I like
your glasses
are you ready for our friends to come
our friends are coming okay so we've
been trying to clean up all morning but
with all of our kids like I feel like I
come upstairs from a clean basement to
see this and I mean it's not like it's
like terribly messy but it's just
impossible to keep all quadrants of the
house plain at the same time so I'm
giving up
so technically Caleb should no longer be
contagious but because we have friends
coming we are using like cleaning wipes
and wiping all the like doorknobs and
cabinet poles and light switches like
we're trying to disinfect our house we
have the windows open like I'm like
alright let's air out this sickness we
are ready to be healthy and enjoy
friends and beautiful weather and fun
adventures other vloggers I love it you
see who argues that we all have cameras
on high so last February we were in
Texas visiting Matt Neman we actually
stayed at their house two different
times and so now they have come to stay
with us so we're gonna have to make like
an annual event the Matt MJ house I
think get-together
yes I'm wearing my leggings although on
the ears oh oh oh is that what Marissa
okay oh my god you're cute sorry I'm
gonna dick off for a long time where's
your bathroom I'm not editing that part
all right so we got it's a hat keep them
you got bacon and we got pineapple with
a barbecue drizzle so you drizzle the
barbecue sauce on top of it I'm really
excited to try this yeah if we're
putting it together people think it's
like two I'm so excited
do you know what we're doing we're gonna
get
women pool we're going to a water resort
it has water slides and rides and all
kinds of amazingness we're super sad
Caleb and Laura are going to be staying
here and M and Kendra so it's just the
guys and Lisi oh we're so happy to have
even one of the guys today no she's a
princess
you want to go on this slide okay go
ahead let's go
like mud
okay so we're sitting here having a nice
little conversation and it's kids in the
back but Kelly just keep the shouting at
us what are you trying to say Oh his
tooth fell out you have any paper towels
or something there it is
one less tooth way to go dude
Norman eraser there's a heart shake so
we're out on a walk and Elise discovered
this heart shaped like a rock loving it
how would you take a picture of it at a
heart shape like a rock
uh-huh I apparently have misspoken a
rock shaped like a heart so Emma and I
are out on a walk with some of the kids
and just enjoying it so this this
weather is so pretty I still can't duck
and I'm like well I decided to go with
my go to companies coming over for
dinner dinner which is the you know
garlic bread and the red and white pasta
the salad and got some apples and
cucumbers and some guys that are excited
about their GoPro footage yeah I'm so
glad that I get to see the footage like
not being able to be there at the water
park with the kids today I'm excited to
watch it stuff so we're winding down
today kids we're trying to get them to
bed
Caleb we had to put him in our room
because he wasn't cooperating in with
the other boys and I went in to check on
him and who was on our computer sending
messages to our subscribers so if you
got a random message from us in
gibberish we're sorry it was Caleb so we
have some exciting things planned for
tomorrow with men and make sure you go
check them out they have a vlogging
channel as well and we'll see you
tomorrow at wanted to sage a house out I
wanted to be cool and say Jay house out
yes that was a good one so we have a
secret and this little sneaky person
figure - yeah I figured that from the
blog
