so we have a secret and this little
sneaky person figured yeah I visited up
from the block so you leave show me what
you built here what is it it's a house
you got a bed over here that's the mom
and dad - they're not linked together
that's the thermals we have had a
glorious morning so far Kendra and I
took turns going to the gym and that was
my first 10 going this year that's kind
of pathetic but it felt so good to
exercise and Kendra I have goals of
losing weight in the next month and so
I'm excited to make that happen um I'm
sorry
roll rolls done so since caleb has been
sick and his throat has been hurting he
has been living on frozen gogurts and
shot one of our friends gave us more did
they bring us some so one of our friends
in the neighborhood is here with
something for Alise someone's here for
you he made you a necklace thanks so
much buddy we really appreciate it
bye thank you that's your nice so pretty
did he already get you one earlier and
it shrinks smells yummy it smells good
hmm like like big deep like a romantic
dental floss II smell yeah perfect
so we're headed into the library with
the kids for a homeschool activity
should be fun it's quite a treat Jeremy
didn't have any like appointments this
afternoon and so he is home with the
little kids who are still Caleb sick so
that I could take the big kids today
so the kids learn about Japan today and
now they're doing some origami oh that's
cute here's the instructions I got a
little confused origamis awesome but
kind of hearts tears Isaac's funny now
we're going to make a hat
these girls decided to make floppy hats
I love it well I'm really grateful for
the nice warm weather today but to be
honest I'm actually really struggling
and having a hard day emotionally my
anxiety is just really hard for me to
manage today you know some days it's
better than others and today's a hard
day for me so I'm grateful that Jeremy's
work schedule was really laid-back today
and so he's been home a little bit more
to help with sick Caleb so that I could
get out and go to the gym and take Isaac
and Elise to the homeschool activity and
we're able to get outside as a family in
the sunshine and so I'm grateful that I
know that there's things I can do to
help my anxiety and yeah I think the
most important thing for me to remember
is that you know it comes and goes and
not to get so worked up about it like
I'm feeling anxious oh no this is
terrible just to say you know what
today's a day this hard for me and it's
going to get better and we're going to
keep on this road of recovery and
improving through it and so those are
some my dogs hi
of course I'll let you in I'm standing
right here hi Hey yeah I want to come
play with you let's go oh you want to go
swing Lloris so happy
knuckles and swinging it doesn't get
better than that we're gonna get you
that you better watch out oh hey so
Laura is never letting me do her hair
lately like I try and she despites it so
it's really not worth the fight when
we're just going to be staying home but
everyone smiles she sits down or she'll
come in to me and be like mommy my hair
done so I'm glad she let me do it
finally so I come outside and find this
so just to clarify Caleb is feeling
better like he's definitely not quite
back to normal but he feels well enough
to be outside playing and inside playing
like he's allowed to play our house but
just outside just our house he can't
play with any friends he can't go
anywhere fun so he's kind of bummed
about that yeah it was a good
or I want to turn here we go good work
Laura why is this so sweet good job good
girl
need to watch the ten ball it's true
bring your not the big gun how can i
video him I'll stand behind you it's on
that was a good shot
that was a harder ball I don't even
think I'm safe behind Jeremy let's go to
the garage so I'm using the pretty
weather to clean out the van but I can't
find Laura anywhere where's Laura
ah you're right there she's been hiding
in the back seat are you hiding from me
last one you ready for this
got accident I'm sorry baby
we have a secret and this little sneaky
person figured I'd build it up from the
blog
she just has Malvinas of our
conversations like she's always
listening so guess what hmm we need to
clean our house why well it's just a
little secret and I know the secret
secret flinger is the surprise cleaning
our house not the best kind of surprise
tomorrow yeah surprise visitor I don't
want them to think that we live in a
house that's messy what we do tonight we
are going to clean every room clean
every bathroom organize every drawer
deep clean the deep tree yes all right
so our surprise are coming tomorrow and
I know yep
she figured it out can you guys figure
it out in the comments below who is our
surprise visitor right you get 500
million stars
stars um 110 candies all right we have a
lot of work to do
J us out
don't laugh your dirty red
