don't laugh dirty red
such a good mommy
girl what happened did you fall on your
face while dancing hey okay let's clean
it up okay
Laurie you feeling better Oh read your
books good morning guys we are just
getting going today caleb is still sick
today he's actually starting to feel
better but he's still contagious so we
are going to be home today
which I'm really excited that the
forecast is for it to warm up this
afternoon so I'm hoping the kids so we
can get out and play and enjoy the
sunshine you need a circle circle oh
there we go I see a circle circle Isaac
and at least are working on their daily
learning notebooks so this toy is really
cool because it has screws and those be
called nuts and it has stuff you got a
hammer together so yes this toy is
perfect for cubby well this is cool what
you build this time did you say a robot
yeah well what kind of a robot is it
awesome what does it say nothing yeah
it's just kind of a quiet talking robot
anything it shocks it shocks you
Wow sure
so we just got an email and we found out
who Elise's soccer coach is going to be
this spring my daddy is that it's gonna
be I'm excited I'm gonna be your coach
to
so we're excited all three of our big
kids are actually going to be playing
soccer this spring and we're playing on
just a really informal family league one
of our friends put it together there's
like 80 or 90 kids involved and we're
going on one day each week at one time
for all of the kids to get to play and
I'm just really excited about that that
we won't be torn apart with practices
all over at different days and you know
games all at different times so this is
a fun way for our kids to be exposed and
play soccer with friends and I'm looking
forward to hanging out with all the moms
on the sidelines it's gonna be fun
so Caleb's feeling a little bit bummed
that I'm not going to be his coach and
I'm bummed about that too but Elyse is
trying to give him some encouragement
you can make some new friends
hey Kayla can you tell how you get a new
friend to smile at them and you tell
them your name and you say what do you
like to do and you tell them what you
like to do - there's a black house up
that sounds like something you can do to
make new friends huh you want me to be
your coach mm-hmm
since caleb is sick he's getting a
little bit of I've had time today that
is to keep us all sane and he's actually
playing one of my favorite apps right
now it's a kaleidoscope doodle app show
um cubby those are one my favorite
that's one of your favorites I do like
the educational ones and then I do the
flutter ladies yeah that's what we do at
our house huh mm-hmm go do your reading
time these toys are so cool realizes
robots can fly and they can clean up and
they have that can you show me how they
clean up go clean up that mess over
there
any toy that cleans up is welcome in our
home so yeah it's like 55 degrees today
the kids are playing outside
awesome you guys learning together
all right Lisa's got her tap shoes and
her ballet shoes ready to go all right
let's do it
by Laura hi mom I'm going to ballet for
Lacey Wow how was dance good all right
well we are having one of our favorite
freezer meals for dinner tonight
it's called Santa Fe chicken and it's a
really simple casserole and I like it
because it's simple and easy and
everyone in our family likes it's got
lots of beans I like chicken you like it
so much
yeah lots good everybody else I ate the
whole day good job buddy she wanted to
feed her baby too
it's your baby eating
Oh Oh awesome knew that was coming
didn't me
geez take such good care of your baby
beat she started eating her dinner in
her own chef and then she stood up and
brushed herself off and climbed down
she'd like to be on my lap now I like it
too I had a cute
no it's lower stern so at least just
made the most random comment ever she
said I'm going to Amazon this week what
do you mean you're going to Amazon this
week did you just take a bite don't
laugh dirty red
you
so Caleb being sick just from washing my
hands so much the last few days I'll be
excited for when they're better and I'm
not so OCD about it so Caleb did not
want to go to bed and these minims are
about three minutes maybe five minutes
and I'm going to check on him because
it's quiet and that's abnormal and guess
where God
like wrapped himself up like a money
we've decided we have to unwrap him so
as to keep him alive but this is his
head right here and these are his head
down him and then how did he fall asleep
like okay let's turn the lights off and
get him out of there okay ow ow which
animal should we get we're talking about
a specific one but which one would you
