you're like shaking buddy come here oh
sorry
starting in the most North part of May
we were still driving leaving right for
like an hour now we're in Boston but
we're going to Hartford Connecticut
alright and you're driving you guys
riding in the back soldier get your
seatbelt I need my seat
Oh get in the car this area and we even
have automatic automatic drive yeah all
right well I hope you guys drive safe
and who wins the spilled milk award for
today drinking out of the princess Cup
we have Jeremy all the kids had
strawberry milk with their lunch and
nobody's smell anything it's Jeremy what
a problem I didn't quite have a grip on
it I'm not used to drinking at a
princess concert yeah it takes a little
more pinkie miss get it right hey what
what what are you winking at me for so
the kids have not been feeling awesome
they've had kind of low-grade fevers
they've been really cranky so you know
there's been good parts the morning but
then there's been some really cranky
parts too so the house is a little bit
more of a wreck than usual but luckily
the kids are enjoying quiet time reading
time like that's just like a breath of
fresh air for all of us so my goal is
now to clean up this area and that area
and get started on some
well I'm home from work I had a great
day I was able to totally clean up my
office I have to do that like every
month or so or it's just like
everything's clean I have a to-do list
and I'm like re organized so that feels
good
we did the poll from yesterday and that
was so fun I want to do another one
here's the question Kendra and I have
been talking about getting a pet for the
kids like seriously considering sorry my
nose was itching right here which animal
should we get we're talking about a
specific one but which one would you
recommend I'm going to list five in the
poll and I want you to let us know what
you think I'm excited to see the results
on this one did you dispose for the
camera she's eating a little cheese so I
decided to make a chicken noodle type
soup for dinner tonight's called chicken
Tuscan soup I was hoping it would be
good for the kids that aren't feeling
awesome but anyway Jeremy and I are just
considering and we decided to take Caleb
to the doctor and it's always such a
hard decision for me as a mom like I
wish there were clear-cut lines like
your child should now go to the doctor
but it's so hard to tell it's so hard to
decide so we're taking them in maybe
it's needful maybe it's not to find out
Toby
bumpy let's go see the doctor
you see the jellyfish how do they make
the tank it's just glass no how come the
fish yeah I brought fish into those can
be named after beer that so they
actually put all that stuff into the
tank are you feeling buddy
what sick you feeling sick did you like
your little nap on the way here
well the doctor said he had hand foot
and mouth disease and that explains it
we had talked about that as a
possibility and we're just so bummed I
feel really bad for him though like it's
supposed to be really really painful so
he had the fever yesterday and the sores
on the inside of his mouth showed up
today so Elise actually had this when
she was about two years old so we've
experienced it before and frozen gogurts
was like the only thing she would eat
for a couple days
how was the go-gurt many but actually
wonderful did look you didn't hurt is
that good Millerton not I'm glad it did
do you need to eat anything else
maybe so toast
you need some toys to be okay yeah
you're like shaking buddy come here oh
I'm sorry
yeah the doctor said we won't be able to
fix your fro yeah we don't have medicine
for it yeah the doctor was saying she
hoped it was strep throat because
there's medicine that can fix that but
hand-foot mouth it's just like a
several-day wait so we're gonna give the
kid some tylenol and some ibuprofen she
won't give me some time and dang give me
some toast might turn the not in toast
in he didn't eat much for lunch or for
dinner so he ready to eat something now
and I did not eat much for breakfast
nobody that's your little bit hurtin huh
hey show them your throat there it is
you did a good job when the doctor was
looking in there didn't I give me a shot
she didn't give you a shot what did she
say about how you looked she's like
you're my best looking patient all day
good night dear Sam Shepard's if you
feed the cows chocolate it turns into
chocolate what if you feed the cows
pizza awesome educational moment going
on right now so Caleb what they actually
do is cows make regular milk and then
the people add yumminess to make it
taste like strawberries
