so manly so good huh all right good
morning we are having a happy
Valentine's breakfast we're having
German pancakes great strawberries and
strawberry milk every milk from a local
dairy it is like extra amazing
strawberry milk and it comes in a glass
which is cool for some reason just makes
it cool it's so good and it is melt but
it tastes good from cackles cows make it
if you feed the cows enough strawberries
and strawberry milk comes out right yeah
yeah what happens if you feed the cows
chocolate it turns into chocolate
where's you feed the cows Pizza Pizza
awesome educational moment going on
right now so Caleb what they actually do
is cows make regular milk and then the
people add yumminess to make it taste
like strawberries I like banana and
cotton teams
my favorite kind is there a root beer
milk here's the smallest VSIP okay I
want to do a quick poll polling is a new
thing on YouTube so you can click the
icon into the poll which member of our
family will spill their milk first yeah
you don't want to slave her we're
letting the viewers guess on a pole
who's going to spill it about first
all right we have our first spill and
you are a winner in the poll if you
picked Kendra it's not fair because I do
a lot more pouring than anybody well
they should have taken that into account
when they were voting so the bottom came
off I was pouring Alisa's and it just
kind of wobbled and here we go shown on
the wreckage
it's a spill but that's pretty minimal
at least she didn't get it on the food
yeah hey I can try so laura is trying to
dress herself today um the problem is
she has a shirt that she's trying to
wear his pants that's looks like aster
you're beautiful
good job big girl looks like she has a
tail she's like what do I do
were you being a scary monster is that
scary
all right so kind of like Easter for
Valentine's Day we set up hearts and the
kids are going to do a heart hunt some
of them are in harder places than others
here we go Laura pick up the hearts did
you find the heart good job
nice all right we are trying something
new today with our family we are having
cheese fondue for dinner I have always
wanted to do this but like with the
young kids I've been nervous to try it
so I'm actually still a little bit
nervous we'll see how this goes
growing up I knew of a family that had
this as a tradition and I always thought
that sounded cool so I wanted to do it
with my family someday and we're here
we've arrived at some day who's excited
ok so they're not really eager but
they're gonna they're gonna grow into it
you're excited you're excited this is a
very cheesy meal it is not like a very
many mega week so what are your favorite
things to fondue so the things I'm
enjoying the most are the mushrooms and
the meat and the broccoli
I love the broccoli mmm we're gonna go
with favorite fondue items
it's everything with chocolate fondue
but if we're going to dinner
I do related the potatoes with broccoli
mushrooms Oh
well apparently I mean nothing on do for
an army you might want to come have some
fun do with this yeah I think all the
kids are done and Jeremy and I are
getting old too yeah well I don't think
we're gonna be doing fondue with four
little kids again next year I think it's
going to be a couple years before we try
that again
well there were lots of things I liked
about it like I'm glad we tried it but
it's just a lot of work and the kids
couldn't really quite do it but I think
they'll be much more successful with
dessert we are making a love potion
which is just kind of like root beer
floats but you use raspberry sherbet and
sprite yummy good when I make it it
makes you all fall in love with me yeah
me or something oh we're gonna love it
I always get nervous those are gonna fit
over can be nice don't you get it to
your secret did you know Isaac was your
secret Valentine yeah yeah I think
that's my secret so earlier this week we
chose names and we're secret Valentines
for each other in the family so it was
somebody special to like find ways to
serve and love through the weekend so
now we're giving these to our secret
Valentine so that they know who we were
once you give that to your secret
Valentine mom is pretty intrigued by
this
my secret Valentine nice actually dad
take my glove whoa
so we're going around picking each
person in the family and saying what we
love about them and it is pretty
adorable to hear what each of the kids
are saying about each other that's
really sweet
these are tender parenting moments
didn't you don want the back tonight
yes Laura what do you love about a lease
any love that Elise helps you learn
about Jesus so Laura is the answer to
every question has been Jesus really
buddy so good huh well friends I had to
clean up the floor but I couldn't bring
myself to clean up the walls anyway as I
was cleaning up last night I was able to
read so many of the notes just were
really touching and humbling and just
thank you all so much for your sweet
words and for sharing encouragement with
me and for sharing the beauty that you
see I think sometimes it's so hard to
see the the wonderful things about
ourselves even though they're there and
so thank you for that I really
appreciated it I know something's going
on when she's hiding in the corner and I
like fun sized Twix bar mm-hmm
I already had on the minister day yeah
in that same spot I was just getting
some motivation
now let's just not do it you may say I
thought it would be really fun to help
Kendra see how much she's loved to share
these with her in a creative way
