each paper is an individual letter from
a viewer about what they love about you
when I was trying to decide what to do
for Kendra for Valentine's I know the
thing that she finds most romantic is
when I write her a letter telling her
what I love about her so I asked you
guys for help I invited you to send
emails with things you love about Kendra
and the response was overwhelming I got
so many responses I thought it would be
really fun to help Kendra see how much
she's loved to share these with her in a
creative way
I was so excited that so many members of
my family and Kinder's family
participated and they sent things that
they loved about Kendra and so I'm
putting those right next to her side of
the bed
okay so Kendra is just getting home I'm
going to show her her Valentine's Day
surprise
each paper is an individual letter from
a viewer about what they love about you
isn't it amazing Wow why so much and
your mission is to find my letter over
here guys so overwhelmingly amazing so
on two of the vlogs I invited them to
write what they love what don't I know
Oh am I really supposed to find yours
yeah no I'm just kidding mine's on the
computer love Jerry it's up I didn't
want it wasn't read what it said but no
problem so much I promise to recycle
this everybody no way I'm gonna put it
away somewhere special I'm gonna keep it
forever this is so overwhelming so this
isn't an entirely original idea about
nine years ago Kendra for Valentine's
Day got me a notebook that was written
by all of my family and closest friends
saying the things they loved about me
and it was the most memorable and most
special Valentine's I ever had and so I
wanted to give her the same thing just
in a little bit different format your
family ones are over here right by your
bed right by your pillow damn there is
you'll see granny Jo mom dad
all right kiddos you guys could come on
up and see what we did for Mom on up
how could you guys try to make every
single one which was in your name do you
guys see where yours are there's yours
it is that is for you make a heart yeah
and then she fellated thank you so much
I really am looking forward to just
sitting down I'll curl up on my bed and
reading all of these like this is just
really thoughtful and I think you know
when I log I'm just sitting here with my
camera I don't think about or realize I
guess how many people there are on the
other side of the camera and I guess I
forget the impact that we can have is we
share our thoughts and feelings and so
this is a beautiful reminder and a
beautiful connection to have with each
of you so just thank you so much and I
really look forward to reading them and
thank you no problems from the sleep
good night Jay house out Chris yeah on
one foot like this good job
now go down okay yeah yeah
