you walk sassy walk sassy there it is
there's the sass mom review a Valentine
Caleb you are awesome sighs okay let's
make of that time for y'all so that's
right no and then should we raise the
flag app I'm just giving it for
everybody so what we're doing is this
mailbox is going to live on our kitchen
counter on our kitchen table until
Valentine's and whenever we put love
notes for anybody in our family in it we
put the error look so people know
there's something new in there where's
Laura
oh right here where's Laura yeah yeah
she's right in that here that what she's
doing where's the V all right well I got
to go to yoga this morning which was
awesome it's super rejuvenating and
refreshing and I'm really excited
because tonight I'm actually going to my
first ever jazz class there's an adult
jazz class in the area at a dance studio
and I'm going I've never really taken
dance classes so there's kind of a brand
new thing for me but I'm excited about
it
you're good reader miss Laura so I'm
making lunch for the kids and I'm super
excited I just won a hearing on a case
that we've been handling for five years
and I was kind of stressed going into it
it was a close call I knew the judge
could go either way and it mattered a
lot for the case what he decided today
and
you ruled in our favor it's so intense
to be up in front of a judge arguing and
having your presentation of listing the
cases there's just so much excitement
and intensity with my job I love that it
can be overwhelming how stressful it is
and how much I want to do a good job for
my clients but I'm really happy that we
won and I'm really sorry I missed a day
putting a vlog up this week and it's
because I was preparing for this hearing
so forgive me alright so as many of you
know we got a tablet for the kids for
Christmas and there's been lots of
things that we've really liked about it
but there's also been some annoying
things mostly the noise we've tried
little ear plugs not your plugs like
earphones for the kids and Caleb can't
really keep them in they drive them
crazy and we've also tried Jeremy's
headphones but they just fall off
Caleb's head and then also Caleb cranks
up the volume and so that makes me
nervous so I was really excited to find
the solution to this problem and it's
kids headphones so do you guys want to
try on kid headphones yeah yeah do you
think you'll be able to keep him on your
head Cubs yes let's try it I definitely
you can here you go these are the red
ones
isn't that cute they make pink ones yeah
I know I thought for sure you'd love
that one I like this because it looks
more blue and you're growing up darn it
hey you what do you like the headphones
can you hear okay yes very well and
Caleb you can do the volume on your own
right here I'm right on oh you're cute
does this mean that we don't have to
listen to the game the whole time why
did we not have these during our 19 hour
dry so the court is like a shoelace
which is really cool and it's super long
I can't hearing we were saying how much
we love you oh you want to try um Laura
they're called chill headphones and
they're sponsoring today's video
and their headphones that are
specifically designed for kids they fit
their heads and they have a volume
control on it like a volume block where
that maxes them out so they can't hurt
their ears so I don't have to worry
about I'm just wanted to say thank you
to chill headphones and definitely check
them out their website is chill
headphones calm or you can buy them on
Amazon and we'll put both those links in
the description box below and I was
really happy they really seemed
reasonably priced and sometimes that's
hard to find these days together well
what are you working on cookies for the
birthday party birthday no we are not
having any other birthday parties for at
least six months or something like that
are the cookies Forte them so the
cookies are for Valentine's Day we're
making my favorite recipe which is the
brown sugar cookies we're gonna roll em
out cut them out what shape should we
cut about is huh hearts and then we're
going to decorate them margin yeah
thanks
all right into the wide you want it put
the heart in there yay you need a heart
cookie don't make another one
Oh would you me heart all right now
we're going to decorate let's do it
you want to hold it and I'll do we'll do
it together Kendra almost let him I
didn't realize I didn't have a top at
all okay you will dad thought it had a
cop
me too about house are you just kind of
shake it gently how's that good Caleb's
always the first to be right and in the
cookie
go ahead Laurie you can eat here cookie
to at least I'm just not sure if there's
enough sprinkles on this one so Lauren
is like the frosting
what happened Kevin or what happened is
it I will wash everything mommy's gonna
take this plate I was like so close to
saving that
so while Kendra and I are cleaning up
the kids keep running out in different
costumes but I think this was my
favorite of all its many fart you naked
fart what is the assistant do you got
bad help inhale it Kenny
okay let's see some of your moves there
it is that's a key move for megaphone
all right well we packed up some of the
cookies and we are going to go deliver
them to some of our neighbors in the
winter months you know we kind of all
stay inside a lot more so we haven't
seen our neighbors a lot lately and so
I'm excited for this chance to go and
share some cookies with them and tell
them we're thinking of them and also if
we keep all of these cookies at our
house I will eat all of them so I'm
excited to be able to share the love and
apparently the last thing on my to-do
list tonight will not the last thing but
I'm going to be mopping my floor because
those sprinkles you cannot recover from
without actually mopping given the
choice between mopping or putting the
kids to bed Jeremy chose mopping so I'm
getting the kids ready for bed but I
just really was thinking about
Valentine's Day this weekend and I hope
that you guys are all having a great
weekend celebrating with the people that
you love just remember to tell them you
love them and have fun Kendra
- her first adult jazz class it's a
beginning jazz class and Laura wouldn't
go to bed tonight it's like 10:30 right
now so mom is home teaching Laura all of
her new dance moves yeah we're gonna
stand on one foot like this good job now
go down now we're going to plie and IRA
put our hands on our hips and shake it
oh yeah shake it not much here next
comes a turn ready okay any water
I'm gonna try to jazz walk and then you
walk in the line kind of stack right
shake your hips
can you walk sassy walk sassy there it
is there's the sass I want to take you
with me to dance class when I come to
dance classes mommy
bang bang old cask you need a ballet
class mommy went to a jazz class yeah
dance can you say good night Jay how so
can you say I'm gonna go to bed now
Hey yes you guys are good pancake
flippers I'm so impressed
Oh
