yes you guys are good pancake flippers
I'm so impressed
oh you're using your tongue what is that
your crown oh it's beautiful
try it on oh what a princess oh oh
excuse me Queen alleys
hey I wanted to show you guys the
project that I have Isaac working on but
it's in my bedroom and I rarely show you
guys my bedroom because my bedroom is a
disaster
I'm so embarrassed of it so uh don't
judge me
Isaac what are you working on a first
grade presentation oh very cool so he's
using PowerPoint to give a presentation
to his dad and I about first grade
essentially I was thinking about
parent-teacher conferences and just kind
of the chance to mid-year review what's
working and what's not working and I
decided to teach Isaac how to use
PowerPoint and have him give a
presentation to Jeremy and I on his
perspective of things so I'm really
excited about it and I'm sorry my
bedroom is so messy and undecorated it's
really embarrassing to me like I really
want to work on it and I am working on
it in fact the top of this desk used to
be loaded down with stuff and the other
day I cleaned that off and dusted it and
that ya never get into it
so amidst the chaos of life Jerry and
I've been doing something new for the
last couple days that I've really been
enjoying and looking forward to and
that's reading our scriptures together
in the evening I think we've both been
kind of struggling to really immerse
ourselves in the scriptures and um like
really take away something meaningful
from it and so we decided to study
together and it's been our rapping two
days but so far what do you think well I
think the most important thing is we're
stopping every other verse or so it's
saying how does this actually apply to
us like what is this like in our life
and what can we learn from it and I
think that is the most important piece
of that I've really enjoyed it
and doing it together has been really
fun there's been other times in our life
when we've done that together but we've
kind of gotten busy and fallen out of
the habit and so that's something we're
looking forward to it bedtime lately I
think that France I just love saying the
French radicans it's really rewarding so
the other day I found out about this
amazing nonprofit organization here in
Missouri I don't know if it's also in
other states but it's run by the United
Way here and it is a toy lending library
so they have this room that's full of
all of these amazing learning toys and
you can go in there and the kids can
play with the toys and then you can
actually check some of them out to take
them home I just think that's such an
amazing concept so the kids loved it and
I was like a kid in the candy store
because it was all these amazing
learning toys that I go and like drool
about in Category catalogs in like see
in stores that we can't buy them all
like we can't afford that and so I
checked out a couple of them I think we
get to having for like a week or two and
then we can go back and get new ones but
one of them in particular I wanted to
show you guys because it's the coolest
toy ever
so it's called unlock it number match so
there's all these keys and you have to
count the number on the back and find
the key that's going to unlock it here
and I still got a key ooh what did you
lock well I walked away so nobody
katelyn thanks for sharing with me see
right now that was a really sneaky move
Caleb may see you get a hold on to your
key now how'd it go Isaac oh my
animations are really cool mm so
somebody I don't know who it was put too
many staples into our stapler and so now
it's jammed and it won't work until
trying to pry staples out of my stapler
using a fork was it you I think that
because when I was free I did like I
some of the staples of broke so I had
like yeah so you're putting a bunch of
em in there yes
okay well now this stapler won't work so
I'm just trying to get that piece out
maybe I looked at that space what we're
gonna do is um we're gonna make pancakes
our own pancakes well I'm gonna show you
how I make big cakes and the comments
below how do you guys make pancakes
really
least you know that they're ready to
flip when they have bubbles on the top
okay now I'm going to teach you how to
flip okay now watch like that
what he holding a professional
okay now you better probably do this one
this one looks ready to go - yep
this one looks ready I think when you're
on the stool you might be the same type
is named tall what wow you did that you
flipped it
yes you guys are good pancake flippers
I'm so impressed oh you're making a
double decker well they cook it on the
other side do so a few weeks ago I saw a
little bit of a TV show that's called
like MasterChef junior or maybe it was
chopped junior anyway there were teens
like young teens like 12 13 year olds
that we're cooking on this like Cooking
Channel and they were making amazing
stuff like stuff I could never dream of
cooking and they knew like so many
cooking techniques and it just made me
realize how often I think I have too low
of expectations for my kids like my kids
are six and seven Isaac and Elise are
and you know they should be able to make
their own toast and peanut butter and
jelly sandwiches I'm excited to try to
teach them like if I want to have them
prepared before they leave our home to
know how to cook legit meals then we got
to start so the kids are having suckers
real quick and I'm over doing the dishes
and I was like so guys what makes your
suckers shrink like why is it that when
you lick them they get smaller and the
kids are like because you're licking it
and I'm like Jabba I could lick the
spoon and it wouldn't shrink and so as
it came up with the hypothesis of
pressure and then Caleb what was your
idea a shrink or a shrinker and then I
said but there's another shrinker in my
mouth it's true so what makes suckers
shrink there's yours that little like
little things Oh
end it end it um
shrinks times yeah what's this sucker
made of
the sticks made of plastic what's this
stuff you made up what's it taste like
hmm have you guys ever put sugar into
water we've never put sugar into water
yeah all right let's do it
all right put an end let's see what's
gonna happen let's see if it's straight
it doesn't look like a truck it's
turning painting pinkish reddish the
water is so everybody look at your
suckers are they the same size or
littler alright so what's in your mouth
spit so it's a bit kind of like water
yeah it is is it cold or is it warm
cool your spit is cold
media well the weather got up into the
low 50s today but that's warm enough for
us to put on our sweatshirts and come
out and go on a walk the kids are
playing with their neighbor friends and
I've got Laura out on this little stroll
with me how are you doing Laura good pen
we're gonna go be with friends yeah yes
we are dinner tonight is this chicken
broccoli casserole with rice salad and
apples that was I like my food and
Jurassic eating no Elise's food good
okay so we got an email from someone who
watches our vlogs named Scylla and
Scylla is a girl has cancer and she had
to have a bone marrow
transplant she said life is really hard
for right now like there's a lot going
on in her personal life and with all of
the treatment that she's going through
and she's so sick she even loses her
hair so she's bald all right girl
yeah when you have certain treatment you
lose your hair but guess what she said
she said that when she watches your
little adventures it brightens up her
day and she said thank you to all of you
for the fun think we can pray for Scylla
tonight yeah she actually has a facebook
like page that's like prayers for Scylla
and we'll put that in the link below but
definitely will be praying for your
styling thanks for watching and for
sending us your really nice message
ah
all right you fell whoo Garrett can 8j
house out here you guys we're hiding you
can't go back just go in your diaper
