we're hiding you can't go back just go
in your diaper
so the forecast for the next couple days
is cold and wind and snow and are like
little Playhouse like blew across the
yard in the middle of a light night last
night like I woke up like I heard it
outside our window and so Jeremy is out
picking up like scattered piece of like
our kids toys that are all over our yard
he's bringing him in like right next to
the house it's trash day this morning so
everyone's trash fell over so there's
trash all over the neighborhood
we often find the kids sitting by the
heaters so I usually shower at night
because if I don't shower at night I
have no time all day to shower but I
didn't shower last night so I kind of
feel like I'm playing catch-up like as
soon as Laura went down for quiet time I
hopped in the shower and now I'm trying
to get my hair and my makeup done while
doing reading and I was gonna say
swimming while doing reading and
spelling with Elise alright next up what
are you guys gonna make that time
Valentine's boxes yeah do you guys have
a Valentine's Day party tomorrow yeah
all right I'm excited to see what you
guys create you have a good idea
oh I can't wait to see I'm ready set go
Isaak is addressing his Valentine's he
already finished his Valentine box I
love my favorite part is that he wrote
thank you at the top and Isaac you want
to show them your favorite part
you created a handle I think that's
really smart
all right so it looks like caleb is
finished all right Alize tell us about
your Valentine's box well I put it on
the brown stuff on it first so make it's
miss and then it's a purple wrapping
paper on it and then I put in this stuff
on it and then I put it stickers on it
and smelly smelly stickers uh-huh that's
good it when you scratch it blue that's
cool video and your sister yes
so this has been really into singing
lately and I just walked back into the
kitchen and Caleb had the camera on
videoing Alise
so he wants to remember this Dona sing
us a song now Thank You chef we all feel
shy sometimes jump me to sing first
no I'm so grateful for my cleanup crew
you guys are awesome we want to say hi
to our friends hey why are we gonna have
God we're makin popcorn we're not just
making two kernels of popcorn you just
start with that and then you add the
rest of it after it heats up enough for
this to pop I just realize that probably
looked really funny like oh you guys are
making two kernels of popcorn
voila ha Gor I think what you doing did
you want to do it alright miss Elise is
now on her sandwich you think daddy's
here
I think that was just the sound of the
washing machine turning into a rinse
cycle but maybe not maybe it is Gary
what password oh do I have to know the
password to get my pony pony pony Elise
Caleb Laura no oh pony pony pony Elise
Laura Caleb no what is it
Valentine Valentine Gravlin up
Valentines Valentines love love love
nailed it
it's not Valentine's it's about that
times all right what's going on down
here
yes I love how created these guys are
getting with these treks it's a lot of
fun
earlier today we talked about what
holiday what's that hole in it about
love it's about love so I wanted to ask
you guys what are different ways that
you can tell that people love you oh yes
you can um give people cheek said all
right so we talked about how you can
feel people's love and share love when
you give people gifts when you serve
them it's another one when you snuggle
them like hug or we talked about
spending to Indiana or somebody and you
serve somebody helps you guys know that
mom and dad love you huh this is the
sneeze it might have gone away it's gone
we don't how else do you guys know that
mommy and daddy love you well did make
things by um by going so mean that's the
first thing that came to my mind of how
I show you my love is daddy ever sewn
your okay Alex do you know how do you
know we love you how do you know
yes stealin hello serving Soleil when
they needed help
okay so for this week with Valentine's
Day coming up in our family we're each
going to pick a secret Valentine that we
are going to show love to throughout the
week in different ways
don't tell anyone who it is
Minister you know who it is
get up let's put it in his little pocket
and loved Henders idea of using
Valentine's Day as an opportunity to
focus on and teach our kids about love I
love how Kendra is willing to go outside
of the box and not just do the normal
consumer holidays the way that everyone
else does it she's saying what's a value
here that we can take and give to our
kids that has real substance that's one
of the things that makes her an amazing
mom and again as a reminder if you want
to be a part of my surprise to Kendra
for Valentine's Day she's not normally
send an email to J houses Valentine
saying what you love about Kendra and
I'm going to be using us to do something
awesome for relatives Lauren just said
she's going ready for potty training
much my question for you guys today is
what are your Valentine's Day traditions
or what are the Valentine's Day customs
in your country here it's you know go
out to dinner and buy candy in the shape
of hearts and eat chocolate and you know
or pass out Valentine's flowers
I love daddy I love Laura
Isaac OB I think I'd love eat up
laughs Isaac I love Caleb I love you you
say I love mommy and I love ah hi Caleb
what's the plan and then are we gonna
jump out and say surprise so we all have
little glow bracelets that we're going
to use when we jump out here you guys
get down get ready to jump out we're
hiding
you can't go back just go in your diaper
yeah somebody's looking tired you're
going take a sleep at he sleep already
oh so every time we're at a surprise
party I can't help but remember back to
when Kendra threw me a surprise party
after our first or second year of
marriage all of my friends are sitting
in the front room of our little dumb
basement apartment we were staying in
during college and I come in I have no
idea and in the silliest voice possible
I say princess something like that you
know princess we're earlier and I'm like
dancing through the house and I'm
leaping into our bedroom looking for her
and I come into the front room and all
my friends were just laughing so hard it
was one of the few times I was actually
embarrassed that doesn't happen very
often but it was good anyway we promised
not to do anything else birthday related
for a while but thanks for watching Jay
house out happy birthday buddy how old
are you what's all this stuff are you
gonna open them let's do it
