we have one last present for Caleb David
hey happy birthday buddy how old are you
what's all this stuff are you gonna open
them let's do it right there right by
him that present is from you that one is
reducing look he's opening me your
export came up its Qbert day thanks lad
no that key was worth it can you give
him a hug
say I love you can up or say I love you
it's not your birthday today sweetie
whose birthday is it
it's qdubs birthday Laura definitely
thinks it's her birthday today and she
has since she woke up it's pretty funny
turns out I can eat it right now thank
you lecie you're welcome this present is
from Papa and mugga I made for Papa me
and Elise made it yeah guess what Papa
gave it to you hey open your other
present from Papa what a hardware this
hammer is really special
it comes from my great-grandfather so
that's Caleb's great-great-grandfather
who owned this little hammer and yes we
are going to keep this hammer under lock
and key a race car you don't even have
to control it it's called Hot Wheels you
get to build the track I'm so excited
what's really cool about this set is
that you can build the track in a bunch
of different ways thank you welcome we
love you Ben happy birthday happy happy
birthday happy thank you go
so laura has been singing happy birthday
to herself all morning we're trying to
teach her to sing happy birthday Caleb
I can injure a person cinnamon roll
he'll have asked for cinnamon rolls and
strawberries from his breakfast I'm so
excited because I got a special happy
birthday plate for him it's not a paper
plate it's a plastic one so we can use
it like through the years I found it in
the target dollar section all right
you're ready to put this thing together
you ready for church yes Nora we need to
get one more shoe on you we are
officially on time to church I think
this is the first time this has happened
in a long long time
it's affairs it's embarrassing but it is
good that we are on time today and we've
got our birthday boy back there anyway I
got on Facebook this morning and you
know how Facebook like shares your
memories from a couple years ago with
you so it showed me this picture and it
was baby
Caleb like his newborn baby like the day
he was born picture and my heart just
like skipped a beat and anyway so I
shared over on Facebook pictures of
Caleb like the day he was born and then
his first birthday and his second
birthday and his third birthday and it's
just so sweet to see how he's grown and
I just like teared up thinking about how
much he's brought to our life like how
much we've learned from him and how much
joy he's brought to our lives and we're
happy survived and we are happy that he
survived he's our most adventurous kid
and so there there were times I was like
just help him stay alive so we're glad
he's lived to be four and
it's just so sweet oh I just love him so
I love how convenient leftovers are
after our date nights I don't have to
make a big mess I just throw it in the
microwave it's different and yummy food
and it's easy to clean up I look forward
to it it's nice to come home and eat
this mmm Caitlyn huggers
you can get it now there's a new way so
he get it out like that
well we got a Content little boy here
he's eating a big wad of gum and he's
playing with this hammer and nail oh I
say do it there yeah let's do it
stay harmed so Jeremy and the kids
decided to have some fun with the new
hot wheel set we have friends over for
dinner tonight and Caleb got to choose
his birthday dinner he chose spaghetti
and boring salad
he told Maya he didn't want anything
yucky in it so I just need footbag salad
ranch on it and then he wanted mandarin
oranges and garlic bread who's hungry so
Kayla wanted a cookies and cream ice
cream cake and I found this awesome like
Hershey's cookies and cream pie at the
grocery store so that is what he is
having with a number four now are you
looking it
yeah you look shakers see Andy okay well
let's sing should we sing happy birthday
in slow motion or in fast motion did you
blow it out stinker ready not buying it
out happy birthday do
visually more all right we have one last
present for Caleb we just wanted to say
happy birthday Kaila we love you so much
we wish you're there to give you a big
hug good night yeah house out
