so I thought to give you guys a quick
tour check out this view while we're
doing dishes
so with the time change the kids are
still waking up super early but it's
been awesome to get the sunrise every
morning because it's been amazing
you guys see the sunrays I never
actually seen one pretty
so this morning we're reading books
about San Diego and we're playing with
play-doh you made some seashells was it
really cool seashells Laura right saver
but it's purple what do you mean so
since we got the kids the Fitbit they're
like constantly challenging each other
on steps what do I need 24 what do you
add Isaac 4129
you guys are right by each other and
it's only 8 am pleased to you they're
getting their steps in poll question do
you have a Fitbit or something like that
we're keeping track of your steps
you made it
remember do the pounds Oh Pete good job
buddy
so this was a family home back several
years ago and the dad loved gardening
and especially planting roses and taking
care of them and even listen to
classical music out here and their
grandpa would climb on this tree and so
when we were looking for a place to stay
we really cared a lot about the yard a
place where our kids could play and have
adventures and so they've been finding
all these hideouts and everything why
don't you guys come show us all your
hideouts okay they've made these
hideouts and they have secret code names
for each of them and they're trying to
make sure mom doesn't know where they
are if they're hiding this jae-won
that's your dad
so there's a little hideout under the
bushes down here or a rock that looks
like a potato this whole area is called
trash the trash all right there so
there's a little walkway back there is
this flower hideout Laura's little
hideout this was the first one you found
dad I checked over there so you can like
play back there by neri on playground
that sides more like the office area and
view and relaxation this is called the
talkity-talk hideout why do you call it
that you can talk to people who type
there are screens right there they're
open you can't see them okay leave mom
alone while she's showering you guys
you're talking to her she can climb down
into that tree that Bush Laura what are
you doing
okay at least this happened to take the
lead while Isaac is up in the tree how
many steps are you up to
5498 to see how many Isaac is up to
Isaac how many steps are you up to
I'm not saying
what are you up to now
729 uh-oh he's back at it he's back he's
back
can you imagine if you were running
around right now back in Kansas City
where it's all snowy yeah a jacket it
would be cold in the snow ha I like
being in San Diego
Kansas City yeah well I really love the
rental house that we're staying at and I
realized that we haven't shown you guys
much of it so I thought I'd give you
guys a quick tour
it starts out here with this wrought
iron gate you enter a courtyard I love
all the outdoor spaces
in a beautiful blue dorm when you come
in the front door it's actually pretty
open layout on my right is a bathroom
and the den and then there's the family
room and the dining room I'm absolutely
in love with all the windows in this
room and the exposed brick right next to
the family room is the den or the TV
room this hallway leads to the bedrooms
there's a half bath which is awesome and
then down here we've got the master
bedroom so nice it walks out to the
patio and it has a king-size babe the
master bedroom also has its own master
bathroom which is nice so here's the
view from the master bedroom
down this hall we've got plenty of
storage three more bedrooms a bathroom
and the laundry this is the kids
bathroom
this is Janae's bedroom this is where
the boys are staying Isaac and Caleb and
this is the girls room
so because of the core arid and the
beautiful outside space there's so much
light in this house all the rooms have
at least two windows like one on each
side which is so cool I love that the
girls also have a window out to the
Courtyard here's the dining room these
chairs are so comfy there's a little
workspace here which is super convenient
for Jeremy and then the kitchen I
absolutely love this lamp my grandma had
one almost just like it in her house so
it feels nostalgic to me
my favorite thing about the kitchen is
the view from the kitchen sink check out
this view while we're doing dishes it's
cloudy today but you get the idea now
I'm heading outside so we checked out
lots of rental houses and the reason we
chose this one was because of the
outdoor space if you're gonna be in San
Diego in January you want to be able to
enjoy being outside and it's overcast
today but the view is amazing it's not
just about the view there's grass and
place for the kids to run around and
play and they've been absolutely loving
it so that's great there's an eating
area and a couch area with a fire pit
it's not set up right at this moment but
it's really fun
so there's the rental house we're gonna
be here for a whole month and again one
of the things that I like about being
here for that long and staying as a
house is that we can maintain so many of
our routines like the kids woke up this
morning and they did chores we unloaded
the dishwasher we swept the floor we did
some laundry and I just find as we can
maintain those routines it keeps all of
us just kind of happier I was also able
to pack the kids schoolwork and Jeremy
has his laptop in the internet so he can
work and so a lot of our day-to-day
stuff will stay the same but then we'll
be able to make these fun outings to go
see and explore new places and you guys
honestly this is kind of a dream come
true for me I love seeing new things
with my kids and my family and exploring
new places and so we're excited to try
this as a family
is that
so Lisa and I are going on a walk along
the bay like there's this nice sidewalk
area and I'm just wishing the Jeanette
could be with us but unfortunately I
made one fatal error when I was packing
I perhaps pick a stroller that was
ridiculous like I think just in the
stress of that day with her being sick
and getting ready to go I just I didn't
bring a stroller so we're gonna have to
buy one because I keep wanting to go on
walks with her and she's getting big
enough that I can't just like holder
squirming in my hands the whole time we
left her at the park with the other kids
we're gonna go explore so we don't know
what kind of birds these are red and
white beaks and black feathers might be
a new animal that no one has discovered
yet yeah or it might just be new to us
because we're not used to San Diego
animals maybe
when we get home we'll have to look it
up and figure it out I love figuring out
stuff like that
wherever we go these two just need a
football and they're half
these who are hard at work in the sand
area she's happy bloomer she like
pointed to the Spanglish
are you doing
look out there there's a rowing team I
have always wanted to try rowing yep I
don't know why but that's the way it
works isn't that awesome
Uli's how many steps are you at 9808
Isaac what are you had 11209
oh you were at nine thousand just like
15 minutes ago though all that football
Lauren let's go see the whale
you could make it all the way buddy keep
going he's gonna make it last one good
job so I've been getting some questions
about why we came to San Diego and why
we're staying for a whole month which is
a really valid question so there's three
reasons why we're doing this number one
one of my dreams and desires my entire
life has been to see the world to
explore new places and to do it with our
family that's one of the reasons why we
homeschool and it's amazing because
Jeremy works so much from home that were
able to have him along for our
adventures too our kids have never been
to San Diego and so we wanted to come
and try that number two we came in
January because it is cold in Kansas
City January and the winter is usually
just kind of a harder time for me I
can't get out and be outside the way
that I like to there's not as much
sunshine we're all stuck inside there's
usually sickness and so that's one of
the reasons we decided to come during
January is to escape the cold my anxiety
and my depression does so much better
the more I'm able to be outside the
third reason is that with our young
family and the ages that we are when we
go on a trip and to try to do do do lots
of things in go go go
it's stressful and it's honestly kind of
miserable our kids and us are so much
happier if we're able to slowly explore
like go one place each day and then come
home and so we found that not only was
it cheaper to get a rental house for a
whole month but when we're here for a
month there's not as much pressure like
you can go see someplace for half of a
day and then come home and you know that
you've got other days to go and see
stuff and explore
we're talking about weaknesses and how
we're trying to make them strengths and
about the things in our family that we
wish we could change like overreacting
or being mean to each other or not
cooperating while were you're talking
about it we all were doing this let's do
it on three one two three and the final
count real quick what's your numbers on
the steppers sixteen thousand yes good
job 20 2010 my new record good job I
walked longer than we normally walk at
Disneyland really yep
I burnt 282 calories and I had 323
minutes of activity and he has three
blisters with the grain they weren't
able to be out as much in the evening
but I would love to hear in the comments
what's the most you've ever walked or
steps you've taken if you've ever kept
track of it we hope you have a wonderful
night
if you're still watching we're still
here the other kids are in bed but Isaac
and you Lisa and Jeremy and I are
playing a game called pass the pigs
you're just like roll a little pair of
pig dice and it's surprisingly fun fun
game tossing piggies yeah when they were
funny 28:20 are you gonna keep going
yeah oh
Jeremy's had an epic comeback it's down
to these two no no yeah there we go read
it and weep
yeah you guys trying to eat the bubbles
but then there's also numbers on here so
I have no idea so this is our new family
read aloud
