a plane house yes plane house this
morning yeah she's a mommy I'm the daddy
her bag okay oh you got to fix it baby
how are you taking care of your baby
okay okay let's see where you're here
right so what happened got stuck how did
it get on that's the first question so I
was talking to Jeremy and I was picking
up the floor and I picked it up and I
just was holding it and I guess I was
just it's like really stuck I'll call
the fire department - I'm gonna get some
oil oh and I have like morning head this
is everything
you look so good you look cute
so for Isaac's Shore this morning he
decided to clean out from under Caleb's
bed we found all kinds of stuff that's
been missing like one of my socks was
under here our flashlights
there was a bunch of old library books
that we've been paying late fees on and
interested to see what else we're gonna
find in this pile all right you gonna
put it all away
whoo that's how long has been there hey
we need to get ready to go to the gym
okay we need to we need to change your
clothes are you chatting with my dad
wait
I'm your dad
is that your calculator phone yes all
right well my gym workout was awesome
this morning it was a yoga tai chi and I
just love how it's like relaxing and yet
so strengthening its it's a good workout
my mind's a little bobble by it and the
kids are eating their lunch yeah no my
ill I go like white oh you don't like
white macaroni and cheese you prefer
yellow macaroni and cheese favorite
yellow tell them what we're having for
vegetable today what are they called
plantain guys it's edamame
we got some steamed edamame and I put
some sea salt on it and anyway I was in
the other room and Kayla was saying how
these are really good we should have
these every day at least what's your
favorite vegetable they were just
chatted so I've never tried crock-pot
baked potatoes before but that's what
we're having for dinner tonight and I'm
gonna be gone until right before
dinnertime and so I'm excited to try it
we'll see how those n Vasilis has gotten
all the potatoes out she scrubbed them
we all done we put salt on them and now
she's been rolling them so yes miss
Elise is on top of dinner tonight so the
baked potatoes in the slow cooker hold
it yeah Dali's okay good job big girl
can you talk in that voice say say hi
I'm Caleb
that was a good one
she your Lord can you do it again say
happy birthday
auntie can you do it louder hey tears
Isaac is that is really good
my goodness please you want to give a
happy birthday a try hey you're chewing
yes and you've been taught no don't do
with your mouth full I'm working on that
for you Hannah Laura told all the
librarians that we saw today that she
was four hi I'm Laura I'm four hi I'm
Laura
I'm fellow girl how old are you Laura
you ready that sounds like a staticky
radio with like some like UFO coming
there someday so do you guys talk in any
voices I had friends in college who
would always talk with an English accent
or if there's a character that you try
to talk like for example Napoleon
Dynamite
I don't even know what's popular yeah
Donald Duck
so Jeremy saying is he has weird trends
you want more ages
she's buckled it is just torturing her
Kendra began telling the kids a story
and after the first sentence I was like
please stop and I went in ran and
grabbed the camera because I think you
guys would like to hear this story too
okay go ahead so once upon a time you
guys had a mother
her name was Kendra she looked really
really hard because she loved you guys
but she worked so hard that she went
crazy and she lost her temper doom so
she is going to go grocery shopping all
by herself right now
and daddy's gonna stay home and your job
is to clean the house clean luggage and
get ready for bed and when I come home
I'm going to read you this book
goodnight Jay house out
