so I decided to do something a little
different for breakfast I'm get an egg
put some sliced deli turkey meat on top
with tomatoes peppers and avocado and
cheese and the healthiest meal but I'm
excited about it all right so this
morning a bunch of ladies from my church
group are getting together to work out
in the church gym and the kids are
coming to play on one side of the gym
and then the moms workout on the other
side of the gym I'm excited and I'm a
little bit nervous the gym like workout
time with my friends from church went
really well it was mostly focused on
weights which was fun now we are over at
Aunt Michelle's house for piano lessons
for Isaac Lacey's starting singing which
is fun and we are playing with a Bella
and Ivy their cat and dog you're happy
Bella looks and I'm seeing your Daedra
me about getting a kitty again there is
just something so relaxing about sitting
here and petting a kitty cat
say hello Kimmy hi Kimmy can you pick
Kimmy what do you think is a kitty can
you I have one I'm really grateful that
Jeremy is able to come home and be with
us for lunch today
you got lunch ready for the kiddos I
went all out
can't butter and jelly we normally do
peanut butter and honey I grew up with
peanut butter and jelly is more the
staple so we mixed it up today i thrown
jelly in there did you tell him about
you Lise what she's gonna be doing next
week she was so good today
he's starting piano lessons next week
it's exciting so Isaac has been doing
piano lessons for about a year and a
half and Alise is getting started next
week so that's gonna be a big excitement
at our house
I've decided to add one final secret
ingredient so how many of you add chips
to sandwiches so you were supposed to be
reading and not in here when I busted
out my secret ingredient why you have
chips what are you talking to no chips
chips are my favorite so don't know what
it is but the kids always seem to come
out when I'm eating maybe maybe it's the
trinkle like they hear the noise it
triggers something in their brain they
start salivating and they're out of here
ready charges hang up just by chance
whoa lucky I think they're just smart
you got to get better at hiding it
Jeremy I know normally I'll stand in our
little pantry just like eating stuff out
of the bag with ice cream I'll just open
the freezer and like with the freezer
open which is like a ridiculous idea
have a spoon and I'm like eating out of
the ice cream that's embarrassing it's
doing that the kids are doing school and
I wanted to show you guys because we
started something new with them this new
year and they're learning cursive and
we're really having a lot of fun
learning it together what happened was
the kids came and asked me if they could
learn cursive and I was like if you ask
sure so we decided to go ahead and get
started with it they have cursive
workbooks this is the workbooks that
they're using he's sticking out his
tongue so we can really concentrate and
Lisi is doing some white board practice
so question what are your thoughts on
cursive I've taught my kids regular
handwriting first but now I'm teaching
them cursive and anyway there's just
some different schools of thought
personally I'm really grateful that I
learned cursive and I enjoy it all right
today's our crazy day now we're headed
into ballet
you show us your cute hat all right
let's get started so Jeremy and I came
up with a genius idea we are having a
weekly meeting like we have struggled
for a while to find the time to get
ourselves organized to you know be as
productive as we want to as a family and
on YouTube like we have lots of videos
and ideas and we have our time executing
them because we just can't seem to get
stuff done so we decided we should have
a planning meeting so that's what we're
doing and we're here at Jeremy's office
I just dropped elese off for ballet so
I've got an hour the other kids are with
a babysitter and I'm meeting up with
this handsome gent I would like to now
help you it's weird to do it at my
office but it's also kind of nice cuz
they're doing no distractions it's so
nice and his office space is so
professional
oh so one of the things that we're doing
is we're planning you know challenges
and collaborations and fun videos so
we'd love to hear in the comments below
what are the favorite kind of videos
that you see us do on our channel that
you'd like to see more of or what
suggestions do you have because that's
kind of stuff we're putting together
here so I came home and the kids had a
ton of fun with the babysitter but
apparently they're all hiding I've
narrowed it down to this room and I
think I know where they are
hmmm where could they be
shut the door come on did you utter the
babysitter yeah yes what are you doing
with your bag and I know you don't know
where are you going now you don't know
let's go eat dinner so since Jeremy and
I were coming home right at dinnertime
I did a crock-pot rice cooker meal so
dinner's ready so our meeting went
really well I'm really excited about the
idea of planning better together as a
couple like really prioritizing things
and we even made like action items of
like what we should try to get done
before I action eating did you hear dad
Oh get him go get
I almost know I had a hold of it
unfortunately it fell faced it I pulled
up some old school music on Pandora too
often I'm just listening to the newer
stuff so it's been so fun to listen to
some of the like early 90s 80s music
I've been really enjoying it I'll take
you guys I snuck downstairs so Kendra
couldn't hear me I'm wanting to do
something for her it's a surprise so
country if you're watching this don't
watch anymore
because I'm doing something for ya she
typically doesn't watch all of the vlogs
but I need you guys it's help for
Valentine's Day
don't tell Kendra you can't leave a
comment about this no comments
she sees the comments she doesn't watch
all the vlog but she does see the
comments I hadn't set up an email Jay
house Valentine at gmail.com Jay house
Valentine at gmail.com and I want to use
emails from you guys saying something
that you love about Kendra and I'm going
to do something cool with them so email
those to Jay house Valentine and
gmail.com and stay tuned to see what I
do with unfermented tax so Laura's been
in here for at least 10 minutes just
making faces at herself in the mirror
Jacob
