jungle get your clothes on alright as
most of you know I am NOT a morning
person I hate the mornings hmm so um
Jeremy had to leave super early this
morning he has a hearing kind of like a
trial today like there's witnesses
there's a judge there's anyway it's an
intense day for him and so I've got
morning Duty going on and I'm trying to
have a good attitude what more song you
want dance some more
all right let's do it
while we're making a video card match
brothers
okay ready strike a match brothers pose
ready do another one
the mantrap so Caleb just came in and he
said mom we're playing in my room but
there's a password to get in
so if you need us you need to come knock
on the door and say pony pony pony elese
Caleb Laura that's the password then
we'll let you in those cute yeah and
agarte hey you're the guard if people
don't know the pattern then they have to
go in the jail which I know what are
they galas oh this is serious stuff yeah
very good guard your door for somebody
comes without the password Laura what
you're working on and okay oh do you
need help your change in her diaper
seemed to your baby
don't let the baby fall out I'm watching
the kids play this morning and I'm doing
dishes and I'm doing laundry and just
you know getting dinner out for tonight
and stuff like that and I'm just filled
with a moment of joy like I love being a
mother
it is so fulfilling and wonderful to
watch these kids interacting and
learning and growing and to be able to
shape their experiences and to be able
to give them opportunities and love and
to try to be there for them and to fail
and see them fail and pick each other up
and to be a family like I really really
love being a mother I'm really grateful
for this opportunity in my life right
now I feel like I share my feelings so
often on days when I'm overwhelmed and
discouraged and sometimes I forget to
share my feelings on days when I feel
awesome and so today's an awesome date
I'm sorry sorry I was talking too loud
for Lisa's baby she's sleeping so he
came out to the post office today to
check our peel box because I haven't
done that in a while I'm sorry I always
forget let's go guys thank you which one
is it 28 I can't remember let's see huh
you were right I knew it so we get in
the car and the kids are all cracking up
because what I just said to calebs I was
like Caleb get your seat in your bum
that's so funny
cuz obviously I meant get your bum in
your seat get your seat in your bum
Caleb so I went to the post office with
my skinny jeans on and my wedges and as
soon as I came home I changed straight
back into my yoga pant you guys do that
all right we're breaking out of our
lunch rut today with bananas with
sprinkles on them
cucumbers turkey and tortilla chips with
cheese how is it guys go so the kids had
the cutest conversation
over lunch I really should have recorded
it but I just was in the moment so I
didn't grab my camera but anyway the
kids were talking about how they would
love to have another baby in our family
and I said your dad and I would love to
have another baby in our family too it's
it's just a little bit overwhelming it's
a lot of work like we want to make sure
that we can handle that work like we're
busy with four kids we want to make sure
that we are able to really well take
care of another baby and anyway then the
kids started talking amongst themselves
and Isaac was like the mom we can help
and I was like guys it's a lot of work
another baby means you know more laundry
and it means that mom's busy and mom
gets really sick I get super morning
sick for several months and so anyway
then Isaac and Elise and Caleb came up
with this plan and they were so excited
when I came back from putting Laurie
down for her nap and like mom we figured
it out and like what happened and Isaac
said mom we're gonna help with the
laundry we're gonna help with the dishes
and I'm gonna get out this cereal at
night and then Lucy's gonna pour this
year in the morning so we can feed
ourselves breakfast and then I'm gonna
help with lunch and least he's going to
sleep and anyway they had this whole
plan of how they were gonna work extra
hard so that we could have another baby
in our family and I just thought that
was so sweet
okay thank you guys all so much for your
notes and the drawings we really enjoyed
it Mackenzie sent a picture of herself
and some bracelets for us and Rylan made
this awesome J house and a lot of people
took some time to write notes to each
member of our family and we just wanted
to say thank you so thank you Canadian
Queen 76 Mackenzie Kaiser Gabi DD
Marissa Ben ray and Rylan I hope I got
everybody all right Caleb you want to
open that all right it's from Emily a
KitKat and is this Emily yay
what do you guys say yeah all right so
elese got a package in the mail with a
present in it from Julia excited you
would do yes you did a great job
wrapping it now only this part up I
wonder if it
oh it says about me right oh well are
you lecie it stuffed animals stuffed in
your own read aloud and a book thank you
so much
I'm the chocolate pace what's the
chocolate place I forgot what it's
called
but um it's called Hershey Transylvania
Hershey Pennsylvania first she said
something yeah and it has hot chocolate
and kisses because Hershey's taste like
kisses also and the lamps are shaped
like um kisses and they taste like
kisses chuckling we have to move there
all right Jay House is moving to Hershey
Pennsylvania because there's chocolate
there and we go where there is chocolate
so the kids are loving the boxes Kailyn
what are you doing in the box you're in
a box Laura what are you doing is that
your box so Caleb just told me that he
wants to climb in the box have me tape
up the outside and put them outside next
to the curb so he can be inside the box
and go somewhere where do you want to go
to those topics well but once we get you
at the post office where do you want to
go oh don't tell or you want to go to
Florida
yeah
a yet other post office in Florida so
the kids all on their own decided to
sketch this afternoon
how's it going bud they are deep so deep
in thought I've got this camera up their
nose they will not notice
so I just came up above to take a
picture of them and it just kind of
melts my heart well sounds like Jeremy
is not going to make it in home for
dinner tonight which is a bummer but I
also feel really blessed because that's
super abnormal for our family and we're
just grateful we usually get to have
them home for dinner with us so tonight
we're having chicken noodle casserole
mixed veggies and I'm slicing up an
apple hi Jeremy hi like this you when he
didn't even get to see you today I'm
trying to get them they've been doing
this for about five minutes just over
and over and over again it's pretty much
the cutest thing I've ever seen she's
looking at another baby of the day so
she's just staring him down
