all right so it's Sunday and we're
getting ready for church
last year our church met at 9:00 a.m.
and this year we're meeting at 11:00 so
we have a little more time in the
morning to have smoothies together and
dance around your living green hi guys
happy Sunday we are having friends over
for dinner tonight and so we are
cleaning our house because we want it to
look like clean people live here not a
crazy bunch of messy people oh we had
the best morning at church today like I
just left feeling really inspired all
the lessons kind of connected today
about service and just getting outside
of our routine and being more deliberate
about finding ways to make service a
part of our life so we're sitting around
just after our lunch and Kendra and I
have been talking about what service
we're going to be doing as a family
coming up and we thought we'd be just
open up to the kids and see what some of
their favorite service projects we've
done as a family work I like serving
people who I like giving bears to people
you liked giving the Bears to people
that was one of your favorite services
they see what 20 eggs remain favorites
are doing wheels on meals meals on
wheels I feel like it was fun I like
doing Salvation Army the ringing of the
bells feels so drinkie with my glasses
on I feel like I'm still getting used to
that okay so I am assembling our red and
white pasta it's a freezer meal so
here's the white sauce here's the red
sauce
I bought them here's the cheese that
goes on top so all I did was so you take
the white sauce bag and this is what I
love you don't even have to make a mess
you clip it and yes squeeze it I know
that may not look appetizing but it's
the most effective way to get this out
without having to like dirty more dishes
so you poo the white sauce onto the
noodles it's just gonna let's pretend
it's like frosting we receive pipe the
white sauce so you mix the white sauce
all in with the new
you're gonna pipe that along the top
that was not our kid screaming
downstairs that we have really lost
spiders in our house he really can't
figure out what's going on so I hear
Jeremy dumpster is dealing with the kids
as I'm spreading on the sauce and I hear
him like what happened and Kayla goes Oh
mostly I just started crying kids are so
random alright guys so I didn't start
the rolls as early as I usually do and
they're not rising
alright so in my effort to use a little
bit of heat to help the rolls rise they
actually started baking so now they're
like half baked but they were baked at
like 100 degrees so it ah why does this
stuff happen when you're having people
over so much let's see one Cardinal
three blue jays five robins and a ton of
chicken it's just the little birdies out
there
hey like a very nice out so sometimes I
feel really insecure when I'm hosting or
inviting people into our home like I
just feel nervous because my home's not
decorated the way I would like it to be
it's not usually clean the way I would
like it to be a food goes wrong my kids
like what they misbehave like I get kind
of worked up about it and then I just
have to remind myself and that's why I'm
doing right now like our friends aren't
here yet so I'm just like telling myself
over and over again like that's not why
I go to friends houses like I don't go
there to see their beautifully decorated
home I don't go there hoping it's
perfectly clean I don't go there and
expect perfect food like I'm there to be
with them to connect with them and to be
with real people that are going through
real life stuff and so I just have to
remind myself like that's what this is
about it's about connecting and being
friends and I can do that like loving
people is something I can do it all that
like outer stuff this stresses me out
let's see the makeup very pretty well
Laura got all dressed up so we have some
friends over
this is Ruby's sister from 8 passengers
this is Julie and her husband Landon I
know it's fun any time we get together
with vloggers it's they understand a
world that a lot of our normal friends
don't understand so it's exciting to get
to hang out and they're also your
situation Ellie from Ellie and Jared so
if you've seen them this is at least
this week Huey and they have three cute
little kids shining it on me yeah it's
righteous it's Kendra Stern so when we
hung out with Ruby she was like my
sister lives in your town and like walks
then we had to connect yeah we were
generally well so we're trying this new
bib we got from Ikea it's working she's
looking at another baby of the day so
she's just staring him down
is there someone over there
it's Porter ray say hi Porter it's its
Porter Porter say hi Porter hi Porter
whipping cream is one of Jeremy's
favorite things in life
oh here's the dessert that they brought
look at that
YUM and the kids have just been dressing
up all evening here's Emma she's all
dressed up oh you're super Elise all
right well we had a really good time
with Julianne Landon and we're excited
because they live in our town and so
we're gonna go do other stuff with them
next week we actually have a fun
adventure
they don't need to watch our vlogs
anymore they now know
so yes we're gonna go to Legoland with
them and the kids are just not looking
forward to it at all kela quits at
Legoland which Elena but what's there
what's there rio rye-oh their real-life
Legos they come to Olney dance around
we're gonna have to lower his
expectations Hey
Lego man's gonna be fine well that was
awesome Julian Landon and their family
are just so sweet and wonderful and the
kids had no idea what Legoland was so we
looked up a little video preview of
where we're going later this week now
are you guys excited yeah yeah let's
watch it again
oh yeah
I fell like this
