all right so we are headed into IKEA as
a family this morning and we're kind of
laughing because we just had a hilarious
experience getting Jeremy into this
contraption
I brought my four children to I because
I'm a head anyway um
we've never been to Ikea before at least
not here in the Kansas City area the
kids have never been and so this is
quite the Saturday adventure for us so
we're really excited to find out that
IKEA has like a childcare center this is
genius like we're really excited to try
it and the kids are excited to be here
so we're checking the kids into small
land
alright the clock is ticking we have one
hour before we have to come back and get
the kids but that looked like a fun kid
place there's like a huge ball pit so
IKEA is a unique store and that you
actually have to like walk through the
maze no there's shortcuts how are there
some shortcuts let me tell you about the
showroom though yeah so the whole place
is just set up as though it were
separate living rooms or kitchens or
whatever and you can go look at it and
then you go later to actually purchase
the stuff that you want there he is
haven't told you guys we're expecting
I think this might be a good storage
solution for some spots I've seen em
with like the bins and so I've always
talked that Sunday I want to have a
computer lab in our house and with
homeschooling our kids like we need more
computer access for them so we're gonna
have to buy all this I guess yeah coming
to Ikea is kind of a bad idea unless
you're a multimillionaire and you can
buy everything you want true it's pretty
inexpensive
except for that we want so many things
so IKEA is a Swedish company and being
here just reminds me of the month that I
spent in Sweden my ex stepmom you'll
have to watch the video about my
dysfunctional family to get a how all
this works but she's Swedish and she was
married to my dad for 13 years and I got
to spend a month in Sweden when they got
married and it was really a big deal for
me I was 12 years old and it was kind of
the first time that I was like oh
there's other countries besides the
United States it was a good experience I
needed it but I was wondering from you
guys where have you traveled outside of
your country and if you're not in the
United States let us know which country
you're from so we came to get some ideas
for our bedroom as we look towards
decorating our bedroom we've never had a
bedroom set never had like a comforter
and I'm feeling ready like it's time to
decorate our bedroom so I'm excited and
a little bit overwhelmed by it so we
came for some inspiration today we were
just looking at all these beds and Laura
says I want to sleep
she wants to climb on it you want this
one
nor what are you doing there pooping
what are you sitting on go catch up on
the toilet
did you flush this place has me
daydreaming and scheming about storage
solutions and trying to get more
organized it's it's a battle but this is
exciting so when you drop off your kids
they give you a pager and that's pretty
smart all right let's go get the kids
where's the kids how was it going
oh you hungry I'm hungry
honey I love the way they carry the
trays we need like every church bone
marrow - yeah we need this in our home
so we decided to try the IKEA restaurant
while we're here Jeremy got the Swedish
meatballs and a salad I got a veggie
wrap and the kids are trying out the
meatballs
we've been amazing through the
marketplace with all the kids just
trying to figure out how to get out and
we found a shortcut so I think we're
almost out because here this room it is
you
Oh
can't imagine why Laura's begging for
her turn on his shoulders
so on the way down here we started
reading aloud our next read aloud and
it's already a big hit it is sideways
stories from wayside school it's just
ridiculously hilarious I liked it I read
it growing up somehow Jeremy missed it I
read a lot of books Jeremy went to get
his hair cut so I'm sure he's gonna come
home looking quite dashing and the kids
are outside playing because it is
gorgeous so I made a rule you have to
stay outside and play because it is
gorgeous Lisi chose to color and I don't
know what these boys are up to Caleb why
easy to get a chair and why is it hula
hooping if you guys are playing football
oh this is a training break yeah does it
feel good yeah how about you dude yeah
so our freezer now for tomorrow got
frozen to the rack in the freezer so I
had to just pull out the whole rack for
it to defrost here but it's gonna be
good for tomorrow oh is this your house
whoo well very good can you guys fix it
up make it nice that's what we're doing
of course you make sure that they obey
okay okay and you are the bomb perfect
then you take care of your kids I'm
gonna leave the babysitter okay good mom
and they're going days to keep our
marriage good oh boy we won't a horse
it's called divorce
yeah it's important to keep the nor are
you sitting on my alright so we came
down to Crown Center in Kansas City
tonight to enjoy the area and to go ice
skating check this out
that's gonna be us
hopefully we don't fall we probably will
we're heading to the ice-skating rink
and as we're walking in our ice skates
Kendra says this feels just like walking
in my high heel wedges I saw black
I don't wear girl shoes this is so fun
alright so we are honestly a little
wobbly and mercy
Jeremy is going to get up bigger than I
am I'm struggling to remember my
people are crashing they invite rent I
feel so bad there's so many white bags
going there's a lot of kids so I think
most of what we're doing is trying to
like watch out for people
I fell - whatever
can I get that we didn't have any
alcohol
