we didn't have any alcohol how did you
sleep last night besides when you woke
up at 5:00 for an hour
look at that hair
Wow job
Caleb's getting some push-ups in do
those push-ups now can you actually want
to you actually want to bend your arms
there you go Lisi oh those are pretty
good push-ups ready
holy moly time right when I wake up oh
the push-ups bend your arms Laura she's
been injured what are you working on Oh
your name guys Laura is writing her name
hmm there it is what are you trying to
invent oh you're trying to invent a
rectangle look like hate all right let's
see it and you should get really high so
what does that make f king erecting or a
triangle yeah good job you made a sheep
kids can't always have n stuff kids can
invent stuff even grown
everybody can invent stuff huh I think
you need to push did you already started
for me oh you did you hurry buggy yeah
Caleb I push three chord and on you did
I'm so proud of you so Caleb I I just
asked him to go grab the camera and
currently he turned it on and start
recording it anyways I am doing spelling
with Elise today and it is so exciting I
am learning things with her that I don't
know about the English language like the
different way that we're teaching her is
such a different way of learning things
I love it I love learning new things
Haley see what do you think of spelling
Hey you love it
so how about you guys do you guys like
spelling I have personally always loved
spelling it's something I really enjoy
Jeremy not so much he doesn't that like
spelling but apparently she's on my team
go spelling it is gorgeous out today
like absolutely amazingly gorgeous I
think it's like 65 degrees I made all
the kids put jackets on when they came
out and I think everybody has ditched
their jackets like it's just what sunny
and really fun so the kids are outside
playing Isaac's got some sort of crazy
football game going on and these kids
are doing something that I probably
don't want to know the details about
what are you kids up to making chicken
noodle soup for all right that looks
like some amazing chicken noodle soup
yeah in a minute ourselves yeah good
work Thanks yeah friends came over to
play
oh wow you made your own home up here
that's our bed over there oh you guys
did you got it all set up okay enjoy
your breakfast Oh
just in case good idea kids are having
so much fun exploring the backyard since
it's been like a month or two since
they've been out out out here
it is so fun to be back home with our
wonderful friends and I just wish this
beautiful weather would stay I hope it's
I think it's supposed to say for this
weekend so we're gonna have some fun so
it's Friday night we just got the kids
their dinner and we just got a phone
call that we're going to tell the kids
about all right so we just got a phone
call from aunt Michelle and she was
wondering if all of you guys want to go
to a movie with her tonight
go see Hotel Transylvania 2 old enough
is it ready one of it top 10 on most pop
our movies watch 15 Wow and then you're
going to get to go see it who wants to
go it's just the kids and Michelle
Michelle no daddy and I get to go on a
spontaneous date night yeah
check it out guys this is our ride for
the night we have so many kids that when
people watch our kids like Michelle we
often trade vehicles with her because we
have so many car seats it's just easier
it's just like you just take our van
we'll take your car so we scored on that
one
we're at Cheddar's were waiting to video
like three different times so that's why
I'm anyway this is going to be the time
code area we're not going to edit this
one no matter what happens okay so we
are trying to improve our dating and we
have baby so you're set up for the next
several months or once a week things
like we've decided like we're gonna date
regularly we're gonna do it we actually
we've been kind of going through a
little bit of a rough patch with our
marriage to where we're gonna keep going
you know that's the weapon we have been
considering even like doing counseling
we looked into that and the pricing and
Kendra was like I think it'd be cheaper
to just have a good dating budget like
let's just spend a lot more time
together and have fun together and
really anyway we also checked out some
books from the library so don't worry
we're gonna be working on our marriage
in lots of ways but one of the ways is
by having lots of really fun date nights
like we're investing in it let's give
them an example about wanting to get
info I want to go rock climbing kendra
has a class that she wants to sign us up
for where it's dancing in the air no
it's called aerial fitness so you like
hang and like crazy yoga poses from it's
like circus Olay it looks really fun
sure he's gonna be hilarious doing it so
what is my cooking class so what do you
guys want to see us do on dates creative
ideas things that are fun that are
acting need suggestions because tonight
like here we had a base or last minute
and we ended up just eating out again
like we're like uh what should we do so
it's amazing how happy this little
buzzing can make us
we're loving their menu there's like all
sorts of different options to tribe I
have to be honest it is so hard to get
out when you're trying to eat bulky like
I really enjoy eating a majority but I
don't know how to do this without just
eating gas calories I'm just gonna eat
the calories
Oh
so we're starting with salad and they
brought us some free croissants those
look like really low calories you know
and when you see our dinner you'll know
that I've ditched all calorie thinking
it's out the window we're just gonna do
this so we decided to split one of their
signature sandwiches is called the Monte
Cristo and what it is is it ham and
turkey and cheese cheeses and it's
deep-fried and then you dip it in
raspberry preserves and it must produce
sugar on top
they said it tastes like a warm sandwich
inside a book on holiday and I know that
sounds weird but we were so intrigued we
had to give it a try
this is crazy
so
and good
it's like a raspberry filled donut and
reactions to have a camera to vlog from
again stare cons now I just get stuff
laughing really tired right now it
really wasn't that funny
we didn't have any alcohol oh it's
fucking crap what it earlier we just had
to like walk through and I was like this
is like amazing
German is like I think this many people
are gonna write there there's like 30
more bike racks at Cheddar's they're
like really far from everything else
like are we it's not at all
but you were funny people are smiling
because you're crazy
Junior Seau she's still that little girl
is so excited to see you Hey
