what is your sneeze like what
hi are you a princess can you show me
your dress there it is her dress ooh
nice moves where you guys going this
morning to the gym again you excited
yeah why are we going can again again
moms it's January and mom's into it
she's going again
she loves it hopefully she can keep
going and going and going
yeah so she can get stronger than you
she gonna she said she'll be able to
beat me up that's a problem we'll have
to do an arm wrestling match did he do
his hair oh that's a problem Laura did
you get your hair done but gave in me
the things I need a tsundere boss see
the Lord's been good to me
all right let's get your shoes on really
cute kid it's what he kept luckily so
Isaac's been sucking non-stop about
football this morning well who do you
want to win this Super Bowl are you
asking the viewers yeah and it's the
Denver Broncos Austin yeah Carolina
Panthers who do you want
kaneki the Panthers so for me once the
Kansas City Chiefs and Arizona Cardinals
were out I kind of lost interest that's
just me good morning we are headed into
the gym this morning
I've been going like every day since we
got my membership so I'm really enjoying
it I've been you know going on the
elliptical lifting some weights running
on the treadmill I went to a Zumba class
but today I'm trying a different classes
called body flow it's like a yoga tai
chi Pilates supposed to be very like
centering so I'm excited to come out
Center well we survived our trip to
Walmart oh she's getting tired
it is nap time I came in for a couple
things and look at that I have like a
whole bunch of stuff that's what happens
at Walmart like you come in having
forgotten one or two things and then you
have a whole bunch of stuff you need to
get but I'm excited about some of it
that's always fun so we just got home
for lunch and I have to show you guys
Jimmy's hair where is he
there's his hairdo I decided to bring
the comb into the picture comb my hair
the fridge is open how is it open where
is the open spot I'm glad at beeps cuz I
had no idea was open the freezer the
freezer try the freezer yeah got it
anyway so yeah I decided to comb the
hair it when it gets longer it's harder
to not comment kendra loves this look
it's her favorite so here's the question
of the day which way do you prefer to
prefer Jeremy's hair combed or do you
prefer it his other whole other way so
let us know he says that combing is
coming back it's coming back we're
bringing it back
we're bringing it back so Kendra was
getting ready to I think sneeze it like
didn't come out I was like huh nothing
it scared me to death and then I think
it was about 10 or 15 seconds later yet
again I saw its knees because everybody
asked me do you guys have funny sneezes
like different people try to do at
different ways like the hold it in
sneeze um then there's like the super
loud sneezers you know we're allowed
anyway do you have an interesting sneeze
let us know in the comments below
laura what is your sneeze like what
Wow how do you sneeze a normal can you
show us just like that so I thought
Kendra's being so cute she's over here
free packaging for treats so that she
knows how many calories there so how
does this work out it's just you know
those hundred calories snack packs if
it's essentially I'm just making my own
so I bought dark chocolate covered
almonds there's good one of my favorite
snacks and in 1/4 of a cup there's 110
calories so I'm just dividing it out
because once I open it I just like keep
going and going and going without even
realizing I'm using by the way I really
won't be offended if you didn't like my
hair I just walked by a mirror and it
kind of freaked me out so you can be
honest alright so the kids are all doing
math right now Isaac's excited good
people paid less than 2 min it gives me
one minute and six seconds so this is a
new math curriculum we're trying out
with him it's a mastery map so he's
going through the math facts and he's
got a sheet of paper and then there's a
time on the bottom and it says that's
your target time so he's supposed to be
able to do the sheet in that amount of
time so it's like speed drills for the
math facts and so I'm starting off him
off at the beginning level to kind of
see where the right spot is for him and
he totally killed the first page let's
see how it goes from here
Oh taking long time right so I'm having
one of those days where I feel like I'm
losing my mind like I feel like all of
my children are needing me constantly
and like going from one child to the
next child to the next child like I got
Isaac's up in his math and he lease it
up in his math and in her mouth and he
lives set up with an activity and then
by then Isaac has a question about his
map and then he leaves knees up with
this and then I'm getting reading done
and then I'm asking kids to do this and
then they need to be reminded 22 times
and then Laura's waking up and then the
laundry needs be folded and they need to
start dinner and I'm like I'm losing my
mind that's all that little girl is so
excited to see you lipid I think it's my
daddy
so we're eating these baked chimichangas
mine included
nacho sauce Kendra opted out of the
nacho sauce for health reasons that just
means more nacho sauce for me
just doing a fly
oh god no do you invent a game one let
our kids like each other at least most
of the time
no Knights defend the right while mighty
dragons roll tonight J house out chase
ow ow it down now turn your head already
see bringing it all the way that way I
put both your arms straight up
