yeah move your shoulders up natura your
head and always good morning we are
trying desperately to try to get back
into some sort of a normal life we had
Christmas then we had our three and a
half we growed trip and then we've been
home for only a week and in that time
Laura any least both had birthdays so I
feel like all normalcy is out the window
and we're just trying to regain order in
our lives
anyway I'm starting off my morning with
a smoothie which is one of my favorite
breakfast it has kale and orange juice
and some yogurt and some strawberries in
it so I'm getting really frustrated with
our blender though because it's
basically non-functional like I have to
you know blend it up in like little tiny
amounts and like shake it up and stir it
up and so I'm really daydreaming about
getting one of those nice blenders that
like actually blends things but I can't
decide which one to get I know there's
Blendtec and there's another big one
what's the other big brand of Vitamix
Vitamix is that one or there's Ninja
which is kind of like a lower-cost
option anyway how's the smoothie good
you like it oh you think you can even
you have a smoothie now so what Russia
seven and a half in when I'm a dad is
yogurt and smooth Malone it's kind of
cold I have a little bit of brain freeze
did you drink it online you want more
let's see there you go all right so
here's what's for lunch today it's so
nice to be able to be just be having fun
and being a little bit more creative and
getting out of our lunch rut what's your
favorite part Caleb
the popcorn is right here the red
berries no you playful wrappers all
together okay sighs they're grateful for
strawberries I'm grateful for damn I
read before the vlog all people to watch
you're grateful for strawberries and I'm
grateful for you me yeah we love you the
viewers are me I'm gonna say I'm good
for you our viewers you guys very cool
I'm grateful for this time Suns cool the
Sun has come out it's supposed to be
warmer this weekend which I'm really
excited about sorry it sounds like
there's a rocket ship leaving my house
it's just my washing machine all right
so we are currently in a bit of a
co-sleeping nightmare at our house so
here's the deal Jeremy and I have always
just had our kids sleep in their own
beds they sleep better that way we sleep
better that way and so that's just kind
of what we've always done but on this
trip that we just went on we were often
sleeping as a whole family in one room
and so if Laura woke up in the mill the
night she was in an unfamiliar place and
so we would just put her into our bed
with us and she would sleep in there the
problem is that our trip was three and a
half weeks long so now she thinks that's
the norm and so since we've been home
like when she wakes up in the middle
tonight instead of just being able to be
soothed and put back to bed are you
trying to climb on my lap come here
beautiful anyway so instead of just
being soothed in the middle of the night
like she used to be now she thinks she
has to come sleep with us and so last
night you know she wakes up and she
actually woke up Elise who shares a room
with her and so we brought her into our
bed after several several attempts to
get her to go to sleep in her own bed
and then she only wants to sleep on Mike
hello like it drives me crazy I'm left
with like four inches of the bed and
then she turns sideways and like kicks
me in the face and I'm like oh my
goodness just go sleep in your own bed
I've never had to break a kid of Akko
sleeping habit because we've never been
Co sleepers and so I don't know how to
get her to sleep
our own bed but I want my bed back miss
Laura where do you want to sleep tonight
my yeah in your bed where's your bed ah
there it is si lightly is it in there I
don't think your pinkies are in there
look in your hands I think your binky's
are in your hands
Billy Billy all right take good night to
our viewers it's not time daddy's not
home right now can you say daddy's at
work Bobby
cake night daddy's feet are working yeah
but a little bit will do another little
drama name too bad too so Elise is doing
a really fun activity with reading today
we that's right wing mm max good job
looks gross but it smells good does it
all right so for dinner tonight we were
doing a freezer meal and it's a crock
pot meal it's called cook once eat twice
once twice yeah do I start for me yeah
all right so this meal is a roast and
we're going to have sliders and french
fries with it tonight and then tomorrow
we're going to take the leftover meat
and we're gonna make it into baked
chimichangas I know I really like that
what does it smell like this was like
chicken this is my chicken so I'm
flipping her fingernails and I finished
and she feels for thumb and she says
this one has problems I'm like what I've
never heard her say that word before can
you see problems adorable we are wishing
that it was going to be warm enough to
play outside this afternoon but they
don't think it is but this weekend
supposed to be super former so you think
we should try we'll see what the kids
can talk me into but at the moment Isaac
and I are playing a grueling game of
mastermind he got his answer in three
turns last time ha okay guys I got two
whites and a red well they talked me
into venturing outside and I'm glad we
did they are loving it I don't know how
long we'll last because it is a little
chilly but they're happy how are you
okay show me how you break whoa where's
the gas station right yes okay oh good
I'm glad it's so close all right but
how's it feel to be on your bike again
feels weird yeah cuz it's been a long
time do you think it's harder to ride
your bike because you have less teeth
now normal normal normal okay so I just
asked Laura to help me clean up and I
said go push your car in and I was
pointing to her little red like little
tykes car and I hear in the background
she's like her and she goes to a hard
mom and I said okay I'll get it over the
little edge of the driveway and so I
push it into the garage and I turn
around and she is pushing our actual van
as hard as she can and she goes her too
hard mom too hard did you try to push
the van Laura what
cop crush crush take a load I think she
said Christmas she must do Christmas mmm
and Laura want you want to do clap look
at the sunset tonight loving it
well I had a super long day of
depositions on a new case that's come up
it's a complex business litigation
matter so tell me about your work do you
work where do you work
what do you do what's exciting going on
any work did you just get a promotion
like I'd love to hear something about
your work in the comments below so let
us know what's so fun to see the kids
running around outside well this is
definitely one of my favorites so good
so it's been so cute the last several
days kendra has started doing a yoga
routine with the kids before they do it
they offer messed it up to your Laura's
deeper okay
say that raise your arms straight up hmm
move your shoulders up yeah yeah now
turn your head all the way this way
keeping your head all the way that way I
put both your arms straight up point
flex point
let's now try to catch its Alice thanks
for watching we'll see you tomorrow in J
house out I love you too
