and then you chill your present
Kayla forty is today Laura's birthday
come here I wanna show all the presents
the other presents were gonna get out at
lunchtime today good morning today is
Laura's birthday and she was up in the
night time and she has a fever and she
already told me this morning her tummy's
not feeling good so I was kind of
surprised she even wanted to walk out
here so we're gonna see how today
changes based on how she's feeling are
you feeling a little bit better so we
planned a birthday breakfast for her
favorite things today which she likes
yogurt and strawberries and hard-boiled
eggs and right now she's only interested
in the egg but that's a good sign that
she's interested in that I hope she
starts feeling better hey mom what do
you get the yogurt yes I can yes I can
and strawberries nor do you want some
yogurt what is it yes that's the yolk
that's the inside of the egg mmm
honestly I don't know there's the white
part around the outside then the yellow
parts the inside
we saw Ella's cheese it's not cheese but
looks like cheese she does look a little
bit like cheese happy birthday to you
for blood I'm so close
is it is your present alright so we put
the kinetic sand that Laura got into
this bin and I do realize all the colors
are gonna get all mushed together any
minute but it's kind of fun to start
with some colors and she dug right in
she's been all focused I love that this
is a whole new sensory thing for her to
be able to play with
how does it feel Caleb but still smells
really weird in this really pleased up
even at a theme park you can play this
at like a beach on yeah look at that did
you do it Laura thanks for finally
giving this to Nora look at that oh good
work or which one did you build yes you
built that one good work
wish my house luck will we survive Oh
did it work yeah way to go so we're
having Laura's favorite snack today what
are you eating my plank your popcorn my
ball is that your bowl what are you
doing I don't know what's that called
when it works like that do you remember
yeah it's called static electricity
ah who taught you how to do that so for
Laura's birthday kyndra made a grab bag
of activities on Laura loves to do okay
Laura pick one out what are we gonna do
first can you give me a big thumbs up
can you shrug your shoulders say I don't
know gender ester to make a silly face
this is what we got you're trying to
open it is that Mickey Mouse Mickey
Mouse oh I love you too it's not for
Isaac it's from Isaac bathtub crayons so
you can color in the bathtub
yeah give Isaac hugs
light blue that's like it's nice little
did you like it
so we got the girls something matching
for their birthdays and so they're
opening them together Laura you trying
to put it on oh she was mama to help you
all right well Laura wanted a Minnie
Mouse cake and this is what we're doing
for her we're just keeping it really
simple to get closer Eddie
no hard you can eat it right now and
Mandy so this is as much of the cupcake
as Laura ate and we know that part of
that is because she's not feeling
awesome today but we've also noticed
that she doesn't really like cake she
prefers ice cream so tonight when we
have family over instead of making her
cake we're doing ice cream sundaes
well I just got Laura down for her nap
and because she's not feeling super well
she just cuddled in my lap and I tried
to lay her down and she was fussy about
it so I just decided to hold her longer
and she ended up falling asleep like on
my shoulder and it was so sweet because
I mean she's growing up there was not
going to be that many more times if her
sleeping on my shoulder so it was a
really tender moment and then I put her
down because I had to come out and take
care of my other crazy people who I had
getting started on school so they've
done their reading time and now Isaac is
working on a symmetry activity so the
ruler is his line of symmetry and he's
trying to make everything exactly
symmetrical so Britney Michelle and
their kids are here and we are
celebrating Laura's birthday with some
ice cream and presents and pizza
you're - Laura how old are you boy
so the kids have been loving their
bathtub crayons and Kendra is literally
dancing and kicking around the house
because she's going to the gym tonight
I'm pretty so I'm not just going to the
gym alone I'm going with a friend you
are you convinced her to come so I get
to go work out and I love that feeling
in the evening so right here literally
when I dancing I was like I'm gonna get
that she's like no she's too embarrassed
but it was pretty cute how much that uh
all night she's been like prancing and
dancing around it's so wet II seem to
you about how I'm so grateful that
you're letting me just go work out and
you put me on the kids to bed so by
later
so tonight with celebrating Laura's
birthday I was just thinking about there
was a time where I told Kendra I wasn't
really sure if I wanted another kid
after three it was really overwhelming
to f3 and there was a lot of stress
associated with it and anyway but now
with having her these last two years
like what would life be like without
Laura she's brought so much happiness
and so much joy to our life like I'm
just really grateful that we made that
choice and the blessing that it's been
to us I love Laura J house out now it is
time to bake these girls gonna make some
homemade pizza
