I'm coming up is it your birthday
tomorrow
all right today is Elise's birthday
party and we have friends here and we
are going to have some fun we're going
to get them all dolled up like they're
getting makeovers and we're going to be
cooking and this is a happy day at our
house ooh fancy oh yeah he did
now it is time to bake these girls gonna
make some homemade pizza
yeah these look like good pizzas so the
girls assembled and cut everything in
this salad bar so we made a raspberry
cherry 7up punch they were serving to
the little girls
Thank You Elise wanted to have everybody
be able to cross their own cupcakes so
they're having fun and getting creative
with that the good so everyone smile
this man gets bit by a deep cleaning bug
and he is currently scraping out the
grooves in our table the floor was
already a disaster and the little sticky
parts on the sides just drive me crazy I
think I have a little bit of OCD in me I
don't know if a butter knife is the best
tool of choice but it's working it works
it works
job so I'm really excited I got my gym
membership today and I kind of feel like
it's New Year's because we just got home
from our trip and I'm excited to start
really focusing on some of my New Year's
resolutions and my big New Year's
resolution this year is to work on
myself emotionally you know there's a
lot of things in life that are outside
of our control and I really want to
focus on what I can control which is the
behaviors that I'm choosing and the way
that I'm taking care of myself and
exercise for me is a big part of that
like I really feel a strong effect on
myself emotionally when I'm exercising
so I'm excited to get back into that
groove they have a fun like Zumba class
which I'm excited about over there too
and anyway I'm also excited because I do
have a secret fitness goal and it is to
lose my baby weight which Laura's like
almost too so I don't think I can call
it baby weight anymore it's just weight
that I haven't bothered to get rid of
and so I'm excited I really hope to get
healthier physically and healthier
emotionally and I think it's amazing how
those two things so often go
hand-in-hand so that's why I make it
tonight
somebody's pretty cuddly today you know
snuggle bug he's been snuggly
we've cuddled him and read him stories
and we're trying to get some work done
and he is firmly attached to daddy's leg
how are you feeling today buddy yeah
good so Kayla
surprise us in the middle of the night
with a little present what was the
present in the world of the night hmm
what happened in the middle of the night
poo poo everywhere diarrhea
completely overflowed into the bed
we had to bathe em I think we were up
for an hour in the middle of the night I
will never be the same like it was life
altering the amount of poo that we dealt
with last night we changed his sheets
Jeremy gave him a shower we did a whole
love andriy it wasn't exciting for a.m.
husband this is a good workout
your big girl how old are you try
oh you're four I thought you were
interested four and a half yeah I got
your journey to five four are you big
hero
ah what are you drinking no bit of juice
do you like it thanks for sharing
I love you too
so Jeremy and I are sitting here and
Laura is with us and she is just talking
up a storm and it is so sweet like I
thought my little mother's heart was
gonna just break nice and your turn
thank you yellow get every last bit to
yourself she successfully raised a bunch
of nerds
