that's what and Ashley is in labor what
does that mean so at least got the
coolest present from her grandparents
for her birthday I'm building of the
castle you are building an Elsa and on a
Lego castle
so look Elise has built all of this so
far and it's gonna be even taller and oh
she built all these little things
yesterday hi who are you guys
well hi Ola it's good to see you we're
waiting for up Elsa to come have you not
built Elsa yet oh not yet as I'm playing
with her and say where's Elsa what is
also gonna be built so at least what do
you think of Legos I love them so we've
had Legos for the boys for a couple
years and at least has played with them
kind of here and there but she's never
really gotten into them but I think
having her own set has really been fun
for her and I've been really impressed
with this set because she not only is
enjoying building it but she's like
creatively playing with it and I just I
love that I love seeing her excited and
engaged so how you doing I feel like
there's a surprise
so coming home from vacation has been
wonderful like it feels amazing to be at
home but it also is a little bit hard
like you have to kind of transition back
into all of your normal routines and so
we're definitely struggling like that a
little bit but we're going to get it we
just have to kind of be patient with
ourselves for a few days as you know
like the kids get back into their
bedtime routines and their morning
routines and I get back into my like
doing the dishes and taking care of the
house routine so we're getting there
Elise had such a good idea about she was
creating stuff out of her cheese and
pretzels
pink or I found the perfect little
reading nook well I don't know how many
books we checked out but I know that I'm
glad that Jeremy and Isaac are both
helping carry the bags of books and
here's my big old bag my back she
successfully raised a bunch of nerds
well that little chant was completely
unprompted by us but I'm glad that they
love going to the library and getting
books and hopefully they'll always feel
that way one of my personal goals this
year is to read more myself like I read
aloud a lot to my kids but I don't read
very much personally and so that's
something I wanna work on I was just
thinking the same thing I want to
finally read a book he's gonna read a
book books no I was thinking about it
like I want to read The Hunger Games
like I know I haven't read it it would
be fun so my question is is that a
little bit feminine like I don't know
any boys that I've read hundred games I
think that that might be true of the
werewolf Breaking Dawn all of those what
was that one called Twilight yes oh you
got me baby I think I might like
Twilight - but um so I think of was
twizzler and Twitter I was like Whistler
Twitter
Riley okay sorry no reason I think it'd
be fun to read those and I don't mean
the Hunger Games
I think Hunger Games is all my fruit
girls so there's always like big books
that come out like The Hunger Games
Twilight Harry Potter what's the book
right now
like what what's the series that
everyone's into what are you guys
reading so let us know in the comments
below what are you reading and what
should we read so I don't really read
fiction unless it's like really classic
I like classics but I just don't read a
lot of fiction yeah I don't read it all
I read hundreds of pages every day and
it's boring legal stuff what are your
keys like case law and I don't know what
they call those things he reads but it
looks fun
so I want to read some actual fun stuff
so these are picture prompt pages called
doodle loops and so we all started with
the same shape and then you all can
create whatever picture you want you can
turn it any different direction it's
kind of like a creativity building art
activity that we're doing as a thing you
can invent
ever you want it to be so we're hoping
the kids get their dad's artistic
abilities not mine this is like legit
Jeremy so I got a little carried away in
the moment you know this was a really
fun creative I mean how often do you get
to color yeah surrounding honey lime
chicken enchiladas for dinner tonight
through the corn yeah it's a freezer
meal it's one of our favorites they're
just so good and some rice so I'm
dishing it up when I realized that I
forgot an entire ingredient like on top
of the tortillas goes in enchilada sauce
and
half-and-half I forgot the half-and-half
so it's not going to be as yummy but at
least it's going to be healthier I hate
it when that happens
guess what and Ashley is in labor what
does that mean it means that gosh this
baby is gonna come out of her tummy oh
yeah perhaps a little bit gonna thing
because your clothes are gonna fit
alright well the kids are enjoying a
movie and I am heading out late tonight
to go grocery shopping and I feel like
in the winter time I don't want to go
out at night ever like I think the Bears
have the right idea I just want to
hibernate I just want to stay home
curled up under a blanket but I got some
stuff I gotta get finalized for evcs
birthday party tomorrow and Laura's
birthday we are just partying non-stop
over here somebody's looking tired are
you tired yeah your she's getting tired
all right you guys stay warm I'm gonna
go out and brave the cold yeah yeah
birthday cake flavored gum yeah I don't
always want to go
