I just screamed at the top my life
because I was so startled
sir birthday you think you grew last
night yeah yeah are you bigger it's all
about you know six such a great here I
can just be a little my moment now you
see which one you think your daddy
wrapped for you
what park would yourself that's right
here cuz it's kind of crazy pants cuz of
how pretty it is
oh yes always do you like the curlies
so my rappin is a little creative hey
good job
we're proud of you for your first time
babe she thinks you've never rapped
invisible boy I just do it a little
creatively there's no wrong way to wrap
a present
alright we see this one's from Laura
let's do it any breaks listed and oh um
really like this book Laura jus birthday
coming up
yeah is that necklace Laura's or
Lizzie's Oh yep is for lease and happy
yeah alright this one's from Isaac he
wrapped it himself
yeah Oh birthday cake flavored gum hey
yeah I don't always want to go this way
all right let's see it awesome music
what is it Lucy al something I've got
quite a bitch yeah and my club is Laura
a little bit already presents we see
it's a jewelry box yeah and it goes
this is helper yes Laura Thank You Gail
alright at least you wanted muffins and
hard-boiled eggs and strawberries for
breakfast yeah
I'm six today only shaking of a happy
day with my fairy yeh alright Lacey is
braids in the hair could jog in the
braids logged it this side I did we're
teaching her what are you doing Laura
okay what are you painting Laura
painting your eyes
nice work Laura I made cake did you make
your birthday cake what kind did you
pick strawberry hmm
I'm excited thanks for making that you
need help help me yeah what do you need
help with Petey dress what color is it
it's not blue what color is it pink
good job
you
alright this is happiness for a mom all
four kids are playing together are you
making something making jam Isaac for
you here's Lacey's new cupcake tool what
do you think of it Lise
here's the cupcake Miss Elise made for
me it's got play-doh Plus on top which
is a different kind of play-doh it has a
bit of a different texture well you're
making beautiful cupcake sweetheart very
nice she wanted some mac and cheese and
mannered
I got to soup I think Jeremy's gonna
share though it's true
Who am I and sing a song for ya alright
so we see what's something that you want
to learn when you're six early right now
yeah now that you're six what can they
you looking forward to this year hmm
probably it's a good goal
you're gonna go to Disneyland this year
can I come with you
oh I like
and it's actually so it's like we want
to when you're on a plate it's like
three hours away about that how far it
is how expensive isn't it
when I created three dollars really for
all of us a lot of money or a little bit
of money and the commercial tells if you
have been to this rule and I'm making
ice cream soup today
hmm
Louisa's is like blowing
so we're going to pick up the other kids
aunt Michelle was babysitting them so we
could go to lunch alone with Elise and
we were just talking about her birthday
party it's this coming weekend and it's
gonna be awesome it's a makeover cooking
party any lease came up with the whole
thing herself hi hey Jimmy come get you
she has a little be costume one look at
you she's not gonna want to leave let
you do it so Laura comes over and puts
your hands up on the table and says my
nails to mom you say no to that
Lacey where we headed to ballet class to
ballet class and if you've been watching
our vlogs lately you know I absolutely
had to take this little peanut with me
she has been begging to go to ballet
class for weeks Laura where we going
Lisa's ballet
are you coming yes
hey baby go home now yeah no what do you
want to do you want to watch ballet yeah
maybe next time okay we gotta go get
Lisa's birthday party ready for her
Rumble help me do the cake I just
screamed at the top of my lungs because
I was so startled because I was pushing
down on the lid and it went out from
underneath me so I only screamed because
it's like my startle reflex so
essentially I go like this Oh whenever
even like minor things happen it's
particularly dangerous when driving with
Kendra sure like I'll be driving along
and she'll see someone on the side of
the road or get a text message or
something that's happy and she'll go no
I'm like so scared that I almost run
into somebody like oh nothing I just
remember you need to buy no I think I'm
like running over someone or about to
get in a car accident it runs in my
family my sisters have it - its genetic
sorry Lisa already doesn't we've seen
Lisa do it it is its genetic right we
have friends here we're partying
everybody's our friends this is my open
a present
dress
you
