he runs up early class
all right good morning it is back to
real life today the kids are headed into
their one day a week school program that
they go to Wow I like really can't
believe that happened I can't believe we
made it on time I went grocery shopping
last night and got stuff and pack their
lunches like it's just been crazy like
we've only been home for like eight
hours so I'm glad they're here and least
he's so excited she's the student of the
week so she has to give like a little
show-and-tell about herself and she
picked out frosted pink frosted cookies
for her birthday treat so they're gonna
have a good day ready to go to the
library yes is it cold out there let's
go so poor Laura she was buckled in here
all day yesterday and then now she
thinks I think that we're going on
another long drive but we're not we're
just going to the library
okay runnin runnin Kaleb did you find a
spider do you have a scary ladybug yeah
five flies let me help you put it on or
are you a little chicken
are you guys eating your cheese alright
so this is our favorite grocery store
they have car carts and they give the
kids a slice of cheese while I shop so
the kids are happily sitting there with
your cheese so I'm pushing along and a
lady stops me and asks if Caleb and
Laura are twins which I totally get oh I
just missed my aisle I totally get they
look a lot alike but they are slightly
different in size so I remember when I
was like 16 years old somebody asked if
I was a twin sister with my older sister
who's three years older than me and I
think I was a resemblance but she's like
five inches taller than me and I was I
just so here's my question is it your
birthday is almost your birthday Laura
has anybody ever confused you as a twin
with someone let us know I think those
are always really funny stories to hear
well today is definitely a get er done
chor day around this house I'm really
grateful for my freezer meal that's so
nice to be home to them I'm so excited
to eat a home-cooked meal tonight
instead of some like chicken nuggets
somewhere but anyway we're having
lasagna soup for dinner and we're having
some rolls to go with it
and then really what I'm trying to
tackle today is the laundry getting
cleaned it from the trip and getting the
whole house clean from Christmas because
tomorrow is Elise's birthday so I have
to kind of get that ready too so I'm
feeling overwhelmed to be honest um but
also like enthused like I kind of feel
like it's New Year's Day like I'm like
alright let's dig in let's do this
because I've been gone forever and so it
feels good to be back home and working
and yet in the back of my mind I'm also
exhausted from our trip and I'm like
okay I have a lot to get done I am
excited for a normal home-cooked meal
whatever I ate at that last truck stop
didn't sit well it's still fighting with
my entire immune system hey Jamie yeah
what's the best part about being home I
have my own Christmas presents rtu we
had to leave those huh which president
are you most excited to play with well
they sent me this was one of
I'm excited to do this one the puzzle
well I got a text from the kids school
and they did an early release today
because of the weather and I looked
outside nice like the roads aren't that
bad and then I started driving and I
slid at the first stop sign and then I
went super slow and so now we are home
safe and sound but I am just ready to be
done driving in winter weather there's
not a lot of accumulation but there's
ice underneath that little bit of snow
it was like a freezing rain so yeah I
think we're going to stay on tonight all
right
be honest who else's Christmas tree is
still up I know I can't be the only one
but yes our live Christmas tree is still
up look how sad that looked so we are
going to take it down the kids are going
to help me which will be so helpful
all right we think we got all the
ornaments now it's on to the lights are
we taking them or the tree because we're
done with it why are we done with it why
do you think we're done with our
Christmas tree I don't know you look so
precious
she ate dinner really fast so that she
could get her tutu back on those are
beautiful dance moves do you do ballet
yep go ballet yep
okay go downstairs and do ballet okay
good about aim one of the kids got
silly-string for Christmas and all right
well it's officially down the Christmas
tree is gone and I vacuumed up like a
bajillion of the pine needles from the
tree
you've already committed
yeah
it turns out
your arms up what's tomorrow
my birthday you so excited yeah I just
want to go to sleep so my birthday go
faster your can you say happy birthday
my palm o connell um your birthday is
coming it's next week can you say happy
birthday to release hey how's that help
out and happy birthday to me
and huge Amara wow this is no joke this
is serious
alright Isaac is my little birthday elf
tonight he is helping mix up the muffins
for Elise's breakfast tomorrow morning
and he was amazing and help me clean up
the front room I mean it was a big deal
today to try to unpack from a trip do
laundry from a trip take down Christmas
do regular life and get ready for a
birthday and this guy helped make it all
possible
excited for Alise yeah I think she'll
really like her present
you think so I mean you've been six
before it sticks a pretty fun year
Phoenix is so far it's been my second
favorite who what's your favorite ear
seven mmm
but then is five no then it's three were
kids
um because I really like fancy and then
five four and then two one zero I didn't
like zero because I cried a lot and
because I didn't get half as much fun
you had lots of fun I held you and I
gave you milk and when you pooped I wipe
your little head I can't cry no well
that's okay I love you buddy thanks for
helping me
