you
you guys the IAT is closed
you guys the IAT is closed I guess
there's a really short section of it
where there's like really bad weather
and there's been a bunch of huge crashes
with semi trucks we were hoping to make
it all the way home but we are now
stopped away but we are now stopped in
Wyoming but we are now stopped I'm
trying to tell them that we stopped in
Wyoming this is serious
no laughing at all but we are now
stopping hey stop there laughing so we
gonna stay in a motel in Wyoming
the winter weather advisory keeps going
until tomorrow night
so the road may or may not open tomorrow
but it looks like this is a much better
place than Tucumcari New Mexico no
offense to those of you who are watching
over from Tucumcari well we're going out
to pick up some milk for this little
girl and we're going to get some pizza
for this little girl oh and some
breadsticks I'll share with the whole
family
yeah so I'm not normally much of a
conspiracy theorist but I'm starting to
wonder if states like Wyoming and New
Mexico have found that when they close
their highways their states make a lot
more money
and so I kind of want to go back and
research how many times the roads were
closed back in like the 80s and the 90s
compared to now and see if there's been
a dramatic increase if so my theory
might be correct so in the elevator
Laura pushed the emergency call button
and it actually like contacted someone
we had to explain to them how we
accidentally push the emergency call
button
they put those really low yeah uh you
had it I know let the record show Jeremy
have it I don't care who at it none of
us had it that's true I'm just let her
getting in maybe in here do I have a
remote control why do you have a remote
control did you bring that where's the
video we saw the remote control from
Robbie I think I'll head back downstairs
now maybe push the emergency call on the
elevator on the way down
so they didn't have the Disney Channel
here so we're watching some of our old
blogs
this was our yoga challenge kids yoga
challenge oh look a little more is
guess what we came down to breakfast and
the roads are open I'm subsided let's
hit the road let's get out of here let's
go what are you looking forward to at
home snuggle like teddy bear and um
sleeping by you
oh no bed yes boobies early in my ballet
class yes
oh it's great so fun to be home I'm
excited to go for my Christmas toy
because I've only gotten to where my
Christmas George one day it's so true so
we left the morning after Christmas
December 26 is the day that we left on
this road trip and so we are just dogs
I'd get home and I'm excited to be um
just drink six at me at home and you can
have a birthday you guys ready to go and
I might have a little scoop whoa big
news big news because I know hey maybe
you did I'm only 13 hours more to drive
we can do it does that include stops
does not include stop only 20 hours want
to go all right over on the road Caleb's
playing with tape
Isaac analyse our sketch hey man lord
what are you up to milk and Jeremy and I
are
a rare quiet moment it's actually really
nice I wonder how long it'll last
so all over Wyoming we see these like
fences kind of set up everywhere but
they're not fences we think they're for
maybe snow drifts or something but if
you know what these are for in Wyoming
please
we would really appreciate it so you can
see there's a snowdrift after each of
these
how does that happen does this work
maybe because of the small slots created
by the fence structure there's faster
wind blowing through the fence than in
other parts creates like a fence vortex
yes and then causes more of the blowing
snow to funnel through the faster wind
making a forced snowdrift behind there
rather than on the road
it's a theory I don't have a theory
what do you guys think how do those
fences work to make those snowdrifts why
do you think they have those fences
because document out of people's
families and they try to get over the
big ones and they can't what does that
to do it's no drips
we're feeling really really grateful
that we did not go through this last
night
that would have been treacherously
dangerous
so I guess the state of Wyoming knows
what they're doing and it's not a
conspiracy theory they came out here and
put the ice on the road to make more
money
how this is no joke
this is serious have you driven in worse
than this yeah
so I think the worst part here is the
wind
because the wind is what's creating the
lack of visibility with the snow boy I
am so grateful for those snowdrift
fences I don't even fully understand
what they do but I bet that this would
mean way worse
we're still goes if it wasn't for all
there's somebody slid way off the road
over there
they are way off the road
drive safe babe I really want to go
wrong how do you suggest we go home
faster
playing alphabet is a good idea Isaac
just found Jeremy sunglasses and then
the truth got out I was like Jeremy
here's your glasses he's like actually I
like yours better
dang hiding my glasses in the back
didn't work that's good
so his lens are scratched from bullying
Laura scraped them against a bunch of
rocks let's be honest you just like the
bedazzling they make me feel
well we've been through a lot on this
trip and I think I'm finally starting to
lose my mind
so Jeremy is being nice enough to switch
me so I can start driving it is the
harder job to sit in this seat thank you
Ben
yeah the kids all want different things
at different times and trying to drive
when you're looking back and trying to
help them out it's nauseating and Mikey
oh you want it to be your turn whoa what
do you want to have a turn with out
or are you ready to get out
yes Oh where do you want to go yeah
you're excited why are you excited yeah
but why are you excited some cake a like
a chick-fil-a right here yeah you're
excited guys if one of you would be
willing to let us know based on our
vlogs how many times we've gone to
chick-fil-a during this trip I would
love to know how many times Jeremy how
many times do you think we've been
judging play probably six times or seven
it's been a lot I think I checked filet
in every state all right we just did our
final gas up we have three more hours to
go to finish this thing off
we got it and then we'll be home we can
do this let's go team why not why young
me we're in Nebraska yeah we're in the
brass Cano will go through Iowa for a
little bit and there will be well we're
eating um saltwater taffy those are
yummy introduce the kids are saltwater
taffy they like it great we made it to
Kansas City
I dropped Kendra off at the store she's
getting milk and bread and things that
we're going to need for tomorrow all the
kids are asleep so I'm just like driving
around the parking lot in circles to
keep them asleep we're almost home it
feels so good to be home it feels so
good the kids like I got more out of the
van and she kind of woke up a little bit
and she looks around when she goes home
like she was all confused I was adorable
so I think the kids all crashed happily
in their beds
yeah and then we're gonna do the same
yeah how's that no time to grow the
buggy see totally walked in on them are
your candies
