right so we came home we evaluated flora
and you know she can't really move her
wrist and in a time it does kind of
twitch remote she cries and its really
sad while we were evaluating her and
trying to decide exactly where to take
her she fell asleep and so we are just
waiting we just figure if she can sleep
we're gonna let her get some rest and
then when she wakes up we're going to
take her in somewhere probably to the ER
trooper we made it through the night but
she still hasn't moved that armed we're
definitely taking her into an urgent
care I only recently didn't over the
maze she was sleeping in a magnetic
starter so that arm is just laying there
dead it just makes me so sad
actually have really good news so
nothing is broken which was my biggest
concern dealing with a little baby with
a cast for weeks did not sound fun of
course I didn't want her to be in pain
like that so anyway what it was was
essentially kind of a dislocated elbow
and so he had to kind of rotate and
adjust it to get it back in line and
then they took x-rays to make sure that
nothing else was broken it was so sad
though when the doctor was popping her
elbow back into place you know she was
just really hurting and sad but you can
tell that she's feeling a lot better now
so my favorite moment was she was like
all upset and crying and I was like
calming her down and we stepped out into
the lobby so that she could just you
know not feel so threatened by the
situation and I said Laurel oh I love
you you know what can I do for you and
you know what what do you need and she
takes her pinkie out and she goes ice
cream it was like okay you're fine Laura
hey Laura you can say oh she's so
holding up do you want some ice cream
yeah shake you want chick-fil-a she
wants chick-fil-a ice cream so yeah
she's still babying her arm a little bit
but she does have full range of motion
and we'll go get you something you
deserve it
ice cream we should we go get you some
ice cream and we have a dislocated elbow
and you're under two you can have ice
cream for breakfast
I've declared it true you want ice cream
okay let's go get you something heck is
it still hurt I said it would take a
while it's not good she want a blanket
let's get your blanket all right so
we're headed into the BYU Creamery Oh
are we gonna get some ice cream yeah
probably soon here's her ice cream
she got a flavor that's like a
snickerdoodle cookie ice cream it's
really good we say she got it yeah I'm
gonna eat half of it hopefully change
and all she wanted was ice cream look
again she's angling her right arm
good job big girl
so do you guys have a favorite place
that you go to get ice cream like Cold
Stone Creamery 31 flavors someplace like
that let us know in the comments your
favorite ice cream place hey you guys
hear that hey daddy I'm happy you want
more let's go eat some lunch instead ma
what let's let's go eat lunch should go
get lunch now what do you want you want
more ice cream
yeah well that's understandable oh oh hi
Jay Haas out I totally cried during a
part of it like I'm not even watching
the movie I'm sitting in the front seat
and I'm like tearing up for Jeremy on
silver he's like you're crying you're
crying Incredibles and then he was a
laughing at me
