so we just got a text and we're hurrying
home and Laura apparently had something
happen where her wrist was hurt they
were having a dance party and in like
you know the rough-and-tumble play of a
bunch of kids her right wrist got hurt
all right we are still here at my
uncle's house and my cousin Tara just
made us this amazing breakfast we even
have the buttermilk syrup which I
believe a Hannah made that for us last
night I'm grateful for snap ooh and we
actually it's snowing out here right now
and we have to I have a meeting at 11:30
today and so we got to make sure to get
out of here without getting stuck again
because we have to drive through a
canyon and the snow might stop us Laura
what are you doing
want your jacket on why is it snowing I
feel sorry you want your shoes on yeah
Klose she wants to go play in the snow
so we're driving down the canyon
this is so much worse than the roads
were in New Mexico but it's funny
because we're in Utah so everybody's
like just a regular day go to work
the roads are okay so it's just
interesting how different states deal
with stuff so jeremy has a work meeting
this morning so I got some time to kill
so right into the local library
the girls are coloring and eating
crayons spaghetti on
all right well Jeremy's work meeting
went really well so that's always a good
thing
and now sorry I'm sprinting it's really
bright and sunny which is awesome we
decided to come down to BYU there is a
special exhibit at the BYU Art Museum
that I'm so excited to share with our
kids to go see the Norman Rockwell art
exhibit getting married that building
right there is the law school I spent a
lot of time there
her daddy learned how to be a lawyer yep
go there
you sure yeah okay we'll try to arrange
that in a couple years so she finally
let me do her hair the question is how
long will it last so we pull up and
Caleb's asleep and Jeremy looks back in
the mirror and he sees Lauren says Laura
you asleep and she goes mm-hmm Kaitlyn's
asleep this could be disastrous
he tends lately when he's not like had a
long enough nap to be super grumpy pants
all right well today we are meeting some
new friends were over at Ruby's house
they have a YouTube channel they're
eight passengers are excited to get to
know them our families are similar ages
and they homeschool too and so anyway
you're already been
and normally once needle hold her so
anyway we're having a snack together she
got these awesome yogurt parfaits ready
for us and this is Ruby only make it as
awkward as possible
all right well we had a really good time
being here with Ruby it's just so fun to
get to meet I was telling her like it's
hard to find other moms are also like
once my mom mommy and so I know every
time I can all right we're saying
goodbye uh he wasn't up for the kiss
Laura wants a hug
you
so the kids are watching the movie The
Incredibles for the second time today
because it's what's in our DVD player at
the moment but um when they watched it
earlier today I totally cried during a
part of it like I'm not even watching
the movie I'm sitting in the front seat
and I'm like tearing up and Jeremy Lin
seller he's like you're crying you're
crying Jesse Incredibles and then he was
a laughing at me anyway just rendering
movies oh no way Marik crying during a
movie is different than crying during
the Incredibles being shown in the back
so but it was super cute and it was a
tender moment I give you that over here
oh okay then okay now here is your shirt
we put a little man put it on your head
and go to bed alright so they're having
the Utah youtuber meet up and we happen
to be here there's a lot of people here
and they're going to be seeing Derral
Eve's speak and I'm super excited I've
watched a lot of his videos he's like a
consultant for youtubers and he teaches
about YouTube so I get to hear him speak
tonight is it's amazing that the timing
works out with my brother's wedding that
they were holding this meeting and so
we're excited so we just got a text and
we're hurrying Hallman
Laura apparently had something happen
where her wrist was hurt they were
having a dance party and in like you
know the rough-and-tumble play of a
bunch of kids her right wrist got hurt
and anyway my sister-in-law Ashley
called and they're doing everything you
know they're icing it and they're
holding her and they had her calmed down
so anyway but there's like I'm making
sense so they said it's a little bit
swollen and that she's not moving it on
her own anyway I know I'm not making
sense it's cuz I'm worried about my
little girl and so we're going home to
see it's late it's like almost 10
o'clock
I'm going home to be with her and as I'm
worrying about her like it's so scary
when you hear that your baby's hurt like
they may dry faster I mean keep the
speed limit but meaning I'm just so
worried about her like I'm just anxious
to get home and hold her and it's scary
like I know that's not like a
life-or-death thing but the fact that
she's in pain like I just want to be
there so
we're going home
we have a little one-year-old who we
think might have broken our arm and so
you guys can do x-rays they're perfect I
really appreciate it and we just go in
the back where it says your
you
