I try by yourself
so my cousin homeschool too so we are
getting some schools on this morning yes
we are lisa is working on her reading
stuff
Isaac's doing some fraction work and
though are you coloring Caleb are you
stuck in that chair okay Caleb you are
being silly
no Caleb will harm in this video three I
have five six so Laura is practicing her
writing and I just noticed she's writing
with her left hand and that's different
for us I don't know if she's done that
before but she's choosing her left hand
today and it just made me wonder are you
guys right-handed or left-handed I'm
right-handed and so far everybody in our
family has been right-handed but we'll
see what happens a little miss Laura so
the boys are working together on Lego
robotics they build something and then
they code to program it to get it to do
what they want it to do the big girls
are reading together and what are you up
to cutie patootie here we go oh do you
have shoes chit sang I like your shoes
on Laura are you wearing a dress
oh you're dancing okay oh you are
dancing you're a beautiful dancer so
graceful oh you're going to ballet again
come on let's go okay are you ready to
go yes - where are you going yeah
ballet seriously I need to look for a
ballet class for a two-year-old she's
obsessed
oh what a dancer can you point your toes
for me
point your toes yes yes you pointed to
your toes can you point your toes like
this good job
yeah the fingers so we just had to say
goodbye to my cousins which was really
sad for all of us but we get in the car
and we're gassing up Jeremy starts the
gas he's sitting here in the car next to
me waiting we're just hanging out and
then Isaac yells out dad the gas isn't
pumping I had you know pulled up and
locked it in place but no gas was
pumping so we've been sitting here a
while wait I'm in here gas it up Isaac
thanks for oh we're watching out for us
all right so I don't remember if we told
you guys where we're going or not we're
actually headed up to Logan Utah which
is just a little bit more north in Utah
we're going to be staying with Jeremy's
uncle up here for a day and just it'll
be good to catch up with them we haven't
seen them in a while we're also going to
be meeting up with Santa maca their
family bloggers we met at several the
conference's last year who are really
excited to see it
well into the finish line
so we are moving up with salmon Jenica
here in Logan at the bouncing slide and
our kids are loving this place and it's
really good to talk with Santa Jenica
they're really just super nice people
she says good oh she's okay with the
fell down dirty girl gonna go again
that was really really fun I since I met
Jenica at VidCon she's just one of my
favorites like she's just so warm and
friendly and fun to talk to so we found
out that we both fangirl over the same
YouTube channel which one
what's up mom's yeah it's a good one so
anyway we both we were talking about how
we saw Elle at VidCon and we both had
like a fangirl moment like oh that's
just anyways so we're enjoying it I
think he's liking hanging out and
chatting YouTube Sam's really cool yeah
no question
okay
you've perfected the art so we're
admiring like Jen is the photographer
for trixin so now she took all these
photos that they have
mentioned in my blog when we were
setting this up we had all these sort of
posters they were cut off there's like
pieces 15:18 we actually lost the piece
no the one might have thrown it away so
we tried to make it more abstract space
is missing now I'd love it great that's
awesome what we love Sam and Jenica and
know we had such a good time with them
and we're now showing up at my uncle's
house and this uncle lived with us when
I was growing up for a short time and he
just really influenced my life he's
challenged the way that I think about
things in a good way and we're just
excited to come and spend time with them
my aunt is putting me on high on this
thing it's a super-dee-duper vibrating
machine I guess it puts you to different
levels of gravity 4 to 5 G's I'm now
going to experience your whole world
starts to shake the camera is probably
shaking you might need cookies giggling
okay so it's just like a super-dee-duper
vibrator mushy Wow what's the purpose of
this thing like what does it do it
strengthens your muscles strengthens
muscles those lymph and circulation
circulation problem whoa okay
we're gonna see what the kids think I
feel cool
she doesn't know what she thinks about
that
you wanna try by yourself
Caleb was super excited when we got here
what do they have a squatty potty a
squatty potty the only way that we got
through potty training with Caleb was
having him watched that Solis squatty
potty video what it is similar to it so
what do you like about the secret is
it's fun in it shall we let's go let's
go okay you guys can you guess what
they're doing
very
like it's what's sport they're like yeah
I guess what sport they're playing
okay bend down crash seriously slivers
now watching these to play this is
really entertaining you melted Laura is
this your bed yes this is art where
we're gonna sleep together
oh okay good night can you guys say J
house
places we stood you up
you guys are freaking her out so cubby
what you reading is it pretty good all
right well let's take your bed you're
gonna have to put your reading book away
