you guys are freaking her out
all right when we're at Kendra's
cousin's house and they are treating us
to a breakfast of crepes with
raspberries and blueberries and it was
so cute
Laura grab one of the raspberries put it
on her finger and said I'm grateful for
and we can't decide I said yet but boss
that day so chubby I'm not sure for
sorry is it
I'm grateful thing I'm grateful for a
cubby your strawberries I'm grateful for
our cousins you're grateful for cousins
too
I'm grateful for our parents so we just
pulled up to Thanksgiving Point I'm so
excited
she just had a new baby and I'm excited
to see even I can't wait to meet your
baby okay the whole drive was worth it
so driving up here we could see the snow
on the mountains and Kayla goes look mom
it's the North Pole cuz it's like Oh
buddy that's not the North Pole and yeah
all the black dots those are the
Penguins thrown and slidin oh you want
to eat it the smell oh how can you eat
this No
okay here's the crew that we have out
here today oh my gosh how many children
is there that's a lot so here's my
cousin Juan and my sister 14 children
party this is going to be a party wish
us luck we're going to have to like
count frequently to make sure we have
now the kids are digging and explore
they're building a dinosaur teamwork go
for it guys way to go but yeah I think
again if you're a wall taking these two
halves and Rother and dinosaurs and a
buddy
I think they're I think they're set yeah
so I think caleb is about ready to climb
in so I finally got a moment to hold my
new knees this is Gemma guys it won't be
beautiful miss Laura this is baby Gemma
can you say hi
scenic camera
you guys are freaking her out all right
well I successfully came out of that
experience with all of the same children
that I went into it with so that is a
good thing it was kind of crazy just
like lots of running around but I think
it's had a good time with their cousins
did you guys have fun yeah Caleb you
look a little grumpy pants why are you
sad we wanted to eat this snack what you
wanted to stay here yeah
happiness right here you just eaten the
ranch okay you guys we came out to lunch
at chick-fil-a in Perl and I want you to
tell she was stuffing her mouth with
food I'll be waiting a long time
so April and Amy have a family blog and
we've hung out with them a lot in the
past we were actually did come on and
see that's why we stayed with them yeah
I wanted to wait till she was really
April just had a baby so this is a
lizard isn't it yeah a lot of our
YouTube friends are here in Utah so it's
fun to the to connect and meet up do you
have anything you want to say subscribe
she came out she smiled at you
she likes you well I was really fun to
see April and Davi you know we both
daily vlog and we have similar sized
families and it's just we could have
talked to them for hours like there's so
much to talk about so really glad that
they made time to come hang out with us
and I just got to meet up for lunch so
we just got off of the highway and there
was a homeless guy on the side of the
road and we don't have our blessing bag
in the back and I didn't have any cash
and so the kids came up with some
suggestions Isaac what was your
suggestion of what we should give the
homeless guy
there you have it folks he just wanted
me to whip out my credit card and give
it to him
yeah I would be really nice you have a
good heart and how we make him feel
better that's a good question
I love carrying my kids hearts and I
feel really bad like I wish we'd had
something on hand to be able to give
that man but it's a good reminder to me
to be prepared in the future to be able
to give what do you what do you sad
about cubby it wants to give the
homeless guy something sorry we don't
have anything with us buddy simply
something that we buy it something I
could go buy something and give it to
them after our busy morning we're just
hanging out at my cousin's house and
that feels awesome to just hit okay
Jeremy's working there's Jeremy
here's the kiddos so for dinner tonight
we're having a pasta bar which includes
black bean sauce which I have never made
or had so I'm really excited
Lucy's helping Alison has all the help
she needs all right so here's how the
black bean sauce hang out I'm excited to
try it it's really good and then is this
like an alfredo sauce yeah Wow so a
whole pasta bar this looks like a cool
pasta it is what's for dessert
ice cream just ice cream I don't know if
that's just ice cream yes okay good
cookie what these are like awesome
European keys ones that you can follow
the key to to decide which kind I
decided to take some of the European
cookies and mix them in my ice cream
good stuff so Caleb went with the
unconventional combination of mint chip
with caramel and pink sprinkles
all right so Elise just read her first
real look and it's huge
hey daddy no Lycia something she wants
to show it daddy
I read this whole book and I read the 57
pages
it's her first book that she's read and
you're such a little reader of love you
can you show me the book so what's it
called um I'm I'm invited joy cards did
you like the book okay all right so the
kids are in bed and my awesome cousin
out and is writing a book about our
grandfather but she has written down all
these stories from his childhood we did
go no I'm gonna over cool cousin flicker
yeah
