we're so done we just want to get there
already
we are headed out of Arizona and we are
on our way to Utah we're taking a longer
and different route than we usually take
because of snow we learned our lesson
from that blizzard in New Mexico so
today is a school day
so the kids all have their notebooks out
and they're working on their school all
right so we are coming up on the Hoover
Dam which is kind of a big deal and we
just were reading about it with the kids
and talking about the history of it
apparently it was constructed finished
in 1936 and it was just really
interesting to learn more about it we
can see it
okay so when Jeremy and I were kids you
literally drove over the dam so you
couldn't come this direction without
seeing the dam and we just duh
there's Las Vegas you guys alright well
in the middle of our drive today Jeremy
actually has to have a phone hearing and
when we first figured out the timing of
that were like how are we going to do
that in the middle of a drive in the car
with all the kids like that's not going
to be a very good setting for me to be
doing his hearing and so I was looking
up things that we could do in Las Vegas
and we decided to come to the Las Vegas
Natural History Museum what do you think
Laura she's not coming in the room yet
she's just waiting right there I always
think these kinds of places are kind of
creaky either oh why why do you think
they're wild because I have seen more
here a book there's a Humboldt penguin
and I love this one guys you know what
this one's called
please I wish oh the peacock would drown
and drink and we're like a little crash
yeah oh you think that would be fun okay
oh you guys are brave what does it feel
like not like a teddy bear
there's a sharp look at the seahorses
are you a mermaid are you in the water
let's see if Isaac's house will survive
all right let's see if lessee survives
somebody's looking pretty proud of it
good job the kids are so happy to have a
park
Lacy's Durgin she runs up to him she's
like hi Daddy like she hasn't seen him
forever
something like so how did your phone
here and go it was very unique you know
I'm sitting on the phone and everyone is
there in court and the judges like and
why is it that you want a continuance
counsel they're just like well I'm
currently in the middle of a road trip
with my kids playing at a park and I'm
going to be back next week you know so
the judge pushed everything back till
February we're going to have a
preliminary injunction hearing then with
evidence to be presented so I was able
to talk to my client get everything set
up so we're ready to go for it and
anyway I'm glad that that's done it
worked out in our favor
good job wait a lawyer it so this
hearing just came up while we were gone
so it wasn't in our plans to have Jeremy
have to do this hearing like this it was
just the fact that we're still headed to
Jeremy's brother's wedding
and this popped up for one of his
clients and so Jeremy was dealing with
it the best he could from where we're at
she's what you call overtired so we were
just leaving the gas station and Kendra
as we're pulling out of the gas station
like Jeremy that is the gas cap hanging
off of our van and the lid was open I
forgot
that little detail so he was so cute and
jumps out of the car and runs around and
I couldn't turn on the camera fast
enough to get him but he was cute so
these two both woke up on the grumpy
side of naptime and they don't want to
be sorry they're still grumpy so there's
a Cafe Rio on the way and so we decided
to stop there
they have this small crushed ice candor
the cypher raids we have when you were
pregnant and you were in the hospital
they have this stuff so Laura loves ice
I craved ice my whole pregnancy with her
I couldn't get enough of it
it rubbed off
maybe changing table here at the
restaurant so we got creative though are
we gonna change you get the books we
just walked out of the restaurant it's
going to be an adjustment to get back to
the cold so it's our last stop of the
night we're just gassing up for our
final time and Jeremy I are both craving
a little treat east knack to hold us
over hmm let's see I chose Rolo's and
Jeremy wanted Reese's pcs so the car is
finally gassed up we tuck the kids in to
their little spots and we're starting a
movie so you know Utah bus
we're so done I just want to get there
already
ah
J house up look how close that hot-air
balloon is guys I love hot-air balloons
we've been to hot-air balloon festivals
and I just get giddy every time I see
one I just love
