all right friends I just wanted to tell
you guys that I'm sorry I'm feeling so
bad our vlog has been so inconsistent
lately like we've missed a couple days
we're posting it all sorts of different
times and I really wanted to apologize
about that our trip which we're really
enjoying is also a lot like we have a
lot going on just managing the four kids
and all the packing stuff and you know
seeing all the extended family and then
Jeremy's law job has actually had a
bunch of stuff pop up that he's been
really busy doing and so we just have
had a hard time keeping up on the daily
vlogs as well so we've got one more week
of our trip just one more week and I'll
be home and get back into our normal
groove and you know normal groove of our
life and our normal group with the vlogs
so if you can just be patient and bear
with us for one more week we're gonna do
the best we can
we'll probably miss a day or two but
we'll also post a lot so what's that
what are you doing are you doing
scissors right okay are you playing rock
paper scissors with them
alright guys play along Caleb wants to
play rock paper scissors ready go hmm is
that scissors again yeah he did scissors
again bet you didn't see that coming
try one more time Rock Paper Scissors
shoot
ooh he went with paper guys I'm working
on a project with Papa
what's that what that would cut and
they'd drop this so you cut the wood off
and then you sanded it why did you sand
it because we need it to be clean
so righty righty means that you turn it
to the right like this
lefty means this way yeah that's Lucy's
Matt's Lucy
again what are you building
um us a screw hole no screw holder yeah
you don't use a hammer on your head
alright well today we are getting some
stuff done around the house we were
doing some laundry I'm making dinner
tonight which feels really good because
we've been traveling so much I haven't
been cooking and yeah because you're
getting some school done they're being
outside in the Sun I am so conflicted
there's a piece of me that is so all
ready to get home get back to my space
and my routines and then the other huge
chunk of me doesn't want to ever leave
all of our family and the warmth and the
sunshine so that's going on in my brain
so is it done no not yet it's a lot of
work it is a lot of work you guys you're
working hard like a lot okay yeah baby
you get your thumb hurt
alright now the kids are painting it
this is one brave Papa letting the kids
paint with them a brave brave pop oh you
guys are doing a great job look at this
they recently helped me paint me season
it so they're pretty much experts so
Isaac and I are playing a super fun game
it's called Traverse a logic game it's
like a mix between chess and checkers
traveling has been a little bit hard on
this little girl and for when she gets a
nice good nap I just and she usually
snuggles noon to 8 7
he's lured and snuggle with Mama whoa
what buddy I need an angle grinder you
need a what a angle grinder
what's an angle grinder it's a real is a
tool what does it do it cut it ain't cut
it car over your finger or metal why do
you need something that can cut a car or
a finger or a metal because I want to Oh
so I called up my sister and we're
playing with their family here at the
park Jeremy's getting to play frisbee
what was what was that a little out of
practice we got to bring my cleats out
here for her throwing around redeemed so
I've been out playing and Laura keeps
running out to me dad come look at what
I'm doing huh
okay she did it right okay now blow on
it yeah that's important good job
you ready and hey Dan what do we do here
July yes look how close that hot-air
balloon is guys I love hot-air balloons
we've been to hot-air balloon festivals
and I just get giddy every time I see
one I just love have you ridden in one
I've never ridden in one oh we're gonna
have to do that I maybe would be scared
a little bit so I had the chance with
some friends to go out in a hot-air
balloon and we were just like jumping
with the hot-air balloon through the
forest it was incredible we spent like
an album he tells the story I kind of
feel like he's making it I'm not like
we're literally just like bouncing there
it is there it is and then we actually
landed in one of my friends front yards
and knocked down one of their fences and
it was really fun so let us know in the
comments below if you've done hot-air
balloon ride before see it's like
running into a house it just hit a house
alright a family game of ultimate
frisbee is starting now
nah sterling
Oh Cody's got it now I love this is a
game that everybody can play at one
level or another over even Laura hanging
out with me Oh Jeremy is playing really
competitively at this point
oh good throw ready
throw one two three oh nice catch heavy
throw it
whoa oh I hear steering with your
stomach works alone hey you guys get
ready
