she's doing it good morning friends we
are actually over at my sister's house
this morning my sister went to India how
cool is that so she's going to be gone
for two weeks on a service trip there
and I just think that's incredible
so we are helping out today with
watching her kids which really doesn't
feel like helping out at all because my
kids are just playing with their cousins
and I am like making a jumbo sized pot
of mac and cheese so this morning I did
Elise's hair in a fun way like I let's
see I guess I french braided the front
and wrapped it around to a bun and then
hey let's do the other side my french
braid to that side - what do you think
of it least I love it that was it fun to
get it done like that okay I think I'm
ready to start trying more fun things
with her hair like there's so many fun
hair tutorials online and she really
enjoys it like I think we're ready to
start branching out alright well my
buddy and I are headed into the grocery
store you say hello whenever I'm in a
new grocery store in a new town I always
feel a little disoriented and lost so
apparently here you get the grocery cart
before you come into the store
that's not the city so anyway learning
new things I think it's because in
Kansas City it's cold and so you
wouldn't want the grocery carts outside
you want a ride so we're picking out a
treat for all the kids this afternoon
and I was excited to see that there's
some stuff on sale we decided on this
one cubby what do you like about this
one that there's crossing
there's frosting on the inside you all
right load it up buddy
so every time I take this kid anywhere
we just get stopped by a bunch of people
like people are just drawn to him they
love talking to him and seeing him and
interacting with him like this little
boy like he causes me so much wrath in
my life but he is worth every ounce of
it and a million times more like he just
is so curious and engaging and it's so
expressive and I love anytime I get like
see inside his mind like the way he's
thinking about the world and I love that
he's my little buddy and he gets to come
and run errands with me I love you
sorry tail did you know that I can get
very special are you picking your nose
hmm I have an idea about the fish these
fish right here Wow what's your idea so
how do you see the fish is you feed it
every single day in one thing and you
just take a little pinch just a pinch
yeah and I do it every single day that's
for why wait did you already do it you
already fed some what hopefully it's not
too much yeah what study remember the
rules you don't feed the fish unless
you're with someone who's doing it okay
yeah he taught me so now I can do it by
myself but what if she already fed the
fish I'll be a dad that would be bad
yeah but like she didn't so I had to how
do you know um so the girls have been
doing this today I think these are
called perler beads they turned out
awesome
15 16 K we have to look cool for a
second
Oh beautiful
Oh are you wearing a pretty dress that
is a babydoll skirt Wow oh no it's not
yours is for baby like a baby doll or
stand up you're already wearing a
princess dress let's see your pretty
dress Q stand up
oh so fancy can you spin around for me
No yeah are you playing dress-up you
want to wear this one happens for a baby
doll no should we you want to wear that
you want to try it on or it's too little
hey it does not fit you Caleb did you
make one too yeah it's not too hot
yeah what do you think how does it feel
if he was really warm
dad here's Caleb cooling off his raishin
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20
does it feel cooler no one to be full of
Isaac
he wants to go outside with it but I
won't let it because he doesn't that bad
son did tiny time 1 July 2 2004 for a
flat well here I am sitting in my little
cousins room working and I've been
working at tunne I've had several
clients at big emergencies come up
during this trip there's so many things
I love about being an attorney but one
of the really hard things is that legal
emergencies happen and
it takes a lot of time I really enjoy
the work I'm doing it's just hard that
we're here trying to be with family and
so I'm going to get back to work
well I just love playing the piano but I
rarely take the time to do it what's
something like that for you something
you love to do that you rarely do let us
know in the comments below
all right so we are headed to dinner
tonight at fun awesomes house there are
youtuber family who we've hung out with
before and had a great time with so
excited again so our friends have
hoverboards and the kids are getting to
try them that is pretty cool he's
getting it hey can you turn so you lean
on one side to turn good job and you go
forward look you're standing forward a
little bit busy stand still
whoa whoa oh I hear steering with your
stomach works alone hey you guys get
ready she's doing it she's gonna kill
our children
so Kendra what did you think of the
hoverboard harder than it looks at least
for me okay I scared me when I first
like when I'm still shaking a little bit
the Adrenaline's going fast Wow thank
gosh just getting back and forth holy
cows they're flying okay so for dinner
we are having BBQ pork ribs and some
chips Anglia and strawberries and potato
yummy so good so everyone's gone Laura
still eaten dessert how's your brownie
so Micah and their family do a lot of
fun things they do a lot of challenges
and like fun family activities so
tonight we are doing the speaker karaoke
Mitch yeah so we're going to try to sing
songs while doing the speech jammer app
I'm not good at karaoke together so if
you haven't seen the speech jammer app
it delays you hearing your own voice and
it makes it really hard to talk so
singing with it is going to be funny
keep fighting I refuse it can't stop
someday somebody was gonna make it want
to turn around and say goodbye till then
babe a bear would you run
Thank You cloud to the rest and I'll
make a wish
take a chance get it myself
that's even worse rolling like tell me
did you close your you guys I'm sorry we
desecrated Disney allowed it will never
be the same
do it as do it as fast as you can
all right we have had an awesome time
over here tonight was fun awesome his
family and it's just so nice thing out
with other YouTube families that are
kind of in the same mode of us and
between the two of us we have nine
running around here so sarah has been
amazing at hosting everything and yeah
that's it for tonight we'll see you guys
later
oh look at her keep your makeup I put
your
