- love you Lily alright so the kids are
getting started on school this morning
but a giant baby keeps interrupting them
hi we're so happy to see you so yes the
kids are doing school on vacation so for
part of Isaac's school today he is
interviewing a family member
Uncle Mike won that lottery yeah so he's
interviewing him and asking about what
he liked to do as a child his favorite
family vacation all sorts of stuff and
everybody wanted to listen alright so it
is overcast and may be raining we're
hoping not raining but I really wanted
to go on a hike while were here in
Arizona and today was the day so we're
trying to make that happen we went
hiking last year when we were here and I
just love getting up into the mountains
I just really do I love getting at
nature I love my kids getting to
experience hiking and so my fingers are
crossed that the raining will hold out
for a minute and my brother's crossing
his fingers too which teamwork is good
luck what do you think about the Tribune
now and um what is really fun
that's extra fun and I can I love hiking
mountains yeah what do you love about it
I like them I like that I get walked for
a while and it keeps me healthy all
right so we found the trail and the Sun
is coming out there's no rain at the
moment just some overcast Ness which is
actually really pretty what's the matter
you're tired dude we just started
there's the starting line this may be a
short hike you're tough guy dude you
doing okay oh you've been doing great
though let's go up around this corner
we're gonna see a pretty view
I like the way you jump
okay have a look inside there all see if
you see we got this cool rock they touch
it yeah for sure
the kids are much more interested in
exploring off the trail than in just
staying on the trail so the little kids
are done and my parents and brother
being awesome and staying with them
Elise hiked further than Caleb but then
she was done too
so now Isaac and I are finishing up
let's do it so we decided to run that's
hard check it out
I realized that the desert is a
different kind of beautiful but it is
still beautiful Lisa decided to join us
you are one tough girl yeah good work
how does it feel good you did it right
yeah what you want to go further Caleb I
thought you were gonna stay behind Caleb
did you decide to come up to the top to
come here you come here you I have turn
around look at what you see look look at
the valley what do you think of the
valley day I just want to keep going
he's ah he's gone alright well he was a
trooper on the way up but uh now he's on
my back at the moment we're hiking down
oh we found an echo what do you think
fun can you do it echo and Uncle Mike
gotta turn when you're hiking here's a
tip always bring an Uncle Mike with you
they're really great at taking pictures
carrying kids and what's that other
thing echo yeah
look at that guy you want to give me
your best look whoo that's another one
right there
Oh brilliant so really sad story my
ginormous little brother Michael oh yeah
he has to go home he has to fly back he
lives in the state of California and so
he's headed back to there tonight I had
to go back to the real world in life and
not living with family you have to work
to do work it's awful what any he'll
miss him and his wife and they're really
cute baby finishing strong so I'm so
grateful it's been raining our ban is so
much cleaner than it was we're back from
our hike and I'm feeling tired I wish it
was nap time but it's not luckily it is
quiet time so the kids are finishing up
some school Isaac is playing this really
cool logic game it's called traffic jam
it's pretty cool and Leasing I have been
doing her reading and their spelling and
Caleb is watching a movie and Laura's
anything so when did I see Jeremy's
working there's an update you are now
fully updated on everyone in our family
so my parents have this water fixture
right over here
I love it and think it's so soothing and
it also kind of makes me feel like you
have to pee all day so Caleb just
pointed to this and said dad is that a
telephone and it's so funny that that's
something that kids today just won't see
at home it's like yeah you know Caleb
that's something people used to have in
their homes or telephones we we have not
had a telephone in any home we had our
whole family life so that's yeah we just
use cell phones so so this thing it has
a pump it comes in all the way up to
here down to here did Papa teach you
about it so a pump makes it work so I
love how grandparents have games that
are a lot of times older that you can't
find today did you guys ever play this
perfection game I know for me growing up
my grandparents had an Atari which was
like before Nintendo ever came out there
were Atari video games and we would love
to go and play on cheats tritanus hands
over his ears well these girls are gonna
be so sad to say goodbye to Lily yeah
Lily are you going home in an airplane
oh yeah oh yeah we're gonna miss you
yeah hey so soft cubby hey
oh they're gonna miss their little
cousin to love you Lily
Lily's like I don't know what you think
ever
bye Laura bye thank you for playing with
me it's been so fun yeah Deb's I talk
for our child now yeah that's normal
right you're active she doesn't talk yet
yep
hello everyone if you liked it seit in
the comments below
so this is Jeremy nice favorite treat
when we come to Arizona we have to get
it this is a Bahama Rama Lama from
Bahama bucks and they taste ice cream
and shaved ice and cream and they mix it
all together we chose watermelon and
strawberry quanta and coke stretches so
the kids got a more unique flavor
combination what'd you guys choose root
beer bubble gum
look oh my makin good combination just
one little toy look guys my do I
actually love it
she's being very delicate with your
tasting of it you have brain freeze
yeah I never ever have the
self-discipline here to eat it slow
enough to avoid the brain freeze
it hurts but it's good oh you want on
vitamine all about yours yeah did you
find the ice cream I won't know about
good night
do yourself
you
