so we stayed at my sister's last night
and now the boys are getting ready to
have a nerf war yeah every 100 you got
you did it in the trash oh yeah you do
stare at your field
okay so last night we opened up presents
from my brother and his wife Melanie and
look what they got us can you see that
it's a J house cutting board they like
had it laser engraved my brother's
probably laughing right now because I
probably said that wrong but they put J
house on the cutting board isn't that
awesome
anywho and they won like major aunt and
uncle points with the gift they gave to
our kids they gave them an entire bag
full of gum it was like shrieks of joy
Jerry and I were so sad we weren't
vlogging the moment when they opened it
so we're like ten packets like this
which they individually wrapped inside
of here and then there's just like rules
and oodles of this kind of gum so our
kids have been very happily chewing gum
and blowing bubbles and yeah it's
awesome thank you Michael and Melanie
the kids are getting into some of the
dress-up clothes here that my sister has
what are you Elise let me Christian
what's that
what do you think whoopee cushions do
what it what happens when they sit on
him yeah clearly sheltered them a little
too much and people blow them up with
air like a balloon and then they sit on
them it makes a funny noise hey you know
what noise that makes it so you have to
be a whoopee cushion for 10 year old
because she's getting blown up with air
and it gets sat on there you go that's
what a whoopee cushion is oh how to
train for real okay one little dancers
you want to show us how you spin your
chair eyes very good very slowly
is oh so giddy I love it
now one of the things I want you to
listen for is this couch listen it goes
one two three one two three one two
three one two three one with the same
foot
Isaac you can learn it to hold Julie's
other hand yeah come learn it here we go
got it Isaac ready and right foot up up
now let's use the same wood again ready
right you need to scoot down Caleb's in
town oh really the walls the walls now
you're going to take your right foot
everybody put your right foot out then
now go up on your tippy toes twice up up
I select right again down up on your
toes
I'm going to wrap my hand over yours
then you're going to put your hand right
behind my back and I'm going to put my
hand right where I shoulder okay now
you're going to try this again
ready start with your left foot yeah
yeah oh yeah yes yeah oh very good very
good
gorgeous turn and dip Julie she is a
dancer his dance for whole life and you
so in a dance studio and teach and it's
so fun to have the kids which oh great
so if I was to push down you want to get
your turn Laura all right you and Caleb
Caleb come dance with Caleb pop she's in
Laura wants to dance yeah hop see the
words up ha damn actually come on down
push back and then put your arm under
behind here and different that's a
beautiful did is this called the Laura
Guertin you want you what to dance porn
shoot somebody let's finish she's like I
just want this doing it okay
let's dance so I had to run out to run
some errands today I needed boring
things like pull-ups and wipes and more
milk and then I found out that my
sisters are actually out too and they're
out shopping
oh hey stop there at Downey's which is
like a pretty clothing spotting and the
shopping so I'm joining them Don't Tell
Jenny alright so here's some clearance
stuff Tiffany found a good one right I
know I really like that one
I'm drawn to this mint color oh but
that's kind of like a cardigan I don't
know about that okay so I'm on the
clearance rack and I just found this one
I think it's cute I think the colors
right I'm gonna have to try it on
alright so this is the one that I found
on clearance I really like the color
it's so fun to be out shopping with my
sister's it's way better than shopping
by myself does no one look cute on her
we found it outside and we're like this
is perfect you have to get it I'm making
you okay this company has my favorite
like undershirts that I wear under lots
of my like sweaters and looser tops and
so when I come to Arizona I have to
stock up on them apparently Christmas is
officially over and Valentine's Day is
going strong look at this so I'm at
Target picking up a few things including
a late Christmas present like I'm
exchanging my sister after Christmas
which I know is weird so today Isaac and
Sterling have been playing the Kinect
and when good things happen they have
this handshake they do you guys want to
show us so sterling chest-bumped Isaac
and his tooth got knocked out and it's
good we're down another tooth yeah let's
see that smile now yeah he's won it one
of my five loose teeth out all right I
have all these teeth gotta get rid of
those things
caleb driving a supercool powered car
which he loves
and anyway Laura loves it too so they're
having a little bit of a hard time
sharing with dinner tonight
Julie made us this amazing beans and
rice I mean this is like next-level
stuff hey yeah I grew up eating this my
dad would make it for us in our family
and its really good so not if I'm to see
all the kids eating it and they'd eat it
with hot sauce on it and I don't so
amber is dunking her Oreo with a fork
don't get your hands miss no that's
pretty smart
I'm not a dumper oh I love mixing them
an ice cream them but I don't
soggy just isn't my thing you like it
crunchy now how about you you twist it
lick or just go for the cookie sometimes
I do mostly I just go for the cookie
Gemma twisting liquors
I got a dunk not more often than not and
then if I don't dunk it's got to be
twisted with Western guys how do you eat
your Oreos definitely really like mint
Oreo so much more than the normal areas
Oreo is to only eat one yeah that is the
truth Jeremy wants to change Laura's poo
let's go change
yeah so we're saying with like different
family everyday and that's awesome
because we get to visit with different
people which is great the bad part is
you have to load up over and over to the
car again
nice job savory okay young back
