yeah
all right so we're starting the morning
off at their breakfast buffet they just
have a ton of good food here they have
these breakfasts tostadas which is kind
of cool and then they had blueberry
crepes so along with the breakfast
buffet they also will make you armlets
or french toast so Kendra got this like
amazing vegetable omelet
I'm so excited and I've got like these
are gratin potatoes and avocados the
major problem with all-you-can-eat
buffets is stopping you know I am so
full but there's still so much food I
want to eat stuff because everything's
so good yeah you're moving on to the
French toast I'm gonna keep going
so for Germany's anniversaries usually
we just go out to dinner and it's just
because we really love eating good food
and visiting what do you guys like to do
to celebrate like your anniversary are
especially good so right out of our
balcony there's been some fun pigeons
what come back up friend
Kendra crushes me in speed card games
its family leave them there we go our
favorite is nurse but this was
California speed you're done you guys
I got crushed well we have had such a
great time here and we just want to be
real with you guys about our marriage
and about our relationship it's not all
perfect like it's not all romantic and
in fact one of the main things we've
been talking about what we've been here
is how this year has been one of the
hardest years on our marriage and I
think the main reason for that is that
I've just been working too much anyway
so there's lots of good in our
relationship but we're really been
looking at it and trying to evaluate it
and talking about what changes we can
make that are specific changes to
improve our marriage and do a better job
at connecting in 2016 one of the things
we talked about was trying to do fun
things together like so often on our
dates we just go out to eat but we
really want to be including doing some
fun things like trying rock climbing or
bowling or just you know kind of playing
together I think one of the biggest
problems that I'm struggling with is I'm
just not emotionally present enough like
I'm I find myself shutting down and and
I know that that's really typical for
guys to just not be there emotionally
and I'm doing that a lot and you're
distracted and you're busy and you're
overwhelmed sometimes well and a lot of
the arguments we have are the things we
disagree about are the same things that
we've had problems with for a long time
and it's easy to just feel like things
aren't going to change or to to feel
like I'm not going to change or to just
shut down emotionally and I need to turn
back on my emotional part of my my brain
and my heart I should probably turn off
some of these numbers I think its own
down your emotions a little bit and tone
mine up a little bit we could we could
meet somewhere so we're getting a phone
call
we better go well guys I feel like I've
been pampered like all 24 hours
it's good stuff oh wow I know so thank
you to the point Hilton for letting us
enjoy this it's been a real don't have a
second honeymoon you know talking at all
we should do this again on our 20th
anniversary or next year
ever let's do a six-month let's keep
doing all right so we got a golf cart
and we were headed out onto the golf
course to try to find Jeremy's ring we
know you know it's a needle in the
haystack there's a high likelihood we
won't be able to find it but we just had
to look so all through the course we're
thinking of places where it could be I
came down here Kendra and hit a ball
down here and I reached down way far to
get it and maybe maybe it fell out here
so we're just kind of like wandering
around looking for the ring is it in
here if you see it let me know so
yesterday we came out on the top of this
hill that looked over you know all of
the valley area and I was pulling out my
phone to take a picture and so I'm
looking down along the path these shiny
rocks keep tricking me at least if we
have to be looking for a ring we're at a
really beautiful spot that lizard just
ran over my foot and scared me you see
that lizard so what am I like fears is
that when Jeremy is reviewing this
footage or when you guys are watching
this somebody's gonna see the ring and
we're gonna have missed it will be like
oh man I wish we could find the ring and
then I'll panic you guys would be like
it's right there well it looks like we
are going to be going wedding ring
shopping should we maybe clean our van
we need to wash everything it's kind of
embarrassing
my cousin is having a wedding reception
here so we're coming in to say hi to
them you guys make it shadows
shadows
Alameda Lama so this wedding reception
has an ice-cream maker that's just a
good idea
I'm gonna go inside
what do came up what did they do hey
pick up the gig
that makes I got it okay because I
didn't wanna miss the boat cake card oh
where are they gonna throw the bouquet
and you just made your own well the
ladies case of okay can we ask a lady
nicely into need oh how nice
awesome so after the reception we all
got together to play games I guess we're
playing jewelry love your neighbor this
is gonna get wild and crazy
maybe my crown I'm so tired you love
your neighbor did you make it and you
brought your flowers with you okay this
is it the championship round
yeah championship round
you say look and then if we're looking
at each other we're out if you want to
look at some news about looking
that's our table right there in the
corner and then you come out into the
courtyard
we ordered their dessert that's like
they're known for desserts creme brulee
and so while they're putting that
together about to have the lights
