headed into our suite so that's our
table right there in the corner and then
you come out into the courtyard alright
well this morning we came out with our
family to the coolest Park ever it's in
the chandler-gilbert area and it's these
huge covered barn and may the kids love
it this is a big park to be had all the
kids buddy up just so that it's easier
to keep track up and that's actually oh
this is the bride she's a nice doggie
huh do you want some lunch is making
your own sandwiches and that one's
turkey school did you get it up pig are
you eating out of a frisbee okay so
Jeremy's work is really flexible which
is nice because we can take trips like
this which is like three and a half
weeks long but because it's flexible it
also means you can work wherever we're
going so today he's at home working nice
uncle Troy has the big boys playing
football with them which pretty much
just means Isaac's in heaven good job
Cody Laura declared at her turn Forester
know you got a run did you get hey you
trying way to go say thanks uncle Troy
thank you I got joy ha ha ha so miss
Laura discovered her cousin's mascara
this morning did you like it
yeah did you put on some makeup yeah how
does it look does it look so pretty
knows you put it on your nose does
makeup go on our noses so we are at the
point Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort it's
in northern Phoenix and it's gorgeous
it's like up on the hillside and you can
overlook the city and this is actually
where we came for our honeymoon so
here's the story
Jeremy was going to surprise me with
this getaway he had it all arranged like
all he told me was that we were going
out to dinner and then he had it
arranged he'd have the van packed yet
the babysitter's lined up and he was
just like whisking me away well what
happened is our actual anniversary was
one of the days that we were stranded in
the blizzard and so as he was like
making all the arrangements and changing
everything I had to kind of find out
about it to make everything work out but
it's still like really sweet that he'd
planned that and we're gonna have a
really good time yeah all the way out
there you got it
nailed it you get that Bush Bush it's
like right there yep so what's really
nice was I set up our tea time when no
one's out here we only have like an hour
and a half until the sunset and so
there's no pressure we can just have fun
and we don't really care about the golf
game we just wanted to be in a pretty
place where we could hang out some oh
yeah we're golfers we're like big-time
golfers this is the coolest part the
raking oh yeah
the practice yeah but look look how
close you are that's a great shot
actually yeah
nice alright we're going into the tunnel
of love so the first time I ever went
golfing was with my grandma and my
cousin and we went out and I was one
that got to take the first swing and I
swung back and I totally hit my cousin
on the head like nailed her anyway she
had a big lump we had to go straight
home and I sit I'm sorry Karen
nice you made it it was bad yeah she
made it she's like just shy of the green
up there I think I get like Most
Improved status well done I think so if
you guys ever gone
golfing are you golfers or do mini-golf
let us know in the comments below
so Jeremy just made the most incredible
shot but the camera wasn't on so I'm
making him try it again for the camera
he hit his ball straight along like
shadow of the flag and it went right in
whoa she's so adorable
what are you doing Caleb I'm driving our
boat in hot lava
it's called J house blah blah good J
house lovey's coming to town and make
the fire come again
oh my goodness on the green I did that
five times before I got one on the green
I was determined no I actually wanted to
give up and then Jeremy was like no you
can do it you can do it now we're gonna
go search through the desert for all the
other balls
alright we're headed up I think that
means there's gonna be a good view at
the end
Oh
there is
can he get it over the water
what jeremy you build it it go sad news
don't tell them heard you want me to you
can tell me
Jeremy lost his wedding ring while we
were on the course celebrating our
marriage he takes it off so he doesn't
get a blister when he like mows the lawn
or plays golf and he just puts it in his
pocket and it's not in his pocket
anymore so we're feeling a little bummed
about that
all right so we're coming up to check-in
get it into our suite ah it smells so
good in here it smells citrusy it is so
good in here so on our honeymoon we
stayed and what's called one of their
signature suites and this is the same
kind of a suite so not the exact same
room but look how beautiful this is
so there's even a fireplace if it's a
real fireplace and I remember from last
time we came that you just called up and
they come up and they start the
fireplace so there's a balcony
we have a view of the city this is
beautiful so late night dinner
reservations tonight so we have some
downtime so we decided to go to the hot
tub which sounds really cold getting
there but sounds really nice to be there
Kendra looks so cute little swimsuit
outfit Thanks
we found the pool and more importantly
that tub they have this like huge pool
area but it's just closed at night in
the winter because people don't go to
the pool night in the winter unless
you're crazy sauce it's so cold out here
you guys it was so relaxing to just sit
out here in the hot tub and just chat
about life it was wonderful and then
we're going to go and get ready for
dinner so for our anniversary dinner
tonight we're eating at a bit different
point of view restaurant which is part
of the Hilton Point Tufte Eclipse resort
is the highest restaurant in the city
and we've got the support
cozy and beautiful and it's nice to be
able to have a nice dinner just the two
of us so I got a filet mignon and tender
got a roasted chicken sauce here but as
you know we are going to share probably
happen
so that's our table right there in the
corner and then you come out into the
courtyard
we ordered their dessert that's like
they're known for desserts creme brulee
and so while they're putting that
together not to take out the lights
so just really enjoyed the ambiance in
this place interview is just so much fun
look guys they brought us out cute
anniversary desserts this one's
chocolate hazelnut citrus and this is
their crumble back from brulee that
they're really known for sauces edible i
totally gettable but anyway that was so
sweet like we only ordered one and they
brought the two and I'm excited to try
them they look amazing so I was right it
is an edible sign
happy anniversary chocolate that's
awesome
no fun do you want for me I don't want
to go I don't want to go work thanks
babe all yes it's been an amazing day
we've had so much fun Kendra and I have
been reminiscing about our honeymoon
here and just talking about our marriage
and what's to come in the future and
everyone at the resort has been so great
I mean they gave us these complimentary
chocolate-covered strawberries and in
fact when I was like setting up the
whole Arrangements here I explained to
the the staff that I was going to be
surprising Kendra and it was our
anniversary and they agreed to gift us
our stay here and we're really grateful
for that so we just really want to thank
the Hilton Resort and hopefully we can
come back and bring the kids someday
