we're so happy to be here with my family
and the first thing we do today is going
to top jaw
what we're here Caleb built a toy go
play with it
nor where's your Volvo all right well we
are back at our dirty car that we need
to find some time to wash but we just
keep running from one thing to the next
we don't want to miss out on anything
anyway
it's interesting when we're here in
Arizona because we have so much family
here and they're always all doing fun
stuff especially over the holidays and
so we're always so sad to leave the
family that we're with like Jeremy's
family is going to go to Cheesecake
Factory for dinner tonight and they've
got all these New Year's plans but at
the same time we're also super excited
to go see my family and do all the fun
New Year's stuff with them so it's kind
of this weird thing where we are so sad
to leave every where we're at but then
we're always so happy to arrive every
where we're going and then we're sad to
leave there and then anyway does that
make sense I think we just have too much
family that we like
you
has been traumatized forever so laura
has been meeting her new cousin Louie oh
let me hold up I know you and I are
gonna do oh look at that
all we have to do Freddie friend
maybe helium was like somebody's
squeezing my face sorry guys we under
she's super you want to stay in the boat
nice keep going keep going
Oh
it's getting late but the boys are still
playing Wow
so my nephew Davis is into robotics and
Caleb is loving it so Davis programmed a
special program for the robot for Caleb
well you can get that robot wouldn't you
girls been up to Chubb it looks like
you've been doing some makeup and some
jewellery stuff this is gonna be funny
you guys gonna sleep together in here
tonight so slumber party yeah so now
they're programming the robots Caleb are
you helping code yeah awesome you
deciding what it's gonna do yeah and
then you're executing yeah and we're
making a new robot oh yeah Caleb whoo a
Caleb program so we've already been
eating good we've had some yummy orders
and then for dinner tonight we are
having pizza from Papa John's yeah look
at all that pizza
Isaac you have to eat all of it okay hey
Laurie
where you going oh you're going to
ballet
where's ballet Oh dance so she just put
on her cousin's little top and she came
to me and she said mom going ballet
bye and then she waved goodbye to Papa
ballet now you're welcome
how about about this bye oh oh you want
me to come okay let's go to ballet do we
need to get in the car
all right well today is the last day of
2015 and I was really grateful this
morning I had about an hour to myself
where I just was journaling and I was
thinking about 2015 and all the
wonderful things that happened it and
all that I was grateful for but I also
was thinking about some of the hard time
and I was thinking about what caused
some of those hard times and often so
often it's the choices that I'm making
or the thought patterns and so anyway
the question I wrote at the top of my
journal page was what robbed me of my
happiness in 2015 and you know so much
of it was my fear you know my self doubt
my insecurities you know just all these
different like thought patterns and
things that I struggle with and so then
what I wrote is you know what can I do
to choose happiness in 2016 because I've
just been thinking more and more about
how happiness is a choice like it's not
about my circumstances it's not a lot
about what's happening in my life it's
about me making that decision on a daily
basis to choose happiness and anyways
just thinking about making the choice to
have faith and making the choice to you
know once I've made a decision be secure
in it and to not worry about what others
think and just all of those feelings
anyway I'm really excited about the new
year I'm one of those people that just
loves the fresh start and opportunity
that that is so anyway happy new year
and I'm excited about the opportunity to
set resolutions and try to make changes
in my life for the better so good luck
with that for you guys too
she's trying mom oh yeah Baba's money
have you been jumping on the trampoline
yeah yeah and good dog
oh that sounds cool so Caleb why do we
celebrate New Year's because it's not
very fun what did you learn in 2015
multiplication now what do we do to
celebrate New Year's see your family
tree to watch a movie yeah but what do
you think you've learned about yourself
in 2015 that I really like almond joys
and crunches so Lisi what's the coolest
thing that happened to you in 2015 I
don't know my brains okay are you busy
right now
yeah what do you want to go do well I
wanna go be with Nick head All Right see
you later
what's the coolest thing that happened
to you in 2015 when graining geo poppy
seeds and poppy rod off the prize left
and when you tricked us you thought that
we are doing a talking behind the
blanket chunk but actually is a surprise
that our grandparents were here that was
pretty cool
all right we're doing fireworks out here
we're super excited the kids are a
little bit nervous about the loud noises
but should be fun they have a river of
lights in their front yard and the kids
are just like frolicking in it why am i
nervous to give Caleb fire the beginning
of some people
all right so my brother the photographer
thinks that this is going to turn out to
say 2016 Jeremy your twos too high Wow
2016 he did it my brother's a tune
Oh ballerina
all right well Happy New Year hope that
2016 is wonderful for you and we'd love
to hear what you did to celebrate New
Year's Eve so let us know in the
comments below there's more
oh my goodness is it a fire
on fire
