so we made it out of the house we have
everything we hope we hope yet the trunk
feels like empty I'm like because I
think so we've been running through it
like we brought clothes for that child
we brought this
anyway but we are out of Kansas City
like we're on our way we are on the road
the kids breakfast in the car and now
they're playing with their toys
we're hoping to arrive at my mom's house
around
so it's gonna be a long gonna be awesome
the camera like duct tape dare vlog
right now how can you not flood can't
you're getting pulled over don't you
guys want to see that Kendra was going
about ten miles over the speed limit and
a state trooper turned right behind her
and was coming up behind her and turned
his lights on as he came up right next
to this like oh my goodness so I'm like
blinking pulling over you know feeling
all terrible and then he actually turned
the other direction yeah you still have
the adrenaline coursing through your
body
bubbly oh oh yeah unfortunately we're
not done yet with the name that was a
good chance
$12
that awkward moment and
we're filming everything so last night
or I guess at like 1:00 or 2:00 in the
morning
Kendra found the perfect app for Caleb
it's a monkey fix it preschool app
the blue one and Hammer the blue one Oh
hammer it all the way down
so it's raining the kids are ready for a
lunch hey guys it isn't noon right now
look at this it is so dark out and you
know flouting and rainy
here thinking about how the sun is
shining like even though it looks like
this right now the Sun is out there like
the same as it is every day there's
about eight deep driving pucks
Oh two more
we gave Caleb a roll of tape it worked
we'll see what happens to it
Oh
finally finally food so it took us
longer to find the place than we
anticipated and like just the drive took
longer so by the time we get here like
we're starved cuz want to go eat like ok
now we're on the i-40 only 755 miles
more to go almost there
I think they're reaching the end of it
that looks like sunshine or the other
clouds or something different that's
great
like clouds and darkness it's about like
nighttime and so
exciting drive I could drive I could
drive all night we're gonna get there
without us right we can have we can
drive we could drive every one of our
road trip video task address singing
some insane song cuz she's like losing
her mind it get sleepy it's so well
doctor there I can see clearly now the
rain is gone
I can see all obstacles single joint in
is gonna be a bright bright sunshiny
night
so here's the name I think of road trips
is just one big Karndean it's just an
excuse to like sing and dance all day
long
so that's what I like about it and you
can't eat good food I see it as one big
nap we're constantly interrupted by a
crazy dancing woman we're singing and
crazy kids who want stuff
stick your tongue out with the gum and
blow
Oh gonna get yeah we almost you gotta
get your go wrapped all around your
tongue
I love how you did your hair today I
worked really hard on it to get this
exact look she can't get in made it so
we just looked for awhile for a bottle I
strategically placed them at the very
bottom of the back of our van in the wee
hours of the morning last night so we
started at 8:00 this morning it's
currently 7 and we're halfway
that's demoralizing a little defeated
the like stopping a bunch of kids and
the weather ok cubby what advice would
you give to other kids who are going on
a 20-hour road trip hey play your bags
if you had bags so have a bag of toys
and play with it Laura
what advice would you give to other
friends who are going on a 20 hour Roche
she knocks under the dream mmm Laura
what advice would you give to friends
who are going on a 20 hour road trip
the shoulder shrug so how about you guys
when you go on long road trips what do
you do to make the time pass all right
Isaac what advice would you give to
friends I'm watching cool movies and and
if you have a tablet bring one week and
maybe play some games ask your mom to
put on some music and you your mom or
cool family in the car can dance with it
no food that's good advice
mom okay you guys we just saw at least
they're sitting on the world coming
there was like 12 snowplows that just
went the direction we're going and I saw
a car at the gas station that had snow
all over the bottom of it we're hoping
that we make it through this if it's not
going to be safe we'll pull over and
stop and stay at a hotel so I'm like
really second-guessing it I mean it's
late it's cold anyway but the wintry
weather advisory is that's just minor so
maybe it's just cold and some light
flurries I don't like that all right
let's see
you guys we made it to our exit we are
so grateful that we made it to our exit
it is just scary out here and we were
taking every mile one mile at a time
trying to carefully get here when we
looked up to come the roads were all
clear coming to Tucumcari we called the
hotel and they told us it wasn't snowing
well we were only an hour out they said
it was fine
we checked the weather forecast and the
blizzard just moved faster than we so
we're so grateful that we're safe and we
may be staying in Tucumcari for a while
we're moving it up very good night do
yourself have no idea
