have no idea well here's the aftermath
kids playing looking at things Laura
does not want to get out of her seat
which may be a problem because she's
going to knit all day tomorrow or maybes
can be a good thing so how are you
liking your high heels you look so
gorgeous I don't how sparkly they Oh
watch out kids shooting his Rockets over
there he's trying to hit me here it
comes
I think I'm gonna spend a lot of time up
here in the cabinets grabbing these for
the next day
oh those your crayons oh cool
he's a Mickey Mouse crayon
alright why I'm actually busy doing some
laundry and packing today because if you
remember we're leaving on our big trip
tomorrow morning so here's the kids
clothes all put together what we're
taking I know that looks like a lot but
that's three kids and we're going to be
gone for three and a half weeks and
we're going to a wedding during that
time so we're having to take a lot he's
gonna get you he's gonna get you alright
so here's the design that elese picked
out see how it goes
so it's one that our kids are close
enough an agent that they can play with
each other's toys and that also gives a
lot of opportunities to learn about sure
I love seeing the kids play with toys
that are typically the opposite gender
and I think that's just really good to
keep them well-rounded like I love the
Kaleb is designing fashion clothes and
the Dilys is playing with the football
it hits you in the face give your baby
at least this looks so beautiful I love
the lips you did such a great job all
right so I'm having a lot of fun with
Isaac we made a game where we're trying
to use the stop rocket to see who can
get it the closest to the ceiling
without hitting the ceiling okay let's
see oh good Isaac has mastered this game
all right now we're playing where Isaac
shoots though one he shoots it at me and
I try to catch it I love Christmas
afternoon
Caleb's working on his new play-doh and
Elise is painting her fingernails yeah
so we got them the Amazon fire it was
like 50 bucks dude we got it on Black
Friday it was like 35 bucks it was 35 we
couldn't turn that down
that's your super cheaper relay hey
we'll just try this and see what we
think of it all right well before we
Christmas dinner we are going to let the
kids exchange their presents that they
got to each other and I love this last
year so I'm really excited who's excited
let's do it let's do what do what do it
she got you goose this is for Elise give
it to me
thank you this one is for Isaac and this
one is for day okay daddy
thank you mommy
she's like hey oh hey give it to mommy
she's like well you gave it to me come
on open it oh that's a great present did
you get slippers for mom oh dang
or that your turn you take that one
I knew it was a fast uh-oh
I'm like oh you gave it to him it's a
present
say Merry Christmas Kaitlyn and my oh
hey look what do you see the Laura hey
give her a big hug oh good job all right
now I did you turn now Laura pick this
out for you all by herself this is
actually a great
she picked yours two eyes it hope she's
gonna help you what is it with a
dartboard is this what you got for me
big girl I think she might she was
outlook comedian grab the edge ear and
that was her plan all along I dig - mom
- dad
Thank You Ben trying to help her figure
it out oh this just helped when you help
a baby you just tear one piece ah and
look look what else you got her do you
want to put it on let's put it on good
pick Caleb yeah yeah oh she's twirling
you a dancer a dangerous flashlight
ballerina
she's like braces or so
he knew you read love that
princess Elise hmm Wow
and that's when mom decided the silly
string is only an outdoor activity back
to the opening of presents you're the
mama no she's the mama or is the mama
that's your baby
so no it's a date
thank you lecie orphan baby
I love you babies mama you're the mama
do you hear that I love you baby so
slowly laura is gathering everybody's
presence while they're not paying
attention and putting them on herself
hey that's how it's supposed to be a
little bit lower there we go oh you look
awesome okay smile smile I love it I've
always wanted a hat like this thank you
because you gave me a hat that ko1 I
want you to have here I wanted you to
have a go oh this is exactly what I was
needing I didn't know anything look at
this one she knows good - I was like
sugar
thank you shake town oh that's so cute
Isaac can you hug it so what good is
that hug key what do you say to Isaac
you're welcome here but yeah welcome
bye-bye all right it's your army hat
lover
it's one of my family's traditions
growing up was to have a nice dinner on
Christmas night and so this is our
dinner tonight it's I kept it really
simple just because we're traveling and
so I just needed something easy today
but we're having roast and potatoes
um this is fruit Kiwi pineapple
strawberries grapes some veggies and
some rolls and I went with like a veggie
tray instead of a salad this year just
because we are going to be traveling
tomorrow and I can't take salad with us
but if we have leftover like veggie tray
I don't I can take that with us so today
for all he does for our family
two eyes it for being a
brother and so loving and kind doing
lease being a wonderful friend and
helper and how tender our code to Caleb
for keeping us all busy and from Laura
for being as cute as can be Merry
Christmas
all right so all the little kids are
asleep Isaac is up helping us and we are
working hard trying to get ourselves
packed and ready to go by tomorrow
morning this is not how we usually spend
Christmas night so we've got lots of
stuff laid out over here Isaac is
folding and helping Jeremy's taking out
trash and I'm trying to figure out like
what food we're taking on our trip
anyway if you're new around here we are
leaving tomorrow morning at 5:00 a.m.
for a three and a half week trip and it
includes a lot of driving so we're going
to be driving about 20 hours tomorrow Oh
which is luck we're hoping that we get
some sleep tonight
we'll see you soon Jay house
