Wow how soft upcoming Santa coming right
is this pheasant for daddy
oh good thing is already wrap step Caleb
did you wrap these other presents to
this one
don't fake it to don't open them I know
but we don't want to peek it we don't
want to rip it we had to kick mom out
because we're going to wrap her presence
you think I'm a baby I want it to be
like like media oh so you want it to
look like it's something different is
that what you got mommy Li's you guys
got some tough things to rap for Mom
we tried hats aren't easy to rap so I
just went downstairs to get something
out of my pantry and I stood in my
pantry for at least five minutes trying
to remember why in the world I had
walked down there it took me a full five
minutes that's embarrassing I finally
remembered it was to get boxes of
macaroni and cheese so so you can chew
this there's trees and candy cane stars
this is awesome Elise I love it hey
Jeremy I decided to bust out some sugar
cookies this is fun I love doing sugar
cookies well the competition is on
because I'm doing a Christmas tree -
going down hey at least I'm just not
sure if you have enough frosting on
there it probably needs to be a little
bit like yellow frosting on a bottom
that's Pringle then wrap yellow frosting
and push it down with a spoon nice so
the sprinkles are down in there here's
mine I decided to keep it simple the
artist over here is still at work what's
a little bit clumpy with the frosting
got at toothpicks you can very serious
okay we're like five minutes into making
the cookies you're already eaten it all
Lucy I love your gingerbread girl Thanks
I like the detail like you really
thought about her outfit and her smile
here's our final Christmas cookies so an
amazing friend of mine brought over a
surprise for me and private kids today
she brought over traveling bags for our
road trip so she has a bag for each of
them they've got like crayons coloring
books little books they have a little
beanie baby in there for each of them
which is so sweet and then she also
brought a bag for me with all sorts of
mom goodies like wet wipes and what was
the other thing
Oh chocolate chocolate that's definitely
going to be needed snacks for the whole
family and glow sticks for our drive I'm
just amazed I'm just really grateful I
have wonderful friends who really look
out for us and think of us and they find
such sweet ways to serve us and really
grateful for that
okay well we're on our way to our
Christmas Eve church service tonight and
then we're going to head to a Christmas
party I'm excited to hear the beautiful
music that is always just highlight and
I'm kind of bummed because we're running
late and I kind of bump I mean ah why
can we never get anywhere on time we're
going to keep working on that all right
so we're at our friend's house tonight
for Christmas Eve dinner and this food
looks amazing
we're having a traditional like ham
potatoes rolls dinner what do you guys
eat for crystals in there let us know
you going down where all the kids are
poor Han you watch The Grinch let's go
get your jammies on okay
so Elise tomorrow is Christmas morning
how are you feeling oh my would you two
excited
what about Christmas morning are you
most excited about presents and opening
up first stockings and breakfast yeah
breakfast you know what's gonna be for
breakfast monkey bread yep we do it
every year
it was the night before Christmas and
all through the house I don't know what
to say Isaac's really excited he's
getting onions for Christmas all guys
full of beans don't hate it
moms being a tricky and oh where are you
gonna get presents tomorrow I'm gonna
open it are you gonna find sinners
reckon
this knuckle pile alright well the
children are nestled all snug in their
beds or at least so we hope and we hope
they stay that way they're not asleep
yet so I'm not like holding my breath or
anything but Jeremy are gonna clean up
the house and get stuff ready because
it's Christmas tomorrow and I just had
to tell you guys something real and
something straight from just me today
was a hard day the last few days have
been a hard day you know the stress and
the worry and getting ready for
Christmas as a mom is hard and then also
like my expectations it can just be
really hard for me like I'm like this is
going to be magical and then somebody's
whining and somebody's throwing a fit
and something I didn't take into account
this year because I think as my kids are
getting older I'm kind of noticing this
more anyway the kids schedules are all
off they're totally excited and don't
know what to do with their excitement
and they're eating all this sugar and
anyway they're like little monsters and
obviously we turn off the camera for
those moments and we're still sharing
the good moments because the good
moments aren't there but I just want to
let you know all the other momma's out
there that you know sometimes the
holidays can be hard and they can be
hard for different reasons maybe you're
lonely this holiday season maybe you're
far away from your family like the
holidays are a beautiful wonderful
blessed time but it can also see it be
hard so if it's hard just know that
you're not alone and what I'm trying to
say is that on my personal journey in
life right now what I'm trying to learn
is to let go of my expectations not
compare let go of my stress and just
embrace the moment and look for the
positive and choose to be happy yeah I
thought that got me is Santa coming
coming right now
shout out good thing jo said I was so
profoundly grateful that she's learning
that lesson and I hope it sticks with
her I hope she doesn't ever forget it
because that's where the joy comes is
from sharing with others
