I was so profoundly grateful that she's
learning that lesson well it's a
beautiful day today
and we are finishing up our dollar
chores so the kids are washing the
windows and then they're going to come
up and clean up our backyard do you need
money in there
Wow she's like it's empty you guys need
to get paid for your dollar chores all
right
Lisi thank you so much for cleaning the
baseboards and thank you for cleaning
the van hey thank you for cleaning
windows thank you thank you for trying
to remember not the walls yeah the walls
washing the walls there's one cleaned up
outside mm-hmm thank you there's your
dollar put them in your bags
dad do you need a dollar what you need a
dollar okay you put it in your bag thank
you for cleaning up that make sure you
upset do you need more don't we all yeah
Sulekha nothing go so what you guys want
to do with your money that you just
earned body ball yeah all right so I'm
here first with Isaac and he's picking
out presents for everybody
Isaac did you just pick a present out
for me what you gonna tell me what it is
yeah
oh man you're keeping it a secret yes
I'm gonna keep it a secret for two days
5:15
all right so now we're gonna rotate kids
he got his presents for you guys so
caleb has been in the store for about 20
seconds and he's already picked out two
items so he's a decisive shopper who are
those for Mom you think she'd love some
flowers what is it this looks like it's
foot odor spray this candy for Mom you
think mom needs it yeah if your foots
get dirty if the shoe fits let go aah
like Christmas did you do it did you do
your Christmas shopping look I did it
Nora what did you find sighs right a
flashlight who would like that
flashlight didn't Caleb would like it
yeah yeah should we get it for him dad
sobbing do you think Isaac would let
Caleb would like that put it in the cart
oh that's putting it away let's put it
in the cart over here I think Laura
thanks for shopping for her
nor do you like it alright it's Lucy
story we're going Christmas shopping
yeah I think so yeah why are you so
that's a plunger for the toilet so
Leeson who was the hardest person to
shop for that's daddy daddy was the
hardest who are you most excited to give
a present to daddy and mom oh you're so
sweet man thank you thank you my
Christmas sir so as you Lisa and I were
in the checkout line there was this
wonderful gentleman in front of us and
he was talking to elese and he was this
nice grandpa and we told him about how
he least had worked hard and earned this
money and then she had shot for her
whole family and anyway we go through
the checkout line and he says Merry
Christmas and Hayley says Merry
Christmas back and then the cashier
tells us that he paid for all of Elise's
gifts and anyway just lets just really
warm my heart we tried to chase him out
of the door and go sing Merry Christmas
and thank you but he snuck away I used
to have like this little amount of money
and I gave it keep a lot thank you do
you feel grateful if somebody served you
how does it feel to be on this side of
the service really happy well Merry
Christmas sweetheart you are loved we
get in the fan at least had just
finished her Christmas shopping and just
been surprised with that gentleman
paying for her presents for her so she
gets in the car and she's talking to
Isaac and she's holding her money and
she's all excited about what happened
and then we're getting ready to drive
away and she looks up and she says mom
wait she said I have money still now can
I go give it to the Salvation Army
people that are ringing the bells and so
anyway we pulled over and all the kids
had their change left over
they went and they gave it there and I
was so profoundly grateful that she's
learning that lesson and I hope it
sticks with her I hope she doesn't ever
forget it because that's where the joy
comes is from sharing with others so
Isaac just gave Caleb his gumball you'd
have to know our kids pretty well to
understand what a big deal this is why
did you give him your gumball maybe you
didn't have any did Isaac share with you
can give him a big fat stinking hug hmm
thanks for you doing that you get to
Christmas present yeah all right well we
are going in to check our post-office
box
hey who remembers the number two eight
eight nine see there are some things in
there you guys we have the best viewers
ever we are so excited to read these
cards and get to know you guys better
and what you guys want to say thank you
that was really high-pitched Elise thank
you all right headed home you guys
excited to open up oh yeah oh yeah so
we've had a really warm December like
we're just wearing light jacket
sometimes not even jackets at all and
it's been really wet we've gotten tons
and tons of rain and up until now I've
been really grateful for that like I
don't really love the cold but now I'm
kind of wishing like as it's raining
again today I'm kind of wishing it would
start snowing like I do love the like
cheerful wintry white Christmas feeling
so I don't think we're supposed to have
a white Christmas but that would be fun
how about you guys you guys gonna have a
white Christmas or is it gonna be rainy
or is it warm where you live what's the
weather like where you live at Christmas
time all right so here's the poppy seed
chicken and we got veggies and rice and
it smells good kind of like this man how
he looks good
I don't smell good though all right so
usually when I go to the library I get
like a million books and today I
actually got a whole bunch of movies and
that is because if you remember the day
after Christmas we are packing up and
going on a huge road trip and we don't
usually let the kids watch tons of
movies in the
but this is going to be an 18 to 20 hour
trip so with all the movies from the
library and all the packages from the
post office it's pretty much Christmas
earlier around here all right well we're
opening out the letters please all these
are forgetful yeah here Laura is yours
I'm so grateful that our kids are going
to grow up having friends all over the
world thank you for your generosity and
sending these things that means a lot to
us this is from Australia Australia mmm
that was a great accent Blaire all right
this is from life with our girls vlog oh
my goodness these are macadamia nuts
covered in chocolate oh this is my
favorite wait are those Nicholas Oh blue
look how beautiful they are that's
Royals colors priority mail Wow ooh
Babaloo
Oh stickers all right
I'm very excited about this package this
is from Anna in Germany and I have good
to Jerry and I love to me you lived
there for a summer right this is German
candy and I recognize a lot of it so
this is kinder and this is Ritter sport
we are happy we are happy when I taste
like I snuck a bite of it and it's
basically Nutella and wafers which
everyone loves Nutella right it's like
that hazelnut happiness oh good thank
you so much this is stuff that we can't
get here and I wanna thank you thank you
thank you thank you everyone
good night do yourself
you
