so for you guys with cold cereal do you
have a favorite let us know in the
comments below I know Kendra's favorite
is Lucky Charms once you guys this favor
what's your favorite kind of cold cereal
yeah they have marshmallows or gladness
all right good morning we have some
friends over this morning and we are
making Christmas line which I've been
meaning to make all season and we
haven't gotten into so this should be
fun do you think slimes gonna feel like
Christmas we think it's completely
Christmas warm golden feeling it's lime
and look okay stir that up in let me
trace turn it up and see how that looks
the last ingredient is liquid starch oh
yeah now it's getting really good it's
getting all blabbity gloob
to each other
yeah I remember that day we let kids
play slime ball in our house all the
other 0k good as new hopefully Oh gross
so this is our first time making slime
it was easy and it's awesome like the
kids are having it probable I have it
it might permanently build your house we
don't know but we don't care all right
so I ran out while Jeremy's doing lunch
with the kids to do some last-minute
Christmas shopping at my friend's store
which is nickel and suede these are my
favorite earrings are the ones that I
wear all the time and this is not a
sponsored post this is just because I
absolutely love these earrings so I have
to get some new ones but I have to
decide which ones because there's too
many choices for me all right so I've
narrowed my choice down to just four but
I can't decide I wish you guys were all
here to help me so I've got this like
peach cutout one or it's called nude I
think this one's locked a maybe and this
one's like not really brown but not
really black what's that one called Java
so I like all of them
alright well there's Caleb's lip how's
it feel buddy yeah bad is it hard when
you're eating um a little bit a little
bit I'm sorry you got hurt I hope it
gets better okay let's get you sounding
out these words with us all right Lucy
let's do this next one the best best
best that real word or make-believe word
real real now it's my turn
ready s pest K cubby put yours up there
rest rest is that a real word yep yes it
is good reading buddy time for more
dollar chores the boys are in charge of
cleaning up this entire basement and
vacuuming it
working hard for her dollars
good work Caleb okay we're hanging with
friends today and the kids are
decorating gingerbread houses
okay are you just eating Caleb I like
the colors you're choosing did you make
a peach sauce with it a chocolate piece
good pick I think this is awesome yeah
hey what'd you do with the sprinkles
nothing did you want him right there
well I was awesome on my friend to put
together the gingerbread house event it
was nice that the kids got to do that
and I don't have a mess of my house
that's like a win-win for me
she was really smart Laura's like
running around Laura you okay so my
friend was really smart and decided to
hot glue all the graham crackers
together to build the houses and I think
just especially with the age that we
were dealing with like we didn't want
the houses to be wobbly and you just all
understand like we can't eat the houses
we can eat other graham crackers and
they can eat the candy but they can't
eat the houses so anyway that was fun so
before dinner we're cleaning out the van
and we're also getting ready for our 18
hour drive coming up when we go on our
trip and the van cannot smell like it
does now for that 18 hour trip so we're
trying to clean it out get it smelling
good and then we're gonna go eat dinner
so on our way to my friend's little
gingerbread house party and I stopped
and said hello to one of my neighbors
and it's an elderly gentleman and I was
driving past and I just rolled down my
window and I said hello and we talked
for probably five minutes and anyway he
recently had a fall and he was telling
me about his holidays and anyway he
lives really near to me but we don't
talk and connect with him much and my
heart was just really grateful for that
opportunity to say hello and we were
running late as always but I was
grateful that I took that chance and so
here's my challenge to each of you this
holiday season like we've got a few more
days before Christmas find someone reach
out say hello connect in a way that you
wouldn't normally have and I'm a shy
person like a lot of times I just
like drive by wave and it was meaningful
to actually stop and visit permanent
what's going on what's going on
open this sack with a jolly oh oh and
pulls out their presents each me
so after the kids got in their PJs
tonight we decided to drive around and
look at some of the lights and we found
a fun house so we're enjoying that and
I'll be honest I'm kind of hoping some
of them fall asleep on the drive back
home fingers first Merry Christmas
oh did she give you a note he's brought
him a note to say that she loves him and
she said he's feeling sick no it's kind
of crying
