this is at Jamba Juice I want it I give
it to mom I think it's gonna make our
super hip you can tell of it
yeah just one piece lets blend it it's
it wasn't behind right all right
that's close I almost broke the camera
so this happened do you see all the
little crema D crumbs I was initially
feeling frustrated about this more so
than usual and I think the truth of it
is because I know that it was mostly my
fault like I did put the cereal box up
on the counter so that Laura couldn't
get to it
but I didn't just put it away in the
pantry where Caleb can't get to it and
so anyway I'm gonna clean this up now
and then we're gonna continue to go on
with our day that looks like a yummy
lunch um it has avocado on it so it's
gonna be amazing yeah I'm making like a
little turkey salad and anyway I haven't
even seen you guys yet today so hello
how are you guys doing I've been busy
doing mommy stuff it's so close to
Christmas like we've only got a few days
so I'm trying to get done I'm not done
yet
so these kiddos love salad like whenever
I eat a salad they beg and beg to have
some yeah and I'll shower just yourself
why do you like salad big love are you
healthy it is helping that swine like
about it
alright so I have no idea how to take
care of a snail but my friend told me
that I needed to replace the lettuce
every other day so we're gonna replace
the lettuce hi I'm Shelby who we can see
she'll be better so there she'll be
we've been putting water in there every
day and what do you guys think of Shelby
she's curvy Jesus is dirty so we are
making Buckeyes which is a Christmas
treat I never had it growing up until I
moved to Cincinnati Ohio and then at
Christmas time like a bunch of our
neighbors brought over Buckeyes and I
was like what is this and then it became
kind of a Christmas Eve
my family too and I don't think we made
it since the kids can remember you guys
know what Buckeyes are you wanna help me
make up we're making candy are these
little candies yeah so you all you need
to do is put some cheap bird and someone
Ella and some butter and some white
sugar and then you take it out roll them
into a book roll them into balls which
I'm doing yeah and then I'm gonna have
turn and then you make some chocolate
and then you dip it in and then you put
it in your the freezer or the fridge and
then you're done I want to buy us
something maybe you can have a bite of
these food and we're done fit Oh
not gonna help no you can't eat while
we're making them we gotta wait till
we're done if you do eat it all the
whole do not eat it all
yes boys are going to go get our
haircuts and I had left my jacket in a
restaurant and I got it back the other
day and it smells like fried food so bad
man do you have you guys gotten places
where like if you go there and you leave
you smell like that place and people
know like oh you were at that place
because you still smell like that you
getting your hair cut buddy you did cut
it with the scissors earlier huh yeah
let's see if we can fix that
ok we're going to finish the Buckeyes
the girls tonight while you guys are
gone let's just say we're not going this
is my personal favorite and yes I made
that but guy whoa
so where has been helping little
planning on she's pretty good
what all right now put it on a paper
you're on a paper good job boy he's turn
without this Sammy did you just eat that
way just a little like that
good work Isaac you sure don't want to
try one yeah you do when I try on keep
them on over here all right so these are
the moments that I have to remind myself
that presentation is now we're going for
like we're just trying to give the kids
experiences and let them try things and
have fun as a family and if they look
like this so be it I'll take this one
give it a try so Jeremy did some legal
work for a friend and it does a gift
card to all learners thank you and it
just feels so nice like this is such a
yes and you went out last weekend in
this weekend's let's do date nights in
like one month the truth is that when I
come here I get a lot of salad and a lot
of breadsticks to that tomorrow for
lunch that's what I'm eating okay so
this one's lemon and this one's
strawberry white chocolate and this one
is chocolate and I love how they put the
little shape shading I love shavings on
top of stuff I have personally never
seen one of these before it's a little
tablet this is your table and you can
order your appetizers or your lizards or
your drink and you can also like hey
here's your like oh we're ready to go
and we just having to pay and swipe I
couldn't have a week birthday that's
awesome and then there was a survey and
I could go through in life yes I was
right doesn't it look so cute like I
love this outfit
give your little scarf on because it's
get no cold is getting cold here guys so
the gentlemen use you guys candor just
got me the coolest Christmas present Shh
hey it's a surprise I'm gonna watch this
footage so I can't reveal it
he helped pick it out we do that a lot
with Christmas presents but I'm not
gonna let him use it until Christmas
I'm bummed about that we got home from
our date and the kids were already in
bed
we're ready to go to better ourselves
thanks so much for watching
Junior Seau no okay let's see you guys
look at some right here
