right so I cannot believe that Christmas
is only a week away I just can't believe
how quickly time goes I'm excited for it
and there's more stuff I need to finish
up with it I'm mostly done in my
shopping I need to start wrapping and we
just haven't fit in all the pretty
Christmas traditions yet this year like
we got a hurry and make some sugar
cookies and make some gingerbread houses
and you know all the all the fun things
Isaac is having piano lessons this
morning at our house with aunt Michelle
there's a snail in here and then they're
like these a is it a pet why are we pet
sitting there going on the trip Oh how
long until we leave on our trip it would
only get it out
yep-yep errantly all of the places that
house snail pets are very expensive this
time of year so we're helping them out
oh yeah pretty much everyone has a pet
snail it's very very regular I'm just
kidding we are pet Singh do you see the
tent that we're taking care of can I
sell is a frog but a turtle tell me when
you find the pet aw he's younger it no
just me what is it um a little kind of
pod you see what it is yes oh not a
turtle watching a rock Isaac what are we
Pet Sitting snails a snail named Shelby
Laura can you say snail not say snail ha
this is our frog but it does yes
all right well this and I are out on
it's date
and I'm excited about it yeah she has
earned a date out with mom and that's
some funcly' ahead of us is gonna be
good
in each okay what are we gonna do are
you nervous I just want to learn you
just want to learn and this is the place
that I wanna be grown up and cooking
yeah so we're at ginger Sue's which is
one of our favorite restaurants and
Nikki said that when she grows up she
wants to be a waitress here and a cook
here and a chef so she isn't waitress
what are you gonna order to eat probably
a jack
good let's clean those glasses your
glasses look kind of dirty it's hard way
at restaurants oh you're eating yourself
look at that thing it's like as big as
your head it's just a little bit little
a little bit lower than your head so
there's Lucy's chocolate chip pancake
and this is my it's called a farmer's
omelette so it's got lots of veggies in
it and goat cheese to go on top
we made it downtown to the Crown Center
outdoor ice skating rink what do you
think it feels like Isis smell okay
let's see you guys look it's right here
I'm so excited so you have to know back
in the day I was a big ice skater I love
ice skating and it's been years so I'm
excited this is Lisa's first time all
right Lisa you ready to go do you think
you're gonna slip and fall yeah you're
excited let's do it
growing up my family lived in Cincinnati
Ohio and downtown there was an outdoor
ice skating rink a new one every year as
a family so this is like a really
magical family memory for me I'm glad to
be able to take you least today and
we're gonna have to bring the other kids
another time but here's our question for
you today
have you been ice skating let us know in
the comments below all right we are
slowly getting the hang of it you got it
Elise is calling a few times but she's
not hurt herself yet so that's good
I have forgotten so much it's been like
five or ten years since I've I skin
okay wait yeah cool trick yeah
yeah well they would just take a lot of
practice you could totally do that who
you want to be in the Olympic game so
we're sitting here any lease was just
thinking me for letting her come today
and that doesn't melt in my heart but
they are my life you think so yeah no
skate some more yeah okay
all right come to me by yourself
I'm proud of you little pro right there
drunk I'm read I wanted to them now can
read with us their size to Thursday's to
for our big girl oh girl my girl there
swooshing up above Farmer Brown runs to
the window Santa is getting Caleb where
did you go today tell her did you come
to work with Daddy what were you doing
up there rocking right that I figure
like yep we were videoing it was really
cute so that's over on my channel this
weekend on the law channel is the three
year old boy and caleb is the start of
that one so you want to come check it
out I saw sneak peek it's pretty cool I
can do it in one breath okay let's hear
it
oh yeah now God
I just
oh yeah hey in extra
oh you took the ride
good night dear sow
