snugglin this morning good morning she's
helping her sleep sometimes with the
Laura anta so you guys laura has learned
how to open doors
yay so she's in as soon as she wants to
be in hmm
say good morning Marnie morning good
morning up you getting down nice what's
up this is your little toddler does she
have a name um Emily Emily it's a good
name hmm what are you gonna do with her
I have to care because chills she's
still worried that makes sense okay you
two have fun
so I was just texting with Austin no he
invited me to go out to Stars with them
tonight he's going to be up there at
2:30 to wait in line for a 7 p.m.
showing I asked me if he was going to be
wearing his wookie outfit he said he's
not that cool but so I'm trying to
decide how early to head up there so
have you guys ever done that where
you've waited in line for a long time
for something that was important to you
I waited one time more than 24 hours to
get tickets to the World Series this was
when I was in Arizona the Diamondbacks
had just one going into the World Series
against the Yankees
and I asked all my friends at families
like hey who are going to come with me
I'm gonna go get tickets to the World
Series and none of them would come so I
went all by myself
I slept on the streets in downtown
Phoenix
I have camped out before you have I
camped out with a bunch of friends like
we were like decked out like we had the
10 we had like a little like heaters
like we had people deliver pizza like it
was really fun
oh we can try to get a really good
apartment oh there was like this housing
unit that it was just opening up and
anyway people learn lots and even one
the people in line it was like a big
party did you get in um we did but I
ended up changing my plans out somewhere
and I live somewhere else but it was a
great memory
alright so the kids invented high heels
Elise has been really really wanting
high heels so you decided to make them
out of these boo boo and Isaac
apparently helped her so he's having the
first time he did walk straight off oh
you need to attack their feet so which
part did you figure out Nate got rubber
band putting on and putting it higher
can she actually walk in them is the
question you're trying though oh this
one's a cat oh uh listen does it kill me
so this morning has been a morning that
inspires me to reevaluate our discipline
methods essentially I'm a sick of
feeling like I have to nag and remind
and bribe and beg and plead with our
kids like I want to set up systems in
our home so that the kids are
responsible to themselves and the
consequences are clearly written and my
job is to you know help them understand
their responsibilities and then if they
don't do their responsibilities help
them have the consequence that they
clearly understand so I'm working on
that I just want my kids to be
self-motivated and I don't want to just
constantly be fighting with it like if I
take myself out of some of the nitty
gritties and how-to system set up that
does that better for our family then
that'll be a really good thing so I'm
working on developing that system I have
some ideas I started talking to Isaac
about it this morning I think we're
going to start it with him since he's
the oldest trying to you know what we'll
try to figure that out with him first
and then roll it out with the younger
kids as we figure out exactly what we're
trying to do but I'm really grateful
Jeremy's on board with me about it and
okay say goodbye book okay put it back
in your bed - bye baby are you waving
goodbye to baby Jesus all right
oh well we were just looking for
something one of Caleb's shirts and
we're like looking around the house and
he says hey mom why don't you ask that
thing on your phone that tells you stuff
and I'm like Siri she says yeah she's
like ask Siri where this shirt is
nonetheless here Siri
wears Caleb's blue long sleeve button-up
shirt let me have a look here's what I
found on the web for Caleb alongside
button-up shirt
$89 for that shoe that's not your phone
as on has some long sleeve button-up
shirt I didn't think but I can't find
Kayla's no sirree I'm looking for
Caleb's shirt
my son wherever I'm not sure I
understand
penetrate ha ha ha ha
you get ok yeah thing just ever get to
push the button I'm so glad it's you
no sirree we're looking for Caitlyn
shirt in our house it's lost it's my
daddy's what's yeah
here's what I found on the web for no
sirree we're looking for Caleb
all right well Lisa and I are reading
this book together today it's called a
fine dessert for centuries for families
one delicious treat and I started this
recommended a lot of different places
recently so we got it from the library
and it's about like in four different
centuries four different families
they're making the same recipe and so
you can see how it changes over time
like the different tools they're using
and kind of the processes like how the
recipe has stayed the same but the
processes have changed and so with Missy
Lisa her love of cooking we're really
enjoying and now I think we need to go
make that recipe mm-hmm yeah we have to
all Christmas morning oh do you think so
we'll see about that
all right so you guys know I deleted all
the footage from yesterday morning I
wanted to see if Isaac could do for us
again his Christmas Carol over saying
I'll let me write in your sleigh right
in your sleigh right in the face
I found out me begging like I like a
ride on your side no no it's it's in I
don't know fed Senate oh no oh no oh no
no no there's some Christmas secret some
Christmas secrets some Christmas seekers
tonight I'm heading right now to go meet
up with Austin Dole and we're gonna
watch Star Wars The Force awakens
okay the movie starts in seven also wish
you had three waiting in alliance that's
why it starts right there that's the
beginning of the line and I came up here
on 12/31 damn map that happened line 130
but yeah I was there was like three
people so I was like alright I'll come
back there this setup is really nice
I've never been to one of these types of
theaters you get a menu when you come to
sit down and they like come and serve
you stuff before the movie if you want
food
well I'm not going to give any
commentary about my thoughts of the
movie just because I know a lot of you
are going to go see it but it was so fun
to be here at a theater and to be with
friends and just have a night out
alright well Jeremy just got home and he
was telling me about his fun adventure
and we actually have fun night - we
actually pursed up tonight did you ever
leave any hill but I have a surprise for
him apparently we're sitting can you
guys find the pet in this gern he'll be
this is Shelby the snail and we are Pet
Sitting Shelby any Hill so the kids will
get to meet Shelby in the morning that's
gonna be fun
yeah so goodnight Shelby until then
James out
I feel terrible I made a huge mistake
