I feel terrible I made a huge mistake
so I'm excited tonight we get to watch
elese in her dance class her recital
isn't until the spring but they invite
parents once every other month I think
to come in and watch the kids in their
class become this is ballet class home
you
all right
bring your back
you gotta get any key how is your class
a lot of days yeah Europe it's candy
cane season Lisi high-five I'm really
proud of you
alright so I am definitely feeling
better and Jeremy is on the mend and he
will be feeling better tomorrow but I
fed the kids dinner before we left for
use this ballet class and then I was
craving dinner so on our way home yeah I
stopped for a burger and fries are you
guys gonna get some alright so at least
has I'm not metro fish wants to tell you
guys knock knock who's there
missiles have mistletoe who hey yeah I
love that the kids invent jokes but
they're hilarious what are we watching
yes
ah yummy yummy
wait is that your candy cane oh yeah
so the boys built a fort downstairs and
they set up our little place that slide
as the entrance like a tunnel into the
fort I think this is awesome you going
into the fort by Laura what guys this is
so cool
I'm not feeling it the warmest outfit I
can find
I hear that white is slimming anyway I
look at him I'm like oh and he goes what
this is the only thing I could find that
was clean and warm like I did like eight
loads of laundry today I'm pretty sure
everything you own is going don't be
picking on my pants that I have are
dirty and so I suck because I didn't
have any other like comfy pins yeah when
you edit this and you see how awesome
this looks by the way I've been wearing
my lunches a lot and I have fallen a
bunch like unlike wobble like their I
don't understand 12e well that's what I
was gonna do no I'm so tall it's not
even Lauren is dollar my wedges on am i
taller than yellow it's not a skin stuff
here you hold the camera cuz you're
better okay alright with my wedges on
who's taller I think it's gonna be
pretty obvious like I can you know like
her anyway props to women everywhere
that actually wear these kinds of shoes
on a daily basis because I'm just like
wobbly and scared to hold a baby while
I'm wearing them that's a still I didn't
learn
in all right I'm gonna wind up camp I
feel terrible I made a huge mistake I
accidentally deleted all of our footage
from this morning and there were some
hilarious things that happen Isak
composed a new Christmas carol and so
did Elise and Calum I just feel terrible
have you guys ever done that let me know
in the comments below have you done that
where you've deleted something or you've
lost footage or a recording of something
and you know what was it's helped tell
me about it for us the worst thing that
we've ever lost was a Kendra and I on
our wedding day
all the footage was captured by my
sister and then she went home and her
computer crashed and she lost that
footage and so we don't have that but
let me know in the comments below
if you've had that happen to you and
we'll try to make sure that doesn't
happen again
we keep so excited don't fall
