Oh
all right well I've got my crew and we
headed into the kids homeschool program
today and it's so cute every time we go
the kids have their backpacks so Caleb
has to have a backpack too it just melts
my heart but in other news we're running
really late because I do not want to get
out of bed this morning it is cold and I
was tired
Rock probably snow look at that smile
oh my goodness she's getting comfortable
with it now your fingers the circles
cleaning up how can you know what Oh
course you anymore so Jeremy and I have
been playing an unintentional game of
how long can we go without officially
going grocery shopping it's been a while
like a couple of weeks we run to the
store and grab like bananas and milk and
like I just like you know like under
five items just essentials and our
refrigerator is pretty bare so it's time
for me to buckle down and go shopping
today I got my helpers with me you guys
ready
should we go grocery shopping what do
you think we should buy bananas what do
you think we need to buy me bananas and
apples all right let's start in the
produce section this is the way that our
grocery store displays bananas my mom
was in town and she commented on how
different that was and I don't even
think of it as different because it's
normal to me so here's the banana
display and oh that pineapple looks good
oh I want a pineapple
it's too expensive let's get some canned
pineapple
why have barely survived these two on
this shopping trip they have given me a
run for my money don't sit there just
looking all calm and sweet like you
haven't been wreaking havoc on mama huh
so we're checking out hey hey buddy how
are you did you have fun at library yeah
we go to high me they actually had
really good cookies there chocolate chip
but they had mal bumps on them
oatmeal chocolate chip cookies there's
no uh-oh yay for actually going grocery
shopping it's just loaded nachos with
cucumber ranch on top oh my
all right so Caleb is playing with
play-doh this afternoon he is playing
with these play-doh Maps
I actually just printed them off and
laminated them they're free from tots
cooling net
anyway I printed off a couple of them
here's Rudolph you can add the antlers
to it and here's a Christmas tree you
can decorate it Santa Claus you add a
beard too and Caleb is of course doing
the gingerbread man how's it going dude
you ready to go how was school
living in Kansas City we often drive
over the Missouri River and every single
time I've driven over the Missouri River
I've wished that I could just stop and
see it up close and anyway today the
weather is actually really pretty and
there's a park next to the river and I
was like that's it we're doing it we're
stopping so we stopped but I'm like
scared to death of the one of the kids
falling in the river like maybe that
feels like an irrational fear but I
lined them up and they have to like sit
on the bench I'm not letting them get
next to the bank like maybe if Jeremy
was with me but I'm outnumbered here I
got to keep these people safe so here we
are admiring the Missouri River is there
anything different about the river than
you thought
what's different a tad bigger it's
bigger waves crashing
yeah waves are in what kind of water
yeah and really big lakes you see it the
water no we're not gonna drink it no no
hey level came in the mail yeah almost
the boy's uncle Jeff uncle Jess and Mo
yeah are they getting married yeah here
it is yeah we got their investigation
you are you so excited yes so there's a
wedding that we're going to be going out
to Utah for in January and I'm so
excited they're such a cute couple good
pick Jeff we like her we'll keep her so
wheelies and Isaac had an extra fun day
at school with like Christmas parties
and Christmas caroling at least you want
to show Dad the book that she made
yes you'll make um Fredrickson Caleb did
you
I like smelling a spice I think it is
nice ooh it smells cinnamon no need hey
Jim yeah um your nose yeah you got a
little bit of cinnamon right on it I was
smelling the cinnamon so it's a little
bit similes do you know my daddy's home
we're gonna put up your bed let's do it
you excited you're so excited
give you this
okay look can you help me move the
mattress alright just gonna pick it up
and move it out of the way
helping out Caitlin
everybody's helping us and the words
contain doesn't matter that Lord's
contained Laura who's Ben is this okay
oh this is Laura's crib where's Lisa's
bed that's Lisa's bed know why dad like
that
okay now go the other way okay
I can't get this one to line up right
this doesn't seem like a very fun part
of the project
so I've learned something about myself I
do not find putting contact paper in
drawers thrilling I actually put a
little bit stressful like I'm like oh
this is like sticking wrong and this is
creasing wrong and rila it's like a
nightmare for you're a perfectionist so
anyway I'm on the last drawer of contact
paper here's how it's turning out so
it's all nicely so beautiful you like it
yeah I think it makes a big difference
mm-hmm well has it all put together for
ya
he's so excited don't follow up I want a
boat day yeah it's so high up there hmm
what do you think the girl I love it so
one of the things I love about this
whole thing was that it was a $21 bed
that Kendra found and you turned it into
something beautiful good job
Thanks even before what I am really
grateful for is that it's a storage bed
because elese was needing a dresser and
a bed and so this kills two birds with
one stone
just to know I never had a white bed
before pretty fun only had a play one
and I only had a dark wood thanks for
making the bed front me mom well you're
welcome
now we can snuggle in this bed ah
does he just think there's room for both
of us oh good night chaos out I like I'm
on the top of the whole kingdom good we
did big bed because I had a bed
