Santa Claus give my execute applause
there's a vacuum in her bedroom
look at that you're totally getting it
good work I just wanted to thank you
guys for all the love this weekend over
on Jeremy's new channel it's a lot of
fun to launch that and to make that
video and to see you guys enjoying it
too so thank you so much for that
support we're excited for where that
channel is gonna go for him and I'm just
really proud of him it takes a lot of
work to start a new channel and it's
kind of scary like you're gonna put
stuff out there or is anybody gonna be
interested in it but this channel is
such a great way of combining his
passions in law and video creation and
entertaining and teaching and so I'm
just I'm really proud of that guy cubby
what happened
I get color with him Arthur on me Isaac
did that I am gonna go look in here
absolutely man was it like I have a hat
Captain Hook
yeah like a mustache oh yeah so now your
brother gets to clean you off so we're
inside playing in the play place and the
kids are being adorable and I look for
my camera and he wasn't there I left you
guys out in the car so all my friends
watch the kids for a minute while I ran
to get the camera so I can show you our
chick-fil-a funds
also as I'm walking in I'm totally
thinking about whatever I order for
lunch am I going to be good and get a
salad or am I going to get yummy chicken
sandwich and fries
that's what sounds good
that shepherd girl hi Laura so huge
treat today I actually got the kids kids
meals and I actually worked out to be I
think the same price so this is fun but
they come with toys but if you turn the
toys at the end you don't but keep them
then you get to have ice cream which is
awesome so here's your kids mail you
excited but I'm choosing ice cream
you're choosing ice cream how about you
ice cream good choice well I decided on
this salad because I know I'll feel
better about it later
who knows if it's actually healthier or
not like sometimes the calories of stuff
surprises me but I'll definitely feel
better eating this supporti least but
totally hurt in a little play place they
were holding hands going on the slide
together and something happened to her
hand it got squished or sat on or
something she's hopeful the ice cream
will make it feel better so that makes
me hope that it's not too serious of an
injury but poor girl
well look at that bite of ice cream
now it's get its turn
there's a good bite alright well I
finished painting at Lisa's bed I did
three coats and I'm really happy with
the color I think it's gonna be cute I'm
having a hard time not being critical of
the mistakes like the drips that dried
but remember this is my very first
project I've ever done are you excited
about it yeah yeah whose bed is it
Lisa's bed so this weekend I had the
chance to listen to a Christmas
devotional message and a speaker said
you know we go through trials in life
and we can choose to go through them
with God or we can choose to go through
them without relying upon God and I was
thinking about that and how how am i
doing on that in my life like am I
really trying through my challenges to
connect with God or am I just like
suffering through it and I really want
to improve on that it sometimes is a
hard thing like conceptually to grasp
how to use Christ through the trials in
my life isn't manwich everyone so
neighbors of ours were a part of a group
called Operation give a bear it's put on
by build a bear the company and they
give bears to people we're in hospitals
or assisted living and they invited us
to come with them to go and deliver the
bears and they're the coolest neighbors
ever so the dad dressed up as Santa
Claus and the whole family dressed up as
elves and they called us just like last
minute so we just are coming to
participate and enjoy it with them and I
mean I would love to do more next year
with it
anticline my Santa Claus oh those are
super excited she's so happy about it
you're just realizing that it's the
organization operation giver there that
was at Ronald McDonald House last
Christmas Eve when we were there and so
it's just fun to see the impact of the
organization
like that
I'm so excited so there's a great
American light bike neighborhood this is
Gilbert Aragon and we're going to
Arizona so we can go see this
neighborhood so one day a week our kids
go to a homeschool Academy and tomorrow
they get a dress in Christmas clothes
yeah usually they wear uniforms yeah but
tomorrow specially get to wear like red
you know green stuff and Elise doesn't
have a Christmas shirt which is green
bro Chesham green but she doesn't have
anything red she's really wanting
something red and so she just came to me
and she's a mom if it's possible if you
have time could you just sell me a red
shirt tonight well it was cute so you
got a selection I even if I try it I'll
do it
also you are red shirt would you want
daddy shirt well maybe that's real good
at sewing or not look what's wrong with
your green outfit we could take you the
table Bop and wrap you up in it yeah
good night yeah house out want to hear
something disgusting all right I'm
totally embarrassed I should not be
vlogging this but um this is real life
this is mom life guys
I just opened up my purse like the
middle pocket to look for something and
guess what I found in there
