wanting or something disgusting all
right I'm totally embarrassed I should
not be blogging this alright so I'm
headed to my freezer cooking club this
morning and today is especially special
because I get to take miss Elise yeah
I'm so excited I've been waiting for you
to come yeah okay every time I go she
wants to come with me and so my friends
and I all arranged to bring one of our
kids today and they're going to help us
cook and it'll be fun
here's our ingredients all set up and
our recipe so you need 15 of these ready
these friends are here today which is
fun they are working on what are you
guys making now first our Claire that's
like beef tacos they're working on
another roast recipe that's super yummy
she's making me so happy to see all
these kids helping their moms focus
awesome
leacy shredding the chicken for us all
the way towards home good job
all right here's all the finished meals
all arranged on the table mmm dude
Lacey's lovin pushing the cart we got
our jackets and all of our food loaded
up here I should say is it your special
day with mom okay let's go get some milk
two hands that's heavy I feel like I'm
the brother
do ya did you put freezer Mills what did
you make what you guys me honey lime
chicken enchiladas hey that's sweet
jeans that's good
leacy what else did you shred chicken
rice with a fork what the night yeah
with your teeth yeah with your feet yeah
how did you shred it I said in it what
nice dinner thing like kitchenaid
kitchenaid all right so here is our
freezer meal haul today and all the
recipes come in this packet so there you
have it I love freezer will day I know
it's awesome so we get to choose what
I'm gonna have for dinner what do you
want which one which one should we eat
she wants this one chicken noodle
casserole what my line is the thing that
I who the honey lime chicken enchilada
is now you like pesto a lot don't you
and Isaac let's just take a moment to
admire your hair he's spent at least 20
minutes working on 2:15 so it's like a
mohawk in the back a little bit but this
week comb-over in the front and you look
you started a new trend but pull mark
all right so I'm so annoyed it looks
like our furnace might not be working
luckily it's a fairly warm day and so
it's still like semi warm inside but we
have our heater set to heat to 71 and it
hasn't been able to get past 66 today
and it's dropped down to 65 and come
back to 66 and like I don't feel warm
air blowing from the bend it's just
frustrating because we have a relatively
new house like our house is not even
three years old and we bought it new
we didn't want to deal with stuff
breaking all the time but our microwave
went out if you remember a couple weeks
ago and we had to pay to replace that
and it's just like it just feels like in
life it's like one thing after another
like something breaks on the car then a
kid needs something that's expensive
then you know something goes wrong with
the house and it like it just adds up
and it's
stressful I hate money okay that's
what's wrong with it
obviously I gotta change the place the
just kidding I'm in the situation my
whole goal is to just not get
electrocuted
all right so there's a switch right here
I want to push it but I'm not sure what
it does whoops his finger slipped you
just crushed it guys he fixed it so one
of the hard things is Kendra's dad
you've seen the vlogs like he's like mr.
fix fix it man he's magical like he can
fix anything and so it's hard as a
son-in-law to not have a little bit of a
complex of like I'm completely in common
wonderful so Kendra doesn't know yet
that the way that I fixed it was by
realizing that we needed to turn it on
like push the on switch right there
watch it was off and now you're so it's
gone who touched that gate little people
you cannot touch this button it's on now
I fixed it turn it on so Isaac got
invited to a Christmas party today at a
friend's house and they have the coolest
backyard seriously it's like another
house back there it's huge like we could
just move in and anyway the kids have a
great time with it well these two are
happy little shoppers because that's the
exit guys can this wait
because I gave them gum and I don't know
if all kids are like this but my kids
are super happy whenever I give them gum
so there they are we are headed into
target to look for some contact paper to
line a Lisa's um bed drawers and I
forgot that it's like Christmas shopping
time like I'm crazy busy out there in
the parking lot so it's gonna be bad in
here I think well see we walk by like
all these toys and we get to the tool
section and he goes oh look it's turtles
and he's so excited like this kid cracks
me up
are these the tool boxes bud yeah you
have to pick it right now that's not the
way Christmas work student whoa I'm not
gay new grammars all right we got our
little perches we're headed home to
finish the bed and I'm going to help
watch mom between my bed so we came out
of Target and wandered up three
different aisles of cars before we found
ours I could remember where I parked I'm
losing my mind
want to hear something disgusting all
right I'm totally embarrassed I should
not be vlogging this but um this is real
life this is mom left guys
I just opened up my purse like the
middle pocket to look for something and
guess what I found in there a pair of
poopie underwear so the other day we
were out at something and Caleb had an
accident because he's still potty
training which is you know just totally
okay that he's still potty training when
I say poopie underwear I just mean there
were some streaks okay can't believe I
just said that but um so I just like
rolled it up in a way that I could put
it into my purse
and we were going straight home and so I
was like as soon as even we get to the
car I can put in another bag but then
apparently life got busy and hectic and
I completely forgot about it so here I
am
two days later with poopy underwear in
my purse okay that's all
and while I got this little piggy up
from her nap
Caleb decided to pour himself a bowl of
milk and what are you doing with it
licking it why because I want to be like
cats dogs how's it working out for you
good
can you put this somewhere so I can eat
it like on the ground
yeah like a cat yeah so what are you
doing I'm doing a spearmint what's the
experiment
um so all you need to do to make note is
you mix wild love together then you make
milk and egg bread and then you put it
in the freezer so are you trying to make
milk yeah they are I did so I got a cup
of water 2 cups of water here's a couple
more I put in water and hair no now the
more you put water in it makes more
mouth can you test it out and drink the
milk and see how it tastes
it it tastes watery I need to put an ice
cube in so I'll be like
I was a little kid I was really
interested in making rocks and so I did
all kinds of experiments I was about
Caleb's age and I remember I had mud
balls that I shaped really perfectly I
tried baking them in the Sun I tried
microwaving them my mom wasn't too happy
about that
I tried freezing them but everything I
did to try to make rocks they would
still crumble up and I just couldn't
figure it out but I tried for many days
to make rocks so getting a little dirty
making milk is pretty messy yeah - me
and kids are so stinkin independent ah
it's date night and it's been a while
since we've gone out to eat somewhere
where we sit down it's been a while
since we've had a date night so we're
doing Texas Roadhouse mostly because of
their roles I seriously feel
like I feel I feel better you should be
like a bad person okay so there's a
whole line of people people have been
waiting for a very long time like
there's a wait outside the door people
don't know that at Texas Roadhouse you
can go and just sit down in the bar area
if a table opens up we literally walked
right in it's open seating at the bar if
any of the booze connects into the bar
so we literally just walked past all
those people and sat down right away and
we've done that every time we come it's
wonderful there's no wait don't tell
anyone because if everybody finds that
bar then we're gonna have a long wait
and we're gonna give up they celebrate
birthdays are pretty exciting I think
that person is sitting on a saddle and
just got Nihad to by the restaurant
steak kabobs
this is a bike from Jeremy's meal and
I'm sharing with him a bite from my
previous years ago Jeremy and I go out
to eat sometimes we actually share a
meal but a lot of times like I always
taste whatever he's eating but you can
see that room
embarrassing
I think they miss us yup hmm are they
all on top of him yeah yeah I came in
and they all wanted
good night Junior Seau you dip and you
wipe then watch so Elise and Caleb are
helping paint the bed
