did you guys find it what's what's
inside the little stockings this one's
mine
it's like a well car I didn't she wrote
little love letters for each of you and
put them in your own cute little mini
stocking all right well I'm excited Lee
waiting for a package today I've been
like watching out my window and then
like I've been listening for my door and
then just as I sat down to tell you guys
about this I saw my mail truck drive up
into my Cola sack and my heartless skip
to be I was like hey I'm here and they
went to my neighbor's house I hate it
when that happens so anyway the box that
I'm waiting for is from thread up have
you guys heard of that it's an online
consignment store and so I think it's
thredUP calm and they actually reached
out to sponsor our video today which I
was very excited about because of two
reasons one my neighbor has used them
and loved them so I was excited to check
it out and number two I really
appreciate saving money and this is a
website that I was interested in sharing
with you guys like the budgets just a
little thinner because we're spending
money on Christmas gifts and things like
that and so I went over there and I was
able to buy some of the necessities
stuff we're needing for our winter
wardrobe to be complete but I didn't
want to go out and spend a bunch of
money on so we bought like snow pants
that some of the kids were needing and I
needed some boots and a least needed new
pants for her like school uniform so
just simple things but I can you know
know that I'm getting a good deal on
them all right the kids are doing their
daily calendar notebooks
okay guys the Box arrived I am so
excited to show this stuff to the kids
and try it on myself and who this is
happy mail I like don't want to rip it
so this is a gap sweater doesn't that
look comfy I love the colors of it
anyway
it's like $60 retail and it was I think
like 15k I don't have any like wedges
you have to try this on if you know oh
your boots um I believe you look good he
likes Sparkle that's way better yet it
play Baxter cubby hey so this hoodie is
Abercrombie it's usually sixty one
dollars which I would never pay for a
hoodie but this was fifteen bucks and I
would get my son a buddy for 15 bucks
right we have to put that on her little
snow suit yeah you are a jacket this is
your snowsuit all right little
abominable snow monster what do you
think oh ha ha it's your jacket
oh I'm gonna keep these clothes here's
the other boots and those are the
jeggings right the jeggings and the
sweaters is all from thredUP
they gave us a 40% off promo code for
all of you guys so it's in the
description box below if you want to go
check it out here's what the bed is
going to look like here's the before and
then we're going to refinish it and give
them an awesome Packer all right so I'm
really grateful my friend is showing me
the ropes she's refinished a bunch of
stuff and when I was at her house and
saw it I was like I can try this so
she's helping me this is Jillian she's
also our photographer if you remember
her from our photographs okay now we're
going to try standing I've never done
this before
all right hey let's help and repair the
drawers so just a day or two I was
talking to Kayla about something and he
said yeah buildings just for boys and I
was like whoa there no way but building
is also for girls and he was like what
he was so confused and so I was so
grateful to have this project going on
right now that my friend and I are doing
and that he can see that example like I
want him to know that building is just
as much for girls as this for boys and
cooking is just as much for boys as it
is for girls and so I'm I'm really glad
to be doing this and the kids do you see
me do it because that's important to me
all right Jeremy is home for lunch
helping repair some of these spots that
came loose that just not work he's done
amazingly on all the other spots I
actually tried and I kept bending the
nails and so came home and he's been
able to do a really great job until I
turned on the camera alright guys so my
law channel is up I have my first video
posted you should go check it out here's
a little sneak peek and I'll put an icon
up here so you can go over and click on
it we're that case all the time Wow I'm
glad we had this visit by I'd love for
you to subscribe there's gonna be fun
videos coming out at least one some more
let's take this off before we eat okay
you want to keep it on so the kids
really wanted to eat lunch outside at
their table
Oh
and I understand is the first question I
bet my dad is like Winston watching this
right now is paint
she dip and you white then watch so
Elise and Kayla are helping paint the
bed I've always wanted to do like real
paint yeah well this is it this is real
painting
Isaac's wanting to help too he gets the
next turn so apparently this is how we
want school and refinish furniture today
he's doing social studies she's doing
man
and I'm thinking all right well I feel
like I've been painting all day I'm just
finishing up the first coat of paint and
I have to Reese and then wipe off all
the like sanding and then do another
coat of paint so Kendra read the Polar
Express with the kids and then tonight
we're going to lay out a blanket and
watch the movie you guys excited and
there's a boy that was going on a train
and he good to see lots of else and he
got a present dolls not in the Santa's
bag goes on his sleigh and it was one of
the dolls that she had is that the
present he got I don't think I've seen
the whole show but I really like the
song from The Polar Express but we would
love to hear from you what is your
favorite Christmas movie I think for me
I really like it's wonderful life and
the family man they are just inspiring
to me and are motivating favorite
Christmas movie ooh white Christmas the
old one that's the one I like grew up
watching with my family like the sisters
sisters they were never sighs Dorota
sisters
I know it's a great one also I haven't
seen it in years but the Santa Claus I
remember really liking when that very
first came out you'd like more popcorn
yeah are we having popcorn with our
movie time what do you say when you want
more popcorn please that's right big
girl I think daddy's cooking it how's it
coming no I think I might have put in
too much oil are you just making it yeah
you just keep shaking it you want more
popcorn come see it come see it I'll
hold you
good night dear Sam
you tell them how bad of a day you had
today I told them a little bit she had a
really really bad day today you guys
it was just one of those rocky
motherhood days
