she said them how bad of a date you had
today I told them a little bit she had a
really really bad day today you guys
at least you know what this song is eyes
explain it's called for Elise if I was
playing a piano
Utley say hi my name is Elise and I'll
be playing for Elise
hopefully you learn to play it soon
please
good morning we have had a fun morning
over here it's pretty out and the kids
wanted to head out and play and so they
played in the backyard for like an hour
and I loved just watching them show me
what you've built in here people like
Elvis right walk right guy and then they
fall in kind of like on Swiss Family
Robinson Oh for the tiger yeah hey Dad
we make me we made a bed is this the bed
can you sleep on it yeah let me see
hey I got money from the kids Barry yeah
would you get i'm quarter a dime and
nick on a penny
awesome how much does that add up to 41
five you think that's a pretty good
amount for a tooth yeah yeah I'm happy
with it especially when it was like
super duper loose and just came in Oh
nickel all right so I have big hopes
that we'll get started on Elise's bed
refinishing project this weekend and so
I'm trying to pick up the supplies while
we're out today so we're getting some
sandpaper should go get some paint we
are trying to decide on the color and
we're choosing between all of these
whites and neutrals and it's funny how
similar they are which one do you think
we should get this huh do you think we
should get Swiss coffee we're also
considering this one it's called dumb
white and you know that there were
different kinds of light I know it's
kind of weird huh so I'm not wanting to
choose like a super stark white oh it's
hard Caleb and Laura are losing patience
which color did we choose these Oh dove
white dove white very nice so honestly
today has had some crummy moments when I
was at Lowe's it was just really
stressful to be there with all the kids
I should have waited and gone in the
evening but we were there so we stuck it
out but it just ended up taking like 10
times longer than I thought it was going
to be and the kids for like all nothing
down and complaining and whining and it
got into lunchtime and so anyway bro I
was just so ready to be done there's
that store and we left so we come home
and it was stressful getting all the
kids you know eating and getting Laura
down for her nap and everybody was
grumpy sauce and so I decided to pop
some like chocolate chip cookie dough
into the oven so that we can have some
chocolate chip cookies and cheer us all
up and then I burnt the chocolate chip
cookies so we're trying to dig out of
our moments and into a happy afternoon
and I think we're going to do it
I can see a light it's coming so anyway
it makes me happy it just like warms my
heart to see the kids over here working
on their school Lucy's been doing her
math like a little rock star I did one
big one yeah you did and Isaac is
actually finishing up a math book as
well he already did his grammar and his
writing he's on a roll with his little
toothless grin give us that grin all
right how many more loose teeth do you
have three three more fries soon you're
not gonna be eat anything we'll only be
able to give you juice out of a bottle
then I'll burp you and put you to bed
anyway it's gonna be a good day it's
gonna be a good day it's gonna be a good
day it's gonna be a good day it's gonna
be a good day all right well this
afternoon we had piano lessons and now
we're heading into a library activity
they're going to be teaching about
catapults we'll see what we do
like that little dryer
these two usually do pretty well sitting
through the library programs but they're
kind of struggling today so Caleb onto
both the bathroom and
answer her
oh you guys truck
all right leases catapult is done let's
see it in action now it's cool can you
do it again nice good work
Isaac's finishing his up and Kayla blow
the double catapult let's see it but my
Isaac finishes so here's the design you
just need popsicle sticks and rubber
bands and then you can use a marshmallow
or a cotton ball
apparently Laura thinks that the markers
are fingernail polish she told me love
mommy fingers look they made a Christmas
tree out of books I think that's so cute
so on the way home from the library we
were stuck in traffic for a while it was
you know everything was shut down to one
lane because there was a big accident
and we were like right there and we were
stuck so anyway you guys already know
how I feel about ambulances and fire
trucks and sirens and accidents so every
time that happens I get emotional and I
cry every time I see sirens or hear
sirens I cried firetruck never wash milk
that's true it's true you guys I'm so
excited on Saturday I will be posting my
first video on Jay house law I have a
couple videos in the works and the one
we're doing first is the kids snippet so
it's Caleb and Elise's voice about a
client meeting with a lawyer and it's
just really fun on that channel I'm
going to be doing like educational
things that cover questions related to
the law and just fun stuff with my
family and so I'm super excited to get
it going
alright so Isaac is doing more coding we
got so many suggestions from people when
we showed Isaac coding the other game
and we got a lot to go to code org and
he's just flying through the levels he's
loving it I mean he's it's as though
he's playing a video game in coding do
you kind of feel like you're playing a
video game it's not I don't think it
really is I don't like it as much but I
like it we'll take that good thing we
don't need to get you a Wii or an Xbox
or anything
Kim G all right now Mary can you please
go to the mmm house oh so I set up the
cards then we pretended one was
Jerusalem and one was Bethlehem and
Elise's being Mary and Caleb's being
Joseph and I give them a sound and they
have to go choose the right house in the
town to live in Oh
so Mary said to me and Laura when I
watch them where's the better spot no no
there's no room in the V in
you tell them how about if I did you had
today I told them a little bit she had a
really really bad day today you guys
it's just one of those rocky motherhood
days to leap in whoa
