hey what did you do this morning hey
Korres a fun you colored and it was
really fun yeah Miz Laura we do not
color on the wall why why cuz we color
on paper hey boy why paper because then
it doesn't make a mess on Mama's wall Oh
mommy
so here's ms Larry's artwork this
morning
yay so Kendra died upstairs listening to
Isaac and the other kids on the piano
we're like are they playing a duet or
something
snuggles with mom yeah so sweet
well hi miss Loretta here they are
running their laps this morning okay so
apparently this is Jay house kids gym
there's five stations you can run laps
you can do push-ups and sit-ups you can
throw a football into a bin you can wait
lift by lifting the basketball hoop up
or you can run an obstacle course and
they conveniently have a resting area
yeah where did you get a marker now six
because this is the swimming is the
kicking so fast oh I'm so exhausted
yeah I just wanted your lower pan so
Caleb just pushed Laura and I'm holding
Laura while talking Mikayla but I'm like
Caleb say sorry Laura and Laura goes
sorry Laura hey Caleb can you say sorry
to Laura put your socks and we are
wearing our Christmas sucks yeah Laura
get your socks in here get your socks in
here oh yeah Laura's got her little
penguin blue socks and Lacey say ho ho
ho and Isaac's have Santa Claus my
another red one okay let's have a
present and a Santa Clause on and more I
decided to stand on all of our theme is
Laura alright so for part of school this
morning we're doing a challenge a stem
challenge and what I'm doing is I'm
getting each the kids a bell inside of
one of these ornaments that comes
and they have to figure out how to make
a bail be quiet giving them all of these
materials as options to see what they
want to use to try to make their bells
be quieter do you guys have any ideas
all right what do you think we see I
think you should put something soft and
tight to put around it so it could be
quieter Caleb what do you think is going
to help make the jingle bell be quieter
toilet paper inside you think toilet
paper will do it all right so this is
operation quiet the jingle bells ready
let's go Isaac's grabbing a rag he's
trying to get some wrapping paper
hey let's got the toilet paper is it
quieter a little bit or a lot quieter a
little bit a little bit do you think you
can make it even quieter we need help
come paint you're going for more toilet
paper
it's quieter than your last one huh no
caleb is your ball even in there look
look on the table his Bell fell out and
so I was like wow that's really quiet
keeping a list on a piece of paper just
of the different things that we've tried
in the ornament with the jingle bell and
then we're marking whether they made it
quieter medium or still loud
I think this is your best one so which
one is it what is in there cotton balls
cotton balls okay Isaac I'm gonna keep
challenging you you can do it make it
quieter figure it out shake it
that is so quiet good job buddy we're
gonna go redeem the kids book it coupons
for their reading for lunch today which
I'm excited about but it also means I
have to put on real pants cuz I should
probably leave my house with not just
yoga pants on so time to get on some
jeans they're pretty excited to pay for
their book it hmm
all right important question what is
your favorite like pizza place to get
pizza from I think that I would have to
say at mine is Papa John's but I also
really love Pizza Hut so they're kind of
both top contenders but let us know in
the comments below what your favorite
place to get pizza from is woo that's
another good question let's go
love you guys feel one thing you didn't
feel one thing is tooth is out yeah I'm
so happy I'm just a background ground
pepper
Angus all I thought was pizza Alec
that's my to your tooth just literally
fell out on the mat that's amazing say
we carry full
so Caleb just came and told me this
great idea hey what's your idea we are
nearly Society we're gonna have our own
house Lisi gonna show everything we need
I'm gonna bail wrong house I need a saw
hammer saw screws and some nails and and
Havasu and then you need to buy me all
that stuff what color you're gonna paint
your house blue it we have ton gray and
red let's do something like brown yeah
brown brown and then blue brown gray and
then no I think blue goes Brown College
yeah
all right um well while we're still
finalizing those details do you guys
wanna go to the park yeah
all right let's go so out of the park it
really doesn't even feel like December
it just feels so beautiful out here
so we're here at a park and we're close
to getting out so I just know I'm the
mom mom hi just a little little miss
laura has been obsessed with Elise's
ballet class for like the last three or
four days every time we get ready to go
she goes go ballet class
my ballet my dream mine my ballet your
turn is it your turn to dance can you
say ballet class mm-hmm ballet laughing
Lisa's ballet class
are you gonna have your ballet class
every time we come home to the lights of
our Christmas tree and our stockings and
the smell of our Christmas tree I just
love this time of year it's just magical
all right so we just sat down to dinner
we're having a late dinner tonight
because elese just got home from ballet
but this is what we're having tonight
let me move my fork so you guys can see
it so this is called Santa Fe chicken
and I serve it with rice and some salad
so Caleb just said something hilarious
and he raised one eyebrow
Uli's can do it I think Isaac can raise
his eyebrow Oh straight so hard
Kendra you raised one eyebrow is it
working normally not look can you raise
an eyebrow
she's just just drawing your poop can
you make a cute face it looks how much
you guys can you raise one eyebrow or do
other eyebrow tricks I I want to get it
to where I can raise Bowl yeah I'm here
I'm only right eyebrowed yeah I can only
gonna try I can I don't know you can't
close an eye that's good never do that
again right Jay house out where'd he go
that's not hair after sleeve
