what do you think buddy Balaam had to
get his tool belt on this morning he's
gotten his tools ready to go all right
well we're super excited this morning we
are finally getting our microwave
installed it's going to be nice to have
that back up and running and off my
kitchen counter that is really powerful
it really is what did you think mmm oh
you're eating a marker now are you gonna
be a fix-it boy when you grow up yeah
and guess fix it right now you have to
wait till you're a little bit bigger no
I know testing out the new microwave
it's quieter which kind of makes me
think it's not working but if it just
works in is quieter than that's awesome
we're trying to heat up some water so
Isaac is using a new website today
let's see what's it called made with
code and he is coding he's learning code
this is his very first time to try it
but right now he's trying to code but
this girl
Riley walks over and slides down the
stairs I'll be honest Jeremy and I both
took a turn helping with this this
morning it's pretty fun so we are having
a completely random warm week this week
I'm really excited instead of like 30
and 40 degree temperatures the highs for
the week are in the high 50s and low 60s
and so we are going to be outside of it
I am as a mother very grateful for that
so Isaac is out playing some baseball
Wow and these dancing yes that ball
barely misty Lisa's head how are you
good and I'm you should probably not
dance in front your brother's bat just
didn't know I was fine oh you were
flying haha thanks well be careful where
you fly Little Miss butterflies hey
mister man what's she up to
swinging woo that's clever
whoa whoa how are you little miss do you
want to swing drop mama to push you
there you guys go your swing in are you
trying to pump little girl your pumping
yeah so today I'm feeling really
grateful for the flexibility that comes
with homeschool Isaac just finished his
math book which I knew he was going to
finish up mid-year so I have the next
level ready to go for him but as he was
finishing up the book that he was in I
was just kind of feeling like it was
getting too easy for him I felt like he
was ready for a faster pace and so I was
looking at this next book and just
didn't seem like a good fit and so what
I decided to do was give him the final
test from this next level of a book and
he passed it with flying colors and so
I'm actually skipping that level and
we're going to jump him up to the third
level but I just was grateful today that
I can do that for him like he needs to
be going faster in this area and slower
in some other areas that I can you know
adjust his curriculum to like his
specific needs at this moment and also I
can pick the curriculum that's best
suited to him like what's best for him
is not the same as what's best for you
lease so that's something about home
school that I'm really grateful as I can
push the kids in the directions that
they're ready to be pushed and slowly
take things like methodically like one
step at a time in other areas where
they're really needing more time to
grasp things so yeah
are you doing a ballet dance yeah
watching very nice you want to go faster
I think they're happy to be outside so
this kid is actually really fun to play
soccer disgusting
we suck sup sup sup this ball is like
wet and completely deteriorating thumbs
up if you think we need a new soccer
ball ready set oh oh he's coming at me
he's coming at me alright so I'm just
sitting here doing school it's Isaac
check out how loose his tooth is isn't
that creepy dude your tooth is loose
really really loose I can pull it out no
when are you gonna let it come out just
wrong whenever it falls out hey nervous
don't want it to get pulled out a bad
ending it kind of hurt yeah give the
hiccups yeah
what was the coolest thing you did in
school today um Colleen yeah did you put
your arms in your shirt just to stay
cozy oh there's a hand where'd the other
one go where'd it go that's not your
other sleeve I think you're confusing
all right so dinner tonight is chicken
pot pie the recipe that I have is a new
recipe that I'm trying but it makes two
pies so I went ahead and asked when my
neighbors if she wanted one of them
because who's not busy during the
holiday season like who in December
doesn't just need dinner brought to them
so anyway I'm not taking them much like
I'm just dropping off the pie but here
are the pies getting ready to go in the
oven hopefully they're done by
dinnertime all right and I'm totally not
superwoman
that was a freezer meal so it was just
easy peasy I popped it into like
pre-made pie crust so that's how that's
getting done my house is a little bit of
a disaster zone right now and I forgot
about my laundry so I need to go keep up
on the laundry here's the aftermath of
school
you ready to help all right let's do
so the kids are so excited about the
light fight it's the TV show where they
go around the different places and see
the lights set up at people's house that
Kendra made this list of what everyone
has to do before they can watch the kids
are very motivated it's it's been
effective it's a big deal we do not
usually watch TV in the evening as a
family like ever ever I think the last
time was less Christmas we did it
I mean we'll put on Netflix you know I'm
like a crazy day but what it's actually
watched TV is rare so we're watching the
great market light fight
my show and now yeah can family knocked
my socks off it's gonna be really hard
to choose you find an ornament that's a
bell left the teacher the rest of the
Sun oh what fun it is to ride in a
one-horse open sleigh hey jingle bells
jingle bells jingle good night dear cell
pleasant
