all right so our good friends Matt and M
are doing their gender reveal I know I
look awesome
okay so mad now they're finding out what
gender their baby is and I'm showing the
kids the video we haven't seen yet what
do you guys think are they gonna have a
boy or a girl girl why do you think girl
because they don't have any girl yeah
Carter and Drake you think girl yeah
everybody's going girl I think I'm gonna
have to go boy then Laura boy or girl
girl boy another boy gratulations
hiccuping boys is pretty good don't you
guys think I mean boys are awesome do
you guys wish we had another little boy
for you yeah I'm about to open two more
keep going I'm older we're doing a car
trick competition
hey Lori go ahead let's go so this was
such a fun game I had to start helping
him out a little bit to come up with
some bigger ideas well I was amazing we
came out to the library today and
there's an author's workshop going on
and so all of these authors from around
the Kansas City area are here and we got
to see their books and before we went in
I had the kids I'll think of some
questions to ask the authors and so they
were able to just talk to them right
there and ask them questions and for
advice and it was really cute the
questions they came up with like Isaac
was like you know is there any hard
parts about being an author and Elise
asked how the books were actually made
and it's really just a great experience
well Caleb
is in heaven I think we have found what
he's going to be doing for quiet time
every quiet time for the rest of forever
the thing you got your goggles on never
know what I think of styrofoam is gonna
fly up in those eyes so I love seeing
the kids pursuing their own interests
today during quiet time so Caleb's over
here building Isaac's outside and lacy
is over here baking what are you making
muffins first yeah yeah are you making
them with mom or all by yourself
Oh mmm there's just a few percent help
with like what yeah no the milk you want
me to pour that yeah okay you tell me
how much I need we write 1/2 cup uh-huh
it's right there where my hand is okay
I'll fill it up to where your hand is
all right chef at work so at least
decided to add chocolate chips to the
muffin batter she's pretty excited about
it how are they turning out room um
you're supposed to taste it
okay let's your taste tester
thank you you're welcome
Macy's wiping off the counter cleaning
up should the dishes and threw away her
trash that's what actually real chefs do
yeah you gotta clean up huh
mr. Calif are we allowed to have our
bikes upstairs no why'd you bring it
upstairs then because I love to bring it
outside from the back door from the back
door so he told they went out into the
garage and carried his tricycle which is
actually kinda heavy all the way up the
flight of stairs so all right this kid
so I found a bed for a lease at a thrift
store and our awesome neighbors helping
Jeremy unload it and we are going to
refinish it what color are we gonna
paint it white white excited yeah and
we're gonna pay our room purple oh you
think so yeah all right so it's a
captain style bed resting place hey I'm
gonna finish it I'm gonna finish it for
a week it's done while our neighbors
helped us out today and it's was the
sign and we were wanting to give them a
little treat so I him up a little tin of
goodies and the kids are going to take
it over to their house and they want to
knock on the door and run away and just
like leave it as a surprise
Jeremy wants to play with his cube we've
tested it out here on my front porch
like setting it up in certain locations
to see what it's going to look like down
there so all right we're gonna see we're
gonna see if we can get footage of our
friends when they open the door and see
the surprise so they're doing their
secret spy moves on the way down
to our neighbors we got to start being
sneaky they live right up here
we could not sneak up on you guys it's a
little camera Merry Christmas thanks for
being great neighbors hey what'd you
guys think it was really scary
those fools all right well Jeremy and
the kids had so much fun dropping off at
ease to our one neighbor that now they
want to do it again so we are making a
few more rounds and dropping off some
more little tons of goodies all right
attempt number two motion sensor let's
come on
Hey
Oh
we gave you guys you guys caught us yeah
you saw the carefully obviously got
caught again I think our little cameras
give us away
that and that we are really excited to
see our friends so we're just happy to
chat with them because I actually really
like that because we even like I got out
and Caleb got out and we went up and
visited and chatted for a little while
so here's our last stop which is
laughing so we decided that it would be
more fun if we all came this time it's
hard to be sneaky
when Caleb wants to see his uncle and
aunt and cousins
look Abby
we didn't get God probably missed us my
family growing up we did the 12 days of
Christmas where we would pick a family
and the 12 days leading up to Christmas
we would secretly leave a gift it would
start getting really hard by the end
because they would be waiting for us and
it was so much fun
Brent's family did that last year for
her family and by day 11 and 12
they were like wearing sleeping bags
like running trying to knock goodbye
doing to yourself
friends of
hail the son of righteousness
