this little peanut has had a rough
morning she has literally been crying
the entire time I have not been holding
her and so I had ended up holding her
all morning long okay so I just got the
best text my baby sister just had a baby
and I see what's her name
Gemma she looks pretty she is so sweet
likening Cammy
Gemma Gemma yeah it's a funny huh oh
what's that
yeah it's Gemma can you say Gemma
Madeleine can you say baby she's so
sweet
yeah isn't she so sweet
aye hee hee Bella it's funny I was
actually just talking to my sister Marla
on the phone last night like I went out
and I was doing some shopping and I was
talking to her and she's like I just
wonder like how soon is she gonna come
and then I wake up this morning and my
phone buzz and Jeremy was like Kendra
did you see the text from your sister
and because it was like a group family
text and I was like no is she in labor
and then he brought the camera the phone
over and there's like the pictures like
I squealed like yeah I'm so glad she's
here everybody's feeling a little bit
better still kind of emotional and
emotional like you can totally tell look
at kids eyes doesn't he still look a
little bit might keep a little bit sick
anyway least that's the only one that
has escaped the sickness so far Isaac
was sick last night and then he's been a
little bit sick this morning but are you
gonna stay healthy don't we take it that
means not I can't go to the Christmas
party
our Church's Christmas party is tonight
and it's not looking like we're going to
be able to go because we don't want to
share any of this awesome sickness even
though we're starting to feel better I
just don't feel comfortable with it
because we're not like you know all the
way past it so it's a sadness so have
you guys ever had to miss something fun
because you were sick let us know in the
comments below I have a great story
about this one I actually missed my
wedding reception
because I was technically I guess it was
like a wedding open house so we were
having our open house so before our
actual wedding because the dates and
stuff and so anyway but it was like the
big event I was at my parents home and
you know we planned all the food and
decorated and everything and I was
totally sick I was upstairs in a
bathroom the entire time just keeping my
guts out so now I missed my wedding open
house so let us know in the comments
below what you've had to mess when
you're sick it's a bummer it really
stinks to have to miss out on stuff when
you're sick it really stinks not really
stinks you think that's funny
yeah why is it funny because it stinks
why is that funny
I don't know sorry I admitted you what
Oh kind of wedding thing yeah it was a
bummer but guess what it's okay
and then but the good thing is you got
to get married that is a good thing that
is a very good thing all right we're
getting our school done so here's some
of Isaac's work
I made a hexagon yeah and then I'm still
working to make this big diamond with
mine with four diamonds in it awesome I
love the patterns are doing so Caleb do
you like the nails or the screws better
screws what do you like about the screws
that they are bigger Caleb I love the
designs you've got going on here so when
I saw this activity on Pinterest I was
so excited because I knew it would be a
hit for Caleb he's always wanting to use
like nails and screws and things like
that and so I saw a way that he could do
it that was going to work I was excited
and AMA these are six inch cones I just
got him in like a 2-pack at Walmart and
then I just got the little nails and
screws and washers and these are rainbow
loom rubber bands so even little Laura
is getting into it she's just like
hanging the rubber bands on the little
nails I had to put the nails in for her
but she's really having fun
okay so I came home for lunch today
because a package has arrived whoo and
it is a new camera which is a huge deal
when your video in your life every
single day this is the new polaroid cube
yeah look how tiny it is Polaroid
reached out to us to sponsor a video and
see what we thought of the cube so we're
going to test it out today I'm going to
throw some shots into the vlog today and
see what it looks like but just the size
of it and it's magnetic so you can like
attach it to stuff that's going to open
up a lot of doors of different shots and
things we can do with it so I said what
do you think of it I'm really excited
because it's cute and I'm a girl and I
just like to keep things but I'm also
really excited because it's so little I
think we're going to be able to do some
fun like pranks and fun like just angle
shot of the kids you guys better watch
out this cameras gonna be sunny I think
we should strap it on Caleb and just
look just let him like run around be fun
caleb cam the Kayla cam ah so they sent
us some other stuff too oh you guys this
is a bicycle mount so you can put it on
to like a bicycle and it's attached and
you could like right around and get
footage on your bike five you could be
yeah I want to be my camera and when I
vlog so I could strike and got this five
walk and I could be just riding around
run with that vlogging mmm-hmm just like
and what's that one do all right this is
a helmet mount sweet so we can actually
strap it onto your head and literally
let you run around there's such a summer
I dream it's cute that is so cute I
think that looks like a Laura thing
ma'am
oh good thing that's not the real camera
so Elise asked if we had a Christmas
tablecloth
and I found one and now she's underneath
the table trying to make sure that all
the edges are even so she's pulling it
which is actually really clever every
time I've tried to get a tablecloth even
it's like so hard to pull it from side
to side but Caleb's setting the table
apparently yes
good Lacey what do you think of having a
tablecloth it's really fair it's really
better to be Christmas I'm slicing all
right you want put this in the middle
it's called a centerpiece Lizzie what
did you do I made it
fancy did you set the table all
surprised I did not ask her to do this
but we just need a napkin right here
well I think I can find us some napkins
but can I find us Christmas napkins is
the question it's the little things in
life the little things
last year we get a fancy dare so I
wanted to do it so I've been doing a ton
of my Christmas shopping on Amazon which
means that like every other day it seems
like the door bells ringing and we go to
the door and there's a box there and
it's just so exciting to the kids and
every time I'm like Merry Christmas like
you don't know what's coming um look at
that thing
okay wow that's a big box Merry
Christmas
I don't know what are you saying yet
it's from Amazon all right which is kind
of like the North Pole these days
confusing the children flip all right
this is Laura's first time hanging the
ornament up oh she's trying did you hang
it on a light yeah you did that's a fire
hazard I made this one that when I was
little how old were you like um
sighs when you were Laura sighs you made
this yeah all right lacy this is one of
my favorite ones that's why you keep it
safe in here yeah so put it up very
gently so this one's from off of my
grandparents Christmas tree look I've
not one beautiful I got my tie stuck in
there all right hey let's hear to put it
on slide it all the way down there we go
mom Disher because there's a real spike
in oh if we hung the cube from the tree
and it just like watched us yeah creepy
so Laura I got ahold of the cube they
did say this thing was like unbreakable
hopefully I love this magical time of
year
no friends
righteousness
is with smiles
Oh
they died
alright guys it's the magical moment
when the Christmas tree lights are on
and all the kids are filed on the same
page here on the couch alright looks
like I have to sit here - goodnight
- now baby
yup his baby teeny baby Jesus
