she was just crazy voice better she
reached right up and licked my face Oh
dad ow all right good morning we are
headed out on an adventure this morning
just with the big kids
ha ha ha don't say I'm so excited how
about you yeah so Caleb and Laura have
still been sick but the big kids and I
were getting a little cooped up just
being stuck at home you know watching
these like little kiddie movies and
anyway so Jeremy decided that we needed
a morning off so he's home with the
sickies and we're going out on the town
remember where we're going yeah a
kaleidoscope is one of my favorite place
my world I got it when I was 2 and can I
tell something what um when I was little
oh I did not like um the feeling of like
pooping my diaper like and a potty train
myself you decided how is that
applicable to kaleidoscope right now hey
I don't know but we are glad we are
still glad that she potty-trained
herself BC what's this thing called
you're on
guys it's so weird being out here
without the little kids like I don't
know what to do with myself
whoo kaleidoscope from arc this way so
kaleidoscope is a free arts and crafts
kids center that is provided by homework
yeah mr. hard give me some help
alright so there's your santa claus
puzzle headed into the dark glow in dark
room all right so I made this Jay house
out of these melted down
glow-in-the-dark Kranz
it was really fun and here is Willie
sees artwork
ready to go yeah all right now we are
headed into the hallmark visitor center
so here they show us on the card making
process you guys see this machine over
here all right yes because they're going
to see how about gets made
wait
and how much the designs and styles of
the cards have changed over the decades
this is where we are
so we've lived here in Kansas City for a
couple of years now and we really just
developed a love for the city and some
real KC pride and hallmark is a big
company here in Kansas City it was
founded here and they do a lot for the
community here I've just really become
fond of them so they reached out to us
and asked if they could sponsor one of
our videos and we said yes we would love
to do that we'd love to share with our
viewers so anyway we're going to eat
some lunch and then we are going to go
to the Hallmark gold crown store and
pick up some stuff so it's so different
to be here without the little kids a
piece of it is like super convenient and
relaxing and less stress but I also
really miss them like I see things that
they would have just loved like I'm sure
their eyes would have just like you lit
up and especially in 'caleidoscope like
that you would have just loved those art
projects so we're definitely going to
have to come back here again where
they're feeling better
look at these brave little kiddos I
remember when you guys were scared of
escalators
my whole homework is definitely on
christmas stores fun to be here the
semia there's so many beautiful things
and there's decor and gifts for other
people and toys this funny think the
kids are drawn to one section and I'm
drawn to another but we're having fun
it's fun to be out Christmas shopping
what do you see okay stop
oh that is cute so if there's not a
hallmark Gold Crown store in your area
you can actually look at their products
online - it's at Hallmark calm these are
not our families those are just other
pictures of families Lacey but how we
gonna have we take out their pictures
and we put our pictures in it oh can you
tell I don't hang pictures in our house
much how embarrassing
all right well here's our stash of the
things that we chose we're going to be
donating these to a little girl that
needs a Christmas present she's going to
like it
yeah and then we've got these little
toys for Caleb and Laura since they're
home sick and couldn't come with us
today and of course we had to get a
couple of things for ourselves here's
some cute ornaments add to our tree this
year well the kids are having a little
bit of a hard time leaving without
getting something for themselves or at
least not getting much for themselves
but that just happens at Christmas time
you know like they are getting Christmas
presents but I shop for them when the
kids are in there so sometimes they get
to go to the store with me and see
really fun stuff and not to get not get
to get any of it so it feels good to be
back home to my sickos I missed you guys
too daddy take good care of you yeah
for once my lap all to herself
yeah we can I snuggle with Caleb too
we decided we're gonna give them the
little gifts
cubby we missed you so much today do you
want to go back with us another time
okay yeah you sure can't get it done
they picked it out just for you hey I am
okay let's get one to Laura did you say
two - does she have a two - ah dress
she's wearing a dress dress like the
dress is it pretty you say thank you hmm
you want more hey like where's that bag
look and see if there are some more
stuff in there there is but for us let's
just do air quotation like more and more
lately and one day I've never seen it
just recently she was like dad what does
it mean to do this I was like oh it's
quotation marks Christmas you boo-boo
raise your hand of your poopoo oh she is
stinky stinky pants baby did you get a
baby she put her baby to bed hey guys
isn't it so sad to see cubby all sick
yeah he hasn't been himself
how did you survive today we watched a
lot of TV
he likes to let ineptly watched every
Disney Christmas special on Netflix
three times nice that's good well like
it's really stressful when all the kids
are sick so we declared it a movie night
date night okay and I
basically finally decided to stop just
playing it safe I've been having soup
and bread and crackers because I haven't
been feeling super well and I didn't
know if I was going to get sick well
sometimes you gotta live on the wild
side and just go for it and eat real
food even though that might turn out bad
that's good well that was beautiful that
was like mom's cartwheels we'll keep
working on it she was just crying I said
voice better should we write up and
licked my face
oh is that about we don't lick people
hey less sugar shrug ah somebody praise
you
we picture Christmas Lizzie
good night to yourself baby
yup his baby teeny baby Jesus
