morning friends well Laura is feeling
better but unfortunately this little
guys not feeling good at all there's a
horsey that one's a camel all right
they make a spitting sound they go I
have no idea if it's true or not but
that's I've always hey what's that one
is that one a cow what does a cow say
hmmmm so this is just the simple
fisher-price Nativity and we've had it
since Isaac getting at least four little
and I absolutely love it it's one of my
favorite Christmas things to get out and
just let the kids play and explore with
it and it's really durable and fun I
recommend it
what else can you find baby is that your
baby cause baby Jesus I think that was
this Shepherd do you think that's a
slide
well I am so glad this little girl is
feeling better today yep this baby teeny
baby Jesus so during his free time today
Isaac has been playing football in the
basement and he's made up a game where
it's like one team versus another team
and he plays both sides and he's gotten
really into it like I love his
imagination that this can come alive and
what made me smile the most is that
apparently the halftime show is being
performed by Michael Jackson just when I
got to go so it's my team the wolverines
Isaac Flores our shows that actual to
called the Buffalo Bills ooh I want to
see your own Michael Jackson performance
laughs I love it
you having fun so are you winning or the
Buffalo Bills winning oh all right so
it's getting to be quiet time Caleb
brought me his pillow and his blanket
and said mom is it nap time yet so uh
yeah he's sick and I'm getting ready to
put Laura to bed
I'm going to try to hit the books with
the big kids but anyway so for lunch
today we had noodles just like plain
noodles I put like a little bit of
cheese and some butter on it but not
much at all and that is something that I
like to eat when I'm not feeling very
well I also like to eat just like toast
or rolls or crackers but what's kind of
your go-to thing when you're not feeling
good what's the food that you like to
eat
jeromy's is really weird it's tacos who
likes to eat tacos when they're not
feeling good anyway I like tacos too but
not when I'm sick yeah okay well Lisa's
on board with the tacos but anyway let
us know in the comments below what you
like to eat when you're not feeling well
Lisa and I are practicing syllables
right now I've got numbers on the ground
numbers 1 2 3 and I tell for a Christmas
word and she has to do ballet moves all
the way to the number that is the
correct number of syllables in the word
so ready Christmas
and you found the number two the number
two okay go back to the beginning candy
let's see it do all right how about
mistletoe go back to the beginning Oh
mistletoe is a plant that you hang on
your ceiling and whenever people are
caught standing underneath it they have
to kiss each other
it's a kissing one I don't do it you
want to do mistletoe we need mistletoe
at our house okay ready
do mistletoe
hmm Isaac what are you learning about
Hanukkah and Kwanzaa
what are they um they're holiday so we
checked out some books from the library
he asked me today said mom what's the
difference between Hanukkah and Kwanzaa
and Christmas and I was like you know I
know some basics but let's research it
so I checked out some books and then we
looked up some information online so he
did the reading on his own and now we're
reviewing it together
it's got bud in their education we want
to make sure that they know but there's
not just one way to do things and that
the way we do it isn't the only right
way or the only good way to do things
and so we want to make sure they're
aware of and have an open mind to all
the different things that different
people around the world do to celebrate
to believe to live their lives
good job you almost got it keep up the
good work so we were sitting here we
just put some pizza in the oven for
dinner and these comes like dancing
through the room and she's like mom let
me show you my dance moves and I turn
around like oh oh my goodness it's time
for your dance class like we changed our
dance schedule and so she does dance on
this like weekday evening and I just
haven't gotten into the new groove of it
and I was like hurry like we were 15
minutes late at that point but it's real
close so we just like ran over there and
anyway she's still got to be there for
an hour for dance class but there's this
funny like this moment of like oh my
goodness you're not what you're supposed
to be all right we're gonna go lay this
little go down for bed I just set up the
shower curtain in here in case things
get messy
my smell like chocolate that's really
chocolate please put right by you okay
just want to sleep with that right there
do you sell so we really appreciate
everyone setting in the submissions for
grateful raspberries were done including
those but it was great to see what
everyone was thankful for and I'm
actually going to include right now some
Jay house outs that I didn't get in
back when we hit 5,000 subscribers
people send in Jay house out clips and
they were hilarious these are three that
because of formatting I wasn't able to
make it work so I'm actually just like
filming my laptop in a bathroom with the
light off it doesn't look really great
but I wanted you guys to see these
because people put a lot of work into
them and I thought they weren't right
J house out okay
I'm going to read a book together first
let's go snuggle immutable
