all right you guys excited to go to
school today yeah all right we're just
dropping them off so it's a big bummer
Laura was up last night throwing up and
she is not feeling good today so Jeremy
decided to stay home and work from home
with her so that I could still take
Isaac and Elise to school because it's a
bit of a drive and if there's one thing
I've learned is that throwing up on
drives is not enjoyable yeah I'm so
sorry you're not feeling good buddy
while we were changing the tire Isaac
threw up in the farm Caleb and I are
running into library storytime because
he considers that to be his school each
week and it only take about 30 minutes
so that's what we're up to this morning
about the day we're doing where we
playing a game in the car yeah let's
show them the game ready all right Caleb
what's down starts the word purple wow
what sound starts the word thirsty very
good what sound starts the word church
you are so good at that game so the
whole drive back from the kids school he
and I have been playing rhyming games
and we've also been playing like
assemble compound word games and we've
also been playing named the sound that
the word starts with games these are all
like phonemic awareness activities that
I try to do just like when we're out and
about and it helps him get ready to read
because he is going to be starting to
read alright Chad oh let me touch the
ceiling
I love you all right you too how's your
lip doing today not very good you know
it's a hurt can I see yet does it still
hurt pretty bad right
it does it will I take the drink and
take it out but like sticks and then
pause ouch
I'm sorry you had that owie can't with a
librarian
thankfully the Sun has come out today it
is still really cold but at least the
sunshine is out well apparently Laura
threw up more while we were gone and
it's just so sad to see her sick anyway
she's in the bathtub right now so she's
happy anyway after a night and a morning
of dealing with throw-up Jeremy and I
are both starting to feel sick and it's
hard to know like is it just in our
brain is it when you're holding somebody
that's throwing up you just naturally
feel sick like you guys watching this
right now might be starting to feel sick
like is it the idea in our head or are
we actually getting sick anyway
sometimes it's hard to tell ah hi Laura
hey are you in the bad
Laura Laura did you throw up today did
you spit out yeah was it yucky yeah yeah
I'm sorry that's so sad I hope you feel
better
you seem happy in the bathtub do you
like the bathtub yeah do you wanna come
take a nap and your crib with your
pillow
all right I'm warming up your towels so
we can get you out and says some nice
dry towels warm ones okay can I snuggle
you girl
one of the only fluids that she's eating
are these popsicles
what are they called they're like
Pedialyte Airy Pedialyte popsicles so
she was freezing eating them and I got
out the blow dryer just to keep her warm
while she was eating the popsicles this
reminds me of last year right before
Christmas all of us got the flu Jeremy
and I sang the most ridiculous 12 sick
days of Christmas song
it's a nurse hopefully this does not
become that and hopefully it's just a
nice little case I mean you need to go
to sleep I'm going to read a book
together first let's go smoke on read it
well I was hoping after her nap she was
going to be feeling better that's not
the case do you want to go get my boots
on dad we just give her a popsicle again
a Pedialyte popsicle and it's red we
wish that they made it why die free
why are they're not dying for you
Pedialyte popsicles maybe there are
maybe now there are no any home all
right good luck at this store I'm going
to try to take that little girl no I
can't mama was you alright
so Caleb has a quarter and this little
bag that he carries the quarter in it's
been cracking me up all day there it is
so I just picked up some of the
essential stuff Gatorade spray saltine
crackers everything to prepare for the
storm of impending flu so with Laura
bein sick today we didn't really put our
focus our attention on capturing some of
the great moments with the kids and
while I'm editing this I'm realizing but
I have nothing of Isaac and Elise so I
went back to the vlog from one year ago
today to see what was there and there's
some great stuff of Isaac Annalise I
wanted to include that for you
and then you finished it yeah oh that's
just beautiful yes he did it very nice
so he's keeping track of how many
chapter books he's reading and so far
how many of you read 75 and I asked it
to 100 only 25 more bucks
I was drawing me and I was a princess
and I got scared from the dark oh let's
see it this is Elise as a princess
getting scared of the dark
good night dance app for J house vlogs
and encouragement every day and I'm
thankful for whipped cream and chocolate
hot raspberries you guys try it i'm
morgan and vibe from Kansas City I'm
thankful for my family hi my name is
Kayla I'm from Santa Clara and I'm
grateful for my friends family and the
in-center
hi my name is Dylan and I live in
California and I'm thankful for my
family in YouTube Jay has out so when
I'm feeling down and I'm having a hard
day sometimes it's just hard to climb
back out of it
like I just want to reset and start over
or I'll just go to bed now and wake up
tomorrow and try and get that
