so when I'm feeling down and having a
hard day sometimes it's just hard to
climb back out of it like I just want to
reset and start over or I'll just go to
bed now and wake up tomorrow and try to
get that you putting on some lipstick
pink
so pretty
KITT let's go clean you up okay
so I guess feelings definitely teaches
you patience and to be able to focus on
things amid chaos so before I head into
work I'm talking with the kids about
inventions we're watching some YouTube
videos about some cool inventions so I
love seeing like there's these new
inventions someone came up with a bike
where you can write it and it will make
enough energy for your whole house for a
whole day I tell the kids about this
kind of stuff all the time so we're
watching you write it for one out that
lights your house for one day
kids are brainstorming different
inventions they can come up with you
know what you have an idea draw about it
like tell my friends about it so there's
like a little hey think like a like a
long long straw and then like a little
grabber thing so I could just hold on to
it and push the button and say I just
want to drink some milk and then they
got ready straight away it just comes
right to your mouth because of the long
straw you just push a button you want
string yeah and it just goes right into
your mouth
uh-huh the super leacy straw yeah cubby
have an invention idea make a table and
there's a will and there's buttons all
around it that can give you feel
straight away and they don't even have
to cook Isaac what's your invention idea
he's drawing it let's go check it out so
have you guys seen any cool inventions
lately all right Isaac what did you
create a cake baker and you can also
make fruit salad automatically it also
cuts it up whoa whoa so apparently it's
like super speedy it can cook it really
fast and then it shoots whipped cream
out if it's a cake yeah awesome all
right Caleb what's this idea this is a
really long slide back at that Oh
yeah uh you guys are scared there's a
little button and there's hands inside
the slide and you can just push it and
then take the hands come out from the
hole and then they hold on you and then
they bring me again so we came out with
some friends to chick-fil-a you're
skiing and it's our friend you might
recognize her she's our photographer yay
we love her they're eating their food
and poor Caleb he bumped his little lip
you okay dude he bumped it going down
the slide it was like bleeding
everywhere
he was pretty upset about it man they
cleaned up the blood oh he was climbing
up the slide always the tricky one so
anyway they clean up the blood from the
slide and now we're gonna enjoy our food
is it fun to run around Oh
cubby that was painful all right so
we're back home just getting ready for
our afternoon laura's down for a nap
we're getting a bunch of laundry like
today is definitely a laundry day so
we're cycling that through the washer
and dryer and I'm getting the kids
school ready and while getting the kids
school assignments ready they are
finishing up tying this blanket do you
guys remember who are making this
blanket for people with cancer we've
visited Ronald McDonald House two days
ago and that's where people who who have
so many
young I have seen that I got young he
and his capture heavily he has cancer in
his leg was it hard for him yeah
yes we're making this blanket for
patients that are cat cancer patients
okay actually that would be really nice
how does it feel to be making it for
somebody else I'm feeling glad that big
okay I'll get this nice work guys can
you guys fold it up and then we're going
to call our friend stage and give it to
her
so I'm having a really hard day today
and I don't really know how to express
it to you guys it's always kind of hard
because you don't see my whole day you
just see these little pieces and anyway
I'm just really struggling I'm
struggling with motherhood and with my
kids and I love being a mother so much
is so hard for me to see when they are
misbehaving or you know they get into
patterns of disobedience or whining and
complaining or being mean to each other
and I take it so personally and I need
to not like I need to remember that
they're just kids and they're learning
and it's gonna take time and they're
gonna make mistakes I mean I was a mean
rude kid and I grew up to be a hat you
know person and anyway I just I feel
like I'm really truly failing as a
mother I don't know what I'm doing wrong
so when I'm feeling down and I'm having
a hard day sometimes it's just hard to
climb back out of it like I just want to
raise that and start over or I'll just
go to bed now and wake up tomorrow and
try again then it's harder in the middle
of the day to say no I'm gonna make a
change I'm going to turn this day around
so that's I'm going to go try to do now
I'm going to go hug my children and tell
them I'm sorry that Mommy gets upset
until I love them and we'll probably
read some books because that is my happy
place and anyway I need to remember to
throw some dinner in the crock-pot oven
too late for the car Pot at this point I
got to throw some dinner together
somehow and then anyway thanks for
listening
alright well miss Laura woke up and we
are snuggling and the kids are showing
me their books that they read
and yeah my feels better already
well the kids are working on the laundry
there's my laundry crew today and Caleb
just learned how to fold long-sleeve
shirts can you show him how guys he's
folded a bunch of these let's see
there's his pile of his long-sleeve
shirts that he's folded Isaac and Lacey
set such a good example for him because
they're really good at folding we should
be sure to fan it out so this little
peanut is kind of yeah are you Laura
yeah go say hi she is a little bit warm
and she's been super cranky today so I
am wondering if it's teeth or if it's
her ears or if it's just a cold
she's definitely not herself which is
always that this little girl still is
not feeling good she has a fever and
she's been kind of just cleaning -
Kendra
all right everyone say goodbye to Laura
she's gonna go take it back
little bit long you see BYE MOM
say bye mom so actually doing school
this evening and Jeremy is helping with
Laura and so Lisi and I are all snuggled
up on kids
with our matching glasses yeah yeah
anyway were all snuggled up here doing
spelling so Caleb's working on a big
project tonight he is copying the words
from one of his favorite Christmas books
what book is it heavy
you stole Christmas the Grinch who stole
Christmas
and look guy is he is writing it and
then after I'll to close a patch oh you
want to illustrate it to awesome all
right we're getting Caleb ready for bed
we're not ready for bed and just take
you alone Mac oh yeah it's not bedtime
it's just a little milling that won't
last for 12 hours yeah I have an idea an
invention idea yeah
what's what's the idea a changing light
for a machine
ooh I think we could use one of those
how does it work so the baby has poopy
diapers in there and then it brings it
out and it changes that's right so the
machine does all the diaper changing for
the dad I got to get me one of those
it's a great idea okay all right well
we're gonna put this little inventor to
sleep Jay house out I'm grateful for
stuffed animals and family hi my name is
Emma and I'm grateful for everything
that I have n J house vlogs
my name is blood i from California and I
am grateful for going to church Jay Haas
out
are you holding in hold the baby
