are you holding a baby Laura wanted to
hold the baby - good morning friends
it's been a while since we've logged on
a Sunday so I thought it'd be fun to see
if we can make it to church on time yeah
we get to go to church today what you
working on working hard
Lord you want to go to church no
t-shirts at 9:00 a.m. so it's 7:50 right
now
Isaac and Elise are still asleep
I think thing goes in showering they're
getting ready so let's see how this goes
yep go get in the shower
Laura she would do your hair yeah okay
but we got about ten minutes for you to
get ready okay so the truth is I think
most of the time we're late to church
because I or Kendra are still getting
ready because we spent the morning
getting the kids ready well it's always
easier to do the two minute version of a
shower when there's no more coffee
yeah it's in the car I'm getting some
Cheerios right now in a bag
I'll get that okay you guys ready to go
yeah so on our way to church every
Sunday we sing a song to try to help us
get ready for being at church
you guys ready the chapel doors seem to
say to me be still boy this is another
place to be
we gather here on the Sabbath day to
learn of Jesus to see and pray
so when we come to the chapel does all
right well we may not be exactly on time
but we're better than we were last time
and progress is success all right so we
have spent the afternoon just having
some quiet time we've had Christmas
music playing and we've been just kind
of picking up around the house we have
some friends coming over for dinner
tonight so that's always nice motivation
to pick up but I'm also wanting to
decorate for Christmas and it's really
hard to decorate for Christmas if your
house is all cluttered so for the first
time in a long time you can actually see
my bookcase it's not covered in clutter
look at that yeah how that still looks
really messy to a lot of you but for us
it's a step in the right direction we
also don't have stuff all up here the
mantle tends to be a dumping zone at our
house where we just like put stuff
because Caleb and Laura both can't reach
it so it's a safe spot we're getting
ready getting the Christmas tree stuff
ready but is it heavy
they're water there's water in there why
is there water what do you think
because needs to go oh look what would I
do this
there's sort of chunky cobblers it's
pretty hard okay I think we got it we're
in we're gonna stick the trunk right
there and then we're gonna tighten it up
you're so strong nothing's heavy to the
left
a little bit more to the left there you
go
did we get the tree straight what do you
think Caleb when you guys are older dad
and I are just gonna sit on the couch
and y'all are gonna do this deal yeah
then you're going to change our diapers
next year smell on the branches guys
that's the best part kind of prickly
yeah Laura what is this there for a lot
of needles yeah
it's a Christmas puzzle or hello faces
and some more books dinner is in the
oven we are making baked ziti and then
there are frozen veggies up here on top
and I'm cooking up and then I'm going to
make some rice krispie treats I'm gonna
make them spice flavored though which is
so delicious and when I was getting out
the Christmas stuff I saw this so I'm
going to serve it on the Christmas tree
flatter which makes me feel like a
little hostess so all you do to make
spiced rice krispies treats is you melt
the butter and then you add the
marshmallows and then when those are
melted together you add 3/4 of a cup of
a dry cake mix and you can use any
flavor I've done it with carrot cake and
it was yummy but this time of year I
thought a spice cake mix would be really
good so this is spice cake mix and you
just stir it up and then you add the
rice krispies cereal and yeah we really
like it it's fun I want to try it with
like strawberry and lemon and red velvet
like it'd be really fun to branch out to
some different flavors whoo sorry Steven
up the camera party so our friends are
over for dinner and they just had a
newborn and Kendra is in heaven
he's sleeping - that's like the best
yeah there's the baby
oh you're for my Lynette you isn't he so
cute yeah give little booties baby
booties are the best are you holding a
tea are you holding in hold the baby
well it was so fun to have our friends
over and hang out with them and the kids
and Kendra loved holding their little
newborn baby did you have a baby yeah
girl
goodnight DSL hi guys I'm Mariana hi
guys I'm Holly and we're from Norwalk
Connecticut I'm getting for you guys
family hatred in YouTube and I'm
grateful for my family
electronics YouTube J house vlogs and
everything did a half thou this is gonna
be good
