really
that's gross
okay so all this morning the kids have
been playing like their spies and they
have been coming up with all these
different hideouts we found 44 County in
the backyard and in here I'm trying to
think of 45 days my goal to get to 45
can you show me some of the hideouts one
two five ten eleven twelve
from here all the way here I think
that's my favorite of the hiding spots
it's a very very hidden 18 19 20 35 44
46 47 48 you guys are crazy
Oh 48 that's a good one so Isaac four
other people who want to be spies what
advice would you give them closets are
good play cubby what advice would you
give to people who want to be spies
geodes he's a large it's always good to
have your shields and your swords Elyse
what advice would you give to people who
want to be spies
I would like when you run you have to
like run quietly but fastly can you show
us how you doing yep
mmm so you just kind of prance so
they've been playing this game for at
least two hours it's been really funny
to see all their different hiding spots
I am headed in to work on some Christmas
shopping today I'm doing most of my
Christmas shopping online it's just a
lot more convenient that way so Amazon
is my friend right now but there's some
stuff like little things that I really
just want to get at stores here so I'm
headed into Walmart and Target today
hopefully the crowds aren't too bad
anymore and the sales are still okay
that's my hope at least all right well
I've only been in Walmart for about 30
minutes and I'm already a little bit
overwhelmed like Christmas shopping is
just a big thing so anyway my question
to you guys is have you already started
your Christmas shopping are you done my
goal is to be done by December 1st and
I'm getting there so anyway um also do
you guys prefer shopping in stores or
online for me that's an easy one online
is much Sunday so it's been so cute
lately when we're getting ready to go
somewhere Laura grabs her camera to get
ready to go laura is at your camera yeah
what does it do
Pizza does it take pictures
thank you and another picture
Raquelle let's take a picture you got
the icicles on this grass so some years
we have amazing weather for Thanksgiving
and it's gorgeous and we're out playing
football and some years we get freezing
rain and thirty degrees temperatures and
this is just one of those years so it is
cold out and it's like drizzling and
it's icy and anyway I think we're gonna
mostly stay inside right I'm gonna try
to install an over the head microwave I
haven't done this before but it's gonna
save us like a hundred bucks for me to
just try and I have some helpers okay
Caleb cut open the box get your goggles
on so I'm watching a youtube video on
how to bring super microwaves
we're gonna have to go now because we
have to get to the Ronald McDonald House
when they made this they've discontinued
it I'm guessing because it stops working
after three years of use so we had to
get a different one but it looks like it
mounts a little bit differently so it's
gonna be a little bit more complicated
attempt one to install failed but we're
gonna have to like drill holes into the
cabinet and get it in all right so we
are headed to the Ronald McDonald House
next to Children's Mercy Hospital in can
and if you're not familiar Ronald
McDonald Houses are next to hospitals
all around America maybe it's around the
world I don't know and they host
families whose loved ones are in the
hospital and they provide a place for
them to stay that's free of charge and
then they also provide meals so families
organizations groups can go down you
sign up for a date to go and to make the
meal and so we're bringing the things we
need the menu and we are going to be
making this meal for these families and
anyway I just teared up as I was telling
the kids about you know these families
and what they're going through and how
their children didn't get to be home for
Thanksgiving and their children might
not get to be home for Christmas and
just you know remembering what we have
to be grateful for let's go what's the
matter
yeah
what happened to your eyes oh he's
cutting onions he's using a little
butter knife and he's helping chop
onions but he's crying oh this is gonna
be good
number one big z30 blow kisses again oh
can you wave say hi so just talking with
one of their families here and they've
been here since November 13th doing
chemotherapy they just barely found out
about the cancer and their boy and they
give more than three hours away from
here and so they've been living here and
eating at the Ronald McDonald House and
it was just fun their boy was actually
here so we got to give him high fives
and talk to him and it's just
unbelievable to stop and think about
what that would be like and how much
that would disrupt your life to have one
of your kids have cancer and have to
deal with that alright we made the
dinner good job you guys it's done on
time Dean thanks for helping today
you did a great job helping today
really
that's gross all the food works out for
Ronald McDonald House I was really
excited to see that all come together it
was delicious and it was all done on
time and we had a really good time with
our friends there was a little bit of a
smaller turnout like less people from
the wrong McDonald House came today I
don't know if it was the weekend like it
being a holiday weekend or what but in
some ways it was actually kind of nice
because we got to actually talk to the
families that were there and especially
Jeremy he's so good in those moments
that reaching out and just expressing
love and interest and listening to
people and I really admired that about
him anyway I wanted to give you guys a
heads up up until now we really haven't
worked with very many companies to
sponsor our videos but during this
holiday season a bunch of different
companies have reached out to us and
offered to sponsor us and Jeremy and I
have reviewed those and we selected
three companies that we're really
excited to be working with this holiday
season you'll see them appearing in our
vlogs this week and next week anyway
they're just going to be regular vlogs
they're not special videos so it's just
gonna be a small moment here and there
but because we haven't worked with a lot
of companies in the past we didn't want
you guys as our viewers to be like whoa
where did this come from all of a sudden
there's all these sponsored videos
there's just going to be three of them
and it's just this weekend next week and
then that's all we have and for now but
I just want to tell you guys thank you
for your love and support and for all of
the kind comments and all the feedback I
know what this being a holiday weekend I
haven't been able to reply to all the
comments but I want to know that I'm
reading them and I really appreciate the
time that you're taking to share your
experiences with us and these
sponsorships are really big blessing to
us this holiday season for our family
and so I just wanted to tell you thank
you and we appreciate your patience and
your support and anyway you guys are
having a good weekend a house out hi I'm
Holly and I promote Lahoma and I'm
grateful for
