guys it smells amazing out here oh I
love the Christmas smell
good morning Calum morning what are you
up to your head sorry sorry
so do you eat food upside down it drops
out of your mouth and out so just try
that so you're doing a headstand and you
want to eat while you're doing it
yeah and see what happens if it stays in
all my mouth or drops that sounds like
an interesting experiment
yeah alright buddy there you go let's
see what happens
Laura don't try to beat him you try to
feed him some more does it work
could you swallow let's see what happens
this time of one part four fell buddy
Laura's intrigued uh-uh
I know what Laura's thinkin hey orange
form is Laura it simple out it didn't
fall out were you able to swallow yep
Wow
you want to try it Lisi alright well we
are just hanging out eating upside-down
this morning to eat all our food upside
down thus we should have dinner upside
down tonight we're done you have to keep
on training or it goes up your nose oh
good to know
so nice to have Jeremy oh these are
great
yeah it's like a bonus Saturday bonus
weekend day
daddy
bunny yeah crunch you stole Christmas so
kendra has all of the Christmas books
lined up right here here we're sneaking
in a little bit of school this afternoon
and the boys are doing their schoolwork
by the fire
Caleb's working on the letter E and
Isaac's doing some reading
Caleb wanted to help me with the
potatoes I honestly didn't think he was
going to be able to cut it at all with
that knife dude you cut it yeah you did
it hey Caleb was really sad when we were
done cutting the potatoes he wanted to
do more work with me so we found
something on to do all right I think
that one's clean let's stick it in here
all right so we are headed out this
afternoon to get a Christmas tree we
like to get live Christmas trees and
every year we go up to the Christmas
tree farm and we chop down our own
Christmas tree and it's just like one of
my favorite memories but today the
weather is terrible here it's like 30
degrees out and there's like freezing
rain so the roads aren't awesome for
driving far and it would be really
miserable to be out there with all the
kids but if you want to see us doing
that you can check out our video from
last year and we're going to go pick out
a Christmas tree we are headed to Lowe's
mom can you help me up she says sure
I'll hold you she's trying to help him
in I'm helping
I have be your helper do you guys like
real Christmas trees or artificial
Christmas trees I think there's a lot of
perks having an artificial tree I mean
the pre lit feature is amazing but then
you do have to store it but you don't
have to buy it every year I love the
smell of real trees and the nostalgia of
choosing a different tree every year so
anyway let us know in the comments below
which one you prefer how do they grow
fake trees yes I know they don't grow
them but how do they make them it's a
good question so since we move the kids
rooms around I am a day dreaming about
decorating I'm not gonna be able to have
time to decorate until the new year but
I would love to paint the girl's room
and paint the boy's room and just like
get them really set up as bedrooms so
Liese what kind of paint do you think we
should do purple this one
so these are the ones that Isaac wants
for his room mostly this one mostly the
blue and Lacey which color this one you
want dark purple on your walls maybe I
could just go with pink light pink
oh maybe dark red lots of good ideas
let's go look at the Pink's so I don't
know if we had mentioned it but when our
microwave broke it was like a week ago
we did a bunch of research try to figure
out how much it cost to repair it and
between parts and work it was going to
cost almost as much as a brand new
microwave like literally there was like
a $20 difference so and there was a
chance that he could do all that and it
still wouldn't work so that's why we
decided buy a new microwave
it's a dual door oven so you can open it
and have a whole oven or you can squeeze
this lever and open just here and only
cook with that oven that's crazy
isn't that awesome I've always got
having one of those skinny events in
people just because so often I don't
need to heat my old woman I just need
like a small amount of space so we're
trying to make sure that the microwave
that we get is going to fit the exact
dimensions of the cabinet space that's
above our oven so Jeremy's checking out
specs on his phone
coolest ride ever
Lisa's holding Laura so they're safe on
there and I'm like right here
all right we're gonna go get a Christmas
tree
the trees are all frozen which we're
gonna have to like be thought before we
put it inside it's true guys it smells
amazing out here oh I love the Christmas
smell hmm
Wrigley is Brickley so cool I think we
found it
then we're cold
what do you think guys we find it this
one is perfect but it's cold it's
covered in ice
Caleb light reached up and broke a
branch off like wait a minute don't you
have money there it is
hoping it's gonna look good once it
thaws
all right is it secure yeah it's good
hopefully it stays up there so a big
part of Thanksgiving is leftovers I love
leftovers it's been hard the last couple
years because we only take half of the
Thanksgiving dinner and so we haven't
had a lot of leftovers and so I feel
like I outsmarted the system this year I
bought a rotisserie chicken and made
some mashed potatoes of our own so we
could have some covers my family growing
up we would do like turkey sandwiches
with a lot of mustard really it sounds
really weird but my dad was like a lover
of mustard and they were good they would
be like cold turkey mustard in my family
growing up my mom made a casserole where
she would put like stuffing and then
like layer it so to be stuffing and then
Turkey and then some gravy and then
mashed potatoes on top and she baked it
like that and really good so what do you
guys do with your leftovers let us know
in the comments below and that's gonna
be for today we are so grateful you
watch so I hope to see you tomorrow yeah
ah snap everybody's mouth is full Jay
house out in Salina and we're thankful
for each other
everybody's going to say that three
things that they're most thankful for
okay one two three
this is the grateful raspberry dessert
