I am grateful that we took our cups and
spoons and forks your plates
I am grateful not 52 pilgrims survived
the first winter I'm grateful for a
lager glasses so we're watching the
Thanksgiving Day Parade this morning I
love it it's one of my favorite
traditions on the commercials we've been
like running around folding laundry
cleaning up stuff and like finishing
baking some stuff but it's nice to be
able to sit down and just watch it one
of my dreams someday is to attend the
Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New
York right we were preparing one of our
last dishes for Thanksgiving dinner
today we're making a sweet potatoes and
apples recipe that I've had for years
growing up in my family it's really good
it's layers of yams and apples and the
m's and apples of like this awesome
topping over it so Lee C's help in she's
layering the apples on do you want
another layer on top of this if we can't
no that's just fine
so here's the layers and I'm gonna go
make the topping obviously it's raining
right now but the weather is showing
that it's going to be snowing soon and
tomorrow there's probably going to be
snow so we're just going to get the
Christmas lights up right now we don't
do a ton on the house but a little bit
we're going to do I want to get done now
so while I was filming this I moved our
pumpkins and it's rolling down the
street
that's awesome so be careful where you
put your pumpkins while you're putting
up your Christmas lights they might end
up rolling down the street in the rain I
guess so
so the neighbors are out having a good
laugh about me running after a pumpkin
Thanksgiving
okay Jeremy's almost done with the
lights poor guy it's raining on him but
I'm packing up our stuff we're getting
ready to go over and Santa is coming on
the Thanksgiving Day Parade yeah the
magic of Christmas begins I'm so excited
I'm one of those diehards that says
Christmas doesn't start until after
Thanksgiving and so yeah it's gonna be
Christmas time
all right we're at Michelle's for
Thanksgiving dinner thank you guys for
coming to Thanksgiving dinner or some
weapon I've everybody here here's what's
going to happen I'm going to say 1 2 3
and everybody's going to say that three
things that they're most thankful for
ok one two three this is the grateful
raspberry dessert
so it has pretzel on the bottom a
pretzel crust yep apple crisp yams and
tenders cheese ball looks good doesn't
rain to grab and everything okay so
Michelle made this awesome butter it's a
pumpkin spice butter to go on the rolls
oh we was at the pretzel Jill own the
green foam raspberry dessert yummy I'm
so excited so this is actual Femi
cranberry sauce which I've never had
before and forgot to get a lot of oh my
goodness yeah I don't even know where to
start
and we just informed that nobody knows
where caleb is that's how'd that happen
I'm gonna go look like last time that
happened here he was up painting himself
with the nail polish that was a few
times ago he has all sorts of adventures
Caleb huh he answered that's always a
good call Caleb where are you right here
oh you're with Lukey what are you guys
doing we're gaming for our superhero
thing
ooh what's that oh it's your charger ooh
what are you gonna do for your superhero
thing
oh we're I'm like a venture goin
ventures wait Caleb are you done eating
yeah all right high five I see you later
for some time
well I think I did the proportions right
like iron I finished it and I feel full
and happy we're not not overloading for
dessert we have an apple we have pumpkin
cake and then we have this thermos Oreo
ice cream this one homemade yeah did you
make what's not the Christmas are you
hanging out with that Michelle so just
try to get it
there we go two umbrellas no we're gonna
cuddle on our romantical walk so Kendra
wanted to go into Thanksgiving walk
the weather's perfect for walk I always
go to walk after Thanksgiving dinner it
just feels good and it's kind of being a
really good sport
it's really windy though I don't unless
the umbrellas doing for the lower half
of my body it is fun no memory yuck
welcome to our Thanksgiving play we
worked really hard on this we had me
prepared costumes and a lot of things
you've been working on this for the past
few hours and I hope you like it thank
you for tamales Thanksgiving can you
tell some studios is Thanksgiving you
please tell the story Thanksgiving all
right but you have to go to bed after a
long time ago long ago the pilgrim
stepped forth on a journey to America on
the journey their boat called the
Mayflower
he taught them to plant corn make
wigwams everything they did not know
about surviving you want to go to the
beach
yes I'd love to I'm begging for my
cousin's
that we can have a special yeah that was
the story of
Michelle's house it's only like five
o'clock in the evening we had thought
about staying longer but the kids were
just singing worn out like it has been a
long day and they were kind of exhausted
anyway we get in the car and Caleb and
Elise and Laura all three of them fell
asleep and the first few minutes of
being in the car which is very very
abnormal like they're just exhausted
from a long week in the holidays and
everything so
so I was just singing a ridiculous song
that I made up to Laura and Isaac turned
it into a tongue twister how does it go
good tad fed Fred bread Ted said Fred
bread so we've been trying it like over
and over and over again it's actually
harder than you would think
I want you to stop right now and try it
well it's here at Ted fed Fred Fred -
Fred Fred Fred Fred Fred right Ted fed
Fred bread bread
petrichor bread give it a try unless
you're in a public place that's kind of
embarrassing gonna try at least we're
eating some more of the grateful
raspberry dessert Ted Fred bread bread
you want to try it go ahead Fred Fred
Ted Ted no Eddie Fred
write it up okay Laurie I just got our
bath but she
dear Sam on this Thanksgiving Day we're
thankful for many things but we want to
mention six of them hmm
jeremy camera isaac hemi-head realize i
am grateful for my sister
hi I'm Tara Lima and I'm from Atlanta
Georgia and I'm thinking for the Lord
and my family
you
