what's happening it's hard because
bending
they bending uh-huh all right do you
know why that's happening no it's
because of gravity gravity's pulling it
down
I hate gravity I'm sorry bad I'm sorry
gravity is a hard thing to work with so
you're trying to build this structure
yeah so when I go like this I'm trying
to pivot like that and I can pull it up
yeah it's a great idea it's a great idea
just what happens is look Lacey looks
down here there's nothing supporting
these sides so you have to build a
different design where you'll have
enough support or else it will fall over
you have an idea you have a solution to
that problem oh she did so laura has
been loving saying little prayers and
we've been helping her but after whoever
does say the prayer for a meal then she
says me pray and so she folds her arms
and she says her own little prayer but
she's finally starting to do it by
herself which is just so sweet did you
say a prayer hmm
did you say thank you for the food hmm
yeah what are you eating for lunch food
food
what's this kind of food called cheese
cheese macaroni and cheese
I'm getting ready to put miss Laura to
bed and I had to grab the camera because
I just love it
now I can you say good night to kids
caleb anyway every time bedtime or nap
time she says good night to everybody in
the house and it's so sweet I want to
remember this I don't have a finger for
this walk is it hard to put your fingers
in there he only has nine fingers
you lost a finger Oh
what do you Oh
want me to help ya no good you did it
yeah dude you're a smart little cookie
okay so we are headed to ring bells for
the Salvation Army red bucket program
which donates money all over the world
to all sorts of worldwide relief things
so anyway we're excited to go and do
that today it's always a really fun like
festive holiday ish thing to do we enjoy
it we did it last year I'll put that
video OH Jeremy will put that video in
the iCard up above and it's crazy we
watched that video recently and laura is
so much older she's like oh he's like a
year older than she was last year I'm
telling you our kids are growing up fast
somebody never part of this is seeing
everyone's faces like people driving by
and just walking by they just love to
see the kids that you're ringing the
bells whoa
is it getting full all right whoever
sees mom first wins
Stanford's it was really crowded
shopping here today and I think I
successfully got everything I checked
the list I just have this fear like deep
in my heart that I forgot something and
tomorrow I'm going to need it and I want
to love it but we load it up and the
kids got cookies so you know we're doing
well one tango - okay free potato for
flap - yeah okay no move you guys eaten
a snack so while the kids were playing
downstairs Elyse accidentally pulled
down the lid on the piano onto Loris
hands and Laura was crying and sad and
at least came up and told us about it
and she was really really upset and sad
and one of the things that Kendra talks
about with kids all the time is a saying
that we say over and over again to try
to help us when we're feeling like that
what is it we make mistakes and that's
okay
we both like have such perfectionistic
tendencies that that's something we
really want our kids to know is that
it's okay that we're all going to make
mistakes we're going to learn from them
it's okay yeah what matters is what we
do with the mistakes if we're honest and
we take accountability for them and we
do our best to recover from them and try
again next time like anyway that's what
we're trying to teach them and I think
that having a safe environment for the
kids to make mistakes is really
important so I think it's as much good
for us as parents it is for the kids to
hear that we make mistakes and that's
okay
all right keep it in the next ingredient
yeah so I have this dream in my heart of
all of us happily cooking together all
of the Thanksgiving things and I just I
want my kids to grow up being a part of
the process not just like sitting off to
the side while I make Thanksgiving but
it's so much harder to do it with the
kids right now so baby steps like I know
this is the last like five minutes but
this is like my dream is just all
cooking and working together I'll get
there this is my drink cook you like
cooking you're gonna get to cook in the
kitchen of me everything's good yep I'm
always gonna stay with you in bed with
you forever
yeah he's not moving out come push the
button Laura sure
all right so Jeremy I was just telling
me that he was looking at some
information about our channel on the
computer and he found out that the
majority of our viewers watch us on
tablets and I got all excited and I
grabbed the camera because don't tell
the kids but we're considering getting a
tablet for them for Christmas and anyway
I would love your recommendations we're
wanting something really economical like
it'll be for the whole family we've
never had one before we don't know him
as a family and I heard about the fire
is that what's called like the Amazon
fire because it's really inexpensive but
I'm kind of scared to get one and then
it's like super just like cheap and lame
or like what if the apps or I don't even
understand tablets so anyway if you
watch on tablets or you own a tablet and
you have any advice for us as we start
doing that purchase I really actually
really appreciate it um was there a
snowstorm no way all dressed up like
that because it's cold out
- solid 55 degrees out there I didn't
don't pee yeah how sad hi my name is
Sophia I'm 18 years old and I live in
Spain I'm grateful for my family day
house out hi my name is Karen from
Massachusetts and I'm thankful to be
able to be a vlogger I'm Lauren from
Kansas City Missouri and I'm grateful
for my family Jay house out I like
ah
