so yes I have a problem I may need an
intervention
yeah you guys slept green oh are you in
the same room with your sister or did
you sleep so well you guys ready to go
get some breakfast yeah
good morning I am planning my meals
right now for the week I try to remember
to do that on Sunday or Monday I don't
always do it but the weeks that I do it
always goes better so here's the way I
do it it's really simple and I keep a
list of what freezer meals are available
in my freezer and what month they were
made in and the reason I do that is so
that something doesn't get lost in the
back of the freezer and go back on me
like I just want to make sure that I'm
cycling through all the freezer meals
and then all I do is I take a little
post-it note and I write down the days
of the week and I write down what we're
having so this is what we're having this
week I'm so obviously in the middle of
it because I haven't decided yet what
we're having for Friday or Sunday this
weekend we are cooking dinner at the
ronald mcdonald house which will be
really fun i'm excited we did that last
year and christmas even it was a great
experience i haven't decided what we're
doing for ronald mcdonald house yet
we're feeding 50 people and so since i
haven't decided on that that kind of
affects the friday and sunday part so
i'm still it's a work in progress but
i'm getting there
what do you guys having for dinner
tonight let me know in the comments
below so my kids are getting so grown-up
and helpful like the kids have known how
to unload the dishwasher for a while and
they've known how to load the washing
machine but now they're old enough to
like move the laundry from the washer to
the dryer and start it and they're old
enough to actually like scrub the dishes
and put them into the dishwasher i'm
really trying to I think I really
appreciate your help thanks
so one of the major mistakes I made I
let the wipes container right next to
his crib the first night she slept in
there and we went in there and she had
every single wipe out of there so now
it's a little baggie yeah which is super
convenient well it's also like our
toilet pick right now
Caleb undid all the toilet paper in our
bathroom so it's all my wadded up into a
baggie that we're at you think that's
really paper out so we have kids they
take stuff out of containers it's not
supposed to reveal these embarrassing
things sorry we keep that stuff hidden
numberous so I wasn't planning on coming
home for lunch but think and ready to go
off and make this oh my gosh Stromboli
so good it is really good good lovin it
big girl
you've got Stromboli
oh man whoo it's yummy
so we're sitting here eating our lunch
calmly talking it was actually like a
peaceful moment and all of a sudden
Isaac's screams and jumps up from his
chair and I look at him I'm like what's
wrong would you say there was a cucumber
so we're having cucumbers as part of our
lunch today we honestly had so much fun
making that parody video like it just
was fun to pretend and like act as a
family it was it was fun this one's for
you to be scared of it okay hi oh when
you guys doing we are I can't fit in a
foot Lord's bed not oh you want to yeah
are you just laying fire while she
drinks her bottle real quick
you guys are so sweet are you guys glad
you're sisters what's your favorite
thing to do together as sisters um we
don't really know yeah we just have fun
me see where's Lisi I could tickle her
nice Oh almost almost
good job oh yeah
somebody's learning how to jump rope
you're gonna get at least oh you guys
pumped up the old football all right I
like it so we often get the question of
why Caleb almost always has a bruise on
his forehead
well this is why and this happens almost
every single day now I play some more
you all right dude your tough guy
what you doing you're fixing it what's
wrong with it this is what gets piggish
it's not very tight it's not very tight
needs to be tighter you Park in that yep
yeah just just gassing up it's 900 thank
you
since I've been home caleb has been
begging to work on a project with me
we're going to try to fix this remote
control car do not try this at home
caleb is a professional thank you help
me yeah of course but I don't know if
it's going to lift or not but let's see
it's off okay
oh no turn it back it's bedtime what's
just luck hey can you guys give me a J
hath out wait I have to tell you guys
something I wasn't planning on vlogging
this but I went to the library tonight
and two things happened so number one I
fell like I was right there in front of
the desk with like all these librarians
in front of me and there were a bunch of
people around and I my foot got stuck in
the loop of one of my library bags and I
fell and I fell over a pile of books and
I fell like flat on my left knee and
like I caught myself with my hands and I
it was not a graceful fall like I'm like
man like books spilled everywhere and
anyway so that was my embarrassing
moment for today but I also picked up my
library book holes and I was honestly a
little bit embarrassed about that too so
here's our library books that I just
picked up that were on hold for us at
the library those are all Christmas
books Kendra do you have something to
say this is like a sickness like you
need an intervention we need to get like
a support group library books Anonymous
or something like this is not helping
but the kids love it and they
- we'll read all of these and there's so
many good ones in here I'm I'm excited
for them I so at least I'm gonna find a
hoarder that has to return my hoard
every few weeks and it's free kind of
that's if you return them on time and
they're not ripped by a kid they're free
that's a good point
that's me like to donate to the way so
what I need to know from you guys in the
comments below is what's your favorite
Christmas book because if I don't have
it on hold I need to go put it on hold
I need more seriously it's a sickness so
yes I have a problem I may need an
intervention
I am a library book addict James oh good
night hi my name's Ayanna and I'm from
California and I am grateful for all the
youtubers out there
I see you do you like your new crib No
