good morning friends it's Saturday
morning Kendra is at a freezer group so
she's going to get 12 Mills that she's
going to bring back and the kids are
just playing and having fun what you
reading been frozen what's your favorite
part of frozen lakes the castle my part
awesome what you working on big girl I'm
cleaning up my new room your new room
are we moving rooms today okay that's
the big news for today you guys we are
moving things around nice and lawyer are
gonna be together and Isaac and Caleb
were you kind of sad about leaving your
other room yeah last night but mom told
me about the fundus so now I'm excited
what were you sad about initially
Oh Joey got the room that I've been to
staying on for two years or let three um
um I like the shape I liked it had all
my stuff that I like to keep there
should we move some of your stuff for
all of your stuff in this room that'll
be good it's okay to feel sad and I
stopped leaving my blankets but I'm
gonna breathe just my cozen
why don't we bring your blankets with
you all of them yes I told you just the
cozy 100 will let you have that oh I can
get right to do that right now and I
could have a new dresser have its closet
hmm all right well I'm home from another
month at cooking club and I got 12 meals
this time I got two of each meal that I
chose so we're kind of stocking up on
the meals that I knew that we'd like and
I knew made like party portions I got
this for 10 bucks apiece which was
it did take a lot longer though just
these are harder meals to assemble so I
was there for like three and a half
hours so anyway I made chicken pot pie
so here's the inside and then there's
the pie crust we made breakfast burritos
I made 18 of those all ready to go
here's chimichangas for baked
chimichangas that's one of our favorites
this is a chili and Santa Fe chicken
that's another one of our favorites and
red and white pasta it's outfit were you
faster did you get a dress on yeah so I
try to shop sales and keep our freezer
really well-stocked just because it is a
big pain if you run out of something
like butter and you have to load four
kids up to go to the grocery store to
get it so I try to keep lots of frozen
veggies and butter and what else is
there there's some frozen fruit and then
here's our freezer meals this is how
they're all stashed up in there and I
bought bread on sale like a week or two
ago so there's kind of a lot of bread in
here right now
and there's like a stash of when she
went on say oh and it's just nice to
know that if we get sick or if we run
out of time to go to the store like I've
got things on hand and that's really
helpful every bite I knew that tray all
right so we're trying to decide whether
or not the boy should do bunk beds or
not I was nervous about it because I
didn't want Laura to be able to climb up
and down so we decided just to not have
the ladder but that means that Isaac has
to be able to climb up and down here so
I'm still a little bit nervous well and
there's the Caleb factor but I love how
much space it opens up and they'll be
excited about it now so we're gonna go
see if Isaac
maybe you think I'm so excited and where
do I go you have to plant up that's what
we have to see if you can do it we'll be
here in case you fall and break
something maybe he can do it in Caleb
camp this might be perfect
no no what was that can you do it how do
you guys stick the bed together
it's a bunk bed how do I get up there go
ahead and give it a try I think you can
yeah so what do you guys think about
sleeping together yeah a few circles in
these rooms around yeah
both Kendra and I love to deep clean
things and so for some reason being in
this room with it just like empty and
vacuumed is really gratifying
we've moved so much since we've been
married that I feel like we get this
like clean feeling a lot fresh start so
it's kind of fun to do it without a moon
this is the longest we've been in one
place since we've been married what do
you think good good excited so one of
the freezer meals that Kendra got today
are the chimichangas I love these
because although they're not fried
they're baked crunchy and crispy which
is my favorite part of Mexican food is
the crunchy crispy base Denson crunchy
crispy nice not some rice you want try
it
you ain't ready
oh I see you do you like your new crib
no you wanna sleep in here with your
sister no I think these are times where
she says no meaning yes or you can jump
it Oh
there's a little bit - there's need a
new night light in your ear yeah what do
you - this one it's not you were think
of it share it let me show you guys what
it does okay
it's one of those projection I like my
nightlight by Christmas what are you
thinking about it
all right yeah thing are you jump in
here and I have a new light night big
boo
there's no rat so somebody commented in
one of our recent videos that Laura
looks like a female Daxton from the
Shaytards and i went over to see what
dexon looks like and I completely agree
it's like the same light colored hair in
the same little face anyway he's a cute
little boy well I think it's gonna be
easier to put our heads down tonight
than any other night this year well it's
gonna be easier to get them into their
rooms yeah well they sleep we don't know
yeah that's another thing
night buddy
all right tired Oh sleep tight
so do you think you'll be able to fall
asleep I'm really excited
hmm it might take me a little while
well good luck I love you buddy good
night oh thank you you're sleeping oh
and Lacey sleeping all right good night
bye
good night yay love you yeah good night
dear Sam I'm Ashley and I'm from
Australia and I'm grateful for freedom
and family do you think cats would be
scared of cucumbers
I'm giggle giggle giggle
fat fat person a fat cat hater videos
video enough
I'm sorry sing video no hi I love you
