let's go we're going on a field trip
today to the nelson-atkins Art Museum
these are mummies like real ones yeah I
believe so
Gigi oh mercy
do you a kid I wish I could be in the
battle you'd like to be in the battle
yeah so this is an amazing landscape of
the city of Jerusalem I love it
so the kids have been very interested in
this person his name is George kala that
person
so one of the things I love about how
Kendra does for field trips is she makes
it hands-on and she gets the kids
creating and being a part of whatever it
is they're experiencing
so grateful to have daddy with this
you like the soup oh okay so ah dang
yeah it's all gone Oh ready for nap time
hey good night
say I'm gonna go take a nap nope so the
kids are building the ice scrapers out
of modeling clay and straws and trying
to see if they can withstand an
earthquake which we're gonna shake the
table and see if they can hold up nice
as it's working on his base over there
so Caleb and I ended up working on his
together play Elise has done like three
different designs and I'm so impressed
she just keeps working on it and Laura
you have not eaten any clay good job
good job
ha mark
hop in Karl alright well another busy
day is ending with Papa Murphy's pizza
what are you feeling grateful for Oh
fans I said there's some fun yay I'm
grateful for my new bed I'm grateful for
my house and my bed I'm grateful for
Thanksgiving that's coming up excited
mm-hmm
my turn I am grateful for electricity
now that it's getting dark out early
like we need our lights and it's getting
cold like I'm so grateful for our heater
so I am grateful for exciting things to
look forward to so my brother got
engaged Jeff when we went on our family
trip you met him and his girlfriend at
the time and they've been engaged for a
couple months now and we're gonna be
going on a huge trip coming up in
December in January so that's exciting
to go out to their wedding oh yes we
have another big trip coming up those of
you that were following us last year we
went on a big trip last winter we were
gone for like six weeks this isn't gonna
be quite that long I think it's like a
three and a half week trip but we're
gonna be going home to Arizona driving
that direction we're gonna spend a
couple weeks in Arizona with our family
in the Sun and in the warm Venice it's
really gonna be a good time then we're
gonna head up to Utah to go to Jeremy's
brother Jeff's wedding which means we're
gonna get to see Utah friends and family
and then we'll drive home so yay for
driving but excited for the adventures
ahead
so the kids had excess energy at
kyndra's and they're trying to burden
some of that before we try to send them
to bed
hey we're like with that girl's family
blogs from the United States and we're
grateful for years good job baby
I'm gonna come here every day
