I'm gonna come here everybody today I'm
going to work with my dad you didn't
already so what happened to your hair
buddy it's looking a little different up
here
I can't even yeah what happened to your
hand
did my blow-dry your hair have a good
didn't work and you work really hard
okay miss you okay bye-bye
ta-dah what are we doing cub throwing
out her going up to the elevator
do you like elevators yeah they're so
okay so we're here in the office and
caleb is gonna reveal what he brought in
his bag all right what'd you bring to
work what are those for
just in case we got to run to court
yeah and what else do you if you're
gonna have an accident at work
never no stress ball perfect is that a
magazine yeah
you brought your phone too
gotta have a phone okay all right well
let's get into the office and do some
work then go up in shape say I think
you're gonna say hi to George
is that our tree yeah we've had George
for a long time huh yeah are you gonna
help me water him today
good he was thirsty cake have we got a
head home for lunch I'm gonna come here
every day
you want to come every day why did you
like it so much
because I really got my own phone in
here and I'm gonna do it every day all
right say bye to April what big kiss
it's on a special phone and you talk
from this woe to dictaphone this is the
second day second day in a row so the
kids just watch their hands on the door
was left open and I came around the
corner to look for her and of course she
was standing right here washing her
hands in what was luckily cleaned with
water look she like washed her whole
face in it she's like all wet what were
you doing good little shoulder shake
okay the toilet is not for playing and
okay let's clean you off okay we use
clean water in the sink okay
kinder has come up with a very
motivating system here for Isaac Isaac's
excited about it so he has to do some
writing and he doesn't exactly love
writing and so I gave him his assignment
is to write five sentences about one of
the books he read and then I've got five
points here and he gets a chocolate chip
for each one that he does correctly so
he gets a chocolate chip for good
handwriting a chocolate chip for good
attitude a chocolate chip for capital
letters have chocolate chip for periods
at the end of sentences and a chocolate
chip for good content so he has a
possible five chocolate chips that he
can get out of this assignment it better
be good the quaternary why is America
struggling with obesity that coming up
next in the blog so we've had like two
days of just cloudiness and constant
rain and like some decent-size
thunderstorms and the Sun came out like
just now like we're finishing up our
lunch and I looked outside I'm like what
is that there it is there's the Sun it's
just beautiful actually I'm like really
squinting but it's so nice after storms
and after days of rain Elyse in her
morning prayer today said you know and
we're grateful for the rain but we pray
we can see the Sun soon and so I'm just
happy it's still cold out so I'm gonna
go inside but yay Sun all right so today
has been laundry day I think we're on
our fourth load of laundry and Elyse has
been entertaining me by folding and
speaking Spanish Lisi kamio-san is that
well we're looking for a bed okay
so we do we have quite a bit we're
looking for
okay perfect for it look it will be this
guy is moving up to a big boy bed hey
Toby you climb up and see what you think
of a big big boy bed made it he loves it
nice plant that's all Laura was feeling
left out what do you guys think should
we take that one yeah we'll just put you
all on that one yeah for sure big enough
for all nevermind so it turns out that
my favorite mattress was the $8,000 one
I guess 7999 apparently it has the
thickest and most dense foam I kind of
have a big butt and so the but just like
sinks in perfectly into the mattress
that's really amazing well can we get it
ear bum sings that's pretty comfortable
usually I don't like ones that are like
too cushy this one's like a firm cushy
yeah it's a bed what do you think of the
bed should be get it good so many beds
so many different styles Jeremy and I
are different about what we prefer he
loves the cushy beds and I like things
are a little bit more firm so it's
always interesting coming here and
seeing you know which style we like but
my question for you guys say is how
about you guys do you like a nice firm
bed or a nice cushy one what's your
preference they also have all different
styles of pillows like I've always your
side like that cheap skinny pillow but
there's some good options out there so
do you have a preference on pools too
really cool it does feel cold so
apparently this is a gel pillow but it's
like cool can like cool to the touch
yeah you try
I left my entire purse at the Mattress
Firm I left my wallet my phone my keys
everything
so anyway grateful for honest people
when I called she's like yeah it's right
here and so those cushion mattresses put
you into a daze apparently I'm losing my
mind
all right guys for dinner tonight we've
got some parmesan toast toasting and I
am making lasagna soup which is one of
my absolute favorite soups we haven't
had it for a while so I was really
excited I did make a double batch so
halves in the freezer for another day
and anyway one of my favorite things
about this soup is that it has this
cheese tortellini noodles in it and
literally handfuls of fresh spinach so
it's a it's got carrots and mushrooms
and I don't even remember what else is
in here but lots of good stuff and then
you talk with cheese it does taste a
little bit like lasagna in a super form
there's the lasagna soup what do you
think Laura hm
soup is it good I love the healthy
portion cheese that's a very puffy still
rolling help me is there are abundant
party hearty portion of cheese here's
what it looks like all denna
Kubby are you hungry right before dinner
started he comes when he's like mom
please can I eat something I'm like
buddy it's almost like just give me a
handful of lettuce I'm like whoa
that child is serious all right who
wants to Jay house out it me up you Jay
house very nice hello my name is an
estate Richardson I'm from Birmingham
Alabama and I'm thankful for being a
healthy happy little girl and being on J
house vlogs Jay house out okay let's
bring good
