Oh morning friends I'm headed in to get
my haircut
the morning the kids are working on
their calendar notebooks this morning
and I am getting dinner in the crock-pot
so let's see tonight we are having
savory beef with stroganoff sauce and I
have never made homemade of this so I'm
really excited I don't know if our kids
have even had it so it comes in two
different pouches so I just dumped this
pouch in first and cook that on high for
a couple of hours and then right before
it's finished I dump this pouch in so
yeah easy as step one - if you didn't
see our other video these freezer meals
are from a company called crock-pot
cuisine and they have a promo code for
our viewers right now so if you want
more information about these meals you
want to try them on your own it's in the
description box below so check it out
and I am wearing one of my new shirts
that I got from the clothing exchange I
did last week it's so fun to feel like
there's new clothes in my closet so this
one says shine bright which I thought
was fun and it was finally something
that I had that would match a pair of
pants that I've had in my closet in a
bag since streamers so I didn't feel
like I had anything that really went
with them so I intended on returning
them but then I forgot and they got
stuck in my closet in the bag for like
the 90 days so then I couldn't return
him and then I still have an ornament I
assured I was like wait I'll totally go
with that and now I think I need like
little wedge black shoes like like ankle
boots cuz I think that would go really
cute with it anyway loving that and
Lacey's wearing her new leggings from
that clothing swap I'm sure are you
wearing your new shirt from it
nice that looks great and Laura is
wearing her new leggings Laura can you
stand up can you say Thanksgiving oh
yeah can you say what does a turkey say
oh say gobble gobble gobble that is a
turkey can you say gobble gobble gobble
I'm trying to head off to work and this
little guy thinks he's coming with me
you come into yeah I'll just take them
it'll be really effective see you later
all right so we are building log houses
this morning out of the Lincoln Logs and
talking about what the pilgrims did once
they arrived in America and that first
winter and how brutal it was and how
only 50% of them survived the first
winter and how you know they didn't have
food and shelter and so many those basic
things that we take for granted
sometimes
what are you doing miss Lora you think
you found a horsie and that's a Jaguar
they say they say rawr
there we go ha ha it's not a horsie it's
a Jaguar
here's Isaac's finished house it's even
got a tree on the roof and more than one
level it's pretty cool dude and here's
Miss Elise's finished house Cinderella
and Prince Charming Lynne there it's got
nice windows and she found trees and a
little fence for her backyard so were
you sitting here reading about the
pilgrims first winter and it's amazing
how much I'm learning from this families
in Plymouth all had to build just a
one-room house and leecy he said as I
was reading that just like this and it's
true just like the little house you're
building I had the kids run around and
count the rooms that are in our house
and by the time you count you know like
the closets and the bathrooms and the
garage and all the different spaces it
works out to be 12 rooms there's only
three bedrooms for our house but you
know there's bathrooms and closets and
you know a cold storage area and it's
just these families within one room it's
amazing what are we making pumpkin cake
yeah have you had it before here's the
recipe this is a cake that we made at my
house growing up I absolutely love it
I'm sure it goes by lots of different
names we call it pumpkin cake it is my
favorite fall dessert here's a
smattering of ingredients and a really
cute girl yeah and I never tried it I
don't remember
you don't remember drying it and I bet
you can
you guys you're totally learning to do
eggs we go it just not yet huh you know
that's like pokin pass so we're stirring
it and Caleb just looked in and he goes
oh it looks like pumpkin poo go get it
yuck so you put the pumpkin base in the
bottom and you just sprinkle this dry
yellow cake mix over the top and you
melt one stick of butter and pour it
over the top I think some people call
this a dump cake pumpkin crumb cake I
think there's lots of different names
for it dude we are really struggling
with obedience today I feel like I say
something and nobody responds and then I
say it again and nobody responds and
then the third time I'm like people what
did I say to you and they look up and
acknowledge me in any way I'm trying to
be consistent I'm trying to stay calm
I'm trying to expect obedience and teach
them to obey but oh man it is hard
sometimes oh we're going to start right
here so my friend did the first one so
that's when it's going to look like
we're going to cut a strip and then
we're gonna loop it through do you think
you can do that with me yeah this is
gonna take a long time yeah why do you
think it's gonna take a long time
because you have to do a bunch of fish
all right thanks d16 like that just like
that you did it I always wanted to learn
to do this this afternoon the kids night
are going to be tying this blanket and
then the blanket will be donated to our
Children's Hospital down in downtown
Kansas City and it's going to go
specifically to children that are cancer
patients there and anyway I have a
friend who organized this and she got
the fleece and I just volunteered to tie
one of them with my kids at my home so
we'll see how it goes with the kids I'm
really really grateful for this chance
to be able to serve together
um so Caleb what do you think of the
blanket oh is cozy would you like to get
it mm-hmm yeah Caleb do you know this is
gonna go to some sick children yeah
I just lost the camera for a full three
hours like anyway I was looking right
before we went to take the kids to
ballet and piano and I couldn't find it
and I was actually running late but I
was like okay I just have to go so then
I was gone and I came home and I've been
looking and looking I'm looking it's
been like an hour I'd randomly put it
down underneath that blanket that we
were working on I did take a picture
because while we were out I had to
parallel park and I have never
successfully parallel parked my van and
I did it today so I took fiction or say
can you say do you say what does a zebra
say so diseases ISM they don't nee like
a horse I don't know what they say they
don't say anything they just lick what
does a zebra say let us know in the
comments below say
dummy or say good
so here's Elise's spelling binder and
after she finishes spelling all the
words she has to pick one of them and
draw a picture of it and this is what
she chose to do today so apparently this
is the word stink and this is a picture
of a girl that fluff 'red she's
definitely Jeremy's child so Jamie just
got home and caleb is already begging
and asking dad check your calendar when
can I go to work with you right so when
are you available Ben
well don't you have library story time
on Tuesdays afternoons I'm not guy in
there he said he'll prioritize going to
work with you you want to come to work
Wow I'm not sorry to register how's
Wednesday looking for you
would that work for you wha make sure to
wear some nice work clothes all right
here's the beef stroganoff it's got
these amazing onions and mushrooms and
peas okay my finger looks really weird
like that it's really good yeah we
haven't ever had beef stroganoff before
what do you think guys what I like about
it is because the beef has been in the
crock pot all day it's like just
shredding and falling apart which is
really good with the mushrooms and it's
like super tender
that's really really what do you want to
say first ah and after the other day
Maurice
I can go to work with Daddy we were
excited we got it on the schedule
goodnight jsow hi my name is kami I'm 14
years old I live in France and I'm gonna
pull all the youtubers you made it
coming you made it back
