excited
so caleb is hard at work this morning
writing a book is that what you're doing
we all alien alien I see Caleb he is a
grower reader told you I write I well
that's so sweet - let me help you write
it so he is copying the words out of
this book that he just got he doesn't
read yet but he's starting to enjoy
copying words he just did this all on
his own are you done Oh daddy's not
sleep in daddy's mowing the lawn guy
yeah
all right happy lunching so Kendra and I
met at college when we were going to BYU
and I ended up going to law school there
as well and BYU is playing Mizzou today
here in Kansas City
so there's a big tailgate party going on
that we're taking the kids up to and
then Isaac and I are going to the game
did you win that all right so Jeremy and
I both went to BYU for college that's
where we met that's where we got married
if you seen any of our love story videos
that's where a lot of that happens so
it's a really special place to us out of
the corner of my eye I catch this girl
walking down the stairs and I've seen
her before
I've noticed that she is extremely
beautiful he asked me out and I was just
like stunned and taken aback by that
I just was like no and she
says no but she wanted to come fun to
see everybody all dressed up in their
BYU attire and we're running into so
many friends friends we haven't seen for
a while and I think in Jeremy are really
excited about the game so go Cougars so
we decided to come immediate check filet
and it's funny we're here in Kansas City
but there's like five or six families
here that are going to the BYU game BYU
fans here so I guess there's a lot of us
what do you really think about your
cooking really guys like what's the
score gonna be like 24 to 14 who's gonna
win be right julik dance yeah oh is that
it it's funny here what oh my gosh
you excited
only five minutes left in the game
we lost the game good night dear Sam hi
I'm Johanna and afternoon Isis and I'm
11 years old I'm grateful for our Caleb
closing at a leek and potato family and
I'm also good for for my own family Jay
house out by and they have like loft in
their rooms or reports it's really cool
but I love the view to downstairs
