so excited to be here like I just wanna
like peek in everywhere and see her
beautiful house it's just amazing that
they did this like seriously like people
still know how to build houses
you're watching the camera and I'm not
going to do my thing I'm just gonna walk
in the cameras it's not in fast motion
or you guys not only fast but they'll be
cool in slow motion
Michael so Little Miss Laura can't get
over my glasses this morning or what's a
mamma's eyes eyes do you see my glasses
- yeah yeah glasses she's just been kind
of staring at me all morning like what
is on your face man beginner
so I was upstairs getting ready and I
heard piano playing and I think he was
running up and he says mom that was
Elise not me and so apparently he's
teaching and Leasing came into play in
room my neighbor that just had a baby we
have her boy over here playing with us
today which is awesome the kids are
having fun with him so he's getting to
join in the adventure hello sir welcome
to the Mayflower hello
pilgrim welcome to the Mayflower hello
pilgrim climb all aboard
Kessler's navigating the boat for us and
Lacey's making us some food and you're
looking for land okay okay all right so
here's our Mayflower Compact that we
wrote of the rules the kids came up with
before we left our Mayflower and now we
are all signing it signing it means that
you agree to it Caleb do you agree to
those rules yes
so 41 people signed the original
Mayflower Compact all right miss Laura's
gonna sign it too yeah know how to edit
it but she wants to I wonder what could
you ah good job messing it again yeah
yeah ready
tween so let's be honest Laura is at a
really exhausting stage for me with
homeschooling um it feels like that no
matter what I'm trying to plan no matter
how I'm trying to incorporate her like
she's just little and she's just loud
and it's hard like I feel like I'm
cramming all of our school into quiet
time nap time when she's asleep and I
feel like I try to include her when
she's awake but she tends to just like
climb on the table and destroy things
and you know she can't sit and really
into books the way my big kids can yet
and I know it's just a stage but I just
have to be patient so this activity that
we just did with the Mayflower Compact
it worked like there were great moments
in it but then there's also this piece
of me that I'm like how much do they
really get from that anyway we'll just
we'll just keep going it's just like
with little kids and homeschooling and
it's really beautiful and it's really
messy so we're hoping to mow our lawn
tomorrow and we got to get all this
debris cleared away before we do that so
anyway let's see if we can put the kids
to work you guys try to drag it drag it
over there to the stick pile you all
right there buddy what do you guys make
it a racetrack doing run well I'm just
getting home I had a long day several
hours in meetings with the Chamber of
Commerce I'm on the board of directors
here in our community it's been two
years I've been doing that and it's fun
to see the inner workings of how
community really functions and the
development that's going on in the area
and the kind of events coming up and to
have a voice in to participate in that
I've really loved that experience it's
been really great huh hey how are you
dad did you have a great day
what are you guys doing we set it up at
exercising station is this one of the
exercise stations you're pulling
yourself up while you're swinging
everyone good
so Jeremy and I are actually headed out
on a fun date tonight we are going with
some other couples out to dinner at one
of our friends houses and it's a
friend's house we've never been to their
home before because they just moved and
they moved into a home they built
themselves like literally like hammer
and nail like they did it themselves and
it's beautiful and I've seen pictures
but I've never been there before and I'm
so excited to take you guys with us
except I'm so bummed because we keep
going to these fun places when it's dark
out and you can't even really see it so
anyway who's here to babysit friends
we've got a bonus cousin babysitter how
it's fun when you leave and like the
kids are more excited that you're
leaving them if you were to stay so
Alison is teaching us the choreography
of some of the dances that they did in
her play the other night so we're
learning that working on jazz squares
right just square so I remember being
out here when the house wasn't here we
came out when we came to like with them
no we didn't camp there was like a big
bonfire thing anyway like we've seen
them like buy the property and go on
this journey and it's been so fun like I
kind of feel like a little bit of a
snoop because she's been posting all
these pictures on like you know Facebook
or Instagram of the process and I'm like
so excited to be here like I just wanna
like peek in everywhere and see her
beautiful house it's just amazing that
they did this like seriously like people
still know how to build houses no
offense but I would not want to live on
the house that we built okay well we're
being really creepy we're like coming
out and what did you call the design of
this it's like rustic modern it's so
cool so they have this like industrial
look but then it's cabin like anyway but
so these guys are youtubers they have
YouTube channels and we're like sitting
around looking at videos and talking
YouTube it's a dream come true like this
is amazing Jamie the happy man yeah like
and we had really good food too so but
we're going to do a little tour
second I love all this light in her
kitchen okay so she has a baking drawer
I think it's genius that she has more
drawers then um anyway what those things
called cupboards more drawers and
cupboards that's smart so my friend
Mandy whose house were at she is a
blogger she blogs over at sugar bean
crafts and this is for a craft room and
I'm not even a crafter and I want to
come in here and just play with all this
stuff she makes awesome super kid
friendly project so you can go over and
she makes lots of mom projects too well
that's amazing right see you're so
organized yeah that's amazing if all the
kids rooms are upstairs and there's like
this bridge across the middle so boys
rooms on one side girls rooms on the
other side and they have like loft in
their rooms or forts it's really cool
but I love the view to downstairs
tonight - Sam hi my name is Kayla from
Lakeville Illinois and I'm grateful for
my family my friends and to have a roof
over Lana hi I'm Olivia and I am from
Oklahoma and I am grateful for a house
bugs your house out
