one of the guys we were just having fun
dancing this morning you're trying to
introduce the kids to Michael Jackson
dance moves good thing for YouTube good
morning friends I am exhausted today I
don't know about you guys but I feel
like I start off on Monday with a decent
amount of energy and by Thursday I'm
just exhausted and trying to like make
it through just survive so Friday but
anyway a company called crock-pot
cuisine reached out to us and offered to
sponsor a video they wanted to send us a
new crock-pot and some freezer meals and
you know how I love for either meals
like I have a policy you don't say no to
freezer meals so I said yes and so we
went onto their website and you can like
look at their meals and we selected
which ones we wanted to come and then
they shipped it to us and there's
awesome looking like spaceship container
check that out and anyway it had dry ice
in it to keep everything cool so I just
came home and it was just sitting
outside on my porch and the meals are
all in there they look so good
so when working with crock-pot cuisine
we asked if they would be willing to
give a promo code to any of our viewers
that are interested in trying their
product and they said yes so if you are
wanting to do that at checkout there's a
promo code in the description box below
that you can enter and it's for buy two
get one meal free so enjoy anyway so
let's see we've got roasted chicken and
dumplings and let's see what else we got
wrong layered beef lasagna sage garlic
chicken and white bean and a savory beef
stroganoff I can not show did you color
a picture miss Lora we don't color on
walls where do we color
no not on the wall on paper we're some
paper we color on paper
say sorry house okay
ended up in JPEG like that's gonna even
work she probably just enjoys it anyway
then we're gonna have to repaint this
spot till eight glasses finally come in
the mail oh we're waiting for alright so
I decided to order two different kinds
of glasses cuz I bought them online
super cheap and I was kind of nervous
about how I'd like I'm gonna so see how
do I
they're cute cases are you guys thanks
so gorgeous so I haven't seen these on
me so I'm a little bit nervous I like it
you like it I love it
do you like that one I don't know I
haven't even seen it on I like the look
of it yeah it's really lightweight do
like a like feels yeah it feels really
lightweight my tail as yours for that
way - it feels weird to look through the
lens though like I definitely gonna have
to adjust to that probably not a good
idea on a day when I have a headache
okay should we open the next one
yeah I don't know what I think if I
haven't seen it in the mirror just to
know there's hmm which I wanted and
they're skinny just you know because I
love skinny
there's Laura what do you have action do
you want glasses - yeah you look so nice
so did you guys expand the Ford out here
yeah but this is a secret fort and over
there the fourth so it's basically to do
should we not tell the viewers about the
secret fort you can be a day there most
of them won't ever
most of most of you aren't going to find
out anyway okay show us the new secret
what happened a wolf Zehra coyote back
here we have had coyotes back here
before and all kinds of other animals
you exploring did you find the coyote
okay we need to kill coyotes they're
home for them for food so that we don't
go starving yeah you need some food or
we could just go eat dinner it's in the
crock-pot right now oh we need to look
for more fit we can kill coyotes bunnies
rabbits
what about chickens can we should kill
some chickens yeah we're gonna go eat a
chicken right now so we made the sage
garlic chicken with white beans well
this looks really good I'm amazed how
many vegetables they have in there like
the tomatoes and onions I'm excited
because it's a different recipe than
I've ever had before like it's not just
the same rehashing of other stuff um
she's eating oh really yeah what do you
think of the soup miss Lora
so many of us get so tonight we're
having a moustache bash so everyone was
to wear moustaches
you
hello
Upendra just said it's hard to do with
the moustache it's hard I feel like I'm
gonna get like chocolate frosting in my
face were cousins we're still in
somebody's cookie
that's that's Ali's cookie is that your
cookie
all right well that's all for us tonight
Jay how's that we'll see you guys
tomorrow
I'm from Pennsylvania nightmare before
my talent I am thankful for getting to
be on J house vlogs and forgetting to
use things of vitamin D as raspberries
drew house
