you woke up in a good mood so what are
you dressed up like Rakim Caleb you look
very official okay you guys go get ready
we're going to do something fun today we
are headed to the Liberty Memorial which
is a world war one Memorial Museum and
we're excited to take the kids and teach
them about this special day Veterans Day
so we've been talking about it on the
drive down and learning a lot together
as a family two kids are asking it's a
really good question
we're in the elevator going to the top
of the memorial we will let you all walk
ahead of us oh boy yeah pretty sure
we're gonna be slim kids are loving the
view and we are hanging on tight to
these right okay let's begin I got to
get the next one you can see our van so
cubby what you think of being up so high
does it scare you a little bit what did
you think yeah so this memorial was
built back in 1921 so it was before
World War two and it was built
originally with an elevator in it which
the original elevator for we were still
standing on when we went up and down in
here it's really cool so yes they can be
you were just like that so it's just a
very very light metal it wasn't designed
to stop bullets to design stop debris
from falling on your head
trench warfare so they would build a big
trench so that they would be protected
and then they stand up over the end edge
and fire their guns so they kind of
Melton is like this safes
so both armies would have their trenches
and then they would shoot entire in the
middle I think it's so easy in our
comfortable lives to forget about how
many people have died over the last
hundred years and fighting and wars it's
important for us to look back and
remember and not think that freedom is
something we're just entitled to without
any price and to be grateful for those
who you know died for us
we do a lot of walking today buddy
canotary my favorite part of the whole
day by far was seeing the kids
interacting with the veterans and we've
been trying to teach them that when you
meet someone who served for our country
you tell them thank you and so when the
kids saw the veterans they would go up
to them and say thank you and maybe
there was one particular man that was
opening the door for our stroller and I
asked him if he was a veteran and he was
telling me about when he served and
Isaac came up and said thank you and
then elese came up and said thank you
and Caleb said thank you for fighting
for us thank you for protecting me and I
like literally teared up like anyway I'm
very grateful that our country has
people that are willing to serve our
country in that way and anyway this time
of year we also always think of our
grandparents jeremy and i's grandfathers
all served our country and anyway so
it's fun to show the kids pictures of
them and talk about those experiences
that are also part of our family
heritage
did you like the field trip that we went
on and what did you like about it and
like um I just loved seeing like
learning and seeing soldiers yeah what
did you think of going way up high in
the monument it was so fun and scary
yeah well it is super windy here today
and the clouds are not looking promising
we just had some more branches from our
trees blow down into the yard and anyway
I actually looked up and on the news
we're in a tornado watch for most of the
day today which just means that we just
have to kind of be on alert listening
for the sirens checking our phones
making sure that you know we know if it
turns into a tornado warning I have not
told the kids about the tornado watch
because they just get so nervous about
it and so if it becomes a tornado
warning then we'll deal with it and
until then we're just kind of keeping
watch and get some school dance the last
night my girlfriends and I got together
and we did a clothing exchange I brought
like two huge garbage bags of stuff that
I cleaned out of my closet that just
wasn't fitting I wasn't liking anymore
and I took that and then I was able to
go through all my girlfriends clothes
and
stuff that I wanted and so here's our
spoils elese got a hat and these super
fun boots and look at this I am just
feeling so incredibly grateful so Elise
is starting a new dance class today it
has not just ballet and tap anymore but
it also has jazz and she ballet and cat
is all ready to go hmm excited yeah
mostly with my hat and boots yeah it's
still a couple hours so you need to go
she's like all the way ready
you've got like two hours dude I can
wait okay so we're taking dinner to our
neighbor tonight she just had a new baby
the baby's like a week old and I'm
really happy to take dinner to her I'm a
little bit overwhelmed because when I
offered to take dinner our day was
completely open and since then it's like
completely filled up with like field
trips I mean Lisa's valet got moved to
tonight and then our cousin Ali's play
is tonight so we're all going to that
and I actually have a girls night out
and another thing that I'm going to and
so anyway the whole evening is just
really busy I am so silly I have been
waiting to the mail all day long
I know something eyeteeth anyway I've
been waiting for the mail all day long
like I've checked the mailbox a bunch of
times because I'm waiting for my glasses
they should be here any day like I was
expecting them today and it just now
gone Don me that is Veterans Day and the
post op this is closed and so I'm not
gonna get him today
ah the post office is closed today
so I'm not gonna get my glasses I
brought Mira Kendra offering right so I
always get food and yumminess up at the
office and so I'm always want to bring
back something for Kendra
battling like my late-night what are you
trying to make me fat you're drying rain
we're at I thought you'd like it
alright so we've got the food all packed
up and ready to go to the neighbors I
almost forgot the rolls like it was all
packed up and I was putting in a bag and
I'm like wait a minute I think there was
something else so I'm glad that I
remember the rolls and we are headed
over ok so I got all the kids in and out
of dance and now we are heading up to
Allison's play our little cousin is in a
play the kids are really excited to go
see it it's always fun to be places with
bright Michelle because they basically
watch my cakes whenever they're with
them so
so they did Aladdin and Ali was the Iago
I'm gonna do a play so after watching
that play you want to do one yeah what's
your play gonna be about spider-man and
all that other superheroes what's gonna
happen in the fight soldier superheroes
died who's gonna come watch your play
you guys and then a lot of other
families okay we'll have to put it
together J house out hello my name is
kuba I'm from Russia and I'm grateful
for my family
hi my name is Julien I'm from Florida
and I'm grateful for my family
hi my name is Anna and I'm grateful for
my babysitting jobs and my family
you
