Caleb look there's frost on the ground
it's Mike white snow it just means it's
getting cold enough at night to make
Frost's him to be frozen and it makes it
to be snow and have hot shot I want hot
chocolate
is it like a leaf popsicle how does it
taste
there were spies
Amy it's no it's not snow it's just that
it's frozen outside in the middle of the
night so it's gonna start to snow it
could if it was raining at nighttime and
it's frozen outside then yes it was so
why why do you want it to snow haha
chose it and flip and make a snowman oh
we did that last hoop and I'm gonna make
my own
what are you making right now Lacey a
pilgrim hey face that's mine hey Oh
did you make a face - I love it
what did you make a flower and this is a
Terran I love how he didn't use any tape
to do the sale he used the play-doh as
glue and changed the shape shape of the
straw oh that is beautiful are you gonna
make a Mayflower yeah way to go Lisa
I am alright so next up we are gonna
make some Mayflower food and we are
gonna make hardtack which apparently is
like a hard dried biscuit that they
would have eaten on the voyage excited
to eat it no I bet it's gonna be yummy
no not excited you think it's gonna be
yummy and well can you fix it I can have
healthy what are you doing
alright so the ingredients for hardtack
our flour and salt and water that's it
so we all got to try adding pinches of
salt and now we're needing it up we
think it needs a little bit more water
waiting for your turn Caleb mm-hmm do
you think little kids on the Mayflower
would have helped to make this yes yeah
you need in the dough or work it push it
push it
a job helping
all right here it is it's happening
thick and it's going into the oven funky
they're not cookies it's called hardtack
where it is what do you guys think it
looks it looks yummy what do you think
mommy can you tell why they called it
hardtack yeah not that that's bad what
do you think this might make a good
teasing biscuit for her all right lease
it hard leather the eggs I've it yummy
egg lucky guys these things are like
rocks all right who wants to eat this
for 66 days we serious yeah ma we could
save some serious money we'll eat this
for 66 days all right it is time for
this little girl to take a nap she's
been kind of cranky this morning she's
teething a lot so I'm really excited
about her net pen he say good night to
the camera hey hey can I write say w hmm
can you wait blow kisses yeah your way
vinaigrette so can your just called and
said our family pictures are up so I'm
looking at Jilly and our photographers
website you guys got to go check them
out they turned out really well I'll put
a link below so you could do that and
kind of post something on Instagram or
Facebook so you can check there as well
they turned out so good
so I'm a firm believer in quiet time and
at our house after lunch every day Laura
goes down for a nap and I get the other
three kids set up in their rooms with a
pile of books and they sit and read for
30 minutes so that I can have some time
to just decompress it really helps me
kind of just have a fresh start for the
afternoon I think it helps all the kids
to to just kind of take a moment away
from each other and just
you know look at books and have some
downtime so what I usually do is I make
myself a yummy lunch YUM doesn't that
look delicious and then I also like
clean up from the lunch dishes and just
the quiet is just really rejuvenating to
me as an introvert it's nice to have
that time by myself and then the kids
come out from their quiet time and I get
afternoon school started and ready to go
but that's kind of the routine at our
house we start quiet time whenever the
kids stop napping that's when we make
that transition so it just works at our
house so we've been introducing the kids
to fractions today we learned with like
the cake and cutting it up into pieces
and we talked about how the parts have
to be equal and anyway it's been really
fun I've really enjoyed it all right
here is Isaac's Mayflower
here's Elise's well Isaac is at a
special piano practice for his recital
that's going to be later this week his
teacher his aunt Michelle makes it super
fun for the kids so he's having a great
time the rest of the kids and I are at
home and we decided we're going to make
some chocolate chip cookies tonight but
I'm feeling a little bit like a lazy mom
so we're going to do cake mix cookies I
hope you guys have made those before
literally you take a box of cake mix any
flavor and you add two eggs and 1/3 a
cup of oil you mix it up and we add some
chocolate chips and then we're gonna
bake it and then we'll have dinner and
dessert ready when Jeremy and Isaac get
home alright pull it apart Wow would you
like sure is there any shell in there oh
no Martha all right let's see you do it
buddy
nice work then you stick your thumbs in
you guys are kidding good at this guys
are great little cooks proud of you guys
hi all right miss Laura you can pour the
oil in there we go nice words good can I
sure sure
hello
Caleb came up to me and started dancing
and you know I cannot resist a good
dance you got moves dude hmm
you pressing all the buttons up there
try to set the alarm and it'll go off
randomly and we won't know about it did
you on program everything so for dinner
tonight the kids said I have to eat
hardtack so I know what it was like for
the pilgrims do you want some too yeah
don't feel so each of the kids have
eaten one of these and it's been about
10 minutes since I picked up the camera
she's still going at it she's still
eating it's like a little teething toy
and she's been teething like rewind
that's not only she reacted she does
thank you hey miss Lora we do not throw
our food if you're all done say all done
you're often say cookie please
Oh brilliant
hardtack and not a cookie it's hard
we'll like try to put a little nibble in
her mouth so she knows what it is she's
like I want you to test it I want to
make sure it's not poisonous yeah is it
good it's different you got this she's
like I already got mine but I'm
surprised you like it so much mom you
guys stop to yourself
however the Sommers family from Ontario
Canada under grateful for family
hi I'm Zachary from California and I'm
grateful for J house vlogs a DM from
Pennsylvania and I'm grateful for family
