good morning we are on our way to a
family service project this morning
we're going to a nonprofit organization
that's north of Kansas City and we're
going to be packing sack lunches for the
homeless we've done this for the last
couple years and I really like it
because it's an organization that lets
the kids get really hands-on they get to
actually like make the sandwiches and
put the chips in the bag and anyway it's
quite a bit north of us and we didn't
realize that we were out of gas so we
are at a gas station hardly gassing up
hoping to make it on time
you
tom is so funny my gosh it means that
one you got in there and then we got to
do a chip looker that's the one I made I
sat down to do with them
maybe
all these all these bags you guys made
out are going to go out with a hand
every one of them out today okay and
they're going to see the pictures on
there I bet some of them have some
grandkids and kids I bet it makes it
think about some of the stuff that
they've given up but we're happy to be
out there form we love Oh God loves all
right I'm gonna pray for you all right
he was feeling a little chilly so he's
smuggling up a coupe and these two are
playing together take you with me I
brought a new book I'm giving this book
a try will see what I think of it what
are you doing all right Laura and Caleb
are doubling up on the stroller this
reminds me this reminds me of the like
nice expensive strollers I think they're
called filling Ted's where like one kids
on top and one kids on bottom I've
always wanted one but they're like 600
bucks or something anyway so Caleb
climbed in there and that's where he
wants to be totally works yeah they're
totally happy $30 per Craigslist all
right well we are getting ready to do
something really fun this afternoon
Isaac is actually out at the driving
range with uncle Prince
maquila is here babies doing the kids
Lisi was excited what you guys do in
painting fingernails pinking thing I'll
sue we're gonna fake muffin YUM your
guys are gonna have fun Laura and Caleb
are thankfully sleeping at the moment
and Jeremy is practicing we are headed
to make the very first video for
Jeremy's law channel which we are really
hoping to get done and launched and up
and running soon alright so we came down
to Jeremy's office and Brienne from High
Noon vlogs is here with us and she and
Jeremy are going to be filming this
awesome imagined by kids video it's got
Caleb and Lisa's voices and it's like
legal situations anyway I totally
cracked up the first time Jeremy showed
it to me so what we're doing is we're
listening to it on here and they're
running through it over and over again
it these are harder to make the music
when you watch them a little later
pieces very blue guys we did it
Brianna's finally released from that 15
hours with us
hood oven words it was a great time
alright guys well if you haven't checked
out my new ins channel you got to go
over there and check it out and
subscribe and see all of her videos over
there so anyway thank you so much yeah I
will see you again I'll have to get our
families together we do again we were
pretty tired from all of the filming but
we actually had a really fun night um we
ate some pizza calzones I did Philly
cheesesteak tells him it was amazing
Kendra got distracted on Facebook and
took some like genius test are you a
genius you know like one of those silly
quizzes and it was really so proud
only word she's like I'm in the top 1%
Jimmy come take it and she knew that I
wasn't going to do very good genius
genius to top 1% of people everywhere
guys I mean this is based on the crazy
16 question he reviewed all those kinds
of tastes book quizzes those are real
I'm just joking what it was so funny
like it was one of those it was like
sentences you tried to like pick the
right grammar thing and I slowly thought
I was gonna get in he's smarter than me
in like every area of life except for
spelling and grammar like that's where I
get in boiled sorry
and he's really not in the genius more I
had a really hard time going to bed
tonight and she was the cutest thing
ever so she ended up sitting with us
while we were eating our dinner together
and so I was giving her like little
pieces of like my crust and she was
eating it and anyway then she stopped
eating it and she's like all done and
she said mommy turned and she put it in
my mouth and then I ate it and she
clapped her hands she's a good job mama
good job eat it mama like oh that girl
that's all for tonight he is editing and
I've been replying to comments and
getting back to you guys on Facebook
messages and sorry it takes us so long
to reply sometimes we're trying but it
really means so much to us like we got
this video from someone this family in
the Philippines and there's a little
thing that I like we want you guys in
the evening and to feel like we're part
of their family is special you know
we're on totally opposite sides of the
world and we get to connect in this way
it's really cool and those messages like
there are times when we feel tired and
it's you know hard to post videos as
regularly as we do but then there's
these moments where we're feeling this
connection with you guys and we don't
know all of your names but we appreciate
you and we enjoy sharing our lives with
you and thank you so much
I sound all gushy but I'm feeling all
gushy we love you guys alright well
that's it for tonight if I embarrass
myself on the youtubes so that's never
happened I better go check us out fine
hi I'm poppy from England and I'm
grateful for my family I'm Sophia I'm 11
years old and I am thankful for J house
vlogs hey guys my name is Olivia I'm
from
New York I'm 12 years old and one thing
I'm River for is you guys in my family
jam hsiao anyway we're having a good
time learning today let's see if this
fits
