my guys happy weekend here's what
happens when I go tell Caleb to get
ready for the day um
buddy those aren't pants that's a shirt
yeah go get some pants on but okay let's
see if they'll stay up you go run over
there and let's see if it stays at
actually did pretty kid okay run back oh
don't pull it up let's see come on let's
see if they say oh oh they're coming off
do you have it like tucked in
who needs pants just wear shirts on your
legs
oh you can just stick stuff in there so
they work his pants and a storage device
so miss laura has been happy with using
coloring books for a while but today she
figured out that she did not have a
calendar notebook and she rejected
everything I gave her until I found a
notebook and put some paper in it just
like the big kids all right you get your
work done
p53 200 can you count for me one so at a
court hearing today which went really
well
and Kendra took the kids to the store
and they're eating lunch now ooh
leaving the store I realized that the
top button on my pants had been
unbuttoned the whole time I was in the
store it's a much more comfortable store
experience though you guys making shish
kebabs who your shish kebab looks super
good
you can put your orange on it it was
very creative
you brought the flowers outside I love
the flowers yes okay so I know we just
had a date night last night but we are
double dipping and having a lunch date
today so a long long ago we see salads
the other like this really really often
so it's a treat to be able to do it
again what you doing
artistic fade-out to the flowers it was
magical so today we are getting ready
because tomorrow we are headed out to a
nonprofit organization and we're going
to spend the morning packing sack
lunches for homeless people that live in
downtown Kansas City and so we are
decorating the lunch bag so we're going
to put those lunches in - we've been
here before we've done it every year for
a couple years it's kind of one of our
traditions in the fall time and so I'll
have Jeremy put the video that we made
last year from our visit there up in the
whatever those boxes are called the
iCard box um because it was really it
was just a special day I'm really
excited to go again and now that we've
been several years in a row the kids
like they were just really familiar with
it they're they know the people that are
running it there and I don't know I
think that helps them feel more
comfortable with going and serving is
knowing what they're getting into
I think everybody's making a rainbow at
the moment we got into rainbows the
Caleb did one with letters all over it
let's see that one how I just stepped on
it Orange
yeah I didn't have a chance to all the
way clean up from lunch I just like
wiped off the table and apparently I did
not sweep underneath where Laura was
evening sitting and I just stepped on an
orange okay so while they are sitting
here coloring and I have a captive
audience I'm going to read them another
chapter from our current read aloud
who started last night and was a huge
hit I remember reading this as a child
and loving it it is mrs. pickle wiggle
do you guys like it so far
yeah so this is what Caleb's up to today
he made a robot costume there's the feet
of the costume and here's the top part
of the costume how do you like your
costume dude because do you feel like a
robot but yeah well to color it come on
come and color dots on every side
because because robots have but titties
on them oh so you're gonna color buttons
on your robot
what will the buttons do transform
transform into what anything like and do
anything and they will make me into a
kid your buttons on your robot are gonna
make you into a kid and and Sami mate we
have a book whoa everything makes me
have different things that's a pretty
cool robot you got there all right have
fun with that
can I have I'm gonna go hit some
you're gonna go get some pencils have
fun little robot family so in this book
about the Mayflower that we're reading
it shows what the families used to pack
for their new life and it says that each
family could only bring one large chest
a baby cradle and their Bible and so I
got out our large chest our baby cradle
and our Bible and we are going to pack
to go on the Mayflower so we are
pretending to be a family that is
getting on the Mayflower and we've been
talking about what is in America and
what's not in America how there's no
stores how we'd be leaving our family
behind in England and how dangerous the
journey is and there's no like doctors
in America or anything but guys I wanted
to ask you guys what do you guys think
we should pack yeah play house we should
take a play house we can look it up play
house in there what else do you sing
with us
hello ello ello ello ello chat a little
little little little chair candy you
think we need candy in there yeah I
don't know if we can take candy what do
you think resi blankets food lamps just
for fun G camera books cuz you say
camera do you know they didn't invent
cameras back then they didn't have
cameras TVs they don't have T don't yet
know we can bring like ten TV great
bring it for 10 for 10 TV alright so we
have begun our packing to join the
Mayflower we remembered utensils and
toothbrushes and cups and there's some
dish rags a blanket each of the kids
grabbed a pair of clothing and maybe a
jacket Isaac are you trying to take the
Sports Illustrated mm-hmm
what if this is all we had what that'd
be like would be what I could only wear
these stuff this is very would you have
wanted to be a pilgrim would you have
chosen to leave England and get on the
Mayflower or do you have chosen to stay
what a chosen to leave on leave on the
night yeah how about you Lisi would you
have stayed or chosen to leave on the
Mayflower leave them to make flap you
think so I think I would be scared to go
on the Mayflower I think I would be
scared of all the unknowns I think I
would have wanted to stay in England it
would be so hard to leave family I
really can't imagine that so anyway
we're having a good time learning today
let's see if this fits
you
alright can we read in our book that the
Mayflower was 90 feet long and 26 feet
wide so we are out to measure and see
how big this thing really was
Elisa's guess is that was as wide as the
soccer goal and this long so we're going
to start from this orange cone and
measure 90 feet
it went from where I'm standing right
here this orange cone down to where
Isaac and Elise are with their orange
cones and it was 26 feet wide which
means it goes from that orange cone to
that orange cone so that's how big the
Mayflower was how would you like to sail
in there with 132 people for in 66 days
never all right now what are you guys up
to out here
you're building a fire pilgrim you guys
are pilgrims out here huh trying to make
it for the after the Mayflower we're
trying to make a oneness and we're
bringing it in a back
honey
well I am emotionally spent I have my
court hearing this morning and then this
afternoon I spent most of my time with a
new potential client who lost a family
member in a really traumatic way and you
listen to their story and you give them
advice and your heart just breaks for
them and so it's nice to come home and
to be with my family
but it really does take a lot out of you
to be advising people and try to be
there for people in those kinds of
situations so I got Kendra a special
dessert she's going to love it
this was the dessert thing yeah sorry
you missed it but I knew you would once
so I had this like legal dinner thing
and I brought him Kendra some goodness a
lot of the widespread but we didn't have
a babysitter so I got to stay home so
thank you this is awesome if you didn't
know layer chocolate cake with chocolate
frosting is my favorite dessert of all
time okay I'm gonna go eat this now
goodnight hi Alicia Walker and I'm okay
and I'm grateful for my poor horses I'm
Taylor I'm who McPherson Hamza's and I
am grateful for everything I have I am
grateful for J house for j house box
