I need time I need these to not get lost
every day so I'm gonna keep it on here
it's pretty clever buddy
and then Caleb is this your phone yeah
you're gonna make some important phone
calls today yeah I'm gonna text it okay
someday okay so my text should you go
poopoo Stinky's clue we're gonna change
your diaper
yeah get your clothes on yeah yep
Jerry says no when she means yes are you
a beautiful wonderful person there we go
you are 211
Hey I have water bottle what do you need
a water bottle for my hubby what trip
are you going on I'm going to Arizona to
meet grandma pop but you missed it yeah
okay let's go find you a water bottle
it's spinning
all right so we're headed into the
library today but I gave the kids each a
library challenge which essentially is
just a list of books that they're going
to look for while we're here I'm trying
to encourage them to explore more in the
library and pick books that they might
not have initially been thinking about
and also just to find out how to use a
library better so here's their list Lisa
has to find a book about each of those
topics Caleb does that one and Isaac
does that one and Laura had a paper but
she ripped it up did you tear it yep
let's go find our box
I feel like the challenge cards really
worked really well at the library I feel
I could help the kids branch out and
look for different things and was funny
another mom went up to the desk and
asked the librarian if her kids could do
the challenge because I guess her kids
had seen my kids doing the challenge so
then the librarian was like I don't know
what you're talking about so then they
both came over and they found me with
the kids and we're like where did this
challenge come from so then I showed it
to them then anyway the mom ended up
making a challenge for her daughter and
so it's fun to see these other kids at
the library also start looking for books
and you know libraries are just fun
places I like them were you guys playing
out in the woods yeah and it looks like
you got some burrs in your hair you too
Caleb and I wear the hat for safety yeah
but you got some all over your shirt
everything I'm trying to get one alwa
Vanover
I'm a little concerned yeah this is
gonna be cuz if that's a problem we just
buzz it yeah we're gonna buzz your hair
no we're not try to get these things out
going strong trying to get these birds
out of her head see that so I've just
been combing like 1 or 2 out at a time
all right well I've actually made a lot
of progress on Elise's hair I got a
whole back part then but this is kinda
the last of it is this big piece of it
well that was fun I don't really want to
do that again any time soon but I'm glad
it came out and she was such a good
sport like I know it was tender and I
tried my hardest but anyway we saved her
hair and got it out I wanted to show you
guys the game he's doing today it's a
logic math game can I show them this so
you have to solve this puzzle by
coloring all of the boxes in with either
red yellow blue or green but none of the
colors can touch themselves you have to
figure out how to solve it so that's
something he's doing for part of his
math today it's kind of a stormy evening
here
all right so we are doing a science
experiment we are going to make an
imposing pumpkin hopefully it turns off
out as loads it looked online okay
there's something called chemical
reactions experiments cool I love your
drawing that tells a lot about our
experiment and here's all the things we
added okay love that looks nice these
two are working on more of the puzzles
what do you think of these I want to
play it reminds me of the L set when you
become a lawyer there's a test you have
to take and a whole segment of it is
logic games and it's a lot like this mom
did you take AB and do you feel clean
you feel happy do you feel sleepy yeah
do you want don't you want to just go to
bed right now
oh flasher cubby wanted his towel on
just like daddy
kind of curious how long let's get a
last okay but let's go get JAMA zone
okay you're gonna sleep in that tonight
so with all the family in town and the
craziness with everything going on we
haven't had as much time together so we
wanted to do a date night in tonight so
we got yummy Jose peppers Mexican food
lots of chips and salsa and I'm so
excited to chat with this guy I miss him
yeah and to try to save money we didn't
take out so we don't have to pay a tip
and we just got one meal and we split it
so that makes it that's a lot cheaper
that way so we're trying we hope you
guys have a wonderful weekend thanks for
hanging out with us yeah hi and I'm from
Germany again and I'm grateful for my
god children
hi I'm Kayden from Oklahoma and I'm
grateful for J house vlogs
my name is Courtney I'm from Indiana and
I'm grateful for your smiling faces
every day that show up on my screen I've
loved it I'm from Washington ten years
old I'm here to say J house out John
don't right now
