did you guys know that grandma and pop
are going home today
yes yeah after lunch we're taking them
to the airport huh
yeah it'll be a little bit sad so when
we feed our kids pancake so we just
leave them whole and then we put some
dipping sauce on the side of syrup so
they just dip it and eat it it's so much
easier than cutting up pancakes is it
too hot sorry bud
it's so much easier than cutting up
pancakes for everybody look how simple
this is
so the first Wednesday of every month at
11:00 a.m. the tornado sirens go off and
that's like their practice to make sure
they're all functioning and I remember
for the first several times like the
first several months we lived here it
always took me off-guard like I was like
oh there's a tornado and then I would
have to check my watch and like a little
exactly 11:00 a.m. on the first
Wednesday of the month and so anyway
it's just something you get used to
living in the area but when you first
move in it's definitely different all
right guys give Papa hugs give you hug
we're saying goodbye we're gonna miss
him because you get like a hug it's
hundred oh wow let's just say that the
kids are really gonna miss grandma and
Papa they're really really sad about it
all right so I am so grateful that my
parents came and visited and that
Jeremy's parents were here last week
like we have just had so much fun with
grandparents it has been amazing it's
been so fun to watch the kids really
enjoying that special time and playing
with them it has also been absolutely
exhausting I think with Halloween thrown
in there and daylight savings time and
the World Series excitement and the
grandparent fun and all the extra like
places and things that we were doing our
routine has just been completely thrown
out the window and I am just exhausted
sorry my neck itches
anywho Caleb and Laura are thankfully
both napping and Isaac and Elise have
actually had really good attitudes about
school and so we jumped in and we've
done some handwriting and a bunch of
history leacy do want to show em what
you were working on for school
had to match everything what it said you
had to match all these up huh
good work and then you lined them up was
it hard or easy kind of hard I had to
recognize lemon right thought my
actually yeah took a lot of work you're
getting to be such a good reader though
yeah I do one more book and then I'm
gonna be done yeah uh-huh
you're working hard on it this little
girl's first words when she woke up were
Papa mugga gone and then her next word
was sad sad where did Papa mother go I
guess I shouldn't ask her questions when
she's drinking her milk she's not very
talkative this way Papa mugga mugga did
they go so sad huh all right where are
we you guys for what okay books
so Kendra's explaining what she had the
kids do to earn this Isaac had to read
30 minutes a day for the whole month and
write for book reports and at least had
to finish the bob books what she did and
they've been reading every day and we're
really proud of you guys hey do you guys
get the book eight pizzas or do you
remember doing that when you were a kid
good times I feel so happy I I like
reading and I like pizza it's a great
combination Oh mmm did mom read books to
you yeah she reads to you a lot you
don't get over there just nervous about
an explosion and a really loud noise got
to be careful just in case right you say
hi Barry
Jon don't try your mouth sounds really
funny we don't know what it is but if
she's been going on like this for a
little bit I was kind of notorious what
are you laughing attacks sometimes
attacked under fire yeah during prairies
your sir a river one time I was in a
choir concert in high school it was
junior and we were performing and
something made me laugh and I laughed
through most of the concert my teacher
wasn't too happy
another time during a math test
something really funny happened in the
cup I think I laughed through most of
the test and then there's been a couple
times where I was having pretty
important conversations with people I
really respect
and then something funny happened and it
could stop laughing so laughing attacks
their real thing and they can be very
embarrassing you're dangerous good night
dear Sam
I am Natalie I'm from Leah I'm grateful
for
