so I'm sure that you guys have heard
that the Kansas City Royals won the
World Series it's so exciting to be here
in Kansas City at this time just
everybody the community everybody's so
excited so there's a big parade downtown
today a big rally all the schools in the
area shut down lots of businesses the
courts are even closed for the day so
it's just kind of a day of festivities
here we really considered going down to
the parade but there's supposed to be a
huge crowd like over 200,000 people and
most of the people that we know that are
going down there are spending like 8 or
10 hours today going and we just didn't
think it was going to be a good fit for
Caleb and Laura so we decided to stay
home we're watching the parade on TV
anyway I think my heart's a little bit
sad that we're not down there I have an
adventurous heart like I love to do that
kind of stuff it just wasn't the right
fit for our family today so we're
rolling with it so people are just
parking in the off-ramp they're parking
in the medians of the highway to try to
get down for the parade it's crazy
Wow
so close
how'd it go bud hold on yeah almost you
havin fun so we're looking at our
neighbors dogs and she goes doggy
oink doggy Oh what sound does a doggy
make can what sound does a doggy make
horse he said thank you so Caleb really
likes to take things apart sometimes we
call it destroy things but we decided to
get out an old toy that's broken and let
him actually take it apart so he's doing
that with Papa today you see how you can
lift it you want to put it in there no
it's it's not gonna be a little hot
Caleb it's just gonna open we're just
gonna what a lot we mean open it's not
gonna be loud put it in there softly
watch your hand and once it's in there
turn turn now lift it up
what you see yeah yeah what's in there
uh pipes pipes there it is what's that
those are the but behind the buttons
what were the buttons pushing let's take
the wire see a Wow bears in the basement
and they leave a little bit of my papa's
teaching them about how to do it true
that's the same wires all the way over
there and now if you come up here do you
see those two screws if you touch those
two screws together it's the same as
pushing that button it completes the
circuit there compass so let me just
show you what it looks like
Papa's magic its electrical magic some
puppet is teaching the kids how it's
circuit works and so he's using a
clothes hanger to complete the circuit
and make our garage door open and shut
and the kids think it's like completely
imaginary serious fun laughs keep going
up higher okay so touch one to the left
screw and one to the middle screw at the
same time and it just takes a moment
Papa's wouldn't you yeah now do you
think it's easier to run a wire and have
a button or do you want to do this all
the time what if every time we wanted to
close the garage door mom had to climb
up here and do it Caleb's turn Caleb are
you gonna complete the circuit okay
we'll put one in this one and watch this
one do you see this one
you hold it it just used it alright so
after using the coat hanger we tried a
bunch of other things we tried a jump
rope and we tried just a few other
things that were in the garage and none
of those worked and so then we talked
with the kids about how a circuit
connects and why the coat hanger worked
because it was metal and it could
conduct the electricity so man science
is way more fun when Papa's around hey
Carly happen yeah agenda ok happens it's
so fun everyone has their royal stuff on
the one downside of having a citywide
celebration as we tried to go to Red
Robin for dinner and there wasn't a ton
of people there but there was no one
working there they said that everyone
took the day off and so they didn't have
enough staff it was going to be an hour
and 20 minute wait so we came to a more
fast food place at Culver's
and we're going to have dinner all
together rightful I'm grateful for
ketchup so it's been so fun to watch
over your grateful grads various
submissions that's one of my favorite
things to do is to see those emails come
in and check on so thanks for summer
royal grateful ketchup so apparently
it's dark out now at 6 o'clock that was
on me on so strengthen your trails and
what it feels like there's enough room
for everyone it feels like this at 6
p.m. now look what cut dark it is ok
just kidding that's a sign kendra hasn't
quite gotten over the daylight savings
and so the whole fall and winter the Sun
going down earlier thing it's a struggle
and it getting colder rent rent work
alright when we are going to end off
this fun festive day with some Kansas
City Royals cake it doesn't look too
beautiful because it was still warm when
I was decorating it and so the frosting
kept pulling up the crumb layer from the
top but the idea is there and it's blue
and white
and we are proud of our Royals you guys
decided
I know I'm from Brownsburg India and I'm
grateful nature you guys doing your
vlogs Elizabeth from Minneapolis
Minnesota and I'm grateful for my family
my Heavenly Father and J house vlogs I'm
gonna let you guys choose do you guys
want to keep the candy or do you guys
want to donate some to the soldiers
