I'm gonna let you guys choose do you
guys want to keep the candy or do you
guys want to donate some to the soldiers
so these two have been waking up like an
hour hour and a half before everybody
else and they're wanting breakfast right
away and with daylight savings you know
it's now an hour earlier than it was
before
you do that where you have to open the
microwave before it starts to be really
loud because you don't want to wake
everyone up ah you should have up
sitting on my curbs or it's like it's
not gonna be good job cut hey Laura
everybody's asleep okay did you get some
oatmeal in your hair all right we'll
keep working on this okay thanks Ryan I
need to keep little kids quiet in the
morning it's a tough thing to do so I'm
so excited to tell Isaac about how the
World Series was one last night by the
way else he doesn't know he's gonna be
excited okay so as soon as Isaac woke up
you wanted to know what happened with
the World Series so it's in the ninth
inning and the Mets are up 2 to 0 so
we're down by 2
and they've had the pitcher and he's
been to an awesome the whole time but we
score 2 points so now we're going to go
in to the tinting and then it goes to
the 11th inning and it's tight then it
goes to the 12 inning and in the 12th
inning we score 5 runs and we win the
World Series that's like way better when
it had 5 runs
I knew it was a gettable so we had the
bases loaded and we had a base hit that
brought in three RBIs just before the
end of the inning
you guys want to see the highlights yeah
sure ok let's check it out stinky poos
to be speak up you want help me with the
trash today
this world
you're like a real trash man thanks for
the help bud you guys see that tree back
there look how beautiful it is here are
our spoils from Halloween guys do we
have a lot of candy yeah all right well
guys there is a dentist in the area who
said that if we come in today we can
donate our candy to the soldiers that
are fighting for our country who are far
away they're far away from their
families yeah you remember when we did
that we've done that before huh what do
you guys think yeah you want to eat it
what do you think we see okay candy hey
candy okay so I have a question I'm
gonna let you guys choose do you guys
want to keep the candy or do you guys
want to donate some to the soldiers
donate sound I found some Direction
donate it's really healthy you found
some we could donate is it easy to
donate the candy or is a little bit hard
I don't want to be kind to this so I
think what do you think of this it's
okay it's okay all right how many pieces
do you guys think you should eat all
right so you guys are each picking out
which 10 pieces you want to keep okay
I'm gonna go get a baggie or just
dancing pants all right all right so
make a little pile
follow our here's the card that you
least made for the soldiers I love it
Elise I meant to say thank you for
fighting for a country oh it totally
says that I can understand that this is
the candy we're giving to the soldiers
you didn't want to give that one okay
you can choose one out okay the rest of
them need to go in that's so nice here
to share those with them you love those
so much very nice of you to give some to
the soldiers
this might become a slow process all
right so there's a website and you just
go in and enter your zip code and it
finds dentists in the area that are
willing to accept the candy and then the
dentists mail the candy to the soldiers
and so we make cards for them and the
kids all have their bags of candy and
we're headed in John hi good we're here
to give back candy
oh right how much do you think they
weigh guys 100 pounds Oh 100 pounds
oh hey five 85 pounds 11 10 10 11 or 10
pounds mmm my guess is like maybe a
pound apiece how much is it today 24 oh
it looks like about two and a half
by candy so after we dropped off the
candy we were close to one of our
favorite parts and so we figured that
would be a great treat is to come down
here and play in the warm sunshine so as
you are getting out of the van Caleb
asked my dad are you just a big kid I
love that I love that he plays with love
that's Papa at the very top he's doing
it you did it papa
here's Kendra yeah baby alright guys so
it's only 5:15 and the Sun is setting
like it looks like we've got another
maybe thirty minutes of daylight this is
crazy it's gonna be an adjustment for
sure kind of bummed about it
goodnight
Junior Seau I'm Rebecca I'm from Atlanta
Georgia and one thing I'm grateful for
is my brother and my sister hi I'm Sarah
I'm from Portugal and I'm 36 years old
and I'm grateful for everything that I
have in my life hmm I'm also grateful
for the winter in the fall because I
love the cold and I almost ate a whole
box of raspberries trying to do this
video and keep it under five seconds so
bye I am grateful for all the youtubers
who spend their time to make videos and
edit them just for us especially you
guys Congrats for 20005 happy day hi my
name is Cassie from st. Louis Missouri I
love your family Jay Haas out
