all right we're starting the day off
with carving pumpkins happy Halloween
the young invasion what's that funny
yeah I think he needs more pain oh
you're gonna eat it how's it taste good
yes why they buy non-toxic yeah
and washable hard at work so what we do
at our house is the kids paint pumpkins
while daddy carves pumpkins Isaac's hard
at work on his KC pumpkin
Nora what did daddy make what made a
good daddy ding goodness she's like
talking in full sentences Nora what do
you think at a pion no where's the nose
oh that's the eyes she said eyes there's
a mouth on that pump no just have a
bigmouth bigmouth show me how you open
your mouth
oh you saw beatbox
say bye pumpkin so since it's gotten
really chilly out the last few days I've
been starting to do something new and
I'm loving it what I'm doing is before
naptime and bedtime and maybe after bath
time I take the kids blankets or towels
and I put them in the dryer so how does
it feel oh how is it so cozy I love it
it gives me an excuse to cuddle my kids
no matter what their age throw a warm
blanket on and snuggle them that's a
nice thing about the wintertime is it's
so cozy hey how are you
so Little Miss Laura keeps taking her
bottle when I give it to her and putting
it in her little play kitchen microwave
shutting it Oh get it going what are you
doing to your milk let see it in there
oh there's your milk milk and chicken
take it your milk out being all done
alright so we are running some errands
this Halloween afternoon we are going to
the library to pick up our Thanksgiving
books getting ready for the next holiday
yay my favorite okay so we're going to
stamps Club this afternoon Jeremy and I
don't have a membership boat since my
parents are in town we're going with
them and it's kind of fun to go to these
places where you buy in bulk I don't I
don't know what so entertaining about
that my question for you guys is do you
shop in bulk do you go to like Costco or
Sam's what do you think of those kinds
of places if you're not in America do
they have these kinds of places in other
countries let me know in the comments
below we're walking up in Ely SCO's so
this is a club funny did you see that
there was a bird just right in front of
us a bird in Costco and Sam's what was
it eating yeah so we're doing the
perfect dinner for tonight because we
only have a short amount of time it's
pizza and as soon as we're done eating
we're going to get on the costumes and
I'm excited for you guys to see what
each of the kids chose for their
costumes
do you have middleton can you go can you
go and what are you for Halloween
at least why did you pick the costume
you did I guess I could it she's between
a chef NFL so you just put him together
why'd you choose to be a baseball player
because the Royals are in the World
Series that's right
so who are you buddy spying
why did you choose to be spider-man
because we have a costume a loop and
Garrett had a mask is it something you
wanted to be yeah Mike hello my pictures
go get'em I can't believe that just
happened came on this is the picture we
want just for Jeremy and I in there to
say Trick or Treat
so we rearranged the seats in our car so
that we could fit my mom and dad in here
with us and so caleb is sitting right
next to Lauren I thought it was so sweet
they're holding hands while we're
driving to go trick-or-treating I love
that hi hi peeps oh jeez so you excited
where are we going I to the square to go
do what sugar tree yay
trick-or-treat flora say thank you she
sees her reflection can you go say thank
you
so after going to that community event
we were going to just come and stop by
some of our neighbors and Turki tree did
you fall buddy hey if you want you can
keep your head up so you don't fall on
the top of your head Caleb just fell
really hard so so the World Series is on
tonight so a lot of people have their
TVs up as part of the trick-or-treating
I think that's really cool so her bucket
weighs as much as she does now she could
barely carry it around she keeps
dropping it so this little girl was a
trooper she had to go up to every door
and she held on to this candy the whole
time even with the other hand she like
put the candy in the basket and the
first thing she said me got home was eat
it eat it
she was very effective why do you all
right you guys getting ready to do the
sorting game so Kendra's had a long day
thank you moms for making holidays
magical
good night dear Sam what makes a good
pumpkin round big yeah Laura what makes
a good pumpkin she stroked your
shoulders
