morning friends my kids are super
excited because Papa and mugga are in
town they got here late last night you
excited to see papa
do you see Papa oh say hi papa say hi
grandma gonna go give him hugs oh you're
a cuddly woman the tickle monster the
tickle monster okay alright so we just
figured out Isaac's costume he's really
excited about it but it was a lot more
expensive than any of the other kids
costume so what are you gonna do but hey
you're gonna pay for part of it you've
been saving up some money huh yeah how
much money do you got there um $31.24
alright so we're headed out to hyvee
this morning we are getting our pumpkins
we need a pumpkin to carve I know I know
we're late getting our pumpkins sorry
about that but we also are getting a
pumpkin for dinner tonight because every
year we eat a dinner and a pumpkin and
tonight's the night so who's excited to
get some pumpkins was it heavy whoa baby
put it yeah but I did
you need some help is that who happy do
you find a good one so what makes a good
pumpkin round big yeah Laura what makes
a good pumpkin she stroked to your
shoulders I don't know he loved did you
get into pumpkins how did you get in
there
alright guys did you pick one out yeah
this one's gonna be our jack-o'-lantern
and it's Hall woo alright what should we
name him Oh Johnny apples checking out
the lobsters and this water it is water
and I'm saying living water because
lobsters are kind of like fish that they
live there I did a rubber band around
their claws why do you think so they
won't get any hotter maybe or maybe so
that if you had to stick your hand in
there they wouldn't get you so we're
almost done shop and we found little
pumpkins for each of the kids to paint
which I'm really excited about well
there's been some really good sales not
to mention some food samples
yeah so we've always done dinner in a
pumpkin but we're trying a new recipe
this year and Papa is cutting the
pumpkin open the first step is cutting
the top of the pumpkin off and cleaning
it out just like you're getting ready to
make a jack-o'-lantern
so Cubby's got his tool you helped in
he's helping he's hoping he's my main
man
Papa's repairing this hinge Manj
it was broken somebody's been climbing
on it is your mom been climbing on the
cabinets no the climbs on the cabinets
me our house is always very glad that
Papa came to visit all of a sudden our
lawnmower is functioning better and all
of our doorknobs are a little tighter
and nothing squeaks Mia opens and shuts
so at least just blew her first bubble
and now she's trying to blow another one
she just did over there
so close so close I'm proud of you all
right so we are quite the assembly line
we're chopping chicken and carrots and
broccoli everybody's helping and anyway
my job is I'm cutting I'm gonna be
dicing this onion and I was standing
here next to my dad and I said hey a
viewer recently told me that if you hold
matches in your mouth while you're
cutting the onion then you won't cry and
he looks at me and he says lit matches
or unlit matches and I just busted up
laughing picture myself putting an onion
that matches on fire in my mouth like I
would probably cry but for a completely
different reason so anyway thank you for
that tip I'm going to have to try it and
I'm going to assume it was unlit matches
okay so these two are learning baseball
statistics that's a hard word to say
statistics and decimals math and
division and everything related to
that's very a good time yeah I'm having
fun with Papa yeah guys there's the
craziest sound in our garage what is it
it's a frog we found it's a little frog
it had the deepest voice oh it's a
little baby frog not killing oh for sure
we're not gonna kill it look at how
little frog guys yay okay come on no God
we want to help you out hide outside yay
born free there he goes all right you're
free at last little guy so I don't know
if I've mentioned it recently but I was
actually homeschooled for part of my
growing up years and so my parents
homeschooled me and my three other
siblings and so when they come into town
and they're with us
it's so nice because they just dig right
in and get hands-on and my dad does a
lot of math and you know like how things
work with the kids and some
and like right now he's showing Isaac
how the lawnmower works and he explained
like two cycle engines and four cycle
engines and my mom's upstairs doing like
math addition sorting pattern activities
with all the Halloween candy with Caleb
and Elise and so it's just so nice they
really understand the hands-on element
of learning that we try to have at our
house and they just jump right in I'm so
grateful for them pop is working on the
chair what it looks like in the oven
baking away it is a lot of hassle and
every year like should we really do the
dinner on the pumpkin this year but it's
just cool and it's a fun tradition I
hope it's something that kids grow up
remembering ABC what are you making for
dessert
we're gonna have warm apple crisp with
um ice cream I have been craziness so I
was really excited about it so my
daughter Kendra when she was very young
was kind of short so she would always
stand on her tippy toes to reach the
counter and apparently even though she's
no longer short she is perfectly capable
I've continued to stand on her toes so I
don't even notice that I'm doing it like
it's just built into me like I just
stand on my tippy toes all the time
every time I turn around she's said
eager to us and it is so
you love you guys thank you pumpkin or a
Carson and hey there's dinner pumpkin
awesome welcome home everyone hates up
well they're not excited like that the
trick to dinner on a pumpkin is when
you're serving the dinner you have to
scoop to the side and get some of the
pumpkin flush with it so you eat the
pumpkin with your dinner like this this
one from the pumpkin I'm not sure about
dinner
we like to try anything right off you
love squash I think you're gonna love
this then we very rarely watch our vlogs
together what this came up on YouTube
for us it's our Christmas Day vlog it's
like a dog eat order that the kids look
so different like we were just talking
about how Lacey's long hair was
different and all right so now we're
watching our last year Halloween
specials and it's just so fun to see it
we never do this little and just like a
little tiny moment I'm naked and you're
so funny though she's like I can see why
our kids enjoy this but why does anybody
else like watching our vlogs
good night dear self
happy Halloween hey happy Halloween
say Trick or Treat share Akashi
