happy Halloween happy Halloween say
Trick or Treat Turkish eat
w-why do we go trick-or-treating because
we need lots of sugar in our body why do
we need sugar in our body because it's
healthy how did you learn that
oh no why do we celebrate Halloween I do
not know that is it something related to
Jesus so why do we celebrate Halloween
because it's really happy days nothing
really happened on October 31st
Jesus with that with what I can remember
because there's candy and you get it
dressed up why do we dress up on
Halloween mm-hmm
why do we say trick-or-treat okay
there's pure she what advice would you
give to parents when they're going out
with their kids trick-or-treating get
candy - hmm what do you think is the
best treat
chocolate sucker what's the best candy
on Halloween I can't even tell me cuz
they like candy you like all of them
yeah how much candy should you get at
each house you go to on your
trick-or-treating hey eight pieces of
candy yeah 99 have you ever been scared
on Halloween night only once they're
like they're like really scary skeletons
vampires they're actual real-life spider
webs it was really scary and what did
you do when you were scared I just
bravely walked through because I wanted
to get the candy and otz
she didn't even go through it when it's
Halloween you there scary stuff going on
have you ever been scared on Halloween
sure car hey do you know any Halloween
songs great cake
peep-peep key you're a kid how old is
too old to go trick-or-treating 16 why
16 because that's where you learn how to
drive a car that's pretty old 20 old
found so you pretty good to go
trick-or-treating until you're 85 what
advice would you give to parents when
they're out trick-or-treating with their
kids love sure v-j house out
