we feel so blessed to have you as our
friend and so many others being a part
of our family in this way and to
celebrate 20,000 subscribers we want you
on J house vlogs
Oh Mike that was super close yeah I
gotta take it then I got to put it on my
head
now it's ready good morning friends
anyway I have had a little bit of a
rough morning just emotionally I'm just
feeling um kind of nervous about some
things and overwhelmed and anyway I'm
trying to take some deep breaths and
looking forward to a good afternoon
we're gonna make it a good day here
so Caleb built a store or a store fort
he came and told me the store is open
what are you selling back here so I have
everything to have everything how much
money does it cost twenty dollars in
cash piecing twenty dollars and fifty
cents that's a lot of money everything's
on sale oh good how much is it on sale
for I am yeah but how much is it on so
forth I $80 oh so it's normally $20 but
right now it's on sale for $80 yeah what
would you like what would I like I would
like a stuffed animal do you have any
stuffed animals in your store Kathy yeah
how much is your cubby one dollar and
fifty cents all right there you go thank
you
you guys feeling tired
you ready for nap time oh do you need a
blanket all right so I'm still making
lunch and after lunch is naptime but
apparently Caleb's feeling pretty tired
he brought his pillow in here and he got
his pinkies and you guys just need a
blanket huh good thing the kitchen floor
is clean swinging and Laura comes
running from across that guard she would
stop me to stop meeting you swinging you
guys we just tried on Laura's Halloween
costume it's the cutest thing ever she's
already learned how to make all the
noises associated with the costume I
can't wait to show you let's go come on
come on did you get him man I think
we're gonna have to do an instant replay
to see who out or save she wants to see
the doggy do you love the doggy say love
you doggy
okay guys I'm gonna be honest right
before we went outside to play I was
feeling really grumpy I was feeling
anxious and stressed and overwhelmed and
just really negative and I forced myself
to just stop what I was doing inside and
just go outside and be with my family
and be with the kids and as I was
swinging out there holding on to Laura I
just was thinking like it's so true and
I need this pounded into my head all the
time as a reminder because I forget but
if you look for the negative you can
find it you guys want me to tell you a
bunch of negative things about my life I
could do it but if you look for the
positive it's
there too and as I was out there
swinging on having fun with my kids and
cuddling Laura I just was seeing all the
positive and it's funny how when we're
thinking and focused on the negative all
we can see is the negative but the
positives are there we just have to look
for him and then we find them there's
bunches of them and they're wonderful so
anyway that was what my heart needed a
reminder about today was to look for the
positive comes fear so these two are
supposed to come in and help with dinner
and they're begging for one more out I
don't know who's begging more Jeremy or
Isaac
every Halloween we make mummies there
you have it one wants to make one here's
one for you oh here's a example
are you excited excited baby baby there
you go wanna bite gonna see my
masterpieces see what's given em all
right so here's my first little smiley
face I don't really know where to put
this one smiley face so Kendra doesn't
really use condiments like she'll get a
hamburger or hotdog in heaven in nothing
I mean I do clean that's like blasphemy
it's a hot dogs and hamburgers it's just
a craziness
wait I have to rephrase that so I like
cheese lettuce tomato onion I just don't
like the ketchup mustard mayo all right
there it is
mummies for dinner Pinterest worthy
mummies alright here's our mummy dinner
and we got raspberries we're going to do
grateful raspberries I'm grateful for
church I'm grateful for
the viewers and sugar cookies and
cooking and ballet
I'm grateful for Jesus heifer well I am
grateful for grateful raspberries and
for November which is coming up I just
love the focus on gratitude and the
reminder to look around us and find all
there is to be grateful for what are you
grateful for okay yeah she would catch
up yeah raspberries in ketchup don't go
well together true hey live literally
thinks then he can't eat the raspberry
without telling me what he's grateful
for first so he keeps like eating his
dinner and he's like mom I'm ready to be
grateful again he puts his finger in
alright buddy what are you grateful for
hot-wire I'm grateful for holidays and
how it brings communities together like
how neat is it that for Halloween people
all in the community are going to open
their doors to the kids coming around
and then Thanksgiving and Christmas
again there's just a lot of community
things where we all come together to
celebrate in the traditions that we have
in our hair so I love that all right
still LeBron Brown all right so we just
know a little walk so a couple days ago
so we recently hit 20,000 subscribers on
our Channel and we just wanted to thank
all of you really enjoy
that means timeout so I can doors trying
to say is we feel so blessed to have you
as our friend and so many others being a
part of our family in this way and to
celebrate twenty thousand subscribers we
want you on J house vlogs so send us
your clips under five seconds of you
doing grateful raspberries tell us who
you are where you're from and what
you're grateful for and we understand if
you don't have raspberries you can get
created using all over something back
when we hit 5000 subscribers we had
people sending in clips of them doing J
house out and it got really creative so
have fun with this send your videos to J
house vlogs at gmail.com we're really
excited to see your grateful raspberries
time in all right so the plan all days
when to make sugar cookies and now it's
already night and I'm feeling exhausted
and I'm considering just throwing in the
towel but what I decided to do is
instead of making my favorite sugar
cookie sugar cookie think we're going to
make sure people could the instead of
making my favorite sugar cookie recipe
that takes a little bit more time I'm
just going to use a bag do before making
sugar cookie this way and instead of
letting the kids all help me at the same
time which can get pretty chaotic we're
just gonna let him help one at a time
and instead of them having like 20
cookie cutters to choose from they can
choose a pumpkin or a ghost so anyway
this is just an important thing for my
sanity some days I just have to simplify
and remember what is the goal the goal
is to have fun making sugar cookies with
my kids so it doesn't matter about how
elaborate is or how you know
authentically homemade it is this is
close enough for today Hayley see the
viewers don't know what you're gonna be
for Halloween yet they're gonna be so
surprised are you gonna decorate yeah
sure
Oh wash it together a little bit more a
ghost you're spooky
all right you gotta help me roll Lord
can you say cookies getting it in there
mmm how they turn out super good they're
good
goodnight Jay house ow thing I enjoyed
most about the interview is it was fun
to really think about the questions they
were asking us they asked us why are we
vlogging and how is it impacting our
kids and not impacting our daily life
