so totally random Jeremy and I are
headed out to a local high school today
to be interviewed by their broad press
class about um about vlogging
but this is legit camera setup yeah
choice out never used to lapel mic as
though these are me hold okay sure yeah
yeah lapel my week yeah got him on my
officials we considered bringing the
kids here
I'm glad we're not here right now yeah
they'd be like jumping up and down on
and touching boobs
calum destroy so how have the vlogs
affected your daily life well I didn't
used to carry around a camera and talk
to it all day
so that's been a little bit of a change
like it's taking our daily life and
packaging in a way that we'd want to
watch it we talked about this is what
we're going to watch on replay in the
retirement of some day how does it
affect the children just throughout
their learning process in what they do
we hope it have excellent very well I
mean they're gonna grow up of these
psycho
do you find that being open on camera
helps through your problems at home I
think I think so I think I just recently
this last week made a video about my
anxiety and depression that I struggle
with and I think I guess really scary
they say that out loud and it's really
scary me like hi and something I
struggle with but immediately after I
made the video I just felt a little bit
of a load lifted you know like we're all
in this together and so many people
commented and shared the things that
they go through and I think so often
kind of we hide our struggles from each
other and it's really refreshing me to
say Here I am
and flawed let's hang out your ends so
and how did you two become comfortable
in front
like hard transition or especially
public yes um so he's just always been
comfortable with early cam or anything
for me it's been doing it when I don't
feel comfortable and you'll be out in
public and you turn it and you start
talking to yourself and people aren't
looking everyone's like who's the weirdo
you know you start seeing friends these
are people that we have relationships
with like hi guys you know we were
excited to show you where we're at right
now and it look apples are on sale yes
let's make some apple pie I think it's
gonna get back to the interview now I
think the thing I enjoyed most about the
interview is it was fun to really think
about the questions they were asking us
yeah that's good question why are we
vlogging and how is it impacting our
kids and impacting our daily life and
what do we enjoy about it and they
really ask very good questions yeah Oh
son it was the wall Michelle was
babysitting she totally folded my
laundry and made royal blue cupcakes
check them out so it's this blue velvet
cake mix in honor of the Royals tonight
yeah in case you didn't know the Royals
are in the World Series and we're pretty
excited about it
so anyway Caleb had a lot of fun with
Aunt Michelle and I'm just so grateful
family makes a big difference like it's
just nice to know that I can leave and
if my house a little bit messy it's just
fine and if Laura wakes up while we're
gone she's not going to be traumatized
like she'll be like oh hey it's aunt
Michelle so anyway
thumbs up for aunt Michelle super
grateful Tuesdays are the day that I
always try to make dinner and remember I
try to double it and put one in the
freezer someone show you guys what I
made it today I chose to make sloppy
joes so here's the freezer one
so probably my favorite part of the day
was playing with Caleb what did we do
buddy
not the wrong number snow moves we built
up block towers and then we videoed
knocking him over in slow motion we
watched him over and over and over again
it was sort of fun Jeremy and I got to
both play with halo Fett just like never
happens like just us alone with one kid
and what are you making funny faces
about I'm not trying to talk to the
camera and he's over here I have an itch
right under my nose oh no no no it's
like in the nostril
Kendra's cuttin onions hi guys
that's strong those are strong another
one - so it's cloudy and rainy out today
and it has been all day long and I'm
just really dragging and I noticed for
myself the weather definitely does
affect my mood does the weather affect
you guys is made yeah oh your hair did
you get rain on your hair today
you sure did when we went outside huh
she was very concerned when outside rain
head anyway does the weather affect your
mood when it's bright and sunny I just
tend to feel more effective and more
productive and it's cold when it's cold
and rainy I just want to cuddle up and
sleep and snuggle all day long you wanna
do that boo somebody else's time so I
was just placing my order for my next
freezer meal group and I was trying to
decide if I should order bate
chimichangas or chicken pot pie I have
to choose which one of those two I want
to order so I'm thinking about that and
I came out to the kitchen and look what
I saw all of my kiddos are sitting here
coloring super nicely or eating colored
pencils super nicely hi hi Chris - hi
and Lacey's coloring and Isaac I think
created his own project over here he's
working on what are you working on
horses cursive can we see it mm-hmm
teaching himself cursive he wrote the
letters on this side and then he's
practicing him over there he's following
this and Caleb is busy at work
yippee jokes laughs laughing yeah
hey Isaac was working on a headstand and
he flopped like flat on his back so I
was showing and how to roll out of it so
daddy's gonna show us how to get out of
headstand if you guys have ever wondered
where caleb gets any of his treats it's
from this man
all right mom's turn uh let's see yes
you should see what I can do his cart
rolls boom dupa he did okay
really don't hurt yourself just as a
side note she's going for it she got the
lake cake you rolled though there we go
Oh quite see there's there's a finesse
you want to not make it new ideas quiet
oh she's doing it her little faces
really keep dead there we get scored a
home run yep we're in the ninth inning
the Royals we're down by one and we just
hit a home run in the ninth inning so
it's four to four hopefully this game
doesn't go all night all right my
friends were in the 12th inning
fourteenth inning past midnight
we're going strong Kendra's site Royals
this is it I have a feeling this is it
we won Game one and we cannot anti
baseball its 14 innings is a bit much
yeah you think well we're gonna go to
bed
Jay house out my friends Jay house out
