so it's been super annoying our main
light in our main front room has been
out for several days has it even been a
couple weeks first I was like oh the
light bulbs just blown out but Jeremy
had just replaced him with new
long-lasting LED light bulbs and there's
a bunch of men there so like they didn't
all burn out at the same time he
literally sat with my whole family in
darkness last night as the light in here
didn't work we brought our bedroom lamp
out so that we would have some light and
Jeremy just got out the ladder I was
like okay I'm gonna switch out the
lights he's gonna troubleshoot so I took
out a light bulb to test it and I was
like I bet somebody just pulled on the
chain the trees and the trees let there
be light
I'm so proud of you babe you're a genius
thanks pop you're out spoiling it
that's pretty gross cubby how old am I
23 Oh Mary good how old is mommy 22 hey
do you know how old I am give it a guess
how old do you think he is mighty money
21 younger than your mommy is yesterday
Laura mom 32 and papi rod 6 oh I think
we're gonna stick to Caleb's counting
yeah we're gonna go do we're gonna go do
something fun we're gonna take the kids
some money you guys don't know yet right
we're gonna go bowling
thumbs up me to know you excited
I tried a ball like a foreperson I can
terribly so I always resort to the
grainy bullying well you're like good
doing it so here it is I got the camera
I got it strike cottager I got it it
went flying up and I caught it hopefully
it still works
recording yes Oh try give yourself
credit Jeremy was a great
give it a real good push
all right I just got one left I'm going
to get it all right Laura Laura is gonna
help papi rod on this next row yeah
she's ready
good job the kids are loving this we're
gonna have to do it again ready even a
long time sitting how about bowling as a
family what does your family like to be
together for fun we'd love to hear in
the comments below yeah that's what
songs on with No
what's gorgeous out is just a beautiful
fall day and honestly we've just had
such a lovely weekend it was so nice to
be able to spend time with Jeremy's
parents and it's so much for the kids to
be around their grandparents like you
know Lisa's reading them books and
Isaac's playing catch with them and it's
just so fun to see those relationships
blossoming and it makes me just really
sad that we live so far away it really
makes me think like should we be
considering moving like should we move
and live closer to the grandparents and
anyway it's something to really think
about but anyway we're getting ready and
gearing up to say goodbye all right say
goodbye oh I love you buddy
he's good seeing you okay come see me
down Arizona for Christmas okay love you
so Lisi and I just got back from ballet
and tap and I was surprised so I walked
in that it was parent watch week
apparently I need to read those parent
emails a little closer but I didn't even
have the camera with me but I was able
to get a few clips on my phone it was so
fun to watch her dance she is just you
can just see the joy just like radiates
on her face mmm yeah he's so fun it was
so fun so she does ballet and tap right
now and I think she's going to get
moving up to doing some jazz as well in
the spring like next easy teal glitter
in your hair yeah I put the rest of my
hair fun is it time for tap now yep now
we're home and we're doing some quiet
time and Lisi and I are starting on her
new set of books we've been reading
through Bob books and she finished
collection one and now we are starting
collection do love when Jeremy is home
to help me teach it is just so nice like
there's extra hands but also sing the
way that he teaches the kids different
thing like I just love it
it's called fly okay so we know it's not
going to be in column one and two those
are gonzo it's not going to be in column
four and five
okay so now we're trying to figure out
which word of these words he's such a
natural teacher I love it three which
word is it ha ha that's
oh it's 100 so you're all wet now I
think so look at this Thursday you a
leaf person more is just like what are
you guys doing
what's going on you like hey you got it
Caleb all right it's leftover night
we're having leftover chicken Tuscan
soup and rolls tender was saying little
Laura looks like Mary thank you you're
mouthing look at her that's how she keep
yeah she likes the double towel can you
say Jake you say Jay house out ah
sage a house out she's like that's what
that means
oh oh P did she pee
you
