one two three
wrist dancing this morning sure Lori you
shaking your booty so I was in getting
Laura her clothes he came out in found
Caleb with this on his head
buddy the funny thing about this is this
isn't the first time you've gotten a
toilet thing stuck on your head before
do you remember doing this before oh
yeah we were out camping with our
friends cubby that's where people pee
and poo that's a potty thing don't stick
it on your head stuck on his head it's
actually stuck okay you can't get it off
fun okay so we don't stick our head and
things that people put their bums on
okay see if you can rip it off the last
little bit every time I take out the
trash Caleb really wants to help I had
them help me a couple times really and
he's kind of taken ownership of taking
out the trash
it's really cute so it's obviously not
as easy to have them help but it's more
fun
good morning we have been cleaning house
this morning and now we are getting our
schoolwork started you're starting with
a flash card game but you find curtain
curtain doesn't have a proper down um
yeah I can't think of a proper hand that
goes with it okay ready county what'd
you find watch what watch
look what letter is this yo are you
kidding
it is a WP go get minimun alright
because we see how'd you find hey what
does it say Oh nailed it will we just
finish reading this book it's called the
little yellow leaf it's by Karen Berger
and it talks about this little leaf
that's clinging to a tree in the fall
it's nervous it doesn't want to let go
and so after we read that book we came
out here and we're watching the leaves
fall in our yard and we're talking about
how a leaf might feel and we're talking
about adjectives that a leaf might feel
and then we talked about verbs that
describe how the leaves are moving that
we see in the trees and anyway we're
really having a wonderful time on my
head and hands and my dragon why look
there's one fluttering down it's not a
maple leaf Spinney encircled Dan yeah
like they wanted to float it what are we
making for dessert tonight uh they're a
different color our brownies we're gonna
mix these two up so I only look like a
different kind of brown now I'd remember
the name of it I know can't kill me yeah
it's called rookies rookies
all right good job team
the brookies are ready to go in i gotta
keep them away from Laura all right we
have grateful raspberries today as part
of their lunch so let's hear what the
kids are grateful for raspberries your
great popper raspberry that's a good one
what do you thanks you're grateful for
your breakfast and your uncle brain I'm
grateful for animals I'm grateful for
Browns we made all right guys well this
afternoon we are filming a new challenge
it's the talk behind the blanket
challenge they're all excited so what do
you think you're doing this challenge
has hot Michael and tuck going on one
side of the blanket and I don't get my
own even be funny well well there's
absolutely so we're explaining to the
kids all the rules of this challenge is
a little bit complicated like not to
plug your ears and make noise and
understanding
me there's no one else I'd rather be
Oh sing out your yeah ready we're
gonna start the challenge one two three
so we're so excited my parents are in
town for the weekend
Nelson fun is challenge I ever had I
think
so what did you think of that challenge
um it wasn't even a challenge I think
it's even funner
yeah it's even better than it
yeah did you know they were coming
no how did they come friend yeah they
came on an airplane your song yeah so
the cousins are over obviously having
fun
all right well we are having taco rice
bowls for dinner tonight so I just made
a whole bunch of rice and my trusty rice
cooker and then I did some ground beef
with some beans and onions in it and
then we've just got the toppings cheese
lettuce green peppers cucumber avocado
cilantro tomato salsa and sour cream and
then some fruit and ice water so that's
what's for dinner tonight it was a lot
of chopping I was really glad Jeremy's
dad was here with me in the kitchen and
Caleb was with us and we just chop chop
chop so anyway there's raspberries in
here Cruz they are big grapes but
there's raspberries in there I'm
grateful for my parents so miss Laura
does not know what to do with these
grandparents so she keeps glaring like I
guess like this Oh what to do with you
just playing hard to get how are the
boys doing we go to my one if we win
this we go to the World Series yes
DejaVu carefully what are you doing
doing here you for fun for fun let's see
it is this a French braid I would have
never thought you could do that with
such short hair yeah look at aunt
Michelle she knows all the tricks do you
like it see how pretty is everybody
getting French braids so Michaela is
French braiding greeny Joe's hair and
she's already got one in Michelle's got
one very nice and Ally's up next rate
yours you guys watching the Royals game
as they are Morris Lawrence and - whoa
whoa
yeah all right can you guys give me a
Jay house out oh you got one
did it get away like I can't believe how
fast one just came up and tried to get
it
