I wanted to share something a little bit
more personal to you guys today I
struggle with anxiety and depression
it's not something that I've ever been
medicated for but it is something that
I've gone to counseling about is
something that I've read a lot of things
about and there's something that I'm
very aware of in my life on a day-to-day
basis and it's it's a challenge for me
and I feel a little bit self-conscious
telling you guys this because you've
seen my life and you see how beautiful
it is I have a very blessed life but
that doesn't mean that there aren't
pieces of it that are really hard for me
to cope with and what I find happens is
I let the pressures of life in and I get
overwhelmed and when I get too
overwhelmed I fall into anxiety and then
when I stay in anxiety too long and
don't do what I need to do to get out of
anxiety then I fall into a depression
and I have struggled with that
especially the last couple days I've
just been feeling really down I'm trying
to do the things that I know can uplift
and encourage me which is turning off
some technology getting outside taking
nice warm baths having some time alone
in the evenings having a couple time
with Jeremy you know getting into the
scriptures of praying and reading things
that are uplifting and encouraging to me
in that way journaling talking to people
that I trust about my feelings those are
the things that help me cope and it's
just a matter of remembering to do those
things and getting back in the good
habits and good patterns and getting
enough sleep eating good those are all
the things that help me pull out of it I
just when life gets overwhelming and I
feel too much pressure and I let too
much pressure in sometimes I just
crumble and I call it paralysis I just
end up so overwhelmed and feeling such
anxiety about things that I essentially
do nothing and I don't kind of know
where to go from there in me I'm
rambling and I just wanted you guys to
know that that's something that happens
in my life and on days like today where
I'm feeling lower it can be hard for me
to vlog because I don't know what to say
I don't know how to share my life when I
feel like I'm kind of barely holding it
together on Sundays and so I just wanted
to be honest and let you guys know what
was going on and anyway I'm sure that
some of you struggle with these feelings
at times as well
I am I just want you to know that you're
not alone and remind myself that I'm not
alone so I would love to hear what you
guys do to cope with feelings of
discouragement when you feel anxious or
depressed it really can be hard to get
out of those cycles and anyway thanks
for letting me share that little piece
of my life with you and I don't want you
guys to worry about me I'm just fine
this is just a piece of my life that's
been there for years and I just it it
comes and goes and I it's just something
I really have to be careful with and
take care of myself about and so that's
what I'm going to do right now I am
going to go outside we are having a
beautiful fall day and I'm going to
spend time with my kids out in nature
and then I made us a healthy dinner
tonight we are having a spinach
enchiladas that looks delicious and some
watermelon and then tonight this is a
very short vlog so that Jeremy can have
time to be with me and so we're going to
spend some time together and it just
always helps me to be able to really
talk to him and get things off my chest
and I mean I hope that you guys are
having a beautiful day and thanks for
listening and we'll be back with a
regular vlog tomorrow JSF a man you got
you're playing with your cousin yeah I'm
King and he's bread cubby the king
you
