can't live with days to me
breakfast yeah are you stealing daddy's
presents
yeah go put them back with you go happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear
daddy happy daddy alright we're ready
for present and let me tell you we
spared no expense here the kids got to
pick out their own presents for their
dad and I loved how thoughtful they were
so they get to give them to him you
excited yeah goodness ahead you guys did
all right heavy go get him your present
yes Oh what sitting on it you wrap it so
cutely I needed a crescent wrench Thank
You Blanche oh yeah I love it that was
such a good choice Oh Jonny or yours say
happy birthday thank you go to daddy say
happy birthday daddy
oh it's to me not for mommy for daddy
happy birthday
to give it to Daddy give it to you wish
you'll give it to me did you get to
Daddy
why don't we skip Moroz right now I'll
just get somebody else's prison
all right ladies turn you can old - Oh
what did you give you nachos did you
take another one of my presents is it
nice Christmas is gonna be a little bit
different mystery that settlements she's
decided she wants that chill - did you
do a J house yeah hey I need another
pair of glasses that's exactly I just
said that today I was driving I was like
where is some Chung glasses yeah it
actually kinda fits me I finally can and
they fit Isaac if he needs them -
perfect good job dog ah you got me the
dental floss errs my favorite kind there
should be something else in that bag
unless Laura confiscated it did she took
out the good thing and like glosses is
there nothing else in the bag it was a
Snickers bar a candy bar
yes it's the gallic anyone anymore Laura
did you take care of these candy bar
maybe yes she's like I don't know well
we'll have to find it so the candy bar
that went missing is a Snickers that's
my favorite kind of candy bar
my second a close second is payday so I
really like those peanut focused candy
bars how about you guys let us know in
the comments below what's your favorite
kind of candy or uh you in the corner um
I like Twix but I also love M&Ms and
really any dark chocolate okay I just
like - it's true do you guys have a
favorite candy bar
peanut butter and chocolate mm-hmm yeah
those are good
Snickers mouth way all right well I'm
gonna make Jeremy's favorite cake it's
called pistachio cake and we have it
year on his birthday I'll try to
remember to post this recipe over on our
Facebook page of you're interested in it
you can really make it with like any
flavor of pudding and it's just really
moist and delicious that's what Jeremy
loves about it but here's the
ingredients guys will help me the kids
are writing thank-you cards
- hi V for their garden cooking classes
that are finishing up well my friends I
am 33 years old that's crazy to my mind
because I still feel like a kid and it's
just crazy how that happens as you get
older like often I talked to Kim I'm
like wait we have kids we have a house I
have a job you know it just all happened
so fast and birthdays are a time to look
back on this last year and to reflect
and to look back on my life and the
truth is is I feel so content I just
feel like a lucky blessed person and but
at the same time I'm really excited
about what's ahead and more than
anything you know I think of where I'm
at in life but Who am I my character and
what do I want to become and you know
I've fall short in so many ways I'm
excited to try this next year to be more
selfless and to be more giving and and
to become a better person and so that's
what we have coming ahead and it's
exciting that we get to bring you alone
for the ride a man you got your plane
with your cousin yeah I'm King and we
spread cubby the king
Oh out nice
so bright Michelle and their family came
over for my birthday dinner and they
made this fruit dip and so I mean we're
doing barbecue pulled pork sandwiches
and chips
Ross I rats yeah store I'm a store of
things I did not write it down
apartment gala same things I did a
little incense of my boggle games I have
a little bit of a problem I'm kind of a
competitive person boggle kinda gets my
blood pumping so the funny thing about
Jeremy is at least half these words like
aren't really words tell me that is I
really about it spelling like really
this is great they're very clean
now good night guys it was so scary
Laura just fall really hard on her head
and she wasn't breathing and she finally
took a breath but then she started her
eyes like rolled back like she was gonna
pass out yeah she she passed out I
thought she was having a seizure
