her eyes like rolled back like she was
gonna pass out yeah she she passed out I
thought she was having a seizure good
morning I am aware that I look amazing
and you were all probably incredibly
intimidated by my good looks this
morning um I was up from like 12 o'clock
until like 2:45 with Laura last night
she just wouldn't sleep which is why her
favorite show is on right now and some
mornings I wake up and I'm just like
amazed like how did my body do this
overnight like that's practically
amazing so I had a hearing this morning
and then I'm just here with the kids
helping out during lunch time so some
days I just hate social media yeah it's
so hard for me to communicate my
thoughts and my feelings into like these
small snippets of words and phrases and
sometimes I feel like I'm putting myself
ah I'm trying to express myself and it
is shut up working yeah hey oh I will
Isaac can you show mommy sad
you saw ah ha
good job good job I was going to do a
worksheet where Isaac had to like write
a list of the ones that were not a noun
and the ones that are announced but this
sounded like way more fun
so we labeled a laundry basket here's
not a noun and here's the noun and I'm
gonna give you a word and you're gonna
make a shot you ready
toothpaste wiper Isaac so Kendra has
started playing 20 questions with the
kids it's helping them with like their
deductive logic and we're in the middle
of a heated game right now they're
getting pretty close I thought you guys
might want to watch this ending so we
know that it's in the kitchen that it's
a noun and it's not related to cooking
and it's not my laptop it's something on
the counters over there and we can see
it yes I see it on the box that we got
from the man
so what sauce in a brown box the brown
box yes it is yay it's the box we got in
the mail what do you think it is oh the
one on the counter
ah nailed it
wants to see the man me all right let's
do it
hey you guys can each open on Omar's
like what change approval real quick
let's pause you guys see what's on the
back of this letter yay
just kidding okay back to the mail all
right mine is from Olivia she's from
Oklahoma a squeeze letter we are excited
to come and read it Thank You Olivia
it's got parts for each foot this one's
from Rihanna and she is in Topeka Kansas
and leecy she sent a best friend
bracelet and she sent a note for each of
the kids Isaac who's is yours from I'm
someone named Tyler Tyler where's Tyler
from Minneapolis Minnesota yours is from
Jillian and she's from Pennsylvania was
she's 10 years old
Lloris is from snowflake Arizona women
Arizona for guys yeah like there's a
place that's knows and there's he's
joking all right this is from a girl
named Alison this one is from Jesse from
Illinois and it says J house vlogs
Kendra you alright seriously she's just
choking you okay
so it's J house vlogs Kendra the back of
his overflowing but I feel drained how
to defeat mommy stress mmm that sounds a
bit applicable all right guys the box is
from
open first we have yes I did before my
to and banana is the new flavor
okay wait there's more yeah IQ Chinese
dried plums let's eat guys excited to
try a okay guys this is from two sisters
named Priscilla and keziah
it's Kezi aah oh I've seen comments from
them what's I know how do you pronounce
it
I don't know sorry they are seriously so
excited this is like Christmas thank you
so much for thinking of us this is
awesome we love having all of you be
part of our family so thank you thank
you thank you thank you thank you
they don't want to eat you and then the
Royals game is just beginning
and we just scored that's right you guys
it was so scary Gloria just fell really
hard on her head and she wasn't
breathing and she finally took a breath
but then she started her eyes like
rolled back like she was gonna pass out
yeah she she passed out I thought she
was having a seizure anyway she's been
really upset so we called the nurses
like who did you call Kendra no they
said she should come and just make sure
she's not like bleeding internally it's
just scary hopefully everything's okay
she's acting like herself which is the
only thing kind of making me feel calm
right now so we're just gonna take her
in however evaluated hopefully that I'll
just call my nerves and scary guys you
know what happened to you Oh fall did
you hit your head
you hit your head what girl okay so a
nurse came out right away when I told
him that she had a fall and asked me if
you know how far the fall was where she
felled and they asked if there was any
vomiting or loss of consciousness and I
said yes there was loss of consciousness
um she was startled and anyway they got
us right back so I think we're gonna be
seen by somebody soon yeah are you
watching a show right well I'm relieved
they checked her ears her eyes and her
head and her neck and her shoulders and
everything looks fine which again like
she was acting finally brought her in
but sometimes those are injuries that
you can't pick up right away and so it's
really reassuring to know that that's
okay they think that she passed out from
a breath-holding spell essentially she
was screaming so much that she was
holding her breath and not breathing and
that that's why she passed out and so
anyway I'm really grateful that she's
doing okay I just love this little girl
so much even these little minor things
that were experiencing I mean it's not
like we've had huge catastrophes and
it's still hard as a parent to see them
suffering in any way so anyway my heart
goes out to all the parents that are
dealing with chronically sick children
and children that are in really serious
condition so I'm just starving for all
those families to me and feeling
grateful for my little girl okay again
what again again you want to watch a
show again okay I can get another shows
coming on can you say J house out Oh out
mm-hmm here's your doll can we like get
on you
sleep tight little girl I love you
