so the kids have been on several
missions this morning I know they
defeated a bear and alien and a mountain
lion and I'm not sure who's a mountain
beast anyway I'm not exactly sure who's
up next
is it hard to walk with all your stuff
in your pockets this little girl's been
super fussy this morning and she was up
a lot last night so I'm thinking she
might be getting sick hi are you okay is
that you tell me all right so I'm
turning on Laura's favorite show to
distract her which we don't do very
often but she's cranky today and then
the big kids asked if we could play game
for chores and so that's all we're gonna
do I've got dice and we're each gonna
roll a dice and that means we have to
fold that many pieces of clothes and
then run over to the dishwasher and
unload that many items from the
dishwasher we played this game before
and I thought it was sweet as I was
saying okay guys we got to do the
laundry you do the dishwasher they were
like hey let's play that game again so
you know it makes it more fun
the kids just went outside to play for a
minute and they're playing Noah's Ark I
think it's really cute anyway I'm just
looking out at them and I'm feeling kind
of bad this morning I feel like fall is
one of my favorite seasons and I love
all the adventures with the fall I've
been feeling also really drained
personally and all of those activities
they take a lot of energy you know
making those Halloween sugar fees with
the kids and getting the Halloween
costumes ready and so I'm trying to like
conserve my energy anyway
Caleb and Laura the dynamic of those two
when I go someplace really is a lot for
me to handle right now and so I'm not
doing as much with them this season as I
would usually like to and I'm like oh
they're only little once I want them to
make all of these things and have all
these adventures every year but anyway
it's just a hard balance I want to give
my kids everything in the world and wow
there's a really big spider the truth is
that by sometimes trying to give them
everything in the world I take away the
one thing that they need most which is a
sane mother so anyway those are saying I
thought what are you two doing you guys
I love fall our tree here is changing
colors we were just out here visiting
and he was admiring the tree and I love
that about him like he notices sunsets
and clouds and trees like I love that he
notices it oh yeah you sure are there's
our tree it's always an event in our
house when Laura's getting medicine
little bit
they love that Laura's talking that was
so sad like I said she's been fussy all
morning and then at lunch she was like
hurt hurt hurt and then it's either
teeth or ears I'm not sure which one but
she's not well there it is in my own you
make a big smile for daddy huh yeah
let's take you shut up so you can make
some fun noises alright what did you
guys ask for on your bread I was just
gonna put butter on it and they were
like no they got all excited there's my
mom use that rose petal Jam from Spain
so we are still enjoying it do you only
have one binky we have one big guys this
is an immersion Red Alert red alert
Fiji search find a binky no and then we
randomly have a pile of like 10 min jeez
and then the next moment we're searching
for binky
so problem arose I'll find them in
cupboards like I'll be cleaning the
bowls and it's like there's three
binky's cuz she just went plop them in
there Oh use your pinky it's your dog
sleep tight little girl I love you I can
do high or low I can do it
OSHA's ferocious means angry and scary
and mad does that look ferocious to you
I'm saying watch a ferocious
it's a ferocious process so it's like
fur like a ferocious I'm taking that
it's math time over here he's has her
workbook out and Isaac made his own
multiplication table and now he's
working on some division word problems
and caleb is punching holes forgiving me
the things I need some of the rain than
the Apple see the lords so I got a
question for you why do you watch vlogs
Kendra and I have been talking about
this today because one of our good
friends at chicks life made a video on
this topic really well done super
interesting if you like family vlogs
you'll recognize a lot of faces so you
should check it out we'll put it in a
link right here I just remember when I
first saw a family vlog I was really
confused why anyone would watch it it
was just like a home video and I was
like why are a million people watching
this and we actually made a video about
that it was our first video we shot for
this channel was how when you get into
vlogging you start to build that
relationship with people and you can
have interaction with them and it can be
inspiring but we'd love to hear from you
you know we've been doing this now over
a year why do you watch J house vlogs
when I'm editing through at the end of
the day it can be hard to pick and
choose like what to put in or not to put
in and so I'd love your feedback like
what is it that you most love to see is
it more of the kids in their cuteness or
more of Kendra showing your home school
stuff or
you know inspiring mothering advice or
just family times together and playing -
no in the comments below we would really
appreciate your feedback sometimes I'm
so quick to want to just put on a movie
for the kids and Kendra's always a
resistant to that because she wants to
be in here teaching maybe cuz that's
fine in grandma attic I read this as a
child and I absolutely loved it so I
found it a thrift store I'm excited to
read it to the kids the toast trash okay
