sometimes we forget to nurture our
marriage and then we get grumpy and
snippy at each other
and we argue that we argue like normal
people
I think they're excited we had a girl
from store with me we just have a few
things to pick up not many as your
cookie how's your cookie
good today we help the grandma for a
card away how did you feel about that
good yeah what did you like about it
there's so much you know so so often I'm
so wrapped up in my own world and what's
going on in my life and today we were
leaving the grocery store and Caleb and
Laura had both been kind of fussy in the
checkout and so I was trying to distract
them and load of the groceries and put
our card away in when I
so you got chocolate mint no what do you
think of that so it's been really funny
to see how distracted everybody is by my
hair today like Jeremy came home for
lunch and he was just like looking at me
this morning when you came out it was
like what you everyone stopped they just
like stared apparently I need to do more
creative things with my hair more often
because the whole family's just
speechless
anyway it's exciting um so the way you
do it is you make a ponytail at the top
of your head and bring the front of the
ponytail down and then you kind of poof
up this part and so this is the bottom
of my hair obviously we do anyway this
is the beginning of Kendra's fashionista
yeah beginnings right here got a long
way to go so I think the best part of my
day yesterday was Laura woke up at like
midnight or 1:00 a.m. and I was still
editing the vlog and Kendra came out and
she just said let's hold our baby
together something like that and we just
lay here for like 15 minutes while she
drank her little bottle she doesn't
normally wake up at that time but it was
the most precious little moment just let
this girl and on my mind I'm thinking
about the knife Noel's having their
little baby Britt's in labor right now
and I'm thinking about their hashtag
baby blah blah blah and I don't know
what the name of their baby is but
Justin here I mean it's probably three
syllables right like it was a two
syllable name would be hashtag baby blah
blah it would be one syllable name of
the hashtag baby blah so I'm trying to
think of three syllable name I don't
think that's the case the names are they
like the same Oh like maybe there's a
middle you know first middle and last no
no like Sam and John oh yeah
I don't know la blah blah oh that was my
theory three syllable theory yeah we're
super excited it's fun to see both Missy
and Britt having their babies Hey makes
me I'm gonna get it done okay show you
guys this closer
you see ya dad and this is really cool
there's the sky and this just broke I
can fix it now
so Caleb fell asleep in the car on the
way here which means he wants to be held
which means I get to do this double duty
set up I'm just grateful yet to cycle
though and my arms are a little tired
already
Lacey how is school good good
Isaac built the coolest thing today show
us dude I just throw it like measures
the speed of wind so after school today
we came to this gorgeous park it's nice
and shady with loads of stuff for the
things yeah it's nice and shady with
loads of stuff for the kids to climb and
play on there's climbing rocks and we're
also up against some water it's really
pretty
mr. Caleb what did you find Akala Tiger
algebra hell for a pet it's too early
put in your hand so it's safe Rachel
shall I turn what happened this was a
more come up Forks helpful - what are
you okay yeah I'm okay I can put it back
- you know we're going to force him to
retire the chair now he comes to sit
down and there's a surprise I've sat on
it for a while and I've sat on this like
this morning i sat there and last night
I sat here and I sat on it for lunch and
it was on your lap yeah so it just yeah
so I've been putting on a little weight
okay I have I've gained like four or
five pounds and that four five pounds is
a barely enough difference by the way I
really liked my hair this morning but I
feel like as the day is going on it's
like deteriorating I think I mean it
just weird
grateful raspberries Laura what are you
grateful for him okay first state she's
grateful for a mad scientist grateful
for my senses your sense is that was a
very deep for seeing hearing and
touching Oh and eating rest I guess so
I'm grateful for a part great one
doesn't good work what are you grateful
for I'm grateful for family fairy tales
mmm that is funny sighs so much more
adventurous
hey Isaac what are you grateful for him
that we have a vlog oh you like Logan I
am grateful for the caterpillar
caleb played at the park today it just
brought me joy to see him running around
the catheter oh and Jimmy does I'm
interested and me how's the team for
gaming I'm grateful for Kendra 2-under
she's great I am grateful for functional
chairs you're probably sitting on a
chair right now as you're watching this
my workload this last week and obviously
I've had some chair problems and how
graded is that we normally have really
comfy chairs to sit in we're lucky chair
dude what are you doing
I here got a little messy one you just
can't take it off all right well we'll
keep working on table manners you want
yours off too
yeah shirts what's up girlfriend oh oh
did you just go potty
yeah Duggar a fella got busy he got busy
uh are diarchy a building uh Archie
Archie children of the Lord did you
learn that today mm not all of the parts
okay you know all the annals King - Mike
- awesome
what'd you do with this truck
goes Laura to be alright so something
that's been going on in our real life is
we've been super busy and when life gets
physically and emotionally exhausting
sometimes we forget to nurture our
marriage and then we get grumpy and
snippy at each other and we argue we
argue like normal people so we've been
struggling the last couple days like
just feeling really drained and distance
from each other yeah lunch today we were
talking about it and we were having a
good discussion but we still had
feelings I think from things that have
happened through the week and so we left
on kind of a frustrated note and Kendra
was the regular person today she sent me
a text that said this says ten things I
love about Jeremy's I just did 10 P 10
things and then I said 10 things I love
about her I totally didn't expect you to
do and I didn't send that thinking you
do that anyway I just change like a
simple thing like that like softens your
heart and gets you more in a place of
just saying I love you let's keep
working on this and change takes a lot
of work but it is worth it and it is
beautiful and now feel it needs us
parenting takes a lot of mentioning
things that take a lot of work here is
Caleb would you make the robot yes but
first I need yes and then cover up that
I know he's hard at work okay guys I am
heading out to a meeting tonight and
before I left look what we discovered
17,000 you guys we hit 17,000
subscribers thank you so much thank you
we're so glad you're here and what he's
going to do a 17,000 subscriber
headstand
whoa Thank You subscribers thank you
describe gay and another one whoa you
okay good
where oh I want to bring the camera
