you wouldn't mind a strawberry a
strawberry and what else I can't back
yes good fine you're getting it Betty
nice one
you can get that little strawberry
do you love it okay so today they made
veggie pizzas so that might already know
that's okay I'm glad you're liking it we
just got home from the park the kids are
making paper airplanes and Jeremy is
home for lunch
and we are making the kids cheese crisps
and I'm putting up apples the reason
this is significant is because a couple
blocks ago we asked you guys what your
favorite Apple was because we were taste
testing some different varieties and by
far the most popular one was a Honey
Crisp apple sure everybody I mean it was
like 75% percent so I had to buy some
Honey Crisp apples I totally just snuck
one they're both Honey Crisp I totally
just snuck one this is amazing you guys
are smart people it's good it's so crisp
it's also really sweet guys Taste of
Honey Crisp Apple Miller you got your
cut now you can have an apple she just
wants ice anybody where you were
wondering Laura's obsession with ice is
on so thank you so much for this
recommendation these are good and you
haven't tried on A+ Apple go don't do it
okay so here's their lunch today I have
green peppers from gardening class they
picked these green peppers and then
there's cheese crisps and Honey Crisp
apples you guys are quite a crispy lunch
today mm-hmm
you guys call him cheese crisps or
quesadillas because I grew up with
cheese crisps but like that's all I ever
called them and I was at least 15 when
was like quesadillas where does he fit
villas you know okay all of you this is
embarrassing my family called them
cheese things now we are loading up
where are you going miss alline
whoo can you show us a ballet move not
really
oh very nice bye-bye okay Cody had a
fight
so the fountain down here is turned blue
in honor of the Royals right now so
we're going up to see it we have a
second between valet drop-off and piano
there it is it's just blue buddy it's
just a nice dark blue jump I grant you
it's actually good it is really good
what's it for Roy
I love how much team spirit our
community has whether the Royals are
winning or losing we're proud supporters
and I love that about Kansas City the
wind changed and the fountain was giving
us all wet so we got out of there fast
so we're walking back to our car and
hear the cheering for the Royals and I
Collison there were like a huge eruption
from one of the like Bar and Grill
places where they're watching and then
the chanting like let's go Royals I just
love it you know start again you don't
have to be perfect so when you're
playing it too wet and you mess up you
keep going because the other person
keeps going okay okay one two three
and now after dropping off Isaac we're
heading back in to pick up the lease
Monday's are kind of busy but I love
seeing the kids be involved in so many
things that they enjoy and building
their talents and making great
friendships and then I love that the
other days we get to hang out a lot more
we're just waiting for a lease to finish
up and there's this nice big space to
play in to kids are liking that easy
how is good good good which was your
favorite Valliere tap what do says are
really cool right long we are back from
all of our crazy errands and the kids
are doing all sorts of different things
Isaac is working on his timeline
notebook and putting in some information
about Samuel Clemens Caleb is doing a
color by number activity Elyse is doing
a rhyming worksheet and Laura what are
you coloring about oh do you need some
these Laura who is this Laura Eva it's
Mickey Mouse they're all doing their
different activities and I am over here
getting dinner going it's a new recipe
from freezer group that I haven't tried
before it's called Italian sub soup
dinner is done and honestly I'm kind of
crossing my fingers that the kids eat it
they don't love pepperoni and so
hopefully they go for this soup whoa
this is I was just reaching for the
camera and the chair like you're barely
a chair yeah how you feeling about that
it was like yeah we'll go back so in our
last three years of doing freezer meals
we've only had one other meal that was
pretty much inedible so this doesn't
happen very often but when it does it's
such a bummer and anyway there's piece
of me that's like should I even try dr.
Ian up and changing it no maybe I'll
just end up with more soup that the kids
won't okay I was able to reassemble the
chairs
so it's just only gotten worse I hurt
myself I
smelted a spatula pot of pasta boil over
I'm trying to create some new soup and
in the middle of all that more is
screaming just screaming and I'm like
what do you need I look at her and she's
rolling her arms and anyway least he
figured out all she wanted was for us to
sing our wheels on the bus so she was
just like standing in the motor room
like crying and then everybody started
singing yields on the bus and be beefy
yeah I've also been really impressed
with our kids they've been like so sad
for you or like no I'm really sorry and
they like came over and gave your hugs
and stuff so today have been really
sweet Isaac came over and gave me a hug
and he said mom I'm sorry and I worked
really hard on that dinner you must be
disappointed so that is really sweet you
know it's not a big of a deal the kids
ate yogurt it's all gonna be fine you
shouldn't break a chair you will
forehead
good job big girl
I guess we will be doing Beth's tonight
EDD and Lobos done
can I dance out no smile dad did all
that you won't even smile smile Hey
