well on the drive home we saw someone
with a head a sign up that they were
homeless on the way home and about Oh
months ago we prepared little kits to
keep in the car or homeless kits to give
to people
well good morning Kendra is off at
freezer group so she's making freezer
meals for next month the kids are
helping me out with some chores we're
trying to get all that done before mom
comes home so the house is clean and
ready to go so we're listening to some
of our favorite music and working
together
so I just got back from freezer group I
think I got like eight new meals yummy
what are some of the meals there's a
creamy spinach enchiladas that we
haven't tried before in an Italian sub
soup that looks really good so and then
a bunch of regular ones that we've had
before
well the kitchen glad to see you to be
chilly it's nice to come home to snuggle
since I'm home with them all the time I
don't usually get this feeling of like
being away coming back I think they're
happy to see me or they're just watching
my show so through our entire marriage
we've gotten wheat bread and I think
I've eaten weep right even since I was
like 13 or 14 on but I grew up on a
white bread like the cheap salt white
bread and Kendra had to get white bread
for some recipe I love it white bread is
so good
but we never get it cuz it's not as
healthy but it's so soft and yummy what
kind of bread do you guys prefer yeah
you threw it on the floor Laura did you
put your food on the ground yes say
sorry peeps peeps so I was sitting down
to eaten caleb has something he wants to
say to all of you if you guys want to
come here come here for handstand
practice he's gonna teach em and if you
want if you don't know how to do a
headstand and you want to learn you can
come here and Caleb will teach you and
even if you want to do what parents I'm
trying really hard to relax and not
stress taking like slow deep breaths and
but I'm still figuring out the clothes
there's a pile of clothes here and shoes
so you don't just go like this for the
family got it super helpful so all the
boys were gone at the football game I
got a package from a good friend her
name is Lindsey and I met her through
YouTube and this package it just came at
just the right time and it just made me
so happy I actually like opened it up
and read the note on the couch just like
tearing up just it's so sweet when you
have such wonderful friends and
I understand you so well and they
connect with you and this package she
knows me really well guys check it out
okay so I got a coloring book how
beautiful that is
you like it cubby yeah then she sent
this children's book which is a classic
that we have ironically never read a
lush bath bomb which I've never tried a
genuine lush one I've heard of them but
I was reading the ingredients I has
seaweed in it like that you can you can
see I was like what is that and it
smells amazing the whole package when I
opened up the fact I was like what
smells so good okay then she sent a
prayer journal and I have not tried
using a prayer journal before but I was
looking through it I'm so excited to try
this she had told me about what a
blessing has been in her life so this
one is chocolate every good care package
was chocolatey - two hours until family
pictures was just look so mr. Caleb does
not want to go outside they he wants to
stay in here hang out with mom yeah you
helping me get ready yeah so I'm
blow-drying and he's brushing my hair
and I had to just get the water and show
you guys what he was up to
all right oh that's not the arm boom
there we go McDonald Potiphar
yeah yeah so we're headed down to get
our pictures we're all in the car and
dressed and Laura was freaking out so we
sang Old MacDonald had a duck with a
quack quack there here a quack there a
quack everywhere a quack
so Gillian is one of our friends she
actually has cute little kids that have
come out that several times on field
trips and stuff yeah
no smile dad did all that even smile
smile boy let's go we're all gonna be
like all right well we survived family
pictures Gillian was amazing to work
with the location was beautiful and the
kids really did pretty well like for
their ages they did awesome Laura
struggled but she's little that's to be
expected
I'm always comforted when it's like we
only need one of those trips turned out
so I think we've got at least one Oh II
am an ally
show us your ally where's your ally oh
did you bump your knee are you all right
no and you bumped your head right into a
glass wall is a little bit of a struggle
during
are you gonna be all right big girl
there's your alley
let me give you kisses got it it feel
better okay okay you guys so if you're
in the Kansas City area you need a good
photographer Gillian Farnsworth dot-com
that's your website right yeah okay
check her out
we've loved working with her and you'll
see the pictures they turned out good I
don't well on the drive home we saw
someone that had a sign up that they
were homeless on the way home and about
Oh months ago we prepared little kits to
keep in the car homeless kids to give to
people that we see that are in need and
so Jeremy got out of the car and he gave
him the kit and the man is so grateful
like I can tell just standing here like
you said hello to the kids and anyway
you
that man's name was Quentin and he's a
52 year old and he was really thankful
for your bag he said thank you so much
he said he hasn't been getting a lot of
food and it's been really hard for him
to get a job and so he's been really
struggling so he said thank you you guys
cool so now you'll have some things to
help him and we told them that we would
pray for him too ok so we'll say pray a
prayer for Quintin tonight ok you guys
remind us I'm really glad you guys made
those bags it's a cool thing to be able
to go out and talk to someone instead of
just putting money on the work good
night Junior Seau are you up in the tree
big girl she's so happy to be up there
sure Laura wanted to go into the teepee
