oh no oh my goodness
Oh hey don't move
Laure are you so proud of yourself okay
let's see you take a spoonful you put it
in your mouth like a big girl good job
my eye on her because it any second
could go over the edge but it's fun that
she's starting to do it and she's
excited about learning are you up in the
tree big girl she's so happy to be up
there sure Laura wanted to go into the
tepee
oh the teepees connect through I didn't
realize that how are you doing over here
Oh dancing and playing what song are you
playing oh that's a pretty one woah
walls started flying out there's not oh
no oh no oh my goodness oh hey don't
move so I'm totally embarrassed but I'm
also totally stressed out our family
pictures are tomorrow I still don't know
what we're wearing I'm starting to like
lay things out and I feel like nothing's
working and it's totally stressing me
out and that's what I'm embarrassed
about like really I should not let this
kind of a thing like the opportunity to
take the only pictures stress me out but
I don't want to not have us like look
coordinated I it's just so stressful
here's what I've got so far I really
don't like Laura's outfit because
there's no color in it but those are
anyway
I tend to like kind of go all neutrals
so nobody's clashing but then we all
look really blah so then I'm like a
scared of color so then I incorporate
some color and then I feel like some
people stand out it's just super
overwhelming to me like I am clearly as
you can see for my house I'm not a
decorator I'm not a fashionista like
this is outside of my comfort zone and I
just wish some little they only picture
fairy would poof into my life and
arrange clothes and be done with it
but those are the fairytale dreams of a
mother I guess totally lame no you are
not a fairytale fashion family picture
person I'm here Joe with the orphans his
suggestion was that we all wear blue
tops and khakis hey stick to the 90s
he's got a stick to it let's all wear
jeans and white shirts let's do it
let's just see no help well we were just
snuggle up on the couch reading and we
read the most pleasant little variety of
books we read four books and there were
two really fun Halloween ones and then a
classic like Award winner and then
can I show on this but thanks huh what's
it called
uh looks like a cactus
come on took a long time coming
okay back to what I was saying so we
just sat and read a really fun book
together it's actually one that of you
are recommended to us it's called ish
you have to just check it out from the
library and read it but as soon as we
finished the kids were like let's go
over and draw so now we're over here
drawing I think so you want to show us
what you drew mm-hmm
I love it it's a pumpkin head girl
mm-hmm Isaac's working on a tree looks
quite treeoche oh yeah very cool
and I'm having a moment to work on my
coloring sheet let's make that how long
do you think it's going to take me to
finish this coloring sheet my guess is
by the year 2017 it'll be done all right
well here's the progress I've made
here's Isaac's here see it's having a
hard time focusing nice
I love the élysée used crayon a
sidewalk chalk on there of clover and
I'm not Dennis this guy yeah you're
still working on it
mm-hmm and Caleb is coloring Diego at
this point look how he's trying to stay
in the lines all right so we have some
friends over hanging out this afternoon
and all the kids are happy what did you
guys build I'm a thing shot why do you
make sure you bu built that yeah we have
that day let's go see it I love it when
they get creative together whoa who are
you being Wow yeah Batman show me your
muscles Batman
and while the boys are running around
like crazy people
the girls are in here crafting video to
my hunger claim you sit do it this is
what you do when you get together with
your cousins so they were outside for
like two hours Jemmy on trampoline
playing football and they just came in
and now we have to get them to go home
it's never fun to make them what Brett
invited us over for pizza it was good
and we have a policy if you invite us
over for food we say yes we're in so let
us know if you want us to come over
Dora what you give in to I need your ID
oh we had so much fun it's like the best
to hang out with family and talk about
what's going on we hadn't seen each
other for like three wheels long time I
was making you guys are crazy it's
amazing how much happens in three weeks
to catch up on so we loved it we had
tons of fun so go and hang out with your
family and see how they're doing so
tomorrow's our family pictures and I'm
gonna have Jeremy insert some of our
family pictures from last year so you
can see those and get ready because
tomorrow or Monday for you guys do get
to see us in our family pictures and our
cute outfits that are still yet to be
determined
I tried on some more skinny jeans just
as a a warning so you may not want to
watch the next one
hey how's that quack like a duck was
that her she makes that noise that was a
duck that's the best quack I've ever
