alright guys good morning gorgeous
weather here today for some reason I
woke up feeling a little grumpy and
Laura got her finger slammed in a door
like it's just been a little bit of a
morning so I decided to invite some
friends over we are gonna go outside and
we're gonna build teepees because
getting outside and hanging out with
friends are surefire ways to fix all of
our moods all right Billy big knot TVs
Caleb teepees where teepees are like
kind of like houses should I show you a
picture all right let's do that
okay well the kids are hard at work
building these teepees it's fun to watch
them pulling sticks out and leaning them
and trying to see what they can come up
with how's it going bud these are my
stop what is it cubby a she must smell
very cool apparently they've decided
that they want to have a doorbell on it
which is a great idea Caleb's not sure
it's going to work and this is a bone
arrow that shoots out one bad oh look a
fake one a teepee with defenses so one
of the sweetest moments while we were
doing this is when we started Ely said
mom my talent is not really building I
don't know how to do this and now like
he or she has been building and at the
end of it she said mom I do like
building I can do this and I was so glad
to see her working on something that's
hard for her and seeing her growing in
that so and the boys we're really
getting into the yarn the yarn is kind
of fun huh
all right well I think most of my sheets
and tarps have made their way outside
and let's see here's the entrance over
here see if we can go in who's in here
the boys where's Caleb back right now
there he is you guys it looks great
alright so there's the entrance to the
boys teepee and it goes all the way
around and over over here is the
entrance to the girls teepee what do you
guys think okay you built this so for
our treat today we're eating our J House
cookies it's so sad to eat them they're
just so cute they just make my heart
happy so anyway we made these yesterday
with I frost cookies if you missed it
you gotta go see how we made these it
was a lot of fun who's excited for sugar
cookie mmm Laci there's the one you made
yesterday Hey Oh gorgeous and then I
broke a Jay house in half because that
thing is giant mungus there you go thank
you
so we just finished lunch and I sent the
kids back outside to play for a minute
while I cleaned up the kitchen and all
of a sudden the door opens and Elyse
comes in and then Isaac comes in and
then Caleb comes in and I'm like what
and they're like we have to poo and I'm
like all of you right now and it was
totally a synchronized pooping and so I
was really grateful we have three
bathrooms in our house they all went and
took care of what needed to be taken
care of but it just cracked me up like
all at the same time like how does that
happen that nature calls at the same
moment anyway made me laugh so Isaac
just came into the house super excited
he said mom something super exciting
happen and I was like what and he said a
big gust of wind came and a bunch of
fall leaves came down so now I can rake
and so he went to the garage and he
grabbed his rake this is the beginning
guys look how exciting these fall leaves
are I'm not sure we'll feel the same
when all of these leaves start coming
down if you haven't seen us in the fall
raking it becomes a bit of an ordeal we
have a lot of leaves
you
they can only thing
please
what do you guys make in art ours at
least what did you make is awesome
oh my zyk is so cool very cool
what do you think of thumbprint art I
like it yeah so I had never heard of
thumbprint art before but the library is
doing activities so we are trying it
this is awesome I got a text from a
friend and she's like hey are you coming
to the art activity at the library I'm
like ah and she texted after it started
so I turned around I was like kids get
the card now and they like hurried and
got their shoes on and jumped in the car
and I picked Laura up straight out of
the crib and put her straight into the
her car seat and we made it we were only
15 minutes late which was pretty
impressive for loading into the car so
anyway now we're going to go home but
now my problem is because this activity
went longer I don't have anything for
dinner so I'm gonna get working on that
okay it's a super warm day so we decided
to clean the cars you get some so really
did it up in there
whoa yeah good job Dora you watching
that card
so you guys know how I was in a trial
about a month ago I got an email today
from the clerk with the judgment wait
and I haven't heard this yet he hasn't
told me it's true
uh-oh and so my heart started pounding I
mean there's hundreds of thousands of
dollars on the line and the judgment is
in my email I just have to click on it
like there's only been a few times in my
life where I remember feeling the blood
pumping unfortunately though the
judgment was not on our case like the
the clerk said the wrong judgment it
wasn't even for our case it was like a
mistake that she made and so I don't
think the judge has actually decided yet
like a practice it was like for a
totally different case that was
unrelated I was like No so I'm still
waiting it was it was amazing though to
see like how much your adrenaline got my
I know I got pumping for that so when we
do here will let you know I'm a little
bit nervous I'm like how did you not
already tell me this oh I'm glad you
better tell me when you find out I will
and then we'll tell you guys but I get
to here first
oh you don't want me to tell them at the
same time Oh quite privileges I get
darker okay yeah I better get out of
here
wait wait check it check it why isn't it
working
oh okay maybe that almost drowned him
alone oh he was like Chucky
okay mommy is going inside all right
well we are having a very late family
dinner tonight that was the only way we
could make it work and it is a freezer
me ice creamy chicken taquitos and then
we have celery and pineapple and rice
and I'm trying to let me see if any of
us have a complete plate left to show
you and we'll prepare it is YUM
so they're baked taquitos which is
awesome because they taste nice and
crunchy and yeah they're not like fried
and pineapple is always a treat what are
you guys eating er Laura can you go mmm
like a count what what sound does a
sheep make can you can you sound like a
pig and go blink what what I'm a good
one how about a kitty cat can you say no
how about like a duck can you go say say
quack quack like a duck that's a pretty
good quack can you quack again can you
do like a horsey hey can you go neigh
he's like what no she says I'll get a
horse can you go hey
the grumpy horse Laura what sound is
always me huh like I just was like horse
yeah anyway I thought you guys would
like seeing her animal sounds Lauren can
you say J house out o out and then open
really super makes good job Mike like a
duck does that hurt she makes that noise
that was a duck that's the best quick
I've ever
