all right little peeps where we head in
this morning
there
you guys going to pick up new
toothbrushes
you get in your x-rays oh I love it
since your first time I'm like heat up
and watching the show whoa awesome
chocolate cookie dough and birthday cake
good choice
that's gonna taste good and then open
really super baked good job it's in that
crazy it's like a vacuum in your mouth
birthday cake cake is it different well
even if you didn't need my help today
I'm glad to be here these kids are
hilarious
nice to have you here if you weren't
here and sure somebody will be screaming
last time there were couple spinners
what do you watch it I'm Mickey Mouse I
think I got an Amiga cool well I'm
really proud of the kids for not having
any cavities but honestly I'm even more
proud of Kendra and I like that's a huge
weight I feel all the time is trying to
help them brush your teeth and it's not
easy to get into their little mouths and
do it every morning and every night and
applause and stuff like that so I'm
really happy that they don't have any
carrots
I think you got it dude it takes
practice buddy keep trying do it again
and still practicing oh I'm proud of you
for trying let's see you do it again I
like it big mistake we only on three
hula hoops somebody thinks she needs one
are my life well the helium balloons
seemed like a good idea at the time but
it has caused a whole bunch of screaming
since we left the dentist they screamed
about him in the car when they let go of
them then they floated away and then
they screamed about it at home when they
like Oh mom and they float away so I
made the kids chicken nuggets for lunch
and then realize that we were out of
ketchup but look I found or remembered
jeromy's - we keep like ketchup packets
up here and I'm always like why are we
doing that and he's like well there's no
need to waste them we'll just put them
in the fridge do you guys keep the
little like sauce packets ketchup
package Jeremy's always like I don't
want him to go away so we'll just put
them here so happy mom it's just a fly
oh that is a bead that is a bee did it
go with Danielle go baby
there's a bee out here on the deck and
Isaac and Elise are scared to death of
it and they like ran inside and Caleb
and Laura I have to keep telling to get
away from it and to stop trying to feed
it and don't touch it they are just so
intrigued by this little bee
easy to be Oh while they sting you Allah
do they sting right here where we see
the pokey thing the stingers on the back
Oh get up stay away a little bit
give the be some space why three ten
minutes it gets its food yeah
oh you're observing how it flies away I
think what happens is it gets nervous
because it hears something or you throw
a carrot at it so it flies away but then
it comes back there's antennas on the
front and then there's a Stinger on the
back well okay let's leave it alone
that's enough nature study come on I'm
watching so me and Laurie so I can
figure it out in my nature journal you
want to color a picture of a bee
huh all right I love that was the kids
idea to do this nature study drawing and
check out what they drew so here is
Elise's be flying and then she drew a be
eating an apple peel and here's a be
drinking nectar so it can have lots of
energy
here's Caleb's B you can see a little
smiley face in there he told me he was
making a person be
here's Isaac's B and then Isaac looked
up the differences between bees and
wasps and wrote those down to get Kendra
wanted to try to assess and they haven't
worked but this is it children if you're
watching this in the future and you
don't have jumping skills sorry alright
what a vertical yeah so you get that one
hey guys there Glynn Wow
don't injure yourself go say thank you
daddy you keep all the tight on it
I'm gonna guess in less than a minute at
least one of the balloons will be back
after but for now all the children are
reunited daddy home he's Superman okay
guys so we are doing something super fun
this afternoon I'm like diddly excited
about it which is kind of embarrassing
so I met someone
her name is Bridget here she is Miss
Bridget I met her at the Kansas City
vlogging vlogging event that I went to
she made those adorable Instagram
cookies and when I saw them I just fell
in love with them and I've always
secretly wanted to learn how to do that
kind of stuff so I invited her over to
make cookies with us and our kids
and look what kind of cookies she made
cuz it looks like guys yeah anyway
Bridget is over on Instagram at I frost
cookies that's her handle over there and
you've got to see her adorable cookies
that's pretty good jacoub hey did you
make a Jay house oh she just keeps going
for neater Laurie you're supposed to
decorate at first you've got a good girl
and eat it again it goes straight in the
mouth every time can you say yummy yeah
no man can you say cookie like
mountainous home my dog is haul all
right let's see these Jay houses there
you go they got their Jay houses and
doors is in her mouth smiles Baker when
I write well I will not want to be a
cookie Baker Baker and a cupcake Baker
mm-hm
oh I'm gonna come to visit you guys a
lot timeout
so for Kendra decorating really cute
cookies has been on her buck
list it's one of those random things
she's always wanted to do and so I
wondered from you what is a random
bucket list item let us know in the
comments below we love hearing from you
alright we'll get back to the cookies
now diamond okay so now we're going to
try doing these fall leave ones which I
think are adorable and I'm a little bit
nervous like can I make that tree I
don't know guys I'm doing it but I'm
like so nervous because I'm not an
artist there are great artists all right
well I'm still shaking a little
but I made a cookie and Lacey helped me
what do you think you just want to eat
it
I know to eat that we're going to bring
this and pass it down your generations
that's the only good deal made so Elise
is absolutely loving this she's decide
she wants to start a cookie Club and she
invited Bridget to be a part of it
here's the final cookies least told me
hers is haunted I'm so proud of you for
trying this lease oh alright well she
made that way too easy for me like there
was no mess there was no pain of cookie
making I just got to do all of the fun
part so thank you so much that was so
one of Laura's favorite books is one
that I remember we got with Isaac when
he was a little baby this is my favorite
what to read was called pajama time and
when she wants it read she starts going
can he do it Laura she loves this book
is up it's getting late let's get ready
to celebrate its pajama time but you
look at the time Bob but on the top date
is that ready to pajama day papi papi
the man jenever look you can have a part
of the drinks too much again that's all
pink and summer roots are the ugliest
I've ever seen they might be study
although today we can Opera in whenever
we for I don't know why Caleb got hurt
yes I jumping off of something face
forward yeah should we go take care of
that
we're gonna finish this in just this
okay J house out and then a
and with with any
