wit and Nene got a whip
quit Oh stinky leg he's doing that
stinky leg oh it sticks it stinky
all right just gas enough and now I'm
going to take the cat's little library
they're having a storytime where they
get to dress up today so they're pretty
excited a little boys right well we are
apparently having a middle of the week
lunch date night because our little kids
are asleep in our behavior at school so
we're eating leftovers from last night
dinner which is the crock pot chicken
pitas it's good stuff it is really good
stuff and we're talking and we're
talking about some hard feelings um I
had it in my brain how I was gonna say
it when I picked up the camera and now I
can't remember I was gonna say but just
you know insecurities fears feeling
discouraged sometimes I feel like I look
around me and everybody's doing like and
they're doing like right like they don't
appear to be sinking ships and I feel
like I'm sinking and the to-do list is a
mile longer than my abilities and the
needs are a mile longer than the budget
and sometimes I just feel like I'm not
living up and everybody else around me
is and I know those feelings just come
from inside of me and that I just need
to conquer those feelings and give them
to the Lord and not compare like I know
the answers but even if you know the
answers in your head it's hard to live
them in your life and transfer them to
your heart so that's what we're talking
about and then I'm the husband who is
often too quick to just try to solve our
problems like no you are good know
things are going well instead of just
listening and validating you guys ever
had a husband do that before that's
using a lot of its own I'm just glad
he's here so anyway we're going to eat
our lunch and about real life and yeah I
love you guys I hope you guys are having
a good day and
for listening nigga you can do okay so
the kids are home from school and Jeremy
is actually home from work a little bit
early today and so I am running out to
this store we have family pictures on
Saturday which is awesome we don't often
have clothes that coordinate so I've got
a gift card to t.j.maxx that is a boy
and I'm going to try to go see what I
can do to get our stabbed clothes that
work anyway not my favorite job but I'm
gonna run over and do that and you're
gonna hang out the kids I think I'm
gonna teach them the whip and nae nae I
finally like watched video did you say
that right I don't know I don't even
know I'm going to teach them though the
kids need to know how to do this so it's
gonna be fun that is gonna be hot you
don't have with that in it other than
where you want your head into it this
way you go like that or not you could
just do with alright and then watch this
is mean it there you ready so you put
your hand up then you're going to do
steps back with this
and we also show that somehow you're
doing that okay go ahead put your hands
all right so raspberries were on sale
and you know if you've been watching us
for a while how much we love raspberries
and we call them grateful raspberries
and if you want to see why we call them
grateful raspberries that's in an old
video of ours and I'll have Jeremy I
card that up above but anyway we're
going to do grateful raspberries hey
Isaac you ready I'm grateful that mom
and dad signed me up for football you've
been doing so good at it too buddy
I'm grateful for that mommy signed me up
for an I library storytime we love
library cerite Emma I am grateful for
the amazing fall weather we're having
yeah I am grateful for all of our
friends who watch our vlogs and comment
and participate with us it really means
a lot to us so thank you to you I'm
grateful for you all right Lisa Lou what
are you grateful for big belly okay say
I'm grateful say I'm grateful for
popcorn perfect popcorn raspberries done
yeah all right we're finishing up in
here looks like mom decided to do some
dancing no she said she missed her whip
and nae nae
yep sometimes that just happens you know
she just feels like dancing you look you
look hot
okay buddy you ready to get out yeah and
then uh and I'm dead destined a want to
go dance oh he wants to teach you the
name a mom yeah okay show her
that's a whip Lena
okay come teach her the whipping Nene
who are you doing the stinky leg first
what's the first step
do the whip nae nae you got a whip whip
Oh stinky leg he's doing that stinky leg
oh it stinks it's stinky Oh bop bop bop
bop bop bop bop bop
he box with his hands to Superman he
doesn't one-legged Superman we'll work
on that whip nae nae stinky leg bop bop
bop the Whitney may as taught by a trio
you basically had oh there it is any hot
one but bop bop dearth pennies you're
so with our family pictures coming up
this weekend Jeremy got his hair cut
yesterday and so I'm cutting the two
boys hair tonight I'm really nervous
just because we have the pictures and so
I feel like if I butcher it well I'm
just gonna have to live with it so
hopefully it goes as smoothly are you
gonna hold still
and be cooperative and suck your sucker
look what kind is that's called a
Tootsie Pop whoa I'll end it yes you may
let's do this
so I decided to cut the boys hair kind
of longer this time
mostly because that way if I make a
mistake I've got some wiggle room so
hopefully it works out all right you
ready for this yeah let's do it
hold still think about these semen so
before we end the vlog I have to tell
you Jeremy is giving me quite the
fashion show I bought him some new pants
in hopes for our family photo shoot and
I came home with some skinny jeans and
here is Jeremy the elf I see something
the skinny jeans work for me okay
there they are folks
um we will be returning these pants but
I did get some slim cuts that looked
really really nice on him it's funny cuz
when I was in high school high school he
went to high school there was like Genco
pants that were huge it would be like 28
inch you know it's funny how sassy I
like cells change like now wearing
women's leggings is what men are
supposed to do we have so that aren't
bad though that aren't this tight these
are a little so these are the skinny
ones and the slim straight ones they
look great on him so he will have some
new pants for the photo shoot anyway
that's all for tonight we're gonna leave
that image in your bag so
herder come back Jay how's that so he
stuck his knee through the bars at the
playground and now we're having a hard
time getting it out
