so he stuck his knee through the bars at
the playground and now we're having a
hard time getting it out good morning
I'm calling it
it is officially fall around here it was
kind of chilly all weekend like we've
been grabbing our jackets and it is
really really nice and cozy but this
morning like when I woke up I was
freezing we haven't turned on our heater
yet in our house and I slept in like
long-sleeve shirt and long pants and
socks and a sweatshirt and I woke up and
I was like oh it's so cold in our house
but we're gonna tough it out like you
know we're not going to turn on the
heater quite yet we'll save some money
this way and then I went and checked the
like temperature in our house it was 68
degrees that's embarrassing like that's
not even a big deal and you know I don't
know what that is in Celsius I'll have
to look that up and put that in the
video but essentially what I learned is
that I am NOT made of Pioneer stock I
just like to be apparently comfortable
in my little temperature so we have not
turned on the heat yet and we'll survive
did you find one they're hunting for the
really red ones you found it in there
oh yeah that's stealing there it is they
do even just a vile nice pick buddy
let's see it just pull on there you go
blue good one leaves your bad one I have
never seen Brussels sprouts growing
check this out
they look like little like palm trees or
something
John scheisse too big w-what happened
maybe go did your knee get stuck so he
stuck his knee through the bars at the
playground and now we're having a hard
time getting it out okay stretch out
that leg and pull it through
is it really stuck okay here let's let's
see okay now make it make it long make
it straight cubby make it straight there
we go now slide it out there we go okay
we got it
so last week the kids worked on drunk
owls as part of their handwriting and
this week they're learning to draw
turkeys and I just I wasn't planning on
vlogging it but I'm just loving watching
them here's Miss Lucy's there's mr.
Isaac's guys I'm so proud of you
you know so far use the ball of your
foot right on the edge of the pedal the
ball no that's the heel there's the ball
that's it how did it go good
did you enjoy ballet and tap when you
gotta treat it Oh Caleb didn't I tell
you to get in your car seat yeah it's
not like to it alright mister man
you have to buckle up now no not like
that in an effort to be friendly to our
budget I am taking all four kids today
shopping at Aldi which is an awesome
store it's super cheap which is great
and they always have great sales it's
kind of fun to shop here it's just a
little bit more stressful with the kids
alright so one of the cool things about
this store is you have to put the
quarter in to get the what's this called
a cart okay Caleb can you put it in it's
going pretty well with all four of them
we have found quite a few things and I'm
remembering how much money this place
saves us and yeah everybody's
everybody's holding up okay see if we
can make it till the end
so at the end you get to bag your own
groceries always a good time
and this is how I got that done those
three is sat and watched through the
camera me doing that and we're
completely entertained okay let's go
Pender made these like stuffed chicken
pita happiness what's like actually
called hot chicken pitas what do you
want yes she's like bring me the chips
and she's still every time
no when she need yes it's so funny
grapes
what did he's called snow peas Parmesan
chips and then this is chicken there's
avocado tomato parmesan cheese and
thanks for asking nicer buddy okay so
you guys had a crazy day today you had
piano you had dance how did that go did
did you get some new songs and Laura I
heard you didn't take any nap today
Oh rumor has it that you haven't napped
and you're kind of acting crazy today is
that true possessed that's the word I
get you in go to library storytime I
just go talk and so we're out here at
football practice Isaac has had two
interceptions already and these little
kids are out here just watching a friend
who is skateboarding they're so cute
they really want you to do good they're
excited just picked us game you know
it's my third day and hey looking good
huh now how hard it is
so earlier today caleb got in trouble
for smacking laura so he wasn't i meant
when he came out of timeout i was
holding him on my lap like I usually do
and I said hey buddy you know let's talk
about what happened what can we do
different next time he gets all
thoughtful and quiet and he looks me in
the eye and says mom I could smack her
more softly next time I just
it just cracked me up like he was
looking so sincere and thoughtful and
anyway we talked about other things we
could do besides smacking people and how
we could you know come to mom for help
or you know traded toy with Laura or be
patient with her but anyway he just
cracks me up I'm sorry guys but there is
nothing in the world that is more
attractive than a dad teaching his son
some homeschool logic in the evening dad
hmm
so because we're not posting anymore on
Sundays we keep running into this
problem where we capture something
amazing over the weekend and it doesn't
really fit nicely into one of our vlogs
and that happened this Sunday this
moment happened
yeah what'd he say oh this you anyway
I'm going to post a more complete
version of it so you can see that on our
Facebook page so that's a J house vlogs
on our Facebook page go check it out and
you see J house out good huh oh
mihika two noses it out of there
