we're going camping we're gonna have a
kid's camp we're in our backyard so
cubby what's with your socks what why'd
you do your socks like that why why did
you put your socks like our pants yeah
why'd you put your pants in your size
because you're one dumb - yeah you're
going to look fat do you have some fat
socks so it so often happens that Isaac
will have some crazy idea early in the
morning he talks all the kids into it
and then they go on some wild adventure
you have this is your little camping
trip that you guys going it's been a
while since you guys have played in here
this your bed up in the tree you can
actually just like relate in you look
super comfortable caleb is that where
you're gonna sleep you guys cleaning out
in there hi my swords are every single
day and this is my pile well you got a
lot of sweeping to do Wow
Caleb what's your sure what's your chore
every day come your hunting what's
Isaac's chore you're getting the berries
just wanted to come and read a book huh
so I'm getting ready to put miss Laura
to bed she is so sweet
we were just cuddling on the chair and I
was reading her books and she's just at
such a fun stage I just love talking to
her and holding her and just oh it just
makes my heart smooth so it's making it
really hard for me not to want to have
another baby like constantly I'm like oh
but it's not the right time for us yet
and I know that in my heart and so I'm
just trying to be patient and snuggle
and hug on this woman come on can't
blame me for wanting another baby when
she is George so for pretty much every
holiday I try to remember to get books
on hold early so that we can have a
bunch of books about the holiday and
read and enjoy that season and I
actually remembered and so we have a
whole load of Halloween books that we
get to devour I just got them out and
the kids are pretty excited buddy
what do you see how he looks at full
looks yep I just got out our Halloween
and fall books here they are silly get
rid of that Weaver I read that so the
kids collected some leaves and now they
are painting them and then I'm going to
try to turn them over and use them as a
stamp on the paper we'll see how it
turns out this is one of those things
that you find on Pinterest and then you
hope that works because you've never
actually tried it yourself
we'll see you show us how it's done push
on it
Lincoln's water Oh Sean on your guide is
his yellow your gouge is all right cubby
after your push on it then you lift it
straight up ready MA what do you think
oh good no can't do another one I
wouldn't use the orange purple hey Lise
let's see you do it ah can I take mine
yep in just one second Lucy that turned
out awesome hey guys
do you like it yeah mixing up all the
different colors
oh and then very carefully painting you
know I was worried these wouldn't turn
out at all but they're actually turning
out pretty cute and the kids are having
a good time so this activity gets an A+
from me for easy to plan and fun to do
so my heart is just really full today I
just keep thinking about life and how
fleeting it is and I just keep thinking
about these precious precious moments
with my kids then playing outside this
beautiful fall weather painting and
cooking and reading together and I just
my heart just feels full it feels full
of gratitude and it feels a desire to
let go of the stress that I let
sometimes creep into my day and just say
no I am just savoring this time and
savoring this chapter and savoring these
moments because you never know what will
be gone so anyway just gonna go hug my
kids a little tighter and read to them
my heart's my heart's just full fake
smell good huh oh hey key to nose is it
out of there Caleb oh I asked you to go
wash your hands
oh not mommy's gonna clean the table now
okay dab it and I'm licking the day long
for you now that you're cleaning for me
that's what that's called yeah let's go
wash your hands boo-boo yes you're clean
III it's such a big girl
so we haven't danced on the log for way
too long because we dance all the time
yeah we haven't put it on the blog with
you all doing dishes we're good friends
are here hanging out with us there in
the backyard running around with the
kids and I'm cutting up the pie it
smells lovely and of course I can't find
my pie scoop utensil and I never make
pie so it's like the one time I actually
make pie I don't have that right
you know triangle shape device but it's
good way because it's going to taste
just as good so we have ice cream and
apple pie and we are going to go relax
and watch a show together because it's
the weekend but Monday for you I know
sorry oh happy one day all right well
that's it for tonight Davis go but I've
been really stressing about finances we
just ended another quarter and I know a
lot of people think that as attorneys we
all make a ton of money unfortunately
that's not the case
