all right so today we are studying
popcorn October is apparently popcorn
popping month and so we've got tons of
different learning activities we read a
couple books about popcorn just now and
now we're going to pop some popcorn on
the stove and we actually watch some
slow-motion videos on YouTube of popcorn
popping I'm gonna put the link in the
description below of the one that we
really liked it was amazing what you
guys think of a popcorn popping that was
cool like crack dope it peeled all the
way around and it was like um before
that it was like jumping and it gets so
excited that it cracks open Wow
transformed into pop yeah yeah that's
pretty cool huh open and throw spam
hands and popcorn all right so we've got
one kernel in there how long we're
waiting for it to pop and when it pops
then we add a bunch you're excited no
okay well we've been having fun learning
about popcorn but my hands have been
completely occupied and a little buttery
and so I haven't been able to vlog any
of it but what we did is we examine the
popcorn and we tried to find pieces to
show us the whole sequence of popping a
popcorn and then we glued it onto a
piece of paper like these all right now
we're going to investigate and see
whether popcorn sinks or floats the
kernels and the actual popped popcorn so
okay leacy put a kernel in first hey
does this ink put one of yours in cubby
let's check it colonel let's put the
kernel in see it does it sing your turn
hello Oh Laura needs a turn with this
one did it float
my shrine may give you the office okay
let go
did it come back up yes let's feel them
in there wait I thought that sounds like
fun to you they're squishy
they are squishy did you do say chica
boom boom yeah are you gonna read some
book No
so I was coming outside to show you guys
the utter joy going on in my backyard
the weather is gorgeous the kids are
playing Jeremy is home for lunch and I
just love that he took the time to toss
the ball with Isaac but by the time I
grabbed the camera and I actually get
out here what's actually going on is
this what you doing football you guys
yet there it is you guys see it it's
pretty far up there that when I found in
the woods but I definitely could hit it
with another couple tries that's quite
lodged up there yeah okay but go get the
big football we're gonna risk it we
could lose both the chin kiss I'm just
going to cover your lips is probably um
that's probably poisonous germy oh oh oh
he's falling it I was seriously go wash
your hands
well that was funnier than work
I'm gonna wash my hands
well it's quite time and I'm ignoring my
dishes and I'm going to do some math and
I not read it this cutie instead let's
go so I don't know if I've mentioned it
before but we do lots of different
things for these with math we mostly do
lots of hands-on manipulatives games
activities we do have a workbook that we
work out of and then we also have life
of Fred and this is apples it's the
first book in the series and she loves
it she's been begging for it all day mom
coming to apples yet mom can we do
apples yet mom can we do requisite she's
yeah be good it's a chapter book and you
have to figure out clay and you're
working on letters cool what what word
are you gonna still now Oh a boat you've
been spelling her this is one of those
fun toys it's from Melissa and Doug are
you guys familiar with Melissa and Doug
I pretty much love every single one of
their toys and I would probably own all
of them if they weren't so pricey so
instead we own a couple that have been
acquired over like Christmases and
birthdays over the years but I love that
they're all like wooden and educational
and nice I just had the sweetest
experience with Elise she and Isaac were
working on their handwriting which were
part of their handwriting they also draw
a picture like it gives them
step-by-step instructions and so today
they were drawing a cow
I'll show you their pictures here's
Isaac's cow that he was working on and
here's Elise's cow and anyway as she
finished up she came over and she sat in
my lap and we were talking about it and
she said that she liked her cow until
she looked to the side and she saw
Isaac's and then she felt sad about her
cow she felt like she didn't do as good
of a job and she felt like she didn't
like it we just had this really sweet
discussion about comparison and how
comparison is a thief of joy and I was
sharing with her an experience that I've
had in my life where I love my house but
then I go to somebody else's house and I
see how beautifully they decorated it
and how well they keep it and then I
come home and all of a sudden I hate my
house I'm like oh this is driving me
crazy and how that comparison takes away
my joy so we were talking about those
examples together and then Elise was so
sweet and she
mom I want to choose joy I want to just
love my drawing and try again for me and
so she came and she drew here's her new
picture of a cow how do you like it Lisa
I liked it
I'm so proud of you trying to get into
in something hard late for them to water
and just to know this is the sky it is
is great I love it snacktime and the
gorgeous weather oh yeah do you guys
need jackets it's not gonna be long
before all of these leaves turn and it's
gonna be gorgeous well we're out here
again for football practice for Isaac I
actually started doing one more practice
each week but I've been really stressing
about finances we just ended another
quarter and I know a lot of people think
that as attorneys we all make a ton of
money unfortunately that's not the case
and with building my own practice I
don't have a salary like what I make is
completely based on what I bring in and
a lot of unexpected things happen I had
two of my clients passed away earlier
this year and that changed a lot of
things and then unexpected things happen
with not getting paid on several cases
that I expected to be paid on and we're
hoping to have a strong end of the year
but it's stressful right now and I'm
sure a lot of you can relate coming into
the holidays it's it's hard to not have
as much money as you thought you were
going to have and all the worries that
come with that and the anxiety so that's
something I'm feeling and experiencing
right now and hoping to work through you
swing in you on the swing such a big
girl so kind of makes me a little scared
to have you on there you want to do it
so when you're feeling stressed about
money what do you do I know with Kendra
and I we will stop going out to eat
hardly ever you know our date nights
change we we had a trip plan that we
were going to be going on we're not
doing that but let me know in the
comments below what do you do
to try to save money what are what are
methods that you used
right
and then
what is it come see it says it's mussels
and pickled sauce who wants to try that
me yummy I'm scared like Here I am
encouraging the kids to try new things
and I
