what is it come I don't know let's see
it says it's mussels and pickled sauce
yeah who wants to try that
me yummy I'm scared it's like here I am
encouraging the kids to try new things
and I do you like traveling to different
countries yeah what countries do you
like to travel to Arizona California
France why would you want to travel to
France
nice yeah how are they nice to us right
they gave us that statue
Elise do you like trying new foods what
why it's because I really like having
like more anymore food that we can make
do more so mostly you like eating more
food yeah and I love food do you think
you can find Spain you think that's
Spain right there how far away it's been
do you think far away or then arcade
stuff how many people do you think live
in Spain what do you think people eat in
Spain chicken neck chicken broccoli soon
chicken do you want to try some food
from Spain yes so I have the heart of a
traveler and someday I absolutely yearn
to take this family of mine and travel
the world of them but the kids are
really kind of too young to travel much
right now and we need to save some money
for that to happen so I am so excited
for this chance to study a country and
taste a country right here at home this
is like a perfect home school traveling
mommy's dream come true so we are really
I did try the world reached out to us
and asked us if we would try their
product which we were stoked about like
who doesn't want to receive a box of
food from Spain our family definitely
does so I checked out some books from
the library and we've got the map out
we're gonna spend some time today
studying Spain and most importantly
eating from Spain
alright guys we got our box this is from
try the world look at you it's a pig
wants to go dress and food throws this
guys can open it
beautiful that's gonna take today
yeah I bet that's probably Madrid that's
my guess whoo and this is a dancer from
Spain we wanna give that dress welcome
to Spain got recipe I did you you're
excited about the recipes you look good
what's neat with the boxes they have a
card that comes with it that explains
what each item is and how its use which
one you gonna choose hmm what's about
one but you can find it on there this is
called eNOS Rosales it's a court I do a
citrus crumble cake 1/4 do is a
traditional Spanish pastry flavored with
cinnamon and lemon and filled with a
cider cream these crumble cake continued
to be made by pan according to a recipe
that was developed over 100 years ago
money
what is it cub I don't know let's see it
says it's mussels and pickled sauce what
do you guys think mussels are is like
something that can see it doesn't stand
like that that could be pretty good yeah
who wants to try that me young man me
yeah well to email is a good one you
want to
stop thinking about if I want to eat it
or I'm gonna take it
giggle easy it's not perfect
what is it I'm just spicy no power
I'm gonna turn that's what pick gold
will do you guys are you so brave at
trying new things I like it
hey Caleb will you try it you want to
try it no okay daddy are you gonna be
brave yeah for sure
I'll have me some fried pickle muscles
it's so weird that is actually tastes
kind of good with people saw with
muscles but it tastes good
yeah it's like tuna with a bunch of
relish in it fathers I liked me you want
to try it mom I'm scared like here I am
encouraging the kids to try new things
and I scared I'll try it on some bread
it's edible so there's recipes in here
and so the muscle is one of the options
is to make them as part of a crostini
which that sounds good
a little bit embarrassing but Kendra and
I were talking about Spain and I was
confessing that I really don't know
anything about it and the truth is is
growing up in Arizona
any time I thought of Spain I think of
Mexico like I think a Mexican food I
think of Mexican people and apparently
they're not exactly the same like
there's differences I mean one's kind of
in Europe and one's Mexico so that is
excited for me to become more culturally
diverse from this experience
keyboards favorite 96% for Roman
Catholic Wow very interesting only four
percent wind flowers on it
you want some fear from me all right so
this is Tehran it's a holiday candy
apparently supposed to be slightly sweet
all right here's one for Caleb kind of
crunchy mmm do you guys know that they
close the shops from 2:00 to 5:00 p.m.
every day for a siesta I think we need
to do that in America yeah and in that
time they don't do that the grocery
stores or the big department stores
anymore but the little shops they still
do that at what language do they speak
in Spain yeah yeah what language was
that all right how do you say hello in
Spanish hola how do you say goodbye I
guess
adding us all right so for the rest of
the box we've got some extra-virgin
olive oil and this is a fresh tomato
spread so the description makes it sound
like a salsa so I'm sure we're going to
try that with some chips see what else
is in here
oh this is paprika smoked hot prepping
prep we can even say at paprika
so the spice and the last one I am
really excited up so this is rose petal
Jam have you guys ever tried rose petal
Jam actually have some toast actually
have when I was living in Europe I got
to try some rose petal Jam good go ahead
and eat it you guys the rose petal Jam
let me cook did she just say yummy good
yummy good good we're really grateful
that try the world reached out to us and
sponsored this video it was a really fun
thing to do with our family I absolutely
loved it so here's our question for you
guys if you could try a box from
anywhere in the world where would you
want to try a box of food from yeah
which country
I would go with Africa pretty much
anywhere in Africa just because I know
nothing about African food so why don't
you try it I don't know for me I was
thinking like Italy or France but that
sounds boring after your applications so
I'm gonna go with info delicious all
right yes oh I'm sorry buddy you did a
good job building it it looks really
nice well I like it up to the sky
you want to fly in it huh yeah I'll be
so fun
