stirring it you're helping mama okay and
then I'm knockout banana we are making
our homemade granola this morning which
I'm really excited about the kids all
love it well I cut up some fresh apples
and I've got the granola in there and
some vanilla yogurt and it is delightful
you guys like in yours baby you what is
your find where you gonna blow your nose
just so you know that's a little bit
more than you need when you blow your
knot okay okay you're all done
they pick up your mess throw it in the
trash all right so so far today honestly
motherhood's been a little bit I usually
love these days but the kids are
starting to tantrums and laura-leigh you
need Kranz for why we're making a rocket
ship the weather is gorgeous outside and
Jeremy came home and with fed the kids
lunch so that I could go like put myself
together for the day okay so what are
you guys making uh rocket ship a robot
rocket ship and we could go in it
whatever we want but it's a stapler and
you can run in it
mom what do you want to get up for I up
in a tree oh you want to fly up in a
tree
how is it working for you Oh buddy I'm
sorry why isn't it working I don't know
well does it have an engine No
maybe you need an engine where is it
engine you have to build one but where
well what that looks like
Oh to unlearn about engine oh I'm sorry
buddy you did a good job building it
looks really nice but I like it up to
the sky you want to fly in it huh yeah
I'll be so fun
I'm sorry buddy what you're gonna make
toys okay I gotta go put her to bed no I
do want to go to see ya yes you do let's
go take a nap so right before I put
Laura down I saw that the kids had
colored on the deck and anyway I told
them that when I put her down I'd come
back out and help them work on it and I
came out and they already had little
bowls of water and rags out here
scrubbing and I added some soap and it's
actually not coming off super well are
we supposed to color on the deck no yeah
hey good job scrubbing one day when I
was cuddling elese after she had a hard
moment I just said we're at least every
day has hard parts and that's okay and I
realized that what I just said to her
was exactly what my heart needed to hear
and remember and so anyway today was a
day when I used that mantra in my own
mind over and over again because our
morning went really well and then there
was this
little part of the morning where
everybody was cranky and nobody wanted
to do chores and I couldn't get anything
accomplished and I started getting
really discouraged and down like why
can't I do this this is too hard blah
blah blah see that little moment now
that I look back on it was just a piece
of the day and so that's something we've
been really trying to work on for my own
self in my mind and with the kids is
every day has hard parts and that's okay
Isaac is tackling multiplication today
are you like it bud
I love it yeah guys I went to the
dentist I went golfing this morning to
with Austin I played way better than I
played in the past which fell again most
importantly did you have any cavities no
cavities I need to get you into the
dentist yeah we do she's been putting it
off I just heard the scheduled things
like that how do you guys feel about the
dentist I didn't love it like I love the
feeling of clean teeth on the little
baggie of awesomeness that you get we
had I didn't crazy go good job boys you
got a helmet
Kendra's vlogging and she's like can you
please not stand right there looking at
me like I'm like this it was like just
standing there like I can't talk to a
camera if my personal bubble so occluded
or anyway I'll go find some more private
to talk to you this all right so I'm
just sitting out here enjoying this
gorgeous afternoon but we just finished
filming our very first sponsored video
ever and I'll be honest I was really
nervous um like it just is kind of out
of my comfort zone to decide to do a
sponsored video but we have sponsors
that reach out to us almost on a daily
basis and we've just continually said no
just we didn't know how exactly we
wanted to work that with our channel but
recently we got an opportunity that was
just such a good fit like we Jeremy read
it and I was like yes yes we want to do
that like it's something that our family
just would naturally enjoy doing and
that we think would be fun for you guys
to watch and enjoy with us and so that
is going to be live tomorrow and anyway
we appreciate your support for that and
oh do I need to give you pieces mmm
hmm you're cold yeah Oh
fall is upon us hey cubby would you make
eggs you made eggs mm-hmm
so Caleb decided to make his own dinner
tonight are you gonna eat it yeah oh is
that what you were getting water for
you've been cooking Wow so tell me about
this dish what's in it get this dinner
sand sand and dirt uh-huh did you mix
some water No
yeah but there's only Samba turned into
mud oh it turned into mud with the water
mm-hmm so are you gonna eat it
yeah it's chicken it doesn't look like
chicken well then it's black to black
tickets Brody
it does look grody at me a spoon dude
I'm not gonna let you eat that no I'm
not eating it I'm every attendee lipless
okay you can pretend with this bit Laura
got into the mud do you see someone over
there ah is that my card
one of the things we've been loving of
us is Laura's reaction to the books
we've been reading there's a couple
books that she's just been she's like go
go
so this is are my favorite books to read
to my little kids it's called mommy's
best kisses I kiss your blue gem here's
round as convenient I kiss your
girlfriend and you grin up at me she
knew it was coming I kiss your pink me
laughs yep and toes next I kiss your ten
toes can you get out it goes egg down I
kiss your wee nose kiss it love like a
mild playfully oh thank you I kiss your
rosy cheeks and you're gonna go with
leave gay guy god I kissed your soft
hair on your sleepy head I see I kiss
your drowsy eyes as I put you to bed
good night do yourself
