all right you get ready for school
there's Laura wanting to go to school
too Laura you got your backpack on it is
school picture day and these kids picked
out their awesome outfit all by
themselves you guys excited I'm tying
shoes they both recently learned how to
tie their shoes so I they are feeling
pretty proud whoa might need to do that
one one more time all right well the
kids are all dropped off so now it's
just us where should we go all right be
study library storytime so I had an
interesting experience at the library
today normally at the library I just
kind of keep to myself there's like five
or six moms that come to the library
storytime each time and it's the same
group of moms and some of them seem to
know each other but I don't know any of
them so you know I just sit there and
hold Caleb and Laura and keep to myself
but this morning as I was sitting there
I was at like a little craft table with
the kids just with one other mom and I
was remembering my conversations that
I've been having with Elyse all week
this week so Elyse has been feeling a
little bit shy at school and it's just
taking a little bit longer to make some
friends which is totally normal
but as she and I were talking about that
this week we talked about the other kids
and how the other kids might be feeling
shy too and instead of waiting for them
to come over and introduce themselves
and make friends with her that she could
instead reach out and help them feel
more comfortable because they might be
just as shy so I was thinking about all
of that that I talked to be leashed
about this week as I sat at this table
with this other mom and so instead of
just keeping to myself and being quiet
like I normally totally would have I
start to strike up a conversation with
her and we actually had a really great
conversation and it was really easy to
talk to her and I look forward to seeing
her next week we had a lot in common and
it was just that principle of sometimes
I think all of us feel nervous or
insecure or shy and we're waiting for
others to make the gesture towards us
but other people around us might be
feeling just as shy or nervous or
self-conscious and reaching out to them
can really build friendships and so
that's a good good moment today
Oh for lunch what are you doing bud you
know for 20 minutes one two three four
five six so get some trifling token
pistol-packing let's imagine thread yeah
all right you hang out there what are
you doing well you want to go in the box
all the way okay lay down
oh you're good dad the snow's so amazing
it has been amazing every other time so
hopefully it's amazing today was this a
freezer mailto or is accessories a meal
it's pesto spinach mushroom lasagna oh
I'm so excited
soma zhonya is one of those mills that
if you don't do the dishes right away
it's going to be way harder later as
well the cheese like it's caked on the
plate so before you can take more out of
receipt understand clean this up take it
back
hey you cleaning our hair so I'm not
sure if I've mentioned it before but I'm
a bad person
I love soaking in the bathtub I like to
take showers to actually get clean but
in the evening like after a long
stressful day I love to take a warm bath
and I do it actually a couple times a
week here's my bubble bath getting ready
right now today I put in it
this thing here Epsom salt foaming bath
relax and relief I haven't been feeling
very well today and so I actually it's
right after dinner right now
and Jeremy said or what I'm just go take
a bath listen okay so I'm coming in here
and he's taking care the kids which is
awesome but my question to you guys is
do you guys like that do you like
soaking in the tub or is it not really
the thing or do you prefer backs or
showers and if you do like that then
what do you like to put in their bathtub
because I would love to give your ideas
and suggestions I'm kind of new to
taking baths for like soaking and
relaxation I probably been doing that
for about a year or two so ever since I
think we moved into this house for with
this bathtub so anyway um I'll let you
guys get back to hanging out with Jeremy
and the kids and
and five straight minutes we're just
sitting here reading our two little kids
who can't read
seriously now if I wanted to come down
and see what he was doing he created a
football schedule for the Patriots is
that right Merson broncos there it's the
top two teams Isaiah whoa judge hmm
and that son it's Joe please hmm I'm on
the second chapter man can
man
Oh
can man hand cannon fan so after putting
Laura down I came in the bedroom to find
this going on go Kendra is trying to get
them all weighing down wind it down for
us we already read I got you for sleep
we already read and snuggled no time for
a nice arm-wrestle oh I'm gonna like
crack something off in there yeah but
now pretty malted 150 points on your
dad's a gaming up you kept on this they
are so good at knowing how to keep us up
I don't want to just make up our mind oh
you want an arm wrestle any one of them
does something fun and then all of them
lanterns
cubby Jeff one two three day I declare a
thumb war I can't check them I can use
you there more than once
all right the kids are all tuckered out
and tired and ready for bed now what do
you guys said yeah
