okay so we're out at the zoo today
so I just realized there they are
sitting here together watching and I
don't know where our kids right there
I'm good that's why we have moms I'm
just like mesmerized my favorite part is
when they swim and jump out of the water
be with your friends
- so I took up the morning of work so I
could be here
and Kendra's talking about how different
it is when she's here all by herself
with all fourth date like just going to
the bathroom with all four choices
really instead of he just like ray and
Isaac Caleb's the bathroom every little
thing is so much I'm gonna get picked on
so we tried to feed the lorikeets and
when landed on Laura and remain not
happy so our kids are obsessed with max
they're all like checking which way
we're going hey good job the girl yeah I
had her in the backpack and I let the
other kids out of the stroller to go to
my slide she's like me out me too
nor it's pretend it's not real watch
watch it's okay she's all scared of this
statue say mommy look at the tiger
commuting rah rah so we just stopped to
eat lunch and it was kind of neat there
was a class all about the wait which
animal is it kangaroos are seals we got
to see like a replica of what the
kangaroo looks like when it's born as
it's like climbing into the pouch it was
amazing it's about the size of my lid on
my water like really small the other
neat thing about this Zoo is that in the
Australia area the Kangaroos just roam
free so we're actually inside the
exhibit right here and there's some
kangaroos over there hopefully we can
get a little closer and and go go hang
out by him
he pushed him away
in the world
all right well that's another day at the
zoo for you so I've been trying being a
little bit more creative in what chores
I'm giving the kids and I'm getting a
really positive feedback from that the
kids enjoy it I'm trying to think of
things that they can do that make them
kind of like really work hard and
instead of just getting into like the
same daily routine of the same chores
over and over again so today we're
cleaning the cupboards we're wiping down
all the fronts I noticed quite a build
up of dust recently and just like little
spots of things but they're all working
really hard I'm proud of them and Isaac
discovered that the top of the microwave
was very dirty which I'm sure is very
true so maybe if you if you get that
water to me I can show them how dirty
well I think I can show it to them can
you see it hey Caleb what did you do I I
can't cook cloth we did the clock and
what did you write over here
I daddy D 8 D 8 D egg and mommy and oh
and Laura fell asleep on the way home
from the zoo and then she had a hard
time transferring to her real nap in her
crib and then we have to wake her up to
go to an activity at the library she's
not super happy about it
oh oh she's stuck she's stuck coming you
got her foot gutter foot here we go are
you guys all done what is it yeah it's a
dinosaur what did dinosaurs say okay
gonna hold it so the kids and I are at a
library this afternoon
it's a robotics program and so it's like
a presentation the older kids are
learning about robotics and all sorts of
different things and Laura and Caleb
were way too loud and wiggly to
participating that so we're hanging out
in the Kid Zone while the kids are
nearby watching their presentation oh
and I'm resisting the urge to check out
more books I currently have like 96
books at home and I think we have like
one hundred and seven books on film and
so I'm telling myself I don't need any
more books but I'm sick stuff you for an
hour
no that one doesn't work okay try one
that does work
yeah
is he going to get me
driving
now that we've been vlogging for over a
year it's crazy to go back and look and
see what it was we posted a year ago
today and I was looking at this video
from a year ago today and it's the first
time Caleb ever talks to the audience
and it's the funniest conversation he's
talked about how he can't see you guys
inside the camera and we have a little
chat about it and then he least gets to
go to ballet day for Kansas City and she
loved that and little Laura is just you
know she's a little 6 month old or 7
month old then and so she's just a cute
little peanut it's incredible when we've
been vlogging for this one you can go
back and find other videos that are
similar we went to the zoo about 6
months ago and it's so fun to see the
kids reactions to stuff and their
interactions and how much they've grown
that's the thing I love about vlogging
is being able to go back and to see
those moments and see the kids faces but
thanks so much for watching I hope you
have a wonderful Monday and an exciting
week ahead of you and thanks for making
our vlog a part of your week J house I
feel like I'm playing that video game
yeah with the claw arcade game yeah the
arcade game if you can get the prize you
get to keep it ha ha ha
so close
there we go it's even like a little toy
you win you get to keep it
