so we typically do the same tours pretty
much every morning we clean the bathroom
we start a little laundry we unload the
dishwasher we clean up from breakfast
and we decide to switch it up this
morning so today we are cleaning out our
van which desperately needed that thing
reached like every time we open the door
I was like what died in our van so Isaac
like cleaned out the trash and put away
stuff that needed to go back inside
please he's gonna vacuum it out and
Isaac is going to hose down the mat and
Laura's just having fun playing in the
back so oh and Caleb's being super
helpful riding you'll get to wipe down
the inside in just a minute but anyway
this is usually a job that somehow
Jeremy gets and so I'm hoping to kind of
Surprise them that he'll come home and
it'll be done not on the Saturday needs
to do this because I know he's noticed a
stench all right Isaac what do you think
of this job am i working you too hard no
are your muscles big enough for this job
and after work comes play drive no
arrest drive all right so the kids are
all working on their calendar notebooks
and most Laura got creative ah
Laura can you choice your face
and now she's dumping on the market so I
just finished golfing with Austin no we
had a lot of fun and Kendra is in
cleaning mode she's cleaning out all the
stuff behind the washer and dryer so
here's what I've been doing this washer
and dryer used to be covered with lots
of junk so I clean that out first then
this thing was like stuffed so I cleaned
that out this is all stuff that's going
somewhere else but now I want to clean
behind the washer and dryer which the
only way I could figure out to do that
where's like all this stuff that has
fallen back here you know it falls
behind there so here's what we're
getting ready let's see what we got
ooh that's a good time cleaner Oh Cup
where that one away maybe rockin there's
a pair of goggles and a toothbrush and
the madness for a bottle and a
flashlight and a doll but surprisingly
there's none of the socks that always go
missing in the laundry like I would have
thought we might have found some of them
back there flashlight nice with the cell
precious drop it
that songs was a good idea Jerry thanks
I said only one time you're a genius
I feel like I'm playing that video game
yeah what's the claw arcade game yeah
the arcade game if you can get the prize
you get to keep it ha ha ha so close
there we go it's even like a little toy
you win you get to keep it
so we finally have the washer and dryer
clean and Kendra just said that the next
person to put something on it that was
the other 150 bucks yes because what
happens is you like put one thing here
and then all of a sudden the clicker bug
yeah we did lots of school and so I just
haven't had a chance to get rid of yet
today it happens sometimes um oh but I
was putting Caleb down for his nap knees
like mom you smell that I'm like I'm
sorry like I realized I hadn't even
brushed my teeth yet ah mom fail anyway
I wanted to show you guys the last
activity Isaac's doing today for school
it's this really cool book we got from
the library what's it called bud Park
and campus art detective so what it does
is it shows you a famous picture on this
side and then it shows you a forgery on
this side and you have to compare them
and find the differences how many
differences are there in that one
there's 15 so how many of you found 10
10 show us one of the differences
there's like this cartoon and no Aaron
blue wait wait let me see that one so
there's an orange umbrella on that one
so it's blue on that side ok guys I'm
still at it well I mean I stopped in to
do a whole bunch of school with Isaac
any least which was lovely but I'm still
deep cleaning i deep cleaned this closet
I had the vacuum on hand and I was like
that register is disgusting I'm gonna
vacuum it and so I stopped Midway to
show you guys so I'm getting stuff done
today it feels great
raaah are you pumping
did he well you're doing great at
pumping way to go there's my girl
alright so mr. Isaac is helping me out
today I've been so busy cleaning I
haven't done dinner and so he's making
dinner
what do you making for dinner bud fish
sticks and that triple x group mmm fun
all right so how's your meal I love it
you love it
you're feeling good about it what do you
think yeah Bob said oh that sounds like
a pretty good review
she hasn't thrown it on the ground yet
how about everybody else
I'm so starving - I just want to eat it
and I love it
mmm sometimes I crave some of the like
cheap things that I grew up eating with
macaroni cheese or ramen noodles or fish
sticks and it's been too long since I've
had a go fish stick Kendra called it
asked what I was preferring like some
nicer meal or fish sticks and I was like
kind of want fish sticks what do you
need anymore
I can't understand you um the truth of
the matter is okay over here is pretty
stressed about another case he's got
going on he has a petition he has to
file before it reaches the statute of
limitations and it's stressful it's a
pretty intense case - it's very intense
I can't talk about um but yeah I'm
feeling stress I mean the fish's body
aria without a fish stick is what do you
think about that good
where's the fish's eyes they could hit
their eyes off that's morbid yeah oh
dear where's the fish's tail
I think we're eating the kale does it
look kind of like a tail and you're okay
with that
you know I don't think it's going to
help if I explained to them how we have
yeah no stop stop stop
edited for your viewing pleasure um what
was I going to say
Isaac actually told me today that he
wants to become a vegan so if you guys
have any seven-year-old friendly vegan
recipes we I want to let him kind of
explore that and see what he thinks of
it what do you think of being a vegan so
their job football player he he's really
good and he and he's basically a vegan
did not like always occasionally he
stuff like chicken and fish hmm I
honestly don't know the exact definition
of vegan do you know what it is like
what's a vegan because I know what a
vegetarian is Asian vegetarian get it
done it it eat all you eat it quiet big
bass yeah okay so no eggs no cheese no
milk no animal products so at the end of
the day I'm just really excited about
what we were able to accomplish sure
there's other parts of my house that are
now a disaster but I got some stuff done
and sometimes I get so overwhelmed about
trying to get stuff done right or do it
you know a really thorough job that I
just stop and get nothing done because
I'm overwhelmed by it and so I've been
excited in the last couple weeks I've
been making a lot of progress on that
which is saying you know what I've got
an hour let's do a quick clone on this
closet like let's just start on
something let's do one piece of this and
it's been really making a difference to
our home like little by little we're
chipping away at it and it's making a
difference and so I'm really excited
about that so I want to share this is
one of those poke cakes where there's
like pudding inside so yummy
all right so we're driving home and
laura is counting and it's totally
cracking me up let's see if she'll do it
hey ready Laura Laura one three four
five four seven oh okay so she only goes
up to six but she's doing it like over
and over and over again
hey does she just do a nine nine and
nine - now I wanted case he wants a
taste I'm cutting onions and he wants a
taste and what kind of a mother would I
be if I said no hado
