I didn't think I was gonna get to me
over it totaled it
alright so we're headed into their home
school program today Annie lease can
walk only a little tiny bit so we're
strolling her in and then she's going to
use the stroller while she's there today
as kind of a wheelchair mostly they're
in the same class the most of the day in
her age group so it should work out okay
Lisa are you excited to go to school
today yeah
good jobs or what a big helper
so we're shopping today just a short
grocery shopping trip but Caleb's been
pointing a lot to signs and asking what
they say and so I showed him the science
sale and how to sound it out and now
he's pointing to sale everywhere in the
store and say mom get that one what did
you just find for sale hi what did you
find for sale buddy that is what is it
cucumbers should we get some yep so also
bread was on sale so I got like seven
loaves should we go get some cheese way
funny more you want to find more sale
what else you let me know what else is
for sale
do you see anything that's for sale sale
I still don't think we'll get that buddy
but good find let's keep looking for
them what'd you get Carly yeah
cheese Colby jack cheese to enjoy what
ha me shopping what'd you get
alright just in case you were curious
that was my children throwing me massive
Tantrums in the checkout line today
so yeah Laura was just screaming and
Caleb kept squeezing her head and Caleb
kept trying to climb out and it's a bit
of a mess so definitely time for lunch
and nap time
oh and I did buy myself a little treat
just for surviving it all Lori can you
say bless you thank you so I was over
putting stuff into the freezer and I
he's and I hear a little voice from the
car saying bless you oh okay so when we
got to Heidi there's like a fire truck
and an ambulance out front and Caleb was
just full of questions about it we had
to stand and watch as they brought
someone out and talk about what they
were doing and where they were taking
the person and anyway as you guys know
anytime I see an ambulance or a fire
truck it's hard for me not to tear up so
we're just saying a prayer for them and
whatever it is they're going through and
that's what worked alright Jeremy came
home to rescue me he's with me for
lunchtime and unpacking all of this
goodness what you having for lunch grape
sugar juice are you calming down I'm
sorry you were upset buycks Hardman tr3
what are you god you're eating popcorn
oh you're using all your muscles did you
do it I didn't think I was gonna get to
me oh but it totally did well I was just
gonna tell you guys that I'm making
dinner from scratch tonight and I'm
really proud of myself because all of
the meals that I cook are always freezer
meals and so I was at the grocery store
today and they had samples of this like
tomato
risk and I have a favorite recipe that
it reminded me of a home so I'm making a
tomato wild rice soup it has like fresh
basil and it's really yummy I got some
bread to go with it but here I am
cutting up the onions and just crying so
any that's alright why'd you ask for
cubby I wanted case he wants a taste I'm
cutting onions and he wants a taste and
what kind of a mother would I be if I
said no there you go
spicy and it spicy this boiler is Diet
yes right cubby you don't have to eat
that do you want to eat it the kid won't
eat any vegetables at his meal but he
just ate like an entire piece of an
onion all right here's the recipe in
case somebody is interested I do a few
things different I don't use a pint of
heavy cream I just use a cup or two of
whole milk because that's what we
usually have on hand and it makes it a
little bit healthier so right now I've
got some oil and butter melting down I'm
gonna add the carrots and the onions
which if you notice I use a lot more
courage than that calls for high more
when you like tomatoes or cucumbers or
lettuce or broth
okay I'll get thrust him I said brass so
this if I'm making calls for fresh basil
which I didn't have and I didn't think
to go to the grocery store but I
remembered that one of my friends has a
huge garden she's a neighbor and so I
called her and asked if she had any
fresh basil and I went into her backyard
and she has loads of it actually one
back sorry anyway it felt so fun to get
fresh like herbs straight from the
garden like they're so fragrant it made
me want to start gardening anyway II
smells good huh here's this little girl
up walking around you want to smell the
basil I am home from work and we are
doing soup again but I this is probably
my favorite soup I love soup especially
in the fall so we're probably seeing
more soup and I guess while I was gone
they were investigating these different
types of apples deciding which one they
liked better so what it what are the
different types we looked at the
difference on the outside and on the
inside and this is the gala Apple and
this was a Jonathan Apple and then we
all tasted them and the verdict was
which one do we like that would you like
better I galya galya you like it better
easy because hey that one didn't have my
favorite it didn't really have my
favorite sweet but that was her favorite
sweet sweet this one's sweet okay yeah
you guys having your favorite sweet is
very important which one did you like
better Jonathan that's a cool name for
an apple huh do you guys have a favorite
apple there's granny smith apples and
Fuji apples and there's Golden Delicious
Washington's something oh how we do yes
my half double yeah sure I'm happy
alright cabbie declared that it was time
to get some footie pajamas on I think
it's still a little too warm but he's
just too cute in them little bit slick
Oh what are you doing
so we decided to clean up mom and Isaac
are gone they're going to be back soon
what we threw up the Barney & Friends on
Pandora so we're going to clean up while
singing songs we're you're happy end you
know then your face will surely show it
if you're happy and you know it stomp
your feet if you're happy and you know
it shout hooray know it shout 'hurray
before we go to bed we say her and then
we all give hugs and boys give each
other a cuddle a Huggle apparently
that's what many problems don't push him
to death
dear Sam so Kendra got a comment
yesterday that she was responding to
where they were like how do you have it
all together and your kids are always so
nice and the food's always ready and I
came in from home and like the kids were
just screaming at me and caleb was like
banging's
