the morning
we just found a cricket in our house
kids don't like keep uh something night
there's time the way that I even
discovered that there is a cricket in
our house is I heard the front door open
and I come running over to these stairs
and Caleb and Laura are standing next to
it
these two are little partners in crime
where do you think you're headed me open
the door oh we are gonna have to get a
big walk the top of that door just to
keep us safe but anyway more important
updates poor little Miss Elise her ankle
is not feeling that much better it is
feeling a little bit worse how you doing
Lise oh and I like it when I lady you're
reading some books
oh yes in any way she can move as if
she's hopping on one foot and if she
needs to go kind of far this all needs
to hold her hand wash it's hopping on
one yeah I've seen you helping her today
and his daddy carried you a bit mm-hmm
yep all right so we've read some books
and we decide to come over here and
attempt to all color together these
loves to color and Laura is trying Nora
is trying anyway I'm actually really
excited because I printed off an adult
coloring page for me so I show it to you
guys it's not like fun it looks really
relaxing to me so I want to try it the
question is how long she'll let me last
all right well Elise finished hers up
doesn't that look awesome and this is
how far I got on mine it just it takes a
long time there's a lot of detail to it
so anyway it's gonna be fun so I'm
excited about my own color
pages because it gives me an excuse to
sit down and be present with them while
they're coloring usually when they color
that's my time to go clean the kitchen
and do other things but this really
helps me remember to sit down and be
present even if it's just for a few
minutes it's good talking time on your
color room so you may have heard it's
good for relaxing to somebody calling
your baby
I know oh yeah
mom just dropped a big thing as
strawberries on the floor
good thing I'm opt yesterday so I was
eating the strawberries we were all
eating the strawberries and Kendra's
like oh by the way those all fell on the
floor when I go well that's good to know
we were talking about this five-second
rule
I had question for you guys do you
follow the five-second rule like do you
eat stuff even if it's on the ground and
or do you not and why so so for me it
totally depends in this scenario I
mopped my kitchen floor yesterday they
fell all over I picked him up
immediately I washed him off real good
I'm not gonna let that whole thing go to
waste when we say it depends like it
depends on the icing water and it
depends on the type of food chain okay
what do you think Isaac we the 1,000
stuff stripe subscribers cake that fell
on the ground
yeah and that was moist family secrets
Isaac we did still end up eating
okay so let us know for you would you
have eaten the strawberries after they
fell on the floor Isaac came up to me
because he really wanted me to do
something with him
what was it you wanted me to do family
search so there's a website
familysearch.org where you can like look
up your family tree and Isaac loves it
he loves looking at his ancestors and
how its listed out and so I'm proud of
you that you want to do that so we did
that for a little bit it was fun well
I'm still waking up for my nap you least
wanted to come and help Mom with dinner
and Laura of course wasn't going to let
any of that happen without her sitting
up here as well so I'm going to stand
here just to make sure she doesn't die
very important and you're making this
like white chicken broccoli lasagna
one of our favorites it's white chicken
lasagna that's really good it's really
good just - so one of the layers we add
a whole bag of frozen broccoli - but the
other layers we just keep normal with
the sauce it's a freezer meal that's why
it's in a bag so instead of putting it
into a bowl I just defrosted in the bag
and then clip the tip and then squeeze
it up that's what Eve Eve out wrist meal
yeah and it's so yeah I mean this is
really one of my favorite meals it's so
good so I put Caleb to bed in his like
play clothes and I knew that he was
going to retox evidenced by over there
and apparently he also decided to change
in these church clothes which means that
it just was it keep climbing up the bins
to get the stuff off thing
did you put your church clothes on what
you know the color is a little silly did
you want to wear your church clothes in
action look he buttoned it all good he
went to second this is not even better I
didn't hear him normally we hear him
that kind of stuff but then you went
back to bed which is the most important
part of the story
knuckle bud she wants to blink it on
them all they lay down okay good night
children if not last a while let's get
out of here we'll come back into this
Laura will be in her church close to you
good all right so that left foot is
still not working out so what we did is
we actually talked to an orthopedic
surgeon and a podiatrist that we have we
are taking her to a children's specialty
Urgent Care in the area to have it
evaluated
so we decided that I'm gonna take Elise
but I also took a stroller so I can move
her around so yeah good luck with the
kiddos hopefully it's not broken we're
all checked in and Elise is pretty
excited because what they put you in
yeah what's it called uh wheel check a
wheelchair let's see your setup
so of course Elise has to try it this
may very well entertainer for the whole
weight don't go so fast ma'am okay all
right so the verdict is in and Elise
just has a sprain yeah I'm so grateful
we don't have to deal with more doctor's
appointments and a cast for weeks and
I'm so glad you are gonna be feeling
better soon I'm glad we came here to
just check it out and see if it's that
and if it was like that we need it like
it needed to take longer yeah but
luckily it's just a spring yeah yep so
the doctor said to wear the brace for a
few days up to a week and that hopefully
it would heal up and so I hope she can
still go to our activities tomorrow and
by next week be dancing and playing away
maybe that's good to have little Lucy
back could not get this guy to go to
sleep you wanted to wait to see his
sister what do you think what is it
Thank You grace so we're gonna try to
get these little goobers that want to
give us a Jay house out yeh house daddy
Jay house out Jay how sad
touchdown
good catch bud good job
