all right Caleb what are we gonna make
okay a cake for why um because it's our
vlogs for damn logs birthday so we're
going to make a cake because that's what
celebrations mean at our house cakes
okay all right now what do we need to
read the instructions what does it say
we need
eggs how many 3 1 2 3 3 eggs you're
right let's do it you'll whack it and
then you stick both your thumbs in and
pull it apart yeah okay so right here a
little bit harder oh good shot up put
both your thumbs in put both your thumbs
inside of it yep and then you pull it
apart hey good work
ok now dump it in very good very good
that's why will you want to do with this
yeah because I like working with you
you're a hard worker so it's our vlogs
birthday now our vlog is one year old
well what I how is it 1 year old because
we started it a year ago so I wanted to
tell you guys I'm so irritated last
night I started mowing and I didn't
finish and I don't know if you're gonna
be able to see like there's like a line
a distinct line and the lawn
anyway I the camera is not picking up
well so I'm not sure if you're Millis
yet but it reminds me of when I was like
14 or 15 years old I was taking a shower
and I was shaving my legs I was in a big
hurry and I got distracted and I jumped
out of the shower and hurried off to
wherever I was going and I got there and
I had one leg shaved and the other leg
was like still hairy and I was so
embarrassed and that's what my lawn is
reminding me of right now it's like a
one hairy leg lon all right there was a
knock at the door
so Luke and Allie are coming to play all
day and spend the night and play
tomorrow so we've got some pretty
excited kids over here what did you say
hi look at all those cute butts
all right ready set go get dragon
everybody line up
get in the ready position and one two
three you guys are great in that so even
though my niece and nephew are here for
the day I decided just to stick with our
regular routine and so right now we're
doing quiet time and I got a pile of
books for everybody and everybody's
quiet and reading and afterwards I think
we're going to do some book reports like
just let each child share what their
favorite book was for reading time so
the most important reason that I do
quiet time and my family is because I
need that chance in the middle of the
day to just take a deep breath and kind
of recenter myself and so I tend to do
exactly what I'm doing right now I make
myself a yummy lunch usually of
leftovers and then I spend some time
either reading a book that is inspiring
to me or reading out of like a
devotional book or something so what I'm
doing just a little me time than all the
day it's raining outside so we're stuck
in a little more than I had hoped to be
today so I'm actually going to introduce
the kids to origami I found these and I
think the dollar store and so we're
gonna give it a try and see what they
think of is Isaac Sean they are twins
here I kept guessing here's the one I
made them teach him how to do it
the funniest / scariest thing just
happened I was frosting the cake over in
the kitchen and all of a sudden I hear
FaceTime ringing on my phone and I come
running because I see Laura with it I'm
like who is she facetiming and she waved
she's like hi and look who it is
wait look who it is it's Jeremy oh
you're just running away with him now
anyway I'm really glad that was Jeremy I
guess I just put down my phone and so I
guess it wasn't locked yet so Jeremy
just got home and he was at me
we put on bubble duty I am not doing
very good on the bubble blower you're
holding the wrong side there yucky don't
eat them I blowed what and he's figuring
it out bus for dinner Oh pizza it says
for dinner we've got some grapes oranges
how cucumbers carrots how do you sign oh
yeah I do not know the sign for pizza we
will have to learn it anyway who wants
to watch a movie tonight who wants to
eat some cake tonight
what's what birthday are we celebrating
today all on their own and what do you
think Laura me sad because she's back to
the pizza it's completely raining my
friends and she's out here taking it for
the team these orange cones are
important to Isaac and Jeremy takes it
for the team most of the time in our
life but anytime there's like a chance
of lightning it's my job so I have a
little bit of a phobia okay I'm not
ashamed I'm not embarrassed look at that
wind I know we are celebrating one year
I wish we could be sharing with all of
you guys but I can't believe it's been a
year and yet it also feels like it's
been forever
it's one of those things that is so much
a part of our lives did see all of us
can't imagine life without it so happy
blonde we're free okay Isaac what is one
of the things you have loved this year
of vlogging I love it you went on our
grandma and Papa and poppy Keith and
really Joe and they came over around
Christmas that was fun we should go back
and watch around that area company what
did you love about vlogging this year I
can't do it yet because I love this full
Halley singing right now oh okay
cake Abby what was one of the things you
loved about longing this year I love did
that we were gonna get a new one and I
was going with Daddy and nobody else and
then we were gonna get a new one and
then we undead the plan
when we went to Best Buy to look at
cameras he looked into the vlog in a
very physical form the vlog is at camera
Lisi what did you love about this year
of vlogging I'm getting my haircut that
was a fun one huh I loved it
gotta edit it just from me yep uh-huh
Luke what do you like about the vlog
this year how it was awesome watching it
and I love golliwog Oh every Sunday
do you guys on Sunday you'd sit down and
watch it every night every Sunday okay
Maureen what you love about the vlog
Ellie that keeps giving me something to
do when I'm bored I think that's good I
think that that was fit for a lot of
people who watch our vlogs so what did
you like about vlogging this year glad
that you like to have a bite you liked
all the cake for all the celebration I
said like that's what good all right
daddy um-hmm what has been your favorite
part of vlogging this year hey come back
to you on that I don't know let me think
about it for a second
that's tough you're really close so the
kids are inside watching frozen and it's
such a good movie I've only seen it a
couple times but just one great song
right after another for those first like
20 minutes it's pretty amazing when I
was growing up Little Mermaid Beauty and
the Beast were kind of the big shows and
then I had a younger siblings up watch
like a Latin and Lion King everyday and
so I got kind of sick of those I'm sure
some of you feel that way with frozen
but I was wondering what is the Disney
cartoon that you maybe watched over and
over and over again when you were a kid
so let me know in the comments below
all right so I had the chance to think
about what I have loved about belonging
this year and actually went back and
watched our 1-month vlog over Surrey and
our six-month log over Surrey if you
haven't seen those it's hilarious you
should go back and see those but I'm so
grateful that I get to watch everyday
what my kids are doing and what Kendra
is doing and I gained a lot of respect
for her as a mom just so impressed with
what she does and I enjoy editing like
it's a ton of work and it takes a lot of
time but to be able to decide what it is
we want to share with you and the
interaction that we're able to have on
YouTube it's just oh it's a really cool
thing so thanks so much for coming along
for the ride and being a part of our
family Jay house out
