Suns not up and I am heading out to have
hey this is for par or I mean it's
happening all day long to both get par
here all right so I am actually not
feeling very well today I think it must
be some sort of head cold I don't know
if allergies are a part of it but I'm
definitely not a hundred percent so
Caleb is working on these punch cards
I just took index cards and cut him in
half and wrote numbers on them and then
he knows he has to put that many holes
in each card how many car holes did you
put in that one one two three very good
Isaac is over here working on
subtraction with renaming are you
starting to get it
awesome a neat lease is sorting money
alright once again jab a man is natural
a habitat with the ball right here
the club right there he's gonna hit it
like that oh it's going where it needs
to go hey it was it was towards the flag
it's on the green you can grab your
putter now Congrats
anyways you know subscribers and I
Knowles don't so Isaac stop playing that
football in the backyard right now and
he just came running in with this like
huge grin on his face he's like look
what I found and what is it it's our key
it's her key to our car we hadn't even
realized it was missing yet so anyway
somehow one of the keys to our car was
in the middle of the backyard in just
like the grass and Isaac good fine dude
thank you
well we finished off golfing he only
tried to hit me once with the ball yeah
the ricochet off minor concussion
why do I think I hit you it was very
close it was very close it ricocheted
off of a bridge well here's the thing
guys I've only been playing golf like
three months or so three four months and
normally my drives are terrible but
today they were amazing but everything
else yeah yeah there were these 80 year
old guys out there just crushing us it
was terrible yeah yes excellent you they
were they were beating us yeah and I
were with us so that so we gotta come
again oh we gotta do it again we're
gonna do it again and get better at golf
so Austin's a really great guy if you
didn't know they do have a YouTube
channel but naive Knowles they have two
cute little kids Britney's about to have
a third and so you definitely should go
check them out and I'm excited I'm gonna
be golfing more often with Austin
because we're both around a similar
level of badness and so it's not too
intimidating for you either of us to go
out and try to get better together so it
was a lot of fun alright did you wake up
now my senior all right I just got home
and I was greeted by this little man
what's this you playing with ice Laura
loves ice so much are you only ice
it cubby how how'd you get up there
buddy okay bud can I go ahead and take
you down you okay
I was playing football with Isaac and we
got a ball stuck in the storm drain if
you can see that up there this soup is
amazing my favorite part of it is the
noodles what they're like a little tiny
baby noodle balls I don't even remember
what they're called let's see if I can
show you some so you have this like
incredible layer of cheese and then
these little noodle balls tomato and
celery and zucchini they're much bigger
than couscous like couscous is so small
and these are like had substance but
they're not too big
we have mom has made this a couple times
it's really yummy what's it called
intestines just Laura's down in it yeah
she is you see she just it'll hold
zucchini oh come back out
pretend that you're sleeping in here
that tickles
there's often a tickle monster okay to
get the tickle monster
mom
so they sing me to sleep my singing
twinkle twinkle little star
you sing twinkle twinkle OH
gonna get you oh you guys ready so they
get into their positions
so with the kids playing outside really
hard every day we've been eating to paid
them every day and with all four kids
every night it's intense
come back okay so lore I did not want to
get out of the bathtub we're trying to
find her binky's this happens at least
once a day where she's like really
frustrated and we can't find her anyway
it's an everyday thing it's crazy all
right so every night before the kids go
to bed well most every night we read a
chapter book aloud together and we've
read lots of different bugs the Boxcar
Children 50 longstockings I don't know
my mind is blank
well we've read a bunch of them and
right now what we are working on is the
Milly Molly Mandy's storybook I've got
this nice hardcover edition of it that I
found at the thrift store so we're
enjoying that and anyway I was just
wondering what you guys are currently
reading what's on your bookshelf what
are you currently reading so let us know
in the comments below and what do you
guys want to say Jay Jay house out night
night so I had to dive in and try it too
it looked like too much fun and it was
really like really fun I can see what he
does want to stop all the other kids
have cleared out and caleb is still
still working on
