Kalib wave goodbye bye all right we are
all loaded into the van and today is a
busy day we are running to garden
cooking class we are running to piano
ballet and flag football and I've got
stuff going on tonight so it's like a
run run run day I purposely scheduled
all of our lessons kind of on the same
day my concept was that we would have
one day be kind of crazy and fully
interrupted but then we have other days
later in the week where we can just stay
home and we don't have to deal with any
interruptions so hopefully that turns
out to be a good plan only time will
tell
what are you getting beans beans today
oh you want to help anymore
it got real did you get like oh wow
after activities we always loved on
beautiful days going to the park so
we're just here with a bunch of friends
of the party hi all right so I think I
either have seasonal fall allergies or
I'm getting a head cold either way like
I have a runny nose and I feel like
really congested in my head and like I
think I have like some sinus pressure
going on and I've been sneezing a bunch
but I kind of tend to get the same cold
every fall so is that allergies I don't
know I'm really grateful I don't have
the kind of allergies that like when I
go out I can't just enjoy being outside
so I'm really grateful for that but
anyway do you guys have allergies I have
never really known if I do or not but
somebody's looking excited yes I'm
kidding
I just got ready and Caleb helpful ooh
Oh you've helped you pack let me see
what's in your bag let's see what do you
have I got my water bottle tap shoes and
ballet shoes or he headed to dance class
all right so we are doing a maker
challenge when we're home this afternoon
oh there goes the timer time to rotate
anyway so we are all building boats and
I set a timer for three minutes and
every three minutes we pass what we're
building to the next person and then we
continue building on that one this is
Elise is she just got it back I said did
you put wheels on that too oh yeah oh
the wheels are the escape pod and Issac
also added a couch my president for a
meeting and there's four escape pod what
do you think Lise I love it love it how
about yours buddy what do you think of
it ah I made what I made like realize
you made light spoilers yeah real light
all the blue parts the lights Isaac and
Lacey did the rainbow up the back
that's pretty cool and I added the
steering wheel yeah and the windshield
even dip it alright cubby here's how
yours turned out what do you think I'm
gonna make a bomb small face it's a bomb
yes mom why do you want a bomb on it how
do I put the bomb on
I don't think yours needs a bomb okay
you turn it over and then different so
there were a few moments of stress as
people were altering other people's
designs but there were also moments of
like real excitement like look what I'm
adding to yours Isaac or Isaac getting
excited about you Lise like yay like you
put that on mine I'm so excited about it
all right so I'm headed out to something
kind of interesting tonight it's called
vlog talk Casey and it's a group of
Kansas City bloggers that are getting
together and learning about Instagram
and my friend organized it so I said hey
I'm a blogger but can I come and so I'm
gonna be the weird one holding my camera
and talking to it tonight this is my
friend Jillian and she's a photographer
in the area and so she's coming too so
this is going to be a different kind of
networking event remember I'm an
introvert like I'm Way out of my comfort
zone guys wish me luck
thank you
so all right so I'm here with all of
these ladies a so where'd my luggage of
course I'm talking in the bathroom but
um we've been having a really great
night there was a presenter who talked
to us all about Instagram and who knew
that there was so much to learn about
Instagram clearly I need to at least be
instagramming more and it's just been
really fun to connect with other ladies
that are using different mediums like
vlog or Instagram to share messages of
the world and so I really enjoyed it I'm
kind of proud of myself that I haven't
been totally nervous I've been able to
just have fun and just be myself and
meet new people so is learning new
things I'm just amazed at how much this
experience of vlogging has helped me
come out of my shell in this last two
years let's have fun other things of
note elsewhere at this amazing
restaurant is called tres Amer is in the
Briarcliff village which is north of
Kansas City but they provided all these
appetizers and it's so delicious so I
just feel like I'm kind of being
pampered and getting this evening out
and I know Jeremy's at home just
wrestling with all the kids
so anyway sorry
well I'm home from work and Isaac just
said my tummy what'd you say how'd you
say tell me really fat yeah that made me
feel good kids we are gonna be having a
baby I'm pregnant
you know let's see horses their dad get
pregnant not in moms whoa I wish I was a
seahorse okay so we just talked in here
for about two hours it was so fun to
hear about all these different women
arguing and to meet them all
so I'm home
and I wanted to share with you guys how
weird Jeremy is talam Jeremy Mike
confessing this is it time are we close
enough that they can know about this
this is so he takes the tortilla wait I
have to end like the crunchy nut part at
the bottom he pours it into a bowl
he puts salsa on top of it stirs up and
eats it like a bowl of cereal so it's at
the end of the bag like there's just
crumbs left and a lot of people would
just throw the crumbs away although
we're not wasteful no no so I have some
salsa in there and I just dump the
crumbs you know in there and but then
the chips aren't big enough to pick them
up with your hands and your hands get
all like gross so I just eat it with the
spoon so there he is eaten is Bowl is it
that weird tell me I'm right on this one
tell me I'm right I think it's weird I
can't like see my parents do this I just
thought it would work and it does
alright so I was telling Jeremy about
this awesome thing that I went to like
fun right sad I didn't go there was all
girls you were too stuck out like a sore
bearded thumb anyway I hope you guys are
having a fun day I hope you had a really
amazing dessert tonight because I want
to eat this but it's almost too pretty
to eat so I hope you were eating
something yummy in my behalf she will
something better than chips ins also
cereal and that's all for tonight you
ready go slow
