son son son son honey big that's the
sign for Sun so the sign for Sun what
can you say son I want
good morning friends today is Saturday
and I spent the morning at our local
grocery store doing my freezer club
which I love so I just chatted with my
friends and cooked up I think it is 11
meals today so I want to show you guys
what I got some of them are meals we've
tried before and love and some of them
are new meals to us so today we got cook
once eat twice it starts out as beef
sliders and becomes amazing chimichangas
and we've got chicken cacciatore which
is a new one we haven't done before one
of my favorite soups it's Tuscan chicken
soup I got two of those this is another
new meal it's crock-pot chicken Caesar
pitas see what we think of that this is
honey pecan chicken thighs this is
another new meal pesto chicken put pasta
shells so those are stuffed shells this
is beef barley stew I got two of those
because in the fall I just love stews
and soups anyway and then we got
pepperoni rolls which you can't go wrong
with that I'm going to eat those for a
lunch one day I think and this is
another new recipe sweet potato and
veggie soup so anyway this is something
that my local grocery store puts on I
absolutely love it I stock up and then I
use these meals like throughout the next
month or two and I go once a month and
it's a great great system I'm really
lucky
Leeson I just ran to Target to get some
tights for ballet and our target just
installed these fun new Kings do you
want to try at least alright let me show
you how it works
okay I remember the very first time I
saw self-checkout somewhere and I
thought it was so cool so anyway what
did you think I loved it
so this is just my cell phone sorry it's
not as good but I had the video this and
Kendra's gone with our camera Caleb
didn't take a nap so he wanted to come
out and do some football with us shuffle
shuffle shuffle nail runner in and run
okay now shuffle again shuffle shuffle
okay now back pedal back back back
backwards pump those arms
we're doing some deep cleaning kendra
has been going through her cupboards and
there's just a lot of like homeschool
stuff it's hard to organize it was like
the beginning of the deep cleaning like
we only had like 45 minutes and so
anyway we still need to wipe off the
counters and finish him stuff but there
was like a first attempt to clean out
this and that like those are the puzzles
and we still have to organize that thing
it's not too far though I mean like so
she has all these you know it's just
organizing everything essentially it's
just an elephant and you have to eat it
one bite at a time yep
but we did we used to have a whole stack
of games here they're gone so we're
making progress so while we've been
cleaning this Elise has been puzzling
mm-hm how many did you do one two three
four hungry
you guys excited have the babysitter
coming yeah did you take too big a bite
are you taking a huge bite gotta be
careful all right it's date night and we
are looking at glasses you know we did a
video a couple days ago and you guys
gave us more responses I think we have
more comments on that video than any of
yours awesome thank you so much for the
help but unfortunately you guys don't
agree with each other you all have
different opinions I just super
indecisive and Jeremy hasn't seen any
glasses on me in person ever so for date
night I decided to drag him out here and
we would try on some together
okay so we're at Texas Roadhouse eating
the rolls and the cinnamon butter
young man all right we just got home
from date night we're gonna reunite with
the kids is that your babysitter Oh
mommy city is that your baby are you
changing the baby's diaper diapers how
are you she's in a kissy mood again you
see J house out 4s Laura well that's
great no well it's red pants green cats
oops oops
