all right good morning we are doing
family math time this morning and Elise
has been sorting and counting fruit
loops I should think
oh it's also our snack and she just
recorded all of those numbers Isaac's
been doing some math review sheets and
Caleb what have you been up to eating
and laura has been up to throwing them
all over the ground haven't yet anyway
Jeremy left early this morning to head
out for getting prepped for his trial
and he's going to be gone all day I
think we're gonna meet him somewhere for
dinner and then he might be home by like
midnight tonight we'll see so fingers
crossed wishing him luck
what and wish me luck for making it
through a whole day and a night without
him so Caleb and Laura keep me on my
toes pretty much all day every day and
sometimes I think I'm gonna pull my hair
out but then I see my lips like this
well that's great no well it's red pants
green pants oops oops okay so I guess
we'll keep them now Miss Elise is
working on some pattern to your swimming
this one is not that far dish one is
Mary I bet you can figure this one out
ready blue yellow orange blue yellow
orange blue yellow or listen to the
pattern again there's that orange really
got a point there yellow orange yeah
that's right what comes after the orange
blue what comes up to the blue yellow
what comes after the yellow
the orange blue yellow orange how are
you today so after school this morning
we went over to hang out with my friend
Amy she's another homeschooling mom she
has five kids she lives in this area and
she's been homeschooling for a long time
and over those years she has accumulated
a wealth of knowledge about
homeschooling and a lot of homeschooling
stuff so I'll be over there and we're
chatting and I'm like oh hey have you
heard of this math manipulative and
she's like oh yeah I've got it you wanna
borrow it Mike okay and then I'll say oh
did you see there's like this reading
curriculum and she's like oh yeah I have
that we use that a few years ago do you
want to borrow it and like okay so look
what I came home with from her house
seriously like this is almost
embarrassing but she also she had a big
box of stuff that she was taking to the
thrift store and it had a bunch of
homeschooling stuff in it so she's like
hey do you want this do you want this
I'm like sure so I got several big floor
puzzles which Caleb loves these are
puzzle books which I had never heard of
before but I'm really excited I think
especially Elyse is gonna really like
those then this is a Spanish memory game
and this is a like handwriting
manipulative thing that I think will be
great for Caleb and Elyse there's a
color matching game these place value
blocks we are just borrowing and then
there's all these flashcards some Ramona
books this book about teaching the
parables of Jesus to children a bunch of
other flashcards this reading curriculum
I'm really excited to look closer at and
she's got the flashcards to do that what
your second grader needs to know a
devotional book for me a math matching
game and some other workbooks so anyway
I'm just amazed with her generosity and
her willingness to share what she has
and just so grateful like not just
talking about the stuff that she shared
with me but just her knowledge like she
was explaining how she gives the kids
their lesson plans and how she does this
and it's just so nice to learn from
those that are ahead of us on the path
of life you playing with the baby sweet
girl yeah okay lemons are over here
would you make dude okay KC for KC
Royals I totally see it that's awesome
be here everyone I know not care yeah
that's awesome
now that so we are here at a homeschool
Lego activity of the library and I had
to wake up Lord to bring her so she's
still trying to kind of come into a dog
and it's been very nice all right would
you make time ago and then I broke apart
tell me what did you make
all right since Jeremy is working so
hard today he is meeting us out here at
the restaurant for dinner where he could
have come home and had dinner but he
always gets sucked into staying for a
while and so we figured this way we
could just meet up see each other for a
minute if you could eat and then have no
stress and head right back to work so
we're going to meet up with him here
oh and did I mention we're actually of
course I am base
how are you
what all right well it's goodbye and
good luck to Jeremy can you guys give
daddy hugs - goodbye
your daddy hard to say good luck
I just got to finalize everything so
it's all ready to go for opening direct
cross-examination closing argument all
right so we decided to go on a walk
again before bedtime get some last
wiggles out and then hope for the best
with bedtime but check out who's going
on the walk with me we have super elese
my boy Wow football like I thought your
sport guy and a bad guy yes I don't like
so I just change it just one what's your
name
I can't talk oh okay I can save the
world you can save the world
yes all right I have super power and I
can touch this sky what kind of super
powers do you have I have freeze powers
um turn into anything powers well mostly
horse I choose and I have forest fields
running fast speeds out speed power and
it got punching power at cricket
power and I got um saving babies and I
got saving the whole world
awesome I'm glad we have super release
come on Gabi come on yeah I gotta figure
out when to go grab you know my kids and
I'm a genius we're currently locked out
of our house we have a like passcode on
our garage and they can't remember the
code so I'm calling Jeremy and hoping he
answers
hey um what's the code for our boss
all right well Jeremy knew the code and
save the day so we are inside we're
gonna do bedtime wish me luck
you guys gonna stage a house out yeah
there we go
Jay huh sad see you tomorrow Laura can
push you yeah
Hey
