unidentified flying object like a alien
food yet so there's that jet
and then just below the airstream here
is the UFO morning friends so Isaac has
been begging me for months to learn how
to do something on it to edit he has
been wanting to edit videos and to see
how it works
so go ahead split it right there yep now
if you want to delete that part you're
going to delete right here he'll be what
are you doing this morning wow those are
your pajama pants and that is your
pajama shirt so for the last few days
I've been doing something different in
the morning and what I've been doing is
instead of when I first wake up
immediately checking my phone and
checking Facebook and Instagram and
Twitter and seeing what happened through
the night updating myself on what
everybody else is doing instead of doing
that I've been very deliberately
choosing to not pick up my phone at all
and instead I'm spending those first
five or ten minutes of the morning
praying and reading from the scriptures
and reading from uplifting books and
texts and focusing on the atonement of
Jesus Christ and my relationship with
Christ and what I can do to strengthen
my soul it's just I've really enjoyed it
it's funny like sometimes it seems like
it's going to take something so big and
so hard to make differences in our life
but sometimes it's the little tiny
things that make the biggest difference
Laura can push you be careful oh you
want to push cubby she wants a push can
you get down give her a push this time
so during quiet time today at least has
been making jewelry mm-hmm these are
supposed to be rings but she figured out
they can also be clip-on earrings mm-hmm
and then is this your necklace well like
my dress it's Richard it is a recipe
necklace so very fun let's see here
stand back just a little bit so you can
see it better we made it a lot yeah it
is really long have you guys seen these
before they're called pop beads Lisa can
you show them how they put them together
so you just snap them together and you
can make things that are all sorts of
different patterns so the kids are doing
their new handwriting program which is
called draw right now I got it as a
hand-me-down from my mom and it looked
really cool so I figured we'd try it and
I eat and liking it at the moment so
here's all the kids are working on it so
they draw on this side and then they
write those sentences so here's I wrote
it for these to be able to copy it see
how my next one
I'm staying in the line he did go dude
he's home I'm a charcoal are you a
charger Nauticus Laura found a fun game
sure she initially like did it on
accident she like bumped into me and
fell through and she's like wait a
second I can go through the legs
miss Laura miss Laura you playing with
your daddy
what's for dinner it smells like super
good it is whoa Evan so for dinner we
have a rice and this is chicken two bean
chili freezer meal yummy are you playing
with them little stinks dinner juicy
best buds best foot thick fat I think
she said bestest buds with VidCon
vlogger fair CVX live all the trips we
did this summer our yard has suffered I
have neglected it look how long this is
oh my goodness and the weeds are getting
like out of control
so manual labor can be so therapeutic
and stress relieving like there's no
serious risk analysis or cost-benefit
analysis that I'm running I just have a
job that needs to get done and you see
it get done in like an hour hour and a
half and you feel good about it look who
came out to say hi
timeout so that spider was huge you got
to see this again it got some major
error so I back it up did you see how
much air the spider got jumping and me
running away completely scared classic
okay Simon it is a huge spider spider
was like running right towards me you
guys this is the most embarrassing weed
of them all yeah that's a weed the weed
is bigger than me I let it weed grow
bigger than me I get an F for yard care
were you guys head in a lot going on a
walk so the weather is like perfect for
a walk these are shooting star
I think that's an airplane looks like
another airplane or we have a UFO
sighting whoa what do you guys think
unidentified flying object like a alien
spaceship so there's that jet and then
just below the airstream here is the UFO
it's that little dot down below maybe
it's a little plane maybe it's a
satellite is that how you're gonna go on
a walk we can't figure out why the
neighbors just like look at us funny
when we're like out and about and we're
talking to ourselves on the camera
well I'm not quite done it's getting
darker but I just love the feel the
smell the look a fresh-cut grass
so the other really cool thing about
mowing the lawn is that I've finished my
opening statement in my mind so I'm able
to like work on that the whole time I'm
out of here
it's a good opening statement hey you
guys whoa are you writing on top we had
an awesome walk isaac was like throwing
the football and Elise was jumping
around and leaping and changing
everybody into different things and
Laura said hello to everybody we passed
they're all gone
huge like surprises the camera I'm tired
they're not gonna go to sleep worn out
today I have a good story for you though
so this is a story of good karma and
she'll appreciate this okay so with my
trial I haven't been taking any emails
or phone calls anything like that but a
woman called today meeting pro bono huh
where you know I wouldn't get paid the
helper and I would told my legal
assistant Lee just set up an appointment
for Monday and it was a really urgent
matter so I was like okay I'll take the
call and I'm on the phone advising her
and I looked down while I'm giving her
advice and I find this
for over a month we have missed my
wireless mouse that I use for all my
editing and working with this annoying
Mouse that just doesn't its accorded not
just the cord is the fact we like
doesn't look at your movements right
sure but we knew it was somewhere we've
been blaming it on Caleb yeah we thought
for sure or that for sure that they
threw it away but it had fallen down
like in all my cords and so you were
giving in the University of bhakti
exactly yeah you do good to others and
good things coming your way it's a true
principle so Wow on that now yes we are
and for the night around here I am going
to serve myself and they all want to
come out and have some so we'll be
quietly enjoying okay yeah me okay Jay
how so I think I'm like the only mom
that cry dropping her kids off at home
school co-op like anyway I just was
really excited for the kids
