at least where you going today to my
first day that Academy yeah your first
day at the school huh are you excited
are you a little nervous but I need to
get my school that really fat second
beyond paralyzing Annalise had their
backpack in Caleb wanted one too
all right big boy let's go get in the
car just dropped Isaac any lease off and
I think I'm like the only mom that cry
dropping her kids off at homeschool
co-op like anyway I just was really
excited for the kids and so grateful for
the opportunity that we have to
home-school and that we found this
program that they can have this
experience along with home schooling and
the kids were excited and they just like
gave me a hug and a kiss and waved
goodbye to me and I'm excited for the
day they're gonna have and the friends
are gonna make and the warm fuzzies it
was warm fuzzy happy cries not
devastated cries all right guys I just
have two kids at the grocery store I'm
not going to know what to do with myself
you guys going to keep me entertained
drive that car
whoa go slow
DC agos let's go see guys Halloween
stuff is already out so here's the
question do you already know what you
want for Halloween because I don't even
thought about it yet what do you wanna
be for Halloween dude a dog a dog what
do you want to be for Halloween
he needs Jeffy she needs to be a pumpkin
are you eating a cookie what do you have
Laura a cookie a cookie these two have
been absolutely a delightful
de Musique dude what you doing uh you
don't know you're upside down again this
guy's always upside down everyone smile
I get these like little moments where I
feel like I'm missing out on being just
like a mom to just little Caleb and just
little Laura like that time to really
focus on them and so I'm excited to have
Tuesday's to be able to do that and so
it was on the top of my list to go to
story time today because that was my
greatest memories with Isaac any leaves
that Isaac and Elise have kind of
outgrown that and so it's fun to be able
to just take Caleb and Laura and see
them like you know listening to the
stories and singing and dancing and I'm
excited to be able to just focus on
snuggling with him and I let him help me
in a lot more ways than usual today
because my hands aren't as full all
right so we picked the kids up from
school and I was excited hear all about
it I'm gonna have to have me tell you
guys about it in a little bit but we
decided to head straight to a park and
just get some wiggles out we see how is
school good good what was your favorite
part um having lunch and having my brown
alright dude how was school today I
loved it I loved made a new friend and I
loved social study so I feel like I
mentally thought I was supposed to be
more rested today because it was my
break day since Isaac Neely sargon at
their enrichment program all day but
actually from all the running around and
still having the little two kids with me
all day and dealing with the emotions of
all the big kids about everything on
anyway I actually just so fit really
tired so I just think that when you're a
mother no matter if you send your kids
to school or you keep them home with you
no matter what you do it is hard work so
god bless mother's everywhere so this
man is home and he has a really I twine
my talking you can tell him I don't know
what you're wanting me to say whatever
Jeremy has a really big trial this week
and so he's super crazy busy so we're
lucky to see him which means that you
guys are going to be even luckier to see
him and I'm actually gonna try to edit
oh I'm scared I'll help out if necessary
you should see the piles he brought home
like he comes home and he's like I'll
just
this in the bedroom and he like has like
a lovely it was amazing how many pieces
of paper do you think you brought home
I brought him like a tenth of what I
have at the office he probably brought
home like 2,000 pieces of paper it was
done my client was in the office and we
were strategizing and he was like so are
you gonna read all that I'm like I'm
gonna have to read that four times you
know and it's it's true I can read it
done
you gotta get ready I mean I'm gonna go
in and cross-examine and do a closing
argument and all of that determines
whether or not we win or lose the case
so I got to be ready and I'm researching
like all these issues that might come up
in the case or legal arguments that I
have to be prepared objections so when
we've said that he's busy before like
he's usually been busy with depositions
or hearings and this is a trial like
this isn't it yeah it's crazy busy but
Laura is hungry that's that noise that
you keep hearing she's like bring me my
food that's talking about daddy's work
schedule and then she's happy Hayden was
here did you swipe an apple before
prayer
silly goose Caleb we don't know if we
should be concerned about this he is
always upside down like he spends half
of his day in the headstand position it
can't be normal we actually did a Google
search
two days ago where we were like what's
wrong with our child that's right he's
always upset again and there was one
article that was like this is a really
good developmental theum so we're
clinging to that one article that had
positive outcomes research like our kid
Zoey's upside down should we be worried
it's time to clean up our house so we
turned on some Barney music Wow bring up
our house clean up clean up our house
come on let me get that shirt on you
little stinker all right so so after I
get this little girl down for my trial I
get to go through all the depositions
and exhibits to make sure I can get
ready for cross-examination and direct
examination and I just have a lot I'm
still getting ready for for the trip my
lips up all right I'm gonna go try to
calm her down and then butter to bed
CJ house out wish me luck all right I
think it's time for my big first-grader
keep up with you
