we are ready to begin our home school
year this is our second year
homeschooling this year I am
homeschooling a first grader a
kindergartner our three-year-old
preschooler and an 18 month old all
right so we're doing the first day of
school pictures we're almost done yeah
okay here we go with everybody
Laura come pictures oh you're gonna take
a picture over there kay everybody say
cheese
do the first day of school kind of like
Christmas like we set up all the kids
new things here and then one by one
we're going to have them come out and
kind of reveal their new surprises for
the year all right Caleb are you ready
for a first day of preschool yeah come
on it's my move
what do you think whose name does that
say hi is it yep mine whose name is it
say can you uh get uh Oh scissor your
own big boy scissor lock my own laughs
this is your letters and this is your
letters and this is your math
Oh
all right I think it's time for my first
grader to fast this is not like I had a
calculated I had that was anyone he
keeps printing up so Isaac this morning
said that this is his second favorite
holiday you love it I've been really
hesitant to actually start this year
last year I feel like I was really
prepared and organized and this year our
family circumstances are just different
and it's been a challenge for me to
really get ready to home-school I feel
like everywhere I look all these
homeschool moms are super organized and
they have everything figured out and
they have their whole year curriculum
figured out and like daily schedules
down to like 15-minute intervals and
that is just not us right now
like it just homeschooling is part of
life and life and family are just a
messy business and so we have a general
plan of where we want to go this year
with our kids in their academic we have
their academic goals figured out and we
have like general curriculum outlines
and we have learning materials gathered
and I have a weekly schedule but there's
lots of room for flexibility and
adjustments as we start and figure out
what's working and are able to you know
fine-tune exactly what our needs are for
this year so I really love homeschooling
it's definitely an imperfect business
and I learn a lot from it but I'm
excited for the year ahead with the kids
it's going to be a lot of fun
so for a long time we've been saying we
need to buy three of everything because
we want to make sure that Caleb doesn't
feel left out but now it's clear that we
need four of everything because a little
Laura thinks that she needs a calculator
too and you know why not encourage you
to play with something like that
so dad hit it off to work Laura's asleep
so we are doing calendar notebooks
usually they can do these really
independently
like last year they could but because I
added a bunch of new pages like I'm
introducing them all to kind of their
new responsibilities for the year so
that's what they're up to and we took a
break from schoolwork to do some puzzle
time so just in case you were curious
Caleb at the park on Friday
totally biffed it he fell flat on his
face when he was running on the sidewalk
and that's what his little whatever that
thing is called right there cubby shows
your forehead
oh you feeling better oh you have an
owie on your knee too is your forehead
feeling better now you really fell hard
didn't ya Ali yeah
is your head feeling better yeah your
tough cookie
I found this toy at a garage sale like a
year ago and we finally decided to bust
it out and I'm so glad we did it's way
cooler than I thought it was I thought
it was gonna be a good toy like for
Laura
maybe Caleb to just play with it comes
with like these challenge cards to try
to like copy the patterns you did it is
awesome there's like a blue thing that's
the secret that was the secret that one
was kind of hard to figure out huh
anyways so look at all these different
kinds of designs we're talking about
symmetry and asymmetry and we're doing
it together and Isaac had a ton of fun
free playing with this earlier Caleb's
playing with it this toy is awesome
especially because I got it for two
bucks at a garage I'll be honest I'm
exhausted
it's been a long day like introducing
them all to other new things there's so
much excitement but it also takes lots
of explaining and hands-on attention but
this is so worth it like I love spending
this time a time this kind of time with
my kids I love watching them like
clicking and getting things and learning
new things and done done did you count
them yeah count make sure you got all 20
of them 4 5 6
Thank You Mickey Mickey 20 you found
them yeah good job what's up noun ha
percent Oh some fun enjoy I should go
get in here yeah go get an ounce
get in there bring it on we can sing
again
what hand is he a person he's a person
okay dearly I didn't put him back I'm
ready I got - look what a good sport
Soviet to celebrate the first day of
school we're coming to Red Robin
it's been a while since we've actually
brought the kids out to eat it a sit
down place it can get a little out of
them
they are
the thing we love most about Red Robin
is their bottomless fries like I think
I'm already full I ate so many fries
that's America I know you should not be
fooled
so we were saying a prayer and then our
waiter came over and like popped his
head right in and was like hey is
everything okay
we're like in the middle of our prayer
it was I it's kind of cold in your huh
you know they do that at restaurants you
go in and it's like 50 degrees inside
early on we don't go anywhere without
whites
what happened least my mama fixed it
didn't ama fix the balloon how do you
feel now better better so I just blew
the balloon back up and hooked it back
onto the stick and it was after I did it
and he leases all calm I'm like how did
they blow those up at the store like
that just disgusting what did you say a
bad guy
oh is that what happened show me your
balloon there is your balloon
can you see balloon good work are you
signing it please
Oh balloon hey let's go upstairs we have
treat good night
