guys saddest story ever I forgot our
camera this morning and I feel really
bad about it because we had a really
great morning and we didn't get to share
any of it with you guys so brief recap
number one I took a shower this morning
and the entire time I was in the shower
I was daydreaming about how it was
Friday and what should we do for Friday
night and groom tomorrow Saturday and I
was all excited I get out of the shower
and I look at my phone and it says
Thursday like all lame anyway then we
got cleaned up and ready for the day
Laura's wearing pigtails today it's
adorable like every time I look at her
my heart just like swims a little bit
more and then let's see third thing I
want to tell you guys we went to the
library always a good time at the
library number four we went over to a
friend's house we had lunch she had like
a bunch of spare cardboard boxes and so
the kids like made some sort of like
airplane tunnel train device thing and
we ate lunch together and the kids
played in the backyard and it was just
an absolutely delightful day and it's
been pretty it's hot it's pretty I still
have a big day ahead of us so I won't
forget the camera I'm sorry again look
at this little girl you make me so happy
her little hair what are you working on
Lisi oh she just wanted them I'm getting
the end of the alphabet just wanted to
watch some vlogs there's nothing on
there
what are you doing how fun
well I just got home from work and it is
fun to come home and the kids are
working on what are you working on
Isaac's favorite thing to do
what are you doing to it everywhere
so I was just cleaning up this Pandora I
have it set on the piano guys who are
you painting with your eyes I'm making a
rhythm Laura's in heaven she loves
eating ice you balance the ice on your
head don't let it fall
well it looks like our fun is about to
melt so playing with the ice makes you
think of the ice bucket challenge did
any of you guys do that hey guys okay so
I showed you in there that I was
listening to Pandora
I used to use Grooveshark it was a free
website where you could set up playlists
and pick whichever songs you wanted to
listen to next and Grooveshark got shut
down so I'm needing some other program
to use to listen to music you guys know
of any other free website out there that
does that we can actually pick the songs
in the order you want to listen to it
there's a spider where right there
anyway I guess they found a spider and
and if you don't know of that what do
you listen to like I'd love to hear what
you use to listen to music there's a lot
of different programs out there I've
looked into a little bit of Spotify I've
heard there's like Apple music or do you
just use iTunes like what do you use to
listen music let me know in the comments
below what do you need hey stinker oh so
we're sitting here trying to read a book
and Laura is making it a little bit
difficult all right let's try to read
again come on mommy what does
Pinkalicious talking about Oh
what you doing oh I'm glad chic stuff
I see up in here you're climbing on the
table so this is their new carton of kid
toothpaste and there's this little
fireman on it and it says firetruck
build your own using this carton so you
take it apart check this out
whoa check it so what is this and then
you like put the toothpaste back in the
firetruck
no I think this is just like a toy yeah
I was playing with the firetruck cool so
Isaac and I had a really good time out
shopping tonight I always really enjoy
like one-on-one time with my kids it's
just fun to have conversations with them
and to really like focus on them anyway
so tonight while we were there Isaac
needed a new backpack because the
backpack he's had since he was like
three years old the zipper was broken on
and so we looked at then and there was
one that was like four dollars is
perfectly sufficient cheap but it was
boring and I only had like two pockets
and then as I found this one and it has
like seven pockets and it has like it
just looks cooler than the other one and
anyway but the price tag is on here
let's see it's 1488 and so I kind of
didn't know what to do for a minute like
there was a piece of me that wanted him
to have this fun cool backpack and then
there's this piece me that wanted to
teach him like financial responsibility
like the four dollar backpack is not
like super exciting but it's perfectly
sufficient for your needs so what we
came to we talked about it and he really
understood where I was coming from which
I was really grateful that he was being
so respectful about it and we decided
that he with his own money that he has
from his like birthday and different
like tours and things he's done that he
would pay for half the backpack so we're
splitting the cost and that was his idea
as a compromise and I just was so
impressed with him and it makes me
excited about these like middle kid age
parenting years like it's kind of fun to
move past like just putting a kid in
timeout or different things and kind of
working into into problem-solving and
really like I know it's just been really
rewarding so so when I was going through
Kendra's phone to get the footage from
this morning I saw that when she was a
Walmart she took a bunch of pictures of
herself with the different glasses on it
just asking me for advice on the glasses
I have no idea what's in style like
everything that's in style now was like
dorky when I was growing up and so it's
confusing and I don't know I have no
good advice for so I'm going to show the
pictures of her that she has on our
phone and I want you guys to list which
one you think is the best or which ones
you like the most and we're going to end
it off with that so we love you guys J
house out
hey guys let's pick this up cubby it's
time you're going into a bath
