doing Cuddy's bed good morning you said
that really much let's see but we don't
play with that around Laura right yeah
one time when when Joe was here I was
like spinning in her hair got caught
yeah we were able to and they don't cut
in it and and then we pulled the hair
off so they just came in okay they're
gonna do it again what are you guys
doing I miss it I think you know just
flashed everyone right it's really good
okay all right so it's that time of year
again to sort through the kids clothes I
swear this comes like quicker and
quicker we try to do it in the spring
and in the fall and we're gearing up to
Penn finalize some other school clothes
and some shopping and so I'm needed to
figure out what we have and what we need
moving forward this is all grew out of
stuff and are you excited yeah and so
that means that now that we've gone
through everything we can go through the
grow in bin which really gets
excited about it what my favorite one
that I'm gonna go into we're gonna try
it on try it on for us so the growing
boxes comes from garage sale finds like
I try to buy stuff in advance as I find
stuff like I know she's size six right
now but she'll be size seven in the
future and I also get hand-me-downs from
her cousin Ali and my sister's daughter
Sarah and so that all goes into the same
pot and hopefully the goal is that by
the time we're going through this we
don't have to actually go out and buy
anything extra but there's usually like
a few pieces that we need here and there
mm-hmm
like this when I was four I did not fit
even so excited and watch it I like it
how it how I sit is beautiful and I
really like dresses love outfit you love
this outfit and one more thing you
needed a crown
you even got pajamas you love these ones
huh I have a strawberry shortcake one
strike a pose strike up in stick a pen
alright Lise what do you think of these
ones too big but cute and those ones
look like they're gonna be too big for
you all right we found Isaac's growing
box you excited yeah what do you like
about your shorts they look like I'm
fighting and um you know that's called
what Oh what is that word
it's not cargo what is that word they
probably said camo camo all right what
do you think okay I think that one looks
great what are you doing is that your
bag oh yeah it is he's hanging out in
shirts and pants somebody's feeling
pretty cool guys I'm just feeling really
blessed I was really overwhelmed as we
went through the kids clothes at how
little they had left and then to go
through the growing box and realize how
much we have for them I'm just feeling
really really grateful especially with
our big car expense yesterday and just
you know like the back to school like we
just paid for ballet and flag football
and piano and you know the Academy
they're going to and so I'm really
grateful what a blessing look do you
need some help help
there we go yep looking cool dude
help again I'll just give me a fun game
all right so we're having some frozen
go-gurt as an afternoon snack
what's that bass boy do you need some
help
smelly girl need help your watch help
yes floor has the paint Tyne well that's
a big mouthful
Isaac was just telling me yesterday he
needed more dairy in his diet so uh this
is our afternoon snack well I just got
home from work and work has been super
stressful right now I have trial next
week and so there's a lot of stuff to
get done but we're really lucky we have
some great friends who brought us a meal
when they saw that Kendra was sick they
brought this taco soup and the kids are
loving it we have such good friends
hey guys let's pick this up cubby it's
time to going into a bath at least what
was your favorite part of today
oh by the way nice jammies
are these new blends was that your
favorite player no and getting like my
jeans skirts and Lady Jane's stuff okay
how about you mom what was your favorite
part of the day it hadn't felt good too
it did feel good look at all that that's
all accomplished when I came home and
you showed me the pile of stuff that
they weren't going to be using them
where I was seriously impressed hoping
maybe you had a baby we're trying to
find a Bink hey Isaac what was your
favorite part of the day riding the bike
and get getting my clothes yeah you were
ridden all the way down the street that
was fun
Sam and the page stood up the princess
looked around the floor of a saw
perfectly that's brilliant Johnny the
princess said no good saying that now
miss that Johnny she only just done it
well then sent said the princess to the
pig
goodnight dear
