what do you think should we get this one
tonight's back-to-school night and so
they're excited to come and meet their
teachers and see what it's all about
what did you guys do looks like the kids
got into Elise's play make up are you
guys in bed wha
so these two have just become partners
in crime Laura just got off the bed and
she goes hey I hunted I goes whoa and
she goes running off down the hall and
I'm like oh my gracious anyway they're
adorable and I have to keep track of
them obviously Ms Laura what did you
find what did you find I just got out of
the shower and anyway since I was sick
yesterday it feels so nice to take like
a nice long shower and I'm washing the
sheets on our bed like just trying to
kind of like feel clean after feeling
well and sticky so anyway Jeremy's home
for lunch which is nice that's the only
way I was able to take a long shower so
on Sunday we were at church and we were
getting in the car to come home from
church and our automatic door closed
halfway and then stopped and it was
stuck there and we ended up getting the
door closed with a lot of brute force
but our van is in at the shop right now
and Kendra's on the phone right now to
see what the verdict is how much is this
going to cost twenty two hundred dollars
for just the door for just the door oh
2154 okay like whoa that's a lot of
money like we had two doors for the back
of our van we'll just pretend it's a one
door van if that's how much it's going
to cost timeout so a few years ago we
get a letter from Toyota saying that
they're sliding doors are defective and
that's the exact door that we have right
that won't close and now that we got it
closed it won't open so that's kind of a
problem anyway they said that they would
fix the problem for free if it broke
within 9 years of purchase and our van
is a 2006 so we knew we were like right
on the bubble so we call up to Toyota
and we just missed the deadline like
just a couple months they said they
wouldn't fix it for free but they would
consider giving us a discount if we took
the van up to a fish alejo to dealer and
had them diagnose it so we packed up the
family and we're driving up to the
dealership FEMEN market huh be happy
Kavi get your name yeah yeah it's one of
your nickname sorry can you say cubby
hey cubby I couldn't we could see cubby
when caleb was bored we can say that how
it became to abstain
okay so here's our question for you what
kind of crazy nicknames have you gotten
from your family in your life Jeremy I
mean German was definitely pretty
standard I was called germ germinator my
grandpa called me toddy Wadi for me and
my family my little brother couldn't say
my name so I was called and that is the
kids reaction to see Bass Pro Shop
Caleb found the playrooms
so Isaac had been racing like jumping
around on the chairs in the table and we
said we don't want you racing you know
not teacher goes back row and so he
decided to see if he could race as
tomorrow as you can go so they're racing
they said go here you can jump in I
think you can catch up okay we're going
slow but at least this is a really safe
way for kids to race and it might take a
while
this game could take the rest of Isaac's
winning so we're having a little tea
party yeah cheers cheers Cheers
remember pinkies up here's mom Cheers
it's nice to have some refreshment don't
you think yeah yes Danny
let's take a little sips
you take a little sip my wee ones and
then keep the tiny bit that again even
keeps it I'll believe on your own sake
say Oh our Tea Party you turned in
Spanish oh yeah
Kyra blood in espanol when I only know
audio you know other words do you know
no you know no fucking with me
all right so it's been about an hour and
one at a time we're taking each of the
kids out to take a look at the new cars
out here it's kind of fun to just walk
around and see what they have here what
do you think should we get this one okay
we'll take this one
what about the minivan those are pretty
cool oh no not a minivan so we've never
done this where we buy a new car we
always buy a used car that's a couple
years old and try to pay cash for it but
someday I hope to come and pay cash for
one of these things it just goes a
little by little
so we got a quote of almost $2,000 for
the parts and 600 for labor so that's a
bummer
we'll see we'll call Toyota and see if
we can get any kind of deal on the
warranty
tonight's back-to-school night we're
having our kids do a one day a week
school and so they're excited to come
and meet their teachers and see what
it's all about so I found a way to
contain their math henders talked with
all the teachers
no no stay in there
they were so excited Elysa face she just
like lit up and then she was like
jumping down the hallway ah see we left
her kindergarten class she was just like
the other two and all our teachers were
so nice sunny and the homeschooling
community continues to surprise me that
it's not a bunch of weirdos
she likes still things it's I did I grew
up a public school kid and and he
thought that home schoolers were crazy
so I go to these events where there's
like a hundred 200 homeschooled kids and
it's like they're just normal families
that are like us or maybe we're not
normal there we go we're the weirdest Oh
either way there were so many wonderful
people there's no like I was just really
excited about this whole new network of
friends that for the kids and for us and
they set up field trips and it's really
gonna be really exciting it's exciting
it will give her a chance our kids a
chance to learn a lot of those social
skills that I think people are concerned
about with home school like how to stand
in line and how to go to recess and
we're only there one day a week and the
rest of the week there's a home with us
so I feel like it's gonna be a good
balance for us alright we love you guys
thanks so much for watching yeah so a
girlfriend
