so you got to hear what he least just
said to me my girlfriend all right you
guys we have bad news so I am feeling a
little bit better but Kendra was
throwing up last night and she's in bed
and she's sick give your feet on the
table damn if you put your feet up I'm
gonna tickle your feet you guys the
worst part about Kendra being sick is
that I actually have to go to work today
I normally have a really flexible job
but today we have a mediation that's
been scheduled for two months people are
coming from out of town I have to go I
feel terrible
mommying
when I'm not feeling good it's never fun
anyway this is definitely a day when
they'll be watching TV and I don't know
we'll just get through it somehow well
we settled the case which was great my
client was really happy with the result
and it's only 12:30 so I'm gonna be able
to go home earlier - Kendra to help out
with the kids straights with the horses
skating with the mice swing with your
partner wound through twice staying with
the donkey slide with the Sheep spend
one minute exchanger where the way and a
moon way to cap it over another look
from an eight do bad to good night
little bug
hi Jeremy hi everybody Leslie you're
feeling sick and your husband's like
points a camera right in your face I'm
just great folder and we got off earlier
than I thought it was going to be home
today which is nice like we survived the
morning we even did like scripture time
together and the kids watched Magic
School Bus and I made them lunch that
was hurdle but um that's quiet times I
need to connect I felt so bad at 4 a.m.
Kendra asked me to make lunches for them
and I totally spaced it when I was being
ready to do this morning I didn't expect
him to get up and make the lunches at 4
a.m. it was at 4 a.m. when I was like
hey in the morning before you leave
could you make their lunches and put
them in the fridge that way all I have
to do is get up out so we're getting
under standing when you get people
instructions at 4 a.m. they're bound to
forget um I kids okay anyway I'm gonna
take a nap now come on dance up so that
Kendra is I'm feeling well she's been
like throwing up she still got stuff
ready for the kids to do during quiet
time looks like you're pretty excited
about it Isaac I think the thing I
admire most about what Kendra is doing
with our kids education is their
sincerely excited about most of the
stuff that they're doing that's really
cool
we are the only kids here at chick-fil-a
that's incredible you plan yeah it's
quiet it's never quiet here it's always
like some crazy like 12 year old is in
here screaming yeah awesome so we got
food and then after this we were going
to Isaac's first football practice so
that should be a lot of fun are you
pretty excited I don't know you're gonna
cheer for him Cheers we'll have to get
it for next time so luckily we're we're
having football practice has a cool
little playground for the kids you going
down the slide so I decided not to coach
and it was a really tough decision I
really wanted to it's nice to have a
break from coaching because it is
overwhelming and it can take a lot of
time but it's hard to come and watch
like I wish I was out there coaching you
want another drink okay so you got to
hear what Healy's just said to me my
girlfriend
what do you think of your first practice
I didn't know that baby drills like was
it different than you thought did you
have fun you did a good job all right
dinner is done
