I decided to do a freezer meal for
dinner tonight it's a new one we haven't
tried before it's called char suey pork
roast all right you're trying to share
we'd love to hear what you're having for
dinner tonight
and my question is do you guys enjoy
trying new meals or do you like to just
like stick with your basics I love
trying new meals I think it's really fun
and I think I know Jeremy does to our
kids yeah you like to Lisa you let's see
do these likes to try new meals too all
right dinner is done we are doing some
just fun hands-on hangout playing
together school this morning
Elise wants to be a waitress when she
grows up and a cook and so we have lined
up some of the site words we're working
on over here and we are pretending that
we are at a restaurant and that these
are Aleta's customers so Elise the word
boy want to have some the word boy wants
to have some milk but ah it's been boy
boy you get it that's my boy I want some
milk yeah oh yeah you know what somebody
doesn't like strawberry the word come
wants us ready Hey all right so Caleb
and Isaac are playing a game where they
chose teams of toy cars and they're
using Isaac's stopwatch and racing them
down the tracks and then they're
recording their x as points and then
Isaac is adding them up what happened
hey
are you playing you're wanting some mama
time come here you look if your turn is
your turn Gamla here I played this game
with me alright let's plate it's about
shapes find a Red Square for me alright
good job ok cubby show me what's the
difference one all right flat and that
one is sure short short short yeah and
what makes the rectangle different does
it have four short side
no what does it have how many short
sides does it have one kid at a and two
low side it sure does way to go dude do
you need help wrapping up your baby
again please baby here's your baby
stay your baby down let's wrap her up
there she goes
Oh
so nice
put that a little bit it'll help
you anything today baby so candor I've
been sitting in our bedroom just
chatting and she looks out the window
she's like do you see that spider check
this thing out
guys how creepy is that thing is as big
as my thumb for sure but it's
mesmerizing to just like sit here and
watch him build his little nib nib his
little nib web so should we go outside
and kill it
you're scared think would eat me small
price to pay babe take it for the team
we decided that the kids would like to
see this look that way do you see
someone building something right out
there no I look straight ahead towards
the trees are they in our yard it's not
person it kind of makes me think of the
book Charlotte's Web Pig yeah there's
not a pig basil do you see the spider do
you see it oh look it he's just going
around and we'll never ever seen a
spider action making one I know did you
see how he's making the web what if you
what if he's seen a spell something all
right what should he say I love Jade
house could you make a J house Lego all
right so we just finished dinner and
Kendra at one point asked me to grab her
cup and I know that Kendra likes to
drink water with ice but Laura right now
if you say that word or if she sees it
she's like a crazy maniac like she'll
run over here to the freezer and just
saying that like ice ice ice I don't
want her to hear me but um so anyway
it's funny how sometimes we have to
change some of the things we would
normally do to make sure that the kids
don't ask for
that's over the thing that we're trying
to get so lately we've been drinking a
lot of water without ice
happy Saturday friends it's about like
5:00 in the evening I've been in bed
most of the day I just haven't been
feeling good my stomach has been hurting
and I've been cold and so one of the
things Kenda always makes fun of me is
when I'm really sick like sick to my
stomach all my life like there's a
certain comfort food that I've wanted
and it's jack-in-the-box fried tacos
which like it's funny right now that
actually does some kind of gross but all
growing up that was like my comfort food
I think for Kendra when she's sick like
vanilla ice cream sounds really good to
her do you guys have a comfort food when
you're sick you know something that is I
go to or it's like I think I can eat
this and anyway let us know in the
comments below what your sick comfort
food is well I finally got up out of bed
but it's 8 o'clock now the kids are just
about to go into the bed so I wanted to
say good night to him are you playing
games oh right in the stomach you going
to bed little girl easy 9 9 8 my
goodness good night big girl good night
yeah
