morning friends so I was at the table
working on something when Isaac came
like sneaking up at me I didn't see him
or hear him until he was right behind me
but apparently they're playing spies oh
you are spying you're real spies what's
your spy name hey we don't know you said
you had some spy hideout yeah we have a
meeting room we have Atromitos there's a
bunch of Secrets going on here with
these spies you guys can go back to work
okay so I have an amazing friend who is
watching all four of my kids for a
couple hours this morning and last night
I was like ooh what should i do at this
time so I'm going to try to get some
things done this morning we'll see what
actually happens all right so I got my
hair cut and it's one of those haircuts
that nobody but me is probably going to
notice but it's just like all
straightened up in the back and there's
some long layers and it just feels like
fresh and not scraggly and I'm really
really happy with it which is kind of
embarrassing because it looks exactly
the same but anyway I'm headed into an
eye doctor appointment now
lots of rain out there I'm not super
excited about running through the rings
in my car I decided to go to the doctor
because like two or three weeks ago I
just started noticing my vision blurry
anymore and it's kind of embodying me so
brightly it's because I need glasses and
I have to go pick out glasses Elyse is
gonna be excited though so I'll get to
be twins I went to the eye doctor today
and guess what I found out you need
glasses
I do need glasses
just like you lazy how was your day
I had an inspection so like experts come
out to inspect different parts of a
building and we were there on this case
and we're trying to work towards a
resolution so it was a really good day I
didn't know attorneys did inspections
until I married him learn new things
every day all right so I'm headed into
mardell's
to just look at a bunch of the different
home school and stuff I'm really excited
about it okay guys that was so random
when I was walking in I was vlogging and
I was holding up the camera and talking
to it and there was a family walking and
kind of behind me and I saw them and I
was trying not to feel self-conscious
and weird about the fact that I was
vlogging in public anyway I put down the
camera and they go hey you must be a
vlogger and I'm like well I'd like
anyway people usually don't know what
we're doing in public and I'm just still
trying to overcome my nervousness about
filming in public so I was just so
kendra has been saying for a while that
she wanted to come up to mardell's to
look at home school stuff and she was
going to try to do it one evening and I
was like that fun Park is up here and
the Bass Pro Shop so we're going to try
to check out both while she's doing the
homeschool shopping
say Oh back more
so this store can get really
overwhelming there's just so many
options but secretly I really enjoy it
I'm pretty much like a kid in a candy
store in here
you guys ever been to this place it's
fun you see this huh
Isaac what animal is that nice Jason you
see a doggie these are real animals did
you know that there's something called a
taxidermy and if the animals after you
hunt the animals you stuff them skin
okay so I never carry any cash with them
so I don't have fifty cents right now do
you guys carry cash at all like
everything I do right now is just with a
card
so one of the hard parts about having
cellphones today is I just got a really
important legal phone call and I tried
to take it and like Caleb was like
grabbing all this really expensive
fishing equipment Mora was running
around and I had to just tell the person
like I'm at a bass pro shop with four
little kids let's set up a time for
tomorrow to talk about it I think it's
time to go we were trying to leave and
Caleb was running towards the shooting
range and I pulled the like okay well
then we're just gonna leave without you
he didn't care
he's currently I think hiding under this
table Caleb come on we got to go yeah
come here buddy yeah it's time to go I
want to too but we can't right now oh
yeah
don't know why we don't have any money
for it we don't have any of the coins so
we were almost at the door and Caleb
said I got to go potty yeah
well that was a lot of fun what was your
guys's favorite part
Oh my favorite part was seeing the fish
the fishes
thank you that clarium the aquarium that
was your favorite her hubby what was
your favorite part bud yeah you like
playing with this I really loved
homeschooling my kids but being a
homeschooler and choosing a curriculum
and all those things takes a lot of
confidence and sometimes I get really
insecure like I go in there and I see
all the options and I start
second-guessing everything that we're
doing I'm actually looking online right
now for my glasses I think I'm gonna
order them online because they're way
cheaper and they have this spot where
you can plug in a picture of yourself
and try on different glasses so here I
am so these are the colored ones oh I
could get like really fun and go color
II or there's a whole section for the
cat eye glasses like are those really
back in guys cuz I'm just not sure about
that miss Laura do you have your little
purse give your purse
you're going to take your purse to bed
can you say good night you say love you
you say J house Oh
