we're at a park with our friends Elise
just came up to me and said mom can I
vlog so I guess she was excited to get
the camera out but we came out to a park
with our friends this morning which is
always nice the weather has been
gorgeous in Kansas City lately hon there
was there's the butterfly but the mom
there was a mouse on mommy huh
you guys doing okay yeah I mean who
needs a double stroller they just cozy
up
check out my view this is so cute all
right you guys want to see something
disgusting here in Missouri we have a
kind of bug that's called a cicada and
they make this really loud noise want to
hear it that's the sound of a cicada and
then they die they live like a super
short amount of time and when they die
they leave these shells that are so
creepy looking all right so they're all
along here I wonder why to earn a
perfect line like that anyway so then
here you can see them they're all along
here whoo who wants to hold a cicada
show you like two of them three I love
that the kids are brave enough to touch
them I should probably do it I'm gonna
try I'm going to show the kids that this
is here okay put in my hand I'm gonna oh
not that one now it looks extra gross
okay I'll try it it's so light right hey
wait wait wait guys look at it can you
see the different parts of it here's my
question if you were here would you hold
the cicada shell or would you not let me
know first I'm scared and mannose yeah
yeah I'm glad you're getting used to
them do you want to draw a picture of it
when we get home
sure where'd you say cubby what happened
to my stomach Oh mom do you have a thumb
toe yeah which one's your thumb toe
that's a good name for it is there
something poking in it no yeah well I'll
wash your feet when we get home okay all
right so it's quiet time and Caleb and
Laura are asleep I'm so grateful for
that and I just finished some reading
time with Elise and Isaac did some of
his independent reading and anyway we
haven't officially started school yet I
had thought that we might have already
started at this point but with all of
our travels this summer it really threw
out kind of like the routines and the
structure and the function of our the
flow I guess of our home and so I
decided that we really needed
this week to get back into the routines
of light getting up in the morning and
doing chores and having scripture time
and morning family devotions and habit
training and things like that and so I'm
really really glad they're sleeping
anyway I'm really really glad that we
didn't dive straight into school like it
has been so healing for our family to
have this time to just be getting our
feet under us again and I'm getting
excited to start school next week like
getting back into even just a little bit
of our routines just feels it feels good
it's amazing how good routines can feel
in life so anyway and now I'm going to
take Isaac seem a nice big brother and
listening to at least do a reading
practice and hand that's it well
everybody's awake from quiet time in
naps and so we're headed outside it's
the time of year when really we're
outside every moment we can get oh but I
got to keep this door shut did you guys
see on periscope last night a cricket
got in our house and it was so loud
anyway we like couldn't sleep and so we
killed a cricket on periscope last night
you hear the cicadas they are so loud
lookyou the cicadas are so how do you
think they're cute you crazy pain of
nature its nature it's guilt yeah well
had several court hearings today but I'm
home and I'm just playing with kids
outside while Kendra is making dinner
all right it is high time for these boys
to get haircuts Isaac has been wanting
to grow it out to look like a football
player but he is finally consented to
having it cut because he doesn't like
how sweaty it gets him anymore so we're
gonna get Isaac and Caleb's hair I
almost was going to have Jeremy cut my
hair he's done it before I like just
like trim the bottom to even things up
but then I took it back when we do
haircuts with the kids we let them have
suckers it's a sticky thing but we know
we're already going to be cleaning them
up anyway and it gets them to sit still
during the haircut and it's quite the
treat like we don't usually be suckers
because I hate stick I don't have Laura
ever had a sucker I don't know how's
your sucker miss Laura oh it's a
strawberry and watermelon yeah
alright well that was harder than usual
I had a rough time blending the edges
let me show you how it turned out all
right can I show them the back of your
head keep your head still there it is
don't smile at me mm-hmm my let me
remember he wanted a buzz and so the
compromise is a short haircut but I just
had a really hard time blending the
sides all right is it your turn
yeah excited for your haircut yeah does
it tickle a little bit yeah it does
okay don't you let this age
she's enough
so tonight I'm just thinking a lot about
an article that Kendra and I read
yesterday and it talked about how the
interactions that a husband and wife
have in the relationship that they have
how much that impacts the kids in the
family and I think back to when I was a
kid I remember before my parents got
divorced that if they weren't getting
along we could feel it in the family and
I just think of how crazy that is that
that's a responsibility that I have on
my shoulders now that the way that I
talk to Kendra the way that I listen the
way we interact it's so important one of
my favorite quotes is live life for no
regrets and I know that a lot of times
that's associated with like going
skydiving or being crazy and spontaneous
but for me when I think of not having
regrets the most important area is my
family you know when I'm 88 years old
and I look back I don't want to regret
how I was as a father I don't want to
regret how I was as a spouse and I know
that I know that there's going to be
regrets along the way but right now
reading that article and thinking about
this it makes me want to do better at
giving love freely I want to do better
at listening and being respectful and
having the positive interactions to to
protect the atmosphere of our home for
our kids so I've just been thinking a
lot about that thanks so much for
listening to our thoughts and watching
and being a piece of our family hope you
have a wonderful night Jay house
daddy's home from work
