okay so I just got a text from my aunt
that says that I was on Good Morning
America this morning
so I'm not a morning person like I
really really really hate the morning
and I've been thinking about that more
lately because I would like to be a
morning person but to really be a
morning person you have to be a go to
bed earlier in the evening person and
I'm terrible of that all right friends I
am heading off for my big deposition
I'll let you know how it goes wish me
luck yeah are you ready
where's my okay so I just got a text
from my aunt that says that I was on
Good Morning America this morning so
that's kind of random they actually
started my nose itches they actually
contacted us about two weeks ago asking
us that they could use one of our
segments and we said yes and anyway we
didn't know when they would air it so I
was glad somebody was watching so we
could find out about it but they used a
segment from our video called mommy
guilt so we'll put that video up in the
I cards above and then if we can find
the Good Morning America segment online
I would like to see it so hopefully we
can find it but we'll put it in the
description box below but yeah kind of a
random fun text I'm glad that she was
watching and told me about it
hopefully it looked okay all right it's
our favorite day library day we love
going at
library sure do lots of cool Masucci how
do they do that
well cubby it goes in through the door
and then it comes and it goes through
the conveyor belt and then they put it
into the bill once again we leave with
like five hundred books but at least I
was smart enough to bring the stroller
this time because I don't have to carry
them all there they're all loaded up
cubby what book did you choose with
Layla just with your own receipt way to
go it's actually mom David yes that is
what my living room floor looks like
when we get home from the library I'll
have the kids pick it up in a minute but
first they like dump all the bags out
and they just lay on the floor and read
them all and it's it's a happy miss so
Little Miss Laura is the pickiest eater
that I have had of all my four children
and sometimes like it's just really hard
to get her to eat stuff and she's super
petite and sometimes she doesn't even
like take her bottle and so I get
nervous about her anyway macaroni and
cheese we're eating a lot more around
here lately because it's one of the few
things that she like really eats so I
checked out a book from the library that
a friend recommended and I haven't read
it yet but I'm so excited about it I
already wanted to show it to you guys so
it's called the fly yeah oh wow
Caleb that's the author's name that's
pater hora check if you're vidiq you say
Isaac oh sorry Kayla are you in Caleb's
bed no no yes
yes you are Shh
thanks buddy
fatigue a rating oh goody can I pour it
out yeah all right daddy's home from
work school she makes me so happy
how'd your deposition go it went really
well
it is Austin I mean we went through a
full box of exhibit but it went really
well she's starting to push herself -
there she goes she's off by lora all
right so I've never been a very
fashionable person I am usually just
t-shirt and jeans slightly out of style
but I've been trying a little bit more
lately and almost having fun with that
but I got this shirt as a hand-me-down
from a friend and I've tried it on
several different times and I liked it
but I like wasn't sure I actually felt
comfortable wearing it so I finally
today decided to actually wear it but
all day I've just been wondering like
does this work does this not work - here
Jeremy hey Emma
come further away I think you look oh I
like the coloring of the looseness like
does it just look Maternity or does it
look just can you spin around for us so
you walk question like honest feedback
um
should I wear this outfit again thumbs
up for yes thumbs down if you love me
but it's like Kendra we love you enough
to tell you the truth like don't wear
that out in public oh thanks
what are you doing
okay bud dude Caleb Caleb no honey good
yeah you're so independent that's
pictures in that which is asking only
for now we were excited that I this had
you know an upper fridge so that our
kids couldn't get into this stuff up
there we didn't count on a Caleb well I
heard back from the people on my video
of vlogger fair and they weren't able to
get the footage but they're still hope
I'm going to try some other stuff I
cater put together a refreshing dinner
cantaloupes with chicken salad sandwich
with grapes in there and the grapes are
like crisp and yummy person√≠s that's
what matters most wait a second let's
see alright daddy
take a bite gotta be a little nervous
when the camera comes up for you to take
a bite what'd you do to my sandwich
I can't even say I was the same that
made everybody else's what do you think
do you put like bugs on my sandwich or
something no do you like it mm-hmm
so there's no mayo and what do we put in
there instead yogurt plain yogurt yogurt
so it's plain Greek yogurt so instead
they're being all the fat and calories
of mayo there's all the protein and
nutrients playing Greek male oh sorry
here plain Greek yogurt here
so jeremy has Laura's binky and she
wants it
did you get
they're trying to keep daddy down hey
daddy stand up for us and milk and sing
her to bed hope it works out
so you'll sleep
good night dance out
Shristi waiting I miss you
