all right we are taking the light-rail
back home pump up a light brown all the
way home we're taking the light rail to
the airport here we are at Westlake
station so Kendra wanted me to go ahead
and come up here because we were running
out of time like it says it was done
boarding at 6:35 and we're like right
about that time and I came up when the
doors were closed and I was really
nervous cuz the plane looks like it's
all shut up but it turns out that that's
not the door this is the door over here
so we still have some time she's gonna
make it come to Kansas City
waiting I make it so we got each of the
kids their own new electric toothbrush
all right so this morning we came out to
a big home school get together we're all
the park we're having food we're playing
local ball and it's just fun to meet up
with friends kind of during the summer
we all spread out and go our different
directions and in the fall we all get
back together and it's so fun see Isaac
Isaac
so Isaac's over here playing the t-ball
game or the wolf football game and Laura
like walks all the way across the
playground like Isaac I think Isaac and
walks right up to him he gives her a hug
and hey I love those sweet moments oh
she wants to help guys got the last sock
oh there's some more there's more
are you okay cubby
yeah well that's one way to do the
laundry
this house was a disaster we had all the
suitcases to unpack dishwasher to unload
three loads of laundry and so we finally
finished so they're each getting five
chocolate chips
I know cheap labor right
okay well I am home from work and work
is crazy right now I have a huge
deposition tomorrow which is where I go
in and ask questions of someone all day
like eight to ten hours and it's a case
that has a big trial coming up I have
like three boxes of documents I'm going
to be going through so it's a little
overwhelming now on the footage because
I know we've been missing our footage
from vlogger fair I called one guy who
said it could cost three to five
thousand dollars to recover it so we
have a two terabyte hard drive that
anyway but I think I found an option for
a hundred bucks I'm hoping to get it
back I want to show you guys all the fun
times we had a barter first so hopefully
we can recover it so laura is obsessed
with bass things are so happy I take
back you'd say to watch your reaction
when we turn the water on
she's like trying to work what about
together back so Isaac came with me
tonight to do the grocery shopping and
we have been having a great time we've
actually been doing a ton of math in the
produce aisle and then he's been talking
to me about what's healthy and what's
not and then we get to the what is this
aisle the cereal aisle and he goes crazy
over what what are you excited about it
just eating curry this time and he got
the MVP for basketball so apparently
when you're seven years old branding
really matters what did you think of the
cereals Isaac they were soon which Brian
did we end up with though we got a
different brand here's the one we ended
up with oats and more real strawberries
toasted multigrain cereal poor child the
kind of yogurt that I want is up here
and it's way back there so I'm gonna let
Isaac help me get it
got it so after Isaac helps me get
things from the very back of the shelf
check it out they're right here there's
like a whole bunch of them right there
I wake up in for mine at least it was
fun now we're trying to pay out ice
cream big big questions in life
which ice-cream would you guys pick
okay guys so I am really proud of Isaac
what happened is this morning when we
got home and we saw the kids I found out
that while Isaac was being babysat while
I was gone he made a mistake and did not
treat one of his friends very kindly and
so you know my friends his friends mom
told me about it and he told me about it
and we talked about it and we decided
that he would write an apology letter
and that with his own money he would go
to the store and get a treat for his
friend and so you know he was really
nervous and feeling kind of embarrassed
because he knew he'd made a mistake and
anyway so we went to his friend's house
and he said mom I don't want to go up to
the door and I told him buddy like this
takes courage like everybody in life
makes mistakes and what matters is how
we deal with our mistakes and so anyway
he went up to the door with me and we
gave the letter and the candy to his
friend and apologized and I was so proud
of him to see him you know addressing
the fact and saying I did this and it
was wrong and I'm sorry
and anyway Isaac how did you feel
afterwards good yeah what do you think
you learned from this what would you
want other kids to learn from this
experience that you feel good actually
do it oh yeah you feel good after you
say sorry about all that time yeah I
love you buddy I'm really proud of you
dad's like an amusement-park ride you
miss me too you ready for bed
no oh okay then you're gonna get more
jiggled even more at this rate I'll know
he's ever gonna be ready for bed
hey cubby can give us a J house out J
that was the coolest chick ever by Rosa
I was actually sleeping when Kendra woke
me up and she's like the car doesn't
feel right and so we pulled over and
