it is 1:30 3:00 a.m. and we finally just
barely got home from vlogger fair we had
a really great trip we had a really
awesome time meeting so many wonderful
people it was overwhelmingly good and of
course there were busy parts and
exhausting parts and everything in
between
here's the really really sad part all of
our vloggerfair footage got uploaded on
to our external hard drive and our
external hard drive me it got corrupted
and ate it somehow and anyway Jeremy's
gonna try to recover the footage but he
has a really big day tomorrow and the
next day and so we're not sure if we're
gonna be able to get to recover that
footage right away so I'm really sorry
but we don't have a vlog for you today
because our footage is gone so we just
tiptoe it into the house like we finally
arrived obviously and the kids are all
sleeping and I just want to go wake him
up but and I can't talk it's like I just
want to go wake them up and hold them
but that would be silly because then I'd
have a wig killed Rijn so I'm just
waiting for the morning and those little
sweet moments of seeing them for the
first time so you guys can come back
tomorrow and see us reunite with the
kids and the fun and craziness of the
week ahead and one more thing I wanted
to tell you guys what was it
Oh since there's no vlog here today you
guys should go check out some of our
wonderful friends we met at vlogger fair
I'm gonna put their channel links in the
comments below and seriously it is
honestly overwhelming each time we go to
a conference to meet the amazing people
that are here on YouTube it's one of
those moments that really inspires you
to keep on going and something that you
love and it's amazing how it makes the
world just a smaller place and you find
people that you have so much in common
with and you uplift and inspire each
other and then you hang out in Seattle
and have fun and anyway we really had a
great time I hope we get the footage
back so we can play you guys all about
it but Jeremy already laid down and I
need to go to bed so I'll see you guys
tomorrow Jay how's that
I'm Superman how do i do my ranger eyes
try it try to make the laser eyes work
before they are worried
