so this has been really tired this
morning and clearly not feeling well she
actually just started throwing up we
only caught the bare end of it there
with the bowl he's 80 I'm going to brush
your teeth good morning you guys so when
we found out that she had the hole in
her tooth I felt so bad like I was sick
to my stomach you know how you feel if
you're given a plan to take care of at
school or a goldfish and you're supposed
to feed it or water it and then it ends
up dying like that's how I felt she she
can't brush her own teeth and I thought
it was because I hadn't been doing good
enough right and brushing enough that
she got that hole in our tooth and it's
just a reminder like being a parent is
such a huge responsibility like I'm
taking care of these people they
completely my own and I want to do a
good job do you think go take a bath
right so we're busy packing and getting
ready this morning and poor Alise is
sick okay so we're getting ready to go
to blogger fair we're dropping our kids
off with some family tonight I'm trying
to get them all ready so I got the first
thing done bath for Laura and I started
a load of laundry yes are you helping
stuff
whoa
oh come on don't push the frighteners
stinker Oh solo always pushes the
buttons on here and it turns on the
signal and the kids will be taking a nap
or sleeping at night and it goes off and
it's a pretty traumatic experience
get that ceiling clean it
so I was doing my hair and we're
starting on my makeup and while I'm
doing that I'm reading a marriage
article about the importance of
communication and I'm reading along
doing my hair and all of a sudden I
think and I caught myself thinking wow
Jeremy really needs to read this and I
was like oops
stop break back step back pedal like
clearly I need to be reading this
article to focus on me and the things
that I can do to improve our marriage
and it's just funny like how easy it is
to see the ways that my spouse maybe
needs to improve and sometimes harder to
focus as much on what I need to change
so at least has been really tired this
morning and clearly not feeling well she
actually just started throwing up we
only caught the bare end of it there
with the bowl so we had Caleb and Isaac
and Laura going to the other room and I
went in there to check on them
afterwards and they were kneeling down
and praying that elese would feel better
I thought that was really sweet they
were praying for you a big girl they
loved you should we clean you up trying
to go take a bath okay let's do that so
our family is so supportive they heard
that Alise wasn't feeling well and a
text went out to everyone in the family
to pray for her and you just got off the
phone with your aunt tiffany Elyse has
been asking for some food and she kind
of walked around a little bit and what
are you feeling better okay we'll keep
we'll keep taking care of you okay
because there's a lot of prayers going
on mm-hmm makes a big difference huh
mm-hmm
when my kids are sick I just let him
watch TV I don't know what mom's did
when their kids were sick 100 years ago
not that I'm not there to like cuddle
them but like our normal rules about
like you can only watch so much TV kind
of go out the window like you're sick
just lay on the couch and veg what are
you guys doing sick days at your house
hey daddy's uh-huh and he brought peace
DUP well this is really great news Elyse
is begging for dinner
how's it taste good okay I'm gonna get
you some water okay hey let's hit the
pizza out of the hair just
eat the food no no no yeah just eat it
don't think about putting it in your
hair what are you doing come on what is
that eat the food don't put it in your
hair little stink here there we go there
we go
you didn't know don't stick it in the
air you little school Oh gonna have to
give you a bath again all right well the
stress of today was supposed to be
packing and getting ready for vlogger
fair and packing for the kids but
instead the stress of the day is trying
to decide what in the world we should do
so with the least throwing up there's a
piece of me that feels like we should
stay home like I definitely don't to
leave a vomiting child with a babysitter
like I don't want her to be nervous
about that or their kids to get sick
with that and what if all the other kids
sick get sick what if Jeremy and I get
sick like ah makes me nervous makes me
just want to stay home but then there's
this other side of me that Elise is
already feeling a lot better like what
if we stay home and then everybody's
healthy all weekend and we've missed out
on this trip that we've paid for and
plan for so I feel really torn I also
feel really bad for my brother-in-law
and sister-in-law like they're doing us
an amazing service to babysit our four
kids this weekend
I definitely don't to give them for sick
kids so I'm feeling really conflicted I
feel like these are like really hard
decision leacy do you want mommy and
daddy to stay home with you or do you
think we should go on the trip going to
trip because I want you to move in
friends you think moving in riders that
would be really fun huh but I would miss
you that's okay who will take care of
you bring Michelle now they'll do a good
job I'll just I know and they will up by
my symbol medicine and stuff yeah you
think you're gonna be okay yeah I love
you sweet pea so we pull up and I'm
unbuckling Laura and she goes Blake Luke
Ali
those are her cousins names so she's
clearly not gonna be traumatized with me
leaving her you ready to go inside and
play Ivy jumped for the
look if you give her actually oh I wish
we could get you to do things like that
is your buddy pray through let's do it
again I don't have any more treats Missy
she's like where's my treat because we
just do the - all right well our kids
are pretty much in tears are devastated
that we're leaving they so badly don't
wanna wait a minute here love them but
he's feeling good I'm so glad I'm really
happy
Oh Missy place oh you guys have fun
together okay vibrant she doesn't quit
that she's staying and we're leaving
like it's for one day we will see you on
the plane to Seattle tomorrow Jay house
out say J house out
