who are we making muffins this morning
mmm look yummy all right so we are
making these cinnamon streusel muffins
this morning I don't really know why
they call them muffins because I'm sure
they're about as healthy as cupcakes but
I'm excited I kind of woke up feeling
blah and so I needed something to boost
my day so we're gonna make some muffins
enjoy that snack and then we were
heading to the park so here in the park
and the kids found a turtle which is
awesome hi turtle the kids are trying to
lure the turtle out so a years ago
probably two years ago on my birthday
there was a turtle in our backyard and
so the kids always say they gave me a
turtle for a birthday at least what did
you just do we named our turtle what
Lucinda she wants to come and give you a
kiss I think Isaac how do they kiss
people how do you think
can I just kiss him on the back you
could here goes Caleb
I feel my head down that ball good bye
bye
alright let they build a nest yeah
it looks like our perk time wore out
Laura so I'm home for lunch and Kendra
is making this like homemade brown
butter cheese sauce that she did he did
this last night - right in his last
night really randomly and then you were
like that's yummy
I'm gonna do it again so I sauteed some
garlic and brown some butter and then I
added some milk and now I'm adding some
Parmesan cheese and I'm gonna saute some
spinach and with it anyway I love that
she can make a homemade brown butter
sauce that's like really attractive and
impressive butter garlic parmesan that's
what I meant I know I cook like really
simple meals and freezer meals right now
but in my heart I like to be creative
and really cook I just don't have the
time for it very often how do you guys
like our messy corner I love how our
houses nevermind I was gonna say it's
mostly clean and we're filming our messy
corner boo-boos I'm painting my
fingernails for my fashion show what's
your fashion show um it's after a quiet
time when everybody's awake it's many
more so how did you pick that color for
your fingernail polish it's just ready
for my favorite colors like with
lipstick consider
and expertise what did you do
I'm plated fingernail polish in my mouth
why it really blowing gay was it yucky
uh-huh show me the finger you tried to
paint
there's the finger that Caleb tried to
paint hey buddy don't play with the
thing in a posh okay okay but can you
wipe it off yes on the cops below put
fingernail polish in your mouth no we
love breakfast for dinner we don't do it
enough yummy you're just building the
anticipation so it's absolutely gorgeous
outside today we've spent the whole
afternoon outside riding bikes and
skateboard and drawing with chalk and
anyway I think the kids are gonna go
back out with Jeremy after dinner I have
to go run some errands but it's just too
pretty to stanza
so I've been really happy with our
Toyota cars but we keep getting notices
in the mail about recalls and this one
is particularly interesting it's saying
that our airbags aren't working and
they're asking that we no longer have
anyone sit in the front passenger seat
of our car my Toyota Corolla we
sincerely apologize for any convenience
this will cause seriously like the
recalls like and you can't use it they
said that they have parts that can fix
it but they're not ready yet
you trying to hide get over okay I'm
gonna get you that diaper is looking
like it's ready to be changed but this
says obedience
John 14:15 if you love me keep my
Commandments see there's Jesus teaching
the people so just before Isaac was born
kendra went through and made these
scripture books where she picked some
favorite scriptures and put it with
pictures and we read it to isaac all the
time and he grew up just knowing those
stories and we've gone through and used
them with each of the kids i thought it
was such a cool thing that hundred it's
one of the things that's amazing about
her as a mom is the way that she comes
up with these ideas and organizes it and
puts it together and we've seen it bless
our kids at time see see the person
praying together
hey look she's praying can you fold your
arms like a prayer you fold your arms
take her home there you go
so we did a really good job of it with
the older three kids and this is the
first time i think we've got
with Laura but I was glad I thought
today and I was like hey she's old
enough let's do it and she's off hey
dead end yeah here's your milk good
night Junior Seau let's go see the birds
