morning viewers what are you doing me of
course
all right so this morning the big kids
are with a babysitter and I'm taking
miss Laura into the dentist she has a
hole like a black spot of a hole on one
of her front teeth and were worried it's
a cavity she's only had her teeth for
like three months
so it's really weird that she would have
a cavity there so the dentist is wanting
to see does she have cavities elsewhere
so I'm really just nervous going in I
feel like a really bad mom too like how
did I already let this little girl get a
cavity but he said that I shouldn't feel
guilty about it that it could just be
like her genetics and anyway so we're
going in and I don't really know what to
expect but I'm not very excited about it
buttons buttons oh we're getting any
elevator progress depends you never get
depressed about ends there we go
press that button chop it girl oh this
is so fun do you see up there this is
Thursday hi mama
alright guys well it turns out that she
has hypoplastic enamel which means that
when her teeth were developing it just
developed that way Karina come here oh
don't press that button Laura did really
well
she you know was nervous about it but
she did open her mouth and let the
dentist check for teeth out are you cold
I'm getting a car show me your duck show
me your duck uh-oh
pick up your duck oh and grateful to
know that it's not causing her pain and
that it is fixable in the long run and
hopefully all the rest of the teeth that
come in don't have that same problem but
if so there's worse problems in life
than hypoplastic enamel while I have
just one child I'm also running errands
I'm running a return to t.j.maxx I did
my returns but I found a shirt that I
like so I'll have to try it on for you
guys later
but we're right next to Pet Smart and
this girl loves animals so we're gonna
go say hello to animals she loves them
let's go see the birds
I'm an adult and I find this spot
completely mesmerizing
music fish good job
so mr. Caleb has had a rough couple of
days
he's been very emotional and a little
bit more grumpy than usual and I think
we found out why how are you feeling
today bud sick sick do you have a fever
yeah does he has a fever so we gave him
some medicine and some cuddle time and
hopefully he'll be back to his normal
self soon can't tell the camera what
part of your body is hurting your head
is hurting any other part oh that part
of your head too and your cheeks
that's all oh and I read a story oh I'm
gonna take a nap
Oh huh okay okay mr. Cole you know
they're sick when they want to take a
nap right so we're sitting here eating
our lunch and we hope that Caleb's
asleep but you never really know and he
just yells up from his room i pooed on
accident I just thought that was really
funny
I was really thoughts on that number one
I'm really grateful he's gonna pull up
during that time today
number two I'm grateful Jeremy's still
home I have some really pressing
business matters to get to immediately I
have to go okay so after I changed the
sickly who could have insisted that he
do a dance for you
so Jeremy says it's my turn to put him
back to bed Caleb can you say overtired
what Leonard is that started oh oh can
you say Caleb and Laura woke up from
their naps and I was getting out a snack
for them and Isaac and at least were
already at the table with Laura and
Caleb was the only one missing and I
said hey Laura go get Caleb and tell him
it's snack time and she put down her
snack on the table and she ran around
the corner and into the bedroom and she
walked right up to Caleb and I'm like
tiptoeing behind her watching and she
says snacks now can you say Caleb yeah
can you say snack there's so many fun
things to talk about anyway I think it's
so cute how she's learning to follow
demands like well she'll hear us talking
about going and she'll run over and get
her shoes or I'll tell her you know go
get a diaper go get shoes and she is
like listening and she's becoming a
human you're human izing what do you
think of that yeah there's your shoes we
were just talking about shoes huh I just
had dinner Kendra headed off to run some
errands and the kids are all kind of
freaking out what's going on Isaac
thunderstorm there was a really lack of
thunder huh
we're gonna be safe okay
well what about oh they went inside
their little trees and holes they went
to all their safe places if a lightning
strike that spot that what a tree falls
over sometimes that happens huh
quarter-sized pan with a line of
thunderstorms right now moving into the
city stops they make you a little
nervous
60 Wells Bell wind gusts and quarter
sized hail
this is reagan indicated that the
following impacts are expected hail
damage the vehicles is expected expect
wind damage to roofs siding entries
locations impacted include Kansas City
Independence Thomas longer just makes
noise it strikes the earth but you know
what I think we're going to be safe
inside our house okay through my life 32
years I have never got struck by
lightning right
never never happened to me say you are
not scared
you know what lightning scares me a lot
but when I'm inside my house I'm not
scared about it
we're okay it's a great idea well it
looks like the storm has passed and we
didn't even get struck by lightning Gaby
can you account for us 2015 certainly
gets to 29 and then it gets really crazy
fifty one fifty 250 units 31 I guess
