good morning guys we are finally back
from our trip and that means there's a
lot of work to do I need to catch up on
laundry go grocery shopping clean out
the dreaded van and anyway I feel a
little bit overwhelmed today so the kids
are unpacking their suitcases all by
themselves are you then yep yep how
about you cubby you unpacking yeah okay
so put the clothes where they go put
your shoes where they go pretty quick it
was pretty quick huh good job buddy
and yes Caleb and Laura I think are both
running around in diapers today hey it
happens sometimes
are you done to Isaac I'm done you're
done way to go high-five for helping
I've ever happened thank you I so
appreciate how they can be so helpful
they're like little superstar helper
fairy bees look at him go he's picking
up the cups he's putting them inside of
each other he's putting him in the
drawer he's emptying the dishwasher the
crowd goes wild oh the pizza cutter that
was a tough one
ooh a knife look how he handled it
safely he's a rock star
Isaac oh but can he handle the bottom
rack done done done he's putting away
the cutting boards he knows just which
drawer though he's almost there can he
finish oh I get to have a doctor
appointment here - oh sit on the couch
okey-dokey and boom bump bump bump bump
bump and now time for and Wow
uh-oh it's a shot those are so scary
okay but right now we're not gonna do it
we're just gonna put alcohol okay all
right so one of the times that I most
appreciate freezer meals is when I'm
coming home from a trip like this so
tonight you're going to have party
chicken all I have to do is put this in
the crock
before I put it in a crock-pot I'm going
to spread a pan with nonstick cooking
spray so it'll be easy to clean I know I
saw her do that so we are also
sleep-deprived from our trip like I
think there's going to be several days
of the kids just being tired but if I
let him sleep too long then you won't
sleep tonight
and that it's not beneful puppy I'm back
in my office after some time off work I
have to catch up on a ton of stuff so I
don't have a lot of time to talk let's
do it
so cub UHF - making a paper salad you're
making a paper salad how are you going
to do that did you come you watch a sec
you got like a low key okay
looking for Kappa you did it that's
Freddie ah those pretty fast you should
build another one
Ali I offered to play with them and I
keep knocking them over on accidents
what did you make paint brush motor
who's it for yeah dad Oh anything you're
not so see that one's become so oh
you're gonna surprise him with it
so we have a bunch of books that are due
to heading for the library before our
trip yeah but we left later than the
library was open so we may decide to
make a donation to the library thing in
the form of late fees we donate a lot to
the library we really believe in they
believe in it yeah not because we have
late fees or books that are lost notes
because we believe in what it's all
about
we're joking I have late fees all the
time yeah today we're buying a book
right Caleb rips books oh is Caleb in
this outfit okay Caleb came a spider
no surprises here
Isaac is reading about football this is
reading Fancy Nancy books there's not
quits miss one Oh what Christmas fancy
man chill not yet don't water you
playing a Dora game you know it's a good
toy when the parents are involved I know
I'm glad she's here so I have an excuse
to play hi I was trying to sit here no
face mom I'm busy
wait patty all that stuff still got it
are we checking out all of this of
course that's this deck I chose so I'm
in the home school planning stage which
means I'm getting some extra books today
I'm really wanting to do kind of a
cookie I want it to our whole school and
so I got all of these are kids cookbooks
I want to check out and look at okay
spider-man there's someone outside who
needs spider-man's help huh good track
we had to bring in the big guns to try
to get spider-man out of here Cubby's
have to obey I live it's time to go what
do you say
like you say just like a booger at me
what do you say it's time to go what do
you say this is the last one okay hmm
and then mommy's gonna help you okay
good job buddy you're amazing at that
game let's go down when it's time to
cool what do we say thank you thank you
mom for letting us come can we please
come another day yeah that's exactly
what we say I'll just get some good ones
but they got all this like educational
stuff and I found a Where's Waldo and
pretty excited about it
we thought that we were trying to play a
game with you guys this time we're gonna
play some J house trivia what boring
event did my dad take me to last year
