guess what my brother he had his baby
yeah yeah I should we show him a picture
she's so cute of course she is
alright good morning we are hoping for a
better travel day today um everybody
slept really well once we finally got
everybody settled in and just leave
which did take a while but um now we are
away and trying to enjoy a collection
enjoy breakfast
these waffle makers like the coolest
thing ever
there it is you excited about that
waffle yes are you feeling better
totally do you think you're going to
handle this waffle yeah I'm not this in
the fridge
welcome to Cozad I'm taking Laura with
me up to get the van it's not too far
you can see the Dairy Queen sign up
there it's just a little past that we
decided he didn't want to walk any
further come on bud we're almost there
look it's right there I can see it the
Dairy Queen is just up there it's just
past there okay all right we made it
we're back to our van here for vehicle
you're very welcome
okay so now I'm doing everything I can
to try to get rid of the throw-up smell
in the van
behind we're finally getting ready to
leave Cosette say goodbye everybody
knows that you were great to us I wonder
what the population
we should look at the population and
Cozad
how much I love
today my son
so here's something that we filmed
yesterday while we were driving on the
long truck road trip we cut it out of
the log yesterday because of all the
flat tire stuff but we thought you guys
would enjoy it today
have fun alright so when we go on road
trips we like to play a lot of games in
the car to keep us entertained so we
don't die of boredom so we thought that
we would try to play a game with you
guys this time we're gonna play some Jay
house trivia what sporting event did my
dad take me to last year
last fall we surprised some of our
neighbors with cookies did they find out
that it was us oh it's a surprise but
they're gone
she totally thought they came yeah like
last second she looked down at the
camera I didn't know if they were gonna
see it and find it I was hoping not
but last second she saw the phone and
Kendra's phone has like a bright neon
green case on it so sorry I don't
usually use my phone for stealth
operations yeah what did we name our
neighbor's cat we have a new cat and an
it's all ours
oh it's ours what's his name all right
so here's scratch
hello scratch
well Jeremy I hate to say this I think
our kids need up what do I dress up for
Halloween last year
oh it worked
did I lose Nikki go Keenum go eat I'm
Superman this last winter we stayed at a
rental place in Arizona what did we
break while we were there oh you're oh
my gosh what happened it shattered
thanks for playing trivia with us put in
the comments below how well you did all
right you gonna take a turn driving yeah
so you can get a rest oh you're so nice
to me
we're sitting here at a rest stop Jeremy
um ran in with Caleb to take it in the
bathroom wait Oh Annelise is having a
grumpy moment so she climbed up here to
snuggle with me mmmm
guess what my brother he had his baby
yeah yeah I should we show him a picture
she's so cute of course she is there it
is my little brother and his wife and
their new baby over so clearly you know
what she's gonna call it yeah we don't
know her name yet did you see your Isaac
what do you think that's your new cousin
that's that's cool yeah you do we don't
know her name yet Jeremy's going from
the bathroom that's never a good sign
when somebody's calling from the
restroom hello
you know key fight you know
well apparently Caleb just peed all over
his shorts and his pull-up in the
bathroom so I'm gonna get some new stuff
for Jeremy and Caleb fun times
Laura can you say Laura Laura Laura
sorry it's so funny that she's now
saying at just how Caleb said her name
when she was born we're getting off the
freeway for the last time on this
adventure you guys we're home
come on let's go check it out oh we home
we home we're home
well it feels so good to be home and
we're all getting ready for bed what
you're just going to do our family
prayer at night and tell God how
grateful we are that we were able to
make it home safely
you guys ready to give us a Jay house
out
I was actually sleeping when Kendra woke
me up and she's like the car doesn't
feel right and somebody pulled over and
found this
