I was actually sleeping when Kendra woke
me up and she's like the car doesn't
feel right and so we pulled over and
secret job that is huge
she's been working hard this morning no
you got it she has carried up almost
everything in this file are you serious
yeah
that-a-girl I think I carried the
massive dirty clothes backpack at least
thank you so much for working so hard I
love it give me a big bag we're doing
that last-minute prep before we head off
on another 17 hour Drive decided to roll
down the window see if that might help
with the death smell we cleaned like in
the washing machine Caleb and Laura's
car seats because they were just they
were gross
maybe scheduling each other
so as we're heading back home I've just
been thinking about all the people who
helped us out while we were on the trip
we had so many amazing family and
friends that let us stay with them
and that's not an easy thing when we
have four little kids like it's a pretty
big deal they're up early and they wake
up in the nighttime and they eat a lot
of food and people took care of us and
so we're just really thankful for all of
those who helped us out we really
appreciate it you find it was so good to
see everyone W getting ready for an
Appetit nap and Ira get goat you did how
you gonna take another nap lay your head
down
good job lay your head down we're gonna
all try taking nap hey guys guess what
what I just got a text from Uncle
Michael and guess what
aunt Melanie is at the hospital getting
ready to have their baby
she's excited so they're gonna text this
when they have their baby girl not
exciting Northern California so this is
my brother and sister-in-laws first baby
and she's already I'm so excited for
me rescue basket you
Niska
do it
when we've been in the car I'm not sure
to go a little crazy
so sometimes we forget why it is that we
drive through the night and we are being
very easily reminded why the drives are
the buddies have a time
okay so we're halfway there we stop to
eat some dinner kind of just like
stretching our legs out right now out
here
so we finally got all the kids to sleep
we're not driving
and the car starts like shaking crazy
and we have a flat tire guys Jenny this
is part of our tire like on the inside
it's completely shredded we'll show you
when we get it off oh my gosh guys I'm
so glad that we stopped when we did that
was getting really dangerous Isaac are
you okay I find this there yeah it's
gonna be okay we're just gonna put a new
tire on the carton
this is going to be a problem
like muscle the bolts with my arms but
just kicking it down with my front seems
to be working better I would just like
to say again that I'm really glad that
I'm not alone on this trip I would be
completely stranded without Jeremy and
his expert manoeuvres I got all of them
done now I've changed flat tires before
but normally I've done it on a little
car this is my first time on a big
minivan so I'm not ashamed to use the
owners manual like it actually does a
really good job of explaining it I
called Henders dad of just like so where
should I put the jack and I just want to
make sure I don't do anything really
stupid because I know I'm not an expert
at this but I should be able to figure
it out but now we're trying to lower
down the spare tire which is actually
like wasted underneath the car right now
and so there's a bolt that we have to
use what do you think pumpkin you want
to be asleep huh so you can't drive very
far on spare tires and so we're gonna
have to just go to the nearest town and
find a hotel
I have funny family memories of being
stranded on the side of the road a
different time
sixteen different things sometimes the
bad things in life become some really
fun memories so I'll just try to
remember that longer thing here check
out good holy smokes I mean that thing's
completely shredded Oh Jeremy we are so
lucky so Laura woke up inside the car
and Isaac was super big brother he was
able to soothe her back to sleep and
anyway just grateful for him since I'm
on very important hold flashlight duty
all right so who has had car trouble on
road trips we want to hear your stories
make us feel better about our adventure
in the comments below
yeah and so sorry you're not feeling
good buddy
while we were changing the tire
Isaac threw up in the car he's not sure
we're out here with Isaac and he's like
still recovering from throwing up and
he's just like the stars out here look
beautiful
so you said you are such a sweet boy so
got the tire change now we're cleaning
up the throw-up out of the car
Kendra's getting a hotel set up so the
stars really are amazing out here and
it's interesting during like my little
emergency that I'm going through here to
look up and see how much bigger all of
life is and how little my little
stranded on the side of the road for an
hour is in the big picture of things you
made it about 50 yards of driving isaac
threw up again and leecy just threw up a
little bit so we're going to well we are
somewhere in Nebraska at a roadway in
for the night
and I don't think I've ever in my life
been so grateful to see a hotel and to
finally be here so now we just have to
get the kids settled and pray there's no
more vomit tonight and figure out the
whole tire thing in the morning so still
lots a head of us but grateful to be
here instead of on the side of the road
and it all comes tumbling down all right
all that was so sweet of you DC
that's a hotel gigolo and a bathroom
attached we've talked about stopping at
a hotel and we've been afraid to try it
ever so we're going to see how this goes
please what's up here
