we are here at Overland babies we slept
so well last night they have a comfy
house and now she's making a feast
excited good job
you are rocking a big girl did you how
many did you guys I'm coming I'm playing
ah I guess we're playing giant and
little people I'm the giant yeah I'm
gonna get you
Gillian so Zeta has the coolest but it's
like a bearded dragon is that right yeah
and what's his name Raptor Raptor so
Raptor actually sleeps with Zayn we came
in last night and they were watching a
movie and you shower with him uncles and
he was just laying raptor was just like
laying on top of his back and he was
just chilling watching
he loves water so we just been so
impressed with April and Davi they they
have this amazing beautiful house and
they've been self-employed for the last
12 years and they just go and make
things happen like they're just
impressive people and they've been so
generous to let us stay with them and to
make this us this breakfast it was fun
to get to know them at VidCon and we're
gonna get to see them again at
vloggerfair and so it's just it's really
meaningful with YouTube to get to build
friends what people are doing similar
things as what we're doing hey guys were
coming up to the dump that's what we
call this your daddy and I lived in a
basement dump we lived in the base right
here this house out the big window but
we lived in the basement and it was so
tiny and funny and weird the shower was
something we could hardly fit in there
was a hole in the wall that went
straight to a dirt basement
I swear the bathroom was like
like a dirt floor like you know it's
just a weird but it was super ancient we
save so much money so before we head up
to CVX like we wanted to take our kids
up to BYU and show them some of the
places we live we're coming up to her
daddy and I met and who would have
thought that a decade later we'd be
driving by with four little minions in
the backseat there to forget them kita I
thought so right here this is where it
all began here this is where it happened
here's the last school this is where I
spent a lot of time you guys want to go
see the inside real quick
so if you remember from our reunion this
is Travis my brother and his wife yeah
and his wife Ashley and their little boy
oh my god
the hard times will arise light reverse
through darkened skies spied what will
come away will stand in
all right so we're dropping our kids off
here at Towson Ashlee's place and I love
this Ashley has this knitted frame that
she puts all her earrings on we're gonna
have to implement this because we have
earrings all over our house right now we
always lose them sorry Ashley that I'm
filming in your bathroom so can the
engineers go but right now we just got
to hear Devin Supertramp speak and it
was so inspiring I was near to
definitely a highway timeout so our
battery was dying and we didn't get a
lot of footage of CVX live on Saturday
but we had an amazing time talking with
a lot of youtubers and meeting a lot of
people it was just really a good
experience and Madeline page ended up
winning the next big youtuber she's very
talented singer we loved her video and
it was great to meet her as well so
we're excited for her future time in may
be what are you doing
looks like they're having fun
we've been up talking with Santa Marla
and David we have the bed burrito out of
the couch you turned it together yeah
this is where we're sleeping tonight
this is one of those nights when we're
really glad that we're not like seven
feet tall
oh I know it's funny in blogs there's no
concept of how tall or short I know
Jerry's like five - and I was like 411
we're midget even though thank you for
the accommodations you guys win most
creative bed awarded who is this like
extra go-go-gadget
extra long for my feet that's it for my
feet for my feet to touch so handsome
you thanks down here doesn't have a red
light on it does it not is it recording
it is recording such as well like gates
really this is not even be recorded okay
sorry it's getting late definite Lupino
okay good it's in this thing before you
really goes up it's just a generator is
that mm-hmm
they're announcing the top of I feel
you're the next big youtuber we have a
lot of awesome price
