they're announcing the top of the next
big youtuber we have a lot of awesome
price all right so we are getting ready
to go to CVX live this morning I
straighten my hair which now is raining
out so I'm thinking that was kind of a
silly idea because it's gonna go all
frizzy on me Jeremy is finishing editing
say hello I feel so bad you guys I
didn't get a video up yesterday and it's
just cuz we were traveling all day and
didn't sleep and so I'm doing two days
in one for today which you just saw
yesterday he's so cute peekaboo big man
our car will not start this is the first
time this has happened yeah we're headed
to CVX live right now for the next big
youtuber contest and the irony is that
our video that we submitted in there is
one the last time where our van didn't
start here we go
now that guards on Caleb where are we um
Mady contracts had a conference we're at
CVX love so because our car wouldn't
start and we were running late we
weren't able to drop the kids off at the
babysitter so Caleb and Laura get to
come with us which will be frightened
I'm excited Caleb makes everything more
fun Nicole came up and she said I watch
you guys
anesthesia is that right yeah we had
more friends come up who said they watch
our vlog and more as attacking them so
sorry about that
hi well I have decided that I'm really
glad we are not going to have her kids
at longer fare or for the rest of the
day today so that was fun but I felt
spastic the whole time like trying to
have conversations and that was going on
in the background they were all over the
place Laura was just wouldn't say she's
so tired
all right so Jamba Juice is one of my
favorite places in the world and it's
like a comfort food and so food can some
of these be called a food so we're
driving right now on Center Street and
our first place ever together was on
Center Street
just down here the readers down
and we would walk and see the kindred
loved all these old houses downtown and
grow
it's fun to drive on the street so I'm
here with my sister Marla yes and we're
letting her have the privilege of
watching let√µs or guys and so they're
having fun congratulations you have won
is she eating chalk probably yes Chuck
she is eating so yummy you would think
she would learn that it doesn't taste
good but it's so Sam I can see you out
of the reflection that's kind of fun
there you are
well have fun with him crazies once
there sleep-deprived to this point they
stopped being children and they become
demons but they're cute little demons so
her head it gets live right now for the
evening events and this evening they're
going to reveal the five finalists in
the next big youtuber contest and I'm
feeling really nervous about it and
honestly personally I don't feel like
we're going to be in the top five
I think it's very possible we won't make
it and it's because you know we just
chose a normal vlog of ours and put it
in and some people like made special
videos for this and it's looking like
it's more of a video competition than
necessarily like a channel competition
and I think they're just maybe are
looking for something more unique and
we're just family vloggers they're
announcing the topic view for the next
big youtuber we have a lot of awesome
prices for between YouTube so they're
revealing the top 5 with the video
you guys are video
either meeting the top I already did it
on this one
by 10m so we're really disappointed we
didn't make it in the top five it's a
bummer like to know that the expert
judges didn't put us in there and for
all the people that we asked to come
vote we feel like we let this whole
group of people who have been watching
and excited about it down it was hard
being there with a lot of other people
knowing that we were hoping to make it
in and then to not make it it was
embarrassing but if I could go back and
do it again I think I would go for it
again I really want my life to not be
making decisions based on fear and I
think too often I know that there's a
possibility of being rejected or are
losing or being embarrassed and so we
don't do stuff I'm glad we went for it
like I want to keep chasing my dreams I
want to keep trying for things that we
might lose it because we're going to
fail along the way but we can learn from
those things and I think we've learned a
lot from this like if if we could go
back I think we might have done things a
little different maybe put a different
video into the competition but
regardless we're excited that we're here
and it's going to be really fun to end
off our time here in Utah being with
friends and family getting to meet other
great youtubers we're actually here
right now at April and Davies house and
it is so much fun like we've been up
talking with them anyway you'll have to
see more of that tomorrow we'll include
more of them in the blog okay I mean
this guy always makes me feel better if
I'm feeling down where aren't we sweet
we're gonna go some with April and Davey
Oh that'd be fun all right at least
they're already gonna go pick up Isaac
and Elise right now you ever feeling sad
a big hug from Caleb will always make
you feel better
cubby did you find a really quiet toy is
it is it not annoying at all well good
let's bring that home and use it for a
bedtime tonight no doors looking Lord
get sunglasses
it's so fun for a kids get to see some
of the cousins that they don't normally
get to hang out home we're loving it
all right what was a long day and it was
a day where things didn't exactly go how
we would have liked them to but um we
just really wanted to thank all of you
guys for all the support and love that
you've shown to us over the last week
you guys really rallied around us and
voted and encouraged others to vote and
that really meant so much to us and so I
say thank you do you say J house out 17
hours and 16 minutes of traveling
