Kendra I just came out and they said
that we were one of the little clips are
showing on the nine o'clock news we
thought nine o'clock p.m. so we watched
all of the news last night uh or antenna
antenna I always say that word wrong
Kendra makes fun of me when you're
trying to watch yourself on the news and
your antenna doesn't work that's
annoying that's us Kendra we're on and
it's not working
we're on but we can't see we were what
did you guys think of that Wow all right
god that was exciting we almost saw
ourselves on the news maybe we have a
friend who has like one of those TVs
that like record stuff we're so behind
on TV
Isak excited ready to go I'm excited are
we going on a trip
gonna go see Utah we're about to leave
and we're at that point where we're
trying to remember what we forgot but I
think you actually have to like get a
couple miles out before that
recollection comes it's true we're ready
to go do you think do you think we're
gonna have to turn around and come back
um what's good is we're going to family
so uh two freshmen will just probably
theirs so it's 9/16 and we believe it's
16 hours oh this is a good one okay put
your guesses in the comments below what
time will we pull into Provo Utah it's a
16-hour Drive there's a one-hour time
change but we also have a lot of people
with bladders in here so you never know
okay guesses in put them in right now
what do you think I'm gonna guess
3:30 p.m. tomorrow 3:30 that's like way
more than 16 hours yeah that's like 20
hours oh okay but that's your guess oh
no no no okay I'm gonna go with 122 oh
very nice slow down speed up um okay
we'll see what what do I need to reach
Ange my off my number you can't change
it just because I educated you about
time I'll go at two o'clock 2:15 can she
do can you do that yes we really edit it
edit it to make it look like that was my
first guess so I am guessing 2:15 okay
an edit this side it's my good side
all right so on our way out of town I'm
stopping at the grocery store to pick up
some good like snack food some good
traveling food
I love Junior Mints lifesavers and I
need something with like a good kick to
it to keep me awake how about hot
tamales they're even on sale when Jeremy
takes his turn driving he absolutely
loves sunflower seeds I do not care for
them at all I actually kind of think
they're disgusting here's the options
okay so there's nothing exactly barbecue
flavor buffalo in favor keep a black
pepper bridge or sizzling bacon
what would Jeremy like
barbeque or ranch I'm gonna just guess
ranch Oh barbecue Cool Ranch I'm gonna
call a lifeline did you know that they
have different flavors of sunflower
seeds yeah
oh do you want original barbecue Buffalo
bean sea salt black pepper
ranch or sizzling bacon the only one
that would probably interested in is the
ranch
Oh guys I got it right I had it narrowed
down to ranch or barbecue and I was
leaning toward the ranch for decided to
call a lifeline all right mission
accomplished let's get this road trip
finally started there's Kendall trying
to stay awake
just don't kill us
learn is the elbow dance
so the whole reason that we drive
through the night is so the kids will
sleep and here we are at 2:00 a.m. all
awake isn't that lovely this is like
quality family time this is the moment
that memories are made of here in
Kearney Nebraska is that where we are
all right who wants to go back to bed
oh yeah frontier
we're coming up on a tunnel do you want
to see if you can hold your breath
through the tunnel you guys ready
here we go hold your breath and go
it's
sorry apparently I'm supposed to be
holding my breath right now we're
drinking and I'm supposed to be holding
my breath and to put I am still talking
did you make it did you guys make it dad
dance with your shoulders
all right so we're headed through the
canyon driving into Salt Lake and I just
like flooded with memories of the last
time we drove through this candy which
was five years ago a little bit over
five years ago when we drove from Salt
Lake to move out to Missouri and it was
just Jeremy and like our little car and
we had Isaac who was not even two yet a
little baby Alise and we're moving out
to start our new adventure out of
Missouri's which is crazy to be coming
back in and remember those times and how
much has happened
so we're reminiscing over good memories
as we're going by different spots and
being by Park City we always will
remember the time that Kendra and I were
asked to drive Mitt Romney up to his
cabin into a fundraiser at Franklin
Cubby's house and Kendra took a wrong
turn it was also true it was a little
embarrassing so it's interesting life
when we lived here was not perfect we
went through some really hard times but
driving back like the memories and the
feelings is just what a special type in
our life it was and it's so positive it
makes me wish for that same like far
remove you of my life right now that
make sense
because we are coming into Provo welcome
to Provo I'm so 132 officially I we were
tabs ten minutes ten minutes off Isaac
Isaac guest 145
yeah it's pretty exciting I guess what's
most exciting is that after how long is
our drive been Isaac 17 hours and 16
minutes of traveling
they're at my door like 15 minutes later
was not just my sister-in-law but all of
my friends like instead of going
straight to the girls night out they
came here and they cleaned our whole
house and they helped change the kids
clothes
