the craziest thing just happened we just
got a phone call from Fox News and they
want to come to our house in an hour all
right good morning we decide to come out
to the pool this morning
and it was like pulling teeth to get the
kids to leave the house even though we
were going to the pool like we had to
like fold some laundry and get some
stuff done before we left but anyway
we're here and we're all happy not over
here hopefully this will like lift our
spirits and get us out of our morning
funk maybe it's just my morning funk
maybe this will get me out of my morning
funk it's what I meant
so hey miss Laura can you see Laura
mm-hmm that's her newest trick of the
day is the water I jump em what you guys
eating Finch
very spinach just like papa who's like
Papa okay so my dad eats literally
handfuls of spinach like he just grabs
it out of the bag and he just eats
spinach and so the kids came up to the
bag today I had it out so I was making a
sandwich and they said can we have some
spinach spinach and I'm like just a
handful that they're like yeah just like
Papa so here's my kids eating their
spinach what do you guys think of it
good good not bad but it's healthy all
right guys I'm seriously overwhelmed my
house is a wreck I still have laundry to
do we've got our big trip that we're
leaving for tomorrow and I'm not
prepared for it and I'm not packed and
thought I'm just getting overwhelmed so
when I'm stressed I like to deal with it
a couple of different ways I like to run
which I can't do at the moment because I
have all my kids with me
I like to take a bubble bath which also
isn't really ideal timing at the moment
and I like to dance it off so I am going
to date
Oh
yeah
so we're happy
all right well I am feeling a little bit
better time to go tackle the to-do list
so I should be working on packing and
cleaning but I got distracted and I've
been working on some home school stuff
anyway I stuck my hand in my back pocket
and look what I found
it's a $20 bill I just washed the spare
pants too so uh yeah it's always fun to
find money up OK hey buddy how's your
nip good I can't use make him that cool
for today did you get to see it yeah
we're gonna yes
why should come see it too mmm okay
follow me okie dokie Haley wants to show
it to us yeah what okay guys
I'm coming in okay put it that way we
have stuff you like it guys guess what
the craziest thing just happened we just
got a phone call from Fox News our local
Fox News in our area and they want to
come to our house in an hour and
interview all of us about YouTube and
our YouTube life and the contest that's
coming up and I'm really excited and
scared to death look at my house ah do
you guys want to be on the news
yeah we are a are there like what's the
big deal papa all right well wish us
luck here goes nothing I had plans to go
out on a girls night out tonight my good
friend Michelle it was her birthday so
we're gonna all go to Olive Garden
together and then we got the call from
Fox 4 News and so I called my
sister-in-law who's also named Michelle
and was like hey I won't be able to come
like we've got this Fox 4 interview I'll
try to come right after that and she was
like oh are you excited and I said I'm
loaded her was my house is a wreck and
so anyway I hung up and then they're at
my door like 15 minutes later was not
just my sister-in-law but all of my
friends like instead of going straight
to the girl
I doubt they came here and they cleaned
our whole house and they helped change
the kids clothes and get their hair done
is what we're learning from this is
apparently all I need is five of me at
all times and then I could have a clean
house this is seriously amazing like I'm
almost in tears about this like I
couldn't not there's no way I could have
done this by myself so you're saying we
should rotate houses yeah this is gonna
be cool like a holdover to women but I
decided one girl used to take them kids
to their house and we clean them by
rotating because it's way more fun to
clean together it is all right well
foxes should be here any minute and I'm
just really grateful thank you enough
I'm sorry
so my niece is gonna stay here and help
us manage the kids during the interview
what would we have done without these
ladies I don't even
hi thank you I think the kids are a
little bit excited they're here sorry
our kids are pretty excited about this
how's it going good sorry you're
normally not on this side of the cameras
oh hello this is our niece and so she's
helping us out thank you and if the kids
go crazy which happened last time we
tried to do an interview yeah we'll have
someone but you're gonna do really good
huh hey that's a light not quite as big
and fancy is it okay with him
so we are very long she doesn't move
around too much and want to see the
episode won't get back our channel is J
house vlogs we want to be sharing a
positive message of family that families
are fun that we can learn together we
can serve together and love each other
and we're imperfect like we put those
parts in there are times where we're
struggling and we talk about marriage
problems we talk about the difficulty of
parenting and at the same time show how
much joy comes with anything okay so I'm
admiring her camera and being really
really grateful that I don't have to
vlog with that new magic logging with
that camera that's yeah yes for us to
watch up ourself on TV you think we're
gonna be on TV yeah yeah I got so
nervous guys I get so nervous doing
those kinds of things it's like hard for
me to articulate myself from Brown our
table hopefully it goes okay so it
didn't air tonight they said over there
tonight or tomorrow they weren't sure
exactly with the schedule so we'll try
to catch it when it does air and see if
we can film it for you but I'm not sure
we actually watched a little bit of the
news tonight cuz there's crazy people in
the world I think I'm gonna stick to
watching family blogs it's a much
happier place you know dudes like what
was depressing and scary and disturbing
so I've been going through some of the
footage of our day and you have a rough
day earlier today what are you talking
about anyway that just makes me more
amazed at all of our friends who came
over to help clean up our house is
amazing like it was totally unexpected
and just amazing they were so nice to us
we really feel loved in them and we
appreciate your friends yeah all right
so somehow we still have to pack up and
get this family ready to go to Utah
tomorrow I'm not exactly sure how that's
been happening are like friend fairies
will come again that would be awesome
and
go get something done
