good morning friends Laura can you say
hi just talking away I made it ha ha ha
suicide
great that fun
so I told the kids that I was going to
come take some video of them in the
garden and inside like doing some of the
cooking any lease was like mom you're
gonna ruin all of our fun like we want
to be there without you so apparently
they're too old for mom to tag along so
I'm gonna go but here they are all right
well I've just been out running errands
with Caleb and Laura they were really
good sports and now we're gonna go in
and try to sneak into the very end of
Isaac and Elise's class and just see
what they made today I love this class
because what they do is they go out to
the garden and they pick fresh produce
and then they come back in and they cook
recipes with it and so I'm excited to
see what they decided to make today what
is it what did you make it's on here
let's see you made okra eggs and
tomatoes mmm I have not had Oprah before
how does it take it's really bigger all
right well I'm making lunch for the kids
we're having turkey sandwiches today on
rolls
I love rolls why is that so much more
fun than just eating on bread right but
while I'm making this I was sitting here
thinking about our lessons from church
yesterday Jeremy and I both had the
chance to teach yesterday one of the
lines that really stood out to me talked
about how parents can hunger and thirst
and yearn to bless their families and
that as they turn to the Lord the Lord
can help them in that responsibility and
I just thought about that like I think
sometimes in life I get a little bit
lazy and I'm like just going through the
motions oh okay here's your breakfast
here's your lunch and mi every single
day really like hungry and thirsty and
yearning to know God's will and to share
it with my children in our family anyway
I just really felt a call to improve on
that so
the kids were eating lunch and there's a
fly and now there's a full-blown battle
as the kids try to get in five
there's the fly who's gonna get it yeah
did you get it no nope it's I say it
over there it's over bilac's plate yeah
yeah what do you think Lise the Flies
are they think the New York Giants kind
of fly and they're a lazy
that will try Russia are you trying to
crush them yeah here you throw a ball at
it did you get it I think where is it my
guess is that the fly saw that daddy
came home and daddy means business with
my fly is scared of daddy being home
well I am once again cleaning poo out of
Kayla's underwear he's just been
reverting backwards with potty training
lately
one thing that tries to help maybe a
patient is just to remember how many
things in my life I'm reverting
backwards in all the time with parenting
or with other just habits in general so
I'm trying to have more patience
who are you are you a superhero what's
your name
can we call you goggle boy no there's
like I um bone arrow guy that's with the
Avengers he has hair baubles haha oh
yeah he is really good he has fire bow
and arrows whoa show me your best move
ready go
tonight I am a free woman I am out
running errands all by myself which is
quite the treat and I get to get some
shopping done we were gone at VidCon and
then we had summer camp which was really
busy for a whole week and now I just got
today and tomorrow and a little bit of
Wednesday to get ready for our big trip
to Utah so I just got these shorts
before we left the VidCon and I was
taking the trash out and I got grease
all over them and then I was trying to
clean it out and I used a brush and I
think I destroyed my shorts my brand-new
shorts any guy has ever done that where
you destroy something new that you have
so frustrating
all right so mom just got home from
running errands we're getting ready to
do our family scripture study and I just
don't know why we would use this couch
at all we don't even need this I'll
count can I come sit by you guys yeah
okay let's do it a snuggle done
