we're going to start the day off with a
smoothie our kids are like crazy about
smoothies okay what's a smoothie come to
the other Katyn ball miss Laura do you
want some yeah just one second let's get
Laura's hers first you have an exciting
day planned today we are starting off by
heading to the beach do you guys know
who we're going with you
Brent and Michelle yeah why not
the beach is like I'm 25 hours away in
California and then like 20 hours away
by like North North Carolina so Isaac
where are other places that might have a
beach besides the ocean
okay so rivers what else besides rivers
might have a beach creaks creaks what
else might have a beach wait legs we are
going to a lake beach you guys ready
yeah go get your swimsuits on all right
so we are in good spirits heading off to
the beach but we're a little bit nervous
about the horizon it looks like it might
rain you never know I mean look at some
of these clouds all right well he didn't
make it too far before it started
raining so we're going to keep driving
we're hoping to just drive through the
storm to the beach maybe we're just
being too optimistic
what are you guys think I want you to
guess in the comments below do you think
that we're going to get rained out do
you think that it's going to not rain
while we're there for a combination of
the two let us know in the comments
below before you watch it and then we'll
see what happens
yeah
are we just believed for continuing to
go
whoa what do you see and it's sunny for
now
well that's Kansas City for you blue
skies over here and we're gonna have fun
at the beach spraying down what do you
think
feels like we packed up everything just
for a like afternoon of the beach you
dive in the lake
versus the celebration oh yeah so have
you seen that video of the surfer where
a shark came up but he ended up
surviving it for some reason even though
we're in a lake there's that irrational
fear that there's like a shark that's
going to come up on you I don't know if
you guys get that when you're out in
water do you get scared that you're
going to get attacked by something I
didn't even just like a fish so I'm
actually not a big fan of sand but it
was really important to me I really
wanted the kids to come out and
experience the concept of like playing
with the sand by the water and I know
this is nothing compared to the real
beach I grew up going on trips with my
family to California most summers and so
anyway this isn't the Pacific Ocean or
the Atlantic Ocean but it makes for a
fun day for our family
one teaspoon at a time cover them up ok
bud both of our kids have asked us to go
to the bathroom in the bathroom it's a
generational thing we just beat it okay
I would have never even asked yeah crazy
but we'll take him to the bathroom this
is better this way
I met Michelle each camp you found a
seashell Julio and I want you to fold it
and go with it I'll keep it safe
you're a mermaid now thanks Ali for
making her a mermaid the cubby what are
you making
make it a Jay house you know it was a
good day when the kids fall asleep as
soon as were in the car dad look what I
love having you this is a proud moment
as a father well done my little daughter
all right so it's date night we're super
excited to be out it's funny though as
we were getting ready to leave I was
feeling like I was leaving on a
super-secret spy mission
like Laura does really well with
babysitters unless she sees us leave and
then she freaks out and so you didn't
get this time she didn't cry yeah yeah
Jeremy usually leaves first like he
leaves sleeps and Jeremy leaves first
sometimes ten bulbs then I like kind of
you know scoot to the back slide to the
red hide behind a door and somehow I
escaped but anyway we're headed to
dinner all right so we're here at Jose
peppers waiting for our table and we
were chatting about this next week and
how excited we are to go to Utah timeout
so we're so excited to leave for Utah
just a couple days and to show our kids
some of our favorite places their to go
on hikes and some of our favorite
restaurants to introduce them to our
friends there and family and then also
we get to introduce our kids to some of
their favorite youtubers at CVX live the
winner of the next big youtuber contest
is also going to be announced this week
and the reason that we entered the
contest was because we love sharing our
family life on YouTube we want to take
our message of family love and family
learning to a broader audience the truth
is though is that when we entered the
contest we didn't know that daily voting
was going to be something that was a
part of it and it's hard for us to reach
out and ask people
to do that we don't want to bug you guys
Kendra actually tried during our date
night to talk about this and it's been
hard for us to even really talk about
here's some of Kendra's attempts so
we're waiting here at CVX live and that
didn't make any sense at all so I guess
I don't really need my season lunch we
might be excited about that um there's a
bit of them know if we win here's what
it means for our channel and for us what
it is
I can talk every good date ends at
Target buying a gallon of milk and
diapers it's been the pattern for at
least five years so it's true there you
go
by Target we got the kids to bed and we
got our dessert which I'm really excited
about I want to show it to you guys so
here's our vanilla bean cupcake with
vanilla bean frosting and it has like a
vanilla filling you can sear it and then
there's the Moni ice cream have you guys
had spumoni ice cream before it's
pistachio cherry and chocolate so I
think we are going to snuggle up and
watch a show and go to sleep very early
somewhere Jade how's that
