weird actually right what are you tell
me IRA mustache - just pray though hair
I think a normal girl
oh it's like it's time to wax with girl
mustache you're not supposed to notice
those hairs and you're not supposed to
tell everybody on the blog about them
either
good morning friends so we are getting
ready for summer camp posted at our
house today and it's been a stressful
morning so I know a lot of times you can
see the vlog and it's like wow
everything's put together and everything
just works out but there's still all the
stress and trying to get everything
cleaned up and the frustration with the
kids not doing what you ask them to do
and so we're dealing with a lot of that
this morning but I think that's someone
at the door now that you're in the
groove I stand up boom up Chico Rucker
Chico reckon - what style dinosaur doing
the zoo's up awesome azar boom Chicka
Boom
one more time one today we are going to
be studying site and touch the first day
I want you to do a dry part I was no
peeking right tell you really look good
it doesn't really look good look good
it's hard when you can't see and look at
the eye and I'm going to draw the eye
and observe the different parts of the
eye okay hey mom this is what your eye
really looks like okay we only see a
very small part of the eye the rest of
the eye is in our head what do you
laughing
we have a little class on our hands dad
love you all right
ready and one of you is going to be
blindfolded and somebody else is going
to be helping the person alone don't let
it right into step
they shoot it deny this nope that's the
iris the retina is this inside part
right here feel it you see if you can
feel what it is Braille was invented by
a boy named Louie Braille guess how old
he wasn't he invented Braille 13 decided
he was 15 years old all right guys so
here is some Braille I want you guys to
feel it this is the alphabet written in
Braille so the kids actually got super
into the Braille activity I wasn't sure
how that would go but they on their own
decided to write their names on their
worksheets in Braille which is funny
because I thought about asking them to
do that and I was like no that would be
like too hard so it's really fun to see
them doing it and now it's prefacing so
this is going on in the living room
let's see what's happening in the
bedroom you guys are being fairies now
yeah all right every good summer camp
ends with popsicles right and twinkling
we did it we're done
I love summer camp week but it is also
really exhausting so I'm feeling tired
I got Laura down for a nap it's already
like 2:30 though caleb is I can hear him
in his room playing he's supposed to be
napping but at least we made it to quiet
time and it went really really well like
I don't know all the activities the kids
seem to really enjoy and I just love
teaching the kids like this really got
me all excited for home school this fall
so Kayla was having a hard time going
down for his nap I went in and I helped
pick up his room and then he looked at
me said mom I didn't get enough snuggles
today and like he just has me wrapped
around its finger like you say that to a
mom and of course she's gonna pick him
up and sew him anyway I picked him up
and I held him on the chair and he just
snuggled and snuggled him until we both
fell asleep so I just moved him to his
bed but it's been a really long time
since Caleb fell asleep
arms and I know those days are going to
become extremely rare I just love that
boy so there's my tender mom moment okay
so Isaac what you want tell him I have a
mustache you have a mustache
so do you think you need to shave no I'm
not all of them yeah so do you feel more
like a man now
no I'm really seven man I have voted
Isaac and I say you just a little weird
actually
what are you telling me IRA mustache -
just pray though hair I can get normal
for a girl Oh looks like it's time to
wax with girl mustache you're not
supposed to notice those airs and you're
not supposed to tell everybody on the
blog about them either ah mystic I don't
have a real mustache if some girls just
have little hairs right there huh so
they do I think I won so I think I do
have a little bit of hair right there I
don't really want to wax it though that
sounds annoying
oh we're feeling self-conscious about
our hair or do you feel excited about it
I feel weird about it yeah and then and
then and it never
all right handy J house and hunter one
to wait lurking in one two three bleuer
reading to you Missy Lisa yeah he's
doing a great job
can I do yourself
