huh did you get one oh you did get one
copy you got it I got excited
did it glow in your hand oh that was
nice of you
I love your big brother and sister
you're actually out on a field trip with
our friends we are headed to a deaf
Cultural Center oh and did I mention we
wear our summer camp shirts every single
day during summer camp so I just go home
turn them inside out and wash them and
they're holding up so far but I didn't
want you guys think we're just like
wearing the same shirts every day
without like washing them so don't worry
we're washing our clothes
and in little size we go
can you guess what she stayed by her
okay big billy goat gruff miss Laura are
you doing the activity - you know can
you show me how to sign paint very nice
is good work
what's that
remember watermelon good job Isaac the
world
Oh Oh bacon on the hamburger that was my
so here's a hearing dog
we got to tour this awesome apartment
and see what it would be like to live as
a deaf person
so the doorbell sets off this lamp and
it flashes whenever the doorbell rings
this sensor right here it vibrates if
the fire alarm goes off and so it
actually vibrates the bed and the fire
alarm flashes a strobe light so really
interesting
Oh
that was just some amazing experience
that's not something we could do every
day and it was cool for the kids to be
able to interact with people that were
deaf and leading them and they got to
try to see what that would be like and I
also loved seeing like the technology
and how that has changed the world for
people that are deaf and it was just a
really I just loved it I love getting
out and doing these kinds of things
they're not things we do every day all
right it's lunch time at chick-fil-a
well chick-fil-a has been awesome but
it's also been a bit of a zoo it's been
crazy I couldn't film anything and this
is why we travel everywhere in numbers
as mommies because caleb has to go the
bathroom so my friend is watching my
other kids buy my car and we are running
this means this week
if you have to go potty stop go ride
away flush and wash and be on your way
so the way that our summer camp works is
that we pick a theme this year's theme
is the five senses and then each mom
gets to host a day with different
activities that teach a different part
of the theme so my day to host is
tomorrow and I'm going to be teaching
all about psyched and of course I'm
running behind and planning this very
last-minute I mean it's tomorrow I have
two and a half hours to teach ten kids
all about sites and so far all I have is
a library book and Pinterest so that's
what I'm doing and I also just as I'm
saying this right now realize that I
should never ever vlog in this room look
how messy my room is this is
embarrassing you've knit but cuteness
come on in are you just getting dressed
cute for fun yeah yeah I like your hair
and you chose a cute shirt and you
choose those boots yeah girl you got
style
well I just got home from work and I'm
still playing catch up there you know it
is right after vacation but Isaac what
did you make your bed there's a mountain
with a crystal and a cave this is
awesome home you can bake stuff out here
mmm it opens up yeah yeah none of that
buddy that is so cool together backward
all right we are going to fold that
mountain of laundry wish us luck before
dinner
you
so I'm here at the library with all four
kids not an easy task although it's
something Kendra does every week Kendra
checks out a lot of books from the
library and they're heavy
okay Isaac you got that one let's go
over here
so I guess over the summer there's a
reading program where if you read a
certain amount of books then you get a
prize well I'm really proud of the kids
Isaac read over a thousand minutes this
summer and he kept track of it he had on
the side of our fridge a little chart
where he would go and write down how
many minutes he read each day and so I'm
glad that they got a prize and we're
getting ready for this upcoming school
year so I'm here gassing up at the gas
station and some really hot chick pulls
up to gas up oh it's my wife I thought I
should guess that my car too
so we were doing different errands at
different time and then I called him and
he said he was at the gas station I was
like awesome do the gas station food
jeremy is literally racing daylight
trying to get this lawn mowed
we usually split it and I'm 1/2 but he's
way faster than me so since its knotted
literally setting we decided to just let
him go
but I really want the lawn freshly mowed
because we're having summer camp here
tomorrow and I plan on how many kids
doing some stuff outside so we can't
have like knee-high grass you waving it
daddy hi what are you guys doing did you
get it did you get it oh oh that was
close you gotta wait to see them light
up again you gotta be calm ha ha i Ted
cane it three get one yet no huh did you
get one did it glow in your hand and I
let go oh that was nice of you this is
like quintessential summer nights
I love it you got one
here it is there's a lightning bug glow
lightning bug glow good job captain I
think I think how did it feel I'm kind -
so it's gorgeous out right now like the
weather just feels really nice the kids
are having fun playing and usually we
put our kids to bed between like 7:30
and 8:00 but hey it's the summertime so
I'm just kind of letting them play for a
little bit longer tonight and in the
mail today came an IKEA catalog here it
is so there's an Ikea right here in
Kansas City but I've actually never been
to it and I'm needing to like do a
better job organizing our house and
decorating and so I'm having a really
fun time flipping through it I want to
go this fall and maybe get a few things
look at that bed frame I like that bit
and Laura's gonna have that oh you think
you and Laura could have that what you
learned how to skateboard while I've
done
you know I'm reserving my accept until I
see the bag
