I'm reserving my excited until I see the
Bell these are not toys okay let's pick
them up you know let's pick them up
Laurie shall we can't thank you for
cleaning up well I picked up everything
that was salvageable on the rest of
that's just going to have to be trashed
but the kids Caleb and Laura partners in
crime they got into stuff this morning
so I have baby proofed the cupboard
where I keep those so we won't lose a
bunch more of that but anyway it's hard
to be mad at them they're so stinking
cute by the way
our luggage is too lost and I miss my
makeup I also miss my straightener
I miss my face wash I miss everything
I'm gonna have to go to the store and
like stock up on all of the basics again
I've got nothing we're at summer camp
this morning and we are learning about
sounds this is exciting
if you add doggie
I love how Caleb Rights of Man gets all
the right letters you scrambled up claa
okay let me just do one egg at a time
who matches it Sam
oh that was Laura get your egg you match
add line lunch with friends and it
didn't sighs you have a barbecue ranch
and ketchup and you mix them all
together yeah what do you guys think of
it
good it's really good here's my favorite
thing about summer camp the host mom so
whoever's done like the morning
activities for the kids
does lunch for all the kids which is
just so nice because then I go home to
like a clean kitchen and my kids get to
eat lunch with friends and they're happy
but then what we decided to do is um one
of the other moms brings a mom lunch and
so the kids finish their lunch and they
run off a play and we get to visit in
relative peace and quiet and eat like
mom food like knock peanut butter and
jelly sandwiches or micro Nicci's so I
was in charge of mom lunch today and I
wanted to show you guys what I brought I
brought croissant sandwiches this has
like deli turkey and it has cucumbers
and green peppers and avocados are in
there and some grapes and these are
garlic parmesan chips
it's amazing how having like a legit mom
lunch like really is something we all
look forward to and I totally lifts my
mood like it's just it's a really fun
part of summer camp that I look forward
to that weird and you're gonna smell the
vanilla while you're chewing the Apple
all right so hold it closer and while
you're chewing smell the vanilla okay
great
all right so what is your Apple tastes
like yeah tastes like Apple yeah like
you add vanilla on top
did it have a little vanilla flavor to
it when you're eating it yeah yeah we
are doing a science experiment to see
how many papilla did I say that right
papillae are on each of the kids tons so
I'll show you what we're doing but we're
essentially counting the bumps on the
tongue and the taste buds are actually
on top of the papilla so let's see I rub
and rub it around on your tongue one get
your whole tongue blue all over oh yeah
there we go awesome you can hold this
with your hand there you go all right
stick out your tongue again hey hey calm
you words actually will a clearance to
see buddy eight you have eight papillae
stick it out the guy 11 have it all over
your tongue all over it hey hey it
tastes good
so I have the coolest friends ever
for our last activity today it's totally
a surprise so we're getting the kids
already this is going to be messy fun
like I can't believe she's wanting to
host this activity right so here's some
pudding cup thing and really turning
this pudding so it might be a pudding
dream that everyone can have and you
know what happened
little wife on this right here okay his
face I think maybe need a little bit of
help wow that was fun
so mom just told me the sweetest story
about little Elise today you want me to
tell them
so I guess Elise came out and swept the
floor and cleaned off the table okay my
crafting and she did it because she felt
like that's what God wanted her to do to
help Mom today that's so sweet
because she felt fresh great was mom
frustrated today at one point mm-hmm
yeah totally sweet of her she came in
and said mom I felt like this would help
you feel my love for you and I just
thought oh so sweet did she recognize
that serving me and those ways would be
super meaningful to me and I'm just
really grateful
this little girls my friend and I gave
her to get yeah she also made me two
cards I'm so proud of you I love you so
our awesome friends are letting us swim
at their pool with them which is super
fun it is ridiculously hot outside today
I want to say 99 a hundred degrees so we
are happy to be in water and it is
bright out
reserving my excitement till I see the
bag so we got a call that someone's
bringing us a bag guys my hopefully you
haven't really needed make that bird
closer no mouthwash - sorry I got a
little bit overexcited about that but I
am so relieved I did not but oh the
extra stress of going out and buying all
new clothes and the time was - I'm
concerned about I'm just so grateful
anyway literally so it's been two days
yeah it's only been 48 hours but when I
called them yesterday I spent like an
hour on hold and talking to all these
different people and they were telling
me they kind of thought it was unlikely
that the bag might not even show up and
so I was feeling pretty discouraged in
yeah today was a little bit overwhelming
for some other different stuff going on
and anyway literally it was like less
than 30 minutes ago I knelt down and I
just poured my heart out to God and I
said you know what I know this is a
little thing like I know people deal
with much bigger problems than lost bags
but please if possible if you can help
somebody find our bag and so I'm like
really really grateful 6mb anyway great
we'll show you the bag when it gets here
so Laura was sick while we were gone she
had ear infections we were so lucky one
of our neighbors is a doctor and he came
and checked out her ears and got us a
prescription so right when we drove in
from the earth but we were able to pick
it up but she's been having fun getting
her medicine
that's our getting kids to take medicine
secret every like little tip we just
yeah it's here oh you want more is it
our bag let's go check it and see what's
inside
all my clothes my makeup all of our
stuff we got from VidCon Oh
they eat enormous amounts of food and
sometimes they eat people we could never
afford to feed a tiger
what is he fine snake a snake it's
called it's Python well Kendra and I
spent the evening buying our tickets for
CVX live which is next week and then in
three weeks we bought our plane tickets
for vlogger fair so it's going to be a
pretty intense next three weeks we're
really excited we're so glad that we
have our luggage Kendra especially ah
I'm so excited about my luggage so it's
so exciting to be doing all this
traveling stuff but I'm kind of starting
to like miss our daily routine yeah so
I'm excited we've got like just like a
week of normalcy and when we go to see
vx5 we're taking the kids with us and so
a lot of stuff will still be normal the
battery died so now we have to talk
really quick before the battery dies
again J house out I like them again
thank you talking I wonder how long I
can get look Lloyd about a knife what
did you just lick me it's after midnight
guys I get totally loopy after midnight
well on that note J house out yeah
