good morning we are at the airport I'm
so sad that VidCon is over Sam and Neil
left early this morning and it was sad
to say goodbye but luckily we'll be
seeing him soon just like one month from
now at vloggerfair
we took a shuttle ride over here and it
was really fun there were a bunch of
other video creators there from VidCon
so we were just like talking YouTube the
whole time now Jeremy's checking in the
bags and I am daydreaming about what
restaurants are upstairs because I'm
hungry we were in like such a hurry this
morning we didn't get to eat anything so
I'm hoping breakfast is up those
escalators most importantly I'm excited
to see our kids that's just like a few
hours away yeah here is my GPS it's
Isaac because he can tell me exactly
where I need to turn and where I need to
go and how far I'm granny Jo has to come
up here because Laura is a climber
oh yeah
all right so check out this cute guys at
the airport
Kranti this all worked out isn't he cute
got his tricks in hat and his VidCon
shirt he's like ready to go so I'm
waiting over a year for Jeremy to be
done checking our bags he's having a
really frustrating system with the
airline anyway it's not working out so
I'm staying over here and he's getting
that worked out anyway somebody walked
by me that looked like Jeremy and so I
started following him like I was like
okay you're done and I'm like talking to
him and like walking right beside this
person I was like all right so can we
board now and I look up and it was
Jeremy at all I think I just been
walking by this guy and that like had
like a grey shirt on and it was really
funny maybe had to be there so we
stopped to get some food and I am so
excited I got this Greek yogurt parfait
it's got granola and strawberries and
blueberries and then I got a blueberry
muffin sounds all healthy I got like a
bacon and cheese dropper and fries
but this is what's the awesome part at
the airport this was $7.00 don't you
love paying too much for Airport food
it's
I love it yay so Kendra are sitting here
talking about VidCon and some of our
highlights it was crazy how much has
happened in the last two days yeah we
met so many friends and were able to
have so much fun we were saying for us
really probably one of the most special
things and one of our greatest memories
was just that we got to room with Sam
and Nia to get to know them better we
just love and respect them so much so
that was like the icing on the cake of
the entire experience so we love you Sam
banana we assume that all of our viewers
know who they are and are following them
but if not you need to go over to their
Channel and watch some of their blogs
and the material does fall in love just
like you have they were getting ready
for the flight it's delayed so hopefully
we'll get home before the kids go to bed
because we want to see their little
faces and mulch that alone
so no bags are coming out
and it does one of our bags in here
the last our luggage bag luggage bag
luggage bag jeremy already went up to
the ticket counter so i'm coming to get
him
hopefully we can get it pretty soon it
has all my makeup and things in it so
the next few days look pretty exciting
if we don't get our luggage back so
creepy we walk out of the bus and there
are three raccoons that jump out of this
trash can
they're right here that raccoons just
like staring at us
okay these are just raccoons down here
this is officially Gunder weirdest day
ever
so we got the sweetest compliment when
we were at the airport the lady sitting
behind us said that we look like
newlyweds we were all cuddling and
talking through the whole flood and I
thought that was kind of a sweet little
or maybe she thought we looked like
newlyweds because we look like we're
club but she we had four kids because we
told her that it was so nice to be on
this trip guys and available actually
just like be together and not be quite
as distracted and this is our first time
away from the kids and we didn't miss
them but it was also really nice to be
together
you guys are so romantic they are vet Dr
oh my goodness did you find your daddy
do you want to try it again
can you say hat did you steal my hat are
you gonna push it out my feet I missed
you buddy
I missed you Lisa did you make us notes
yes because I love you oh you're so
sweet did you make me a note so I sit
down I'm cuddling Isaac and he says mom
so we got to see six minutes of what you
did every day but you're my parents
I want to hear more about what you did
every day I thought that was so sweet
should we give him some inside scoops to
what we thought about VidCon you're all
about it
cubby what was your favorite part of the
big guys runs in those balls Oh
like big like hamsters you like you
really fast and CETA ones have a big
event I miss you do could ever big kiss
can I get out
