talking to the kids Oh fun I love you
buddy I miss you I can't wait to see you
we're gonna see you tomorrow
hey we love you my sweetheart yeah let's
see you tomorrow
well it was really good to get to talk
to the kids it was so nice to hear their
voices but we started singing a song to
Laura you know our little song miss
Laura you and anyway I started getting
choked up a little bit like I was like I
miss them I realize I need to see them
tomorrow and I know they've had a lot of
fun I've been really grateful I was
worried that I was gonna be super
stressed the whole time I was here and
not we're able to relax just that I'd be
worried about the kids I've actually
been able to really I just relaxed about
it like I think I just feel really safe
like I know they're happy and they're
having fun and it helps it granny Joe's
been sending us all these little videos
oh so the fun they're having
Sarris you cut your ear down yes that
means we can really cook dinner right
and I I'm borrowing your daddy
all right now we're having back up to
YouTube there's nothing like when you're
vlogging and you're like choke on your
whatever that was now we're heading back
up to VidCon I can't believe it's the
end I was like so sad already but you
have a good day
first stop today is the Shaytards Q&A
and this guy right here is totally a
fanboy
by decision
be saying egg cool about it
because we're good money to go into this
picture booth where you jump and there's
a 360 cam that goes around 1 2 3 jump
alright let's go see what it looks like
okay
all right so it is Saturday afternoon
and we were going to head back to go to
some more panels and see everyone and we
were just tired
and so we're having some alone time it
is so nice he played nerds with me and I
beat him so maybe I'll be all warmed up
to beat Nia tonight we think we need to
set an alarm like this is an app that
could go on forever I could wake up
little evening night 7:00 whoops where's
Wilson check out a motel whoo so anyway
we will be able to get tuned so we're
walking along by Disneyland and you can
like see the rollercoasters and here's
some of the screaming it's really
exciting so Kendra hasn't been to
Disneyland since she was three years old
it's true my parents took me like
there's pictures but I don't have any
memories at Disneyland I'm really
excited to take her on are kids at some
point in the future unfortunately we're
not going tomorrow but we will
definitely attend her yeah I've been a
bunch of times so how about you guys
have you guys been to Disneyland in the
world and if you've been to Disneyland
what's your favorite ride or thing to
see or do there all right so we're at
the family blogger Meetup
we have ever heidi organizers yeah and
look at all the families here right
bloggers vlogging a vlogger blogging a
blogger behind the scenes on a visual
effect right now this is an almost
everybody blog at the same time ready go
chicks live from just did this special
effect yeah you got to go check it out
because I really went back rifice my
body I had like this goofy face like it
was an active male like I was like this
is getting awkward we're vlogging a
periscope right now Ezra's are very
excited about we're trying to do a big
picture again yeah yeah
so we're also here with Nikki and John
they have a prank channel pranksters
involve pranksters in love you have
several other channels Nikki and John
vlogs and what you decide on Kendra oh
yeah wanted to wait until your mouth was
all the way for
this is the chicken Bellagio we split it
and we did the salad again so yo I am
really excited we are actually going to
the backbone we're going to the prom so
we've got all these years VidCon has a
problem we heard that it's mostly
attended by like 13 and 14 year olds but
we really want to go and dance that it's
gonna be fun to dance and we're bringing
your old girlfriends to dance with ya
look more dressed up but can you see the
back yes this is Michelle sure right
that's right just because I borrow this
chair doesn't mean that thanks for the
shirt Michelle it is super cute so yeah
we're headed to go dancin
oh yeah
Oh
so we went in to the prom and we made a
circle and we danced and we had Sam went
crazy right you did to April and Dave
you were going for it was so fun the
Riverdance Little River I had some that
was light that was not MC Hammer
I was trying he member will need the
pants I needed a pair it didn't look so
what did you think a prom and it's
rocking dude ever best prom pool party
he has been excited about swimming all
day moody at one point like you gotta go
swimming hey he's got the GoPro
okay well it's been a really fun day in
our last day at VidCon we're flying back
tomorrow
I'm sad I can't believe it's over
alright Jaya
gonna
dirty
Oh
