Oh
everybody
if
we just landed that or texting ones
dignity item certainly they right here -
so we found of
going go okay you guys we made to the
condo and we are so excited that we'll
be sleeping in here Sam and Nia beat us
by one vote in the VidCon bedroom battle
so you're right obviously pianist we
today I Kendra will be in this all four
of us totally our exact same room thank
you
one bed partner but we really appreciate
all of you participated so many people
went on and voted and that was awesome
but let's go at least look at the master
but there we go come on let's go look at
Sam and Ezra's can't go inside money
don't we were one vote away that's okay
who was what it was cuffs okay here's
the master bedroom it has a TV over here
it's so big it is it is big so Sam was
saying that he feels like today's the
first day of school
you know he got his new clothes on and
he was coming out to meet all the new
friends good his hat like matches with
his shorts and a shirt seriously
oh it looks good I'm excited we were
just talking about the first day of
school thing how it's not like we're all
in our little boys and it's like a
senior the precious
these palm trees this is gorgeous I've
been gone
we are yeah they're gonna come stay with
us for a couple weeks
we're staying with them for a month
before they work
what do you think how are they going to
do with Kayla it's going to be crazy
I know it sure he's on his way with
opening the door and trying to go
everywhere
we're going to go hang out with them
alright so we were just at another
Meetup and literally I was like Jeremy
let's go take a nap in the hallway oh
we're so tired but we have had so much
fun you keep running into people it's
like people we know on the internet but
they're like alive in real life they're
like real people so I'm not making this
up Jeremy actually fell asleep in the
hallway at VidCon
so we're trying to FaceTime right now
with our kids I just woke up from a
little Nappanee nap I'm did you huh all
I miss you too sweet pea here's my Caleb
oh there's I love how are you we miss
you big girl when they call me when I'm
at work we kissed the phone a lot love
me last night
bye all right well that was so good to
see our little kids I miss them already
and wish I could like snuggle them up
well we know you guys watch our vlog so
kiddos we love you and we'll see you
soon it's just a couple days so we'll be
home maybe we found some family bloggers
are excited Tim and Tim
hello Robin yeah I live there for a
couple years
yeah did you just hang out with these
people happy birthday to you happy
birthday buddy
so we're having vanilla bean cheesecake
and those two are having mango
what kind did you guys get the nation
Joe say the nature and like classes
alright Sony and I rushed out of dinner
to come to the hot tub because it just
sounded so nice after our long day so
that's it for tonight Jay house out was
that a dance that you did walk
