and now for the halftime show was that a
dance that you did
all right so it's to something in the
morning and we were woken up by the
annoying chirp of the fire alarm battery
so Jeremy just brought the ladder up
seriously like as we were getting in bed
tonight Jeremy was like I hope I just
get to sleep through the night like I
hope I'm not woken up so this is Isaac's
favorite game he plays it as much as I
will let him and I'm kind of torn
sometimes I'm like you shouldn't play
with balls inside the house but it's a
soft ball and he loves it you just speak
to the win and going and going
good catch you see what you're doing it
just finished playing oh nice oh did you
what color did you choose pink all right
so we have had a full day I've been able
to get a lot of done like cleaning and
laundry and packing and organizing
because granny Jo has been on kid duty
all day long it's been wonderful how are
you oh good so grainy Jo just made
dinner and I have to say you know I know
mother-in-law's don't always have the
best reputation like I know sometimes
people have friction and issues but I am
so blessed I absolutely love my
mother-in-law she is so joyful to be
around and she's just like she doesn't
judge our family at all she just comes
to love us and I just I love you mom
I'm just so grateful I'm really really
blessed to have such a wonderful
mother-in-law who I feel so comfortable
being myself with and who I know my kids
will are going to be safe and happy with
her so I'm just taking a lot of peace in
that as I'm trying not to freak out
about leaving my kids for the next few
days so while we're gone at VidCon caleb
has his first birthday party that he's
going to and we need to pick up the
present before we go caleb has been so
excited he's sleeping with the
invitation it's been really fun but we
got to make sure to get something good
so she just asked me if I'm 18 years old
or not
Wow Walmart Walmart asked so no matter
where I go I get asked how old I am
and you know I'm 32 years old our four
kids and people still ask me if I'm 18
years old I think that's gonna happen
for the next 10 years it's a good thing
yeah people always say that like when
you're older you're gonna love it and
it's like when does that point come
milk she is talking so well Laura do you
want milk you want milk she's like FL
mom's boom guys don't need milk my
brother and his family came over to do
dinner and some of their kids are still
here and I guess they did you guys make
a play or something they always make a
show oh is this the third one they've
been making plays Allison's been
organizing the kids and coming up in
costume oh good yes apparently they're
doing beauty in the booth
so what did you do to try to get in
character to really act like the Beast
I acted floppy sloppy so how did it feel
to be Belle I really like princesses
that's why and cubby how was it to be in
the half time dance show oh good head no
it was at a dance that you did walk so
how did you feel they did I I think they
did really well than all that you hoped
that it would be well yeah pretty much
because I was expecting not a big fancy
perfect performance because age it was
good for what I got good what do you
like about being a backup
I like cuz I just can do whatever I want
I have one of my favorite earrings only
one I can't find the other one I don't
know where it is at all I lost a couple
days ago and I was just hoping it would
turn up but now I'm like tearing my
house apart because I want to pack them
and take them with me and I can't find
it anywhere
so the problem is that when you have a
toddler in your house things can like
literally wander off they could be
anywhere so I took the trash apart like
I went through like piece by piece and
it's not there so don't you hate it when
you lose something that you love I
really mean II hate that all right well
we are getting ready to put the kids
down and this is a saying goodbye
because we're going to be leaving at
4:00 something how are they going in
tomorrow before they get like 420 420
okay guys I'm gonna miss you buddy
everybody love you Mikey have fun and
help granny joke a you're the oldest
black man ivy
we're gonna miss you too Anders you want
me to send you a letter I'll send you a
text message with some and I'm gonna
text you a preview to a text message
when I first time least was feeling kind
of sad about us leaving so it's sad to
say goodbye but we said prayers with
them and let them know that we will be
back safe and that God loves them and it
was just good to snuggle with them
before we leave now we have to pack
good night dear Sam I just got the best
news ever like I just want to cry and
dance and sing
