good morning guys I just got the best
news ever like I just want to cry and
dance and sing and I'm just so happy I
look at my phone and I just gotten a new
text from Jeremy's mom granny Jo and
she's like hey I'm on my flight to get
156 and I'm like wait wait what and
German I thought that granny Jo was
flying in tomorrow we had no idea that
she was coming in today and let me tell
you I am so happy that she's coming are
you so happy - who's happy so we just
showed up at my friend's house and we
are going in for summer camp prep day
this is a do-it-yourself summer camp so
is these two other mom friends and I and
we've been doing it this is our third
year in a row and we do a whole week and
so it's the week after VidCon and it's
just it's just loads of fun it was
excited for summer camp next week now
that you've got the beat let me see you
stomp your feet now that you're in the
groove let me see your body move all
right
okay you're going to introduce the topic
for summer camp we think it might be
about
me
we're doing puffy paint on the shirts
this year which is a new thing for us
usually we've done tie-dye so the girls
are sketching out their designs and
ideas what colors are you gonna use I'm
gonna choose and it's gonna be sweet for
the viewers I'm gonna surprise you guys
oh it will be a surprise Nora do you
want to puppy pink too
Wow it's like a party like a party on
your shirt all right
hey let's turn to bunk bed
so Caleb decided to make Santa Claus
down here you finish up your design some
reason when we do things like this like
the puppy paint and the tie-dye it's so
hard for me as a mom to let go of
control like I know it's their shirts
and I know it doesn't matter but code
for me maybe I'm alone in that all right
Caleb what's that yeah it's me yeah why
Oh
I finished my shirt I have to show it to
you guys I'd have to really try to let
go and just enjoy the beauty of it I
know I'm gonna be so happy to have these
hand prints in the years ahead and that
this little smudge that's driving me
crazy right now will not be a big deal
in the grand scheme of life so my
amazing friends fed the kids all lunch
and now the kids are playing and I
realize I haven't even introduced you
guys to my friends this is Michelle and
this is Micah and he'll be seeing lots
of them at summer camp so stay tuned all
right we're all loaded up we are headed
to get granny Jo okay we're looking for
oh here's here's there so we pulled up
and we didn't see Jodi and Natalie right
away and so Kayla goes oh man they're
not here I think buddy will find them
nothing is better than reunions at the
airport this is great best day ever so
grainy Joe and Natalie and I actually
haven't had lunch yet so we're stopping
at Subway on our way home which I know
we ate at Subway last night so maybe
that's a little bit embarrassing but I
really loved it and I get the same thing
every time when you guys go to
restaurants to get the same thing every
time or do you switch it up I just got
home from work and my mom is here it's
so fun to see my mom I don't know if you
guys remember but Caleb was so sad when
we left the reunion just a couple weeks
ago Caleb what's the matter
are you sad that we're driving away from
granny Joe
you know buddy we're actually going to
see granny Joe in a couple weeks
do you think we're never gonna see her
again they are going to see your buddy
I'm so glad you love your grandma okay
so on other news I just really watch
Sammy Nia's funny laughs off we have a
competition going you got to go to
hashtag VidCon bedroom battle and you
got to vote for Sam and Nia or us so
that we can find out who's going to be
sleeping in the master bedroom or in
sleeping on the twin beds vote for us
though because we want to sleep on the
king bed so make sure to go to Twitter
vote and I'm gonna get ready to go mow
the lawn while the kids are riding bikes
and hanging out with granny Jill and my
sister Natalie what grade are you in
Natalie I'm a sophomore in high school
now sophomore in high school so Natalie
is actually my half-sister my mom
married Keith who's my stepdad and they
had Natalie when I was I was like a
freshman or sophomore in high school so
I was about your age when we were born
that's crazy I think back on I think
that's about right so so we're so
grateful she came to help out as well
with the kids because normally it's
helpful to have more than one person
with these four little crazy monkeys
what's bad what's this what's this
play ball brain catch
beautiful out here we're at that time of
year where the fireflies come out I grew
up in the West and so we didn't have
them around and there's also the cicada
bugs
that's that loud noise I just love
lightning bugs okay it's a little bit
darker now and I see if you can see the
lightning bugs I love our yard I don't
feel like I've gotten to enjoy it as
much this summer as I have in past
summers I need to get out here and play
more and just sit in the hammock and
enjoy being out here we are getting
ready to leave for VidCon we got one
more day to prepare have a wonderful
night Jay house out
