good morning guys I was just getting
ready to run some errands this morning
so I'm like actually doing my hair and
makeup yeah and I wanted to show you
guys some stuff I've gotten some new
makeup recently and it usually really
stresses me out to buy a new makeup
because I go and I don't know anything
about makeup like I'm not a makeup
person so I go in the aisles have so
many options on them and they're all
different shades and I'm like I don't
want to spend 8 bucks on this and then
have it be the wrong shade and end up
not liking it the one that I was most
excited about is the eyeshadow that I
got I think they should label it I
shadow for dummies let me show you right
so in the actual case there's four
different colors and they say where
they're supposed to go and they're
numbered and look on the back it has a
diagram and it actually shows you where
to put it which means that someone like
me actually has a chance of getting it
right I also have been trying something
new recently I've been using eyebrow
pencil and I've never done that before
in my life but I did it like once or
twice last week and anyway my sister
called me she watches our vlogs she said
Kendra have you been using eyebrow
pencil like you notice like anyway I
feel really self-conscious like I kind
of feel like I look like a gorilla like
I'm not used to having the darker
eyebrows but I'm kind of getting used to
it and she said it looks better because
it like fills in the gaps so I just
finished the bronzer and I don't know if
you can really tell and hi Laura what
are you doing so I don't know if you
noticed but that's our trashcan in our
toilet really classy I know but she is
getting into it all the time not in
their toilet what did I just say
that's our trashcan in our bathtub and
that's because Laura was getting into it
all the time so we put it in the bathtub
just as a place to keep it away from her
the things you do when you have toddlers
hey boy should we do your hair no you
don't want to do your hair you look like
a ragamuffin yeah hmm what's that can
you say bad bad good y'all good girl
let's do your hair
all right so we are headed to VidCon
we were really excited and we're excited
to be rooming with salmon Nia
we are staying together in a condo that
has a living room kitchenette and then
two bedrooms but the bedrooms are not
equal one of them is a master bedroom
with like a king bed and a bathroom
attached the other bedroom has two twin
beds and no bathroom attached so when we
booked the condo were like how are we
going to decide who gets which room and
we decided that we would let the viewers
decide so we are having a VidCon bedroom
battle here's how it's going to work we
are going to do a funny laugh off right
here right now and you guys get to watch
this video then head over to Sam and
Mia's and watch their video and then go
to Twitter and vote for who you think
won the funny laugh off with hashtag
VidCon bedroom battle you guys we gotta
win this okay you should make us a
little nervous you should be completely
nervous all right Isaac you're up first
ready the fat face all right Elise okay
go I didn't pan out how can you laugh
she keeps doing whatever laughs we've
just done
hey hey daddy-o you're gonna have to
bring it last time okay organize this is
the big big finale whoo that's it it's
like when you go up to like a baseball
game in somebody bunts they're like ah a
bit late love it okay with your butt
laughs again I can't replicate that that
was like to get my brothers in I play
this game where you're trying not to
laugh and so you're not allowed to show
your teeth and so it the game ends up
looking a lot like
the tickle laughs is the best law I am
headed in to run some errands at Walmart
this morning I have a darling friend
that is keeping my kids for me for about
an hour so I'm excited like Walmart kid
free that's like a vacation right so
we're getting ready to head to VidCon
later this week and so I decided to
check out the travel size things so that
it would make packing easier and I
always just think everything in here is
so cute
so it's quiet time right now and I
finally got the kids down for like naps
and Isaac and Elise are just reading
books and anyway I just wanted to share
something that I was thinking about this
morning while I was out alone and had
some quiet time to myself my life lately
has been really feeling out of balance
like I feel like things just aren't in
sync and I feel like our daily routines
like just not jiving and as I was
thinking about that an image came to my
mind and the image was the solar system
and I feel like what's been happening in
my life lately is that I've taken the
earth or my will my desires my schedule
and put it at the middle of the solar
system and because the Earth's at the
center of the solar system everything
all the planets all around it are all
like bumping into each other nothing's
going smoothly and I felt very clearly
this morning that what I need to do in
my life is more fully put the Sun as in
Jesus Christ in his gospel back at the
center of my life back is my top
priority and that God's will and taking
the time to learn and know God's will
needs to be firmly founded as the very
center of my life and as I do that more
and more fully the planets or the rest
of my life will flow more smoothly in or
it's around that anyway I know that's
something that I really need to work on
right now is prioritizing that above all
else and anyway that slow system image
just really has stuck with me today so
thanks for listening he's always so cute
when he's waking up from his nap
Caleb hey you guys see so I think I see
someone waking anyone I go do something
fun oh we have some fun plans for today
buddy
alright well quiet time is ending over
here everybody's waking up lowers awake
where are you going Jeremy got off work
a little bit early today and so we are
headed to have a fun family night we're
going to go get some dinner and have a
picnic and then we're going to go to a
splash pad and there's a surprise treat
for our kids at the end I love their
food you love their food mmm
how is it bud hi you like it
and you want to bite she knows how to
take a bite bite hey my kaboodle Poor
Dad happy sandwich is gone
I better protect mine with my life
tell me what sounds good to you we're
gonna get a large just Publica okay you
guys ready
I think of it oh yeah
good night Dan yourself don't we get to
write every dry that's wrong
chickie it's raw Jean oh no JL
