good morning we made out of the house
this morning yay it's actually not super
hot which I thought it was going to be
more hot than it is but the shade is
nice it was like a light breeze so we're
playing at a park with some friends and
then I think we're gonna head to the
library
miss Laura are you hitting that you want
okay guys the coolest thing just
happened I'm at the park and someone
came up to me and they recognize me from
my vlog and she's vlogging to you so
yeah someone understands like everything
so what's the name tell us about you
yeah here's your daily vlogs yay what's
your channel Dan and Katie Paris very
fun yay this is such a fun moment for me
so fun at the park in Kansas City so if
any of you guys ever see us out and
about please come up and say hi that was
Seoul mine it definitely made my day do
you like it buddy
caleb wanted to catcher that's just
adorable
okay
after the park we decided to come to the
library we're cooling off in here the
a/c feels awesome and we're going to
check out a bunch of books you find
anything interesting
ooh visit to a space station that looks
awesome
please keeper twice did you find fancy
and who do you love those four favorite
books of Nancy Nancy what are you doing
I've talked before about how I check out
way too many books at the library check
out our sash today and guess what hey
lawyers guess what I have a cooking book
it's right here and I want to cook
something for dear
I swear carrying these books is like my
workout every week they're so heavy
that's I don't put like a number limit
on how much we can check out it's like a
physical limit like oh I can't carry
that much so we're done it says it is 98
degrees anyway I have said it before and
I will say it again
I love the drive home from the library
and the afternoon at home with the
library because the kids are always so
excited about all their new book so I
have had a stressful few days and we
just came home from all of our morning
adventures and I walk up the stairs to a
completely clean vacuumed house so like
there's our library books now but like
the front room was like all picked up
and look how clean the kitchen is and
look the counters are all clean except
for the peanut butter sandwich stuff I'm
about to make anyway it was Jeremy so
I've been wanting to post to Instagram
or like do a periscope or different
things but guess what our internet is
out today which is so frustrating in
this modern world like having Internet
out is kind of a big deal and we don't
have a limitless data plan so I've been
staying off of everything but I've been
able to enjoy reading books with kids
so that's a good thing
caleb is there a name to the song you're
playing yeah what's the name Molly I
love you oh it's called Bobby I love you
thank you that was a beautiful song I do
I love you too goose
thumbs up for Caleb's original music and
guys I just say we vote now caleb is
never growing up Caleb can you stay
three forever yeah what what are you
gonna do after you turn three and I did
enjoy the egg that you are oh you're
gonna get old like me whoa oh so a lease
just came up to me and asked me if she
could text pictures to my big sister who
is her aunt Tiffany and it's so fun
watching her because she's very
carefully picking out which pictures to
send good daddy P so you're doing some
creepy one Stewart Elise asked me if my
sister liked music and then showed me
them using ones and are you trying to
creep her out yeah so Caleb who are you
gonna text next um oh you're gonna text
my sister Mariana you Michael what all
right family I apologize for all of the
pictures but
it's quite entertaining over here okay
is it hard to wait your turn oh yeah oh
yeah so hard to wait your turn but how
did it do what you like what'd you tell
her oh you ready for her to be done yeah
then what you do is you say excuse me at
least it can be my turn now wait excuse
me wheeze can you be done now at least
what do you say okay and look what I
just get to creep her out take her head
you silly gooses every day
daddy daddy she comes running up daddy's
here to dance at Mina's kidding
alright so I also found this on the
counter the least did you make me
something yeah thank you so much they
look so yummy I love these things
and did you make the little note I
really appreciate it thank you can kiss
she just you know hey kisses kisses mmm
the whole idea
for you thank you we are having
leftovers you guys think they seemed
very very excited about it I didn't have
to cook and we have dinner that's for
her well and it's a meal that was
amazing it's this red and white pasta so
how about for you do you guys like
leftovers for me there are certain meals
that I think I actually like more the
second day like Chinese food for some
reason to me the next day microwaves is
amazing even pizza I really like the
next day and this Italian meal is going
to be really good so I'm excited about
it so let us know in the comments below
your thoughts about leftovers how about
you Kendra you look you're a big fan
that happens sometimes that's not good
but one maybe two times I really and
there's certain meals that get like
soggy and mark everything board Laura
Emma shy like okay let's come here you
stand right here and pointed at us if
you run with it or drop it or hurt the
camera okay so be careful try to hold it
very still get a hold of it two hands
you got it oh you know it up at me okay
good job are you a blogger okay Jay I
wouldn't write like this can you hold it
they hold it what do you want to tell
the camera I write Gillian oh you like
doing birthday okay we thought we would
do some exercising before bed you doing
situps Cub
here's cubby situps here's Laura situps
Laura can you do jumping jacks look look
you guys look the best chicken breasts
look at Laura's jumping jacks she's hip
I love us she has one hey guys this is
Julia from Taiwan Jay house I'm making
this exactly this is Jay house and since
most of our subscribers have come in the
last three or four months we wanted to
show some of the gems some of the
highlights from our first month or so so
enjoy
