poor girl she's a fourth child the
neglected fourth child ah
a spider in up the waterspout now gain
brain it walk but you're out and then
you sign and drive all right leave it
define it wash felt spider v walk now
down getting rain it left by now
busan it right holy fire v water felt no
time now very good you guys notice how
much older caleb looks now compared to
this vlog the vlog we're showing you is
from ten months ago it's our very first
vlog on september 18th 2014 and we
enjoys a family to occasionally go back
and watch some of the old vlogs and
since most of our subscribers have come
in the last three or four months we
wanted to show some of the gems some of
the highlights from our first month or
so so enjoy and if you want to watch the
vlog that we're actually showing at the
time you can just click on the iCard
it'll link to that video that you're
watching I'm gonna give them a time in
diamond island king cake if you find a
bit walked out now get out exotic
rangoli it's not good water at teigeki
fire but I'm all out
now game in it let's fight you out okay
I know right boy little tunic yes
look you died who knows how many more
times he would have kept going had he
not died he kind of sunk itsy bitsy
spider all day long but he died he's
dead now yeah she's dead oh you're back
that's one damn day yeah look at it
he said Oh dead again he's dead again
he's dead
how was your evening I hate shopping
shopping is the bane of my existence and
I have decided I'm never going to show
up again we're gonna start a garden and
hunt a lot it's such a waste of time you
drive to the store you get out of the
car you get in the store people look at
stuff you look at stuff you didn't know
you needed and then you pick it all up
and then you go to the cash register and
then you decide just kidding I didn't
really need all that then you put it
back this is what most people shopping
experience is like right okay good keep
going
the process that I enjoy I don't enjoy
going I don't enjoy looking at a job
Android deciding on it and don't enjoy
paying for it and I don't enjoy taking
it home and having to then organize it
or do something with that I just hate
shopping I do not want to purchase
anything else for the rest of my life
all right I'm glad you had a good day
the favorite part of my day
coach you really lost control a
completely artificial there's no control
and
one two three
tell me
do you know why we're bringing food to
some people because they don't have
enough money to buy some food at stores
them and and and it's a lot of money
mm-hmm so do we get to help them by
bringing them some food do you guys like
taking people food who need it mm-hmm
why do you like it because I like
helping people why do you like helping
people because no me people happy does
it make you happy thank you you like it
okay who wants to carry the food in you
guys ready okay let's go we're all gonna
do it let's all go in and take the food
okay
did you guys like visiting her yeah she
was help with nice to me did you give
her some food wha do you know what she
said thank you because they've had a
really hard month they've been in the
hostel and they've been sick a lot so
Kendra loves dancing while being in our
car so I just want you to catch some of
this dance with mom it's car dancing
Kendra always dances while driving in
the car we get a lot of looks
they're traveling through town your
videos are awesome J house
oh I'm Katherine and I'm Lucy we're from
central Illinois they house out baseball
this table gubby hello
