so we're at Michelle's house this
morning and Laura is just loving and
following around their little kitty
Bella hi Bella
Oh what do you think they hi Kimmy lord
you want to pet her oh look at the
kiddies so grandma she'll have two cats
and one dog and we don't have any pets
yet and so it's so nice when you come
over that the kids can have that
experience with the animals they call
them their cousin pets or their pet
cousins or something like that so I love
that they get to build those
relationships even though we don't have
any pets yet
Jeremy cuddles a lot Oh give me like
snuggles hi can I play fetch with ivy
right so if you remember yesterday I
talked about my goal of periscoping
every single day to try to get more
comfortable in front of the camera and I
am so nervous I'm trying to like give
myself up to start it right now and I
like have like a pit in my stomach and
I'm just like I'm giving it a try here
goes hey guys I think we're alive
hopefully this is working I am excited
to be trying this again for the second
time and yeah I know how to flip the
camera now um I've got you lease right
here with me and she is actually
vlogging me yeah so she is vlogging the
fact that Here I am trying to do a
periscope so anyway did you guys know
that today is Cal Appreciation Day is
that something that you guys do we have
done that for the last couple of years
and we really enjoyed it
so Cal Appreciation Day is something
that chick-fil-a celebrates and if you
dressed up as cows and go to chick-fil-a
then you get free food and I guess we're
suckers for free food because we dress
up as cows I'm gonna be a cow
are you gonna wear your crown with your
cow outfit nice so looks like we're
taking a couple cows and a cow princess
to chick-fil-a in a car what does a cow
say oh we've been working on all day
what does a cow say whoo
you
while there's a lot of people dressed up
you get this
Oh
so it's fun though several families here
that we know and so it's exciting to run
into them all dressed up kind of like
Halloween like use the cow edition so we
love to play not just because of free
food today but I just love the good food
that they get my kids check this out
whoa hubby you're down in it okay
remember one of them doesn't have bacon
that one's fun no bacon that one's me
why would you not get bacon on it turns
out I don't like bacon what
very Caro
they'll have you excited about the cow
he's scared
hey that is the master concerning to you
scary
it's just a costume hey buddy the cow
ciri scared of the dog and the dog
Kubby
hello
you okay buddy does it kind of make you
nervous okay
the cow isn't here anymore you can come
back up the cows over there far away
Oh
we're just like sitting here watching
oh yeah see now now Caleb's getting all
confident he's out them under the table
literally it's true
it's a cow princess hey are you a cowboy
a cow kid there's a pretty long line now
so we timed it to miss the rush that
worked out and perhaps the best thing
about eating at chick-fil-a for dinner
is that I don't have to go clean up the
rice that she spilled all over the
ground or clean any of the dishes like
the kitchen is clean already I love that
your sister is asleep he says why to bed
early and she didn't even cry he asked
if I want to learn to juggle whoo I say
would you guys like to learn any time
goodnight - now hi my name is Mackenzie
Sherman I'd bomb Hudson Falls New York
okay house out chase I would like you to
come on YouTube channel jams out where
she
