well it is hot out in Kansas City today
and so we came to the pool with a bunch
of friends this morning it is awesome
it's my first time with the kids without
Jeremy and so I'm being like just super
cautious and trying really hard to watch
everybody at every second anyway just
counting heads and they're having so
much fun they're doing really well I
think any least are really becoming very
good swimmer
get that bad yeah yeah all righty
here's my question do you guys want to
go out to lunch now yeah at a restaurant
yeah so we are headed to Planet sub in
our area at least on Mondays they do buy
one adult meal and you get three free
kid meals three of them and so I pretty
much have to go right
this is such a treat for us okay well
they changed it now it's by an adult
meal and you get two kids males free
which really is hard I mean I didn't
mind so we got one extra meal is a
little bit more expensive but still
definitely worth it to come so are you
dancing crazy can you guys remember when
Jeremy's favorite cup broke well
sad story but mine will one of mine just
broke here it is the good news for me
though is that it broke into sink and it
was a pretty clean break so there's only
a few pieces to clean up which is really
nice and when we bought these cups we
actually got him when we got married and
I love them so much I bought two sets
because I just knew they were gonna
break someday so we've lost some over
the years so I think we initially had 12
I think we might be down to six or eight
but in 10 years that's not too bad
here's what the cups look like you've
probably seen them around our house but
I love the funny curve and I love that
they're different colors so anyway
another one bites the dust but there's
still more look at this little face she
just woke up from her nap I love little
just woke up from that faces I think
they're so cute
anyway we did quiet time and now I let
the kids watch a show they're watching a
leapfrog show about words that rhyme
they're all like zoned out over there I
think it's amazing how much being out in
the Sun like totally drains you and
wears you out so we've had a very calm
afternoon I'm trying to make dinner
here's the funny story so I knew freezer
meals and when I come home from my
freezer meals I have like all the
ingredients and a recipe packet that
tells me what to do with the ingredients
well I can't find the recipe packet
anywhere I have two Tomatoes a pack of
tortillas some feta cheese a package of
hummus and the blend of chicken like
this is chicken that's in like a
rosemary onion marinade so I just heard
a text come in hopefully that's when my
friends telling me how to cook this
recipe it's supposed to be Mediterranean
chicken wraps well these things turned
out really good check this out
look at this mmm YUM ER and blueberries
do you want some ah okay we're doing a
family talent show
Isaac is doing a magic trick let's step
what it very first try
Elise and her drugs sister yep she wants
to be just like you dance all right I
got the kiddos coming to run some
errands with me trying to find a
fertilizer that also kills bugs at the
same time instead of doing it two
different times and I found one before
but it's been surprisingly difficult to
find we found it
they weren't near as excited as I am
you guys ready to head home yeah hot out
here like humid hot I think they said it
was 99 degrees today and with the
humidity that's hot humid it's like when
it feels kind of moist out here you know
how your skin is like wet that's
humidity it's the moisture in the air
get a little hat for miss Laura
here we go we got hats
look at the clouds well I got the
fertilizer stuff down and the kids are
getting ready to go to bed Kendra just
got home with the most important thing
from the store so I just got home from
the grocery store and I got loads of
healthy stuff but this somehow snuck
into my bag as well and I'm like
unloading and I just I couldn't wait I
had to open them on the car ride home
and then I ate like corn already anyway
you guys ever do that break open stuff
on the way home from the grocery store I
just I just love these I am not scared
garyun all right on your old roller
coaster you just wait what night period
didn't sleep very well huh what's she
thinking about her dreams all right so I
wanted to chat with you guys for a
minute but before I do that I wanted to
tell you I got sunburned this morning
when we were out of the pool I put
sunscreen on all the kids and then I
tried to spray my own back and like rub
at him and apparently I did a terrible
job because I am red the point that I
wanted to talk to you guys about today
is that I'm an introvert like I truly
truly am an introvert and while I love
doing these vlogs it's been really hard
for me to get out of my shell and learn
to talk to a camera and try to open up
about things and I just I don't know
it's just awkward to me I tend to get
all shaky and stammer II and so what I
decided to do about that is I am going
to start doing a live daily periscopes
if you're not familiar with periscope
it's an app on your smart phone and it
is a live streaming app and so you can
set it to notifications and follow us
and then whenever I go on for a live
stream it'll just buzz kind of like a
text message and it'll be like woo
Kendra's on my
right now this is what she's talking
about and then you can jump in and you
can ask questions and you can tap on the
picture to give it little hearts and let
me know that you're there I want to feel
more comfortable in front of the camera
and so this came to my mind is something
that I could do that would help me
overcome that and work on that hmm
clearly I need more practice in this so
this is something that I'm doing right
now to work on a new skill so I guess
this is my question to you is what skill
are you working on cultivating in your
life right now I'd love to hear that in
the comments below I hope you guys are
having a really good day and I'm gonna
go do something for this so Jay house up
I'm card from California Jerry House out
peace the tornado sirens were just going
off Jeremy's at work and he called me
and he's like to hear that and I hadn't
heard it
