all right well we are definitely back
home in Kansas City um the tornado
sirens were just going off Jeremy's at
work and he called me and he's like to
hear that and I hadn't heard it okay so
the tornado siren just went off we're
grabbing the kids Elise Elise Elise
Jimmy definitely
Isak any lease were super cooperative
and obedient they were right next to me
and I told them run down to the spot and
they knew just where to come to oh cool
quickly
you came quickly good job how are you
guys feeling yeah I kind of like I like
but not tomatoes for earthquakes yeah
I'm excited
kind of scared why not kids we've been
ill watchin it
give us spotting the most tornadoes on
earth it's Tornado Alley and we live in
tornado alley we do live in tornado
alley Caleb how are you feeling sad why
do you feel sad because turning turning
rings and you don't like the tornado
sirens so we set a prayer altogether
just thinking of our community and you
know praying for the safety of our
family and friends and for all those
around us and now we are going to
distract ourselves by watching some
Netflix thank you telephones alright
well it looks like there have been two
tornadoes that have touched down really
not too far from us at all so there's
lots of text groups of different friends
everybody's making sure everybody's in
their basements and it looks like the
warning has been extended so we get to
hang out here a little bit longer the
phone and the TV watching is not working
anymore so we are resorting to singing
or singing Laura's song you know this
song
Oh ready miss Laura you are some stinkin
cute high dorian mrs. alright you're so
beautiful
Wow woah it's weird how it can sound so
calm and yet you know that in the area
something more severe is going on so I'm
really grateful that hey Caleb did you
hit her yeah give her kisses
you're a kid hey hey don't hit her Benny
I could eat what are you gonna make for
me to eat yes good sugar sugar pants
nice I would love some sugar pancakes
did you predict is you what are you
doing for storms looks like we have
tornados dorms and fluffer storms what
you guys want my phone I wanna know your
mind you can eat okay now I know what's
happening let's see what's happening so
I thought hard at the tornado siren to
know when exactly to get out so
apparently the alert has been lifted but
I always like to sit here for another
like 15 minutes it just be like no
matter what it said it would stop at
5:45 yeah what time 5:30 6:00
all right let's wait till 6 o'clock Oh
mom can I go out and check I'll stay
ken-chan found brave oh hello what nope
okay oh wow on the leading edge were
seeing some bit of rotation or some
little couplet that has started to spin
down but now we still have to worry
about the gusty winds we're just uh
gonna cause some damage and Nikki I am
seeing that little rotation of the whole
system back towards the north over the
park all right well it looks like the
tornado thunderstorm system has moved
down we're able to get out of our
basement and you get back to trying to
create order to this housing pizza use
my
how's your day I was been hearing that
I'm getting really poor yeah I had to go
down to the basement when I was trying
to get work done so I took some work
down with me but I still had to get some
stuff finished before I came while we
were in the basement it was scared
because I was watching the news and they
were showing at that point right near
our house was what looked like a tornado
cloud was coming down a couple different
ones and so it was scary to be away from
my family and see that on the news and
so I'm glad you guys are safe and okay
thanks for calling us I really didn't
hear the sirens yeah you're welcome she
was refusing on the little pieces of
pizza she's like completely offended
like mom how could you like cut up my
food for me
yeah she wants to be a big fan so anyway
we just barely asked Laura she wanted to
try some of the mango and she said no no
Lord do you want to try some Mingo but
then she came running over to try it I
know it's a really sweet mango it's very
very yummy
then she's done oh you want some of mine
Ango you think that my mango is
different than Daddy's mango just a
bigger mom I want my own at least what
did you think of the mango really good I
wanna help me for my kids I recommend
them for my kids did you hear that she
recommends them for her kids
it's awesome if my
I feel like mangos there now all right
this is a little game that uncle Brent
was playing with cubby while we were out
the reunion cake cubby transform
yourself into a tree transform yourself
into a snake transform yourself into a
house transform yourself into a
blueberry
transfer it up into a toothbrush
goodnight JSOW hey Laura
Elise Isaac and Caleb you guys are so
cute J house ow
I'm so glad you love your grandma isn't
it hard to say goodbye to family
