the role of law is there to protect the
weak to protect those who don't have a
voice America is not just about letting
those who are biggest or strongest or
have the most people do what they want
reisel by a vote of two to one one of
the things we do every time we get
together as we play a horse but we do it
with a ping-pong ball so it's a random
shot challenge somebody throws the
ping-pong ball and tries eat a certain
spot and then everybody else has to
follow and hit the same spot have to be
standing this direction so it's a
backward shot off this wall off that
wall and then catch it okay let's see it
you have to spit it out of your mouth
hit the ceiling and catch it easy
so we're taking family pictures that's
always a good time
we're taking like two sets of each
picture and then there's like you know
the siblings and then the grandkids and
there's always like somebody that has to
pee and somebody that's screaming and
then Caleb disappear I think we got it
here's our last picture we're going to
try a massive group selfie that's 35
people in one picture it's gonna be fun
all right has turned that Caleb was
being mean to Luke did he hit out
did Caleb hit me what we tried to then I
came up to try to discipline him I was
being really frustrated and then I just
started busting up lasting once I saw
Caleb's face Caleb we did family
pictures now we're back to ping pong
horse
left and catch it with a cup the trick
yeah that's wine
you
so Isaac called into the bucket and he
shut down in May damaged
got it
he put himself to bed he climbed in
there you got the blanket he said I
waited in there
looks like you've sufficiently tired
yeah
this is a good little system we have and
maybe both laws I don't drip any on the
car Cologne that's the key the feeder
tea people
okay so dad's putting on the beans all
the way Emily's doing the cheese Cindy's
doing the onions ready Joe holding hey
Troy did you wash your hands after you
took a poo so they're going through our
family pictures looking at the funny
face one so we're having cookies for
dessert and Caleb already had a cookie
and he runs up and I'm like hey buddy no
more cookies so he quickly grabs a
cookie and takes a bite out of words
where is it there it is there's cookie
with the bite out of it and I take it
away and I'm like no don't eat those
cookies he runs to the next tray and
takes about a nice cookie he's just like
running around biting people's cookies
I
see
30p I see
right of the people to alter or abolish
it and to institute new government
laying its foundation on such principles
and organizing its powers in such form
Isaac gets to tell everybody in the room
why you should vote for him as president
I know a time that so in honor of the
4th of July my brother-in-law hunter set
up a mock government we elected a
president we had a house and a Senate
that were lobbyists involved the Supreme
Court justices were nominated and he
created this problem where there wasn't
enough dessert for everybody and so the
house in the Senate ended up passing a
law that the kids weren't going to get
dessert only those who were 15 years and
older Isaac as president ended up
vetoing it and then we had a super
majority and we overrode him it was just
a lot of fun we were learning a ton the
kids were loving it and ultimately it
ended up in a Supreme Court battle I was
representing the kids saying that the
law was unconstitutional and Brent was
representing this state and you know I
wasn't able to show all of what happened
in this vlog I am going to put on
Facebook a longer version so you can go
check that out if you want to but here's
the Supreme Court battle time in clearly
it is not fair and there's a right
dessert on the 4th of July for all
Americans
fifteen and finally look at that thing
she beats up obstacles as members of
this Court your job is to uphold the
Constitution there is nothing more
important this country than making sure
it is governed by the voice of the
people the rule of law is there to
protect the weak to protect those who
don't have a voice America is not just
about letting those who are biggest or
strongest or have the most people do
what they want and what would happen to
the point and the week and the reason we
have law and judges is to protect all
those and look at that face
any other observations mr. president
world is run by those who show up show
up at the ballot box
you show up if you're in your community
stay involved do things that help your
community get better locally nationally
doesn't matter get involved stay
involved results by a vote of two to one
the law is unconstitutional
I did I did that you Isaac it awesome
but it's still great so we're starting
to clean up everything and they're
outside dancing with the kids so we can
get stuff done in here happiness right
there
goodnight dear Sam Oh
