we are in charge of breakfast this
morning breakfast 4:35 I was a little
bit intimidated and I think I got way
too much stuff I probably have breakfast
for like 70 here so you should come over
and join us but we made monkey bread
fruit salad and scrambled eggs and
Jeremy is our scrambled eggs chef at the
moment how's it going
cooking scrambled eggs how many dozen
are you doing did you do you got five
dozen I think yeah I'm doing in three
different batches because people wake up
at different times so and you want your
eggs hot like you don't want cold
rubbery scrambled eggs so anyway the lid
is right behind you I also just wanted
to show you guys real quick for the view
of the Manning amazing
granny Joe and some of the boys are
playing Foursquare coolest grandma ever
she like gets in there and plays with
some when we went and played Ultimate
Frisbee last night she's like in play I
love it
hey Caleb whose boots are you wearing
padlet each stop but keep the cowboy
boots you throwing rocks yes we are
throwing rock thank you so much for
hanging out with them is really fun and
I've learned a new song that's from
Daniel Tiger and I love you know I
always had you guys watching gay well
just register
yeah we love it well I guess Caleb but
an umbrella can be good for a while oh
we're having come with umbrellas and
rocks we're gonna go finish cleaning up
in there and thank you you're welcome
well we are hot and we are headed to the
water park this afternoon all of us who
brought coolers of food and it's going
to be awesome
so we forgot to bring the extra battery
on our camera so our camera died so I'm
taking a little bit of footage on my
iPhone but we're having a lot of fun
basketball games slides running on the
obstacle course awesome
Oh
I think you did it good job was that fun
so fun so it's so interesting being here
at a hot springs all the pools are warm
it's weird
kay cubby what you love about the pool
there was a kids pool value could stand
in mmm you were jumping in it - Wow
just like that I and I swam all by
myself you were doing such a great job
is just the visor you made so after the
pool we came home and ate dinner I took
a little nap
I was up pretty late last night and so
I'm still kind of waking up we're going
down to the fire we're going to do some
fun down there let's go yeah love you
all the time every tiny time record
stuck up any old time mash the gas tank
Oh what do you think of the fire good
I'm gonna go in there well that's kind
of against the rules it's not da ro ro
ro ro did you like that song
a rope rope grill know dear how much I
love you please don't take my sunshine
away
when Laura saw on the fire she got all
excited and she goes mom tried to blow
it out you gonna blow it out where it is
nope you guys save any trust and get the
main time gave that right to me and I
gladly stand up Shh let's do you
remember still today three note down
this man
you
trying to get this one oh yes oh my dear
I don't think we ever get together for
reunions without some serious cards what
do you guys plan right now nerds
we don't talk yeah so other card games
that we love is rook but we always have
way too many people so we've had to
morph it into a new version of rook that
allows 15 people to play anyone up for
risk tonight with all that risk game
hunters up for it
hunters like let's do it get the shaving
cream Emily Emily's out too
it's past midnight our time she's
bluffing good night dear Sam
hi I'm Sarah hi I'm Emily
we're the carpenters and we're from
Cleveland Ohio go keV Jay
