okay we just got back from a reunion in
Colorado and we had an amazing time we
have some awesome footage that we're
excited to share with you unfortunately
we got home last night at 4:00 a.m. and
I have a huge hearing tomorrow
the drive was supposed to only be like
11 or 12 hours and ended up being 17
hours unexpected things happened I don't
want to throw these vlogs together
really quick because they're important
to me and my family and I want to do a
good job on them and so I'm really sorry
I'm not gonna be able to get that up
today I will get one up tomorrow late so
Tuesday tomorrow we'll come and check it
out you're gonna have a couple days of
these vlogs from our reunion I'm really
excited to share them with you thanks
for understanding
J house on where the full house Lyman's
we have over 35 people here and I wanted
to give you a tour of the place so we
have this nice porch right here it's
gonna be chaos in there there's nothing
I can do about it
