so this is where we're saying for the
family reunion we have over 35 people
here and I wanted to give you a tour of
the place so we have this nice port
right here it's gonna be chaos in there
there's nothing I can do about it
you see my family okay so here's Jeff hi
and his friends my girlfriend girlfriend
I'd never met Emily hey sorry for the
first time to ever meet you over all
right so here's the kitchen and Caleb
he's having Mira potatoes are you doing
potatoes making potatoes I'm doing a
tour of the place to show everyone's it
is and you have a big pot which I know
you need main living area here
everyone's saying hi in behind us and we
still have a couple people coming to
they haven't made it yet so we're still
on the main floor here's a little
bathroom off the side whatever alright
this is the party room this is a big
room we're trying to figure out who
should be in which room they're in
charge all right so now that it's a
little bit calmer I wanted to give you
guys a little bit more of a tour of this
room Jeremy's siblings are being super
nice to him and letting us stay in this
room we have the most littlest kids and
so this room has the most floor space to
like a line them up and let them all
sleep in here it's also the rooms
furthest away from other stuff so we'll
be quiet for nap time and early bedtime
for Laura and Caleb so we're really
grateful we definitely plan to return
the favor when our kids are grown up and
some of them have littler kids so here
is the bedroom it's a nice king-size bed
with a nice vaulted ceiling so let me
show you the bathroom because that is
amazing all right here's the big tub
check out these vanities ooh la la
and the shower it's a huge walk-in
shower now there's only three or four
bathrooms in the whole place so the
bathroom is attached to our bedroom but
it's definitely going to be shared with
the whole family while we're here
so I also discovered a walk-in closet
bonus this could be really exciting and
crazy and exhausting and beautiful week
so we're excited all right let's go see
the upstairs
let's go upstairs so there's like a main
living room area up here where there's a
lot of beds so I think this is where
like all the boys are gonna be are all
the girls and it's fun it kind of looks
out over here and then there's a couple
bedrooms back here there might be a baby
like a sleeping here can I come in baby
oh is this where your is this where
Emily's sleeping yeah okay you guys we
got to be quiet
Emily's taking a nap that's a Lisa's
little doll all right so that's the
upstairs let's head down to the
downstairs you want to play the weed
grass mom I don't think it'll be a
problem though we're heading downstairs
all right here's the downstairs wow this
is big okay so this will be another just
like major sleeping area there's
bedrooms back here bunk beds
more bunk beds and bathroom back there
sorry I'm not following you I'm not I
just want to keep it in the vlog so I'm
just gonna keep like wherever you go to
anticipate I'm going out to the back
porch okay just let me go the night so
let's see the back porch I haven't been
out there so we have another area for
just like hanging out back here alright
and the beautiful flowers were kind of
on a hill and there's just like this
relaxing place over here so that's it
did you figure out where everyone's
sleep in we've got about thirty percent
of it figured out okay well good luck
I'm glad that's not my job how did you
guys get that job mom came up to me and
said print you're in charge of it here's
my rules yeah so it's gonna be fun we
have like meals broken down where
different couples are doing different
meals and we're doing like a devotional
every night so that's our place there's
gonna be tons of adventures going on so
stay tuned we'll be showing you more Jay
house out hi we're the Millers and we're
daily bloggers from Scotland and we just
want to say one thing gh that said
Scottish
