so there's 22 kids in my immediate
family let me show you how this breaks
down
Caleb what are you two watching together
baby baby baby son time okay today is
the day we are headed out on the road
trip to Colorado for Jeremy's family
reunion so it should be a lot of fun I
keep thinking this morning as we're
doing laundry and folding and packing
and trying to clean a house and getting
everything ready for the car trip and
getting everything ready for the
breakfast 4:35 that I'm in charge of
when we're there anyway I've been
thinking about like these posts and
pictures and videos that I see on
YouTube that are like how to pack for
vacation and they always like show their
open suitcase and it looks like so nice
and need and like half-full like I'm
like I to jam that thing way fuller
anyway and then I look at my own at
chaos and I'm like hmm how to not pack
for your vacation
wait till the very last day make sure
that all your laundry is clean and then
have your kids help you so you end up
having no idea what's in any suitcase
anywhere so here's what we are in the
middle of I'm having the kids get their
clothes approved by me and everything
that's going with us is going over here
by the fireplace
all right so Caleb chose this as his
Sunday outfit yeah it's not again my
brown tie who stole my see my shirt so
we'll have to find them all right here's
our road trip snack food haul you can
see Kendra got some of the healthy stuff
over here and then some of the goodness
to like keep us awake during the night
and we also have just some food to keep
the kids happy so we're going to be
driving there 12 hours during the night
and then when we come back during the
day do you remember all your aunts and
uncles and cousins names ah and still
working oh yeah so yesterday we were
starting to do some laundry and talking
a lot about the trip any lease came up
to me and she was like mom I'm so
nervous I don't even know everybody's
names and this is Jeremy has a big
family and some of them we haven't seen
for a year and a half maybe two years a
bunch of them haven't met Laura yet and
so it was really just cute so I came
over and sat by her and we talked
through the whole family like
romaine is connected so there's 22 kids
in my immediate family let me show you
how this breaks down because we're
getting ready to go to my reunion and I
want you to understand how this all
works so there were six kids in my
original family one girl the oldest and
then five boys so I was the third oldest
and then Brent who also lives here in
Kansas City with us and you've seen him
around he was the second oldest when I
was 12 years old my parents got divorced
my mom remarried a man who had seven
children and my dad remarried a woman
who had two kids then my dad and my
stepmom had three boys together those
are my half-brothers looks like my
purple pen is dying then both my mom and
my dad got divorced again to the people
they were married to my mom remarried a
man who had eight children and then my
mom and my stepdad had a little girl
together that's my half-sister I guess
I'll just draw a line through X steps so
then my dad remarried a woman who had
four children so this is how you can
have 22 kids on one family there were
six kids in my original family I now
have four half siblings and twelve step
siblings and I guess technically there's
for parents so there's 26 people in my
immediate family I want to do a draw my
life for you sometime to get more into
the juicy details of how this all
happened and how it impacted me there
were times that I lived alone just me
and my dad and there were times where I
lived with 18 people in one house and so
there's a lot to it at the Reunion is
going to be both of my parents and their
spouses my siblings their families and
my half siblings so it should be a lot
of fun her name is Emily
yeah just like my favorite aunt oh very
nice this is a coot if she's me oh and
here's a skirt I'm still figuring out
what to pop it and wait so you're all
packed for Emily is she gonna come on
our trip with us yeah because she's my
real babe
and I always have fake tears it's true
and here's your knives oh you got
them both all right well I'm excited
Emily gets to come with us
all right so I have an invention idea I
want to make a toilet seat that has a
shield so that you can't pee through the
gap between the toilet and the toilet
seat Caleb just came in to go potty
and he was doing everything right or so
he thought and then suddenly P was just
streaming right through that gap so they
just need to put a little shield right
there and then it wouldn't be a problem
so the kids are getting pretty excited I
think we're gonna let them pack their
own bags like put the stuff in bags and
carry it themselves instead of us
carrying one ginormous suitcase so check
this out
what you got are you excited yeah are we
gonna pack all right I think you have
your duffle mm-hmm you put it on like a
backpack turn around let's see it
nice what do you got Lee see my backpack
mom found it in the doll house awesome
turn around let's see it oh it's
adorable
Caleb what do you got you have a black
one there it is what's on the ground you
have two of them what are you gonna do
it too
nailed it turn it around let's see the
whole thing spin around
oh good you'll be ready to go do you
think you could carry my bag too buddy
he could set up on top of this end Caleb
are we driving or flying try every file
take a lot faster yeah for us to go
there more it's true all day he's been
coming up to me saying mom we need to
decide if we're gonna fly or drive I'm
like or driving and he's like but if we
fly we'll get there faster I'm like
sorry bud we're driving he comes back
later so we need to decide if we're
flying or driving like buddy we've been
through this we're driving all right so
it's just a lot hopefully we can get
this place packed up and cleaned up and
hit the road we are planning on driving
through the night tonight which means
you need to go edit I know since we're
going to be driving all night tonight we
have a special video for the fourth of
July coming up tomorrow and then we're
gonna have a video of Colorado and the
place we're gonna be it's gonna be a lot
of fun we're gonna do a vacation house
tour at least we hope do and make sure
to follow us on Twitter and Instagram
because we'll be showing more of what's
going on on the trip so make sure to go
there to see some fun stuff I'm Mary and
this is Sampson J house out hey guys -
Aaron I met you guys at Dallas um
Galleria Mall
I left her vlog straight house out
