while under the table hundert wasn't
very happy
so for Isaac's birthday breakfast he
asked for monkey bread scrambled eggs
and honeydew this isn't her grandma and
Papa I didn't never ever gotten a Lego
set yet
just so included in the card from my
parents my mom included a Jenny ology
worksheet that shows how she is related
to the President of the United States
for the presidents that you're related
to some of the famous ones Thomas
Jefferson Abraham Lincoln Theodore
Roosevelt Franklin Roosevelt I love you
I did you make this for him Ealy's hey
Lily
thanks for helping lazy tropical fruit
gum I love those own is it uh it Shawn
our dinosaur running with with them
throwing us yeah yeah ah it would yes
Isaac
a jersey that's the best hmm
I probably like this as much as are all
of my rest all the rest of my it's an
NFL football game I actually did really
want one of these yeah I know what it is
at all so here you really wanted what
we've done with it so you take it off
like that
then you open it with the very first
thing I think I never have one of these
oh I wrote the first note in here and so
I write all about things I love about
you things I'm thinking about things I
want to tell you maybe some memories and
then what happens is on the next page
you write a letter and you can write a
letter back to mom or dad and then you
put it on our pull up and we read it and
then we write you back and put on your
pillow and it goes back and forth and
back and forth
okay you guys for Isaac's birthday I've
prepared a little competition who thinks
they're going to win
that snake wasn't very happy who wants
to pick it up we're gonna go back yeah
check it out
focus focus bring it
Thank You record and you read to her
Jeremy you beat the seven-year-olds
doesn't feel like Jeremy there will come
a day when you cannot beat your son but
that day is not yet how are women
I'm glad Caleb's here we have one more
surprise for you guys
guys are going come out with it come out
with it when you hop off the swing
you should march across the log bridge
then go get a snack find a clue in de
Johnny here the clue again
Mason's good at this game open it up
and those are the treats for everyone
yes I think thanks for coming to our
birthday party eggs ready one two three
happy birthday hey guys I've been
playing this board game with Isaac if I
roll a four or five or six I win the
game we've been going for about an hour
and it all comes down to this dice roll
right here I'm on the 10-yard line I'm
down by five points and this is the last
play of the game i getcha doing play
again yeah
all right we're in overtime but he's at
the 20 yard line about to score I don't
know if I can stop him what are you
gonna do you can do a field goal okay
now you have to get a three four or five
and you win the game if not I take over
the ball so we are on our way to the
pool for Isaac's evening like family
pool party and we are talking to the
kids about how we're going to show up
and we're gonna eat first we're bringing
pizza and watermelon and whatnot anyway
and cake and anyway we hear from the
back of the car Elise and this is her
concern at least what's gonna happen if
we eat first we're gonna get a stoppie
ate a what a stomach i hates tummy aches
tummy aches are the worst class dharmic
egg we pulled up to Papa Murphy's to get
the pizza and Jeremy's just running in
to get it and Isaac is timing us with
his new stopwatch to see how long it
takes us to get from her house the pool
and so we're pulling up knee goes all
right dad
all we need you to do is charge into the
pizza store and get the pizza and then
charge back out and I just love the
image of Jeremy like charging but we had
chirps I was super fast
wait a new way to move so Papa John's
does a cool thing this isn't a
commercial they unfortunately don't
sponsor us we would love that though hi
Papa John but if the Royals win a game
and they score five points or more than
all their pizzas 50% off and that
happened yesterday so we got 50% off our
pizza
so how was your birthday good
what was your favorite part everything
everything well perfect so we had some
more families send in videos for your
birthday for J house J have SAP I'm
Travis
I'm Ashley who are you oh my god J house
no hi this is Jeff Jeremy's brother I'm
out here in Utah running a Spartan Race
with my team Isaac Oh
you didn't punch me and they also send
me work and I'm trying to distract them
and make them like playing games with
Caleb and stop hurting
