this is my pile of laundry what you doin
I like to get tough you're gonna cover
yourself in it all right
it is clean laundry by the way it's
stuff that needs to be folded hey cub
how about you fold it for me what are
you doing in there I just wanted to be a
monster your laundry you just want to be
a monster laundry and I wanted to be
hiding can't see my feet because it is a
feed hey Isaac what's tomorrow my
birthday I turn seven no way my game
right for it today
we decide to hit the park this morning
and the kids immediately ran for the
swing and I think it just told me that
he has an idea he wants to swing really
high and jump off and then he wants his
dad to put it in slow motion in the
video so that's what we're gonna do next
hey alright so he had a good time at the
playground this morning but there was an
incident of bullying actually which this
is my first time experiencing bullying
at the playground it was really
upsetting who got bullied Kayla someone
bully debug' mm-hmm they kicked him
punching her and they also said mean
words and I'm trying to distract them
and make him like playing games with
Caleb himself
hurry we love you buddy hey JJ we love
you buddy every kiss anyway I was
helping Laura on a different part of the
playground and so I didn't see it right
away and Isaac stepped in I was so proud
of him and he apparently tried to
distract them first he was like hey play
with me play tag with me and he told me
later he's like mom I knew I was bigger
than them and if I could get him to
chase after me I could get away from
them and anyway when that didn't work he
and Caleb both came over and got me and
told me about it and anyway I understand
that kids will be kids and these are
obviously really little kids and Caleb
has hit the kid at the playground before
so by no means are my own children
angels but it was really sad because as
we were coming home Caleb said I don't
know why they didn't like me and it just
kind of broke my heart
and it just made me think about how
those little moments like really have an
impact on others even when they're small
little moments at a park with strangers
and anyway there's a good reminder for
me to be kind to all those I need and to
try to prepare my kids to know how to
better deal with those situations
because these are not the only times in
their life when they're going to get
confronted physically or emotionally or
verbally with different things and
helping them know how to deal with those
confrontations but I was really proud of
Caleb that he did not fight back and I
was really proud of Isaac that he
stepped in when he saw his brother in
trouble and I was proud of both of them
that the minute they saw that they
couldn't handle it they came to get me
and so I was proud of my boys today and
I kind of hurt my mommy heart too
you
all right so we're doing some final
preparations for Isaac's birthday
Everett and Michelle came over to help
us
Michelle baked the cake and Brent
created a scavenger hunt so Kendra is
making the one you call this thing like
a party favor yeah they're really simple
I chose what you want it to be in so
what happened like when did birthday
parties become where everybody gets
something when they leave like right now
I'm just talking about this like I never
went to a party as a kid where I got a
bag of goodness when I left so excited I
think I went to parties that had 30
favors all right so I think we've got
most everything ready for tomorrow at
this point but we just wanted to show
you one of Isaac's presents before we
wrap it up for him this is going to be
Isaac's love journal Jeremy I have been
doing a love journal for a while
together and we decided we wanted to
start with Isaac so of all the gifts
that we're getting him I'm most excited
about this one I think it's going to
have the longest lasting impact and I'm
glad to have another opportunity to let
them know what
so on a regular basis and in a way that
is like recordable like he can go back
to and read it and anyway we've heard of
other families that are doing this
Jeremy's brother Brent it does it with
his kids and so we're excited to start
it up yeah well let you know how it goes
we'll see you later you'll get to see
Isaac's birthday hey I'd Regina from
England that's real of you guys and
watching your vlog since the very
beginning when you started vlogging Jay
house out we are bear bear and grizzly
from West Middlesex Pennsylvania Jay
house ow
you
