you see what do you plan let's not spoil
I bought with my own money at the garage
sale
you are vlogger is hey 1 million dollars
this is 1 million dollars yep oh dear
give me give me what Mike there you go
there's your money and you are eyes are
7 million dollars my eyes are 7 million
dollars
whoa your story's expensive I know it's
because it's all girly and your baby is
I you have to pay for your baby before
you go out the hospital
oh say steeled it whoa
and it's what see how much is a baby 100
million dollars a baby's a hundred
million dollars oh dear we'll never be
able to afford another baby is Kenya
having a baby that is comics that didn't
pay for it
no oh good
so I'm okay no you said you're not oh no
baby you have tests you're gonna do
chores all day oh no I have to do chores
all day to earn my babies yep
Jeremy yeah bad news none of our
children are paid for we have to do
chores all day to pay for them we got to
watch out make sure you pay for your
babies up front are you gonna be stuck
doing chores all day when your mom and
dad be careful let me pay for all your
kids you're gonna pay for oh my kiss for
me what are you doing over there miss
Dancy pants so they think she dancin
Oh dance and dance and dance and orphan
dance it whoa crush
so the kids have been hard at work this
morning on a fort check this out so it's
underneath Isaac's bed and then they use
some toys to build out in this area so
here is the fort I think I broke my nose
like I'm serious I really think I broke
it
what happened was it was a couple nights
ago and it was an evening right before
bedtime and Laura was on the ground
crying throwing a fit about something
and at least like bent over her to try
to comfort her and I reached down to
pick her up
and at the exact time that I reached
down to pick up Laura Elise was getting
up and so I got headed Elise's head
collided with my notes and it hurt
really bad anyway it didn't bleed or
anything like that so I was hoping it
wasn't broken but it's been two days and
it's still swollen at least I think
still tell it is swollen and I'm nervous
like I'm nervous my nose is never going
to have the same shape again like I know
that's a really vain concern but I'm
really scared that this bump is going to
stay like some weird bump on my nose
forever
and it hurts and I'm hoping the pain
goes away so I've been taking some
ibuprofen and I've iced it but anyway
sad story
like I think it broke my nose the kids
are helping cut strawberries to get
ready for a part of our dinner fruit
salad tonight and while the kids cut the
strawberries I'm going to read them
another chapter from Paddington I
believe are on chapter 5 sore about half
way done with it get in there we're
cleaning up this afternoon any lease is
thinking that she does not like cleaning
up and she has some ideas of what she
wants to do with her family when she
grows up so what do you wanna do with
your kids right I'm gonna let them do
whatever they want wait and they can't
clean up and and I can only clean up
whatever today so whenever they done
cleaning up I can just clean it up so
you're gonna let your kids do whatever
they want and then you'll do all the
cleaning up yeah yeah what do you think
of that plan well it's fun but my mom
has to do it so you think that I should
do all the cleaning up yeah why should I
do all the cleaning up I didn't make all
the mess shouldn't we work together
Elise shares us me all
the time every day her ideas about what
she wants to do with her kids like she's
told me before she's gonna let her kids
stay however late they want to all the
time and she's going to let her kids eat
whatever they want to all the time I'm
excited to come visit your house when
you're big okay okay but this is my
house right now so my house I'm going to
teach all my kids to work so let's clean
up together okay I'm just gonna let them
do whatever they want now what do you do
if they want or complain just give them
come just come come if they're crying
for something I would just give gum or
snatches there we go or anything all
right well we finally made it
Isaac has been dying to come see this
this huge Idaho Potato
just get in that's not really what we
came to see tell them why we're here
what are we here to see Pro Football
Hall of Fame
what's
you weren't even as big as one of his
legs yep his leg is bigger than you so
Isaac is absolutely loving the sports
science stuff where they go in and they
measure all cuz of different things
about athletes
so what'd you think of the holidays
as he's telling me about their adventure
excited to hear about it but I'm getting
text messages from Kendra here and the
other interesting piece of this puzzle
is that Caleb and Laura are in Caleb
Tripp do you think they have iPhone
let's go see if we can find those little
little feasts I was getting some text
messages from someone are you sending
text messages where's mom's phone hey
hey who else were you sending stuff to
hey get back here the scary part is when
he's like doing Facebook posts and
sending emails to people that aren't in
our family it's always scary so Caleb
did have some random gibberish ready to
go on a text to one of Kendra's friends
but we were able to stop it before that
happened would you like some ham with
your sandwich
you
all right who wants to play catch period
what nail their good shot a girl good
shot good work cubby good throw Lisi did
she just say ball ball ball right here
well good job you got it
roll the ball up high oh yeah good work
Laura nice actually
good grounders we are gonna play catch
take some baths can you smell the lon
go to bed J house out I'm from India J
house J house out from the very rainy
Virginia hey guys it's AJ Erica ashley
and erik justice from all before load up
we just wanted to say
do you like nap time nothing not very
much I don't really like quite why don't
you like it because you need to be quiet
and I don't like body
