so we're headed to the library this
morning for an activity and I thought
the activity started at 10:30 but it
doesn't it starts at 10 o'clock so now
we're running kind of late but actually
luckily I looked at the clock early
enough that we sell the shot to be on
time so the kids have been super
cooperative they're all buckled in so
turns out I have no self-control at the
library I just get way too many books
every single time so I decided to get a
little abstract and maybe a little
artistic with the kids lunch today so
here's their lunch cubby what do you
think of it what is it it looks like a
face to you yeah our mom really likes
art all right so we finished up lunch
and now I'm getting Caleb ready to go
down for nap time quiet time Caleb what
do you think about that
dad yeah do you like nap time nothing
not very much why do I like quite why
don't you like it because you need to be
quiet and I don't like lying
no it's not resting on your hand I have
a rubber band oh man why you like it I
have it there in case I need to do
Laura's hair should all children take
naps mm-hmm why do children need naps
cuts off a free bud do mom and dad need
naps yeah yeah I drew mommy and daddy
take naps not so much can they stay up
till the time why do we stay up because
you know yeah how was your nap is it
good
it was a good noodle you say hi
drink it down and play grab a book
that's what we're doing Wow
we check out so many books at the
library let me show you our shelf from
today
so here's today's check out pile and
that doesn't count some more that are
around the house in various places but
we all love it so and it's free how can
I say no I'm like sure the kids grab
another book I'm like whatever your
throw to the pile so anyway I know I've
said it before and I'll say it again I
love my brew day snack time today is
pretzels and the kids decide to do some
pretzel art ok fantastic let's see what
else you guys can make make me another
one
ok I'm 19 did you make a Jay house can I
take wow I'm sure you can your dad he'll
see the video is that your Jay house
yeah nice okay I think did you make a J
house
what happened to it I ate it you ate it
and so I I can you play Scrabble I'm
playing
Darren oh it's a staring contest okay
let's play again I'm soloing we can do a
con for Tommy if you be dizzy time oh
okay so you should really try to see if
you can beat him in the staring contest
I didn't think he was going to last very
long but my eyes were really starting to
burn and I barely beat him so give it a
try I'm going to start it back over
again so you can try and time it you're
going to be surprised he's going to last
longer than you expect and make sure to
let us know in the comments whether you
did I think I was a planet Machamer was
playing it lest any of you think that
Caleb's toddler antics are a thing of
the past they're not I just found him in
my bedroom he had gotten in there gotten
out my first pulled everything out of my
purse pulled my wallet out of my first
pulled all the cards out of my first
found the like paper membership cards
for they have in there which are
actually really important grabbed a pen
and scribbled all over him so that's
what I just
oh hey but I forgot to tell you guys the
good news about that is I didn't yell
yes score from home whoa what are you
doing dude say it one more time hit oh
cool
we having some corn on the copper dinner
yeah why are we having corn on the cob
because I'm so strong well I am feeling
like a lucky man with this dinner these
chimichangas are so good and I'm you did
corn on the cob I did I love corn I'm
working kids did you can shuck corn on
the cob I think that's my favorite
vegetable other Kendra is always like
it's not really a vegetable because it's
not as healthy but yeah I love it so how
about you guys what's your favorite
vegetable how about you candor a
favorite vegetable that's easy sugar
snap peas what me what was that
um pick up what you doing uh I sure
appreciate you helping clean up after
dinner tonight are you helping daddy
yeah hey thanks grey so the cleaner
Jeremy is the one that called it spray
spray and all of our things kids
actually think that cleaner is false
right this is why we can't let him go to
public school they'll go and say all
these weird things reason they're gonna
be calling dessert yum yum yes sir they
are making any yum Yum's tonight all
right so we have been talking a lot
about choosing to use nice words in our
family and there is a verse in Proverbs
that talks about how pleasant words are
like what honey
they're sweet to the soul and help Ted
of bones I want you to think about a
time when you use mean words and I want
you to put this in your mouth
this is good yeah or bad do you like it
okay this is what mean words taste like
does that taste good or what
yeah this is what mean words taste like
wha
that's what mean words taste like think
of a time this week when you are
choosing to be unkind oh how did that
feel like eating cleaner good it's been
a green garlic and garlic your mole the
blood yes my turn give me a little bit
of sriracha so this is what mean words
taste like so we want to use nice words
in our families read this verse again
you guys ready Pleasant words are as and
honeycomb sweet to the soul and help to
the boughs okay so who wants to see what
nice words you like honey yeah time out
so as you know kendra has really been
focusing on helping our family overcome
yelling and she's been doing amazing at
it our kids on the other hand have been
struggling and so kendra has given
opportunities for us to try to work on
this and after they had the yumminess
stuff on the spoon we went and did some
role-playing
which we often do in our family so he
picks her in situations where there may
be yelling like asking the kids go to
bed at night or brush their teeth or
something like that
and we did it yelling at first and then
we did it a second time without yelling
and using our words and talking to each
other then we finished the night off
with some otter pops we of course had
them up the floor after that but the
kids really loved the yumminess J house
out the master guys I'm key from the
YouTube channel lobby the key and I'm
coming to you all the way from your
plants to say J house out I am in from
Owenton I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
J house out there's a blessing to bring
my kids and as a family be part of
Patrick's baptism I remember after he
was baptized he told me that he felt
like he had been asleep in his life and
that now with this experience he felt
like he was again awake and God
