we are rata back to some
so I wanted to share with you an
experience that was really important
something that we want to remember a few
weeks back Lindsey Stirling a violinist
and youtuber came to Kansas City to do a
concert after her concert Lindsey sent
out a tweet saying that she was having a
special meeting where she was going to
be talking about her faith I responded
to her tweet saying that our family was
excited to come meet her and when people
on Twitter saw that I was going to the
meeting I got several questions about
who was invited to attend what time
people should come to the meeting and so
I responded to those questions Elise was
so excited to get to go see Lindsey
Stirling so we left pretty early so that
we could get a really good seat and I
remember as we walked into the church I
noticed a young man and I felt like I
should introduce myself and so I did he
said his name was Patrick and he
recognized me from my Twitter profile
I had responded one of his questions
about the meeting on Twitter I asked him
why you decided to come and he said that
he played the violin and her friend had
recently told him about Lindsey Stirling
and so he went to her concert and while
he was there he was touched because she
talked about how her faith helped her
overcome depression and when he saw on
Twitter that she was going to be talking
more about her faith he didn't want to
miss out at that point my brother
Brenton came and joined us and over the
next hour we talked with Patrick about
how the gospel had impacted our life for
good Patrick was interested he said that
he had been praying over the last month
that God would guide him to help him
know what he was supposed to be doing in
his life and he felt like our discussion
was an answer to his prayers it did feel
like God was in the details you know
there was well over a thousand people
who attended the meeting and it didn't
seem like just a coincidence that I sat
down by Patrick and that we had that
discussion
Patrick's excitement about the gospel
brought back a lot of really good
memories from my mission after high
school
I spent a couple years doing missionary
service in Toronto Canada I remember
sharing my beliefs with people who were
looking for something a lot like in
Patrick's situation we were then able to
listen to Lindsey Stirling's message and
she actually talked about her mission
when she served in New York and how she
found that real happiness came from
following Jesus Christ and Patrick was
really impressed by the message we were
able to go meet Lindsey Stirling and
then he decided that he wanted to meet
with the missionaries in our area to
learn more about the gospel over the
next few weeks as Patrick investigated
the gospel he had loads of questions and
I remember that he would have pages and
pages of notes from the things that we
were
and discussing from the scriptures and
ultimately he decided that he wanted to
be baptized it was a blessing to bring
my kids and as a family to be part of
Patrick's baptism I remember after he
was baptized he told me that he felt
like he had been asleep in his life and
that now with this experience he felt
like he was again awake and God some of
the most meaningful experiences have
been when I felt like God was involved
in my life even with simple things like
feeling like I should introduce myself
to someone I hope that as my kids look
back on these ones they'll know that
faith was something that was important
to me and that I viewed religion as a
toolbox to help me overcome my
weaknesses my selfishness and to try to
become more like Christ that it gives a
bigger picture of view of humanity and a
purpose of life and a hope of what will
come after we die it was really exciting
that after Patrick was baptized one of
his friends got in tickets to go see
Lindsey Stirling tonight I'm excited
that Patrick is going to get to go and
tell Lindsey about the rest of the story
in his life and how her introduction
impacted him thank you for listening to
this experience that was important to us
Jake house out do things we can make it
what's put in your bets
ready set go shoes glasses teeth don't
look like that come on select like mine
there we go
time to get my makeup on time Awareness
moment is 846 I got four minutes I'm
good
