I think what's this candy hall hot
teeners what's this candy fall hot
moley's so at least what's this candy
called remember you don't remember take
a guess
jumbo what do you think it's gonna taste
like yeah you can it tastes like
chocolate what do you think it tastes
like salmon all right we're doing the
hot tamale challenge basically it's just
so you can put the most hot tamales in
their mouth without swallowing the
longest you can take the heat
yeah sorry question every five seconds
well these are mouth you ready do you
want to eat this candy all righty here
we go ready go
go get some on the other cheek soon
there we go go all right here you got to
push through there's like a numbing
phase go again
ready go go you're doing oh oh no you're
done do any more fire no do you like him
Walla
sure you I should wait oh are you gonna
keep going no are you gonna swallow mmm
you don't really like this game you feel
like them ok if you like hot candy do
you like hot tamales
you done
yeah I like it and also can I get done
no but we decided if this is a chocolate
cake challenge we would beat the boys
yeah it's there 1 million Oh without
your hand yeah I think I could beat a
lot of kick to dance camp
hey I'm Charlotte from Woodland Hills
Utah J house out June also I am Leah
Penta and I am from Prince George or
jigna J house ow
