happy Thursday
all right so happy Father's Day over
here it is rainy and like severe storm
rainy so we've got lots of thunder and
lightning and torrential rain and it's
like super dark like it looks like it's
the evening or nighttime it's like 1
o'clock in the afternoon alright so the
kids are all snuggled is daddy keeping
you safe
so we've been talking about it's getting
windy out there we were talking about
probabilities like you have a 1 in
700,000 chance of getting struck by
lightning we're trying to explain we're
trying to use that to soothe the worries
yeah and then we looked up every 5
seconds after you see lightning so when
you hear thunder is a mile
so I guess sound travels 5 seconds every
mile so we were calculating like how
close is the lightning but none of that
is helping them feel any better like all
of our ways are failing well it is
Father's Day today and Kendra made me
one of my favorite meals check this
goodness out these are shredded beef
tacos it's true with all the fixin's
it's really really good fresh pico de
gallo that's always yeah so I think
about a week ago Kendra was like if you
could do anything you wanted for
Father's Day anything in the world what
would it be and I was like I think I
would eat nachos and watch movies all
day always and that was kind of
embarrassing as well she's like that's
gross but I think the reality is is that
getting to spend time with my kids to
play with them the dance with them to
eat with them really is a lot better
Lord can you flap your wings alright
first we're giving our cards to daddy
whoa awesome did you make that yeah very
good
happy Father's Day what's this oh that's
so cool
where are we what are we doing where
we're invisible that was clever and you
wrote it happy Father's Day so nice Lea
leaves and actually it says you can
remember when I am tall that once my
hand was just this small who he outlined
his hand is that your hand can we see
how big my hand is compared to yours
okay
someday your hands gonna be big like
mine oh hey let's see what's inside
Hey so this present is from the boys
right you guys got me something oh my
goodness are these hair nets
oh they're mittens for my hands hold
outside like hand puppets cutters
you got me puppet yeah
oh they're socks these are perfect thank
you
poor jeremy has been wearing only holy
socks and so he keeps like like he wears
two layers of socks every single day
because all of his socks have holes in
them Laura do you want to join the group
come sit over here my ass Laura do I
give daddy a present
kiss my butt look I'm sure this is
yes el it's Emily and Maggie you just
want to say that we love y'all in J
house out
hi my name's Nicholas by my own YouTube
channel Japan YouTube channel and now I
will everyone the jails long yeah hey
guys I'm Riley and I'm from Kansas J
house out you like around in
