good morning oh you're gonna make noise
as soon as I turn on the camera huh is
that what you're gonna do peanut face
and very good day how about you what do
you like to go play at a park yeah we
can do it me I mean them you made people
out of the marshmallows from your cereal
snack mm-hmm whoa let's see the
marshmallow ring I'm still working oh
that's what everybody says how about you
yeah she picks out all the marshmallows
first two and then she's all distress
she's like why did you give me this on
your stuff all right so today we are
going to try double doodling for some
fun art time I'm going to show the kids
how this works you start in the middle
and you draw it the same time the same
thing like this watch here's mine
there's these pages and this is Isaac's
okay we're gonna try it again did you
draw that
yeah I like it and I like that you have
your binky and so you're not eating the
markers what are you drawing I'm making
a koala eating a rainbow a koala eating
a rainbow let's see it very nice
Wow maybe I like it
Isaac did this is it a giraffe Isaac you
know a Dinah sorry dinosaur which hand
was harder to use yeah my left hand for
sure so here's the line I did an
elephant and
I did a person that's embarrassing a
little bit all right well that was a fun
and simple activity totally easy to do I
mean we've got all the supplies on hand
and from what I heard online and it's
supposed to help your left brain and
your right brain connect so I mean if
the internet says it it must be true
right is the light all right so it's
official laura is a climber this is
happening like 20 times a day right now
check this out Laura you make me so
nervous you get up there get down Oh
peekaboo
there's the peekaboo ugly they have like
this amazing lunch I came home to rails
what is it it's just a regular salad but
I used our leftover honey pecan chicken
from last night's dinner in the salad I
can I even took some of the pecans it
looks
yeah awesome anyway and lisas hang about
us yeah I was amazed with the Lisa's
double doodle is that you cover I kind
of want to try that so I might if you
guys do any double doodles make sure to
send the picture to everybody okay so in
more important news we just found out
through Gloria's social media the
today's national kissing day done
tonight we are supporters of important
national holidays like national kissing
day so Jeremy and I just tried to take a
few pictures of us kissing for you know
sharing in national kissing day and I
was like sure I'll kiss you whatever
awesome
anyway kissing pictures just look
awkward like we tried a few it just
didn't work yeah no I'm doing something
wrong not everyone looks terrible
kissing but I I do like I look really
weird I think it's maybe my lips are
like so big you do have beautiful lips
I don't know I think we kissed fine it's
just the picture taking part that's a
little awkward and so anyway what was I
going to say about kissing do it oh is
it thank you Mary everybody was like 13
year old nice girls watching
we're on an adventure we dropped mom off
at Zumba and then we just put into Syria
and said where's the nearest park and so
we're following the directions you guys
excited
well Siri did not bring us to a park
we're kind of like here on industrial
drive so that was the first time I've
ever tried that and the last right well
we found a park there's a little workout
area where people are age here so while
moms at the gym you guys are working out
huh coming down
so close tie now I've loved going to the
gym this last week but the way that I
really love to exercise and it doesn't
even feel like a workout is playing
sports like if everyday I can play
basketball or football or racquetball I
would love it
like it's so much fun and even though
like basketball is definitely my worst
sport except maybe curling but it's
still so much fun and I get a good
workout so let me know what is your
favorite method of exercise if you could
do anything you want it to get in shape
time in
I told the kids I was thinking about
running and they wanted to join me you
okay with this Laura do you like running
so I got to go to Zumba again tonight
cause fun and workout and on the way
home we talked about getting burgers and
fries but we decided to be good and make
healthy decisions and so we came home
and we had pitas like really yummy pitas
like turkey and cheese we even put some
hard-boiled egg in and we're trying to
make them like party because we were
hungry already hungry I want a burger
fries right now and I just finished
eating that's so ridiculous it was
really delicious I just still feel a
little hungry I guess you're hoping to
have a state home date night tonight but
so far this little nugget of joy won't
go to sleep
you tell him anyway it's Saturday for
you guys have a wonderful weekend and we
will see you tomorrow so do you gonna
jam sorry guys hi I'm Emma and I'm from
J asset I'm Cara and this is mainly
we're from Ohio J house out I'm Hannah
from Wisconsin and J house out
