good morning I decided to do a smoothie
for breakfast and I saw a video recently
where you use a straw with strawberries
I don't know if you've seen it but I
decided to try it so here we go kids
check this out so I got the strawberry
I'm going to stick the straw through and
try to poke out the green part well it's
a different kind of stuff huh check it
out
then you just have a hole right there oh
cool you did it good job I made my own
strawberry let's see it well done buddy
yeah yeah let's clean it first maybe you
want to try it
but that's the only way push it through
pull down on the strawberry real hard
yeah you got it oh you did it check it
out first time pull down oh you got it
you got it did it so there's certain
things about our kids that I want to
remember and one of those things is
Isaac's obsession and love with football
did you get all dressed up today with
your shoulder pads and everything I
think yesterday or two days ago
Isaac invented a new NFL league how many
teams are in your league 64 64 he came
up with some pretty cool names for teams
all over the country what were some of
the names of the teams Colorado Czechs
right tan San Francisco blue Jade
Mississippi Jackrabbits Arkansas pirate
and then he came up with which players
were on different teams right like which
team has the best players do you think
of your made-up who's on their team and
Manny and Kenneth Rather's unadopted ma
Charles I don't know if you know all
those people are but they're all like
superstars he knows all these people not
even because he's seen them play because
it's not like we don't even have ESPN
he's just reading about it in his like
books and like football cards and
almanacs and stuff and I realized that
he didn't even know what the Pro Bowl
was like the all-star football game and
so I showed him a little clip of that
what do you think I like it and then the
other thing I introduced him to but he
would love his fantasy football anyway I
just don't want to forget this his love
his obsession and just the way that he
is really into football right now it's
pretty cute who's your favorite football
player Towson I can't follow so I
sometimes you may wonder like do we tell
them to say stuff like we had never told
him that never like he just gave up with
that right but that would be good in the
comments favorite football player of all
time who it is for you what I smell all
right so it's lunchtime and we decided
to switch things up today and we are
doing grateful olives
I'm going over I dress up like a
football player today ooh fun I'm ready
for that we gotta do a party in this
little party tonight so the kids have
big plans they want to have a slumber
party tonight I'm not so sure about that
what do you think that's a good point
all right so we just had a super fun
lunch conversation the kids wanted to
hear about when we found out we were
pregnant with them and like what names
we had considered for each of them and
like the
significance behind the names we chose
for them so it's just really sweet to
tell them all about that and in case
you're curious Isaac if he was a girl
was going to be named summer at least if
she was a boy was going to be named Gabe
Kayla that he was a girl would have been
named Claire and Little Miss Laura if
she was a boy was going to be Joshua all
right so I was just telling Jeremy about
our name conversation that we had
earlier today
yeah and anyway I forgot to mention if I
was a boy I would have been named Carl
so that's what my parents would have
named me I need to call my mom
I don't know hey mommy
it's Jeremy really important question
for you if I would have been born as a
girl what would my name have been
let me know as soon as possible okay
that's a good question and today so you
guys what would you been named if you
were the other gender and if you don't
know right now it might be interesting
yeah so I got to go do something
interesting this morning that I wanted
to tell you guys about real quick I went
to a clothing swap so one of my genius
friends arranged this but what she said
was for all of us to like purge through
our closets so I went through my closet
and got rid of stuff that I wasn't
wearing I didn't like it didn't fit and
it filled up like an entire laundry
basket like heaping pile of a laundry
basket and then we all got together at
her house with the stuff that we were
going to get rid of and we let the kids
run around in the backyard she is an
awesome backyard and we moms went
through each other's clothes and found
stuff that we were interested in so we
just swapped the clothes that we were
going to be getting rid of but I came
home with two dresses one skirt one pair
of pants and I think like 10 tops oh and
the outfit that I'm wearing right now so
yeah
yay for new clothes yet for free clothes
yay for getting rid of some of the stuff
that I wasn't wearing like it was a win
win win in my book I really enjoyed it
it is hot out here it's really you only
want to be out if you're getting wet so
I think I'm after now if you want no no
no I'm good a round of big giant
branding and I washed it off good job
what did we give you a hose we're all in
trouble now
you
oh and now you're saying J rose from
Boston Massachusetts
hi I'm McKenna and I'm from Texas and I
love your vlogs
they're amazing y'all are awesome so J
house out my I'm leaves from Texas
Jake House out what is financial freedom
hmm have freedom tonight to like you can
go swimming without telling the
government
