what do you recommend I do to stay out
of debt don't buy anything what should I
put my money so it'll grow in like a
baggie or like a money case I'm in your
pocket if I put in my pocket it'll grow
yeah how does it grow in your pocket
what is financial freedom mmm
freedom - like - like you can go
swimming without telling that government
oh why why is financial freedom donut
day that's free donut so it doesn't cost
any money so if we just could have free
donuts all the time then we'd be good
yeah what do you feel is the most
important thing to do with your money
save it why do you want to save it my
stuff what stuff do you want to do with
your money
why is budgeting so important because
July when your body feels in that like
mad super super mad pill you're better
why is it important to budget because
it's so important when you bunch like if
you use a knife I mean ah good point do
you think I should invest my money in
the stock market no why not because then
you won't have enough money to buy
anything
why should I invest in the stock market
because so fine what is the stock market
gross stuff take a plant monkey bear and
it grows yeah in your pocket
I'm Superman how do i do my razor eyes
try try to make the laser eyes work
before they are
