and then he like roll then each egg
there you go yeah alright my friends I
am home for lunch and I am eating a
grapefruit now I was brought up where
you like cut the grapefruit in half and
you like scoop it out with the spoon
maybe put on sugar or something but I
don't know why people do that with
grapefruit like you miss out on so much
of the fruity juicy goodness if you're
scooping it out with a spoon so my
brother recently was talking about he is
like yeah I just eat it like an orange
like I just peel it and eat it in its
juicy and it's good so how do you eat
your grapefruit and if you haven't tried
just eating it like an orange try it
like they peel really well and there's
so much goodness there that normally
gets missed out on so give it a try the
kids saw this a juicy goodness and
wanted some they don't know go ahead and
enjoy some Caleb a salad it's really
sour huh you want some more
yeah mmm okay we seem pretty scared yeah
not your favorite no here Laura what do
you think do you like it mmm she's a
perfect saying excuse e thanks so much
so Jeremy came home in medispa Bunch
and this is what I looked like like I
didn't get ready this morning I went to
the gym I just worked out so I was even
like sweaty ER and anyway I was talking
about something I was like oh I don't
even know if I'm gonna get a chance to
get ready today and he looks at me he
said but you look so nice and I was like
um and he said you look just like normal
and I know he was trying to be sweet but
I was like are you saying that this is
normal like no makeup all frizzy head
like it he's like well like even when
you look nice it doesn't look that much
different than this I'm like what anyway
it was one of those times and like he
was trying to compliment me but it came
out just like all awkward sauce anyway
the kids and I just sat and read a book
together and now it's quiet time and
Laura and Caleb are sleeping and they
were very tired so that's a good thing
and aleast is painting guys gotta see
this what did you say
Ivan bad
furgus you have been begging to paint
like this right gonna come paint nope
even ourselves in space there were just
a huge hurricane spawn Saturn well that
big huge hurricane on Saturn but is cool
what are you reading
the Almanac his favorite book so puffy I
was your nip okay did you have any
dreams oh come on you must have had one
dream no did you sleep well guys you
don't even have dreams what I'm turn to
some cans it's just black really when
you sleep sometimes it's just black it's
true sometimes when I sleep I don't have
dreams I'm tired today it's kind of a
lazy mom day for me like I went to work
out and so I didn't get ready for the
day and I'm going to work out again
tonight so I'm still not getting ready
for me it's just been mochi hangout it's
kind of rainy out just kind of Antonio
Susie
ask a look so baby Isaac found a spider
here you go bud this is your first time
trying to take care of the spider go get
it now it might fall to the ground if
you don't get it on that first try you
got it where is it it down wow there is
we should just smack it just in case
alright Isaac's gonna try again did you
get it mmm-hmm
where did it go do you see does anyone
see it
the lease has been working on her
singing voice let's hear it big girl
what are singing like what do you call
this Elise what's this kind of singing a
grandma and a woman singing whoo you
seem like a grandma woman uh where'd
your clothes go I just got home from
Zumba and I had an awesome time that was
my first time doing it and I loved it
like I think I was smiling the whole
time I couldn't keep up with anything
like all the dances were new like I was
always one step behind in kicking the
wrong direction and so there was like
some nice hot shot and then there was
like some like great fire mr. Coppin
then you kick it was hilarious but it
was so fun I didn't even notice like how
hard I was working out because I was
just grinning and dancing I really think
Zumba might be my calling in life it was
awesome and they like roll egg
you guys are spa you guys are spying on
me on mom
Wow how's it going oh okay you keep
spying on us okay
did you fall get back up bad you're okay
pick the bike up you can do it buddy you
got it
pick it up you got it so we decided to
mow the lawn I don't know if we're going
to get it done before it's dark though
J house out house Oh bye hi my name is
Marcie and I live in Medford Oregon J
house AB I'm Hannah from Texas J house
ow
I am trying to develop a plan for
learning not to yell in my home
