are you reading a book this morning me
so all on our own I found her
climb into the box and sit down to start
reading this book it just started
the wash and I'm washing some of Jerry
nice towels and our sheets and all
sudden I start hearing this weird
clunking sound I'm like what's that why
is my washer making that sound so I come
and I look in the door and if you look
closely enough you can see Laura's sippy
cup she apparently put in here I didn't
see the pink cup - it is hopefully we
don't find anything else in there it's
just a sippy cup and it's just like the
plastic bottom it's not filled with
anything in it so I think it should be
fine going through the washer but Jeremy
reminded me this morning before I
started the washer he's like hey before
you start the washer be sure to check it
Laura's been stuffing stuff in there so
I hope we don't find anything else we're
going at the library to do another
program what's the program gonna be
asked about today
and laws and it's gonna be pretty fun
excited yeah
very fun did I forget our library books
yes yes Coyle Isaac help us remember
with you alligators and crocodiles boys
and girls all right during quiet time
today I'm working on quite the humbling
project I am trying to develop a plan
for learning not to yell in my home it's
something that I have worked on before
in my life and made great improvements
in but in the last year or so I have
been not focusing on it and as I've been
not focusing on it I've seen myself kind
of slip back into you know old bad
habits of yelling when I get upset I'm
in the situation now where I have kids
that are old enough to be reflecting
those behaviors back at me and so I'm
seeing them yelling and fighting and it
just it breaks my heart I know how
overwhelmed I feel at the thought of
trying to break this habit in myself
and now I need to not only break it in
myself but also teach my children how to
break those patterns of anger and how to
cope with their emotions better and deal
with them more constructively and I know
it's something we'll never be perfect at
but I know it's something that our
family really needs to work on and we
need to work on it now so Jeremy and I
have been talking about it a lot in the
evenings and we want to come up with
kind of a specific plan goals you know
it's not something that you can just say
hey I'm going to stop yelling at my kids
and find a lot of success like you need
to have a plan like what are you going
to do instead of yelling how are you
going to keep yourself from the
situations where you might usually yell
how are you going to help the kids cope
with their own feelings like we need
resources and tools we need to teach the
kids we need to teach ourselves like
we're going to need a lot a lot of
Prayer people so anyway sorry you can
see all the mess in my
around real life but anyway I plan on
posting more about our plans and what we
decide to do on my channel but right now
I just wanted to share what's on my
heart and yeah thanks for listening
where you headed big girl yeah she's oh
you're going to high V oh oh what are
you gonna buy oh she's gonna buy a
camera I'm so glad you can understand
her cuz I'm still working on it
she is so adorable would you say she's
so adorable I'm not gonna argue him on
that one
it is dreary and rainy out today and I'm
excited because we get to go to the gym
and work out so even though it's rainy
and thunderstorm II it doesn't mean that
I can't exercise yay umm and Jeremy is
coming with me and look he got a haircut
we wanted to try the dropper kids up
with a babysitter at the gym thing
it's true we're hoping they do well the
kids are really excited about it except
for Laura who has no idea what's going
on and she's the one I'm actually
concerned about but back to this note
again Jimmy got a haircut doesn't he
look nice showing up in there does I got
an extra short because we have a reunion
coming up and I want to get to look good
for then so I had to get it shorter now
sort of look good then you know you have
to plan for that guess a May so the
class we're actually trying to make it
to a class tonight we'll see if we make
it or not but and it's a cycling class
and I've never done a cycling class and
I'm kind of scared like I don't know if
I can do it that looks pretty intense so
you guys excited to go to the gym yeah
yeah what are you excited about it baby
cool we were nervous Laura would want to
do this she's like go mom and dad just
get out of here
timeout so I was a little embarrassed at
first with the cycling class because I
was the only guy in there
luckily finally another guy came in at
the very end but I think the reason
there's no guys in there is because it
kicked my butt like it's super hard and
the seeds I think we need to get like a
triple layered memory foam to put on
those cycling seats but anyway I would
have much rather been out there lifting
weights just because that's a lot easier
like a full hour of cycling and you're
switching gears like you're going harder
and harder it was an intense workout I
really did enjoy it and but after losing
only 330 calories afterwards it makes
you think twice about ever eating a
candy bar again
candy Bursar's anyway Taemin
hey did you have fun we can show you
songs
well there's a little ducklings I just
cross the street it reminds me of make
way for ducklings by Robert McCluskey do
you guys remember that but no other
gooses that's true they're geese is not
ducks so cute all right so we tell the
kids to climb up we're giving them a
little snack before bedtime and Laura
climbs up in her chair and just sits
here like hi I'm a big kid feed me and
you have a mortgage a person are you a
midget person why did I have big
birthday recently Jeremy and I have both
been noticing some bug bites and it's
making us really nervous so I have them
like all over my leg
Carol show as one yeah see bug bite bug
bite but they're like oh hey did you see
her calf muscle
yeah so bug bites I've got more bug
bites they go all up our legs like
they're up on like my hips hey she just
wanted to drink I think we've contained
Laura she's buckled in all right so what
we're trying to figure out is did we get
the bug bites are they like
chigger bites from being outside which
is really really common in Missouri
Kendra got them first and I didn't have
them but then I woke up this morning and
I had them all with my legs always a
piece of me is actually getting nervous
like what if their bedbug bites have you
ever had bedbugs
who wants go to bed
yeah well we got Laura who wants to go
to bed not me
okay sorry schedule is completely out of
whack tonight
Jeremy's putting the big kids to bed and
I am finishing dinner but I have to tell
you about it because this is one of my
favorite dinners ever the recipes on my
Facebook page and you need to try it
like you really need to try it here it
is the butternut squash kale torte I'm
still working on it and I'm doing it all
one-handed because then Letty lends me
the whole book I'll show it to you and
I'm Ben look at this stuff this is just
like healthy happiness and it's so
flavorful I remember eating this before
there's like the onions in there and the
tomatoes give it flavor when I was
checking it I accidentally got some of
the cheese with all the flavoring on it
okay we're gonna eat dinner now do we
have anything else right are we done no
this is the end of the vlog we're not
done okay nevermind means they're my
soul to them shaking yeah I'm Lauren
from st. Louis J house ow hey it's
Heather from it's a mom's world from
Kentucky and
