all right it's Saturday morning for us
and what did we decide to do for
breakfast today
smoothie smoothies you can warm more
than that silly goose all right I think
that's good all right should we blend it
up wants to try some you excited every
time I've turned this on the kids
reaction has been hilarious so I'm just
gonna do it again just for fun okay
ready
I can turn it on and off all day long
it's just too fun
okay that's enough
all right I think they want this movie
now and I'm doing it
what do you think Isaac you liked it he
got pretty through what it's not gross
do you like it Cantor this movie and you
without holding like like just like
they're not no hands oh oh you should be
in the circus hmm the super elese sucker
with no hands what no and it's alright
so I'm eating right now this cute little
free little fan and guess what it is
it's a plum cherry maybe it's called a
cherry plum anyway it's a chubby in a
produce section at our grocery store
today and they were giving out samples
of it and so I took one to bring home
and Jeremy just took a bite of it too
good really yummy but it's literally
like a fusion of like cherries and plums
it's a chummy and a chummy that's cute
anyway I'm just like sitting here in awe
we can create like science has brought
to us like creating completely different
combinations of fruit like what's next a
watermelon teri awkward a watermelon
banana okay those are both really bad
ideas but yeah alright Lisa where are
you going to my friend's birthday party
thanks Hydra gum and offer puzzle well
it's gonna be so fun what are you gonna
do there I think I'm gonna do a pinata
we were going to like go outside and in
our spy shoot but we can't sold it
because it's raining it happens mm-hmm
there's that eyeball Hey no not so we
were packed we were there's two birthday
parties today for Isaac and for a Lisa
friends of theirs we only had Christmas
wrapping paper but we used it all up at
least this roll and these rolls are so
much fun to play with
my secret is
he's our weapons 200 so Caleb was a
little bit sad that he doesn't get to go
to a birthday party he's actually this
happens all the time because he's a
little too young so I told him that it
was my pretend birthday today he wrapped
me up a present and maybe a card and
we're gonna have some cake cake ice
cream and maybe even belong candle
that's key
let's do who did you invite to the party
we were going to have a daddy's pretend
with a party but Caleb decided he wanted
it to be his Pretender so he's going to
open the presents
I saw so apparently it doesn't matter
what the gift is a kid is going to be
excited to just open a present he picked
out these presents repin himself and
opened them so lesson learned no need to
spend large amounts of money for kids
one more three years old blow it okay
it's all right so I hope you guys saw
our announcement video yesterday we
actually filmed that just now we just
finished doing our dancing and singing
routines we had a lot of fun with that
and it is in a public parking we are so
here we are in the Gold's Gym parking
lot Gold's Gym we have decided that we
got to get these bodies in shape we got
to be looking good for this summertime
so we saw the like free seven-day
memberships for Gold's Gym and we're
like and babysitting option it's like
wait you'll take all four of our kids
we're winning on this one so we're gonna
try a seven day free membership we're
coming to work out together tonight for
our date night and then we'll see maybe
we'll get a membership maybe not I'm
squinting
well even listening you I'm glowing yeah
you are your own it's my post vlogging
songs glow
that's it tonight we are going to go
home and just eat a healthy salad dinner
we might mix movies for thinking about
stopping this drug picking up a
watermelon just a heads up once you say
that's a thinkin they're all what you
guys are going yeah they're gone they're
gone you can't here we go right today
and then talk about something else I
didn't know I thought they stuck up a
problem oh yeah guys there might be a
fake Jay house out you have to watch out
for that warning fake Jay house out
ahead let's practice
Jay house out a new false alarm
is this a fake is a big hang-up this is
a big game out in that movie Jeremy I
don't think I'm actually recording right
now that's from a movie no no no that
way I don't know where we're going
okay apparently all right well we are
gonna go pick up some yummy fruit for
some dessert tonight yes we're trying to
like be healthy you guys are gonna see
you at VidCon in vlogger fair we gotta
look
hidden all prefer Sofia so anywho that's
all for tonight gels out hey we're
Indian chill from a and J o'clock and
we're coming at you from Nashville
Tennessee and you just watched J house
vlogs Jay Huntsman hi I'm Ellie and I'm
from Florida J house
Oh J house we're making a big change
we'll still be vlogging just not every
day a cuz that is great great
