in the comments below it's very
important I need you guys to tell me
which you liked better my six days a
week vlogging saw or Jeremy six days a
week vlogging dance this is this is
critical
all right you guys we're done daily
vlogging the sad story we've been doing
this nine months we haven't missed a day
uploading but we're now going to take
Sundays off we've really enjoyed being
here on YouTube and we want to be on
YouTube for a long time to come and to
be able to do that what we've discovered
and talked about with our family is that
we need that one day a week to be able
to just focus on our family I remember
when I first talked to Austin all from
the night Knowles and I talked to him
about this specifically because they
post Monday through Friday five days a
week and he said that's what works for
their family and that their viewers have
been understanding and so we hope that
you'll be understanding we're making a
big change we'll still be vlogging just
not every day and cuz that is great
great we're gonna be on YouTube we're
gonna post the videos you'll see our
smiley faces just not on Sundays hey I
hope you understand we're doing this for
fan we love them so much we just can't
leave them behind we're gonna post
Monday through Saturday don't you worry
we'll be there eyelids are just not
untaek jeremy show us your six days a
week vlogging dance okay this is
Jeremy's six-day week vlogging dance
ready go
you're gonna have to edit out a lot to
make that look cool I'm a good editor
you
important side note we are in a public
parking lot while Republic today people
are loving it
or just really looking at it overly
scared
but on Sundays you'll find us chilling
it with our fan with a fan fan fan Bam
Bam Bam Bam
yeah by Jay house out for real oj house
out no more Sundays by J house J house
out Tallahassee floor where the Mainers
from California
