so rod my face is so wrong
my face is so funny but I tried already
my face is so weird my face is so weird
I have a beat here than I I have a flash
pop flash flash my face is flashy my
poop is a wave in the winds are weird
that's it wouldn't you learn that song
in nursery at church yeah we're gonna
have to talk to those nursery teachers
what are you two doing you're in Laura's
crib for like or you room there's my
ninja mic Nora what are you doing you're
excited about that book when I came in
here earlier she was sitting on this
shelf like she was like laying in there
it was funny okay so all that screaming
was because I was brushing my teeth and
she was frustrated because I wouldn't
give her my toothbrush toddlers and
their tantrums and their reason for
their Tantrums are awesome I've seen
some hashtag going around that's like
why my child is crying and it's like the
funniest reasons like you know I cut
their parent early sandwich in the wrong
direction or like just random stuff
anyway it helps me to remember when the
kids are going crazy that they're just
toddlers and that's just what they do
and anyway I'm rambling already Wow all
right so some of you've been asking and
it's a really good question what is
going on with our other channels and the
truth is we've been working a lot behind
the scenes but we're not quite ready to
launch the channels yet and what's
really holding me back as I think about
it is my perfectionism like I really I
just want it to be wonderful like I want
to have great channel art and I want to
have like my intro and my end slate and
I want to come up with like the most
wonderfulest video to start off with and
I know that's just unrealistic
like in my head I can tell you Kendra
that's your perfectionist person
speaking and you need to just let go and
enjoy the ride and have fun and make a
video but I have a hard time letting go
for reals
and I'm excited because I have a name
for my channel I ready it's J house mom
it's simple I wasn't quite sure about it
first but it's really grown on me
especially as I've started working on
the logo for it so I've been working on
my channel art and that is just like a
big decision like what do I want that to
look like like what colors do I want it
to be I really want a tagline for my
channel and I can't decide on what I
want that to be either so what would
really help me is if you let me know in
the comments below what video you are
most looking forward to for my new
channel I'm planning on doing home
school stuff mommy stuff marriage stuff
service stuff picture book reviews and
recipes and also I'll probably just talk
from my heart sometimes just sharing
things that I've been thinking about and
you know learning through life and so I
really love to hear what you're most
interested in because that might help me
focus my attention and make that first
video and take that leave and if you
have any thoughts about the design feel
free to let me know or a great tagline
or hmm I need help okay so I just opened
up this box of macaroni and cheese to
make for the kids for lunch and guess
what it only had the noodles in it it
didn't have the little packet for like
the cheese sauce that usually comes with
it
empty box completely empty crazy so I'm
kind of disappointed because we actually
bought macaroni cheese so we can eat
macaroni and cheese but I guess we'll
just have noodles
did you guys hear the SH movies exciting
news I'm so excited we'll put a link for
it I just watched that video and I
called Jeremy I'm like gosh so anyway
while I've been upstairs cleaning the
kitchen and obviously I watched that
YouTube video and the kids have
announced theirs playing with their
cousins and apparently they built a fort
hi Luke
whoa serious port sauce hi hi they're
gone
chaos out hi and tell me about the port
I'm show them blankets and the couch
and the panel and make it so fun and I
jump in
I can you tucked it in with your hammer
this looks like a really big fortune
okay let's see whoa you guys decided to
get toys and put them in the fort this
looks like it's gonna be fun cleanup
hippies
nice hit
I know things okay just climb up and sit
on a chair and eat burger things really
start to change when the kids can climb
up on their own chair and they want to
do that I remember with Caleb we
actually didn't we take all of the
chairs out of the kitchen for a little
bit because he was constantly on top of
the table you remember that yeah we can
keep them off the table he pushed the
chairs and he would climb up on the
counters and climb into the cabinet yeah
so we had to actually move all of the
chairs into our bedroom so that he would
survive it was terrible well now now we
have Laura she's climbing up the chairs
Caleb 2.0 yeah we were talking the other
day maybe Caleb was all just preparation
for this little booger the Laura mmm so
I told Caleb to just come into his room
and read it was pretty tired
and they danced out we're from Arizona
State House hi my name is crystal this
is gizmo were for Mebane North Carolina
and we would like to say how so
