you have when you walk away it was
surprising yeah okay yeah your own art
she made art out of her eggs for you
Wow what is it a part of she'll Bobby
I'm swimming oh it's art of a shunga art
festival I tried to make it you're right
we didn't see art out of eggs at the art
festival how I love one of the things
cuz it was chair yoga cha-cha-cha be the
cherry on top is a muffins for breakfast
and since we had reservations we're
going to do grateful raspberries mom
edition Laura was sad over here she just
wanted a res ray Laura what are you
grateful for about mom yeah she had you
for bail on that she a lot because me Oh
do I win from them that she is helpful
mom she is a very yeah yeah I'm grateful
that Kendra is so honest she's a sincere
honest authentic person like she faces
her weaknesses and she wants to improve
and she's very honest about that and I
love that about her it's very inspiring
and a neat thing to be married to
someone who's like that thank you guys
you guys are so sweet I am grateful that
I have a family that loves me
and is patient with me in spite of my
mini shortly my outro should wait some
nice yeah for my birthday today we are
going on an adventure as a family and I
got to pick where we're going and I'm
really excited because I wanted to go
here the whole time we lived in Kansas
City which is five years so I chose the
Kansas City Library last year on my
birthday we also went on an adventure
like a family adventure and last year I
chose to go to the Arbor Day tree farm
which is up in Nebraska and it's like an
outdoor park play space like almost like
an outdoor children's example
it was incredible we weren't vlogging
then but we took lots of pictures so
I'll try to well as a part of the road
anyway I will try to get Jeremy to put
some of those pictures in because it was
great and I think we might have to make
this a family tradition that I get to
choose some like fun place that I've
always wanted to go and drag Jeremy and
the kids along with me for my birthdays
what do you think this one's for awesome
hopefully we do Hawaii that we button
well there's loads of construction going
on in downtown Kansas City and I
accidently took us to the wrong library
first
I took us to the library on the plaza
instead of the library downtown so
everybody's being really good sports and
being patient as the drive is a little
bit longer than we planned look at those
happy faces look at them they look so
happy
they look like they're overflowing with
happiness it looks like if they had
happiness in their noses it would be
dribbling out like green boogers they
are seriously just so happy their mood
is contagious Lee giggling it's like
enough giggles that would fill helium
balloons and rise them all the way up to
the ceiling and then they would burst
with all the happiness we have in this
car and this is the happiest side of
them all Ernest guys we found it there
it is
Jemmy to our parking right there I am
really really glad that Jeremy is
driving I am a decent driver but I am
the world's worst parallel Parker
I'm a pretty lucky down there's that
ventured of huckleberry then and his by
Mark Twain what's Mark Twain's real name
Booya
this is a bank this is where they kept
the money to keep it safe guys what is
this whoa it's a studio camera this is a
video camera you ever imagine if we had
to vlog holding one of those things
vlogging in 1915
so we're out on the roof of the library
and they have a big chess set up here
which is kind of cool
alright well that was a great family
outing I really enjoyed it there were
moments of like pure magic and then
there were moments of tantrums and
getting lost and our schedule going way
late and now everybody's way overtired
and over hungry so you know real life
but there were those boys comments that
one grateful to this one this was from
Laura let's see her picture ooh did you
draw that you sure did
who is this that's you and that's me
I like nagging you're happy and on the
next one you or math and I was happy oh
my god rainbow I see that is a beautiful
picture I love you I can't thanks for
getting that for me happy birthday I
love you I love you mom there's a
rainbow is that us playing together a
chicken and a chicken
it's nail polish wow what a beautiful
color all right
well is there still one more holy smokes
good thing I had four kids all right
good reason to have a fifth one more
present from the dollar store happy
birthday mom I love you I'm excited for
you my birthday too
you are 32 now do you like having
birthdays and do you like having it
yes I like birthdays and yes I like my
kids
yeah little checkboxes for you yeah
happy birthday Kendra is this a bass and
a goldfish over a bridge with a rainbow
and there that's beautiful I say thank
you so much I wanted to go hmmm a garden
oh it's a Monet garden at the branch I
can see that so we had a really nice
friend make this cake for Kendra was it
named your time yeah yeah they did mom
just blow out the candles
so this cake is chocolate peanut butter
this is peanut butter mousse inside and
dark chocolate ganache on top locks me
to sound a really good mousse how's that
mousse good mmm
nothing looks meat mousse is like
pudding or frosting and thank you why
because they're out okay so how did this
happen
this is all your fault okay so we
started a new system to try to encourage
the kids to keep their shoes in the bins
and if I find shoes out i kidnap them
and they have to do a chore to get them
back and if they see Jeremy Rhys shoes
out they can kidnap them and we have to
play a game with them to get them out
you've had to play several games right
this is my first time too I get caught
dang it do you got me you got me what
game should we play rock paper scissors
okay to get your shoes back
okay okay go get in the car we're going
to Uncle brand she's going to watch them
tonight while we go on our date yeah
it's gonna be fun all right so we came
down to the Cheesecake Factory on the
plaza for my birthday dinner tonight and
we got like my favorite seat it
overlooks the plaza and the fountains
and this hottie and um anyway I ordered
the same meal I get every time I come
Jeremy get something different every
time we come and I like stick with the
exact same thing I just love it and now
we got my favorite cheese cake which is
vanilla bean the first time I got the
vanilla bean Kendra made fun of me she's
like that's so boring and then she
tasted some she's ordered it every time
it's really good if you haven't tried it
you really should try it okay we're
gonna go enjoy your food
all right so we are headed home from our
date night and it was an awesome day and
an awesome birthday I just really
enjoyed spending the time with my family
whoa those dark tunnel
anyway um thanks so much for all the
birthday love on Twitter and Instagram
and YouTube and Facebook I really
appreciated that so the highest thanks
that's it for today Jay house out out
out
AJ house my name is Matty and I live in
McKinney Texas Jay house out hello I'm
Melissa from Winnipeg Manitoba Canada
and Jay Hills Oh
