all right so this morning Isaac and I
have been playing a fun game
Oh
all right well unfortunately I woke up
with my cranky pants on this morning so
we were just kind of having a rough
morning and I was like you know what we
just got to get out of this little funk
that we're in so we decided to head out
and our first stop is the thrift store
and our next stop is a mystery meaning I
don't even know where we're going next
we'll see what happens today yeah look
at all of these things okay we're
looking for the book section I've been
wanting to purchase some of the books
we've been reading aloud so I've been
periodically checking the thrift stores
to see if they have them oh we found the
toy section toy toys oh that's a fun one
I really like that oh you really like
the Dora microphone but I'm not gonna
get it because mom doesn't before we
came in I was like are we getting
anything are we gonna behave so they
just got the run-through I was so
excited I found two books that I
absolutely love that I'm excited to keep
in our permanent collection and they
were 25 cents each that like completely
floored me so I got from the mixed-up
files of mrs. basil e frankweiler and
the other one is my father's dragon
so those are two read-alouds that we'll
be doing at some point I'm just excited
to own them especially for 50 Cent's but
the best part is when I found out it was
50 Cent's I only had my credit card with
me and I was like well that's lame I
don't wanna use a card to pay for 50
Cent's and so I took all the kids out to
the van and looked for some money so I'm
like there's got to be 50 cents in here
somewhere and when I found a dollar bill
I also found my set of keys so my keys
have been lost since the end of February
when we drove home from Arizona and I
have missed them so much like they've
got all my little like Duflo cheese on
the back and also like what's happened
right now up until now is Jeremy and I
have just shared keys like if he's
taking a van he gets the keys and if I'm
taking the van I get the keys it's been
such a headache
so yeah four keys
I'm like amazed I thought for sure they
were lost forever we are having a picnic
at home yay
like surprisingly hot out today so the
indoor picnic for the wind this morning
but we have no choice we do have apple
juice
I bought juice boxes which is a huge
deal at our place so yeah I also got
great full raspberries which I'm excited
to do today did you eat your food so
initially I didn't give her very much
because I didn't know how she would
respond to the food but she ate all the
cheese right away and then she went
around to all the other kids and was
like trying to eat their cheese like
they were like mom Laura she stayed here
food were you a little food thief and
he's an alien
and she's a what alien why do you think
Laura is an alien she is crazy
aliens are crazy there we go what do you
think caleb is Laura and alien and I
think she just I think she's just a food
taker
what do you think Laura are you an alien
no oh but no or a green this is Laura's
first juice box
mmm CAPRISA and whatever you call these
things I got the one that's 100% juice
you like never do this stuff keep it
down Laura I don't want it to spill
everywhere what do you think do you like
it every scan these are apples and my
pinky Appling teeth
there you have it we're drinking apple
juice I'm grateful for that we didn't
eat inside I'm grateful for that we had
a house
I am grateful that our power was only
out for like two and a half hours last
night you do not realize how much you
use power until it's not there and it
was only two and a half hours but I'm
really grateful for electricity honest
Edison indeed and Benjamin Franklin I'm
also grateful for Alexander Graham Bell
that didn't have phones it's true so we
just lost power again
I wonder what's going on so it happened
last night like two and a half hours and
now it just happened again hopefully it
comes back on again but it's light out
so we don't notice it as much but um if
it stays like this too long we will
notice our AC not working luckily when
the power goes out books still work so
we're going to sit down and read a mr.
Travers penguins hey cubby are you gonna
fix our house huh how are you gonna fix
it um with my tools
well what's broken about our house oh um
right right right there and right up
there those lights don't work is the
power out yeah yeah how are you gonna
fix it I'm with my ladder cool over
there so no worries about the power
outage everybody Caleb's on it yeah the
power just came back on we were just
sitting here reading and all sudden we
heard all the like fans downstairs start
again and we heard the clocks beeping
back on and we heard what we saw the
lights turning back on so yay for more
power it's kind of funny that is being
glitchy like this I wonder what's going
on maybe some construction least what
are you up to
my mom my mom a present for Fitz
Kendra's birthday on Thursday which is
today when you're watching so the kids
are here getting a present for her all
right so we mostly survived the dollar
store we got some good stuff for Mom I
think she's going to be really excited
about this stuff through this whole trip
Caleb was grabbing random stuff and
putting it in the cart and then right at
the end there we were checking out and I
was getting ready to like swipe the
credit card and he had put like this
huge sucker and other stuff up on it and
some lady in line was like I don't think
you want these things Caleb come on bud
so we come into the McDonald's a play
place and their drum machine is broken
like a symbol it keeps going off ah it
doesn't really as much as I had to try
to solve it like I wanted to figure out
why it was so I figured out like which
similar it was if you put your hand on
it it stops so then I tried to like get
ketchup and stick it on here and napkins
I'm just trying to figure out if I can
get it to stop cuz I first told
McDonnells about it and their managers
just like there's nothing we can do
about it we have no idea what to do so I
haven't solved it yet but that's funny
that I'm here and like all I can think
about it scientist is all of this to
make this simple stop I don't think I'm
gonna figure it out but it's fun to try
it's never been off this long I may have
just fixed it
okay now the real test I'm gonna push it
to see if a symbol will work without it
going all the time
it just needed pressure applied for long
enough time to vlog about it
it was good fixed time out so after
McDonald's I took the kids her grocery
store just to pick up a few things I
wasn't planning on vlogging but I
carried my camera with me just in case
something incredibly adorable happens
which happened in this case so I had a
flat my camera but before I show you
that and end off the vlog today June
11th this Thursday is Kendra's birthday
this is her first birthday while we've
been vlogging so send her some love
Instagram Twitter Facebook we'd love for
you to go on and just let her know that
you love her that would be awesome
until our happy birthday all right I'll
let you finish off the load time in
Oh
damn hello everyone my name is Gemma
from Ireland and I'd like to say J house
out everyone where the Higgins house
we've been sitting here two days no we
haven't it's probably been at least 20
or 30 seconds gay house
