good job already fold in the towel for
Mama can you fold it down and fold it
hold it alright dad launder it is your
water and scratch wants to live do you
think so okay look who came to visit
today in for water he came last night
she he walked in our fort did she
yeah and then she crawled back up and I
looking he started and she's wrestling
right there yeah I did I did put her
back I love seeing you petting her well
sometimes I just watch her hey old honey
she won't make it
oh yeah we don't hold tails huh hey
Laura is petting her
hey let's give her more walk okay so
this morning when we saw scratch laying
out here on our deck Isaac was so
excited and he said mom it's like we do
have a pet like a sometimes pet and I'm
like score this is a great setup you
guys gonna go play all right have fun
playing with scratch scratch scratch
scratch maybe we better huh
Isaac do cats play fetch all right so we
have this awesome awning that we use in
the summertime and we haven't used it
yet this year and I just opened it up
and look what I saw
yeah time out
so it's morning here normally I'm
editing at night but our power went out
last night so I'm finishing it on went
on a Wednesday today I think it's
wonderful
yes so anytime we see a Hornet or a wasp
nests or a wasp I always think back to
this vlog and so I thought I'd share
with you because when I do time outs I
can time travel too it's kind of cool
like that what do you call those things
so lice a wasp okay so we got a wasp in
the house
oh no my weapon I hit it though I
totally hit it I don't think it came out
I think I injured it with one of my
Wacom and now it's glad it doesn't know
what to do
it can barely fly it's going it's going
down it's going down
sorry I would be better filming this if
I wasn't totally freaked there I don't
know where it is
yeah that's not going to work Jamie he's
right underneath you put on the stairs
how did I know that step on it Victoria
I killed a lot
all right time in alright so when we
were decluttering we came across a few
toys in a big kind of like hidden in the
back and that are the perfect stage for
Laura right now so I'm letting her
discover one this morning no you climb
on the top oh good job oh good job good
job Mike it's so fun watching little
kids discover toys like this and I love
this one like it's fun even for me it's
even firming all right so it's been
really fun today hearing all the
comments about what you guys enjoy for
lunch and it inspired me to get out of
my groove a little bit and do something
new we are having Swiss chard cheese
quesadillas and I added just a little
bit of the meat from last night's dinner
in there and I grilled it on the griddle
so yeah
what do you I think what I like so
adorable Laura I just woke up from her
nap and we're gonna go find Kayla Nora
where's Caleb where's Caleb show us
that's the bathroom where's Caleb yeah
where's Caleb great hey Dad yeah whoa
yeah that's cranky
you have a clip that's pretty exciting
Oh
hello big guy are you doing buddy good
good did you take a nap oh how does your
body feel oh I bet it does feel good Oh
Laura wants to lay by you oh sweet girl
hey where you headed he left do you want
more blankets on you Laura where did
they go where did you put them where did
you put my earrings oh oh are they in
there there they are
there's my earrings earrings don't go in
a diaper pail you goofs you good can you
see sorry
well it was so nice tonight we had some
friends invite us over for dinner and a
birthday cake and ice cream and so we
don't have to clean up it's like such a
blessing we had so much fun and they
made pistachio cake which was like my
favorite time out so we had a viewer
recommend that we do question of the day
and I think it's a good suggestion I
don't know that we'll do it every day
but the question for today is what is
your favorite kind of cake I do
currently love pistachio cake or the
camera we put holes in it and put gel in
that's really good growing up my loved
pineapple upside-down cake or German
chocolate cake I would much rather have
like coconutty goodness on top of it
than the traditional frosting I just
don't really love the normal frosting
it's too rich for me so don't let us
know your favorite kind of cake in the
comments below
Tynan what was your favorite part of the
day bud
cream and cake what kind of ice cream
did you get Oh cute guys two kinds um
cookie dough cookie dough and chalk
which kind was your favorite cookie
dough are you guys I'm getting excited
on Thursday so for you tomorrow is what
do you think what is on Thursday that's
special
it's Kendra's birth getting excited
yourself hi I'm Peter calls me all the
way from my kitchen in South Africa Jay
house hey my taser Jay house out
hi my name's out some blue and from
North Carolina and I just saved a house
out
you
