I'm going to go now i'm with yoren water
okay good morning we're going to fix a
car and we and then after that we're
gonna go and I got the splash pad Martha
right hey can you say shoes yeah those
are your shoe the time c-elys√©e what
are we going to do fall wait at the car
place others toys and movies there and
mom didn't know that because we only
went there one less stack so I brought
some books
and Isaac has his Rubik's Cube
we're all done not to that only about
30-40 minutes we survived are we done
yeah why are you guys excited to be done
finally got everybody sunscreened up and
now the fun can begin let me see a
rainbow you see a rainbow out there so
we're here with my friend Natalie and
her kids you'll remember Natalie from
Buble
lots of fun there so always glad to have
friends it makes it better
yay
ah poor Caleb his swimsuit keeps sliding
off his sweater diapers with hey Chloe
come here Toby come here I'm going to
try to fix it for you
so every 15 minutes it auto shuts off
and the kids are all like stunned every
time the what happened and then they
have to go like do the motion sensor and
it starts up again and the magic is just
like this squeals of like back it's
awesome
alright so the splash pad was fun except
for a little miss Fleur I didn't really
love it I'm assuming as the season goes
on she'll get more used to it
so Jeremy end up staying home this
morning because it was in the basement
while we were gone busy cleaning up
everything how'd that go good I just
wanted to make it a safer place for the
kids get rid of all of the sheetrock
that was around sorry sorry I'm really
doing bad job holding his camera okay
ready go Kendra was like holding the
camera like yeah and then I was like
shaking
and it's weird all right go so I just
wanted to make it a safe place for the
kids I cleaned up all the sheetrock and
threw it out vacuumed up everything down
there and then I took all of the buckets
that we have been using and tarp and
clean that out outside so it could be
ready to go in the future and so so he
was just telling me really we can just
pretend we have an unfinished basement
ceiling hole spot until we get it
cleaned up until we get it repaired like
really the big rush and urgency was
trying to make sure that no mold
developed up there and so now that we've
gotten that situation ventilated it
should be good so hopefully we can get
it fixed sooner than later we'll see so
it's lunchtime and we are having turkey
sandwiches today what is your favorite
thing to eat for lunch we get into like
a rut we usually do like sandwiches or
salads or sandwiches or salads or
sandwich or salad when I was in junior
high
I remember my favorite thing was they
had french fries and nacho cheese it's
like the most fun healthy combination
however but I would dip the French
president in the nacho cheese it's a
school lunch yeah they've like made such
a push now to have school lunches be
healthy that I'm sure it would never fly
now but I was very content in junior
high with that okay so there's the
question what do you like to have for
lunch Isaac and I just finished a little
trivia game about what is polite around
the globe it was so interesting I'm
wondering how accurate some of this is
so some of the most interesting ones me
were it says that in Bulgaria the
gesture that means yes is this and what
is that just like boggles a head okay
then today if you want to greet someone
into bed you can stick out your tongue
um how about it says that in the Czech
Republic it's customary to throw peas at
the wedding guests and Isaac loved this
one in Taiwan it's like to do what if
you enjoyed your meal what was the
answer
get burp I mean I always you're after I
dream it also says that people in
Switzerland think it's gross to chew gum
in public so we would be in trouble in
Switzerland Oh in what country is it
rude to make eye contact when you greet
someone what country was it China sorry
I know so you have to not look and
anyway I'm just curious how accurate
this is is so interesting to hear about
different places so what what number
walking
and Italy it says that the number that
is considered lucky is 13 whereas here
America that's considered to be an
unlucky number
I don't know what's a lucky number in
the US Jeremy what's a lucky number in
the US that was gonna be my guess too
we're going to go 3 in America a lucky
number is 3
cuz I'm like three leaf clovers maybe I
do that every time I always think that
three-leaf clovers are lucky which means
that I like pretty much the luckiest
person alive because I find so many
three-leaf clovers I'll be Mike Kendra
just ask the question that epitomizes
one of the reasons that I love her so
much here so they were talking about how
in other cultures it's polite to burp
like Taiwan or like in Samoa Tonga
different places and candor asked the
question I wonder if there's anywhere
where it's polite to fart and I was like
well if there's not we need to create a
place like that as a sign of respect or
loyalty or like graffiti is a nice
sincere the Queen of England so if any
of you are from a place or know of a
place where it's polite or respectful
depart let us know our family needs to
move their drums we're going to try to
find the missing letter Neil big good
jumping girl so I'm kind of a MacGyver
not really I'm like anything but a
handyman we've had to set up all these
barricades to try to keep Caleb from
coming down here because we have a
ladder set up with a fan on top of it
and so the main focus right now down
here is just
trying to get the air to ventilate up
into the wet area so we have fans going
you know into the ceiling part these are
all fans and then I had a fan set up
over here but I was like look there's an
air vent I could just pump the air into
the ceiling and obviously use diapers to
try to blockade the other air it works
anyway I'm not a mr. Fixit that's for
sure
all right so I posted this on Facebook
last night but I did it I made a meal
plan for this week I'm super proud of
myself even though on three of the days
this week we are technically eating out
so that's kind of pathetic for a meal
plan but one of them is my birthday
one of them's date night and then the
other one is we're having like a pizza
family pool thing going on with our
family so um yeah I guess it was an easy
week to get started because I only
really had to plan for meals so it's
pathetic but it's true I at least know
what we are eating every night this week
and tonight I decided to start it with
this crock pot meal like I wanted to
keep it really simple because I haven't
been successfully cooking very much
lately and so I am doing a crock pot
meal and it is called Italian beef
sliders but what's cool about this meal
is it's called a cook once eat twice
meal and so like the first day you eat
these sliders and then the second half
of the meat that you cook it's got a
recipe that you turn it into chimneys
chimichangas so tonight we're eating the
sliders tomorrow we're going to have a
white chicken lasagna that I love and
then on Wednesday we're going to have
the leftover meat from this turned into
chimichangas so that's what's on the
plan for this week and while I'm cooking
the kids are relaxing and watching their
favorite show which is odd squad if you
guys seen that it's on PBS anyway our
kids are big fans here they are all
lined up you guys like odd squad
there it is odd squad
do you like odd squad yeah alright so
I'm so excited about making dinner but I
got distracted taken care of my shoe
girl and look what happened
no mom fail dinner fail anyway Jeremy's
on his way home so he's just gonna pick
up some other buns and you need milk
anyway so that saves me a trip and I'm
gonna go back oh my precious was no okay
now hold you again so Kendra's been
taking turns snuggling / whatever this
is called
each of the kids I've been just taking
turns talking and snuggling with each
kid and it's Lacey's turn right now and
Caleb came and joined the fun for a
minute what do you what I did yeah so
how did your one-on-one go with Caleb so
you're getting ready to go and I was
like all right Caleb now it's time for
and he goes for dessert the power lemon
we were together the whole time in there
what did you say every time there was a
pause like this theater and he least
taught me this like really cool game
where you stand up and fall straight
forward on your face while making funny
noises like I last night ooh and they
fall on your face what
kidding she so we did that over and over
and over again I think and I talked on
and on and on about all of our favorite
things and then video and we plan for
our birthdays younger animates mother
sticky agree deodorant I'm going to now
I'm water okay okay now you're the
deodorant all right well I think that's
about as much goodness as anyone should
have to handle in a day
ah pick it up day with us ready J
children alright hey everybody we're the
crows house blogs from Nova Scotia
Canada we want to congratulate our
friends J house vlogs on 5,000
subscribers J house act hi my name is
Ben Rowley I live in left bridge over to
Canada and I just wanted to say J house
out my name is Shallon I'm from
Wisconsin I adore the Jay house family
so Jay has out suddenly I hear him
screaming and I come in here and he had
locked the door to the bathroom so I
couldn't get in and water was just
streaming out in onto our carpet area
