suddenly I hear him screaming and I come
in here and he had locked the door to
the bathroom so I couldn't get in and
water was just streaming out in onto our
carpet area all right Kendra and I are
plotting our Saturday deep clean there's
always the nervousness like the house
gets dirtier before it gets cleaner so
you have to like kind of budget your
time like how much can we really tackle
today our house is kind of falling apart
in the messiness realm so hopefully we
can get some good stuff done so Caleb
helped us solve a mystery today didn't
you buddy
Irish everything yeah there was there
was a mess all over the counter and we
asked all the kids we're trying to solve
a mystery how did this happen and Caleb
was able to figure out all the secret
clues why why were you able to figure it
out
the pong table that's right he's like I
know exactly how that happened while the
babysitter was here in the basement I
came upstairs with the scissors and cut
open the pixie sticks all over the
counter into a bunch of little pieces
yeah and I ate them sound good
are they so good
so when in the middle of cleaning the
basement we have everything out what's
the plan here mom we're trying to
declutter we're trying to get there's a
donate pile and a save pile and there's
just a lot of stuff down here yeah and
the kids the kids don't play with all of
it and we've just been feeling like we
have a lot more than we need and that
would be easier on our house it event if
we just got rid of a bunch of stuff so
we're gonna do that
Isaac has been helping because we've
been timing him running up and down
anything you see if you can be 19 and a
half seconds on your mark get set go run
two three you guys ever do that to get a
sibling or a child to do something you
tie them it works for a while
one fun fun 15 16 17 18 I just
barely just barely hey let's show what
Laura was doing earlier today Laura
where are your eyes where your eyes can
you point to your eyes point to your
eyes
um she's like I want to play on this
slide lorikeets can you point to your
eyes you punk to them how where are they
oh there they are where is your mouth
there you go
Laura where's your belly button huh
there's that belly button so fun she's
growing up Oh crazy all right back to
work yeah we go it is attended four
o'clock and Jeremy and I are both still
looking like this and our house is now a
complete disaster because when you deep
clean everything gets ridiculously more
dirty there's a whole thing of trash
they go there and I think we have two
other trash bags full trash and I'll
show you in the basement the donate pile
that's what gets me excited we also went
through all of our filing and paperwork
and everything and so it's Jeremy the
kids cleaned out the van yeah really
like that Lee has originally cleaning of
the bathrooms so it's been a very
productive Saturday but we're at the
point where it's time to put everything
back together and I don't know exactly
how I want to organize it this time and
kind of we're like running out of energy
and hopefully the day has a good ending
hopefully we have a second wind to come
in we can finish off strong all right so
here's the state of the basement clearly
there is still a lot of work to be done
but here's the exciting part guys this
is the donate pile so we also have two
car seats that we're donating and
another bigger thing that we're donating
and we're not done yet so hopefully
it'll keep growing but I mean that's a
lot of stuff to not have to clean up or
deal with anymore yay all right so
Kendra had a church meeting that she's
going through tonight so I'm here with
the kids we needed to get a couple
things from Walmart I'll be honest this
Walmart shirt didn't go very well
I'm amazing Kendra does this so often
with the four kids it is not an easy
thing to do
Kubby stay in the cart okay but no
staying okay
stay stay in my god
all right so one of the funnest things
we were driving home and kala was like
dad play that song with the drums and
it's so fun that we get to introduce
music to our kids so I love the drums at
the beginning of this song
so I get to tell the kids about that and
then they're all into it I played in a
band in high school and so some of these
songs are just nostalgic
water everywhere so I was in finishing
cleaning up the kids bathroom and Caleb
was going to the bathroom in here I just
checked on him and suddenly I hear him
screaming and I come in here and he had
locked the door to the bathroom so I
couldn't get in and water was just
streaming out in onto our carpet area
and I couldn't get in and I'm like get
up and unlock the door get up a knock
the door he was just crying and
screaming so I had to run down the hall
to Caleb's room to get the key so I
could get into the bathroom so I get
into the bathroom and Caleb is sitting
on top of the toilet and it's just
gushing water and he's screaming he's
like terrified and he has a big water
toilet paper in his hand which he had
been I guess doing that to try to wipe
himself which we repeatedly asked him
not to do and he had been flushing the
toilet and I must have gotten clogged
and was just flowing so I immediately
picked him up set him down turned off
the water and now we're cleaning this up
the other issue though - I've laid down
some towels to try to stop the water
from spreading onto the carpet but it's
obviously already dripping down here
under our basement and we have a pile of
all this stuff we're getting rid of and
it's dripping right onto that so I had
to like stick a little thing here to try
to catch the water but now all of this
is wet down here no party so I could be
potty trained um some water came out how
much water Oh
Italians out what did you feel what
did you think when that was happening
you said are you pretty scared yeah a
blue thing came in the toilet and then
all the water came out deep-clean fail
okay let's go to bed guys
it's starting to drip all over down here
in the basement so disappointed that
this happened like even over there
there's spots where it's starting to
drip that's where it was dripping and
our place is just a disaster so I'm like
trying to catch the water alright so the
water leakage progress throughout the
top of the basement I was dripping down
in all sorts of places so we are taking
down the like air vent thing this is our
amazing neighbor Preston and he is
taking down the light fixture and dumped
a whole massive amount of water in their
own work out of the light fixture just
for reference you don't actually like to
have water in your red light fixtures or
in your basement ceiling so yeah you
guys it's like 11 o'clock at night our
neighbor Preston is with his shop back
he had it already our little boy scout
oh my goodness you work with the Boy
Scouts right yeah see there we go any
boy scouts out there be prepared
bring your shop back with you and your
neighbor calls at 11:00 at night
actually it's or my wife I mean what am
I to say I mean okay
sucking it in
I'm not going to lie I'm really
disappointed our house was already a
wreck today because of all the cleaning
we were doing and so then to be in the
middle of all that and then have all the
wet problem just so frustrating when
things like that happen and it's money
you weren't planning on spending and you
didn't really want to spend on a dry
basement ceiling that you already had
all right so we're opening up holes so
we can blow air in to dry out any of the
moisture so that we avoid molding and we
know that we're going to need to replace
the sheetrock because it's all wet and
falling apart anyway and it reliefs
stains and so I'm just trying to avoid
hitting water pipes and electrical wires
with my friendly little saw here it's
just so frustrating because it was so
preventable had I just been with Caleb
at that time like he's been doing really
good at going to the bathroom and that
bed time is really hectic there's a lot
going on with Laura with Isaac with the
lease and just we're trying to get a lot
of things done so I was overly
multitasking at the time and I should
have just been with them and so it's one
of those things where you kick yourself
afterwards like I should just I could
have prevented all of this pretty easy
it's obviously not Keeler's felt like a
year from now this will just be a funny
memory so might as well laugh at it now
dude
alright it's Sunday morning Caleb wanted
to come down and help me fix up all of
the problems down here Caleb what tools
do you got um ladder this this and this
Caleb what do you think we need to do
first yeah
drill alright
I'm doing this right and yes I'm gonna
fix it
what okay take care of it but get your
real dad
okay let's do some drilling do you like
my drill is that fun
don't touch it okay - Sam J house out
all right so here's the box that we got
today from the post office
and I'm gonna let Jeremy open it you
know who this is from Yellin this is
from Matt and
