all right this morning it is sun shining
out which is awesome and we are headed
into a summer library program it's all
about science should be fun you guys
ready yeah it's gonna break when she's
look at that I was also really loud yeah
you know with all the big happy alright
well that was just really fun we really
enjoyed the library and the science
program was awesome so now we are
running into the post office which is
always fun with four little kids um to
pick up a package so see what it is well
we got a big old box and it's heavy so I
have no idea what it is so that's gonna
be exciting we'll have to open that up
when Jeremy it's home today alright
today is national free donut day so we
are headed into a local donut shop and
hopefully we'll get Donuts we're kind of
later in the day so I'm not sure it's
gonna work out we'll see so yeah free
donut thank you
all right okay all right so by the time
we got to Lamar's there weren't too many
options for donuts so we ended up with
glazed sugar and a cinnamon sugar which
I'm probably happy with those options
but my question for you is what is your
favorite kind of doughnut so I think my
favorite is probably just like frosting
with sprinkles I've probably been Nilla
frosting with sprinkles Jeremy loves the
bars that have like butterscotch
frosting on top I think and if I'm wrong
I'm sure he'll time out and tell you
what he really thinks about doughnuts
but the truth of the matter is that I'm
not a big doughnut person I think it's
because they're so sugary and they're
usually associated with the mornings and
I don't really like to eat them in the
mornings but in the afternoon I'm
actually um I'm just not a big pastry
person Jeremy on the other hand loves
doughnuts you love doughnuts too okay
this is diggin Jeremy also really likes
the filled doughnuts the ones with like
the cream filling he likes those ones
Caleb what's your favorite kind of
doughnut never mind never mind I'll wait
and ask you guys when your mouths are
not ball that's it for now all right
guys I do not think that Laura has ever
had a doughnut before so here's her
little piece of a doughnut it's just
glazed we're gonna see what she thinks
do you want to try a doughnut oh you
want put the bit back on okay we'll put
your bib back on and we will give you
this doughnut what does she think I
think she likes it her smirk she like
looks like she's getting away with
something
whoo
happy national donut day we will
celebrate any and all food-related free
related holidays why not we are going at
a art festival with our dad and our dad
is still at work so it's gonna be pretty
fun
so there's this a cute little art
festival that we've come to every year
for the last how many years I think this
is our back in the day I think our
pottery last and I got to use the wheel
and it was amazing but this is like
serious yeah it's a little scary having
Caleb in with all of the pottery and the
glass and everything else
hopefully we leave without having to buy
a bunch of art that's broken and he was
taking about 45 minutes at each booth I
love meeting the artist and I love to
hear how they do it and I want to hear
the whole story and she wants to know
every detail about every piece if you
guys could choose one of these night of
art to try so pottery glassblowing
painting photography bead working hi
what do you think elese painting
painting you do love to paint what would
you want to try oh my dog catches you
like the pictures what would you do I
think I would stick with video
I would go with glass or pottery for
sure okay or photography that's all of
them depict all of them are you coloring
on a car
we love the land
so
Oh
all right here's the box that we got
from the post office and I'm gonna let
Jeremy open you know who this is from
no not one this is from Matt and my
dryer yeah they're one of our blogging
friends huh you were when we stayed went
right and then so we had the chance we
stayed with metonym twice in this last
year and they were so nice to us so and
they and they mystery out of the blue
called us this last week and we're like
hey guys what's your address we gave it
to him we're like um she'll be sexting
some like midnight visitors is there
like no so this is the next best thing
all right it's a package let's see what
it is
Oh an unlimited amount of mason jars to
drink out of
yeah it'll drop them all now this is
brilliant
thank you so thoughtful that was awesome
thank you so much every good gift ever
that's hilarious I'm going to drink out
of one right now
all right so Jeremy says this is the
exact same jar same brand same
everything look they're reunited the
furnace better I don't know why it's
better out of a mason jar
that's so funny thank you you guys thank
you
hi powder hydrate hi Carter and Jake if
you haven't seen Matt and ember logs I
think the funniest footage of Caleb ever
recorded is actually on Matt Em's vlog
Caleb was singing this song and I filmed
some of it with my camera and then I
filmed some of it with Matt's camera
anyway yeah I'm going to put an eye card
to that because it is the funniest thing
ever check it out so Kendra and I are on
our date night we decided to go sit
outside
ever again we're in a rut but is it the
only one we love those are peppers the
chips and salsa part so I think I have a
disability I always get some of the
salsa on the table like every time it's
terrible
do any of you guys do that dang it
when the table is holy the salsa
actually gets on your pants
oh so the table that has a bunch of
holes in it also bad if your wife spills
an entire drink of ice water on you some
paper now I don't water Oliver
besides the whole Jeremy got wet I dry
it out you've got so incident um it was
a very nice date night it's gorgeous out
it was still fun to sit out here so
anyway for some reason there is
something for me about eating outside
that is just so refreshing
I really like it because I just like
being outside you know we often talk
about our days in the future we're going
to be in Europe on little side streets
eating outside of cafes and stuff it's
gonna happen
we'll see you someday alright well
that's it for tonight J house out day
House out fish salad oh hey I'm so
publish in
I'm Jeremy tonight Ashley and we're from
Salt Lake City Utah J house out so they
feed a hundred and forty-one thousand
people each month they bring in 48
million pounds a year that they give to
those hundreds of thousands of people
