we doing breakfast gonna get those feet
give me those feet doo doo doo
give me those feet give him these so it
was over a week ago now that one of
Heather's friends brought us this
balloon to helium balloon and the kids
were playing with it and it came undone
and it flew up to the ceiling I'm just
wondering how long it's going to be up
there like it's become a permanent
fixture of our house you guys should we
named our balloon up here okay you guys
which we named our balloon that's going
to be up there for a while
lemonade lemonade yeah Caleb has a
reputation in our family for just
randomly locking doors and it's really
inconvenient because you'll be trying to
get into your bedroom and the door will
be locked and you have to go find that
little key and unlock it and so lately
our bathroom door to the kids bathroom
it has been locked all the time like
every time the kids need to go to the
bathroom it's locked
and I've been getting pretty frustrated
with Caleb like Caleb stop locking the
door because it'll happen six or seven
times a day and so I came in today and
realized that what had happened was
Caleb had removed the doorstop thing you
know because he likes to play with these
which is another issue but every time
that the door was closing it was
automatically locking on its own and so
Caleb wasn't doing it at all it was just
happening anyway I felt a little bit bad
because I had been pretty frustrated
with it look Caleb stop doing that and
it hadn't been him at all all right guys
well it is looking stormy out right now
we're supposed to have some pretty good
thunderstorms this afternoon
Caleb did you finish your work let's see
Luke Caleb and look he wrote his aides
and he cut out and lube he did all of
this all by himself
look at you big boy here you go all
right and here's Miss Elise's good job
coloring those alligator because there's
right here mom didn't know that there
was a aunt write up a name right here
there was a line so you wrote your name
on that line yeah and here is mr.
Isaac's hey I am an invention it's
called the rubber suit no lightning
traps to you and then there's a wire
that makes it just go underground so
it's kind of like the lightning Roth but
but and play outside when they're
lightning and thunder oh that's a fun
invention idea
somebody's been bummed that it's been
rainy and lightning out and he can't go
out and play so he came up with an idea
for it I like that during quiet time
today we're doing some dominoes
activities and one of them is creating
puzzles so Isaac just created a domino
puzzle that adds up to eight on every
side so look on this side it equals
eight yeah misdirection equals eight
like that's access is it fun all right
Isaac so now on this next page I want
you to make a puzzle that adds up to ten
on each side I think you can do it
all right so Isaac and I are heading off
to a service project that Kendra set up
for us it's true where is it up it's at
harvesters which is the food bank for
Kansas City yeah we've done other they
do like food drives that we've
participated in they're really a great
organization I've been down there in
search before but with kids there's an
agent you have to be over the age of six
and so just now Isaac's old enough yeah
yeah and we're going with our service
club group so they'll be other dads and
friends there ya know Jeremy's brother
and our little niece Ally
Brenton Howie well I think we're gonna
be late there was an accident on the
freeway
don't offer very possibly
Thanks
there are two bands down here
morning this could potentially be
disturbing
that was it
that was it
they must have already taken the seven
other cars off I hate that you like wait
for an hour in traffic and then there's
like someone has a stalled car on the
side of the road and there's 12 police
officers so they feed a hundred and
forty-one thousand people each month
they bring in 48 million pounds a year
that they give to those hundreds of
thousands of people so you're bagging
apples yes we are
yeah I already got the bat if there's
bad ones they say they send those off in
the use of his compost okay pop us out
of it nice okay Isaac what are we doing
making that yeah we're making bags out
of this mesh stuff
Isaak is coloring some cards for some of
the people who they give the food to
afterwards I'm going to come check it
out I'll show an Isaac the warehouse
look they're using those bags that you
made right there you see that these are
the food packages or boxes and that's
where we put the greeting cards in those
boxes so the things you colored are
going to go in those boxes to go out to
people who need food for stories of
racks so we store about six weeks of
food in here Wow when you think of 48
million pounds six weeks that's a lot of
food so it's interesting with all this
food apparently only four percent of it
comes from the food drives that are done
a large portion of it comes from the
local grocery stores when their food
reaches the point that they can't sell
it anymore there's still a lot of time
left before the food actually expires
and so a lot of it comes here to be
distributed to the people who need it we
just got back from the service project
would you think but I think when I said
China knocks at the most you were doing
really good at it Isaac got pretty good
at cutting and tying the knots and stuff
it was really fun to get to see the
warehouse and see what's being done and
it's always a good reminder that there's
so many people out there who are needing
food right in our neighborhood I don't
know how you guys can see that it is
coming down out there it is pouring
outside and like it's there's so much
rain yeah there's people that we know
posting pictures that they have to
evacuate their homes because of the
flooding right or like we have another
friend who they live up on a hill but
there's a creek behind their house and
they showed the pictures of the like
creeks and we were there last summer is
like this like little tiny creek and now
it's like a raging river almost yeah the
loud lightning and thunder has been
bothering the kids like they all woke up
at 5:00 something this morning to the
lightning and thunder and didn't go back
to sleep which is crazy it's been a
couple of days and the forecast is that
is supposed to continue for a couple of
days well I hope you guys are staying
dry and we'll see you later
jo stop I'm Lexie and I'm from Texas
I hope you enjoyed the block j SL j
house out hi where the writers and we're
a thing equal forge a house out
