Hailee's what are you doing tonight no
going
we're gonna meet Linda sterling anything
in real life oh so he won't be so sad
time out okay so this video just can't
capture how excited Elise was all day
she literally built a Lindsey Stirling
out of blocks with a violin and the hair
and everything at least even asked me to
send a tweet out to Lindsey Stirling
inviting her over to our house for
dinner and a slumber party she was so
excited today it was really fun time in
but I could watch what he's throwing for
read life all right we are here for the
Lindsey Stirling meeting she came to our
church to do a church meeting she goes
to the same church as us and I am so
excited we just parked hmm what's your
favorite Lindsey Stirling song no1 when
uh everybody of people are the people
are sad and then when Lady certainly
plays the comes in the room and dances
with the violin I love it and then they
start being happy isn't that one awesome
it's called transcendence the
orchestration version not that I know
come on let's go for Lindsey Stirling
her story is just so inspiring to me and
it's neat I have kind of some fun
connections to her we grew up in the
same town in Arizona we went to the same
university we were both editing nerds in
high school I'm a classically trained
violinist
just kidding but anyway I just I've
always really loved her videos and her
story it's been fun to watch and our
kids just love it I am doing at like
kids yep alright we just got out of the
moon's history and meeting no in a big
line waiting to go me please the coolest
thing happen on Twitter we were chatting
to someone I'm at Patrick on Twitter and
then he happened to sit right by me so
we've been chatting welcome to me
this is
look I'm with the Big O like holiday
what's up love the Lindsay dog block
three layers Dan yes they're third that
was fun was that fun
what was your favorite part when I took
a picture with him so at least when I
got to sit on the front row to here at
Lindsay speak and play the violin wasn't
that awesome yeah
time out I wanted to elaborate a little
bit about what Lindsay actually talked
about at the meeting and what was so
inspiring about it she talked about
going to America's Got Talent and losing
out and then getting rejected by record
labels all over and nobody wanting her
and then eventually her finding her
success but even in her success she
found that she could only have happiness
with the inner peace of confidence and
she talked about the religious aspect of
that in her faith and I was amazed at
how much Elise got out of it when he at
least came home and she was talking to
Kendra about it she just lit up and she
remembered all these details it really
touched her and so it was just a really
great time Simon I got here I'm like
yeah did she give you a hug okay well
we're heading home now J house out
day house out I'm Alice and I'm watching
from England get out out J house out
we're gonna do a prank on mom when she
comes home I'm gonna have Isaac
open the door really fast and then we're
gonna dump a big thing of water on her
ready go
