and then I say go you open okay ready
set go
and then I'll dump it Shh no no oh I'm
not your on you I mean ready get ready
you she comes when I'm at the water hit
coroner must watch and wait their friend
I'm going bad nerd heaven so this is
what a good summer morning looks like in
my book alright so we came down to this
park a couple of weeks ago and we had a
really good time and when we left the
kids begged to come back cuz we hadn't
been able to explore all the parts of it
so we are back and excited to see more
of it oh and we invited some friends to
join us because everything is more fun
with friends miss Laura where are you
peekaboo
what c'mere huh yeah are you gonna go
down the side for me
I hope let's just let her back wait this
is just cool whoa lease isn't wobbly go
check it out
did you guys find another turtle man
they're everywhere
he's backward yeah is his head backward
I think this is beautiful and it
stresses me out a little bit whenever
I'm near water with all four kids by
myself I just feel like I have to be
like an eagle I face people do fish eat
worms yeah there's some debate that was
a really fun park and what I'm excited
about is right around the corner is IKEA
which I have never been to the IKEA in
our area I've been to one like probably
eight years ago or so but I kind of
intended like I would just want to stop
by and see what's inside of it but I
know going to Ikea when I have four
tired kids is just not a good idea so
we're gonna have to come another time
because I hear fun things about IKEA and
I want to see it again all right so we
are home I got Laura all laid down and
we are doing just a little bit of table
work my plan is for table book work to
just be a small part of our day like we
did some reading on the couch this
morning then we went out and played with
friends with the younger kids it's
really just what they're interested in
if they're having fun and they want to
do it that's great we run with it and if
they're not I definitely don't force a
little bit these did want to show me
your DS yeah let's see you DS hey those
are looking good this one is my favorite
this one's your favorite one oh I like
those DS let's see your DS those are
very nice
Tina see how you wrote your own DS I
want you to also to try to write your
own ease can you write your own age
today I reviewed many of the submissions
for the Jay house outs they are so
exciting I love seeing them we are still
we have two more days left where you can
send in your stuff but we're getting
submissions from all over the world
Serbia Germany England Ireland Canada
all the different United States South
Africa like it was so fun to see your
faces to hear where you're from and to
hear you say Jay house out and there's a
lot of fun things people are doing
please be patient if you haven't seen it
up yet we've been amazed with the
response that we've got
and it may be a little bit until we're
able to get to yours I'm posting like
two or three a day and so keep sending
them in if you have it yet we really do
want to see you that's been one of the
most rewarding and exciting things of
vlogging is actually seeing the
responses from people so keep sending
them in you guys playing together oh let
me do that what are you playing with
Maura well what else you playing with
okay what do you need besides us to stir
in some grass
so I told Isaac to pitch and to try to
hit the camera
he's coming pretty close nice cows close
whoa all right guys confession time I
have totally fallen behind in my meal
planning like usually I have a pretty
decent group of like meal planning and
grocery list making and grocery shopping
and for some reason all of that has
completely fallen by the wayside and I'm
just kind of flying by the seat of my
pants which means that we are eating a
whole bunch of last-minute less healthy
dinners and every night it's stressful
because I'm like oh what are we gonna do
tonight I don't know what to do and then
um it also means I'm going grocery
shopping more which means I'm spending
more money and we're eating out more
like it's such a bad habit like I
definitely need to get back into the
groove of meal planning but it's so hard
to get back into a habit like it's it's
nice to maintain a habit and when you're
in a good routine it feels great but
then when you're out of the habit you
have to get back into it it's so hard so
I guess my question is what is your
go-to quick dinner I would love to hear
it because we should try because we are
getting sick of just eating the same
things every night like for example
tonight we are having spaghetti right
here spaghetti with just sauce on it and
cheese and then we have carrots and
broccoli and apples so that's what we're
having tonight yeah
alright guys are you excited what's for
dinner tonight
good thing about this meal is that
everybody likes it look at this little
girl yeah the other good thing about
spaghetti is that it's not messy at all
and you know how Jeremy and I feel about
messy things how well comes with the
territory
alright so we decided we want to do
something fun to mom when she comes back
from her run I have a great idea we're
gonna dump water on her what's your
great idea
I don't she sinks into alright we'll put
a giant red wall over here and then we
will then we will uh and then we'll dump
the water on Earth okay we've got it all
set up we're gonna do a prank on mom
when she comes home I mean have Isaac
open the door really fast and then we're
gonna dump a big thing of water on her
we thought that would be fun okay let's
practice no when I say go you open okay
ready set go
and then I'll dump it oh I'm not good on
you I mean
get ready whew she comes so Isaac was so
awesome he sat there and watched for you
at the P was perched at the window the
whole time waiting so literally got me
little embarrassing that I miss you the
first two times
so you had no idea cuz we were standing
up here I saw the bucket and Caleb said
we have a surprise for you and I assumed
I assumed you are mopping my floor and
that was the surprise but I'm all wet
sweetheart or I would hold you
someone water all that can do a surprise
no I don't know about that we might as
well mop the entryway now
tonight J herself
hey it's Ruby from Australia Jay Haas
out face
hi my name is Chris from Loomis Co
gin-house out where the Davis girls from
San Diego California Jay house
