get it low get it good morning happy
Monday it is overcast here today it's
actually a nice temperature out but it
just feels like kind of gloomy and
anyway I'm having a hard time not
letting it affect my mood like I just
feel like tired and I'm having a hard
time getting going and so anyway we
decided to get out of the house and we
came to the park with our cousins so
hopefully that'll get the day and the
week off to a good start you can keep me
under dog look at that babe you are
adorable
so caleb is borrowing our my nephew Luke
sweatshirt and he's loving it because
it's a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle one
okay so I just found Laura in our very
messy bedroom with the diaper pail let's
see what she's put in the diaper pail
which was luckily empty this morning by
jeremy cuz it's trash day so it was
empty to start with so uh-oh is right
can you see okay so there's one of mom's
shirts there's a box there's a sock and
a medal that one of the kids is that
yours all right Lisa right before I grab
the camera I also had already pulled out
all of this laundry
like how can you get upset with a face
like that oh my goodness okay we're
gonna have to like shut all the doors to
every room and deep clean our house and
boom if anything disappears at least we
know where to check first so I just put
Laura to bed and it was the sweetest
thing ever like I held her on my arms
and I sang to her like one of the songs
I always sing to her and she likes
saying along with me the whole time like
she was like like all like along the
time like we were seeing in together
like my heart just melted like I just
wanted to cry was so sweet I love that
girl and I love being a mom now I'm
gonna go take care of the big kids we're
running around like crazy pants and
remember how much I love being a mom to
them too so today we are starting our
home schools summer school routine so I
went to I'm keeping it really simple I
went to the dollar store and I just
picked up different workbooks and
activities that would give the kind kids
something different than our normal
school curriculum but that would still
be educational during the quiet time
portion of each day all right you
excited for your summer school stuff
yeah this one's yours
which is it i smite oh yeah what I'm so
exciting is a puzzle it is a puzzle a
new puzzle a new coloring book lay oh
it's Victor who's in them who's Anna
stickers Nick Mouse very fun
okay this is your special book that
you're going to learn how to write all
your letters do you think you can do
that yeah lay it lay this one is this
one teaches you all about colors and
that one is a painting book yeah do you
like to paint them so Caleb this is what
you're gonna do for summer school this
summer are you excited
mmm-hmm thank you like trying to like
English come here let's let's at least
you come next alright Lee see you get to
come next
look I'm always long I love that they
all go for this next first look at this
great Disick it here you go always yeah
what are these it's a puzzle it's a
brand-new puzzle Wow right now yeah in
just a second Lee see this is a workbook
that's gonna teach you a lot more about
your numbers and writing them oh yeah
and this one is a reading readiness you
and I are gonna get to do that one
together
it's all to help you with reading
coloring books
strawberry shortcake coloring book yeah
and they see do you see what this hand
what is this it's a thing to fill up
water balloons cubby cubby we're sharing
some of them so the bubbles and the
water balloons we're gonna share you
excited Kimmy
when you finish your school today you
may eat the snack that one's yours
what's it it's a trivia book with like
questions you get to like guess the
answers and find them out in the back
and learn about stuff why do you know
sports page yup when I say mommy so
Isaac is a trivia kid like he will all
this trivia so this is perfect for him
if you reach an answer it does but don't
look at the answers right now can't look
at your other stuff
did you show all of this state no it
shows it's countries and not all of them
but a bunch of them I thought you would
really like it I do i hopes me remember
them yeah even though I know most of
them and I think the graham crackers yep
it's a snap when you finish your school
today okay um just for today I think
you're gonna love this it's called ad
libs I'll teach you how to do it we'll
do it together
but we get to end make up funny stories
together I love always it's a science
experiment we're all gonna get to do it
together it's a science experiment nope
nope not opening it yet they they like
literally cannot wait so I just clean
off the table and they are diving right
into their assignments Caleb can you
show us the A's you wrote hey Kayla so
second I see those A's oh my goodness
at least this looks so amazing circle
boom
Isaac how's it going pretty good even me
good job Larry's trying to get it
but no boy I just want it and he's right
doing sister get it love it
so it's totally an accident but that
hooked on that's really funny
turn it around into this street you
little stink for this little rebel she
knows that she's not supposed to go on
the street but she keeps on pushing her
stroller and trying to get in the street
what's up with that don't even pretend
like you don't know what's going on but
I said no wow well don't disrespect me
like that
maybe so determined okay so you
experienced it you know you finally
rebelled and went out on the street how
was it was it worth it you're gonna
regret that the rest of your life
the same it must thank you
smelly out here what do you think happen
maybe go did you have a fluffer storm
again oh okay oh oh hey get back here
hey what are you doing made a run for it
but we stopped you you didn't quite make
it
oh is there another neighbor
Masumi breeze you're so friendly they
are playing tickle monster the epic game
where Jeremy gets to lay on the couch
and act like a sleeping monster what did
you think
go get daddy okay good daddy hey hey
yeah go get him okay
she's like I'm gonna get front-row seat
to this hey we're a homeschool family
from well in Ontario Canada Jay has yeah
and I just wanna say Jay's house out to
Jay house out what do you think it's at
a big old bumblebee kill it dad
kill it yeah nice to it
