what do you think it's at a big old
bumblebee Kelly
Wow kill it
so we're playing guess who and this
little miss over here is the best
guesser in the world she guess what I
was two times row on the very first
guess what and so now we're playing
again but I've got Caleb on my team now
so that's gonna be my secret weapon I
think you're the secret weapon I can
help me win bring out the secret weapon
my own secret weapon what's that it's a
fake one right here what does it do
it's invisible major playing man
yeah looks like Caleb's up all right
you just had to open our doors did you
open on your doors yeah okay you're
ready I mean did you pick an animal uh
yeah
which one did you pick pointed out to me
but don't see it cuz we don't want to
hear it okay so this kid right here just
successfully played an entire game of
guess who with me and he guessed it what
was I that Turk but turtle did you get
it I'm just amazed at what these kids
are able to do it's so fun they're
getting to an age where they really want
to play fun games with us like I
actually really like guess ooh and I
love mastermind and Waka sand all these
games like these kids are fun guys are
stinking fun you don't play all right
right so I recruited a little helper
okay Nick okay point to one where do you
want to go bud okay ch4 nest by the way
all right so we're doing breakfast for
dinner tonight this is our bacon method
it's turkey bacon and we're baking it
because it's easier that way it is
really easy throw it in the oven and
then it's done and it's all cooks pretty
evenly and then we're totally doing
breakfast for dinner tonight just like
an easy Sunday evening dinner so we're
making German pancakes I love German
pancakes we absolutely love them and in
my family growing up we actually called
them Dutch babies but I've never ever
heard anyone else call them by that name
so you've probably never heard of that
so if you call it Dutch babies please
tell me so I know I'm not alone in this
world and I always mix these in my
blender which is just kind of fun this
is a big deal in our house ready set go
like it
policeman so I grew up on homemade syrup
and I particularly like it when it's
cooled down Jeremy on the other hand
grew up with store-bought syrup and he
preferred it heated up so timeout I just
want to clarify one thing about the
syrup I like homemade syrup it's more of
the temperature and the consistency I
like it thicker and Kendra puts her
syrup in the refrigerator so it's like
cold really cold I prefer it at least
room temperature that's all
timon after like our first few months of
marriage and like you know just trying
to figure out you know all the different
kinks in marriage
timeout I've always wanted to have this
superpower and if you can reference in
the comments below what inspired it I
would love you forever time in what we
finally came to was we would just have
two syrups I guess we were out of any
white flour but here's our wheat flour
German pancakes looks good
it's we are having an epic dinner
conversation the kids have been asking
us tons of questions about our dating
and are getting married and everything
and they're asking really good
thoughtful questions so it's fun to tell
those stories while we've been doing
that kayla has been having some serious
fluffer storms fluffer storms
I don't have my flowers from sickness
breathe hmm how does it feel hey you
guys remember spinning until you were
just incredibly dizzy as a kid you like
this so every Sunday when it's not
raining we go on a family stroll and
it's always one of my favorite parts of
the day it is it's really relaxing and
there's lots of neighbors out in the
evenings so if this walk kind of takes
forever because we stop and visit here
and stop and visit there so the kids
found this big old bumblebee you see
that thing what do you think is it a big
old bumblebee kill it dad kill it yeah
it's a nice to it it's not hurting us
so I'm currently pushing an empty double
stroller laura is at that point where
she just wants to be walking but we're
nervous because once you let her do that
walks will never be the same but I think
we're already there
it's okay let's go to the bathroom we
had to get a little creative okay so
something that Jeremy and I have in
common is that we are both extremely
anal about stickiness we absolutely hate
it which with four little kids brings up
many a problem for kids and stickiness
like it's happening every day
so we fed the kids watermelon and syrup
covered German pancakes tonight and so
like we have to like deep clean the
kitchen we are so excited because today
is Jay house out submissions come from
our family members we were so happy to
see them submit them and it meant so
much to us like their support with this
whole crazy vlogging hobby is just
amazing and so we love you guys thank
you so much for watching so we'll let
them tell you Jay us out and have a
great week yeah because we're not gonna
say Jay house off we're not gonna say it
this is like painful it's like awkward
how are you supposed to good buy a
bustling Jay house up hmm oh this is
Jeff from Provo Utah Jay house oh hey
congratulations on 5,000 subscribers we
love you guys
papa muga Jay house out boo hi cousins
so we love Jay house over here and Utah
and we miss you guys so much and you've
totally inspired my husband and I to
start blogging once we have kids so
thank you and love you guys Jay house
out it's just so hard like I drain and
think of the mother that I want to be
and the mother that I want to be does
not yell at her children and it is so
hard though in the chaos in the moment
and no one
listening and nobody obeying to not just
succumb to that
