Kayla what woke you up in the middle of
them and died fire the fire alarm hey
was it what kind of noise was it making
um the fire sound did it scare you oh
did you hear that so that what yeah
mm-hmm it's interesting how fire alarms
are like structurally designed for the
battery to run low and for it to start
chirping in the middle of the night like
it always happens in the middle of the
night right it's so strange so Caleb's
fire alarm oh you hear that so we don't
have a 9-volt battery so I went up there
and I pull the battery out and we just
don't have an extra one with us so we're
gonna have to go and pick or the
tripping will never stop I think you
know bad news is that we're gonna have
to do yeah but glad you did you hear it
again yeah well I don't think this stays
going to bed and he turns me yes
nor can using hi
so yesterday in the comment somebody
asked why we call caleb cubby and i
thought i would tell you guys
so mr. Caleb here when he was born
Elyse was 2 so when we came home from
the hospital miss Elise couldn't say
Caleb and so we'd say here's your baby
brother Caleb and she would try and try
and what she started saying was cub
that's why Caleb's called cub little too
datoria so we stopped reading the books
and I look around and the living room is
kind of messy and I'm like alright let's
clean this up and we start cleaning up
and pretty soon fighting breaks out and
there's like forever and they're all
like bickering with each other and I get
your day with it and then I yell at them
because I'm like stop it with the
fighting which obviously makes no sense
to yell at them for fighting and anyway
there were tears and there was more
fighting and eventually we all ended up
in timeout which is exactly where I
needed to end up it's just so hard like
I drain and think of the mother that I
want to be and the mother that I want to
be does not yell at her children and it
is so hard though in the chaos in the
moment and nobody listening and nobody
obeying to not just succumb to that and
anyway I worked really hard on not
yelling at my kids a couple of years ago
and I did really great but then as I
stopped focusing on it like I've slowly
started yelling again
and I really don't want to be a mom that
yells at my kids and this is a video I
plan on doing on my own channel as I get
that up and running is like tips and
things that have helped me as I'm
focusing on it and just I really want to
start focusing on it some more like I
love my children and I want them to be
raised in a safe environment where they
don't feel like their mom's gonna yell
at them and so it's hard on it's hard
for me in these moments not to just get
down on myself and get frustrated that
I'm not living up to the mother that I
want to be but then of course there's
the beautiful moments too like after we
were all put in our own timeouts we came
back together and I apologized to them
and told them that it wasn't their fault
that I had yelled like that was my own
choice and that I can even if they're
being unkind I can choose to react
nicely to them and we just apologized
they apologized to me for what they've
been doing and so we really focus on
taking accountability for our own
actions and we talked about how we're an
imperfect family and we're gonna make
mistakes and family life is messy it is
a messy messy business and anyway then
of course it ended in these like amazing
cuddles and hugs and the kids were
telling me that we they loved me and I
told them that I loved them and then it
was like this release the moment they
just kind of like was adorable and also
crushed my heart I'm like how could I
ever yell at these little people and
anyway so I guess I just want to share
that that's what family life is it's the
good the bad and the ugly all wrapped up
into one and it's a whole bunch of
imperfect people living in a home
together and trying desperately to
improve and learn how to be kind to each
other and sometimes it's hardest to
learn how to be kind within the walls of
our own home and I just gonna keep
working on it and encourage my kids keep
working on it and anyway that's all
lunch with friends is the best who is
right and there's the girl table
how are you Laura so what is so big
she's crawling all the way up into the
tube area Lucy can you go with hey good
job guys
so I came to the store to get batteries
because clearly we cannot live with the
chirping sound and anyway I ended up
getting distracted and I got some food
and I was getting ready to leave and I
was like okay we've got everything we
need I'm like oh no we came for
batteries so luckily we are now in the
battery department looking for the
9-volt batteries hey guys we're looking
for a square battery ooh maybe this is
it
that looks good let's get a bunch of
them this way next time this goes off
and then all of the night we'll be ready
for it
have you guys ever had your fire alarm
off in the morning so annoying what did
you get
Hucky so the grocery store that we're at
gives out a cookie to the kids so when
we're almost done so I use it as a
reward that if they behave the whole
time right before we're done you go get
the cookie and then I try to hurry to
check out before they finish their
cookie craziness
Laura what did you find
can you show us is it oh you don't need
food at all yeah
our fellow woodchuck do when a house
down I made the chirping stop yeah it's
funny that while I was up here I had to
grab you know a chair to get myself up
here and I was just thinking about how
crazy it is I have a brother-in-law
who's six five six six and he could have
totally done this without a chair you
know like the world looks different from
up here but I'm really glad I don't have
to bend down every time I walk through a
door Laura no no no no no no oh no no no
no step away from the toilet and put
your hands in the air
you are under arrest Jeremy just got
home from work and I gave him Laura who
just woke up from her nap to feed a
bottle to I think he's a little bit
tired what do you think Kayla what what
are you doing
you're stuck up there I don't believe
that so Bora has been seeing a
particular sentence lately that makes me
really happy
thanks dad say thank you melt my little
heart Caleb what's for dinner
smush bed hey most potatoes we are
having baked potato with a bunch of
toppings there's broccoli and cottage
cheese and some Turkey that's turkey on
top Oh
Oh daddy do you want a hug I want a hug
back today Laura Oh Mama's doing every
night before we go to bed we all hug
each other and Laura has really caught
on to this tradition Oh
Jay has yeah I'm Taylor
I'm from aerelon Kansas that's it we're
now Jay house house hi my name is Heidi
I'm from Ohio
Jay help out we are
