we want to see your little faces on film
we want to hear you singing and outing
we want to see your jumping jacks and
your crib
so what happened here
so I've been drinking every day out of
this mason jar you hadn't loved it
it was given to us as a vase from our
neighbor anyway I've been loving
drinking it because it's really big and
it was wet on the outside and it slipped
out on my hands and just shattered all
over the place so no no I'm just
cleaning up the glass and mourning the
loss of my favorite
do you guys have like a favorite cup or
mug that you drink out of all the time
this was mine and there's also like a
pint or quart of water yeah I have an
animal the way there's the glass you can
see it like you're there or it'd be
since I'm barefoot this is a little
dangerous oh I love you little mason jar
sorry babe yeah
sorry about your loss all right Kendra
and I are doing lunch out here on the
back deck I brought up work and
apparently I already had at work that's
okay
oh I have a to fork situation so anyway
it's lunch time in Jeremy's home and so
we're having kind of a lunch date the
kids are having quiet time and it's
raining out but we've got to cover deck
so we're just enjoying it I just had the
best experience I had the chance to do a
google hangout with clintus from clintus
TV and Sam from cemani and we were
talking all about VidCon and vlogger
fair and the things going on this summer
and I'm just getting so excited about it
so as we're sitting out here eating I'm
remembering that the first time that I
ever tried vlogging was back in August
last year Eckstrom we were painting our
deck yeah and we got out the camera it
was the first time we done it just a
kind of experiment of getting out the
camera yeah it was pretty funny we'll
show you here's here's my first attempt
at vlogging enjoy today's the day we
woke up it didn't rain last night and
it's not supposed to rain until tomorrow
night so we are going to paint our deck
this used to be one of my favorite
shirts but when we were running for a
half marathon I put vaseline on the
nippy's and lighting is not showing it
super well it's essentially like massive
nipple marks there we go there we see it
so I can't really wear this in public
you know I have tried a couple times and
Kendra reminds me like Jeremy you cannot
wear that shirt off in public so if I
get some paints on the shirt that's okay
so I didn't have my shoes on when the
glass mason jar broke and so I put
tennis shoes on to clean up I feel like
I'm 70 years old like look at this you
look awesome
a great look for you outfit of the day
for Jeremy he's an attorney by day and a
bird by girl lunch day is better usually
he's wearing his shorts like his like
workout clothes with like dress socks
and dress shoes that's a more normal
look for Jeremy so as you guys know we
have been considering getting these kids
ahead so today we are going as a family
outing to Petsmart to look and learn and
see what we can find out about what it
would really be like to get a pet what
do you guys think of that not today is
it raining a little bit it is this one
share hi Shane
say hi
tweet-tweet that's the same for birdies
is it a real mouse a real Mouse thank
you it is just like the mouse in the
motorcycle so this one's a fancy rat
please I didn't want to rat pool get it
I were talking about that the other day
like rabbits and squirrels can run
around in the forest and we think
they're cute but they're still just
rodents like if it was a rat we saw
running around we would not think it was
cute so it's funny how there's that
distinction even though there really
shouldn't do you hear that it's over
there oh look there it is to see it oh
that's the dumb
they're giving it a haircut
you just got a haircut didn't you look
they're getting a haircut she's
impossible to contain so Laura's face
the entire time we've been in this store
is like just lit up like her eyes are
just sparkling she's so excited to see
the animals unlike any of like the boxes
of like dog food or like you know
reptile habitat where it has pictures of
animals she like rushes over and she
like thinks they're real to its absolute
durable the kids need a pet
every time I see one of these towers I
just want to build one like they look so
fun to create you a kitty cat okay well
I am going running with a friend of mine
we are going to like the historic
downtown area and I'm so excited there's
beautiful historic homes there and it's
going to be a fun run and I get to run
with a friend so that's a way cooler run
than usual I would take you guys with me
because I want to show you all the
beautiful homes but then I'd have to run
with a camera in my hand the whole time
so maybe next time sorry currently I'm
not allowed to hold the camera half of
it is because of the angle of where my
people is oh so if you hold it over
there then everyone can see you I mean
can you not see it is that possible good
job so you only remember there any look
this exactly so ready action
oh all right so today was national
burger day apparently so good thing we
were already eating burgers for dinner
because I didn't cook today so we had
five days you guys been to five guys it
was yummy
we are so close to five thousand
subscribers we had so much fun
announcing and asking for submissions
yesterday and we have already gotten
lots of submissions so thank you we're
so excited but we still want more we're
just going to feel like you shouldn't do
it because we have some we plan on
putting like there should be a song
there I want more we've got some clips
but we want some more
we'd like to see you jumping and jay has
a D we want to see your little faces on
film we want to hear you singing and
outing we want to see your jumping jacks
and your grid
in where are you from
what's your name we want to hear it all
the same in our vlog we want you there
please come to play we really should do
these endings before it's really good
night because it is late at night we're
just nonsensical anyhow thank you guys
so much for the submissions we've
already received we would really love to
meet all of you so please keep the
submissions coming and as soon as we hit
5,000 subscribers we're going to start
throwing them in and I don't know what
else is going to happen when we hit
5,000 subscribers but I have a feeling
it might include cake then didn't do J
hisself my name is Maya J house out I'm
Sabrina milk time mr. J house J house
out
