Jules Oh J house J house J house that
was important
Caleb what did you get into this morning
what is it oh goody should we go wash
your face off
no do you know buddy
it looks nice keep it smart on me yeah
not right now I think you pretty much
got that covered for our family just
looking in the mirror let's hike look so
pretty you look so pretty I reckon leave
it on okay all right well I was driving
to the grocery store and the weather was
just gorgeous out and so I decided to
take a detour and come to the park first
so hopefully this works out in my favor
and the kids are well behaved at the
grocery store we'll see but at least
they're having fun and it is really nice
I'm all for luncheon Elise's giving the
kids a ballet lesson
you
and we're going to the butterfly
yeah we get it
you'll have to skip around around belly
is good and now understood teacher all
right I brought these little people with
me we're gonna go and check our P o box
you ready to see here yeah what's in
there or some stuff so I had a dad win
moment on the drive
Laurel struck I started crying on the
drive and I had a binky and I couldn't
get it so I was trying to reach around
you know my seat and so I decided to
just throw it over my head because I was
driving on the freeway at that time and
so I toss it over my head and it landed
right in between her legs she was able
to pick it up and put it in her mouth
she's ready to be home now so we're
gonna go inside I just woke up from her
nap and my favorite thing is snuggling
with her and she just wakes up
it's silky how she holds the bottle
herself now do you just take a nap don't
let me go snuggle well copy was sleeping
in his toddler bed if you've been
sleeping in your toddler bed like a big
boy
chief check making sure there's nothing
in there you already recording
maybe hi guys you always want to make
sure that you don't have anything here
we just finished eating dinner together
and sometimes I get a little something
in my teeth yeah so Jeremy the kids went
to the post office today I got a really
sweet letter from someone named Lauren
hi Lauren thank you so much for sending
us a letter she just introduced herself
and told us about some of the things
that are going on in her life and things
that she's struggling on struggling with
and some of the big projects that she
has ahead and it was just really sweet
but she just wanted to tell us who she
was so thank you so much it means so
much to know who's watching all right
guys well we are so excited we are
coming up to 5,000 subscribers any day
now I know we're so excited so thank you
guys all so much for coming and watching
our family we really appreciate it
so as part of our 5,000 subscribers
celebration we wanted to give you guys a
chance to be a part of our vlog yes we
are accepting submissions of people
saying J house out at the end of our
vlog so you just send a 5 to 10 second
clip to J house vlogs at gmail.com then
we'd love to hear your name where you're
from and then of course J house out and
whatever creative style you'd like - why
don't you just say it normal that's true
we'll totally accept normal submissions
so we're going to be accepting a
submission starting today and for a
whole week so June 4th is going to be
the end of submissions and then we're
just going to be putting them in at the
end of our vlogs so you can just watch
for it and when you video it if you're
doing with a phone just make sure to
hold it horizontally so that it fits in
the screen I know you're sitting there
thinking should I do this or not yes you
sent it to us it always takes a second
just on your camera and if you don't
want to tell us your name where you're
from you can just say J how's that what
you might want to show yourself you can
just like film something else your pet
can say J has had your grandma's come on
we just have it one of the things we've
loved about YouTube is the engagement
with the community
that watches the blocks and so we're
excited to see your faces and for you to
be a part of what we're doing so thank
you so much we really appreciate it and
girls Oh Jay house Wow it's it wasn't a
real Jew maybe you shouldn't do the
house out until you get buddy
