yeah
hi all right
so Isaac and Elise are way to friends
house this afternoon and Laura is
mapping and so I decided to ignore my
laundry and my kitchen and play with
this guy so Caleb was awesome at
Candyland he beat me two times you in
two times yeah and then after that who
won mom mom had it turned to well I was
so flexible you were you a really good
sport what is what kind of ice cream
Oh to have any chocolate in it not that
chest let's play now all right what game
are we playing now Panther Panther what
you see all right let's do it
who do you thinks gonna win think me
what just happened i won what yeah did
you trick me yeah what are you gonna do
now again you play it again so you won
yeah good job
so the ice-cream man is coming by and
the kids really want something but we're
about to eat dinner and they're pretty
upset about it
say bye no thanks Jack why don't you
stop is the neighbor having some yep we
don't always get the same thing that our
neighbors good huh it's kind of a bummer
huh
all right Isaac how do you want your
hair cut how Tom Bray's here is math it
used to be just like this but now now
this is how it looks I want like a
little bit like a buzz on the side you
know a little bit more on the top so
that's the haircut we're going for I
love my glass
oh you want to pick out your haircut -
I'm not oh that haircut is what you want
I think the boys are doing haircuts I
just get a sucker and just watch yeah
it's not an apron there yet get you guys
take off their clothes and I already got
a haircut hey you did all right well
it's haircut time obviously
show us your hair look how long this is
look how long it is I took off my shirt
my hair's a little bit a little bit
longer so I was kind of letting the boys
kind of grow it out I was interested to
see what it would look like longer but I
just think we're more short hair people
they've been begging for haircuts so
it's time I did
okay let me give me
yeah I think okay you gotta hold your
head still buddy tentacle your fat face
all right what do we think dad mommy did
amazing
good job what do you think huh be good
cry see in the mirror
I mean I think your underwear is on
backwards buddy yeah what do you think
dad do you like it hey so yeah so I'm a
different person
you basically a different person now huh
is that crazy
hey all right you guys ready for a big
transformation your your haircut let's
do it you have so much hair
oh you look like a girl could you look
like one of the minions what size are
you doing right now and what is your
so Caleb are you the same guy yeah I
look like a different person now you
look like a different person do you like
your new haircut huh I guess - our oh
you did deep y'all clean yeah and your
ish and fresh all right okay Isaac you
ready to go seriously it is a lot of
hair maybe one should get their hair a
little sooner next time so I used to be
scared of cutting the boys hair and I
just felt really inadequate at it it's
just not something I have any training
in or anything that I'm really
overwhelmingly great at but I learned
that hair is just hair and it just grows
back and it saves us a lot of money for
me to try to cut both of the boys hair
and sometimes I really nail it and I'm
like wow that's a great-looking haircut
and other times I'm like huh hopefully
we'll grow up quick so anyway it's
something we've done in the last couple
of years to try to save money when Isaac
was little we would take him and get his
haircut but then once we had Caleb and
Isaac I realized quickly how expensive
this was going to become so we just do
the haircuts at home now and it's
definitely good enough and good enough
is great sometimes
do yourself
what buddy um Oh people died
