all right well happy Memorial Day guys
today is Memorial Day here in the United
States and that if you're not familiar
with it is a day set aside in America
for us to remember those that have
fought and died and fighting for our
country and for our freedom and so we
are headed as a family today to Fort
Leavenworth National Cemetery which is a
cemetery that houses a lot of graves of
those that have fought for our country
so we're going to share that piece of
history with our kids and show our
appreciation for the freedoms that we're
blessed with it's a bit of a long drive
so all the clothes are reading and
sleeping and Jeremy and I are chatting
it up it's true so apparently before you
can get into the National Cemetery you
have to go to a visitor's center and you
have to have a full background check
which is just amazing to me they said it
would take about an hour so that was
unexpected all right well just a short
72 hours later we are finally ready to
go so we went into there and it kind of
felt like a DMV inside like we took a
number and then we had to wait and wait
and wait
Kendra was like I do not want you to
take the vlogger in there because
there's like soldiers in there but I was
able to sneak some footage with my phone
to give you an idea of what it looked
like well man okay so long story short
we had to give them our driver's license
our our registration our proof of
insurance which when we got in the car
we realized that our proof of insurance
was out of date luckily thank goodness
for iPhones we were just able to log on
and through like our insurance app show
the policy number and the effective date
and everything like that but anyway so
there was a scare there for a moment
where we didn't know if it was going to
actually work but thankfully enough we
are all
okay and now we are heading in
so always an adventure I really like the
name of the holiday Memorial Day because
I think it is so important to remember a
bigger picture so often we get tot
caught into our normal daily routines
and the things that have to do with they
here and now and I think it is important
to remember those who have made a way
possible for us to have the life that we
have and to take time and to celebrate
that into a short appreciation
all these people thought and they died
I really enjoy the feeling of calm at a
cemetery and peace and just thinking
about lives that have been lived and
reflecting on our own life and what we
can do to more fully live so one thing
about being out here at the cemetery is
just how many graves there are we
haven't even covered a quarter of it in
the little time that we've been here
people died and I love brown bar eras
eret to be alive oh that's my grandpa we
were talking about him earlier today and
I'll he bought for our country handle he
passed away
you
what buddy um people die this way slime
sad it is sad we are grateful that they
served our country and fought for our
freedom and everybody you have a big
heart so as we were pulling away from
the cemetery Caleb asked if we could say
a prayer for all the people in the
cemetery and we stopped and we just
prayed together as a family and
gratitude for the ultimate sacrifice
that these people gave and I was really
touched by Caleb sweetheart
Caleb's prayer was beautiful and he said
we're grateful that these people will
live again because we had talked about
the resurrection and our belief in Jesus
Christ and that we can all live again
and so it was neat that he mentioned
that in his prayer as well
yes out
you
