who is gonna be at vloggerfair probably
about every single longer what should
you bring to vlogger fair yeah you don't
want to forget your band-aids tube
larger fit right
how long is lager ferry about two
minutes
what is vlogger fair show you and you
what's the best part of vlogger fair
why is it called vlogger fair well there
meet vlogger in there why how much does
it cost to go to blogger fair where is
vlogger fair at Kansas City some like
door where vloggers are yeah why should
people go to vlogger fair what games do
you play at vlogger fair how do you play
that game
Scrabble Oh Caleb what kind of games are
there at vlogger fair I made up so you
get your tripod and alright so it's
official we are going to vlogger fair
and we are really excited to go and
participate I remember last year
watching the videos do you remember we
hadn't started vlogging yet and it was
so fun to see the community and the
atmosphere and so to get to go and to
meet everyone there and to meet everyone
who watches vlogs thanks are real like
we're gonna see these people in person
and disclaimer the things that were said
by our children may or may not be true
about water fairy thanks for watchin wow
take Jay house out so we have told you
we're going to VidCon and we're really
excited about it and what we're there we
are going to be rooming
where
