so we have told you we're going to
VidCon and we're really excited about it
and while we're there we are going to be
rooming with right so we came out to a
town outside of Kansas City today to
tour the fire station together
she'll be fun
/ v - things on there
yes
and now I wish you really like
come on
perfect I'll be right here you can give
him my dear what
I wasn't b5 high when I got to do oh
yeah you'd be a good firefighter well we
finished up at the fire station and that
was awesome it was just the kids had a
great time and now we're headed with
some friends to a park that's across the
street it's not super sunny out but at
least it's not hot funk inside hey all
right
Caleb's waking up from his nap what do
you say hey you okay Laura so I just had
the sweetest experience in my bedroom
with this little girl she and I were
laying on the bed I just changed her
diaper and we were just cuddling and
then I took her socks from off of her
feet and I put one on my hand and one on
her hand and I introduced her to the
concept of sock puppets she was
squealing and giggling and it was so
adorable and there was this little piece
of you in the back of my mind that was
like oh I need to go grab the camera and
then I just stopped and I was like you
know what I don't need to grab the
camera like knowing when to keep the
camera off and when to turn the camera
on is such a delicate balance in our
modern world and that moment and that
memory it's just mine and I'm going to
treasure that like it was just a really
sweet moment so I'm grateful for the
moments I get to cherish my kids on and
off the camera oh well I found Caleb
Caleb what are you doing I said there's
one for me oh you found a snack in that
box yeah
how did you climb on top of that trash
can right there time right yeah and now
you want one of those Oh
hubby daddy's gonna be home with your
Darrin just a minute it is date night
tonight Kendra and I are getting ready
to go out and we were able to get the
best babysitter's in the universe
they're cousins Makayla and Allison that
was awesome are you giving gang signs
what's up what's up you guys excited
what's up
what baby season in the fall it's date
night this is a much-needed break we are
excited and every goodnight date night
starts at Walmart so we are going to go
run some errands at Walmart and then go
out to dinner so when we come to Walmart
or any store Kendra always wants us to
not grab a cart and I always want to
grab a cart and tonight to try to show
her my love I didn't grab a cart at all
but then the first thing she said is
that she wanted to get a watermelon and
I was like okay yeah but we got a card
which one oh I have no idea how do you
tell so I've heard hallo and I've heard
they have like a sunspot and B dollar in
color I think those are like sugar spots
right this little color but this one's
all over here I don't know if it matters
I don't know what I'm listening for it
hit or miss there we go the truth comes
out it's just like yeah who knows what
you're gonna get yeah it's just so sad
when you lose you're like oh I know
I'm glad we got the cart every good date
night includes a little quick trip to
Best Buy
right now Jeremy's trying to pick out a
what are these things called tripod
tripod I knew that with our new camera
we have a really cheap chintzy tripod
and I don't think it can even hold up
the cameras well and it broke if you saw
the outtakes it broke during our last
challenge and Jeremy was able to fix it
but we don't trust it to fold the
quality of a camera that we're putting
on it but kind of Express for our dinner
and the most exciting thing happened
it's true look at this guy's
we got Siamese twin fortune cookie
there's a May we're excited to see
what's in it hopefully it's not a sign
that we're gonna be having twins you
know
just shopping
all right
so we had to pick up Elise's new glasses
at Walmart before the glasses Center
closed but we didn't want to buy milk
before we went to dinner because you
can't like leave your milk in your car
so go into Walmart an hour at Target
it's a true story it's pretty efficient
we're efficient daters so the funniest
thing
everyone's like scoping out which line
has the shortest distance and no one's
really sure so people are like walking
back and forth between the aisles to see
and then once you are committed to one
you're always like checking to see which
line was actually faster am I the only
person that does it
I think everybody's doing that you're
the only person embarrassing your wife
by belonging at Target
well our aisle loss someone had a bunch
of gift cards totally unpredictable it
wasn't that bad but we lost so we're
headed home from our date I just had to
tell you guys earlier this afternoon
I went on a run and I just was just
feeling it and I just ran and I ran and
I ran and I ran for like two hours which
is really
and my legs are so sore now I'm already
feeling it I am nervous tomorrow I want
to build
that makes me nervous too so we just got
home and it surprised us was something
that we had to ask them to do again so
you guys could see they're excited to do
it again yeah okay
best babysitter's ever we did not ask
them to get them ready for bed and look
at these pajamas mmm
oh yeah so we have told you we're going
to VidCon and we're really excited about
it and while we're there we are going to
be rooming with we were talking like a
sneaky surprise oh it was it was perfect
it was perfect
all right well you can see why we're so
excited this is going to be an awesome
vacation don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other tree haha
there's our boxes alright you ready to
see what's inside
