alright Jeremy are you excited I'm so
excited
have you guys seen the pictures that we
posted of our boxes on Instagram there's
our boxes alright you ready to see
what's inside
guys the most exciting didn't happen I'm
so excited
look do you see that it's the toothbrush
it finally came back up I have plunged
and plunged and plunged this toilet and
it hasn't worked and I was just
literally getting kind of irritated to
be honest what happened is somebody
accidentally pooped in the clogged
toilet again
and so it was like disgusting and stinky
and I came in and it was not resolved
yet and anyway I literally said a prayer
as I was plunging I was like please
please I don't want to have to call a
plumber but this is getting ridiculous
like please just let this stupid
toothbrush come up and we anyway I
flushed the toilet and all the
disgustingness came down and then I
flushed it again and plunged again and
the toothbrush came back up I'm so
excited this means that we have a
functional toilet again I just have to
stick my hand down there and get that
which honestly doesn't sound too healing
at this moment but yogi your ring oh
I'll get wet you're real old now I do I
put a bag over my hand
there it is the toothbrush that caused
so much problems
you
what do you think you're doing
so I grew up in a super clean house and
I've always been like a pretty clean
person and I always thought to myself
I'm not going to be one of those moms
who lets her house fall apart which
obviously you know I've done but you
know you're at a low when you walk into
the kids bathroom and this is what you
find why why is there a half-eaten Apple
whore in my bathroom back and try to
remember that they're only little for a
short amount of time
and to savor these moments because
someday I'm going to miss finding dirty
apple cores in my background alright so
over the last six years I've changed so
many diapers and one of the things I've
done to make it more fun is to try to
shoot like amazing shots into the trash
can with the diaper so that trash cans
about 25 30 yards away I'm going to try
to shoot it backwards and see if I can
make it Wow
and even if I never make it it is so fun
to play with Isaac he's been catching
these and throwing them back so good I
think that the UPS truck is for me I've
been ordering a ton of stuff it just
might be
oh holy disappointment Batman it's not
for us okay guys this is the cutest
thing I have to show it to you so Jeremy
is currently filming a time-lapse video
of these peonies here they are
there's his phone all set up filming a
time-lapse video because he thinks that
they're going to close back up at night
they're not so anyway when he bought
them yesterday they were really cool
they were like balls like we should do a
time-lapse video of them blooming like
it was awesome to watch him bloom today
but for some reason he thinks that
because that was nighttime they're gonna
like close back up tonight which I don't
think it's going to happen so I think
it's so cute that he's filming a
time-lapse video of these flowers that
are just staying the same
they are beautiful though look at that
what do you think of the flowers Elise
you like him doing that well he's
filming the time-lapse because he thinks
it would be beautiful but he bought me
the flowers because he loves me and I am
thing oh love is spoken he Caleb just
prayed for help that he will stay in his
toddler bed are we gonna go get it
with you you want to come help me
okey-dokey we are transitioning Caleb to
a toddler bed we tried once before a
while ago and it really just didn't work
out but he's been begging and like
really interested in it and so we're
going to give it a try again and I think
it's gonna go better this time
Wow good can have your help having a
different aim miss Laura you've got a
roadblock oh my goodness
okay now go to bed oh there's a smile it
has to be my bed my toddler bed did it
used to be your table nice look very oh
good did it used to be your toddler bed
I think it was your toddler bed first
let's head down to the market boys and
buy it all they thought a treat so cold
is pleasing on a day so scorching hot so
I didn't have a chance to get ready
tonight until Jeremy got home and I know
what sometimes seems ridiculous to get
ready at that point of the day but
sometimes emotionally I just want to
like I just want to get my hair and my
makeup and just feel like a person and
so anyway Jeremy came home and I took a
shower and got ready and it felt really
nice but I am behind on doing my laundry
which I do my laundry separate from like
the kids and like the household laundry
and so like all of my shirts that I wear
are all dirty at least that's what I was
thinking so I'm getting out of the
shower thinking I have nothing to wear I
need to do my laundry and then I go into
the closet and this is the imperative
back and this is the embarrassing part
of the story I counted 36 shirts still
in my closet and yet I had a really hard
time finding something to wear like they
are all like either the wrong season or
like too dressy or they don't fit right
anymore or there's still some like
maternity ones in there and I'm just
like so embarrassed like I have 36
shirts that apparently are like in the
classification of my brain of like oh I
have nothing to wear like all my
favorite shirts are dirty so if all my
favorite shirts are dirty and I feel
like I have nothing to wear why don't I
just get rid of all 36 in those shirts
anyway how many shirts see you home do
you think I would have guessed that I
owned like 15 or 20 shirts but
apparently I own a lot more than that
like I don't need more than what like
wrong how many is a good amount of
shirts the need I
I need about two weeks of shirts so like
14 maybe 20 counting like dressier stuff
okay I'll stop rambling but alright
Jeremy are you excited I'm so excited
have you guys seen the pictures that we
posted of our boxes on Instagram and
there's our boxes all right you ready to
see what's inside all right
what are your guesses what do you think
what's in these boxes
here it is there it is
what is it Jeremy what is it it's a new
DSLR camera named that reference if you
know which video that came from which
vlog that's awesome and a rode
microphone this is the external mic that
we hook up on top of the camera you also
have the camera power and care bundle we
got a memory card I think this is the
box that I'm most excited about just
because I've seen DSLR cameras before
I've seen microphones before but I never
thought that we would own this Wow it's
actually like in a bag the bag already
alright you have to tell us what it is
then it's our big duffel so it's not
going to be all put together right now
so you can't even see what's in here
lots of stuff cardboard boxes it's like
I'll just tell you already it's light
it's the big old honkin lights oh wait
there's a light up above the singing
table and we turn it on it's brighter
now come sit by me my darling your tree
please come sit by me right now alright
dad note these what happens where we we
like took a break and now it's later we
didn't take a break on purpose Laura was
crying
so I had to go get it away then we got
this when it gets too late Kendra gets a
little loopy okay so we got all of this
mm-hmm
we're making a lot more videos for our
new channels what channels
we're so excited guys this has been in
the works for a really long time and
anyway I'm going to have my own channel
I'm going to have a mom channel it's
going to have home school stuff
parenting stuff mommy talk recipes book
reviews all the stuff I'm passionate
about that I have a hard time sharing in
just the format of our daily vlogs so
she gets questions and I mean specific
things all the time that would make a
lot more sense in the format of a mom
channel so I'm excited to do that that's
coming and then I am going to be doing a
launch analytic a NAND informative
videos you're laughing at me it's just
hard to picture a logical being
entertaining it's going fine to me it's
going to be really fun not some like
parody ideas and I could make fun of
attorneys just as good as anyone else
but it's going to be really fun and I'm
excited about it it's actually both of
these channels we've talked about when
we started YouTube this things we wanted
to do down the road and yeah we finally
feel like the time is right so don't
worry our daily vlog channel is gonna
stay just the same alright that's all
for tonight Jay how's that hmm
do you have any guesses about what the
channel names might be say something
funny Jay house outer Lisa this moment
out
good night dear Sam
