all right so this was our first year of
homeschooling and we really enjoyed it
and I'm sure that things will like
evolve and change over time but what we
decided on this year was to just follow
our local school districts schedule so
today is their last day of school so
today is our last day of school I do
believe in your long learning and I
totally understand the importance of
like maintaining those basics and we are
going to do a ton of that but I also
could feel that our family needed a
break like we just needed a change of
routine and so I decided to formally end
this year I wanted to give all the kids
that like sense of accomplishment of
like finishing something and looking
back at all that they had done this year
and then we're going to take about a
week off is my plan and then you'll
start seeing lots of educational summer
activities creeping into their daytime
routines so these two are finishing up
their calendar notebooks I think is
working on analyzing all of his data
he's got his graphs over there so one of
the things that even having the kids do
all year is they write their name at the
beginning of each month so we can see
how it's progressed over time so I
wanted to show you guys so here's how
you Lise first wrote her name back in
August and here's how he Lise wrote her
name in May Isaac has also been writing
his name each month
here's his from back in August and
there's his signature in May and April
for taking everything out are you done
Hey
Hey I don't want to roll me helping a
mummy so Elise came over and asked me to
roll her up there she is why did you
want to be rolled up because I wanted to
be like a big Oh cami you want me to
carry you yeah you might have to wait
till daddy yeah you just want to hang
out here till daddy gets home yeah
All Right see you later hi so Jeremy
bought some fun purchases recently from
Amazon so we've been getting some great
deliveries it's all a youtube related
stuff um stuff for some of the I don't
know surprises we have a head you still
there and laying friend dad he might not
be home for a couple hours
one lane here for a couple hours what
are you gonna do I am doing my last day
Oh your last day of toddler school let's
see it what letter is that he see what
sound does C make it sometimes makes
that sound it also says how did he know
that that C sometimes made it Sam how
does he know that I don't know you must
be a genius are you a genius cool beans
Wayne is ready to get Laura so she can
show me you want me to go get maybe
Laura is awake are you two playing
together hey Caleb so Caleb wanted to
get in Laura's bed with her when she
woke up and Laura was like all smiles
without seeing him on the blanket that
she has sure here's a blanket for you
sing now you can both have a blanket why
are you your blanket what happened I
came out why'd you decide to come out
because it was taking too long
doing at the library good call Caleb we
are getting ready to go where is your
shirt where's your underwear I'm right
here why'd you take your underwear off
believe you prefer to just wear your
pants with no underwear yeah that's
called going commando and we're not
doing that watches it this can be my
shirt if you pull it up high enough you
think that can be your shirt
yeah no that's not how that works what
about your shoulders with potty training
I feel like there's always like some
regression that happens at different
times I think it's usually the point
where I get comfortable and confident
and I'm like oh he's potty trained and I
forget that he still needs a lot of
supervision and so yeah we've had some
accidents today which is always fun you
registering for the summer reading
program okay
you excited what do you get if you would
listen to a bunch of books ah that was
surprises over there there's surprises
over there oh of course you do here's
your last day of school last day
interview last day of kindergarten can
you fill out those answers for me so we
can look back and remember you all right
so Isaac when he grows up he wants to be
an author or a police officer and I love
this what's your favorite thing to do
with your friends have birthday parties
when Elise grows up she wants to be a
true princess we are going to recognize
you guys and all the hard work that you
have done this year okay love come on
all right we your daddy and I made these
pieces of paper and they tell us about
things that you learned and did this
year can you pick one out we'll see what
you did I sure you can close your eyes
it says you learned how to write your
name you went on 24 field trips and
visited six States you read 128 chapter
books you learned how to count to 15 one
two three four five Oh
skip joke he can do it he knows how to
count to 15 says Elise you are so honest
and thoughtful you are such a good
friend we love how you use your words to
share your feelings I think you have
matured and understanding and
controlling your responses to difficult
emotions you're using your words and
acting like such a big boy you are an
incredible big sister you help feed and
play with aura all the time and we
really appreciate that you're also very
fine to Caleb so Wallace others and make
such good friends this year you were
trying and thoughtful and funny and fun
you
all right Caleb I've got something
special to give you e what do you think
it could be don't get it uh done done
congratulations on finishing
kindergarten so our kids are obsessed
with birthdays and blowing out candles
and we thought about what would make
them most happy and so even though this
is kind of cheesy and ridiculous we knew
it would make them happy so we're doing
it for them
it sounds birthday nope it's the last
day of school helping me last year pre-k
to you happy last day kindergarten to
you happy last day
ah happy last day of school to you these
are gonna trick
candle blowing will be added to next
year's homeschool curriculum we blow on
it sorry I'm proficient at this job
duties get ready go pick up one more
time ready 1 2 3 then did Caleb just see
the candle it appears so great this
earth AJ house
you
