this is a good way to start the morning
Oh
so at least listen yeah and Laura was
kissing me and then kissing Ely and then
kissing me and then kiss Neely's it was
so cute oh man I missed out on the
kissing fist
um Caleb what's in the toilet a baby
doll or baby I was supposed to go in the
toilet
no who put it there Gloria Oh Laura did
not me I think it's actually true I fell
more in here earlier today and the lid
was down and I grabbed her and took her
out she must have kept there is her
offering I think the baby had to go
potty
the big problem is that this is our
toilet that because of Caleb's
toothbrush flushing down that still
doesn't work really well so we might
have to bury oh no this might be the end
of the baby was I did you do this your
little kiss
that was my dog hey guys it is field
trip day and today we are at the
Overland Park Arboretum and we're really
excited because it is free day so we get
to get in for free we've never been here
before but we're excited I hear they
have a Monet garden and a beautiful lake
so should be a fun one
yeah we get to meet up with our friend
friends make every field trip better
those are ginormous fishies whoa
guys why do you think it's called lambs
here
does it really let's feel it let us
really suck it so soft soft I wish I had
a dress out of it you wish you had a
dress out of it somebody got out of the
stroller I finally let her out of the
stroller she's having fun oh you don't
need a binky either your big girl okay
bye
you have fun with me see
look it's a beautiful sculpture can you
pose like that sculpture here's another
one Lisa show it to me alright so this
is a sculpture of Claude Monet painting
that famous picture do you guys see the
famous picture and look this way do you
see what he was looking at Laura likes
to be out of the stroller and running
around we have to watch you real close
huh but this is garden no his garden is
in France but they made like a replica
of it like what it looked like here ya
go
when did he die that's a good question
alright so we googled it and apparently
Claude Monet died in 1926 what do you
think of that oh he died he died did he
die in France he lives in garden friends
yeah thank you Google sure come right
here okay I go to the garden and France
oh I wish bud I'll be awesome
someday all right Isaac what did you say
after book talking about Claude it does
and that's the same Claude Monet garden
we just went to yeah how cool is that
and anything cooler is not in a book
about Claude Monet or about garden he
must be just a really famous person can
we decided to hit up a new park that is
down near they Arboretum and this is
called Antioch Park it's beautiful kind
of chilly out huh yeah that's why
you want to sit in the sunshine
yeah you are such an adventure
napkin turn around
she likes to turn around so we're
loading up to go to service club and the
kids were getting in the car ahead of me
and I'm like getting ready and coming
down and I can hear like you know some
squabbling happening any lease comes up
the stairs all irritated and I'm like
what happened and she's like Isaac was
teasing me and I was teasing Isaac and
then Isaac farted in my face and I do
not love Isaac's fart smells maybe less
so they're arguing because they don't
like each other's fart smells it's a
legitimate concern
yeah hey guys we are going to service
project look Caleb's asleep
Oh Vicki the policy yeah and he's not
supposed to uh uh oh I'm Laura doing it
Laura Lee
yeah he is right alright so for service
club this afternoon we are assembling
little kits to be able to give out to
people that are in need and so
everybody's bringing a different item
and bringing 12 of them and then we're
going to divide them into the kits so
our item is lotion
seven eight
and in a monkey on a horse upside down
doing a handstand thanks Ted what
happened
that's amazing why are you scared
then I'm not scared
Bert is that a burp Josh I see you okay
buddy I love you good night all right so
I didn't get a chance to really fully
describe to you guys what we were doing
at our service club and I haven't
explained it to Jeremy yet either so I
thought I'd kill two birds with one
stone
yeah um so service club we thank you
we have been doing service club for I
think this is our second going into our
third year of service club it's
something that I organized when we
started it with some friends and we meet
together at least once a month to do
some sort of family-oriented service
projects sometimes there are bigger
projects that we go out and serve in the
community in places and sometimes it's
just out of our homes like small and
simpler things and that's what today was
we actually have a whole playlist of
different service things we've done and
I'll put an eye card to it so you can
check those out it's fun because
initially before we started service Club
I kind of thought how in the world you
serve with such small kids but getting
together with my friends and kind of
brainstorming all together with other
moms that were wanting to try to find
those opportunities for their kids we've
found some really fun stuff to do all
right so what we did today was we
together and assemble these bags and
these are bags that you can keep on hand
like in your car and so when you see
someone on the side of the road or when
you're out and about that clearly needs
help and you want to be able to give
something to them you have something to
give them I know I always want to be
able to give some money but nowadays
honestly they don't carry cash well I'm
really excited about these what do we
call me what you call the bags homeless
bad common bomb bags the name for this
there's probably an official name
somewhere on the interwebs there we need
to come up with a good name for this
it's bags for the homeless okay anyway I
love this idea
I can't wait to use it I love that
Kendra organized the service club and
that it's something our kids get to do
every month but it just makes me happen
and so thanks for doing like I really
appreciate it yeah anyway
J house out good night
