well hey my family huh where J house
vlogs my house all right so this morning
I decided to show the kids the samovar
anyway thank you so much Sam and Jenica
we really appreciate you including us on
your channel it meant a lot to us and
the kids had a ton of fun with it
Nora you eaten breakfast yeah all right
so the kids are talking about marriage I
think I'm gonna marry like a boy
stranger or if he's gonna find me and I
agree with marrying him to maybe change
it how are you going to meet the
stranger that you're gonna marry we
would say we could I could say my name
he would say his name and we could go on
a date together
first what should you do on your date go
get ice cream how are you gonna know if
he's the right one for you to marry oh I
guess I choose fast
when I I think I'm in juicing yeah okay
we'll talk about that over the years
just always weekend
Isaac's tonight because I just like I
feel like I'm in true love with him yeah
you like it okay well we haven't
explained to you the laws that are
related to that concept but I love Isaac
- I'm in true love with Isaac - he's
awesome what do you think Isaac
in my release no you can't marry someone
here oh okay you know that you just love
him yeah you love it
we always play house together and then
peaceful day okay
well we'll have many years to continue
talking about the decision of marriage
come on man come on yeah she just scales
those stairs down she just flies on down
what's going on down here
oh we ever been uh putting on dresses
buffie bop bop now you guys are fine you
have been turned into a frog by a primo
princess fairy hey ribbit ribbit are you
so happy
well bit messy so this just
progressively got Messier and Messier
now did indeed she's so mad this morning
before Jeremy left for work we got on
line to buy our plane tickets to go to
VidCon and we got it all selected
through Travelocity and then they
rejected our credit card and we're like
white and so we tried our debit card and
they rejected that too
so we called our credit card company and
they're like there's no hold on your
account like we don't know what's going
on and they said check your bank account
so we checked our bank account and
everything was fine there then we log on
to our email and an Amazon order that
was supposed to be shipping to us had
gotten cancelled because of our credit
card being rejected we're like what is
going on so we spent like over two hours
this morning both of us on different
phone calls with Travelocity with Amazon
with our credit card and these are not
phone calls you can just call and be
like oh hey Amazon how's it going so of
course we were waiting on hold forever
so we just like turned a movie on for
the kids and it just was like mass chaos
all morning we ended up getting things
figured out it was an error on Amazon's
part and an error on Travelocity sparked
but because they were both with our
credit card we thought it was our credit
card and so everything got fixed up
fixed like they're actually expediting
the shipment to us so we should get that
really soon and we were able to get the
plane tickets before the prices went up
so it all works out ok it's just been
like a weird day like I just feel like
it's off so I'm looking forward to a
much
relaxing evening we're excited to go to
Elise's ballet recital and I'm going to
run tonight and fold some laundry and
respond to some comments you guys
there's so much comment loved from
yesterday so thanks so much for that ok
that's all for now bye this is so
excited she doesn't normally wear makeup
but this is her ballet concert yep
excited alright what do you think yeah
this is sparkle yeah
the ballerina ballerina girl where we
headed la la we for me are you excited
that's okay we all have those shy
feelings sometimes you're going to do
great at your performance just start
addressed amplifying it on it go ahead
you guys today we're at the end of the
season already I can't believe it
where I kept trying to dance with the
other ballerinas
so we're sitting here talking and our
dishwasher is just like beeping it just
beeps if you open it wait wait I have a
good story to do do you guys want a good
I ain't doing I want every night at our
house at 10:07 and alarm goes off and
it's on what is that thing called whoa
go show em go show we had a docking
station and like a sound system and
every night at 10:07 the alarm on it
goes off because Caleb said this stupid
alarm and so every night guru and I go
help it's 10:07 p.m. and we go over and
II turn it off but we don't know how to
unset the alarm so every night we just
turn it off it's like it's funny I sure
that I could unset the alarm I think
we've had to do this before cuz caleb
has done this before it's we're just
always really busy at 10:07
we're like finishing the vlog or you
know but we actually are really busy at
that time it is a busy time and our
dishwasher beeps apparently I'm having
sensory issues stop it with all the
beeping so are we alone in this do it
have any of you ever had that where
there is a random alarm that goes off
all the time at awkward other button or
feature that's like stuck that way like
my kids always get a hold of my phone
and they change some settings like
recently they changed it so instead of
seeing the clock on the front of the
phone I see the music play button and
it's just that's a whole separate vlog
we could do a whole vlog on things that
happen to our cellphones with these I'd
see Liv taking lots and lots of pictures
Laura recently somehow changed the bar
on our desktop computer like the windows
bar from having all the icons stuff at
the bottom to being on the top of our
computer alrighty well that's it for us
tonight
and yeah one night don't be touchy
