we're filming another challenge video
today we were tagged by like his jamesha
to do the try not to laugh challenge and
I'm really excited about this one I
think it's gonna be fun
so jamesha recently watched every single
one of our vlogs we really appreciate
that you guys should go check her out
she's awesome
get your cheeks as full as can be on
your mark get set the kids vs. dad
Isaac's warming up it's really hard when
you're two three please focus become me
guess what no water came out did you
drink the water cup that's a good tactic
just drink water it won't come out
you guys ready to try to make him laugh
alright ready
go hey chicken okay cubby what do you
got try to be funny
ah damn it
the kids are having no success I'm gonna
have to go in there all right now it's
Jeremy versus Kendra so this is where
the competition gets serious from what
I've seen so far of the preliminary
rounds I think I've got this in the bag
like Jeremy puts the water in his mouth
and he's done for on your mark get set
I've been carrying around a banana in my
pocket all this money as a secret weapon
we've been talking about it and now it
was mark
hey little bit and we'll use on in my
bag you got in my head
wish me luck guys I definitely swallowed
too much water with the kids like I
already feel like I'm drowning there's
something not right funny you love
mocking Lembeck you
thank you
cumbersome I need to change tactics this
clearly isn't working he knew better
than to spray me in the face yeah can
you dinner makeup this world I'm not
alright miss Laura have you sold that
strong face you guys ready to make Isaac
laugh knock knock interrupting chicken
alright get set go what's so funny Isaac
oh no it's just like right when I drink
you are I just like start laughing
drinking water makes everywhere our
funny water there we go let's try a
little slapstick humor the banana thing
was really funny but I think we can do
more than that okay on your mark get set
go
I don't know how it's a guitar Becky
she's joking that's what happened to me
you think which role did it go down
alright I think this is the final one
right last round last round I don't know
if I have anything or anything funny to
say
ah I'm gonna go for the element of
surprise ready I planned that all right
well that is the try not to laugh
challenge we're pretty bad at this game
we challenged Matt and M the bells plus
one and a and J vlogs if you want to see
funny outtakes from our challenge today
make sure to go to our Facebook page
if you missed yesterday's vlog about the
tornado and church debacle I'd encourage
you to check it out it's one of my new
favorites yeah okay so the tornado siren
just went off we're grabbing the kids
Elise Elise Elise
joon-ha
