okay so the tornado siren just went off
we're grabbing the kids Elise Elise
Elise
joon-ha are good
we are where we go when we hear the
tornado siren we take that very
seriously
we immediately come down into the
basement we've grabbed each of the kids
and we're all down here so one of the
most precious parts to me that I think
I'll always remember about being down
here was that Kendra said a prayer and
that was the least that reminded us to
do that first thing and I was so
grateful for her remembering to how this
do that and before she finished the
prayer Isaac interjected and said and
please bless all of our friends and our
neighbors that they'll be safe okay and
family it's been about 15 minutes since
this everyone went off and I'm going to
see if we can still hear this siren
so they're still thunder and lightning
but the tornado part of the storm has
passed
we are safe for which we are very
grateful we are also sitting here at
12:30 a.m. with all four of our kids Oh
eight church starts at nine o'clock we
need to be in the car driving away
around 8:50 to get there before it
starts
8:55 is really pushing it it is
currently 829 Isaac's asleep three kids
are eating breakfast Jeremy's not
dressed or showered and you can see me
right here I think they can make it a
shower
oh you showered yeah that's you post
shower who thinks we can make it what
put in your beds ready set go
but we gotta get ready for church yes he
is just in his underwear playing in our
backyard Caleb come on buddy it's church
time come on
okay you got it up now come on come on
bud
it's time for church we gotta get your
clothes on come on one down three to go
I think you've got to be very luckily he
can dress himself where did all the she
was carrying him around just a second
ago
oh she put him in the closet for sure
Kaylee's straight for me dear well we're
just gonna curl the front and slipping
out we don't have time to curl the whole
thing it will look beautiful
we're doing the best we can okay be
careful oh you'll not burn your ear it's
a legitimate request okay it is all
going under you need to go brush your
teeth
find your shoes and find your glasses
ready shoes glasses teeth don't like
that come on come on there we go
time to get my makeup on time awareness
moment is 846
yeah like two minutes reading a dress
that's dope ah I just missed it my
mascara
oh well I'm sure it's still good enough
I got a little streak up there it's the
cat look don't get the kids in my god
okay you know there's like an eyeliner
crap damage control out in the kitchen
just putting the cream cheese away make
sure that doesn't go by that any fifty
right now let's get in the car no looks
like the lights were left on in the van
I'm not sure if the car is even gonna
start the door wouldn't open the sliding
door wouldn't open
I wonder if our battery's dead okay so
there's still a light on in here so I'm
hoping it works completely dead the van
will not turn on we cannot fit all of
our family in this one so I'm gonna have
to do jumper cables
the bottle
we have work
so one time when I was in high school I
was doing the jumper cables and I
actually started a fire with the cables
I did it wrong anyway Jeremy why does it
smell like fire in here
I just put it down we got to go we got
to go
all right guys we are pulling out of the
driveway and it is 903 we lost we did we
lost the game you can think that we're
just lazy bums but we weren't really
hard to get there at 9:10 every Sunday
but we didn't plan for the battery
debacle which by the way Jeremy when you
were pulling the little car out I
noticed the trunk was open did you
accidentally pop the jib I popped the
truck when I was trained to puppet it it
happens it happens
anywho our house literally looks like a
tornado hit it I don't know if I've ever
seen it look like such a disaster zone
so we're gonna be cleaning that up this
afternoon we're also going to go just
enjoy church and enjoy some family time
together so this will be it for today
you guys have a good Monday J house out
check us out all right so we told you
guys a few days ago that we had some big
news coming and more things have gotten
finalized so we can share another piece
of the excitement that's going on behind
the scenes of our vlog we are officially
