all right so we told you guys a few days
ago that we had some big news coming and
more things have gotten finalized so we
can share another piece of the
excitement that's going on behind the
scenes of our vlog we are officially so
one important tip before you ever mow a
lawn you want to go through and make
sure that there's no balls or big sticks
or debris good thing I caught that
before mowing
you're gonna cut it open it break
very strong you're gonna break it cut
Rick it comes whoa almost you almost got
it
thanks for helping you guys alright well
Jeremy and I just finished taking turns
mowing the lawn he did all the like edge
work and all the like awkward spots and
then he left the spot for me where I
just go like back and forth and I love
that as I was watching him out the
kitchen window I like watched him mowing
and going in these awkward spaces and
you know it's hot out here and he's all
sweaty and he spent his morning like
clearing away the steaks and helping
with the kids and I just was thinking
about love and how love changes through
the seasons of life and how in the
chapter of my life that I'm in right now
love looks like helping with the kids
and mowing the lawn and being there for
me when I'm having a hard day and I need
to remember that love just looks
different in different chapters like
it's not always going to look like this
you know candlelit dinners and you know
twitterpated happiness like in some
stages it's the fact that they're there
and that they're listening and that
they're helping and anyway I just really
love Jeremy I was really grateful for
his service for our family today and for
his service every day he gives
everything to our family and I'm so
grateful for him I got a good one don't
edit that out Jeremy alright so it's
quiet time and one of the things we
started doing what caleb is telling him
to listen to his body caleb is it quiet
time is your body tired listen to your
body what is your body want to do you
listen to it say it was - oh did it tell
you that okay you go read books watch is
that the one your body wants great okay
call you
for filled-out verbs guess so you go
learn about verbs hey fine I wish I was
you wish you were a verb
don't we all Laura what are you playing
with big girl
and lovin Italy's
Laurie you want to dance Laurie you
gonna dance too she's dancing
yeah all right so we're headed to the
park this evening with some friends
we're going to eat pizza there it's
going to be great because we don't have
to clean up a mess for dinner tonight
in other news we're meeting up with
these friends because they are the
friends that I'm doing our summer camp
with this summer so we would this be our
third year in a row that we've done it
and the moms get together and we plan
the whole week of events and then kind
of divide up what we're in charge of and
we do it in a picnic at the park so that
the dads can play with the kids did you
know that did you know you have to watch
the kids I just think that there'd be
pizza everything I mean you get to watch
the kids yes awesome okay and I noticed
as we were driving away that I am
ringless look at that I took off my ring
because I was out to mowing the lawn and
I came in and it was hurting and look I
got a big old blister because can you
see it
there it is big old blister because I
should have taken my ring off before I
go come on but I always forget so I took
it off and now there's that blister
there and so I'm
single at the park it's still pretty
obviously everywhere it's true when
you've been married that long so I
actually remembered my ring but you can
see there we are
fingers got fatter I think just like 10
years of like the indentation of the
ring it's just it's there no matter what
you see the Marquise wants to go to the
top home look at her head slide on a
good like straight yet is it so fast
okay go do it again
so this Park has some intense slides
thus the warning sign I love that
so here we are at the park and all some
like a wind is picking up and we just
finished dinner the kids are playing and
check this out
look at that hopefully we have C Drive
yeah well it started raining
you got a wet how'd you get all wet
that's right the good news is I saved
the pizza oh yes that's all that matters
it is
so I think we might be getting a little
bit of right yeah so it was still pretty
sunny out and all of a sudden we saw
some dark clouds and then like the big
raindrops started coming down and Jeremy
ran with the oh boy and Caleb so he ran
with Lauren Caleb to the car and before
the real good way he did good jobs Isaac
and at least we're under the picnic
table awning with me and so they like
held hands and ran across and now we're
going to head home did you guys have fun
at the park
oh did our time gets cut short so our
time did get cut short as the Rings so
kind of a bummer so it's been three
minutes since I last picked up the
camera and now we are back to no rain
guys it's crazy
I mean what how what so it's not raining
it's just blue skies like we were just
in the eye it's crazy
yay misery so I call this our Missouri
or Kansas City bipolar weather system
it's crazy all right miss Elise is ready
for bed and mr. Isaac is ready for bed
and mr. Caleb you comes up my nap
come here you okay
so we are reading another chapter of our
next read aloud we finished pieces in
Ramona
wait Caleb I'm trying to show them and
the one that we're reading next is this
one Stuart Little
by EB White so we started it last night
we got a couple chapters in so we're
gonna read a couple more chapters before
bedtime hold it for you okay let's read
it we're just evading here waiting for
Jeremy do I already press the record
button here oh this is an anesthesia
song Prince by the way it's mean more
happier than anything I didn't have any
idea what it is everybody knows I never
know what songs are even songs anyway
right so we told you guys a few days ago
that we had some big news coming and
more things have gotten finalized so we
can share another piece of the
excitement that's going on behind the
scenes of our vlog we are officially
going to VidCon I was so excited we did
not think that VidCon was gonna happen
this year it's true and then all of a
sudden things just started falling into
place and we have a babysitter lined up
and we bought our tickets and we have
our accommodations already all paid for
and it's happening like we're going to
VidCon ah what's crazy for me is we
started our first vlog on September of
last year and before we started vlogging
I remember watching all of the videos
because we're watching all the family
vloggers that so yeah we had just gotten
into it we had just found family
vlogging and we're going to be going and
meeting all those people like it's crazy
I'm really excited we're really excited
to meet some of the people we've been
watching all year and hopefully it to
get to meet some of you guys so if
you're going to VidCon if you've been to
VidCon please let us know we would
really love to meet you yeah and same
thing too we said before we're going to
vlogger fair as well and so if you're
going to that let us know we would love
to meet up with people and if you
haven't bought your ticket set to vlog
refer make sure to use our promo code so
that you can get the 15% off it's J
house vlogs we'd love to have you do
that so I hope you guys are having a
great weekend and we are excited VidCon
here we come alright J house ow wait
guys we thought we were done
but we're not so today's vlog we ended
up cutting a few scenes that are kind of
priceless and so we were sad we don't
know what to do with them but they
didn't really work with the vlog so we
it happens like every day so we decided
we are going to put it on Facebook which
is J house vlogs our Facebook page as an
outtake and so if you want to see an
extra clip of I'll give you a hint it's
Caleb an extra hint of Caleb awesomeness
I think I might include some of the
outtakes of your awesome yes there are
some gems there will be no Kendra
outtake there will be no unauthorized
Kendra that's where a Facebook page and
you can see some outtakes will serve my
up more regularly okay fine check it out
now really J house out
