our tree just fell down our tree just
all right so my diet that weigh-in is
today and I'm getting close to losing 20
pounds from when I started four or five
months ago oh now here comes the
out-of-shape
a cheese I always get all itchy when I'm
out of shape and I go exercise it's the
worst whoa
she was a trooper ready awesome through
the whole thing my little running buddy
uh-uh
dad's gonna be sore huh uh-oh morning
guys so we just finished filming a
challenge that's gonna go up on Monday I
think this is your only clue oh it was a
funny one I'm like crying from laughing
what are you up to yay house ow what
it's not even nighttime yet you can't
jails out of it
like a storms coming in
it's hailing guys it's hailing
can you see it
our tree just fell down yeah our tree
just found their little yard oh my gosh
oh my gosh you know it did not hit our
house oh did you guys see that it's okay
I think it's okay well good fallin hit
our house
okay so we're all snuggled up on the bed
but I think the kids are a little bit
worried about this storm what are you
thinking Isaac a tree might fall down be
at one time my friend Hayden he he
updated the tree fell down on your house
on the kitchen big storms they can be
pretty intense oh you okay they see
you're fine you're fine look how nice
and warm we are the rain is really
coming up down out there though and it
was not what was happening it's not safe
outside right now but we're inside
that's what happened if a thunder hit
the top of our house
well thunder is just the sound of
lightning but if lightning strikes a
house lots of different things can
happen it's really loud
I had a friend whose house was hit by
lightning when I was in high school and
it just like crack their chimney hey
guys you guys want to read a book and
play a game distract ourselves yeah it's
gonna be a right big guy bad we have
calm down we're just snuggling on the
bed and today we are going to finish up
another one of our read Aloud's we've
been reading Beezus and Ramona did you
guys read that as a kid I read it as a
kid and so it's been super fun to read
it with these kiddos I have four loads
of laundry to fold why do I let this
pile up time to get to it
so it was about an hour ago when those
dark clouds started moving in and you
could hear the thunder and the hail
started and as I saw that storm coming
in I thought oh great like the rest of
the day is gonna be rainy and I was
thinking about how I won't be able to go
running and we're not gonna be able to
mow the lawn and I was just thinking
about how the the rain and the dark
clouds in the storm at that moment it
felt like it was going to stay a while
and I just remember feeling a little bit
discouraged and like oh great we're
gonna have to change our plans and now
it's funny how it's an hour later and
look at these beautiful skies and you
guys hear those birds and I just been
thinking about how often my life is like
that and I'm in a trial or something
that's irritating me and in that moment
I can't see past that trial I I don't
see it as a momentary thing I see it as
this like long-term thing and I forget
about how quickly phases in life pass
and how quickly life changes I just need
to remember to see that this is a storm
and storms pass and to do the best I can
to look for the sunshine because it's
coming around the corner and sorry those
are kind of cheesy thoughts but that's
what I was thinking and I'm grateful for
this sunshine and for the storm and for
the reminder that the sunshine and the
storm are of the beauty in life and that
phases and life change and to hold on to
the beauty and to seek the beauty
because it's there and I needed that
reminder in my life today so thanks for
letting me share that with you either
did you see our tree I fell down but you
can build your house on on top but we
can't put glue on the grass and it can
stick wait what do you want to do put it
back that how are we gonna put it back
up put glue on the bottom oh who could
do that job that sounds like a big job
Oh pop back home papa hood what kinds of
tools do you think he might need I could
happen
can't kill with you for ten tools you
could help him
yeah I'm Anika no alibi how can I say no
to that face the funniest thing just
happened guys I just have to tell you
about it so mr. Caleb just had the
longest fluffer in the world just in
case you know fluffer is what our family
calls for farting it's just a nicer word
to say anyway so Caleb just fluff 'red
the biggest fluffer in the world and
then he started cracking up laughing and
I looked over to my sake Caleb and he
said what mom it was a fluffer storm not
a thunderstorm that was such a clever
thing to say you say the funniest things
oh oh did I just hear another fluffer
storm startin hey storm that's the worst
tightest time I can imagine I thought
that he said fluffer store oh you
thought he had lovers store I would
never go to a place called a fluffer
store would you go to a place called a
fluffer store okay like would you go to
a fluffer store uh I'd have to wear like
a gas mask
now you what are you doing are you
bellowing what animal bellows koala
bears and what does a bellow sound like
so apparently a bellow is the sound of
like a snore with a burp on the end and
we've been learning about koalas today
and so we've all been bellowing oh but
comments below try to do hey Elise wants
you to try bellowing and let us know
what you think of it in the comments
below we need to look up on like YouTube
or something what a koala really sounds
like you guys try to tell us in the
comments below
this is a moment I do not get sick of I
love snuggling with Laura and feeding
her when she wakes up and yes Lisi is
usually right here with us
yeah what are you guys doing are you
guys laughing have I mentioned recently
why I enjoy having our kids close
together in age it is a lot of work some
days but it all is also beautiful what
are you guys doing you're doing a meet
bye
I went running again tonight it felt
awesome I did four miles and you know
what no matter how far I go the first
two miles is always miserable and then I
like get another like second wind and
then I can go a lot longer so it felt
really nice to go for miles and in other
news this man has fallen asleep
how many times while editing tonight - I
keep falling asleep so diet it's such a
dumb vlog it's boring I'm tired no I'm
just so sleep-deprived like months of
sleep deprivation adding outfits so I'm
officially calling the editing quits for
the night and we are going to put this
man to bed and make sure he gets some
sleep so I'm sorry the vlog won't be up
super early tomorrow like it usually is
thanks for understanding you guys I'm
sorry
Jake hops out he's already out yeah he's
asleep
you done
