good morning it is Thursday morning
which means swim lesson day and we have
a surprise again easier again when we
started so in less than several weeks
ago I asked him if he could come just
one of the times and see the progress
the kids are making and so we're excited
to happen with us today
we have one more week of swim lessons
after this one so you guys excited to
show daddy what you can do
how about you Laura your second same
again oh yeah oh yeah you're gonna video
SJ walking yeah what happened walking
yeah I can't leave Kevin normally does
this with all four of them alone she's a
superstar we got a little swim oh good
cuz we all put in just wonderful no it
surveillant the other one that I've been
pretty green was like a size three to
six month so I think
could be getting off goggle that yeah
Jeremy what you got there
we're borrowing a GoPro from one of our
friends
Jeremie is excited he's like a kid in a
candy store the new toy I really want to
get one
that was some lessons today across from
the pool my first track you did Oh Oh
sounds fun
well it was super fun to come in and see
the progress the kids have made this is
gonna be a really fun summer so Isaac
what are you guys playing in here
country so what did you do what's your
country OC z OC Jie awesome and what do
we know about your country that country
is a raven and a country animal in the
Jaguar
so who's the president of your country
me and well kind of you don't know
because now what shows are gonna happen
and with me and my stuffed animals but
I'm probably I need a president and a
vice president I don't know which one
are my cheese oh so it's you and your
stuffed animals that live in this
country yeah right here this side of the
room is your country
where's Isaac's country oh and this is
Isaac's country over here you want to
have a country - yeah yeah I was like
that oh where should we put your country
oh my all right
what so you want to do it with them it's
a nice seat is I'm the president
oh the person is because I'm the vice
president this is because I'm the vice
president alright guys sometimes the
evening schedule is kind of weird and
tonight I am going running right now the
breslav family is sitting down to eat
dinner but this was like the only window
that I could sneak out and I didn't want
to eat and then go run
so I'm gonna run and come back and
hopefully you still get to catch the
tail end of dinner but I just don't like
to run on a full stomach
so I'll be right back oh but I'm excited
to get my run in I have not been running
yet this week and somehow it's already
Thursday so I gotta go get my run on ok
I'm back for my run and I ran farther
than I have run in a very long time I
have no idea how far I ran I ran for
like 45 minutes and it felt good and I
just like I didn't keep track of how far
I was going I just like ran through the
neighborhoods and explored some of the
farther away streets and I just like
fought and just ran it felt awesome so
I'm going through right now the footage
from the GoPro and I think it turned out
really good it was fun to finally get to
use a GoPro how many of you out there
have one so what I'm working on right
now is I'm unclogging a toilet which is
awesome but it's not just any toilet
clog it's a toilet clog caused by a
toothbrush that Caleb flushed down the
toilet yes he is back at that again if
you guys remember back in Jerry was it
like September October ok back in
October Caleb went through a toilet
flushing toothbrushes phase and he
flushed a bunch of toothbrushes down the
toilet eventually we were able to get
the toothbrushes to come back up and
solve the clog but right now like one of
our toilets is just kind of out of
commission and one of the other kids
accidentally went in it so now we've got
like a double-whammy clogged toilet TMI
sorry they're recording we're on I don't
know if you can see me though let's not
raise your hand if you can see Jeremy oh
we also moved that word
anyway you guys see our laundry back
there I am NOT holding my laundry this
moment all right if being like Jeremy I
love playing games together and we don't
often took the time to do it so we are
doing it we used to though before we had
kids and we played every single night
all sorts of different games we play
card games board games we even play
gestures like the acting out like
charades game one on one that's kind of
random so what are your guesses favorite
games all right you guys have a great
weekend
Jay how's that good morning big girl
yeah you hate scratches here
