Isaac come here we have a surprise for
you we have a surprise for your button
good morning what do you see is it look
stay here
how can you get like
scratch was just outside our door wig
though
and I was making breakfast for Caleb and
she was just at the door like so I
decided to let her in hopefully our
neighbors are watching and they know
we're taking care of her
sorry we're stealing your cat we'll send
her home in about an hour
caleb is cracking me up he likes the cat
but he's a little bit nervous about her
still oh she got a good face with her
tail
there's her tail Gavi yeah she likes you
cubby
she likes you she just wants to get pet
bite you yeah well she won't poop in her
house
good morning big girl
yeah you Haiti scrunchies here don't
come play with Kitty with us Laura did
you find it kitty we have a kitty in
here huh oh go get it go get it
you
so we're heading out to the park and the
washer just finished and like the kids
already loaded up in the van and I was
like oh I'll just deal with that when I
get home and then I remembered the
laundry debacle from last weekend and
yeah I went up and moved the laundry to
the dryer and start with it so yeah it
just made me laugh to think of that what
are you doing back there in Europe for
the short oh no sir oh no sir you must
get in your seat you know you everybody
we always buckle in our seat belts get
in your seats okay Sookie sure mom what
did you just go eight all right so we
came out to the park with some friends
this morning we're having a good time
and I'm really grateful that I found
sunglasses in the car these are Jeremy's
sunglasses but I'm a sunglasses person
and I lost mine and I don't know where
they are I had a mr. day so anyway glad
I found Jeremy's and to have a great
time it's gorgeous out good work big guy
whoa can you go all the way around
all right Kingdom show me how you pump
so are you gonna jump down oh you got to
be super careful okay Wow good work
buddy boy
it's lunchtime mmm lunch what are you
having
all right very very we are going berry
picking tonight so I think Caleb thinks
these are actually called grateful
raspberries but he never just called
them raspberries he always tells them
grateful raspberries so we've been doing
our grateful raspberries and today I am
so grateful for the gorgeous weather
we're having
so I'm sitting here at the sink
hurriedly doing dishes Wow I'm telling
you Lise what letters and sounds to park
her cars on and then I run over here and
I play the next round with Isaac on
mastermind and then I go back while he's
thinking and I do some more dishes and
tell her another word and that's what
I'm doing right now and I just kind of
realized that's a little bit I don't
know I guess I'm multitasking all right
well I'm totally bummed the berry
picking did not happen today because it
rained now we're having dinner what are
we having guys roll one chute Susan
rolled you yummy soup what is this stuff
called it's called chicken Tuscan soup
hey I call this chicken noodle soup
because it has noodles damn chicken
that's a good description with them so
it says have noodles and chicken what's
these little ball noodles I think it's
called a teeny deep hostage
I don't know it's really yummy miss
Laura's eating it really well yeah
so Kendra went to the library and picked
up some fun books but she's reading this
one that is so funny I want to share it
with you guys you got to see this book
it is on the book with no pictures we
guys heard of it it's a recent hilarious
wish book oh are you sitting with us too
it probably seems boring and serious
except here's how books work everything
the words say the person reading the
book has to say my only friend in the
whole wide world isn't pickin boy and
also the kids are reading this book too
are the best kids ever in the history of
the entire world oh really
blind exactly got me Bobby Liberty baby
boo-boo Emma doing face
forgiveme thing so I just don't think
our kids can fully appreciate and
comprehend how awesome their mom is you
know I mean like she's reading them
these books she goes and she gets these
books and they don't even get it like
she's a rock star they have no idea what
he's trying to earn brownie points I
need some brownie points today you
should know the only baby in the real
Brandi boys is with real yeah it's true
mom got Isaac a bunch of books about so
we've got caring for your cat my pet cat
pet cats up close we are reading all
about how to properly take care of cats
how to pick a pet what kind of supplies
they need how much they cost
cat hair what did you learn by that if
you love
I know there's some bad news
I really want a pet yeah but your
process every year Americans spend more
and four billion dollars on cat food
no no so what's the problem too much
money so I think what you understood is
that each American has to pay that
that's how much a cat cost is four
billion dollars a year in cat food but
they mean if you take all the Americans
that have cats and you out of all that
money that's how much all Americans also
gathers not just one person
one more
did you like that he's doing such a good
job at you know deductive logic like
he's learning how to eliminate certain
options and break it down and he did
this all on his own all right it's
bedtime but this little girl is not
looking very tired to me you brushing my
hair you freshened daddy's hair thank
you Cubby's having a rough time you go
in there and he's not very happy about
it recording yes okay yes oh he's
getting to double-check we've done this
before where like want to say something
and then we say it all and it's amazing
and then we weren't working all right
this happened to me yesterday I like
talk to the camera and I didn't even
have the lens open it was like
completely shatters you know what
goldmember's in yesterday wasn't my day
remember anyway um guys thank you so
much for all of the guesses about what
our exciting news was that was really
fun to read you guys get really creative
we were very honored - anyway I just
wanted to put it out there right now I'm
not pregnant so sorry that was
definitely the highest guesses people
guess that the most which would be fun
but not right now some of you guess that
we're going to vlogger fair and that is
correct we are going to vlogger fair
we're really excited it's in Seattle and
a bunch of the big family bloggers go
and we're really excited about going
this will be our first year to go we're
really excited to meet a bunch of other
vloggers and to meet any of you guys
that are able to come yeah um if you do
want to get tickets you can get 15% off
by putting in J house vlogs on we'll put
the link below for you to take get that
if you want but what we were really
excited about yesterday what we were
talking about isn't that we were going
to vlog refer there's a bunch of other
things going on that we're finalizing
and still working out so so ironically
people guessed correctly but that's not
actually lowered anywhere else
throughout to make sense
we still have exciting things coming out
and as we finalize them we're gonna let
you know
still ironing out some details so it
might still be a couple days maybe
another week on some of this stuff but
it's coming and you may hope you guys
are having a good day thanks for coming
along for the ride yep do you have that
it's obvious why we like daddy to come
for field trips
