all right we are gonna do the egg
Russian Roulette challenge can you guys
talk about the Russian accent I've
sliced some wife cheat on you can still
talk in English not Japanese so we have
a bowl of eggs in here three of them are
hard-boiled and the rest are raw and
we're gonna pick one out and see if we
get a 1 or I weren't very good they're
not all right here we go
I'm gonna go for it seize it here we go
ready
Oh
Haley's Georgia ready
we got ready to do the egg challenge and
Caleb wasn't interested in doing it
which is totally fine but I had to ask
him about his opinion about it just to
see what he thought why don't you want
to do the egg challenge because I don't
like it gained on my body but I don't
want to get dirty I didn't want to try
another one
Oh nailed it my son is pretty messy
ready
Oh so Jeremy volunteered to get the rest
of the eggs and Isaac Annalise
volunteered to get him with him guys
ready one two no all right let's clean
this mess up you guys
that was the egg Roulette challenge we
challenge the multi bunch the full house
lining family for real can you see a
house out in Russian your lines yeah hey
Humber yes yeah dad are they gonna play
a little bit
yep and we're gonna take for Mother's
Day together this is the best day
Mother's Day Hey
