all right it's Mother's Day morning the
kids in there trying to get the house
all cleaned up get breakfast ready for
Kendra so that she can have a wonderful
day
good morning all right well we started
our day with a little case of Mother's
Day meets reality and that's because
Jeremy was being amazing and letting me
sleep in but I slept too late and so by
the time I woke up we are in our hurry
to get out the door for church on time
so I didn't get to enjoy the like cute
little breakfast that they made for me
and anyway I'm trying to have a positive
attitude and just remind myself that we
have the rest of the day to have a
wonderful Mother's Day and the real part
about Mother's Day isn't a day without
Tantrums or a day with like lush spa
treatment it's just a day to remember
how lucky I am to be a mother to these
little people and how grateful I am that
Jeremy's on my side in this beautiful
and sometimes stressful and ridiculous
adventure all of us cleaned up as you
know how much mommy loves that huh
Caleb thank you for getting ready for
church so nicely today
yeah all right so we're late to church
Mother's Day fail on my part it's
interesting I think on Mother's Day more
families relate to church than ever
before because the dads are in charge on
that day okay what happened then so they
were wrestling around on the ground and
Kayla whacked Isaac in the nose and the
mouth and we got blood everywhere
this is not how Mother's Day is supposed
to be going all right so our pulled pork
barbecue roast is coming along
wonderfully and one of the things Kendra
asked for was a jello cake you know how
much she loves those so I have my little
helpers up here and we're gonna be
making a jello cake Kendra is taking a
nap I'm trying to redeem myself from the
breakfast debacle of not waking her up
early enough so that she can eat it and
enjoy it
whoops so trying to get dinner done I
think everything's coming together like
all the food got done at the same time
and we're gonna give her her cards and
everything and do Mother's Day
this is really awesome dear mom happy
Mother's Day I love you I'm also excited
for your birthday which is coming up
soon I'm really happy for you about that
when I was writing this card I thought I
could start a book called Mother's Day
mysteries thanks for taking good care of
me especially when I got poison ivy love
Isaac okay oh goodness I love you mom
look at all this heart come over again
when you big hug I give you bigger
tell me about this picture and we're
playing in the grass oh it says mom and
he leaves me a parts on the oysters and
I see some stars and some hearts I do
oh thanks for being my girl oh you're
gonna get it for me okay you get it for
me oh you wanted to make a bunny yeah
but turned out to be a heart yeah I
really liked it look it says I love you
mom from Caleb did you write your name
good job high five
what's this a picture a month a monster
what kind of
monster a purple monster is it scary
are you happy he's happy but not a
little bit well thanks for the monster
big trick my big head I love you boy
okay
so Jeremy made an amazing meal we've got
salad cantaloupe rolls barbecue pork and
boiled potatoes no Hilary can you smile
for me okay wait let's try it one more
time ready smile you're a mess we're all
messy Nugent like she wants more food
but then you rose everything reduce one
cake you ready for the cake we gotta
wait for aunt Michelle and uncle print
took a moment for cake what are you guys
excited
yes our cousins are coming too yep and
we're gonna eat cake for Mother's Day
together this is the best day Mother's
Day Hey any thoughts Isaac I'm not gonna
say something I'm going to go yay but
my work it could poke my eyeball you
know what it's really good to be safe
with your forks at dinner so good call
there buddy
all right well our family our brother
and sister-in-law came over with their
kids for dessert tonight and it was so
fun to see everybody in visit and this
little girl was the life of the party
she was just prepping us all up can you
smile anyway the kids got to run around
and play outside which is awesome and
now it's starting to rain so we're
getting the kids ready for bed and we're
also going to do a Google hangout with
Jeremy's family so I'll be fun to see
everybody we're trying to get the kid
all ready for bed happy Mother's Day mom
where are you there you are this is all
I wanted for Mother's Day that and a
little bit of rain well you got that
yeah it's raining
well happy Mother's Day mom
J house out oh what's your mom's
favorite thing to do eat chocolate cake
what does it mean to be a mother
um to take care of your children
it's kind of hard work
