all right so this morning it is J house
home school on the go so here's
everything we need for our morning out
we are headed to a friend's house to do
school together today should be fun so
we're over at my friend's house and she
has the most beautiful house and she has
like a circle but the kids did not run
and run they're obviously very bored so
we're over at my friend Natalie's house
and this was her idea and I'm really
excited because it's making for a fun
morning so Oh looks like Laura wants to
join in we are gonna start by talking
about the states of matter do you guys
know what matter is oh yeah I know it Oh
states and here cancer goals
oh this is different but that's a really
one thing good because it doesn't change
shape oh let's try it I put it in here
let's see if it'll change shape yes
you got the sounds going on there what
are the three states of matter liquids
one of us solid and gas so now the kids
are practicing being the molecules solid
solid solid they're all stuck together
liquid there you go you've got a little
bit more room now be a gas go everywhere
molecules you guys gonna make you black
okay what do you think we need to do
next is a sharp oh my call Marlo Bluff
okay dump it in let's move the line
laughs fix it or you will you stir oh
yeah everybody will take a look thank
you
guys is it a solid or a liquid not out
so this is called a non-newtonian fluid
which means it's kind of like a liquid
and kind of like a solid whoa
here you try it can I check yes Mac it
see if it splashes does it splash no
ring
I think it's like definitely a solid Oh
all right likes to the black so I'm
editing the vlog and this boob flicks
stuff is that what you call it yeah what
it's a solid and a liquid and you can
I'm like so excited about this could we
yeah okay all right so my friend invited
us to stay for lunch we're having
macaroni and cheese and this awesome
fruit salad
does not look delicious anyway I brought
some fruit and then she had some fruit
and all of a sudden well BAM there was
fruit salad oh man I like Arizona
Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut
braska okay so we had lunch at my
friend's house but Laura got her clothes
completely messy with macaroni and
cheese so I ended up taking all her
clothes off of her changing her diaper
and just putting her in her car seat
with just her diaper on
anyway she fell asleep on the drive home
so I just had to transfer her to her
crib but she wasn't dressed so I took
her in my arms sleeping I went upstairs
I got clothes I dressed her in my arms
and she stayed asleep during all of that
and then I laid her down and I was like
yes like I nailed that like that was one
of those moments where I'm like all
right way to go Kendra like it's not an
easy thing to change a sleeping baby's
clothes and keep them asleep especially
I mean she's 15 months like it's not
like she's a newborn anyway I just
thought I'd share Elise was invited
spontaneously to a girls party and that
was tonight and so she got the invite
and the boys were like that sounds fun
we should have a boy's party and I was
like okay
I'm so excited about your party are you
not excited Lisa's not excited at all
about the party she like ran up to me
and just told me how she the party and I
whoa best party ever
well I'm excited for you excited for I'm
so excited for you I'm said I don't get
to go to the party with you the girls
nerdy and drop me off yes consolation
prize
yeah you can pick me oh she's so happy
easy sandwich peanut butter and honey
you guys read yeah
just some free party dancing going on
here
one of the awesome things about a boys
party is you just say go outside you
hand them a ball and they're good for an
hour or two
good she's still contented I'm gonna get
you I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you
all right so we played like a Paris tag
game and now we're just playing good
old-fashioned freeze tag Caleb off on
your leg
hey who wants to come inside and have
some ice cream please I guess so I
remember back in elementary school
coming in after recess every day and
just be sweating and hot laying my head
on the desk being all itchy because of
the grass that's how I feel right now
and it feels good I haven't felt like
that for several months so that was
awesome
gummy all right well the party seems to
be a success at the moment yeah so for
date night some people go to movies eat
dinner together Kendra and I are going
to make some Oobleck cuz I watched that
footage and I just want to play with
that stuff and Kendra's like I like to
play with it so we're we're gonna play
with Oobleck I'm so excited we're good
lucking it up let's do it
I think it's ready and make it is there
anything yeah
what no whoo
I keep expecting it to splatter I mean
in a way this is the best part so
getting here and full of it and you roll
it into a ball
and it totally seizes the ball until you
let go and then it's a liquid not that
you can feel it like you're grabbing mud
it feels like you're grabbing mud you
can roll it into a ball it isn't a ball
in my hand
you guys gotta see this you can't shake
can't think of it immediately drink it
tend to do a ball I promise this
non-newtonian fluid is silly stuff oh my
gosh it's a ball it is a ball I'm giving
my timing timing so it's obviously a
solid ball right clearly duh then it's a
liquid what I have a dream wouldn't it
be fun to have a whole swimming pool of
this stuff yeah it would be sticky
nobody could like I could run on it and
then it would be a liquid you can like
pick up a big ball of it and then like
throw it and it would turn into a liquid
and wonder what would happen anything
this is a you know life dream what if we
threw this
a full bathtub a baby pool would be
really fun okay if you get bored this
weekend you should totally do this send
us a picture on Twitter or Instagram or
something
hashtag Oobleck hashtag gruner's so
that's all for today we are gonna keep
playing and we might have to like London
is oh we gotta clean up so yes caleb has
a tick you can do it buddy
everybody's cheering for you
