good morning Laura good morning so when
this little girl gets out of bed she has
to bring her stuffed animals with her
they're like part of the package deal
and then she holds on to them until we
finally entice her to eat her breakfast
instead he's a high
nice song
you're gonna write a song what kind of
song you're gonna write I release I know
money I love Rhodri I love I I'm I don't
I know daddy
good nice come down you're gonna write
it down good plan
what are you up to sister oh and I have
makeup in here and this is my baby oh
that's so nice you're such a good mom
Laura what are you up to is my best
friend mom you got purse too Isaac what
are you up to Ryan Italian a clean
football whoo can you sing it to me um
I'm still working on okay and then I'm
just like she like the instrument fine
and I get an ugly and now try to figure
out the key that have to point all right
good morning guys
this morning we as I was getting the
kids changed for the day I realized that
Isaac and Laura both developed a poison
ivy rash overnight rash fresh she's
trying to get the camera as I'm trying
to get a camera to like well thank you
did you make me a sandwich you say thank
you oh also I decided to do my hair
differently and I kind of feel really
weird
I'd each time I look in the mirror like
uh I'm standing in my bathroom right now
so I'm like um I don't know if I can do
this I don't know if I can pull off a
bun on the top of my head I just decided
to do something different today so
that's what's going on right now I'm
really hoping that Caleb any lease don't
develop any poison ivy or myself like
you know as soon as you see something
like poison ivy like all of a sudden my
whole body itches looking like oh my leg
itches
oh my arm
and so I'm trying not to like freak
myself out about it let's do it let's do
it do it alright we are going to the
grocery store because it is grocery
shopping day let's do it let's do it do
it let's do it let's do it do it and
we're all together because that's the
funnest way to go grocery shopping guys
come on mom come this way
at least it's double a day yay guys look
raspberries are on sale who wants more
raspberries so we're putting our
groceries up to by then and I'm
unloading everything and I discovered
not one not two but three of these honey
containers which I didn't put in the
cart so who did it Caleb Caleb can
anyone guess who did that not me oh sure
did you just say not me
it's time for Napa to Napa dmap so I
just did lunch with the kids and it's
time for Tory to take a nap but she just
looks so comfy cozy alright
so Jeremy is home for lunch today he
doesn't usually get to come home for
lunch anymore and I'm really excited
that he's here he's been working a lot
in the evenings and so I'm excited at
their little chance to get a drink like
a slimfast shake or this and this is a
salad you have quinoa in here don't they
do I do and there's if it's a good salad
grocery store day is always a good day
for eating like fresh produce because we
have so much of it so anyway um Jeremy
and I have been talking a lot in our
time together lately about our desire to
get our budget kind of more in order and
we've been kind of in survival mode for
some time and not as disciplined with
the way that we've been using our money
we want to turn that around and do
better so we've been reviewing the
numbers so I that's the romantic topic
of discussion for our lunch today is
where we at where are we wanting to get
what it's like sacrifices do we need to
make to get there so financial
responsibility it's something we're
working toward
all right grateful raspberry time this
morning I was plugging in my laptop and
there was a spark like I could see the
electricity coming into the plug it's
amazing that we've learned how to
control electricity like that's mind
blowing like the stuff that lightning is
made of we have learned to harness and
use for our benefit Wow I'm grateful for
that I am grateful for nature okay that
sounds just cheesy I can't be that
cheesy so we're sitting here outside and
there's like a mommy bird that I'm
watching like keep flying back to a nest
with like little worms and feeding the
babies and you can be cheesy
I guess I'm grateful for the little
things let us know what you're grateful
for him with your grateful raspberry oh
it's Darwin I was a Darwin hmm alright
boys what are you making finally get
whoo all right Lucy what are you working
on cutting strawberries mmm what are you
making ah the fruits so this little girl
just woke up and she took a good now
she's not been super happy today she's
been a little bit fussy I'm guessing
it's the poison ivy
I feel so bad oh whoa whew that looks
amazing
I bought this business and I like give
the moat they can turn around whoa
that's awesome dude and did you finish
it Lisi that looks awesome Robert
you can tell she's smiling underneath
that binky lease you're such a nice big
sister she is loving being in there so
now that Laura is getting a little bit
bigger she's kind of joining in and the
older kids play and it's been
interesting to see how that's impacting
the way the kids play what's happening
is I'm often seeing the kids kind of
pairing off and playing in twosomes they
often play all together too but the
budding up was something that didn't
happen before it usually was a threesome
running around together and baby Laura
so now it's been really fun to see her
joining in on that and just how much she
loves her brothers and sister like it's
really sweet one of Germany's main
reasons for having a big family is the
relationships between siblings and so
it's so beautiful to see that developing
and it's not perfect I mean they're all
close to same age like they fight but
they're learning to share and they're
learning to give and I see moments of
compassion between each other and it's
beautiful
alright I'll spare you all the visual
details but Laura just pooed in the
bathtub oh you feel better well I'm
going to clean that up now all right so
miss Laura is all cleaned up and ready
for bed now and Jeremy is being
awesomesauce and cleaning the bathtub
and all of the bath toys so that's where
he is right now but everybody else is
ready for bed do you guys have something
you want to say Wow you think they'd
like done that before or something
anyway thanks for coming along with us
on our day to day hope you're having a
great day and we'll see you later Jay
house out
yes
he wants that pizza we're gonna go
Oh Isaac once Abita those are pretty
good moves
