all right so it's Tuesday you know what
that means field trip day today we are
coming to a Nature Center it's called
baroque woods it's a really fun one
then let's see if we can find the
sturgeon real quick ooh there is like I
hear me breathes out that light things
no that's called that's called a gill hi
oh cool can you see the track in the
dirt
all right so this is what Missouri looks
like in the springtime it is really
pretty the leaves aren't fully out on
the trees yet like there's lots of
leaves but it's not as densely green as
it will be in another month but it's
beautiful like there's some wild flowers
and I just really enjoy this time here
and it's lunch time we found a nice
shady breezy spot and we are eating and
making a big mess way to go girlfriend
that this is epic what are you thinking
about I don't know what they're playing
but there is a lot of laughing going on
isn't that cute
well except the part that's all of my
laundry on the couch so that's clean
laundry though which I'm going to count
as a success I just haven't gotten to
folding it yet anyway but I just wanted
to share something I've been thinking
about like it was kind of a drive to our
field trip today and a drive back and as
I was driving I was just thinking about
happiness and how happiness is a choice
or happiness is an inside job or you
know all those different quotes that
kind of just remind us that it's our
responsibility and I think honestly I've
been kind of slacking and that
responsibility but something I've really
been needing to work on and I've been
inspired lately to be working on that
and it's making a difference as I try to
choose happiness instead of choosing
worry or anxiety or irritation or other
things so I hope you're having a happy
day hello oh there you go hello hello
why
do okay when to what gases well it would
arrange another one
okay good okay you go the Qasim Oh what
do you hear now turn on some music
wanna dance free yeah you know in the
dance party what do you got there Cub is
that a pizza and was it for whoever wins
from the dance are yeah so rest it okay
oh now you got Laura playing the door
stopper things more Laura is just trying
to figure out like how the world works
but she's following Caleb around so she
is totally confused she's like we we get
these door stops and we play with them
and then what dance time
dance time
there it is
yes
he wants that pizza look at him go
Oh Isaac wants a PITA those are pretty
good moves those are pretty good moves
let's see that all right Caleb who won
who won the future oh sure
I just want real chocolate thank you yes
um someone to say something to our
friends so you may have noticed the kids
are all wearing oh this is probably not
gonna be rockin while I'm talking to you
guys sorry y'all getting dizzy okay so
you may have noticed that the three big
kids are all wearing matching tie-dye
shirts today so those shirts are
actually their summer camp shirts from
last year and we made them at our little
summer camp blah blah blah let me try
that again
yeah what'd you say I didn't keep on
doing that blah blah blah so to
understand what release is talking about
because I know very well when Kendra
messes up saying something she always
goes duh
so when I'm vlogging and I kind of lose
my train of thought I just won't go
and then I keep going anyway um as I was
kind of saying so the kids a little bit
all I'm not doing it
I didn't even notice leave that alone
you crazy we do a do-it-yourself summer
camp and this coming year is going to be
our third year doing it and each year we
make shirts and we do activities and
it's super fun you'll see what I'm
talking about in July when we do it
right over here we have a summer camp
here
oh you summer kittens let me see Dada
how's it go Wow ready hey Lu summer camp
kids let me hear you clap your hands now
that you better be let me feel yourself
comfy now let me be your body move okay
ready Caleb your turn take a shot good
work good work
good at that kick heavy go for the
backwards shot
you're like that and you just threw it
that's crazy hey let's let Laura try
come on yeah
Bob you want to date with Daddy oh wow
oh that's right we're here McDonald's
cubby is doing his date because he
earned it
we have just put the kids down and we're
sitting next to a load of laundry but
guess what guys it's a different load of
laundry like the level owner used to be
over here and like ginormous we folded
that and put it away well boom so this
is a new fresh clean load of laundry and
the dryer is finishing up another load
so the eternal laundry cycle is should
we tell them about our embarrassing load
of laundry from this weekend so guys we
had an embarrassing laundry incident
like this weekend we had to wash it four
times because of forgetting about it so
okay here's what happened we put it in
the washing machine and we washed it and
then we forgot about it like the next
day I found it and it smelled terrible
and so we washed it again and that
happens right I mean you forget about
everyone's well occasionally so anyway
so we wash it in a second time and I was
busy when it was done being washed and
so I asked the kids to move it from the
washer to the dryer but I was busy and
forgot to go start the dryer so the next
day we find the load wet in the dryer
we're like wait this is the same load
that certainly happened we move it back
to the washer and we wash it again and
um it was in the evening and Jeremy
moved it over to the dryer and were in
bed that night and I'm like Jeremy did
we do the you know did we start the
dryer he's like yeah yeah in the morning
it was completely i think caleb made I
opened it but he lives in our house
anything could have happened but um I've
never washed it one final time and we
actually nailed it we actually dried it
as all right well we hope that you're
having better luck with your laundry
than we are and you
have a wonderful day today all right
thanks for watching
she has up
growing up my dad loved big
thunderstorms
