what do you guys doing we're moving out
in there and in the me and Isaac are the
mom and dad and this is our thing
Emmerich I'm back in the house for like
chores for breakfast lunch and dinner
mmm leave out here kid I'm over on a
little log cabin oh how cute okay well
you guys have fun thanks for visiting
yep have a good move if you need any
help lettuce you okay what bye I thought
we were gonna have to wait till they
were like 18 or 19 and push them out the
door but we'll take this
all right so I heard the kids moved out
this morning poor Laura is like been
sitting at the window like oh my gosh I
want to go to would you want to go -
yeah
it's wet out here it started drizzling
but the fort that the kids are in
actually has really good cover from the
rain and it's just drizzling so guys
how's it going right now and you're the
grandma Oh
with 3d book whoa
oh good and we teach Caleb a new class
Caleb are you learning the ABS in the
ABCs writer a and I write one way good
now across if you get it buddy this is
where our baby sleep okay and then oh
your baby sleeps up there hi baby
hey cubby what are you building I'm
building and I didn't you're building a
crib for the baby well looks like
they've got life covered I guess I'll
just focus on taking care of Laura now
okay we'll still have a snack together
in ten minutes i lured the kids back up
to the deck with a snack and now we're
going to have a discussion about whether
this morning for part of school so guys
do you guys feel the weather is it sunny
today or cloudy why do clouds rain
because it's ruining its
tree like it's too big and it's the rain
is good for the trees and flowers and
grass won't be even gonna do well this
is the cloud so the water comes from the
ground and the lakes in the oceans and
it evaporates up into the clouds and
then when the clouds get too heavy it's
starting to rain okay so we're gonna see
if we can get this to start to rain
so when it gets too heavy you'll see it
start raining down I stay blue it's good
I can see some huh what happened is
raining you guys get so when the water
gets too heavy in the clouds that's when
it starts to rain down so the water
evaporates up into the clouds it
condenses in the clouds and then it
precipitates down to the ground but it
don't water in blue now the water is
blue huh
all right another home school perk is
doing school outside today we're doing
school out on the deck so the kids are
working on their water cycle worksheets
there it is I think that's Laura's first
work of art guys Caleb how's yours come
in good good I like that son
okay we decided to head into the library
we're gonna try to find some fun books
about weather and you know just some
other books the library is always a good
start to the week so the library has
these computers and it always look hard
because my kids don't get to play on
computers much so they're always like
super excited to play on the computer
and in my drives and kind of crazy
so I'm really excited they got extra
toys over here and I'm trying to lure
the kids to play over here instead of
just playing them
we see what is this
they suction together yeah the section
whoo that is cool what a fun toy hey Liv
what are you up to
you're gonna do some puzzles so I've
been totally slacking in the meal
planning department for the last couple
of weeks I just have been kind of
throwing stuff together last minute and
forgetting to get started early enough
and so today I was so excited because
I'm actually already have started our
dinner we are having a chicken fajita
chili and I put it in the crock-pot this
morning let me show it to ya it's a well
on its way so it's got lots of peppers
and tomatoes and some chicken and
seasonings and it called for one can of
cannelloni beans I hope I said that
right anyway I decided to add two extra
cans of beans I added a can of black
beans and a can of kidney beans and
that's because I'm hoping to stretch the
meal a little bit further I would love
to have leftovers it's really healthy
and I figure the beans are a
budget-friendly healthy way to try to
stretch the meal a little bit further so
I was going to make rice to go with this
like that we're going to serve it on top
of some rice but we had rice for dinner
last night and I wasn't really feeling
rice again so I decided I'm gonna do
quinoa in my rice cooker I've heard of
that working before so I've got some
quinoa that I bought at sprouts in the
bulk food section and I'm gonna try it
I'll let you know how it turns out but
yeah my rice cookers my friends so it's
will hopefully be good in the last two
weeks I have gained five pounds which is
not good for the diet bed I only have
two weeks until the weigh-in and I have
to obviously lose that way and then some
more but what happened was at work they
kept giving all this free food like they
brought in Olive Garden which we ate for
like two or three days and then my legal
assistant of birthday and they had
Cheesecake Factory cheesecake there for
three days and all these cookies and
free food is so hard for me not to
partake out especially when it's
Cheesecake Factory and all that garden
and stuff like that anyway I'm working
on it I'm so grateful for Kendra she was
consciously thinking and trying to
prepare food that is helping me out
alright so here's the finished um quinoa
chicken fajita chili bowl with cheese
and avocado and tomatoes what do you
think Isaac this is really good I mean
yeah yummy like it's just really
flavorful and healthy yay look I just
sound like me I'm good how are you with
olive Kendra's teaching about the cloud
she's out here after dinner the kids
were getting in their pajamas and she's
talking to them about the clouds those
clouds over there
growing up my dad loved big
thunderstorms and rain clouds and so our
family's tradition during thunderstorms
was to turn off all the lights and open
up the windows wide or like open up the
garage door and sit on the top of the
car and like watch the rain and would
often like have hot chocolate or
something and so it's like a really cozy
thing for me like it kind of like calms
down life and oh I just really love
rainstorms hope you guys are having a
good night thanks for watching and uh
Steakhouse up
you
