all right where we going let's go get
some food what kind did you want bud
chop you want chocolate there's 31
flavors that he wants chocolate which
kind are you getting in a cone
yummy blue this looks good
right so we are here today filming the
ice-cream challenge the idea is that
Jeremy and our kids are gonna be
blindfolded and they're gonna taste test
13 different flavors and we're trying to
see how many of the flavors they can
guessed correctly we were tagged by Emma
and Ellie in this challenge and they got
9 flavors right so excited to try to
beat them I got the lame job I'm just
videoing alright
Australia yeah
there what is
or did I think it's cookies and cream a
lot of different ice cream flavors so
they might guess I was really digging
through this one to see if there were
any nuts or marshmallows with it but I
think it's just chocolate
I think it's coconut coconut looks like
one of my favorites
why they didn't mean nut but I think
that was chocolate into marshmallow so
I'm gonna guess rocky road
it's not great it's a kind of sherbert
I'm gonna go like raspberry or rainbow
sherbet you have to choose one rainbows
it is super fun
mint chocolate chip all right Isaac what
do you think
I thought it was another sherbet maybe
like an Ranger bit okay so we got three
more and if I get all three right and I
get 10 out of 13 those two will sherbet
ones were hard to distinguish between
and I can't believe in this pistachio
it's like a favorite flavor of mine this
is a very familiar flavor in the night
you kiss more than any other flavor its
Reese's peanut butter
but I think it's prettier colada
watermelon ice cubes and I wish they had
that would be good
good way alright so we are gonna
challenge simply live Canadian family
blog and Katie's mama Katie's mama so
anne-marie is the owner of this
baskin-robbins we had talked to her
beforehand and she was cool with us
coming in and doing it here so we're
thankful to her and baskin-robbins for
letting us do it yeah Jey house out
hopefully
Jack I'm sorry that I didn't water
