our kids have been excited about this
particular Park we're going to they love
it and they don't get to go very often
so that was what all the madness was
about so they were screaming crazy like
that and I pull out the camera and they
just kept going and going they're really
excited there's all different kinds of
and move so this park is a super fun
park the kids really love it it's just
often super congested and so we don't
come here very often without Jeremy just
because it's hard for me to keep track
of all the kids in the crowds but today
it's not looking too bad
are you inicated Andrew
come on
job is she just walking up the stairs
yeah right here daddy so there's a
little bit of a sprinkle and it's really
moist outside today and it just smells
green and alive and you can hear the
birds and the squirrels are climbing
around up here
check out these squirrels it's so fun
see that scroll up there just in leaping
did you see that
I love that so cool how they just like
jump around sorry my National Geographic
filming skills haven't quite come into
play yet but I mean there's just birds
everywhere and squirrels and it just
smells amazing out here it's just a
beautiful day it was really a keep
moment everything in life is better now
thanks Caleb this is what we call quiet
time in our house Caleb pounding on the
door I'm done
I just first watch me you might have to
date so we're having some friends over
for dinner tomorrow and we were just
having the discussion of you know what
are we going to eat tonight for dinner
what are we gonna eat tomorrow we're
figuring it out and you think chocolate
cake we're also talking about how both
of us every time we drive past the RV
place secretly want to go back find out
the Arby's again yeah it kind of sounds
like you're saying our DS we're talking
about RVs like travel trailers stuff
like that
recreational D but I do love RVs as well
those curly flat fries are so good rap
topic there you know every time we drive
past the RV place we've all secretly
want to go in and look at more armies so
maybe we'll get that today don't believe
me just watch don't believe me just
watch don't believe me just watch hey
put some water in it get the stretch
so with every mill we've been eating
some of that homemade bread Kendra made
and I did some like honey butter to go
with it honey just makes everything
better so Isaac bought this really cool
maize
it's the type where you put a marble
inside of a ball and you're trying to
follow the maze and if you got to check
this out it's really cool okay so you
get started so you have to rotate the
ball around to stay so the ball doesn't
fly out right okay it is time to water
our plants the kids have been asking
about it all day long
unfortunately Caleb came up here earlier
this morning and ripped off as flour so
that's kind of sad but it will grow back
did you get the water in but hey one
more for for Joe it's in you go oh
hopefully
I'm sorry that I think it's okay she'll
still grow big and strong all right good
night you guys all right so one of the
things Kendra I've been talking a lot
about over this weekend is what our goal
is where we want to be a year from now I
love that saying that you don't want to
climb the ladder of success only to
realize that you're leaning against the
wrong wall and we want to make sure that
we're being very deliberate about the
direction we're taking ourselves with
business with our family and really you
know being able to have time with our
family and learning together and being
together is what we're valuing the most
or trying to make decisions over this
next year and have plans to try to
accomplish what our real goals are and
try to really nail that down and it can
be hard like we're trying to write a
family mission statement and really
develop specific plans to accomplish
that it's an exciting thing in concept
but it can be really hard to put all
those things into practice I know
there's a lot of times I get really
excited and motivated and I have all
these ideas of what we need to do but to
actually break out of the routines that
are keeping me from fulfilling all of
the things I want to fulfill can be very
hard and so we're working on a lot of
that right now anyway I hope you guys
have a wonderful Sunday today we had a
great Saturday Jay how so
okay so one of my favorite things about
this park is that there's a path like a
paved path through the woods it's not
even that long of a path and so it's
like the perfect length for us to go on
a walk through okay so this is my friend
Brandon
