Caleb are you feeding your sister soft
huh all right good morning guys it is
apparently casual Friday around here
sorry um Jeremy had to leave her work
super early this morning so we've been
just kind of enjoying getting our stuff
done I think I'm gonna try to make bread
with the kids today I used to back in
the day like when I just had Isaac
Neely's I made our bread all the time
and I haven't done it for a long time
and so I'm excited to try it today and
I'm a little bit nervous like it's
always one of those things you don't
want to go through all the work and then
it somehow doesn't turn out so hopefully
the bread will rise and we can have fun
making bread together I have high hopes
of getting ready and taking a shower at
some point today so fingers crossed
all right Lise what are we doing today
so we are making bread and and it's what
is it it is we east yeast uh East East
women we get here yeast leads and uh we
put a jigger in it to help it grow all
right so there's yeast and sugar and
water in there and we're gonna wait for
it to grow while we go read a book but
let's go clap is fun me stories are fun
the end did you like that story yay Nora
say thank you okay okay okay
all right guys did it grow a little
little bit cubby what does it look like
to you ha ha it does look old so guys
see there's the regular part this is the
liquid and then this part is how it's
grown ok
that means it's working guys let's all
smell it because it smells like
activated yeast what's it smell like
probably Greg probably bread
all right cubby so we're gonna turn this
lot more did it grow a lot more okay so
we're going to pour it into our mixer
all right we switched to the dough hook
I think the dough hook in more of a
Captain Hook hook it looks like Captain
Hook's hook doesn't it there it is our
ice here's the dough I just needed it so
we put it in this bowl and we're gonna
let it rise for 30 minutes let's hope it
grows say grow little bread all right so
we read a bunch of books so let's see
what do you guys think big yeah it grew
huh
mmm just like bread yep okay now we got
to punch it down well who wants to go
wash their hands so they can punch it
down okay now we're going to shape it
into our lows so this is a French bread
recipe so I shaped it into loaves and it
has risen so we're getting ready to put
it in the oven and cook it all right
into the oven they go so oddly enough I
use a meat thermometer to check and see
if my bread is done I've done that for a
little while and if the internal
temperature is 180 bread is done and I
found that that works better for me than
guessing I like it all right Caleb
wanted to show you what he was doing
what's you up to buddy
making more oh you're mixing them all
together how fun all right what are you
two up to
you drew a dinosaur yeah you did you
drew a dinosaur I see it we got these
drawing books from the library so this
one's learn to draw some Disney
characters mm you're doing cars
show me whoo that looks nice
all right it's done well I just came
home for lunch and this stuff smells so
good Kendra made this homemade bread are
you eating it all right so I got a
shower yeah I know that shouldn't seem
like a highlight of a day but it was
today so um a friend of mine said that
she was headed to the park and I jumped
and said yes this is perfect and anyway
from the time of the phone conversation
to the time of leaving my house was 11
minutes that's like a world record for
me especially cuz nobody had shoes on at
that moment and caleb was asleep at that
moment so anyway now we're out and it's
really pretty it's also very bright and
almost muggy you like that look at all
my little kid let's swing in
okay so one of my favorite things about
this park is that there's a path like a
paved path through the woods it's not
even that long of a path and so it's
like the perfect length for us to go on
a walk through okay so this is my friend
Brandi he's out hanging out with me
today so much nicer to go to the park
was right
cute little tire mount quick I wish I
could be a footballer oh my gosh
nice Anthony there's morale dude I wish
that I the football oh you wish for a
dog is the rest of that one Caleb what
did you wish for oh my god hey what'd
you wish for a dog to popular wishes
right there so on the way home from the
park the kids really wanted to stop at
the grocery store and I was like sure
why not we have some time to kill which
is kind of weird because that's usually
a big hassle but we went inside and we
like hit the jackpot they were having
tons of samples today so we got a bunch
of the produce that was on sale and we
ate all these yummy samples and then
there was a sign that said that out in
the garden kids could decorate a pot and
plant a flower to take home for free and
I was like sure why not
can I see your pot very nice
well I was just finishing up work Kendra
gave me a call and said to come meet
them here at the garden we're pretty big
fans of hi V it's our local grocery
store and they have a garden outdoors
and they do like fun like garden classes
and today they were having the kids like
pot plants for free and anyway they just
do all sorts of amazing things hi V is
also where Kendra does her freezer meals
they have a room setup they prepare the
meat for her to come in and they do it
all here so we're big fans of hi V I got
ya okay
it needs Sun so you gotta put it in
water
all right so the kids really liked their
flowers they were like up talking to the
flowers and saying good night to their
flowers which they named yes they did
named them and they eat dinner okay yo
and Bo caleb named his jake he least
named her summer and isaac has twins and
so they're bowing joe yeah but they call
them their pet flowers I was like mom's
gonna month before kids like I need a
real pets so as we were getting the kids
down kender went and got some Panda
Express for us and we watched bits and
pieces of shark tank which we always
enjoy on Friday nights so as a
stay-at-home Friday night date night but
a date night nonetheless though we'll
take it happy weekend Jay Happ
