well we just got home from our weekly
run to sprout and the kids were helping
me unload the groceries and Caleb was
trying to be helpful but he pulled a
whole gallon of milk off the counter and
it landed with a crash and a smash on
the floor a day that starts out with
spilled milk just gotta go look from
there right but I was just like thank
you get it when it's pro-family was it
heavy yeah yeah it was an accident huh
yeah guys today has already used up the
bulk of my patience so let's see we went
grocery shopping as a family this
morning and then we came home and you
saw this build milk and then um okay
since then caleb has flushed something
down the toilet so the toilet is clogged
and also during lunch he like threw his
entire bowl of macaroni and cheese like
across the room and then he threw his
cup across the room with water he's
currently in timeout as you can imagine
where was I while that was all happening
in the room like I'm just like right
next to him he's just so fast he may
we're headed to a birthday party this
afternoon for our cousin so hopefully
the day's gonna take an upturn because
we could really use an upturn to our day
alright so we're here at our cousin's
birthday party and the kids are having a
great time up in here
nice good work
awesome
so we came here back in December was
Jeremy's whole family and it was awesome
Jeremy climbed up inside and took a lot
of video of it so flip-up in the card
and you can find out more about it
like two swings right all right look
who's trying to help oh good job
balancing what a big girl all right well
my nephew Luke's birthday party was a
big hit I mean how could it not be there
was cake and the whole amazing play
space and a pinata
so yeah they really hit the nail on the
head with that one the kids had a great
time running around with their friends
um so now I just put Laura down for a
nap but it's kind of late for a nap so
I'm just letting the other kids sit
quietly and read because they finish
their school earlier but anyway I'm
having a little bit of a harder day
today I'm just exhausted like I just I
guess we didn't just like running and
running so much and getting so much done
and the kids behavior has not been as
stellar as it was yesterday but this
really made a difference to me I walked
out from putting Laura to bed and there
was a note for me - mom look what it
says inside
to mom from Isaac I'm so sorry that I
did not obey you I wish I could have
done a better job I love you mom for
those moments when I feel like nothing's
getting through I have to remember that
not only am I an imperfect human but I'm
raising imperfect humans and that's the
way it's going to be and that's okay so
life's going to be rocky it just is and
today is gonna be a rocky day and that's
okay we'll make it through how many
hours till daddy gets home okay we're
making loaded nachos for dinner all
right it's not your time good job
get the black olives on there cubby yeah
so nachos are my diet kryptonite Kendra
got this like queso sauce for some
freezer meal I don't know which meal it
is but the nacho sauce is almost gone so
she's going to find out soon whichever
mil it is and that's going to be gone
and that's gonna be a problem but I'm
weak like that stuff so good
all right I just finished giving Laura a
bath and I came out and the notches are
about halfway done and I decided to add
a few more toppings here's how it looks
now well we were going to take us all to
the library about Caleb decided not to
eat his dinner and he decided to throw
it on the ground so he's gonna be
staying home with me and Laura we're
going to give him bass and put them down
early so we came out to the library
tonight and I got so excited about all
the different books that we're looking
at that I completely forgot to pull out
the camera sorry the kids are now
enjoying some electronics time but I'll
show you our loot of books that we're
taking home we checked out 48 items
there we go so I'm really excited about
some of the books there's one called
little pea by Amy Rosenthal that comes
highly recommended I'm excited to read
it with the kids so the library is only
my favorite place on the planet I'm sure
I've told you guys that before but it
was so nice and relaxing to come tonight
without the little kids because I could
really focus on picking out the books
and helping Isaac and Elise find things
for their interests so we have a really
nice stash system
I'm getting ready to drive away from the
library that's my view I love this
all right and I pulled into the house
and check out the kids
do you think they like their books time
for bed
time for bed going for food
time for bed so normally putting caleb
down is an overwhelmingly difficult task
but he's so tired tonight I walked into
his bedroom and found this
how I just take - I have another baby -
we'll hold and take care of and to bring
another bouncy crazy little personality
into our family
