all right good morning we are out on an
adventure this morning we are at Crown
Center in downtown Kansas City and
little secret I am terrified of parking
garages they just kind of creep me out I
always feel like I'm not gonna fit in
places all right guys see what I mean
doesn't this feel so short so one of my
favorite places when we come down to the
Crown Center is to always check out the
Chocolate Factory and sometimes they're
actually making the fudge right there
and you get to watch it's awesome
my favorite thing here is the caramel
apples but we're just looking we won't
be buying anything
we came here today with some of our
homeschool friends to visit the fairy
tale village
I love it she is off and exploring this
is a new dynamic to our adventures to
have another little person to chase this
could get interesting are you the
princess in the pea
all right we're going over the bridge
are you guys the three bears
yeah all right so I'm letting Caleb wear
his big boy underwear when we're going
out on outings which means lots of potty
breaks
thankfully some places have family
restrooms so we are currently in a
family restroom and Caleb was having so
much fun with this
the weather is gorgeous and we are going
to sit out by these mountains and have a
picnic
alright so apparently there's going to
be a water show with music from the
symphony I'm excited like we timed this
great
I don't know they're huge huh Lacey what
are you doing is she made out of Legos
that's so cool that she's made out of
Legos alright before we leave we have to
hit up the restrooms again just to be
safe on the drive home the kids claimed
that after the toilet flushes there's a
farting chance let's see
there it is the toilet the parts at the
end I was nervous about ringing all four
of them here but I think it's gone okay
now the final gauntlet is walking
through all of the wonderful food places
before we get back to our car it smells
amazing down here
okay so we're stuck in some traffic
downtown and we're right next to
Jeremy's old office building
cool huh whoa why do you get to have
this treat this uh I'll bake yay mommy
gets some too because I behave really
nicely too hmm I don't know if you guys
have noticed recently but Laura is
growing up so much like I feel like
she's just not my baby anymore she's
walking around she's saying words it's
adorable and I love it
and it also kind of breaks my heart a
little bit because she's my baby so the
truth of the matter is is I'm getting
completely baby hungry I just I just
ache - I have another baby to hold and
take care of and to bring another bouncy
crazy little personality into our family
and to watch them grow up and develop
these brother-sister relationships and I
just I really really love being a mom
that doesn't mean there's not like
really hard days don't get me wrong but
I love being a mom I love being with my
kids I love watching them growing up
together and seeing the people that
they're becoming the problem is that my
four kids that I already have pretty
much take all of my strengths every day
like I don't feel like I have any extra
capacity to have another kid right now
and so I feel really kind of sad because
I want to have another baby I don't
think it's the right time for our family
yet and that like there's like this
piece of me that's kind of mourning that
all right I just needed to add one thing
to what I said earlier I am so grateful
for the four kids that I have and I
under
and there are people that are not
blessed with children in their lives and
I ache for them and saying that I am
baby hungry and that I own to have
another child by no means takes away the
gratitude that I feel for the four
children that I do have and the sympathy
that I have for the people that are
struggling in that area so just want to
make sure that was understood
sorry little cousin is having a birthday
and we're opening presents here at
McDonald's hey monster ah rod get a
monster because it's a special occasion
we're gonna get an ice cream cone
I have a little helper
you excited alright so German has the
kids tonight because I'm going with a
friend to a homeschool curriculum store
she's looking into homeschooling and I'm
trying to figure out exactly what
changes I want to make to work for
killin for next year so it's fun that we
get to go together so yeah a little mini
night out for me I guess so have fun
with Jeremy so they've made MacDonald to
play places a lot safer than they used
to be when I was a little kid we were
playing in a McDonald's play place do
you remember this hey didn't hit so I
was doing back handsprings down the
netting I had like a cargo net and my
head went into the net and couldn't come
out it wasn't it whenever they dropped
us off to play there something while
they went to like a shot and my head was
stuck in the net and 40 minutes like
they were able to rip my head out
eventually but they've never done cargo
nets again I was the kid who made that
out put it on your head and finished go
yeah actually they're pretty good is
that fun shirt every girl better flake
rally nice throw good cottage
what a catch so we're playing with its
way they're called a hyper disc really
fun it's cool how it just floats Wow oh
look at it
so I got stuck up in a tree shoe might
be better Brent a shoe won't hurt it
nice with one throw Brent got it down
good thing your keys didn't get stuck up
there that would have been a problem bad
don't use your keys to get something out
of a tree yeah Caleb won't come in the
car I tried the like we're just gonna
leave method he's just like sitting up
here on the slide I'm like Caleb we're
gonna leave and he's like no I don't
care like he's just playing so then I'm
trying to chase him down and he's
outsmarting me left and right so little
booger you're low-fat when I'm working
on that cousin method and you aren't you
and we're so happy on our little piece
of bread you do too you're so sweet and
I'm chunky you're low-fat will work in
all right well it's bedtime Jay house
out what's that all about what are you
laughing at hey boopie is that what
she's reading yeah
