tsehai oh say I wearing pigtails all
right so we are headed out to the doctor
this morning Kayla and Laura both have
well checks and Isaac and Elise are
going to be out of friends playing all
right so I get Laura in the car and the
kids see her hairdo and their reactions
were awesome Isaac what do you think
Laura looks like I'm not sure ideally
you think it looks like antlers so our
doctor's appointment went pretty well
Caleb and Laura are both growing and
doing fine and healthy which is great
Caleb you are coloring so nicely yeah
you're learning still that's awesome did
Lisa share a piece of her coloring book
with you that's nice seriously I am so
impressed
that looks awesome nice coloring an
Isaac you're recording more chapter
books here in how many are you up to 115
this clear
good job alright so Caleb just had an
accident during quiet time he's been in
a pull up a lot for quiet time but I've
been transitioning him to wearing his
underwear during quiet time so
apparently that didn't go very well
today and I'm getting a lot of
resistance from the big kids about
chores in school so yeah Monday's kind
of winning right now but I'm I'm hopeful
that we can turn this day around and
have a great afternoon
so let's do it alright lease house we've
been going yeah I wiped off a table blue
very nice the table looks nice
thank you what a big helper sand land
hey guys those are the first time she's
ever read those words and she did it
without help I was so proud of you you
were really gonna be there not know that
that's one hand and land yeah I just
said it yeah and now you know okay okay
let's try what if we put a bee right
there what would it say then but man
damn okay look you guys are using good
job okay ready let's see if you can read
this sentence
you did it you did all that lesson I'm
so proud of you I'm like gushing with
excitement far over here we read so
Caleb what you doing yeah where'd you
have to keep them I'm here on here yeah
you're doing a great job filling up all
those containers
alright so Isaac and I for his school
well for part of his school today we
read this book if you were a capital
letter what do you think of this book
Isaac like thin it yeah do you want to
read more in this series so it explains
grammar in a really easy way and so we
read all about capital letters and when
they're used and then I grabbed a
magazine that just came in the mail and
we are opening up to a page and I have
right here two highlighters so you get
one and I get one okay and we are going
to go through this article and we're
going to highlight all the capital
letters that we can find and try to
identify the reason why they are being
capital letters in that sense is it
because they're you know the first that
are in a sentence or is it because they
are the first letter of a proper noun or
like a city we've done a couple
paragraphs either just did this one hey
Laura
Oh books and babies are her two favorite
things right now she lugs around like
stuffed animals or baby dolls with like
this little toy bottle and pretends to
feed them and shush them and then this
been a books right here which is our
board books she picks those up and
carries them around all day sitting on
the little windowsill or in here reading
books
what are you laughing at
poopy is that what she's reading yeah
anyway I can't get enough of that girl
so with the leaves coming in the fort is
getting more and more exciting sure
well the grass has gotten long enough
that the HOA is gonna call if I don't
mow it so there we go
all right well Jeremy's out mowing the
lawn tonight I've been taking care of
Laura she's been super fussy tonight so
I gave her a bath to try to calm her
down and then I gave her medicine and I
cuddled her and I read her books
guess what finally calmed her down
trying on her shoes did you like drying
on your shoes shoes anyway so I'm gonna
take the boys and Laura now and we're
gonna go pick up
Elise from ballet and Jeremy is going to
keep mowing our backyard which takes
forever but we're grateful because we
like our backyard all right so we had a
family lesson tonight where we were
talking about how the more respect we
show each other in our family the
happier our family can be and so the
kids were practicing the difference
between being respectful and
disrespectful show me disrespectful eyes
what does that look like let's see
you're disrespectful I eyes whoo oh
that's kind of scary
well those are pretty disrespectful I
see some eye rolling some serious
pouting going on Caleb looks grumpy for
sure Isaac just became like a limp
noodle so let's show respectful bodies
that looks like a pleasent all right now
show me respectful eyes oh I see smiles
and all of those eyes now show me a
respectful words thank you for letting
us go oh that's nice Caleb how do you be
respectful it's time for bed uh I'm
George I leave you my spot family oh
you're gonna do your responsibilities
okay thank you for letting us go a
friend's house today
whoo those were so nice so uh we'll see
if some of this sinks in or not okay
guys now this is a real one it's time
for bed can I
okay respectful good night Caleb ah the
attack of the kingdom backfired
how about you Nora she's like I'll go to
bed you're doing a little tooth check
gonna get my teeth
Kendra always has like something I do I
have this one spot where I usually have
my teeth anyway
Jeremy's sitting here ending the vlog
and it reminded me of a spot that I
didn't get a chance to film today and
when we were driving to ballet I was
listening to Caleb and Isaac in the back
seat of the van and Isaac says Caleb
come on hold my hand and Caleb reaches
out and hold hands and Isaac said
remember because we're best friends and
Kayla goes yeah cuz we're brothers and I
was like oh my love mommy heart melted
and I wanted to remember that moment but
I was driving so for the safety of all
the passengers I'm telling you about it
now cute I know I love seeing them
playing in the play I feel like the last
few days the kids have been playing
really well together they have it's
exciting it is anyway that's all well we
hope you have a wonderful Tuesday and
Jay house out I burst apart in front of
each other so as an important
we go I have a good story about this one
so
