all right tonight we are going to do the
mr. and mrs. challenge I'm excited about
it it's fun and less messy yes one can
clean up afterwards so we were tagged by
the multi Bunch and the silver light and
we're excited question number one who's
the most romantic ready go
look unfortunate yet and I want to be
the romantic one but I'm not I think
it's sort of it's that very easier to do
romantic things for them I'm doing
things for I want to do better than I
think I have the heart of a romantic but
the practice of it just hasn't happened
you're so too realistic and pragmatic
about it first apart in front of each
other this is an important question hey
I have a good story about this one so in
very arid eating um we got in the car
after one of the dates and he walked
around the whole car and he was like
inspecting the tires like even like take
one of them with one of his shoes and he
gets in the car I said yeah just you
know making sure we're all good and I
was like well this guy knows about cars
no no no I learned later and that was
his trick for passing gas before he got
in the car I was doing that I was
intentionally being sarcastic about it
but she didn't pick up on that yes yeah
it's not this is the best cook pretty
cool what this is getting here holding
the blue car anymore who's the best
that's my mother Barney okay that's best
in my book that's awesome um anyway yeah
Jeremy likes to cook back in the day
before kids we cook together a lot I was
really fun I like to cook indirect was a
nanny before we had any kids and she was
like a gourmet chef for this family or
me it was awesome I mean my secret
passion dream idea would be to go to
culinary school I just because sounds so
fun until I learned at diced onions
really fast
who is the coolest coolest ready go I
see unanimous I'm a nerd guys through
and through I'm a nerd I think that this
kind of goes back to high school like we
talked about Kendra was a nerd in high
school I was a cool never dull like I
was a nerd with friends she was cool
along the nerves yeah anyway I don't
know what else would define us I think
part of the cool thing is um like
there's a lot of movies I never heard of
I don't know
Jeremy understands like the lingo like
he can talk and I just don't know what a
face
not really she doesn't know most of the
references I shall laugh along with
stuff but it's like do you know what
that's from and she'll say so yes I'm a
nerd on one whole bag
okay all right this is the most
talkative ready go
wait I look quite handsome sorry when
we're with people if we really are you
know I wish man totally win but between
us if it's just us home alone I have
some time for yourself but if you're out
in public like you guys were to meet us
it would be Jeremy or sure I am tired
who's most likely to cry in a movie
ready go it's kind of embarrassing I'm
not embarrassed about if you like you
really love dramatic gut-wrenching
movies it likes to watch him alone - I
like to watch him alone because I want
to really have a good cry sometimes it's
true like my favorite movie of all time
this is really sad movie but it's super
inspiring to me and I love it I think
part of the reason you don't see me
crying in movies
these I like like I don't really like
tickers but I love dramatic movies so
that I can cry on an ambulance drives
the eye so you know we both have our
triggers um who has the worst memory
ready go it's not even close on this one
Kendra I'll ask you about tell me about
the conversation you just had today 15
minutes ago with that person uh it felt
good like she'll remember how she felt
about any of the details so the funny is
to be is when we're with my family and
my brother or my sister like oh yeah I
remember that time and I'm just like
they're like you were there like this
happened I'm like I don't even remember
that is kind of scary I'm really glad
we're vlogging because if not I'd be
like kids I had kids what for me I can
remember very clear memories back
two-and-a-half years old three years old
and I
he's kind of crazy I lose any argument
if it's based on what happy remembering
that and we both just know it's like she
was like well this out
are you really going to do so darn it
okay ready next one who is the cleanest
ready go
I am a clean person but I'm not as OCD
as can I am not ability especially since
we've had four kids it's not possible I
can't be OCD miscues know around
shrinking PSEG about in this room so um
I'm the one that's more impacted by like
I really like to have it clean and he is
more comfortable with it being a little
bit Messier but sometimes he gets like
this cleaning mode and he goes like deep
and like I come home and he's like
pulled out the oven and like deep clean
the side why'd you get that itch to just
actually behind you best dancer whoa
this is a tough one ready go spy I said
I've seen decisive is there one for
yourself well then I'll go myself
I can vote for you - indeed sir you know
I think that the viewers would vote for
you honestly I think they would and you
are a really great dancer so here's the
street if Jerry is actually more trained
of a dancer than I am I took some dance
classes when I was growing up um Oh some
older sister is quite a dancer and
I'm deaf on his whole family culture
growing up and I just had the heart and
soul of his answer and he's invited it
that's a get out and express itself
you're not like dropping cakes rating
that's true all right next one who is
the most attractive ready go it's very
close it's not even close costly I know
I'm one of those guys that people like
how did he end up with her and like no
no no has the biggest sweet tooth ready
go
this one's not even probably the easiest
answer we've had so far guys my sweet
tooth is out of control
who is the clumsiest ready I don't think
either was a very clumsy but I didn't
think it was you dropping the cake and
slipping on the floor I'm generally
pretty coordinated but I've known who
has fallen down the stairs a couple
times with our children like out
honestly she fell down the stairs while
holding Elise when she was a baby but he
did awesome and she went up into the air
and he fell down a few steps like half
the flight of stairs and he'd caught her
wish we had battle
I'm doing your laundry slash coordinated
I'm very coordinated but I think I just
didn't know brush and I'm just not
paying attention at all like knock over
a kid or something so that was our mr.
and mrs. challenge that was fun
hopefully you guys liked it um we are
going to challenge a few people we are
going to challenge Bailey living she's
in her apron and shaving daily so we're
excited to see your mr. and mrs.
challenges and that's all for today
thanks for watching guys Jade house I
don't
Elise you chose that one okay you can
ask Li si that'll work I will take thank
you
