what is really coming down out here you
guys holy rain
what do you think is it a little bit
cold so so hard it keeps raining on
Saturday and that's the day that I plan
on mowing the lawn so this is going to
be two weeks of not mowing the lawn
which is great but my lawn is getting
way too long so our kids rarely watch
our vlogs but right now they're watching
a couple of them and having fun so I'm
showing them the Batman vs Superman vs
elsa video we just made little cubby
here is helping me we're making mom her
favorite breakfast so we have her
granola that she made and then we're
just cutting up tons of fruit pears all
right but you're gonna have some too ray
I want my breakfast this is my second
place when you wake up just around 6:00
a.m. every morning then by 9:00 you're
hungry for a second breakfast right
breakfast is often a meal that I've
skipped through my life but after eating
something like this you just feel good
through the day all right so I just woke
up and Jeremy gave me the best gift ever
of letting me sleep in and he got
breakfast already for me I love yogurt
and granola and fruit so I cheated with
Saturday start enough to
good start and it looks like the sun's
coming out so it's gonna be pretty was
it raining this morning
like a little bit yeah I separated that
part so my breakfast you came with an
attainment this way all right so we had
big plans this morning to take the kids
and meet up with some friends and do a
service activity at a nursing home in
our area and the plans fell through Lisa
and I decided to head out to do some
garage saling and I got money
your money any show you that yeah sure
what are they oh you have two of them
yeah I have a phone so clearly we are
all packed and ready in our area garage
sales are a big deal and whole
neighborhoods hold their garage sales
kind of at the same time so it's nice
you can just like go from house to house
which is awesome honestly I'm kind of
conflicted like I'm trying to do more
like minimalism and buy less and budget
to spend less but garage sales are
really fun but I don't want to go like
get a bunch of stuff I don't need so I
only brought a few dollars with me and
Elise and I we only have about 45
minutes so really we're just doing this
for fun but we drive into the
neighborhood and guess what it starts
raining so this day is kind of feeling
like a bus but we're still going to run
into a couple of places and see if we
can find something for a lease and her
quarter
let's see Alesia says the large ones are
$2.00 the medium ones are $1 and the
small ones are 50 cents oh that's a cute
heart pillow though
have it well it looks about medium-sized
so it might be like a dollar the lessee
chose that one okay
you can ask Lisi I will take thank you
so the lady was asking two quarters any
lease asked if she could pay or one
quarter and it worked out it was just
what we need right another stuffed and
stuffed animal thing but I like that
she's getting to like practice that
independence and learn to make a sales
transaction I guess so it's fun let's
head to another place
Neil easier you like in this garage sale
at two dollars
do you have $2.00 yeah okay so I found
this dress I think it's really cute it's
technically a maternity dress but I'm
hoping it'll look okay not maternity
because i'm not maturity and it looks
pretty see what you think of that i
really like it
awesome so how much did you pay for it
one quarter one quarter yeah have a good
day bye all right well I think we scored
there I'm excited to try on that dress
and see and this is actually kind of a
cute toy all right so you met up with
the resident family and one of our
favorite responses really excited we're
kind of doing a brunch for lunch today
so you excited little girls I forgot her
bib ah Andrea me like three things that
I needed to bring I forgot for him which
was one of the three things but Caleb
did go to the bathroom which was the
most important thing that's true
Jeremy's out with Laura but our food
just arrives I want to show it before we
get destroyed here's the Apple Cinnamon
pancakes the chocolate chip
farmers scramble and jeremy's West Coast
scramble
all right so I thought I'd share with
you guys my garage sale haul so I took a
total of six dollars and fifty cents
with me and I spent absolutely all of it
and here's what we got with it so I got
this green dress for 50 cents it's for
me these two shirts are both long-sleeve
shirts that will fit Elise in the fall
then I got two shirts for Isaac a pair
of shorts for Isaac and a pair of pants
for Isaac these little boots should fit
Laura in the fall and Elyse bought the
pillow and this toy and we got all that
for six dollars and fifty cents I feel
pretty good about that how's it goin I
missed the epic yawn I was trying to
grab it he named if you hang around long
enough I'm sure another yarn will come
so um tell him about the restaurant
how'd that go well I feel so bad
I was watching Laura and I forgot to
change her diaper before we left I just
totally spaced it I had changed her
diaper when I started watching her but
she ended up leaking out and was soaked
and I just felt so bad so I brought her
home and gave her a bath but he went out
to the van to change her and couldn't
find the spare clothes so he brought her
back in the same 1zo thick wait what
happened to the other clothes anyway so
the reason we went out to lunch today as
a family was because we had earned it
like as a reward for our whole family
we've been working really hard on doing
better at our family prayers like having
them in the morning and in the evening
and remembering to your family scripture
study every day so we've had a chart on
the wall and anyway when we checked off
a certain amount of days then we got to
have this reward so we went and I'm
really glad we earned it like it was a
fun reward it was just was kind of chaos
okay so I tried on the dress from the
garage sale with the lighting can you
see me okay yeah you look great Thanks
so it technically is I've been trying to
be dressed but I'm like oh no it just
feels comfy to me so I guess help me out
and let me know
comments if I really shouldn't keep this
dress but I'm thinking with like my jean
jacket jacket over it maybe it'll be
cute or I mean come on fifty cents it's
worth it I guess so
gotta lose some tummy weight so nobody
thinks I am Vanya all right well I'm
exhausted it has been a full Saturday
and yeah I'm tired
the Saturday ended with jeremy and i
going together to some church meetings
which is nice because we got to be
together on the way home we stopped and
got Panda Express you know I'm so bummed
though Kendra is saving half of hers and
I'm not so that means tomorrow on Sunday
she's going to be microwaving Panda
Express and I'm going to just be like
making a sandwich or something I hate
that I'm gonna have leftovers
anyway we were really excited because
yesterday we wanted to watch Shark Tank
together but we missed it and so when we
turned on the TV this evening it was to
shark tank which we rarely turn on the
TV so we're like sitting here watching
should I take while eating indulging and
some goodness it's pretty divine and I
think all of our kids are either asleep
or
they're at least being quite quiet yeah
might be is carrier bang Oh anyway
alright well that was our Saturday
thanks for coming along with us and Jay
has
I'm super me how do i do my razor eyes
try it try to make the laser eyes work
nibbler they are working
