hey kiddos come up it's time for family
prayer time for prayer alright I got the
kids with me it's take your kids to work
day um is that what you think I do at
work you guys excited I feel like that
kind of am aware here's my office I'll
show you guys around a little bit here's
another one of our conference rooms and
so we keep our piles down here you guys
want to see where we take the bad people
we put them in this vault over here oh
no we don't really do that to the people
welcome to my office
what are you gonna do another year in
charge hello say hi okay Isaac I need
you to click reply to that email okay
push send oh your sent an email for me
you did it
are you guys so I'm gonna pretend to be
the client and you be the lawyer all
right so here's my case I used to own a
business with a partner and then the
partner fired me and won't give me any
money for the value of the company what
should I do
what's what's that gonna do how is that
gonna help to go to court it can help
because then you go win yeah because
they always win
oh good these guys always win you should
use them you guys want to go to one of
the courts yeah you want to go down
there and see what it's like in court
yeah mom let's go
but this is where the jury would sit
they're the ones who decide the case you
want to sit down like you're a juror
yeah this is the best work I'm not
always that excited about it but I do
like my job you guys like fried ice
cream I wish I did this every day for
work so another thing I spend a lot of
time doing is writing here's an example
of a motion I wrote yeah pretty thick
huh okay click yeah you send in email so
many of the kids an example of a case
okay so I represented this lady right
here let's call her Susan okay hi Susan
so Susan came into this office and she
sat down right where you're sitting and
she talked to me and guess what she told
me she said hey guess what one day I was
out and I was at a red light and then
when the light turned green I started
going through and then this guy hit me
you believe that and guess what Susan
got really hurt Susan was in the
hospital for a long time she had to go
through all kinds of treatment and
things were really bad and then guess
what monster truck guys insurance
company said I'm only going to give you
not even enough money to cover all your
medical treatment because they were
claiming that they didn't cause the
accident they were saying it was Susan's
fault let's call this guy Brad Brad in
the monster truck he said it wasn't even
my fault it was your fault Susan and
Susan was like I didn't do anything
wrong
I was just stopped at a red light and
then when the light turned green
I went through the light and then I got
stretched oh my goodness bye Brad so
guess what Susan came to me and she said
Jeremy can you help me out I have all
these medical bills that I still need to
pay and I've been out of work for a long
time
and I need your help and so I said sure
I'd love to help you out and so guess
what we did we looked at the police
report and I took Brad's deposition you
know the deposition is I sat Brad down
in this room and I got to ask him a
bunch of questions under oath and guess
what yeah yeah this really happened I
mean I totally changed all the names and
genders and stuff but yeah pretty much
all the same okay so after doing the
deposition where I was able to ask him
all those questions it was pretty clear
to everybody that the accident was
probably Brad's fault and not Sue's
fault maybe did anybody every with Brad
not even Brad's attorney agreed with
Brad so that was pretty good for us
because when we went to mediation we
were able to help Susan pay off all of
her medical bills and have a lot of
extra money to make up for the time that
she missed off work and the fact that
she was going to have to have treatment
in the future we were able to take care
of all those things for wow isn't that
neat we were able to help her out yeah
so I do all kinds of different kinds of
cases oh that's just one type of case I
do is with these car accidents but
sometimes I'm helping people with
business disputes or contracts stuff
real estate hot chocolate
go ahead stir it up I'm gonna help me
with filing a lawsuit I'm doing a case
right now that's kind of similar to what
happened with sue I'm going to look up
to make sure that that is the right
counting I thought that you looked at
Twitter all day and I think that's not
what I do I'm actually preparing
petitions and looking up cases and
helping people out and going to court
and taking phone calls and emails this
guy mom just asked how how's it going
she's just called really good all right
yeah yeah me don't tell Caleb this do on
your phone doesn't okay okay tell her oh
we had ice cream all right
hey so much for coming to work with me
guys so what do you think Isaac you want
to be a lawyer mm-hmm totally why why do
you want to be a lawyer because I'm
finding outside the court
like the cars crash ooh your lawyer you
can play with toy cars on how about you
lease you want to be a lawyer
oh girl there's girl lawyers hey Caleb
how's your hair look I did it you did it
yourself
well it looks really nice can I see it
oh yeah that looks great the cutest
thing since Jeremy's gotten home today
laura has been taking books and carrying
them around following Jeremy and getting
in his lap and begging him to like movie
remember books just like a day or two
ago we posted me reading to Caleb the
red hat blue got green hat book and I
tickle him she keeps bringing me that
book and she's loving it do you get
tickled do you get a quick she did it I
got him go yeah conversation is below it
is a green like computer screen in Paris
that's not just like a thing of like
three towels yellow tags drum wall
please I heard the name that's my life
online
oh okay hey everybody
Oh a chick-fil-a I'm alone with the four
kids so when you come to chick-fil-a
what's your favorite sauce I really like
the Polynesian sauce it's good but the
chick-fil-a sauce is pretty good as well
ya see your brother yeah you taking care
of it
are you a mama
I
making friends Laura just waving the
random strangers in the store all right
so I survived my first live Google
hangout I say honestly get super duper
stressed about those like I don't know
why I don't know why that is so
stressful to me like I try to tell
myself like relax Kendra just relax but
it's kind of stressful to me so I also
this time had some technical
difficulties like all the screens froze
up at one point for me and I had to exit
the live hangout and come back and then
I didn't know like what was going on
with the questions and then another time
like it happened where I couldn't hear
one of the people but if you can't hear
one person in a live chat like you can't
hear a lot of the responses so I'm like
do I just smile and nod like I didn't
know what to do but I tried and the best
part of course was getting to know the
other ladies like these are ladies that
I truly admire and I'm just excited to
get to meet them okay did you guys have
had a chick-fil-a
mm-hmm a long day go eat or click dad
was a pretty good day today that's it
for us for tonight what do you guys want
to say Jay have Dow goodbye good night
goodbye so here's the deal
marriage in real life is hard it's
beautiful but it also kind of sucks
sometimes and I mean that in like the
best way possible but what's happened
recently is we've been really distracted
