and this my friends is Laura's little
favorite spot there we go
are you unloading the drawer oh are you
trying to get out yeah you want to get
out no no no don't push her in don't
push her it's really cool down is it
cold out this morning yeah well I'm
accident I would a shirt shirt oh that's
okay it'll probably warm up today
Oh
you've been looking pretty hard over
here what are you doing your favorite
vlogs oh my goodness okay well what are
some of the people on the list family
Matt and Chanukah who else
there's also Kate Arden I've Lois
awesome so those are ones you like to
watch Wow very cool so how about for you
guys who are some of your favorite vlogs
that you like to watch those are
obviously a bunch of logs that we were
watching before we started and we're
part of the reason that we decided to
jump into this while the world of
logging so let us know who are some of
your favorites
all right these two have been playing
baby
Loras rock and her baby Caleb what are
you doing oh she wants to turn with the
bottle can you give her the bottle for
her baby or she can do it right with her
body she can breastfeed her baby I think
she wants a trail or can you say please
how do you sign you sign please like
this oh look at her rocket that baby
yeah we all feeding the baby
oh now Iraq you're right there oh are
you vacuuming show me your vacuum oh
very nice lady
this is my girl and she's named Ali oh
very nice he's teething
George so there's George and there's Ali
okay wow that's a fun fun little family
you got there Caleb can you show me your
baby oh did she fall out all right
Jeremy's home it is time for a dinner
you weren't filming this guy wasn't
weekend anyway so we are having a walnut
chicken stir-fry for dinner
yummy let's go a little bite
and I stir-fried those walnuts and so
that's gonna go on top of their yummy
well I guess Kendra bought like tons of
raspberries then okay so we get to do
great for raspberries again what are you
grateful for it I'm grateful that you
can happen play Legos a lot yeah that's
super fun cubby what's your grateful for
little bit for that I'm not eating again
you can say that every single day all
right Lucy what are you thankful for
that we're going to destroy others
samples free samples that's definitely
something to be grateful for we're
grateful to have a marriage where we're
able to really talk through issues and
be honest with each other I am grateful
for my kids that have been playing so
nicely today I pictured a little bit
you're excited about ah you're excited
about sprouts ever going to you right
now as a whole family so I'm putting the
leftovers in the fridge and I open up
the fridge and look what I find I asked
Kahlo about it and he said I wanted my
hat to be cold so uh he just put it in
the fridge come on cool family let's go
cubby what are you doing
this is the one I would like to get it's
379 this one
none and so I'm trying to pick a
cantaloupe I'm pretending like I know
what I'm doing
how do you tell if it's good or not
Kendra and her little ducks waddling
through the story Kendra most excited
about the strawberry is great pineapple
this little girl living below she's
waving to everybody two three so here's
the deal
marriage in real life is hard it's
beautiful but it also kind of sucks
sometimes and I mean that in like the
best way possible but what's happened
recently is we've been really distracted
with like you know four kids work Church
vlog homeschool life and we've kind of
let our marriage sink a little bit lower
on our priority list and when that
happens surprise surprise it suffers and
so we've been having a harder time
talking without arguing and a harder
time just you know really appreciate
each other and being there for each
other and we've been both during the
field I disconnect yeah we've just spent
butting heads a little bit more lately
and one of the things I loved about
Kendra when we were dating is that she
is so open and talking about stuff and
she's honest with herself
and I try to be honest with myself and
we want to work through issues together
one of the things that I love to do you
know my undergrad was in family
counseling like I love this stuff and so
there's a couple books that I'm reading
right now and that always helps it helps
me put in perspective things that I can
do and things specific that I can work
on to try to help improve our marriage
situation so I'm enjoying that right now
and he talks to me about I'm sometimes
we read them together right now he was
reading one of those by himself but yeah
that's something that we have
to try to get ourselves out of a
marriage rut before another thing this
little book I just pulled this out today
and we're gonna start doing this it's
kind of cheesy but we're going to try it
one of the things that we both need to
do is be working harder at recognizing
and appreciating each other and saying
positive things about each other and you
know we just get into the rut of like
hey grab me that diaper hey run over
here hey you're late hey those kinds of
it becomes more and more of a business
relationship with all these you know and
we don't want that and so I had the idea
it's a love journal and I guess that's a
really cheesy name for it but the idea
is we've done similar things before and
it has worked for so the idea is I just
made the first entry today but I just
wrote to Jeremy and I just said five
things that I appreciated about him
today things I noticed you know thanks
for reading the marriage book thanks for
you know looking so darn good yeah
that's one of them thanks for looking so
handsome and so then the idea is I gave
this book to Jeremy today and so then
tomorrow he'll write some positive words
back and so just it'll go back and forth
between us so check up on us in a few
weeks and see if we're still doing this
because I really think it would be good
for us just to take the time to notice
and write down the good things that
we're seeing each other can help us
focus more on the positive because
there's so much positive there it's just
easy to get irritated with the negative
things when that's what you focus on I
do believe that we have a really good
marriage but really good marriage go
through hard times and they take work
and that's something that we have
neglected a little bit recently so it's
time to amp that up and go on some more
date nights and spend some more time
talking in the evenings and connecting
because that's just what it takes so you
know marriage and love is a choice and
anyway we will end with that so Jake
