so it's Tuesday today but for some
reason it feels like Friday which is not
a good thing because then I'm expecting
it to be Saturday and it's not the
weekend so don't get confused it's not
the weekend yet anyway the backyard is
greening up gorgeously I love it
as it gets greener and greener and today
the kids decided to all dress up as a
soccer team so we have our own soccer
team here today it's pretty awesome it's
nice of you to be pushing leafy alright
so we all know that some days are better
than others and today it's just not my
day for some reason I'm just having a
hard time with today and so I'm feeling
the need to kind of refresh and recharge
and have some time for myself so when
Jeremy gets home tonight he's going to
be on duty and I'm going to be off duty
and I'm really looking forward to that I
am going to run away to my favorite
place ever which is the library and I'm
going to sit in a corner at the library
and I'm going to look at some books and
I'm going to journal and I always like
take a notebook with me and like you
know just make lists and write down my
thoughts and stare off into the distance
and silence and it's lovely and after
that I also have to look forward to
tonight that a bunch of my homeschool
mom friends and I are getting together
to have dinner so I've got some good mom
talk and some quiet time ahead of me and
so that is pulling me through this
afternoon so on days like today when I'm
just like in a mom funk I try to one of
the things I try to remember to do is to
look for my successes instead of looking
at my failures because if I look at my
failures I'm gonna see them and they're
all over the place and all those be like
kind of downhill from there but if I
look for my successes and kind of remind
myself with the things that are going
well and kind of share myself on then my
day tends to kind of improve so that's
something I did today
and that helped me feel a little bit
better and I also had a long phone
conversation with one of my best friends
she lives in Idaho which is way too far
away but we were able to chat and I just
could like vent for a minute and she
listened and then she like totally
cracked me up and she just could relate
to what I'm going through she has four
little kids too I love friends like that
friends that just totally get where
you're coming from
and you can just be real and authentic
and you can call them when you're having
a bad day and they get it and they don't
judge and anyway good friends they're
worth their weight in gold
good one
she's really getting good at walking
yeah she's choosing to walk more and
more often and not choosing to crawl as
much just doing some reading Hey yeah
that's a good book uh-oh he's actors
daily yeah is that what happens in that
book oh my goodness look at you walking
ah you want to read with me there's like
nothing more tender in life than a baby
coming up and sitting on your lap with a
book it's the best thing ever
oh yeah I just remember absolutely
everything about the way she walks in
the way she talks it's just this is such
a precious stage I know she's gonna grow
out of it so quickly
all right Jeremy's home and he's getting
ready to feed the kids they're out on
the deck and I'm really excited because
I just took my purse and I took the
diapers and the wipes out of my purse
because I don't need them tonight have
fun I'm excited for you to get sometimes
items I think out with friends thank you
okay I'll see you to meet you guys have
fun mama we are eating dinner outside
it's a beautiful day and we are doing
grateful raspberries well we have salami
potty-train good one but I I mean that
was mine you stole mine I'm grateful
that you're potty-trained it's been
awesome okay we agree I'm grateful that
I'm gonna do flag football ooh he is
super excited about that we haven't
agreed to that but he keeps saying it
every single day as though it's real so
it's a good strategy for that I am gonna
do like this like I'm like doing a dance
Oh
I'm grateful for our mom who does so
much to help us out mmm was looking on
Facebook and saw that a friend lost
their little boy to a rare genetic
disease and the little boy is about the
same age as Caleb my heart just breaks
for my friend and at the same time so
grateful that my kids are okay anytime I
hear about a depth oh it's motivating in
a way it just makes you want to hold on
to every moment and to just cherish
every opportunity with my family with my
kids and so I'm thinking about that a
lot tonight and hanging out with the
kids
if you look at my elves did you get in
hell buddy
oh so when we were playing with the
hammock I was like I get anyone push me
I just fell back could you fall then I
got ya
did you get some Howie's like one two
see I got see how lose oh how we always
well mom's gone the kids are getting
ready for bed we're gonna watch a little
something fun and we're gonna have some
popcorn just love this your popcorn you
don't do this enough so good
unfortunately this is a somewhat healthy
kind so it's not quite as like super
thick and buttery I didn't want the kids
hands to be totally disgusting
ah she lets bad time how was the movie
hey we didn't watch all of it
yeah I'm just part of it you don't have
to scrub quite so ha ha is what do we do
before we go to bed
we're tricky family stretcher step our
father has a family it's me it's you all
others too we are his children for for
with God Oh God
nothing what he shall be impossible
sadly impossible well I'm really happy
that Kendra had the chance to go out and
have some fun with friends tonight we
have this goal of trying to get to bed
early tonight so I'm going to try to get
everything ready so that when she comes
home we can spend a little bit of time
together maybe finish watching the ante
movie that we got from red box like a
month ago and go to bed our bed time has
been too late like we've been going to
bed after midnight every night and a lot
of times after 1 o'clock
what's bedtime for you guys what time do
you go to bed or do you have like a
routine that you do one thing I love
with YouTube is getting to ask questions
and hearing your responses I mean I got
tons of feedback about cameras when I
was looking at those the other day and
even just hearing what your favorite ice
cream is or you know different
experiences that you've had with your
family it makes this whole YouTube
experience feel a lot more than just
standing alone in my kitchen talking to
a camera so it's so fun to hear your
responses so we appreciate that but I
want to get to getting everything ready
so I got to go Jay house out
you
you
