good morning what do I say next whatever
you want what do you want to tell the
viewers I would say what date is okay
what date is it I don't know
today's Monday Monday hello it's Monday
morning and I love you know I wish we go
outside and play the snow aren't you
loving the spring weather with all the
flowers and the trees going green Oh
the morning we're going at the eye
doctor ah Elise and Isaac both have
appointments with a pediatric eye
specialist
and thankfully caleb is out of
babysitters so I only have Laura to
wrestle with while we're here we are
here because Elise has had a wandering
eye it causes double vision
alright well we made it through our eye
doctor appointment um Laura is getting
to be such a busy age I'm really glad
that Caleb was having fun elsewhere
because she was definitely enough to
keep my hands busy and keep track of the
kids and everything that was going on
with them all right so we survived that
doctor's appointment but honestly we
came home all of us exhausted and I got
really lucky because Gary came home to
join me for lunch it's been a rough hour
let's be honest I'm gonna go put Caleb
down for his nap thank you he doesn't
come home too often for lunch anymore
but I was driving home and I knew that
we were all exhausted from the doctor's
appointment including me like my
patience was already running low and um
everybody was starving and so I called
Jeremy and said hey you want to go home
for lunch she was home for like five
minutes he's like how about I go back to
work now
anyway um I'm grateful that we're in a
position where he can come home and help
it in these moments we love having the
four little kids but there are moments
when really it takes two of us I was
putting on Caleb's pants and not paying
attention and what did i do cubby do you
run sing did I do the wrong thing I had
not put his feet in the right pant leg
blue hat green hat red hat did the
turkey put it on wrong I don't know if
you can see this but the turkey keeps
doing things wrong in this book huh
silly Turkey not sure washing water
clocks run plans for the clothes
Oh Sandra voided by Sandra Boynton she's
the author huh she did a great job blue
coat oops
yeah Garrett you are supposed to get
away Oh was it or okay blue coat oops
yeah yeah okay blue coat okay we got the
little kids down for a nap and now the
big kids and I are doing school and
cleaning up and right now we are
snuggling up to start a new book our
next book we're reading together is
Peter Pan well that was like the
weirdest thing ever
i sat down to read Peter Pan to the kids
and I just got so tired and I laid down
on a lisa's bed and I fell asleep and
Laura's napping i'm caleb fell asleep
and he least snuggled up with me and
fell asleep wow it's like a cloud of
tiredness that was like you just like
feel it like I was so tired it just it
makes a lot more sense why everybody was
like dying over lunchtime because
everybody was so tired but now this is
just gonna perpetuate the cycle like now
everybody's gonna go to bed later
tonight I'm sorry Jeremy and what we
need to be doing is getting everybody to
bed earlier but mm anyway I'm still
waking up and I've got to deal with some
of this mess in here
I don't want Jeremy to come home to this
so today is just kind of a weird day and
the house is kind of trashed I had like
three loads of clean laundry and a fork
because I already did one of them so
there are four loads of clean laundry I
hadn't cleaned up from lunch I didn't
make dinner like it's just kind of been
over your day anyway and so I challenged
Jeremy to an epic battle
Jerry come over here stop working
I challenge Jeremy we don't challenge
cleanup challenge there we go so I am my
what I have to do is fold all three
loads of laundry and put it away before
Jeremy I have to feed the kids of Daniel
clean up everything and do the dishes
but there was three full loads of
laundry like we've all been working so
hard and the kids are like cheering for
us it's been awesome we're in like fast
motion over here so the wager was
whoever wins gets to choose what we have
for dinner because we fed the kids like
peanut butter honey sandwiches and a
fruit and a veggie whoa but we had
quiche for lunch so that was why we okay
well I got to go finish off the dishes
because I know what I want for dinner
all right well I wish we had had one of
the kids vlog some of that because the
trash talk is the cheering the like
literally running German air like
sprinting across the room like hopping
over things but in the end we have a
clean house you have a clean house and I
get dinner no I totally official I
really better one yeah
we're just cleaning up Laura how did
that count oh but look guys so here's if
you remember our living room before
here's the after whoo look how much
nicer it is all right what's the plan
for dinner
Dave Ramsey style like we're we're like
just fast no dinner that's what we're
doing under that we don't have to clean
up or spend money nailed it
you come dancing here and everybody to
come on and dance flat
kinder and I in college took a modern
dance class together we're reminiscing
about those good times and he clearly
learned some incredible
very fresh
yeah
doing
sorry so she has been living right so
she used to kiss we're just the open
mouth kiss you know that oh but now
she's not puckering in Mama's dude mamas
do hmm kisses kisses we are here to pick
out some new glasses for Lisa new name
all right Lise you see these ones they
say nine dollars that means you can look
in this box and you can look in this box
oh you want red ones well we have to
work with the choices that we have wait
a minute hold them not let me see em put
them up to your face I think those are
the same ones you already have as we are
you can get the same once again though
if you want to alright so we least in
getting the exact same pair of glasses
because it's gonna be so cool you won't
think like you didn't even get new
glasses yeah like imagine that I am
lying Oh it'll be a little trick you'll
be our little secret
so Elise is choosing some glasses that
she wants me to try on these ones what
do you think pink and purple all right
let's see it
yes huh those are so cool thanks for
picking these out for me I swear my
sister had some just like this when she
was like 12
these are awesome great choices Thank
You goodness I tried to poke your eye
it's act it well it's 9 o'clock at night
or later caleb is still pounding on the
door trying to fall asleep we're eating
our dinner now it's true we went to
subway well I went to subway and brought
home subway so it was a full day thanks
for coming all the that was fun
uh-oh there's Caleb he knows now that
he's probably training but all he has to
do is say I need to go use the toilet
and then we have yet whatever he wants
yeah so that's gonna go happen I'll take
him to the bathroom
sheäôs out
