Austin dole invited everybody on Twitter
to come out to this 5k for his former
high school I was just talking with
Austin he's such a good guy anyway some
I thought I'd come out and support it
and say hi to awesome which is always
fun and this is only my second time
running this season so the 5k is gonna
be a little painful but we'll see how it
started we'll see how this goes well
it's a beautiful morning it looked like
it might rain and sorry I realize it's
really bouncy yeah walk while you're
running so thanks for being patient with
that so there does the people who are
like a mile ahead of me somehow
I really need to blow my nose I hate
that when you're racing like I would
snot rocket it but I don't want to hit
somebody that's just kind of
embarrassing well it's raining a lot it
just died down but it's been really
pouring little kids are ducking for
cover
mom's er and it's very petty crazy
I just can't keep up with that little
six-year-old he's killing he's seven and
he's seven and a half sorry he's
crushing me dang it
hey I think I can almost see the finish
line you guys it's like completely
soaked so I'm super excited
Austin invited me to come out with it
completely wet yeah I invited myself for
peanuts to me
I thought Austin didn't get electrocuted
he was like surrounded by wire
I can hit dry somehow before driving
luckily I was given a shirt so I have
something dry on right now but it's
always fun to meet up with other
youtubers obviously awesome I've met up
with him before I can't wait to get
Audrey and Caleb together so I know the
night mills are doing a meet-up here
sometime in the summer and it'll be
really fun to see those two together
Oh Caleb what are you and me doing now
yep it's a daddy puppy date what are we
doing alright so well I get my hair cut
Cubby's gonna sit and watch you just
watch in okay and what happens if you're
super good
there we go bribery most effective form
of payment so where are we we're at a
magical place cubby we're at a place
with all kinds of stuff that you could
ever want we're at Best Buy
so Best Buy has a smell to it you know
you walk in and it's a electronic smell
I don't know but it has a smell I kind
of like it we're looking at the DSLR
cameras I really like this one from
doing the research that I've done so far
and I'm no expert on cameras but the d50
300 for Nikon has pretty much all the
features I want and it's cheaper than
some of the Canon ones that don't have
some of the same specs the canons are
really good then and we already have a
canon DSLR it just doesn't have video
functionality but we're used to how it
works with the touch screen and
everything oh great
blah
our little vlogger cubby and I came home
from Best Buy I'm just so torn between
which camera to get as a DSLR it's a
really tough decision so I would love to
know your recommendations do you use
Nikon to use Canon do you use it for
video because that's what we're mostly
wanting to use it for all right so we
just picked up the kids from their
second birthday party today it has been
an epic Saturday and they were giving
kazoos in the tree bag it's awesome so
we are going on a date night yay
so our first choice of where to go
tonight was Cheesecake Factory but it
was gonna take too long so instead we
are coming to Texas Roadhouse and we're
really excited we're craving the steak
and let's be honest you know that
feeling when your dates food looks way
better than yours
I'm really excited but I just got the
steak it's not a spring right
Wow that's amazing
your needs terrible you
okay so we are here and we are price
matching with topping which is kind of
weird so it's 328 from one of these big
guys and I think we need two of them so
that would be like seven bucks on us
let's go see the other option we're
gonna be doing the whipped cream
challenge tomorrow tomorrow so we have
to get with stuff yeah that's the guy
228 Wow sorry guys we're not spraying
whipped topping we're just gonna dull it
I made the weigh-in for the diet vet so
I have a month until my next weigh-in
and I only have to lose point three
pounds so that's why he was able to get
french fries tonight yeah well in Iran
if I were like even in the ice cream
thing I haven't had ice cream for a long
time and I'm gonna get one of these
little cute ones oh are you gonna get no
but it's gonna be so good to eat some
ice cream but I if I buy one of the big
containers then I'm gonna eat at all so
I have to buy a little container alright
I think I feel like strawberry
cheesecake that sound good it's a really
good cookie down
what's you guys's favorite kind of ice
cream let us know in the comments all
right so we're here picking up the kids
and they are playing with ivy
she's playing peek a boos oh well
leaving Britain Michelle's house is
always pretty traumatic for the kids
it's so fun there and the dog is there
and their cousins are there so it's a
little exhausting doesn't help that
they're going home to bedtime J house
out where we're going next mom what do
you think should we move in here
