look at them at work how do you guys
like doing your tours together even fast
it goes even faster when you work
together do they smell good
smell of launders mmm smell them look
like you'll pop are we going to a park
today okay okay look no no no don't tear
them apart
what did this smell like it's like they
smell like honey what do you think they
smell like Caleb apple juice apple juice
so our neighbor gave us these and they
smell amazing
yeah hey Erica oh that would be fun we
need to figure out what they are
does anybody know what this is flower
what kind of a flower though smell it
Isaac have you smelled them yet
so I've been thinking about something
today and I've been thinking about
laziness and kind of choosing the easy
way because sometimes I'm tired and I'm
like I don't want to do this right now
I'm just gonna take the easy way out and
do X Y & Z a good example would be
getting up in the morning I don't want
to get out of bed right now I'm just
gonna stay in bed a little bit longer
anyway
when I'm taking the easy way out at
those moments what I'm realizing is it's
actually not the easier way out like it
might be simpler at that particular
moment but it might set me up for much
more difficulties later and I just have
been thinking about that a lot I need to
twist that shift that in my mind that in
those moments when I'm doing something
that feels hard I can remember that I'm
actually choosing what is going to pave
the way for a better day or is going to
be easier in the long run like
consistent discipline like if I'm
consistent and don't just let myself get
lazy in it it's actually simpler than if
I am inconsistent but that's been
something that's been on my mind lately
is shifting in my mind the way I think
about it so that in the moments I am
empowered to choose what really will be
easier in the long term which is often
not what is easiest at that moment all
right so we're having a picnic lunch
today and it was a really big deal the
kids all had to pack their own lunches
in their own lunchboxes and they feel so
cool are these your own lunches in your
own lunchboxes you waving at me
hi you hi beautiful okay someone at the
park has the coolest bubble machine ever
Laura found it on the way home from the
park we drove past someone who was
homeless on the side of the road and
they had a sign that they helped up and
it said lost job please help and I
anyway we're stopped as stoplight and
Issac looked out the window and he
noticed him and he said mom there's
somebody over there that's sad I said oh
tell me about it and he said he has a
sign it says lost job
please help and he said so he wants help
and I said yeah he does and he said well
so does he want ideas is he wanting
ideas of other jobs that he could do
because maybe he could work where daddy
works or maybe he could work somewhere
else it just was so tender to my heart
that that's the way that he looked at
that that he saw a way to help someone
in need
and that eat the baby that was on the
other camera where you making faces at
me okay I just can't help myself
look at her Laura I just can't help
myself look at this little girl yeah you
can do it you can do a big girl come on
keep walking
oh good job Laura hey handsome did you
just wake up oh you got a call I said
did you hear her going somewhere fun all
right so it's Friday night and we'd hope
to go on a date tonight but we
procrastinated getting a babysitter so
we are lucky enough to have the whole
crew with us
yay date night with the kids yeah is it
a family date you guys yeah anyway and
Jeremy is being amazing and indulging me
in one of my daydreams I have kind of
always wanted to look at campers and RVs
I know that sounds a little bit crazy
but I just daydream of the adventures
that our family could have in them and
it's not something that we plan on
getting right now this is like a date
ring this is a years from now thing but
I just wanted to come look and so he's
being a sweetheart and coming with me I
actually kind of enjoy it I don't know
how to be with the kids but when we were
in college Kendra and I one of our
favorite dates would be to do Parade of
Homes we would go and look at all these
amazing homes and at the time we were
living in some basement dump apartment
and we would be analyzing all the ins
and outs of what we liked and didn't
like and so I'm kind of excited mr. B I
think it's fun to daydream like it's fun
to think about possibilities and think
about what we could do and so anyway
here we are daydreaming
come with us check it out we're actually
here
you make it Haemon up yeah oh yeah you
can what do you think mom this is I
don't work
Isaac if we were traveling across the
United States in our RV where would you
want to visit Florida at least where
would you want to visit Italy oh okay
hopefully we can make it there you play
your fires please where we going next
mom what this is legal legit house wait
welcome home what do you think should we
move in here
Jeremy's talking shop learning all about
the finances and whatnot
and the differences of quality and
different things all right so we picked
up some pizza on our way home and cooked
it and so we are having Papa Murphy's
pizza and we're eating outside where
it's gorgeous do any more done ooh did
mommy make some cookies Shelia Doug who
are these are cookies they're cookies
they're circle Wednesday I thought they
were black because cookies are flat
they're usually flat huh these ones are
kind of saying puffy we don't really
know why yeah kind of different yeah
all right guys let's check so the kids
have been playing a pretty fun game on
the hammock check this out was really
fun to go and look at the RVs and I
think more than anything the idea of
going on a road trip with the family
sounds really exciting right before my
parents got divorced we went on this big
family trip and we have a ton of it on
video and I can think of the video in my
mind you'd of the 1993 family vacation
and I remember after my parents got
divorced watching that video over and
over and over again we went to Mount
Rushmore to Yellowstone and camped there
and it's just one of the greatest
memories of my childhood was that
experience and the idea of being able to
give that to our kids and our family to
have those memories is a special thing
and so it's exciting to daydream I know
we don't have to have a camper to go do
those kinds of things but it's fun as
our kids are getting older
about the adventures we're going to have
I'd love to hear from you guys some of
the trips that you've gone on family
vacations or those types of things that
were really significant for you growing
up or that you're doing now and I hope
that we can soon in the future show you
some of the adventures that we're going
to go on thanks Jay House out please
subscribe please please bye
I never want to be painting some sort of
a picture that were some like perfect
family we're preserving our memories and
just like any normal people we would
rather number the good than the bad and
we'd rather film the good than the bag
like you know we're all fighting and I
don't think you I should grab my camera
this is cute
