so these two are just making my heart
melt building together what ooh I like
it could
don't let your booty stick
nice good building friends so when we
first started having them play with
blocks together Laura was hitting Caleb
a lot with the blocks and Caleb what did
you say to her and then what did you
show her he said be soft be soft and he
was so patient and he said it over and
over again 'she hit him with blocks and
now look she hasn't even item with
blocks anymore I love watching them have
these moments to play together
I should be folding laundry or cleaning
off the kitchen table but instead I'm
just sitting here admiring how they're
playing together and playing with them
okay so I've been trying to sneak a
chance to vlog all morning and I think I
finally found a moment so um I just
wanted to talk with you guys I
sometimes actually have a really hard
time expressing myself so I hope that
this comes out okay but I did a video a
couple days ago talking about how I feel
like mana guilt and things like that and
a lot of the comments they were so sweet
yeah it made me feel bad because I never
want to be painting some sort of a
picture that were some like perfect
family we're preserving our memories and
just like any normal people we would
rather remember the good than the bad
and we'd rather feel the good than the
bad like you know we're all fighting and
I don't think though I should grab my
camera this is cute so um you know some
of the reason that we film and show what
we do is because that's what we want to
remember I don't know I guess we'd like
to share goodness um but I think a big
part of sharing goodness is being real
and authentic and I think I've really
struggled with that sometimes it's hard
to learn or the skill or it's a talent
that I'm working on trying to get that
to be able to talk to a camera that I'm
just holding here in my room and try to
be authentic and share in vulnerable
ways um I'm an insecure person or at
least I have insecurities I have fears I
have worries and I guess it's hard to
put the imperfect version of yourself
out there and I also don't want to be a
channel that's like whiny and annoying
to watch and so I mean I know you guys
all have your own problems to deal with
you probably don't want to hear about
all of mine but it also does help to
know that other people have problems too
so yes we have problems don't you worry
I guess what I'm saying is we're gonna
try to keep working on the vlogs and
help make them more authentic like we
really enjoy sharing our fun moments and
we really enjoy sharing our adventures
and I just want to also keep working on
being real and keep working on not
letting my own insecurities get in the
way of that or okay I'm done rambling
now all right so this morning we are
going to make some homemade granola I
love our homemade granola recipe it's
super yummy and I'm sure there's more
nutritious ones out there but we like
ours so yogurt was on sale yesterday and
I bought like four tubs of it and
berries were on sale so I had to buy
berries so if I'm going to have yogurt
and berries
I need granola with it so I'll try to
remember to share this face this recipe
on my Facebook page and if I forget
don't feel bad reminding me you can just
ask me for it but we love it so here
goes
it's super easy like for the longest
time I heard of people making granola
and I was like wow they must be like
domestic goddesses like they must know
what they're doing in life and it's
actually just real easy so don't feel
intimidated if you've never made granola
before just try it you won't regret it
okay then we need a big bowl can you
look at a big big bowl it won't fit in
there we're gonna make lots of granola
and you don't like be this tall yeah and
then it would tough all over when we're
stirring we need a big bowl you'll get a
big bowl for me and it'll be like this
this oh you want that big of a bowl on a
why's that much and that all you guys
are like crazy your NOLA people whoa
Gigantor bowl brown mm-hmm brown then
read the next word sugar sugar good job
hi I'm John thanks and I'm learning how
to read Caleb what are you doing 3 be
really careful Hey look at that my Mac
blog can see it says 2 teaspoons of
vanilla
well you know what Romero
what do you think of care what do you
think of wadding and also what do you
think I'm making and all those are good
questions is it yeah oh alright horse -
yeah all have you ever seen horse food
yeah it's green oh it's green and it's
like way huger than this high lawmaking
or yes you could fly it and they're
already hmm oh my gosh this girl is so
fussy today like it's like this non-stop
wine but I tried everything that I think
yeah so I'm gonna go try to put her down
for now this isn't annoying all those
days when your kids just like whining
and screaming stop by be gentle some
romance as a mama yeah bye Hey look what
did you say about your raspberries but
want a date
alright so in our family this is what we
do with raspberries we put them on our
fingers and then we say what we're
grateful for and I'm eatable for that we
made granola you guys like it kind of a
funny lunch huh
alright so we are ready for our next
read aloud we finished little house in
the Big Woods it was a big hit you guys
like it uh-huh
you did alright so a reader suggested
this next book to us and our next book
is going to be encyclopedia brown
alright well look I finally got ready
today
and Jeremy's home from work we had
dinner and cleaned it
we've been playing games and now I think
the girls are going to head out on a
walk and the boys are going to stay at
the house and Caleb and Isaac want to
ride bikes and Jimmy really wants to
clean out the van side sure all I do
point out them then I realize that we
have a lot of footage of the kids on
their bikes but it's just so cute
you
all right caleb is hop with me you my
little Humbert he's helping he's holding
all right we're at home from our walk it
was gorgeous I love listening to all the
birds and I'm happy because why Caleb
tell them yeah we got the hammock up yay
really dirty right it's really
disgusting we need to clean it but it's
so relaxing to just lay out here on the
hammock hey with the kids it's really
relaxing to be out here with the kids
I hear that that's amazing oh she wants
to come
she wants to comic time with Laura so at
the garage sale I saw it there and I
didn't even want to pay money for it or
take it for free like I was like uh no
it was in really disgusting condition
and then Jeremy Scott he's like oh yo
will totally take that and I was like oh
my gosh and then he came home and he
cleaned it up and it's been amazing so
win for Jeremy right there is this thing
even safe anymore Jeremy I don't know
honestly it might fall at any time but
it's a short fall we would be okay I
don't know what this one thinks of it
what are you doing
loving the hammock getting this room for
one more
yeah get on I mean we might fall in
although wants to go to bed but um who
wants to go to bed Oh usually she says
me when you ask a question
it's that time dude Oh fresh me J house
SAP goodbye tonight well Jeremy I hate
to say this I think our kids need up
