previously on J house vlogs alright so
the kids have something to tell you guys
we have a new cat and and it's all ours
oh it's ours what's its name
all right so here's scratch
hello scratch well Jeremy I hate to say
this I think our kids need excited about
it you think we should give the cat some
food so Jeremy so we got a cat
apparently the kids are pretty excited
oh you don't even know the half of it
it's gotta be some kind of neighbor's
cat it has to be it's like way to train
yeah I guess we're borrowing a pet hi
I'm gonna text my neighbor and see if
it's hers all right it's diabetic every
month on the 15th I weigh in to see if I
met my goal
what is today I've been preparing to do
the weigh-in for the dietbet because I
thought today was the 15th but it's not
it's never registered tomorrow I'm gonna
do with a diet that weigh-in is scratch
a boy or a girl how can you tell
yeah me and Caleb down okay left check
and see is it a boy or a girl
we got a check check and see are you
alright yeah boy
let's just go halfway we we don't know
you know that he like he straight we
know that he likes ropes and we know
that he likes the top of plastic water
okay shake it around Caleb shake it
around man if the cat is more from the
launcher Caleb he just finished reading
the book tip Elon stockings together and
I remember seeing the movie when I was a
kid you're making funny faces aren't you
anyway and hippy the way that she mops
her floor is she puts like rags or
sponges and attaches them onto her feet
and she just like skates around the room
and that sounded really fun so Elise and
I decided we want to try it I'm like
giddily nerdily excited like I have
always wanted to try that why have I
never done it before so today's the day
now's the moment we're gonna mop this
floor gasps crowd screaming Dan just go
scrub
well you just never know what you're
going to find when you come upstairs so
really I'm a total type a neat freak and
I just try to let myself out of the box
everyone smile and be a fun spontaneous
mom but yeah I'm definitely going to mop
with a real mouth afterwards this was
fun I don't know hacking my floors all
right well we got home and scratch is
still here and Isaac is overjoyed about
it you should have seen Isaac's face
light up when he saw scratch say good
night to her I think she loves you buddy
thank you right here all right let's go
to bed maybe she'll be here in the
morning okay she's playing with you she
wants to play one more game before she
goes to bed
all right well tonight I had the chance
to go to like a women's night gardening
class which was pretty cool really cool
and really intimidating like it made me
aware of how little I know I feel like I
have the heart of a gardener like I want
to garden if I have no skills and no
knowledge and I'm kind of scared to try
let me show you guys something huh a
plant I know look at this this is the
Sun sugar cherry tomato so maybe if we
don't grow anything else this year we
could put this in like a pop Isaac he is
such a big heart
he's like heartbroken about not being
able to have scratch just be in our
house with us and sleep in his bed with
him and anyway scratch is still waiting
just right outside the door so literally
like right baby scratch scratch are you
just waiting for Isaac to company with
you so I think it's
preparing I have some pretty serious
discussions about pets so that's a big
topic
it's so overwhelming de for kids that
it's overwhelming the ER to think about
having you know like how do we take on
another so I'm you're growing up I had
pets and I loved it you know going on I
didn't have pets so it's not something
I'm familiar with like it's way outside
of my comfort zone but pets
automatically mean expensive dirty messy
when you're like a little kid there's so
many good things about it but there's so
many hard things there's such great
experiences for the kids and such great
playmates for the kids and anyway I can
see how a pet is a really wonderful
thing so should we get a dog or a cat or
a fish should we stick with the birds
that are out there I don't know what
should we do and what kind of pets do
you guys have we'd love to hear about
them
would like to hear about your pets I'm
honestly a little bit nervous to jump in
there I just can see how especially for
certain of our kids personalities it
would be wonderful
okay anyway I apologize that Jeremy's
probably not in the vlog too much today
it's because he goes to work Walden yeah
but I have been doing tons of periscopes
there you go live stream Jeremy go to
periscope if you haven't been on there
it's really fun it's just raw unedited
livestreams you can go back and watch
them during the last like two days ago
we didn't want a couple days ago of us
playing gestures together it's hilarious
it was pretty fun and then tonight Caleb
locked me in his room after bath time
and he was out here like eating food and
I couldn't get out and I live streamed
it was really funny I'll shred anywho on
that note Jay how's that doing I just
need to have more realistic expectations
and be gentler on myself and celebrate
my successes because I'm not a perfect
mother but I am a mother that loves her
kids and is trying
