miss Li si what did you just do I tried
makes you for my first time let's see it
lets see it
oh my goodness you did all right Caleb
had to show you guys how he knows how to
put on his shoes okay these are Barbie
from those are called hand-me-downs
they're from Isaac these are from my
brother and I in now they're mine and
I'll show you how I put them on well
first we have to put them on the correct
foot huh
um this actually goes on this foot no
yeah that one good work this he'll I
don't wanna be like wow you did that so
nicely ooh fancy pants you did me please
help me to run my long game exercise and
help me - I do jumping jacks oh let's
see your jumping jacks nailed it
alright so this morning we are coming
out to like a kids kind of play farm
oh you have a hat on hey oh you got to
get off to milk the cow she's got to get
off to milk the cow whoa you are good at
milking the cow I don't know
you're gonna melt the cow can you melt
the cow - MS Laura do you see the cow
Jessica paster hi cow you saw horse
caleb got a map and he is very intent on
it
where's the teepee the teepee is right
there it is let's go there
you
all right we're going to go in and pet
the baby goats
I'm so excited they're adorable Wow
she loves them oh my goodness what do
you say Oh are they playing together
yeah you see the horns growing out
Oh
and now we are literally running to the
potty are you gonna go potty alright
three thoughts for you number one I do
not enjoy potty training while going on
adventures number two at least he didn't
have an accident like way to go Caleb
and number three I could not go on these
kinds of adventures without mom friends
like really I just couldn't so I'm
really grateful for the friends that
come out with us and go places and yeah
they make it possible
you
you
you
I'm the one
what is this one open it up what is it
it's a toaster that's so cool every good
field trip should end at a partner it's
a little windy out but it's really nice
so we're enjoying our picnic lunch it's
fine now let my friends alright so we
survived our field trip I feel like I
say that every week I love our field
trips they just make for exhausting days
so we sat here and we read some little
house in the Big Woods and I just have
been loving a read-aloud time something
that's been really standing out to me as
I read these books with the kids is how
many great lessons of value are in the
book lessons about like honesty and hard
work and sometimes I feel like I just
lecture my kids like hey we need to be
working harder hey you know stop whining
or something like that and I think it's
actually a lot more powerful to read
these stories and hear you know what
happened to little Laura when she didn't
obey and I just love teaching kids
values through the medium of reading
with them after field trips I have the
kids record their experience in their
like nature field trip journals and I
love even Caleb does it and I love
hearing their experiences and what they
remember Elyse is so careful with her
drawings and she draws all these
experiences that she had and I just love
seeing those and Isaac does a great job
of writing he usually writes several
things that he learned in his favorite
parts and I just love it
alright Lisa can we see yours and so
what Dad you're still not done
so what touch what's this picture and oh
last room that's when you were in this
school and what's this picture when we
we tend to squeeze the water up when you
pretended to milk the cows yeah and then
what's this a horse Caleb what did you
just add yeah whoo that's a teepee so a
good friend of mine sent me a link on
Facebook it was about mommy guilt and
how instead of mommy guilt and counting
all the failures that we have
today we should look for all the ways
that we are succeeding and have some
mommy pride for the good job that we're
doing it was a really timely article
good for me to read today's been a good
day so I guess I feel like I can
actually talk about it but um I'm an
incredibly imperfect mother and that is
solely for me like I so desperately want
to be this amazing mother to my kids I
get that you guys see the good that
happens in our world but there's a lot
of moments that don't get filmed or get
edited in of me snapping at the kids or
my house is a complete wreck or I'm in
my pajamas all day or I'm just grumpy
and irritable and on my phone too much
that day or undistracted and not focused
on the kids or I just yell or I just am
impatient and get so angry and there's
so many moments like that and it's so
easy for me to feel mommy guilt and have
it keep me up at night and have the kids
go to bed at the end of the day and I
just crash and I just feel like such a
failure it's definitely true like I
definitely need to improve motherhood is
a refiners fire for sure um but I also
need to give myself benefit for the
things I am doing well and not have such
crazy unrealistic expectations because I
really do I just was thinking about that
as I read the article like what do I
expect do I expect to have infinite
patience because I'm pretty sure the
only person with infinite patience is
God so no wonder I'd crack at the end of
the day or in the middle of the day or
sometimes in the morning and you know
I'm not going to be a perfect
disciplinarian I'm not going to be
perfectly selfless I'm not going to get
dressed every day like I just need to
have more realistic expectations and be
gentler on myself and celebrate my
successes because I'm not a perfect
mother but I am a mother that loves her
kids and is trying alright so the kids
have something to tell you guys we have
a new cat and and it's all ours
oh it's ours what's its name
