why are you staring at me Madeline and
ceremonia alright happy Sunday we are
enjoying a quiet afternoon over here
it's kind of overcast and it just feels
kind of calm I guess probably mostly
because Katelyn and Laura are both
napping at the same time which is lovely
and now Jeremy is multitasking and he is
coloring with Elise and playing chess
with Isaac I had the chance to go
outside and read a book I read like 50
pages of a book just sitting out it was
B it's it's a little bit chilly but like
the scrolls the squirrel sadness girls
the squirrels are running around on the
branches in cycle watch then you can
hear the birds out there and I was just
reading it was really relaxing so it's
been a really great thing we see how's
your coloring going good whoo I like her
lips yeah uh princesses love wearing
mascara and makeup and they like those
oh so she has lipstick and crowns on
yeah well she looks really nice and it's
Sophie oh is that something very fun
isak who's gonna win this game
I don't know I'm working on dinner and
what we are having is we are having some
breaded pan-roasted chicken and
vegetables here's the pineapple that I'm
going to cut up here's the veggies that
we're going to pan roast and there's the
roles that are rising blocks is one of
our favorite family games and we
realized that we were actually all here
and available to play so we are playing
four players all at the same time on
rocket and the kids are doing awesome
essentially at this point we've all
gained up on bad I can't stop me I'm
coming I'm fighting my way through ah
least did you block him and I'm coming
oh I'm gonna
that spot up so you keep beauty and I'm
gonna fight my father so you see no I
come in I'm gonna infill tree oh yeah
did you do a good move just block
alright Jeremy
how'd it go for you these are my pieces
remaining oh oh it's an omen and one
extra on the side I'm a loser
plus a team all right
Lacey how many did you have left three
more three more that's amazing Isaac how
many did you have left 400 what's this -
I just left one piece left i won so mr.
Caleb has not been napping very well
this week and it's mostly been because
his bedroom has been super bright so
what had happened was Caleb had
literally taken the blind slats and
broken them in half that singer so Jamie
literally took tape like packaging tape
and tape the slats back together see
like right there so it still looks
really terrible but it's dark and look
what happened
Cana well did you get a nap
all right here this mile how are you
how was your nap table to have any
dreams all you did what kind of dreams
did you have but you had a dream about
daddy what happened to Daddy in your
dream I don't know that sounds like a
scary dream were you scared yeah we'll
be sure that daddy is safe in the water
okay son yeah so dinner turned out
amazing
how are you sure at this point I like
amazing it looked really cute at one
point sorry that's the ugly version of
it Caleb what are you doing over here
you build a skateboard yeah then you are
a what do you see out there digibirds
she's trying the same bird how cute is
that
it's a snuggle party over here
laura is jumping in you come in I was
like I want outside another
hey mommy I love my children I love you
all along have already little snuggle
snuggle get me out of here
give me animal friends it's a tickle
favor
Kendra doesn't really like getting super
hey so I was just standing here with
Lacey talking to her and I said hey hold
on a minute I had to sneeze and I was
like getting ready to sneeze and what
did you do and I was like uh but it made
my sneeze go away all right so if you
ever have to sneeze just have somebody
close to you press on your nose really
hard together yeah okay let's go back to
beauty I think I need a sneeze hmm oh
you were too late you didn't quite get
there on time
buddy what did you just do
you went poopoo in the toilet
why are you whispering I tell you look I
tell you what now
okay Koopa damn hate bees I'm so proud
of you so he did great at church today
he went three times I got to take in and
then nah he took a nap today without a
diaper on and he is dry so he's just
really progressing we're really happy
about it okay let's wipe that bum good
night viewers did not I love you how
good day but salmon yeah
not mm6 matter them why are you staring
at me letting them and ceremonia oh it's
Matt Newman salmon yes staring at you
yeah cuz you're so stinking cute I can't
see you can you imagine the closure eyes
can you imagine
Metin m and Sam and Nia can't see them
but can you think about them in your
mind did end until a they are yeah I BPD
you guys out by
no I want you to stay little so I can
eat you
