we've had an exciting morning the kids
just had a snack ants on a log look at
this little face she got peanut butter
all over so Kendra is that freezer group
so she's going to bring home like 10 to
12 freezer meals that go into our
freezer that will eat over the next
month
I gave Laura about this morning she
pooped in the bathtub that's always
exciting can you believe it she pooped
in the bathtub yeah literally girl so I
got to clean that out it's a beautiful
day we're going to do some yard work and
get a lot done
hold on tight alright so Jeremy's mowing
the lawn I actually love mowing the lawn
too but he gets two today oh lucky dog
the kids are outside riding bikes so
Saturday
these are my stuff laughter dolly gentle
tree boo you look nice
all right check out Lisa's little
invention here is my little baby and I
stick it together so you can take your
bear on a walk
good job
all righty left how old are you and but
I feel like I don't like princesses
because this temp it's at five right but
guess what is this fight the right size
for you
so he's been begging us to ride a bike
and we just figured out that if we
lowered the seat enough this old bike
was right for him push hard push forward
no daddy give you a little push
Oh brakes Caleb what do you think of
riding a big boy bike good good
this mine oh is that one yours now it's
got a basket which is kind of nice you
can put stuff in it you've been watching
Isaac right and he's like I want to do
it push on it there you go
pushing
you're growing up too fast a little
goober
no I want you to stay little so I can
eat you
we're going on a mommy-daughter date
with my mommy first we are gonna go pick
up and get my new shoes and then me and
mom are gonna have a treat
first we figure out what size she is
there we go
you like the frozen ones okay I found
another flip-flop but it's cuter see
that's totally an upgrade from my
regular ones cuz all I wear slip-ups
what if they fit me oh I think they
might fit you oh my goodness what do you
think of those I never had high heels
before oh do you just love those didn't
wait didn't we come here for running
shoes yeah
third those running shoes yeah what they
look so cute they do look so cute oh
they have Elsa on them that is beautiful
okay let's go look for running shoes oh
my goodness which one do you watch me on
first
alright so now we are in Donald and that
we ordered our ice cream what what's
your favorite flavor vanilla you like
that so I gave her tons of options like
we go to a cupcake group you can go to
bakery and get a cookie we can go to
baskin-robbins and pick any flavor and
she said no vanilla is my favorite I
want to go to McDonald's and I'm trying
to take a boo but what if you cool okay
show me your little bikes
my lips are cool because your lips are
covered in ice cream uh-oh
all right so we got a lot done today and
most importantly we got our taxes done
feels good and it all my gig deal took
us an hour which is good like kendra has
a really good filing system and so we
just pulled it out and like we had all
the papers together and we use the same
like software that we used last year and
so a lot of everything was like already
set in but still like it's one of those
things that like sits on your head and
in your mind and on your shoulders and
you feel the weight of it for like
forever and it's like we need to get
that done we need to get that done and
we finally just sat down and did it yes
more importantly we got a refund too
which is even more important yes all
right so after we had finished so much
today we rewarded ourselves by going out
to culpers for dinner and it was really
good so anyway that's our Saturday for
you it was a good day we're looking
forward to Sunday and other nice day as
a family time to go to church and relax
to spend time together before another
busy week gets stirred in okay Jay house
out late oh she's so cute
and Laura's precious - oh thank you
