so we get this girl up in the morning
check out this pair and the first thing
she does as soon as we see her in the
morning is sign one thing jump at that
she signs it like as soon as we see
she's like taking her clothes off like I
want to take a bath these two are
playing together so cute this morning
Caleb came in and tried to like drag
Laura's arm and I ran over I'm like what
are you doing dear sister I said I want
her to come play with me set a baby all
right so we came out to the park with
some friends this morning the weather's
gorgeous has been really nice for the
kids to be able to run and play this
park has a like running track all around
the outside and the kids have been
running laps so I'm really excited about
how much energy has been burned Caleb
got to have his first experience eating
the trees so there's that
we've been studying teeth this week
since he lost his two front teeth he's
been pretty interested in that and so
he's diagramming a tooth what's the
hardest part of the tooth yeah where's
the enamel on the very outside good job
anyway
I for one am kind of exhausted I'm ready
for it to be Friday and then yet I look
ahead at the weekend and the weekend
doesn't look any easier we have got to
get some yard work done at our house and
we've got to get our taxes done in the
u.s. like you really have to get your
taxes done by April 15th and it's a four
xi like we got to get that done next
pick a car to park on the word you blue
you did that so fast
okay how about the word on your car's
fly in parking lots nice work
so I got a mow the lawn tomorrow and the
kids have all these sticks on the grass
and we're playing a game to see how many
sticks we can do in one minute as a team
get sad
three two she's so cute
and Laura's precious - oh thank you
hey guys ready she's already going on
your mark get set
I really love taking care of the yard
like I love coming out mowing it getting
it looking nice it just takes so much
time and that is the commodity that is
most valuable in our life and it's hard
to give it up for anything
so misuk chicka chicka
alright we're doing Chicka Chicka Boom
Boom a told B & B told C I'll meet you
at the top but the coconut tree you do
we we we said D to e FG I'll beat you to
the top of the coconut tree
ChaCha Bom Bom Chicka Chicka Boom Boom
will there be enough room here comes H
up the coconut tree and I J and
tag-along cave o we have the coconut
tree Chicka Chicka Boom Boom will there
be enough room look who's coming there
were so many birds that when they were
packed tightly and tied together they
made a bundle almost as big as pop very
early one morning PHA strapped the
bundled furs on his shoulders and
started to walk to town so Laura was
having a hard time sleeping and I got
her out of bed and look she's just
snuggling with me hi I'm just loving
this moment and Jeremy and I enjoy
watching the shark tank and that's
what's on right now so I think part of
the reason that I love the shark tank so
much is that I really do have this dream
of someday creating some kind of
invention that simplifies and
revolutionizes the world so I'm one of
those people where I have just tons of
ideas like I'll come home to Kendra be
on Kendra I have this new idea and
she'll be like um well that's stupid or
depending yeah usually it's him getting
out of the shower or off the toilet and
he's like I had a great idea I'm like
yeah we do you're about it some of the
ideas are big though I love seeing the
new products I just think it's fun
seeing people's creativity and seeing
the negotiating I think we've logged us
watching shark tank before it was a long
time ago we would love to know what your
favorite TV shows are that would be fun
I would love to hear that what are your
favorites share in the comments below
you see that tree house and here's the
monstrous
you did it's time to get this little
girl the bed Jane how's our and then we
were told we could go wander around the
restaurant and see everything which is
what we're doing
