door here I go
she wants to be just like you guys guess
what cub I need to mow the lawn we're
back to that type of season because
everybody else's lawn looks good in the
neighborhood except ours okay so we are
headed for the first time to check our
peel box we have never done that before
so we'll see you there
jeremy and my sunglasses Oh Lisa's got
moves
all right so we are here checking our
peel box for the first time and we can't
remember what the number is so Jeremy's
I thought it was on the key but that
number isn't good so he's just checking
everything in this region Jimmy might
just get out your phone and look up on a
video description not the bottom in the
description of our videos is where our
address is that's right here Jerry was
so close there it is oh I was turning it
the wrong way you're supposed to turn
left oh there you go so I did got a
package from Japan excited to see what's
in there
oh my goodness
who's it from mom it's from Jimin Lynn's
log fun hey washer I said did you see
this
alright so it says hey Isaac when I was
your age I was home-schooled too but I
didn't know the president's like you do
when Carly Oh
read over here my name is Karl horn
Carolyn yeah alright this was from the
bracket tears Thank You brackets ears we
appreciate it
hide it alright now we're gonna open
this goodness a gift from Joey and Jimmy
they said that they wanted to treat us
to dinner at a restaurant and they send
up a gift card to go to t-rex cafe with
them not with them unfortunately
although that would be even cooler so
but they sent it to us to go to try this
new restaurant do you guys want to go
dinosaur boy yeah
this place is so cool
we were seated and then we were told we
could go wander around the restaurant
and see everything which is what we're
doing even their bathroom is cool here
so while we're waiting for our dinner
the kids are here in the exploration
section
when our food is ready they're just
going to come get us and say y'all
food's ready how cool is that
my favorite too Oh is your new favorite
place I can't imagine why
so Kendall is saying that she thinks
it's possible
her hamburger is less calories than
myself
it's a good salad it's just a lot of
dressing on it and a lot of like bacon
and egg chicken
yeah geez the infant
more just Jeremy Sanson is that good
the kids are really excited they just
ordered dessert we're normally really
cheap or we got to the restaurant we
won't get drinks or deserve appetizers
so this has been a real treat oh my gosh
this is like the cutest dessert I've
ever seen
she ordered chocolate or left my heart
oh that's ginormous
this is Joey and Jimmy give this to you
what do you say
all right so the peel box was really
excited was exciting to open it up and
there was something there so I think all
the kids are excited they're like when
can we go check the feel box again I'm
like uh not very it's not gonna be full
it's not a magic box is open I think was
a little bit like when he first opened
the letters Isaac was just kind of like
taking it in he's like wait who are
these people wait what's going on if you
read them and he devoured them and then
he was like mom Carolyn likes this and
Carly went to a volcano and Walker does
this and he was so excited so he already
has big plans to write you all back so
we'll definitely get that taken care of
thank you so much for writing him it
really you should have seen his eyes
light up as he devoured the letters
thanks again to Joey and Joey for giving
us that night at the dinosaur restaurant
that was awesome
we just appreciate all the support it
means a lot to us and I just want to say
to Joey and Jimmy thank you like not
only was that incredibly generous but it
was really amazing to me like how well
you know our family like that was just
the perfect adventure for our family so
thank you I wish
well actually I'm glad you can see how
the kids eyes lit up at so many parts of
it yeah so anyway alright that's it for
us how did I get you guys it's Friday
for you congratulations we're almost
there okay
I have a little bit that came up my nose
yeah
you
