good morning we're going out the dentist
hi oh are you excited
blow your fingers our bed why how do i
turn it off the same button that's on
the top you chain this one he loved you
brushing teeth you brushing the teeth
Lola you hate your Pacific City be
fitted
nor brush the fish's teeth it's just um
ladies tea Maggie and Lacey is just
watching TV and oh I forgot to tell you
I'm in a new extra prices today like a
lot of price usually you only get one
quite this great job little bud you are
doing so awesome great job oh you
monster person feels so good little
buddy
Oh can I see your smile ah our dentist
gives these super cool tokens when
you're done and you get to pick out your
own prize and Isaac show me how many
tokens you got today what all right so
we recently finished up Pippi
longstockings and we started a new read
aloud which the next book we decided on
was a little house in the Big Woods so
we're a couple chapters into that and I
was going to ask you guys if you have
any recommendations for what we should
read when we're done with this one I act
like I get to club because he has a
friend yes one ain't Slimer right it is
and what color is Santa Clauses white
yeah has he's white yeah zip classified
yeah he says candy chance to the chill
okay oh he does yeah cool mustache well
I'm so excited I won the hearing today
the judge granted everything that we
asked for and denied all of the other
defendants requests so that feels good
it was a lot of work I haven't slept
much and I've just really immersed
myself in it over this last little bit
and so that feels good it's funny how
though even after the hearing I'm such a
perfectionist I'm like wishing I would
have done things differently
oh I'm getting knocked down by one of
the kids so I probably better go
but uh anyway that feels really good and
thank you to all of you who were wishing
me luck and congratulating me on Twitter
and Facebook and stuff like that
I appreciate it thank you so Isaac
wanted to show me something that he
wrote I made a letter to that tooth
fairy you did dear Tooth Fairy yeah I
want two dollars please my two key are
in here the chest I liked having a spot
with no key from Isaac alright if you
guys haven't tried it yet you need to
bake it k and put pudding inside of it
it's so good we've done it an
embarrassing amount of time since we
started you can also put jell-o in cakes
like that too we do that as well since
I'm really good in a summer time we love
doing that yeah yeah water mom flavored
jello or strawberry jell-o pretty we're
not going for like visual appeal what is
this it's carrot cake is carrot cake
with vanilla pudding and then this is
whipped topping but it was in my freezer
so it just looks weird yeah we're
celebrating the big win today with some
yummy dessert so it's exciting make sure
to let us know in the comments if you
guys tried the cake with pudding and
what flavors you mixed up so Jeremy
wants me to vlog this right now and I'm
a little bitter because I'm totally
scared okay so zoom in on that what do
you call those things
Oh wasp a wasp okay so we got a wasp in
the house my first attempt is going to
be with the socks I don't know if that's
going to work it'll probably just make
it Angry so I have the flyswatter so
here's the problem he wants me to vlog
this experience and I am scared to death
of wasps okay it's not going to come in
that's a really fun word to say wasps
wasps hey you guys ready I'm gonna see
oh yeah the socks just isn't that stupid
man dies from wasp bite after attack
with a sock
oh no my weapon I hit them I totally hit
it okay I don't think it came out I
think I injured it with one of my
wackadoo and now it's bad it doesn't
know what to do they can barely fly it's
time it's going down it's going down
sorry I would do better filming this if
I wasn't totally freaked there I don't
know where it is
yeah that's not gonna work Jamie he's
right underneath your foot on the stairs
how did I not step on it Victoria I
killed a lot there is not only did he
win in court today but he but this
victory was more healthy for sure yes we
do have one casualty from this battle
with the wasp my socks we may have lost
them forever we're going to send out the
rescue team and see if we can bring him
down you know what this reminds me of
what this reminds me of at our wedding
when I threw the bouquet oh and the
bouquet got caught in like the upper
balcony part yeah that was awesome
I hit it you know the socks are icky
though I did I actually hit the loss you
stunned him yeah without initial any
time Jeremy kills a fly or anything he's
like I stunned it you got a light almost
not really he really believes in this
stunning factor we should just left him
up there as a reminder of your sweet
victory I just know the pants didn't get
stuck up there okay it was a victorious
day so what we realized is we totally
should have periscoped that way better
than vlogging it I just finished a
periscope just like 10 minutes ago
putting Laura to bed and talking about
my trial my court case but that would
have been a fun periscope so if you're
not following us on Twitter you want to
because you can see our live streams
when we do go into periscope so check
that out
um jazz up scare them and you love me
we'll be together till eternity and you
love me
