Hey
we are going to attempt the couples
question tag I say attempt because we're
both really tired if you were tagged by
Matt and M vlog forever ago it was like
January I know it's not you it's us
alright questions number one how did we
meet what was your first impression of
me and you remember the first thing we
said to each other we actually have a
whole video we do and it's like the
younger version of us
tell the celery we made the video right
before we got married so click up here
it's really fun give me high cards no
it'll tell that story do justice alright
and where and what did we do on our
first date
alright well it depends on what you call
our first date we either went to a lunch
for my birthday
B um to an amusement park or C out to do
mini golf yeah so there's different
reasons why we've debated which one was
our first date we actually made another
video about that whole thing so that's
also up there if you want to hear the
whole story
what was your parents first impression
of each other my dad came up and visited
us and Kendra beat him in a game which
my dad is like super competitive and he
damn it yeah and he loved it and my mom
just thought you were super spunky and
fun and that we made a good couple so
she liked you how about you and your
parents think of me I think my parents
were a little bit confused why I was
dating a 12 year old white the babyface
I was 21 years old at the time then
anyway um but they really liked you they
loved your intensity and like you're so
good in discussions and definitely at
this point they like him more than I
like me I'm pretty sure so alright what
are our nicknames for each other I used
to call Kendra a princess but it's kind
of morphed into I think you used to call
me love muffin
love muffin that's I did yeah you're
trying to remember okay I like I now
more just referred to you as mom Celine
even got all your spouse mom
Kendra original I know
oh um I call Jeremy germ yeah so ni con
babe and honey very endearing um the
next question what is your favorite body
part for each other
Kendra's calves are super attractive to
me they're like super I won't describe
it but she's very attractive ladies
thank you um I have always loved
Jeremy's blue eyes I'm so glad she live
in Laura got his blue eyes oh yay
all right um what song reminds you of me
well when we were first dating and when
we got married we had a CD s-sarah Evan
CD and there's a song in there called
saints and angels and the lyrics are
just really touching they talked about
how even in our imperfections we're
going to stay together no matter what
and so any time I heard that song I
think of our first year or to a marriage
and I think of Kendra I am the song
visit and better together Chuck Johnson
I can't think that goes except for a
ukulele and a job and then there's a
lullaby that we seem to our kids now um
that's a low lullaby yeah that was
actually sung at our winning team it's
like and you love me we'll be together
eternity
and you love me suppose to me as really
tired yeah sorry how many there's other
verses to like I can't remember mo I
know let me reach together for the best
we can be
that's my favorite one okay um what are
the qualities you like in me the most
and what in the qualities you need well
I love how you are you know what you
want you express it and and you go after
it but at the same time the thing that
as hard as with Kendra is that she knows
what she wants and she goes after it and
she can be a little bit stubborn about
stuff so we're both really stubborn so
that is all I can roll em up um all
right well I love that you are an
amazing listener and you're super good
at just like authentically caring about
people like you just really love people
I love that about you and um what drives
me crazy is when you are so focused and
intense on something that you have like
complete tunnel vision and that's like
all that exists in the world and anyway
what's that called intense passion
obsession I don't know yeah not present
yes that's the worst name okay what who
is your celebrity crush Kelly Kapowski
there we go there's a company by the
Bell he's going back to the glory days
it's like the classic crush I mean like
I yeah Kelly Kapowski there we go
still there um I remember I really liked
the movie while you were sleeping and
the main character guy in that
thought was super handsome this is what
I was like is this someone who faints or
the one who looks around dad the brother
you think he looks like a dad is Bill
Pullman he did look pretty good in
Newsies but no way okay so we still
haven't finished Annie like we
apparently are really behind on our
celebrity crushes yeah we don't watch
enough okay where do we see each other
in five or ten years that's a tough
question like I would do you like
wondering are we still going to be in
this house and are we still going to be
doing what we're doing and our kids are
going to be certain our hard work no I
think we'll be 12 to 17 I know that's
like old so and Laura will be six to
eleven yeah our life will be so
different we will not have as much poo
who will not be in our lives and wipe as
many butts there we go that parent
that's a five your point right there all
right so we'll obviously be older
hopefully we won't be better but um
hopefully we'll have more money to our
name than we do now so it's not going to
take much heart there's our gold who
knows where we'll be living or what
we'll be doing but we'll be together
yeah yeah we'll be together well thank
you so much for watching our couples
challenge tab we get it we get a tag so
yeah all right so we are going to tag
the flavors I hope I said your name
right and while they were napping and
bits of paradise and mrs. joyful Jones
so we're excited to hear more about your
stories and if it takes you three months
to do the challenge that's okay we
understand so alright Jay how's that
good night
yeah
