all right we got the baskets all set up
let's go get the kids
three okay
my princess go you got princess where
are they what are these power what are
you doing
those are diving six lilies they're the
torpedo ones where you can throw them in
the water and you try to get them yeah
hm
ducky is for the back yeah can we get
out of your cars alright good morning
and happy Easter we have had a wonderful
morning this morning it's gorgeous out
so it's nice and sunshiny we started off
our morning with an egg hunt for these
special glittery eggs and these eggs
each had pieces of paper in them and we
would do the activity as we opened up
each of the eggs this is a scripture
these are going to be stuck to help us
remember what Easter is all about and so
they would be to read certain like
Easter passages from the scriptures
seeing favorite Easter hymns or like
share some of our thoughts and feelings
about Jesus and how he is helped us and
supported us in our lives and our
feelings about those things so it was a
really special time with the family it
wasn't perfect by any means we have
little kids but there were precious
moments of cuddling on the couch and
kneeling together as a family in prayer
so that's how our mornings started we
had a wonderful breakfast with cinnamon
rolls and hard-boiled eggs at least
mostly hard-boiled eggs apparently some
of the hard-boiled eggs were not wield
so I just cracked my second law-- egg
this is so weird
like you had an entire dozen I'm
guessing that you boy will great hard
boiled egg boiled two dozen and when I
did I labeled them hard boy harder to
boil
it's a mystery we cannot figure this out
we still don't know how some of the eggs
that got died were actually raw eggs
oops
alright so we're getting ready to head
to church my wanted to take a picture
real quick alright you guys what are we
about to do
okay you're you're hotter hotter hi did
you find it oh yeah without one do you
want some help with it look
well that was our Easter at least part
of it we went over to Jeremy's brother
and sister-in-laws house this evening
and we had fun we played a new game
called till astray shion's
it was really cool you it's kind of like
telephone and pictionary combined it was
fun there was a lot of fun it was great
well I'm gonna go and work all night not
a bummer I know I just I'm just really
really busy right now and so with the
vlog I'm hoping that I can get something
up I honestly I'm not sure I know so if
what you're seeing something and it's
not next week his big hearing is on
Tuesday so that's what he's working
super hard to get to it was kind of a
last-minute thing that got thrown on his
plate and so it's been a very busy
weekend for him and obviously the next
couple days gonna be really busy so yeah
that's it for us tonight
happy Easter Jay house up oh there it is
we have it all right are we done are you
guys ready for Easter tomorrow and one
two three
