all right so Isaac made this this
morning what is it it's sunny because I
wanted to make a hideout so I drew this
and I'm gonna make it out this again
glue them together so that's your plan
for today all right let's get you some
glue all right good luck with your for
me me me me me you want to come to me
let's go wipe your nose alright so they
are hard at work building their fort
watch out watch out all right how'd it
go Caleb all right I'm gonna come back
and check on your progress later okay
you helping mom and get ready for Easter
yeah Hey Oh is it not working well you
just you just had better to give it go
all right how's it coming you're running
out of glue I bet it does take a lot of
glue to build a good fort is it going
the way you thought it would I thought
it won't take long but it takes pretty
long to build stuff huh
we've had a pretty good morning it's a
bummer that Jeremy has to work today
since it's Saturday and it's Easter
weekend but you know it happens anyway I
just survived the lunch routine so I'm
rewarding myself with a piece of Dove
dark chocolate I love how these have the
little sayings on the inside anyway
that's my little mommy moment that I'm
going to have in a second but what I'm
getting ready to do is I'm going to be
boiling our eggs to die
do you need me me anyway I'm getting
ready to boil the eggs okay sorry I got
interrupted by a poopy diaper okay this
little quote on the inside is perfect
look at it it says relaxation by
chocolate
hashtag mom life or is that just my life
you can hashtag my life today anyway
chocolate did we get the training wheels
off of your big bike all right how does
it feel riding a bigger bike without
training wheels and also this vise oh
look at her oh man you look so good on
that bike
now the little bike is Lisa's turn to
ride you're kind of scared we'll help
you figure it out Hey we haven't said
our prayer yet stinker Magoo
so mom made these meatballs and potatoes
and hummus and vegetables and grapes you
can do it big girl hey come here ha ha
aah
Oh stand back up and stand back up
okay she's wanting to take steps okay
hey good job big girl you wanna watch
her walk again okay
what's you up to did you get new
underwears and you just folding in them
up
that's so responsible of you buddy yeah
you're folding them up you putting them
back in the package that's so nice of
you
mm-hmm so Caleb has been diligently
working at putting his underwear in here
for the last 15 minutes look how well he
has done you only got one more to put
back in there buddy let's go put it in
your closet your new underwear you'll
put your underwear back in just the way
it came it looks so nice you did a great
job I'm Anna you go good job buddy all
right so we're getting ready to die
Easter eggs but we have a problem we
can't figure out which one's supposed to
be the green tablet this just doesn't
make sense so we're gonna have to get
simple you just put the tablets in the
cup yeah which one's the blue one blue
which one's more Orange
I think that one's supposed to be ready
you think red a minute owns yellow see I
wondered if that was green maybe that
was yellow and that one's green let's
see if I'm right about this green one we
don't know none of them look like
they're green let's see is this even a
green Cup oh no it's the orange one all
right so I think we finally got all the
colors right it's not for agree
laughing food it was really dark
thank you all right you did it though
huh okay so we need to be really gentle
with them so that doesn't happen okay
all right so you guys can color on them
first if you want to or you can just put
it straight in a color I'm going to put
mine and tap on their blue we're making
a key
I'm trying to make a Jay house we'll see
mr. I want mine to be very yeah oh and
yours is in the blue one let's leave it
in there all night long so we've learned
not to give babies hard boiled eggs give
them faster oh these are beautiful kay
now it's my turn I'm gonna get mine out
mine has a little surprise on it it
worked it worked
can you guys see that him what's online
Oh
the beginning J house on it awesome all
right Bert all right guys can you see
that there's Isaac go he got her pink
one out is yours done yeah how's it look
all right
Oh
are you excited Kayla yeah oh goody
there it is ha there it is it's me let
me have it all right are we guys
I guess ready for Easter tomorrow and
one two three all right guys well Happy
Easter it is Easter already for you guys
savings I hope you're having a wonderful
day we're excited about where we have a
lot of fun things to do with the kids
which we're excited about and it's not
going to be too busy today I'm excited
for just some family time so yeah anyway
um right now we're just happy to have
survived the egg dyeing experience yeah
without anyone getting dye all over
their clothes were all over the carpet
and it was fun it was good as the kids
get older I'm sure we'll let everybody
get more creative with it but right now
this is about the right level for us
yeah so anyway Jeremy is now going to go
back to work
sad story but I am going to do Easter
prep try to get this house clean and put
together and make some breakfast for the
morning and few other things so all
right we'll see you tile yes
are you
