all right time for a morning workout
session got my little helpers with me
so Jeremy started and everybody else
just came and joined him are you doing
it too Lisi you got it girlfriend hey
you hey do it alright don't get up good
job jumping jacks
show us the jumping jacks you show us
nailed it nailed it
he's a jumping jack machine okay
everybody do it
let's see some jumping jacks kids he's
got it what's in it remember watch out
for those it hey daddy's doing some
push-ups let's see the kids do their
push-ups
the family tower push-up challenge
hey Jim when you got kids tired out well
that was good work in all right big
sister beauty parlor going on right here
you doing her hair lease what are you
gonna do with it is your sister doing
your hair these two have been playing
together so much today
it's so cute we have had a fun day I
think the highlight of the day for me
was a lunchtime conversation which I did
not pull out the camera for but the kids
for like at least 20 minutes talked
about what they want their lives to be
like when they grow up Isaac wants 100
kids he's going to have 11 bedrooms in
his house that way he and his wife can
have a bedroom and then there's ten kids
in each bedroom he also plans on 20
bathrooms and he wants to let all of his
kids come to work with him every day and
watch him because he's going to be a
supercross racer what are your plans
Caleb uh-huh well today I have eight
rescues
we'd have eight bathrooms and 12 kids
Lisi what are your plans I'm going to
have five kids and two boys and three
girls yeah and are you gonna have any
animals or anything else going on then
one dog and one yeah what do you have
any other plans for your family I'm
gonna live with my mom and dad oh you're
gonna live with us
Oh that'll be so nice earlier today
Kayla told us he was going to live at
Texas Roadhouse yeah just rest Ron it's
just a restaurant it's just a restaurant
anyway it was an epically fun
conversation the other highlight of
today has been Laura has been walking
it's like she's been letting go of stuff
and trying to take a couple of steps on
her own and she took her first steps um
was it last week time flies anyway but
she is now trying to venture off on her
own but every time I get out the camera
she of course like drops down and starts
crawling so anyway but I'm excited for
her Hey all right well we had a unique
opportunity tonight we got to go to an
Easter walk or a walk with Christ they
called it there was a bit of a line you
want to go pet the goats let's do it
good job
so we went to a church and in like each
of the different rooms they had set up
kind of the life of Christ and in each
room you stop for just a few minutes and
you know stories were shared of Christ's
life and it was very well done the kids
were really cute and they said some
really funny things they were captivated
for the most part I was super impressed
with their behavior like they were just
like kind of awestruck sitting there
just listening at Caleb had a couple
one-liners that were classic in the room
of the Last Supper when they were
talking about how Jesus washed the
disciples feet and they had a base in
there with water and a picture and they
were explaining it and Caleb stands up
and he says we just use our bathtub for
that it was just cute the room where
Jarius his daughter is laying in the bed
and she's dead he was all worried about
her yeah he was concerned and same thing
when we were in the room with the
crosses he was talking about Jesus dying
it was really precious you know as a
tender moment he asked Jeremy to hold
him he said dad this is so sad
what was your favorite part the Mary
when Mary was there
you like the Mary when she talked about
Jesus coming to life what was your
favorite part I saw the cross Caleb what
was your favorite part the boat you like
water I'm really loving right now we're
super impressed with Kendra
during the drive I'm always the one in
our family that's quicker to be like
let's just put on a movie and Kendra's
often like no let's just let him look
out the window and it was exciting you
had like this amazing conversation with
the kids during the drive really good
discussions they were looking at the
window and I remembered there's a lunar
eclipse tomorrow morning and so I
brought that up and we ended up talking
for a long time about lunar eclipses and
solar eclipses and Caleb had all kinds
of questions and then we ended up
listening to music and singing together
and then we ended up telling stories
that was like the last distraction
technique when we were almost all the
way home but it was some good family
moment so Jeremy just found this note on
his pillow this was dear dad I love you
from release love I love playing with
you but the little picture there's a
picture of us with crowns on our heads
playing together holding hands she works
on that all this afternoon for you
and I have to make a little note for her
and put it on oh that's a cute idea I
love you Lise that's so nice
so stay a while since I've had to cut in
the lines and create that
well I don't think that really worked to
film the moon which is a bummer because
I was up at 5 in the morning
all right you guys at least just woke up
she's just sitting on her bed do you
want to know what when I came into my
bed there was a really nice note like I
covered someone looking for me
I guess that's nice I need something
food there
hey hey it's cuz I love you so much I
appreciate you hey I got one for ya yeah
you made one for me so I made one for
you and you want to have a good Easter
Saturday yeah that's good alright Jay
house out
