so here's what I'm going to do I'm going
to frost a balloon cake for dessert
tonight so last night was the weirdest
night Jeremy and I have both been
getting sick and all the kids have been
getting sick like just like this like
spring cold we put the kids to bed at
around 7:30 last night and Jeremy and I
went straight to bed we were in bed
asleep
at 8 o'clock which is hmm a good 5 hours
earlier than usual for us so we slept
from then until 7 o'clock this morning
with you know caleb got up once in the
nighttime and Laura got up once as well
but that is actually why we did a
throwback for yesterday's is we were
just exhausted
so I was so excited this morning I
weighed myself I'm doing the diet vet
and this morning I weighed in and I was
actually just under the weight that I
need to be and it just so happened that
I went into work and there was like
somebody's birthday and they had all
these doughnuts they had like a hundred
doughnuts and a hundred cookies and I
was motivated because of my weigh-in and
so I didn't eat one of them but I
brought some home for the kids so it was
a long day at work I had three
depositions but it's always nice to come
home and take a look at Laura did you
see her sleeping in there she's so
precious oh my goodness we're gonna have
to wake her up if you want her to sleep
but she's so precious how can you wake
her up
but we want to sleep tonight Isaac has
been riding with his training wheels for
a while and I think he's ready to do it
without training wheels you you think he
can try it wait let's get mom out here
she's gonna want to see this what are
you gonna do bud a ride with no training
wheels what's the end push we're gonna
see what happens
really
look at that smile
be sure about that Kayla you sure about
that oh that was close yeah you better
believe he's gone back for another tray
where you going you try to go that way
hey buddy why don't you scoot back a
little bit on the board so how does it
feel to be riding your own bike all by
yourself about training wheels good I
just kind of young embarrassments I'm
Ryan princess right but you are a
princess so he has a cool bike you know
this one all right so I'm feeling a bit
like a lame mom today I'm feeling really
bummed about a week or two ago I
remembered the April Fool's Day was
coming up and I was like I'm gonna come
up with some really fun ideas to do with
the kids and I just didn't and then
today I haven't been feeling good with
my back and I just was like you know
what I'm just not going to do anything
but then as the day wore on it's just
sad to me like my kids are little
they're the perfect age to print so
anyway I just pull out a few last-minute
things and that's something I've learned
in mothering and in home schooling is
not to give up too soon sometimes a day
is going really not good and I think to
myself up I should just scrap this day
and start over tomorrow or maybe next
year we'll do something what I've
learned is that I can often pick myself
up and make the second half of the day
good so here's what I'm going to do I'm
going to frost a balloon cake for
dessert tonight
all right it's done do you think they'll
fall for it
Isaac is really picking this up check
this out
you ready we're gonna give them a push
and then he's going to go WOW I want to
buy something I want to ride
I want to ride my bicycle I want to go
back go back
you did it yeah that's such a tree yummy
juice hey wait I want you guys all to
take your sip at the same first tip at
the same time okay ready one two three
go good trick mrs. gallo
what he loved what's going on it's that
yellow can you get it out Lucy no okay
go did you guys figure it out
yes yellow April's mom got you guys what
do you guys think of that juice I like
it do you mix up sprite snuff Oh Sheila
what's the matter
do you get to Linda's ending have that
is not a dream
what you thought it was a good trick -
there's a frog in our backyard
we have a live gummy bear in our
backyard alive you got the viewers my
dog just turned into a dog april fools
well there's Laura's trick wait no hands
no hands mom hey guys my hair just
turned into a fluffy dog you're going to
yeah you did give me every time april
fools
going on a long time before we turn on
the camera it just keeps on all right so
I made this special cake for tonight I'm
really excited about it it's a new
recipe all right here we go
I am loom what oh they're still going at
it guys I brought you guys doughnuts
instead okay hey you're gonna don't get
to go to so Kendra doesn't believe me
but I can wiggle my ears and check it
out
it takes great concentration yeah
wait hold on bud wiggling the camera not
their ears see every believes you see
this movement if you smile that you
can't Isaac we're trying to just say him
Isaac you try it you can't smile if
you're gonna wiggle those ears can't
focus don't swim oh you you get look in
it she doesn't believe me I'm sorry he's
wiggling the camera guys no I'm wiggling
my ears
how do you do that takes a lot of focus
and practice and maybe if you keep
working at it someday you'll get it if
you're lucky they're going after the
frosting
