you put your ride on in you put your
right on it you put your right arm in
and you should get all that
all right
this site makes mama happy look at all
those cleaning kids Lisi you wiped off
the table so nicely thanks Caleb what
are you working on
what do you see look like you guys are
sleeping together how's it going Isaac
okay yeah so I realized today that there
are some chores that the kids are really
good at because I gave them a lot of
opportunities in that chore for example
they're really good at unloading the
dishwasher and they're really good at
folding and putting away their laundry
and they're pretty good at vacuuming too
because those are the things I've let
them help with but I'm realizing it's
time to expand our horizons and I really
want them to be able to help learn how
to clean up after we eat and so I'm
going to really start practicing having
them bring their plates and things to
the sink and having one of them wipe off
the table and another one sweep like
that would just be a really wonderful
blessing to our family to have that be a
teamwork time instead of a just mommy
trying to get it done time and I think
they're capable look at this I have had
a cranky little girl today little Laura
has just been I don't know what's
bugging her but I just put her in the
bathtub and look what she's like this is
Laura anyway
she followed me into the bathroom and I
was taking Caleb to the bathroom and she
signed back and she crawled and stood up
right next to the bathtub and she was
like pulling at her clothes so anyway
it's work she's been really happy since
she's been in the back alright so every
day
Elyse and I have some reading time where
we work on her reading skills together
and today we are going to be reinforcing
her vowel sounds with this jumping game
we created so check it out hey
right all right okay II okay - I figure
now I want you to skip to the letter
that says up okay John you and Anna you
okay now I want you to crawl to the one
that says a it's a pain
okay now tiptoe to the one that says all
nice work
do you want to quiz mommy now yeah all
right
oh you I
with the least she's a very kinesthetic
learner and so I find the more active I
get her and the more parts of her body
that she's using to learn the better
that she does all right I figured I'd
give you guys a quick potty training
update so this guy is doing amazing
yesterday we kept him in underwear all
day even for going to church in
different places and he only had one
little accident so he had a lot of
successes and we are still keeping him
in a pull-up for nap time in bed time
and that's just because I don't really
feel like doing with that part yet so
he's not waking up dry yet so we're
gonna cross that bridge after we really
get this first bridge to taken care of
so I get on yeah all right say good
night I say I'm gonna take a nap now say
it's my quiet time Hey Hey look out you
say Caleb out Oh Caleb out heavi did you
see this can you juggle gonna try
how do you do that juggle maybe I can oh
here I'll take this one
okay juggle okay okay here juggle Oh
nailed it only I can do it
we gotta clean your face off all right
so my brother and his family just showed
up I love the birds in the spring can
you hear that anyway so we're going to
go eat dinner and then roll Easter eggs
it's a family tradition of mine on my
mom's side we've done it since I was a
little kid on Easter where you go out to
a hill you make a path and you try to
roll it down without cracking the egg so
everybody is out here hard at work on
their different trails okay what are you
guys working on um or doing air
I don't really shake yeah which way are
you gonna go down where's your spot
right right there okay so the key when
you're out here doing the Easter Egg
rolling is to bring a golf ball and
practice so let's see how it goes
Oh kitty
get off my ball what are you doing Hey
this one's looking good I love this the
cats just like walking in the trail
Jeremy versus the cat okay so my path
starts with a little stick ramp and
there's a little jump right here the
IG's going to get some major air then it
comes down through the winding path and
I'm going to put a tunnel over that part
and then it goes way down the hill there
it goes
Alison it's looking really good I mean
oh yeah there's a lot of clay alright
well it's starting to get dark
we're still out here working on our
paths we came out with a pretty short
amount of time there's times in our
family where we would spend hours doing
this like making paths with all kinds of
different creative elements with like
swings and ramps and landing in water
and using cups and different props and
levers and different routes and all
kinds of stuff so we didn't really have
time for that today but it's been tons
of fun we did bath time and now it's
story time we're going to read one of
our favorites pajama time do you like
this one
what okay here we go the moon is up it's
getting late let's get ready to
celebrate its pajama it's time but at
the time pull on the bottom put on the
top get yourself ready to pajama be
bought with pajama time
is pajama time me and Caleb stole the
cookie from the cookie jar
me yes you yeah
me then Caleb stole the cookie from the
cookie jar
me yes you that means they couldn't be
beat
then who me AJ me Caleb stole the cookie
from the cookie jar
and mouse and mouse yeah dad good job
who me yes couldn't be moms
I'll see you in the morning go to sleep
my little boy go to sleep my precious
child all right
anybody going to read better bloggers
love jung-jae house
you
