all right so our family was tagged in
the family tower challenge by Sam and
Nia you can check out their video here
and up here in the card thingy that
drops down anyway we're excited to give
it a try a little nervous
anyway we looked online for some
inspiration and we found this image
right here see this so that's what we're
gonna go for wish this look are you guys
excited to build some towers yeah silly
kiddos just do a pyramid are you feeling
yeah
alright thanks again the same india for
challenging us that was a lot of fun
creating the challenge oh yeah every two
years and luckily nobody got hurt yeah
she's already really grateful grateful
that nobody got injured in the making of
this film
yeah luckily we had some family to come
and help us out there at the end because
it was getting a little crazy yep we are
going to tag our family nest modern mom
for life the giblets and the Bolanos
bunch so stay safe
don't get hurt have fun yes we're
excited to see your videos and Jessa can
you go to the bathroom right now yo
listen to your body what does your body
say it said to me to go pies do I need
to go pond right now let's go go go
