can you go to the bathroom right now you
know listen to your body what does your
body say it said me to go potty
right now let's go alright so I'm
excited I'm meeting with some friends
from church we're gonna go out and blow
stuff up should be fun
oh that was way off there it is well it
has been a really long time since I shot
a gun so that was a lot of fun I'm gonna
go meet up with the family now okay so
I'm headed out on a run this morning
that was my big goal today was to try to
get out on a run at some point and I'm
excited about it I only went like a mile
last time when I went which was a few
days ago and so I'm trying to do like a
mile and a half this time just kind of
slowly back work back into being in
shape would be the idea so anyway here
goes
alright I'm back from my run I ran two
miles this time I know while walking two
miles but I have to start somewhere I'm
gonna do this I'm gonna get back into
the groove of running and anyway it was
still kind of painful but I'm gonna get
there look so peaceful guys but we have
to wake him up if we don't wake him up
he's nothing sleep mr. Cana are you a
good man yeah
you'll come hang out with us yeah let's
go ahead and oh oh oh here's a fill
buddy did you have any fun dreams did
you dream about what did you what did
you dream with that teaching this is so
cool Isaac building with blocks
all right Caleb what are you doing today
I'm going Connie and control in the
toilet what that's awesome what are you
drinking chocolate milk what else are
you drinking a juice pop a juice box and
what's in this one yes that's just
regular water awesome do you like go on
potty in the toilet yeah did you have
any accidents today yeah I paid on that
chair when it was just a lunch time yeah
and what happened
oh I'm Jon bitch yeah and then did you
get a bath yep yep and we cleaned it up
how many times do you think you went
potty in the toilet today four so this
morning I decided that today is the day
I'm sick of just waiting for a perfect
today that has nothing else scheduled on
it like that's just not gonna happen so
I just decided he's ready I'm ready
let's do this so I put him in his
underwear and I got out like every
liquid I could find in our house he is
also only allowed to stay in the kitchen
because the kitchen has the hardwood and
that's just a lot easier to clean up and
he's only allowed to wear his underwear
I'm not dealing with a lot of wet
clothes like I'll wash out the underwear
and I'll clean the accidents off the
hardwood floor but I just don't feel
like dealing with clothes on carpet yet
so he's only had one real accident so
far this morning and he's had lots of
successes so I'm really excited for him
I know he's ready I know he's going to
get this really quickly it's going to be
a rough couple days but that's okay
we can do this Caleb why are you wearing
the hat beside pod you're the potty king
yeah awesome drink up that chocolate
milk do you need to go potty right now
no not yet
Caleb you have a runny nose what does
that mean what does that mean that means
that you have boogers coming out of here
we read book Oh dad do you need to go to
the bathroom right now yo listen to your
body what does your body say set me to
go past doing it come on right now
let's go we made it oh he's going potty
yeah good job buddy he's getting out two
more hey potty hey do you go poopy
little yeah if you go who you get to
have a sock
okay trihard see if you can push out a
little fluffer hey nothing he can do
really lucky cap washer here and clean
it off with your towel really well to
their life yeah okay let's see a sticky
monster monkey yeah I like right foot
back that's near so I roll what whoa hey
your heads up there Hey
okay so we have some other exciting news
we have all kinds of first going on in
our life all the time with the game it's
super fun all right
so this man has had a loose tooth for a
while and it has not come out yet so we
are going to see if we can encourage him
with it he's a little bit nervous
because he's never lost a tooth before
it is a super loose tooth um you can see
back there the other tooth coming in
what is it you're nervous about because
you seem really sensitive and concerned
about your tooth because um I am really
scared on that like falling out and like
if like if it'll hurt bad and it's like
blood will go everywhere Mikey mm-hmm
you nervous about them Nerys it'll hurt
that totally makes sense
yeah really makes sense mom how many
teeth have you lost mmm she lost all of
those teeth
yeah how about you dad I have lost a lot
I even had some knocked out I had a
cousin who like kneed me in the face and
one came out and I had to pooled by the
dentist one was an accident I'm one of
those people that happened he actually
came and pulled the wrong tooth and then
they had to pull the another one there
was terrible
I had a crazy tooth so one of my molars
turned pink what and then it went Hollow
and we're like and my mom called the
dentist and they're like oh yeah
sometimes teeth get loose and fall out
and sometimes they do that they like
turn pink and go Hollow and essentially
you just crush them to have them come
out croute and so my dad put a washcloth
over the hollow pink tooth and we
crushed it and it was gone crazy it was
the weirdest thing ever like I can't I
didn't make that kind of stuff up so
Isaac we want to see you move it all the
way forward and all without your ID
you're so a little bit just a little bit
what's up mom touch it and wiggle it I
don't even want a wheeze where I used to
okay you guys how do you get your teeth
kids out you know I've heard kids out
I'm a right listen deck sake how do you
get your kids teeth out we this is our
first time to you know I've obviously
heard of people like putting a string on
it and shutting the door but I'm not
really feeling up to that I don't know
what what do you do well Isaac's tooth
still hasn't come out so we'll keep
working on that he doesn't really want
us to touch it much but he's been
wiggling it and we were able to have
bath time tonight as you guys enjoy bath
time
yeah it was pretty quick huh okay you
guys want to give us a Jay house out
yeah
there it is there's that face hey guys
what's this this is gold
