what are you doing
okay let's hear it
you
you
it's at the end dude I love it so what
are you doing how did you come up with
that song ah EJ I'm just hey I'm making
up songs with a minor boy my heart you
like the minor chords why do why do you
like the minor chords and you like the
scary ones
alright it is field trip day and today
we are headed to the money Museum
alright so here's the Federal Reserve
Bank all right so we've got some friends
here with us on our field trip today and
we are headed in
the money gears am a TV big it's pretty
big yeah it's like a shine it is a giant
skyscraper hop alright so this is the
Truman coin collection which has coins
that were made during the different
presidencies hey you there it is there's
that face hey guys what's this this is
gold right here no it doesn't even look
gold
oh so you can feel how heavy it is hey
Isaac how heavy is it yeah really heavy
okay how much is this worth today let's
see four hundred and sixty two thousand
nine hundred and thirty-five dollars
Isaac when did it start being called a
nickel instead of a half-ton it was when
I Andrew
okay guys this is 40 million dollars
right here alright so the kids are
designing their own money here is
shredded money that you get when you
leave your money whoa smell it
does it have a smell to it oh you want
one too I'm doing even this for you it
was for you alright so we survived our
field trip it was actually really fun
the kids did great and the coolest part
of course they had like a big like no
photography sign but they let us see a
big vault and how the automated carts
come in and out of the vault and kind of
the process of how they sort through the
bills and find which ones are too worn
out to continue being in circulation and
which ones need to be shredded and it
was really interesting alright so on our
way home from our field trip I stopped
at the grocery store just to pick up a
couple of things and I didn't take the
camera in with me because I didn't think
we would really need it at all
well it turns out they had a lot of
different samples particularly of
cheeses today and we tried them all and
the kids reactions were awesome and the
weirdest one we tasted was
chocolate-covered Gouda
like I was like Oh anyway I didn't like
it but some of the kids did like it
see I was adorable yep alright anywho on
the way home we also picked up a friend
to play with us we are put both of us
our final oh my goodness yes and
strawberries were on sale yeah so the
boys are making lunch for us do you feel
like we need more on there yeah yeah
well look we counted we got 18 that's
how many the children at the restaurant
ordered
by the little kids are finally down for
their naps and Elise has a friend over
so they're playing which gives me time
to play one-on-one with Isaac which is
awesome he and I are going to play what
game Scrabble Scrabble all right here it
is so now we're going to play block as'
which is a game that we absolutely but I
was remembering as we got this out that
I got Bacchus at a garage sale last year
for $8 and I was closing the Scrabble
junior game and look 50 Cent's so I love
garage sale shopping and garage sale
season here is starting really soon like
in April is when the garage sales really
start coming out so I'm getting excited
hopefully I get some good finds this
YouTube alright I may really regret this
but I came up with this crazy idea for
snack time and I'm gonna let the kids
make their own snacks so I got all the
ingredients that I'm willing to let them
experiment with and I put them in the
middle of the kitchen table so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to let each
child make their own like peanut butter
power balls but what do you guys think
do you want to make your own snacks yeah
make up your own recipes yes yeah all
right let's see what you do
okay so I decided to revise it a little
bit as I turn off the camera and they
started going crazy so I'm going to show
them how I'm going to make my
cannabutter power ball so that they
understand kind of the concept and then
let them go from there
a little bit okay that's a good enough
amount of that all right it's starting
to get a little chaotic in here I'm
gonna put the camera down so I can have
both hands we are still alive which is a
really good thing anyway here's the
final product
all right we're officially done with
that activity and I can't believe that
worked well think about halfway through
I was like what was I thinking but um
they had a really good time I was
excited to let them use their creativity
in such a different way than they're
usually able to use it so he Lise asked
if she could throw a grape into my mouth
what I said I don't know can you throw a
grape in my mouth let's see it okay way
up high you got that Jeremy has to try
these okay happiness I want you to tell
me which one the screws let's start with
this one I have no idea who's mrs. is
there a lot of chips in this one all
right it is date night yay we have a
babysitter and we are headed out and we
have a visitor Isaac are you excited
yeah where are we headed Texas Roadhouse
oh and why are were you coming with us
to Texas Roadhouse yes I ordered a B as
I ride a 100
look so Isaac set a goal at the
beginning of the school year to read 100
chapter books and when he set the goal
he said hey mom if I do that then can we
go to Texas Roadhouse for dinner and I
said heck yes so we're doing it all
right breakfast for girls this place is
fun they have like peanuts on the ground
everywhere and they have the best roll
yep okay so when we got here they said
that it was over an hour wait if we
wanted to sit at the table but the bar
area you could go to right away so we
just came here and no wait so we came
right in what are you gonna get over
here I'm gonna get
all right so here's my view for the
evening
those two chatting about that game Isaac
loves sports he's like in heaven
truing so I got steak and veggies and
mashed potatoes
really good we got Isaac little steak
bites
my new favorite
why do you like it Isaac read over a
hundred books to go to dinner with us
tonight
what was your favorite book on the twin
Giants what was your favorite series of
books cuz you read several different
boys the Hardy Boys that's awesome
Oh
