they're back at swim lessons and this
time at Laura and I are getting in as
well Laura are you excited
you guys thought oh she has warmed up to
the water and she's liking it oh that's
good one game okay
nice word
so apparently there's this really cool
device that dries off your swimsuit for
you show us how it works Isaac let's see
how it works
is it better alright we survived another
day of swim lessons it was actually
really fun I loved being in the pool and
having Laura with us and Isaac just
write a book about animals and so now
his assignment is to act out an animal
and when I guess it he has to tell me
what he learned about that animal from
the book we're gonna do that a bunch of
times so he can tell me about everything
he learned from this book he just read
are you a kangaroo I am you are alright
what did you learn about a kangaroo yeah
Talton because they're reversed
what does that mean and
so koalas are another example of a
marsupial
right these big kids are pretty excited
because they earned gum you excited
about that they are plotting and
planning how they can earn their own
money so they can buy their own gamma so
a gum is definitely a highlight around
here okay well it is time for us to
start another read aloud book so we
chose pipi Longstocking I found it at
the thrift store and I remember loving
the show when I was a kid so I'm excited
to show that to them when you're done
reading it oh no oh no like now teacher
waving
Nora wave say hi you givin underdogs
underdog nice all right
well with swimming this morning and then
it was kind of chaotic after swimming I
wasn't able to get myself actually ready
for the day until right now it's 5
o'clock so oh well better late than
never on some days and miss Laura look
what I tried with her hair you saying hi
hi look can you see it I hope I'm
holding the camera right
can come walk to Daddy
you
she learned to fall backwards she just
needed the pinkie to go after all right
so Laura took her first steps it's crazy
it's exciting you know I wonder how long
it's gonna be before she's like running
around after them she's anxious to get
out there like any time she's watching
the kids she just wants to be doing good
everybody else is doing she's a lot like
caleb is we see a lot of little Katelyn
starts with her it's gonna be an
exciting time here it is scary hopefully
she can climb to like Katelyn I'm really
glad that she is starting to walk though
she's our earliest walker so she's 14
months our other kids walked at like 15
and 16 months anyway we for the first
time in months got a movie since we've
been daily vlogging I don't think we've
watched a movie I know for sure he
hasn't watched a movie
I've watched like a show maybe but
anyway so we went to red box and we
checked something out so after six
months of not watching a movie what
movie do you think is right here leave
your guesses in the comments below let's
just torture just kidding well actually
I really like musicals like the original
Annie is pretty classic and it looked
like this one had a really fun spin to
it so when we watch the trailer really
we should watch that unfortunately we
didn't get to it until after it's been
in red box for a while but yeah I'm
excited I actually kind of like remakes
like they're never as good as the
original but it's really fun I think to
watch a different take on something and
this
like familiar pieces yeah and to see
what they do the same what they do
different and it usually it's a story
that I really liked we're probably only
gonna watch like how much one elements
to the madness of your editing we're
probably gonna watch this over like five
days in my on ten minute clips which by
the end of it we'll probably own it
we'll probably just made by it doesn't
it um so there we are our class the
movie date night he departs Friday night
maybe we can really have a date night
yeah all right Jay how's that
