pattycake pattycake Baker's man bake me
a keep back
okay one of my favorite parts of our
homeschool day is reading time I let the
kids each grab a book from a pile what
books did you guys choose today yeah I
don't know nah
awesome show it to me cubby last night I
ran to the library and picked up some
more books so we have library books
everywhere today here's our library book
stash and forget about reading to a
parrot they will just copy everything
you say once upon a time once upon a
time there was a dragon there is a
dragon who ate crackers the lake
crackers but you can read to your mom
and dad it will be the best story that
they've ever next up this morning we are
doing stations so there's three stations
that the kids are rotating through one
of the kids is building with these and
one of the kids is playing with Laura
building with these and then there is
one child that is going to be doing a
shading claim sensory writing activity
with me and caleb is starting with that
what do you think then he needs me
a screaming day we need to spread it out
we got to spread it out in the pan get
out your writing finger the next letter
in your name is L and it comes down and
over can you make an L over here I know
how to do it because I hope you can all
right would you like to make it you know
yeah take it out you're ready finger
show me ah mhe there's like a type a
neat-freak mom inside of me that like
goes ah whatever I get out these kinds
of experiences for the kids but at least
it's a clean thing and it's like in a
controlled environment it's just hard
for me it's really hard for me to let go
and let my kids make messes we rotated
and so far this is working there's Caleb
there's those two and here's mythili's
it's her turn with the shaving cream I
think a cotton marrow Cadillac lipstick
whoo whoo we see what did you make
is it a podcast
Eleanor walk to me what do you want
Maura rats an AE you want more rotten
eggs
yeah looks like somebody's got his words
a little confused
it's a hard-boiled egg I don't know the
sounds can you say hard-boiled egg
hard ball Jory nice time for some
after-dinner arm wrestling
this little girl challenged me okay on
your mark get set
what's funny is I introduced this Isaac
earlier today and he and I were arm
wrestling and after we arm wrestled um
he goes so mom who wins if you and Dad
arm wrestle usually mom and dad what was
that should we do it easy will you vlog
us yes is that what you doing here arm
wrestle all right at the same time one
two three four I declare a thumb war
okay you ready
I see good oh she's got me oh you're
pretty strong I know it was like
practically an equal medicine and I wait
a sec over the top all right mama stern
can I hear what another one with that
angel all right exciting news here at
the J house cubby what did you do could
be then did toilet oh you pooped in the
toilet yeah he was excited to tell you
guys about it he said he wanted to tell
the viewers all about it
all right for the 12th time we have put
the kids to bed but they're still not
asleep hopefully they stay in bed this
time listen when multi right so one of
the things I was just talking to Kendra
about that it's kind of tough with my
job is it's hard to leave work at work I
met today with a client who has just
gone through a really difficult life
event and and I get really emotionally
involved with my cases and with my
clients and I I think it's unfortunately
not too abnormal that Kendra will be
talking to me the kids will be doing
something and I'm kind of in another
world thinking about my cases and
thinking about what the next step is
going to be what we're going to do our
strategic moves and we're just thinking
about the difficult stuff that they've
gone through and so that's something
that I've been feeling today I've been
thinking a lot about this new case and
it's hard to get it off my mind hard to
let it go
yeah I sense but Kendra is all dressed
up what yes I'm wearing running clothes
which is the first step coming now can I
make it out that door is another
question we'll see which kid gets out
nice to try to keep you from going
anyway I am one gonna try to go running
I haven't run much since Laura was born
so it's time to get back into the groove
kenderson a couple half marathons and
triathlons like she loves that kind of
stuff I'm sure you're gonna sign up for
something soon that's one of the way she
gets motivated she'll just sign up for a
race and then she'll do it yeah I tend
to be a bit of a seasonal exerciser so
when the weather's pretty I work out and
I love it and then I get out of the
routine and it's always hard to get back
into a good groove or I have a baby and
get out of the routine so that's normal
anyway so I hope I can get back into the
groove like honestly I don't want to go
running my brain doesn't want to go
running my heart doesn't want to go
running my body definitely doesn't want
to go running but I know I'll be happier
if I do you know Sam we're okay go do it
get out of here alright alright so we
just had the best time hanging out with
the chicks life via Skype
it was awesome um we have a lot in
common with them and we do their cute
little family and um the coolest thing
is in their vlogs they do these awesome
special effects yeah Jesus makes them
extra funny that's what he does for a
living he's a professional video maker
and so it was good so go check them out
and we'll let them say hi to you there
they are oh I like your camera Thanks
it's an s120 alright time for us to go
to bed
jay is out but he wanted to write a
letter to Barack Obama do you remember
what the letter said dear mr. president
please make our country better I love
you
