when you grow up do you want to be
President of the United States ya know
why not
oh because I don't wanna get John Tyler
James capable Zachary Taylor and now a
felon war anyway we thought it would be
fun to share with you one of Isaac's
great passions alright in 1901 who was
the president um that wasn't me your man
um when Theodore Roosevelt started and
William the candy tree I'll have to look
it up because I don't really get William
the candy got assassinated no that's
terrible
who was the president in 1824 yeah with
Eugene's
as if it was the president in 1912 mean
Helen wait is there anything about
William Howard Taft you remember and I'm
here the first president to pitch in
sneeze very cool awesome in also um
she's really heavy so like one time she
tried for bath dog and you don't way to
visit getting like a really big that's
right and also one more thing is Ronald
Reagan mother
when I mean Howard Taft president
remember what a number of President
Ronald Reagan was for the 40th my dad
was born in 1954 singer who was
president then yes tonight Ison right be
nice who was the 22nd president first
I'm trying to remember who was the 21st
not what testerone Arthur hmm so he was
after Justin Ellen Arthur but Grover
Cleveland you're sick I mean who was
after Grover Cleveland and then who was
after middle man Harrison favoring got
elected again what twice
so when Isaac was four years old he
decided on his own that he wanted to
write a letter to Barack Obama do you
remember what the letter said dear mr.
president please make our country better
I love you I hope your day become great
what does the White House look like I
will love you forever
well it was fun to show if you want to
Isaac's passions like I said he's
passion about a lot of other things he's
passionate about geography states he's
passionate about sports
one of the viewers said my name they did
I wrote I wrote a text that said hey say
my name so I can get unjinx one of them
Arthur did it he got what
that's whatever first times ever to do
it
