so I was doing school with Isaac and
Elise and all of a sudden the house was
a little too quiet so I literally ran to
find Caleb and Laura who had of course
just been with me a moment before and
look what I found
what did you guys do
Oh yak yak yak what did you guys do know
they are gonna be partners in crime I
can just tell are you trying to give me
oh thank you all right so we just
finished up lunch and the kids are
outside playing I let them take a break
while I cleaned up the kitchen yay
dishes done and anyway I looked out the
window and you've got to see what
they're up to you have a pretty big one
Caleb what are you guys making
say that what are you making
you're making a stool all right Isaac
tell us about it well we want to make it
school to Incline with that big tree
move let's see how it's done
the littles are both napping and so we
are diving into some school four-letter
time Elise is playing Scrabble junior
and she's matching the letters on the
board she's doing it one word at a time
which were you working on right now
candy what letter are you gonna find
next candy oh that was a fun idea let's
see what Isaac is doing kay Isaac just
finished what have you been working on
Mac so he's been racing through these
subtraction cards on your mark get set
all right will we read more mouse on the
motorcycle we're almost done at that
book I think we're gonna finish it up in
the next day or two anyway and now the
kids are still sleeping Caitlin and
Laura are so I'm actually gonna go lie
down and see if I can get a nap usually
what happens is the minute I lie down
that's like both of their cues to wake
up so I doubt it'll actually work well
that worked I got to take a nap which is
an incredible luxury it was like a
20-minute nap but still I can't I lay
down in the middle of the day
oh so nice anyway Elyse asked if she
could bake when I got up so Lisa what
are you making he was really so good at
baking it's amazing to me how calm time
she is in the kitchen we got to keep
stretching her skills because someday
you are gonna make dinner for us right
all right so here's the strawberry
muffins that Missy Lise made all by
herself young yeah and we had two little
people wake up that are pretty excited
about them like you say good job yeah I
think they all want to eat your yummy
muffins Walker I think I'm gonna send it
to you Oh
Lisi wants to send you guys muffins
strawberry muffins any takers so when he
least made her muffins she came into me
with the last one with him mom I want to
save this for dad and look she put it on
a plate and made a little note I just
love that all right I had a really
frustrating day at work we've been
having computer problems in my office
have you had that before it's so
frustrating like I'm sitting there
wanting to get stuff done and this was
on Friday and today my computer just
wasn't functioning and the IT people
weren't able to fix it and so I come
home like feeling like I haven't done
anything and I tried to do as much as I
could without a computer but it was
pretty rough like I made a lot of phone
calls I looked at documents but it was
really a frustrating day but it's always
good coming to this little nugget you're
never gonna guess what happened so I
came home and on the counter was this
little muffin with a note for me that
said to dad who made this for me but I
am so excited I made all by me how can
it you did yes
yes for you it looks like the kids made
something cool what is this thing you're
gonna sleep out here
you sure didn't even guys ever do
scouting I was a boy scout I'm an Eagle
Scout and one of the merit badges
wilderness survival you have to build a
structure and sleep in it by yourself
alone in the middle of the woods I did
that one time it looks like you're on
your way to building a sleeping place
you sure you don't want to sleep out
here those are good reasons don't want
to sleep out here plus I think you would
get wet do you think we could do
something with it so that you wouldn't
get all wet tell them about the
man-eating bugs that come out at night
Caleb alright so we are finishing up an
amazing dinner
these are chimichangas that are baked
its homemade so yummy some rice this is
a mixture of mangos and fresh
blackberries YUM and right here he
already devoured what I was gonna tell
you guys about so nine one of our
viewers commented and said we should cut
these in the middle space it's really
good yeah and the kids love it this way
so thank you so much for the tip so do
you want another one but he just gobbled
it down I promise he really liked it I
just thought that was so clever so
anyway we've got red pepper hummus and
artichoke hummus and even Laura is going
at it I'm fun what do you think
No oh not your head huh
Pitou do of all the potatoes you're the
most beautiful
we've only seen her do that more nother
time before all right well guys want to
stage a house out do you want to know
something we have been putting videos up
on YouTube
every day for six months
