I wouldn't do that that's gross don't
tell lies come on dad oh I did fluffer
in their faces do you want to know
something we have been putting videos up
on YouTube every day for six months and
about three days it's true it's been a
little bit over do you remember what the
first day was that we uploaded yep do
you remember what date it was September
8th that's right it was September 18th
you want to wear different GME's what
has been your favorite part of putting
videos up on YouTube
you you like watching them
oh okay wow there's a buzzword that I
didn't know he knew so he's our editor
at least what have you liked about
having the vlog I like remember stuff
like what what are things that you've
enjoyed remembering girls dancing you
liked when you're dancing yeah that is
foot hey Sally oh yeah that is really
fun that'll be fun to look back and
watch later huh okay Isaac how about for
you what have you liked about having a
vlog I really like my rants off like
Provencher
who that video when I was on the
motorcycle you gotta do a three-way
although I decided to cut you anytime
okay that's a great Nick Nick I just
been but I just went to bed okay let's
go to bed
alright six months of uploading videos
yay crazy that's crazy so to celebrate
we made a cake the other day and I did
not let Jeremy dance with it
it's never gonna happen again um but it
was an amazing cake okay so it was a
strawberry cake and then we after it was
baked we poked holes in it and we poured
cheesecake pudding over it and then we
let that like get cold and congeal and
then we put whipped topping on top and
fresh strawberries it was amazing I'm
never making a cake without putting
inside it but ever again in my life
so in fact we made another one to it we
did we made tonight's was a red velvet
cake oh okay
dietbet huh okay sorry back to the focus
six months of vlogging yay so things
we've learned in the last six months is
number one Jeremy is the better camera
holder so I don't know if you've noticed
but like when I'm filming like you feel
like this half of Jeremy's face yes I
need because I'm willing to stand right
next to him um other things that we've
learned is just to try to relax and just
be ourselves and um sorry I just parted
that is not getting it you just said
relaxing ourselves don't relax that much
I ain't farted earlier and the kids
brought it out on me so it's okay hey
love yourself I guess so look right I'm
not okay we've reached that level in our
relationship where you can do that kind
of silly sit on up too small no no no no
no no you never get that close to the
relief oh I apparently we're that close
not going to be that girls much longer
joking well one of the things I've loved
about these six months is trying to wrap
my mind around this whole YouTube thing
I mean you know Kendra and I are sitting
here in our kitchen talking to a camera
and I camera but you're out there
somewhere in your in your kitchen
watching on the computer maybe I'm
I don't know but you're watching and we
appreciate that it's meaningful and it's
exciting to us to have people who are
sharing with us in our life journey
right now the things that we're going
through so thank you for watching it
means a lot to us we really appreciate
it we just wanted to also thank you for
the comments I feel like I truly built
relationships with people through the
comments over the last few months and we
know your names and we know who you are
and thank you so much for giving us that
feedback and engaging in our
conversation and joining us we really
appreciate it so thank you we're really
excited about these next six months and
the future there's so many exciting
things that we have to look forward to
with YouTube there's so many videos that
we're wanting to make our list of videos
to do we're passionate about a lot of
things and we want to share those things
with you and so we're hoping to be able
to get more of them done it's a really
long list and things I mean we added
like three new videos to it tonight the
things we want to do like we just can't
seem to find the time to get those extra
videos done so we're going to work on
that and we really look forward to
sharing them with you we've thrown out
the idea of starting another channel too
so that's we don't know what the future
holds but we're excited about it and so
thank you again for these last six
months and we're excited about what lies
ahead
all right well happy six months and J
house to make food no no how many times
Kendra actually does it in a day it's
hilarious you like picks it up yup
that's the cue for him to edit edit here
okay okay nobody stir I have to start
over
