but okay all right so yeah you know how
many times Kendra actually does that in
a day it's hilarious you like picks it
up that's the cue for him to edit all
right this is our fourth attempt at a
lightning round Q&A and Jeremy's already
gonna have to put together a bloopers
reel because what happens is we keep
like dying laughing all right Jeff was
sorry Jurassic Park t-rex you know five
minutes on the clock this is it real
time ready go okay um if you could take
a second honeymoon where would you go
I would go to the redwood forest I know
like really like the sky's the limit
where do you want to go okay everyone
I've seen those trees
I haven't the trees for a second
honeymoon Jeremy we are kid-free like
let's go to New Zealand or Fiji or
Ireland or like Woodrow Asia or Rome
Venice Greece the reason let's go to
Greece we can go wherever I I'm open
where do you want to go like mountains
water
um if we were to do like a second honey
I think we'd go to more than one place
like we would go do like a big adventure
like we started the redwood forest we go
on The Amazing Race yeah there oh my
gosh if we could do the Amazing Race I
think I've applied for us
or but we didn't be accepted we're gonna
try again no um yeah my second honeymoon
sounds what would you a trip without
kids I just gave like 17 I know but
which one would you do I picked Amazing
Race that was a good good
I think Greece sounds really fun to me
Maya Greece no it just makes me think
it's like blue water and like really
vibrant colors and really good ice cream
this is crazy over there okay
I'm already getting tired again next
question next question okay
um music tastes for your boat and what
ways does it differ so you go first I
like all types of music depending on
what I'm doing at the time and and I'm
really passionate about music like I'm
really into the music I'm into like if I
was in a punk band in high school and I
don't like listen to that at all anymore
unless I'm like feeling nostalgic and I
go back and listen to some of my
favorite songs
how many playlists do you have on groove
shirt I have a lot I you know I love
soundtracks are my favorite John right
now for movies and I like classical
music I'll listen to that when I'm
working
but top 40 is fun if I'm wanting to
dance or for like wanting to just have
fun at home I like Disney music for the
kids all the time for the kids like
loving and are getting into it so but I
mean if I like in football
I would love heavy metal music like that
I mean there's just so many different
types of music I like is there a kind of
music you don't like there's like some
rap RMB stuff that's too violent
annoying if it sounds like they're
shouting yeah I don't I don't love
anything with heavy metal like I like
some music that is still music bono it's
it when it gets outside of musical and
it's just angry I don't really like that
techno music okay you got to take this
my arms gonna do okay on me I love all
kinds of music I think so here's the
thing is I'm not musical I would say my
favorite kind of music is radio music
like I just listened to the radio
whatever comes on like so probably like
top 40s I listen to some Christian
contemporary music I listen to Disney
music whatever he has on I think the
biggest difference with our music
preference well one of the biggest
differences always I want
sensor and you don't I do like me he
wants me to con all the time and there's
times when I want silence like at our
University there was a room for music
while testing and I would be up there
Kendra would like hey so when you were
taking a test you could decide if you
wanted to be in the music room or the
not music room and so that's the kind of
our difference with music but we like
the same style of music when we are
listening to music and that's for sure I
have to say but I forget it okay
um good choose an alternate career what
would it be man I'd be on the shark team
like a venture capitalist seriously I
don't know if that's a career that's
like I don't even think I'm in the frame
by the way hi okay I don't think that's
a career like I think that's a like
saying I want to be a millionaire like
okay so you won't be a billionaire I
know what you want to do to get to where
you could be a venture Kevin well I
guess not an entrepreneur you know where
you're getting a businesses going
starting them and then wanting to sell
them eventually for more than what you
started with and then eventually buying
and selling companies and helping them
turn around that sounds really fun I
would love that you would really enjoy
that that kind of like the consulting
like improving businesses side of things
maybe buying and selling buying and
selling dividing and growing and fixing
okay um so flip a business flipper sure
anyway um what was I gonna say mine is
oh I have two of them I love writing so
I would love to do something writing
related um and she's really good at
writing too as I say you enjoy it it's
very fun for me the other thing that I
discovered that I love is cooking like I
don't ever get to do it with how little
my kids are but I truly do love like
really cooking when I have the time when
we were first married you're a nanny and
it was at this place where they had like
all organic stuff and you were cooking
like three four or five course meals
they give you three hours every day to
cook like from complete scratch like all
these different things I love it so I
think in another life I want to answer
the other ones now no one will ever know
what food would eat if we were stuck on
a desert island forever alright well
that's the end of our lightning round QA
but we should probably call it our short
Q&A
we didn't get there very many questions
anyway we had a lot of fun doing it
bye wait wait wait J house out there we
go I am coming bud you're gonna have to
go right to bed you think you're so
smart
