I am coming bud
you're gonna have to go right to bed you
think you're so smart
I am tackling hard things I woke up this
morning and I was feeling overwhelmed
and discouraged and I was like you know
what I'm gonna do something hard first
thing this morning and anyway I decided
to unpack I know that sounds ridiculous
we've been home for like two weeks from
our trip and I've unpacked everyone and
everything the car all the kids but I
hadn't unpacked myself and so I had just
been kind of living in a bit of a mess
myself and it felt so good and then I
was on a roll so then I cleaned my
bathroom it was awesome
anyway now the kids are hungry and
wanting a snack and so I got them some
mini sweet peppers I've never had them
before my friend was at the grocery
store with me and she got them and
anyway our kids love to try new things
so I decided to give them a try what do
you think they're so cute what a
difference yeah can you take another
bite sometimes it takes two bites to
decide how about you do you like it
all right
miss Laura what are you doing oh is this
your baby can you say hi baby
oh okay I'll come home let's go snuggle
do you need a nap oh you do need a nap
let's go snuggle alright Elise has
painted her fingernails all on her own
for the very first time so whenever I
get out are you going to paint the other
ones on your finger on your hand
it's kind of hard it is hard to learn to
do the right hand you want me to help
you are you gonna still do it yeah all
right I'm excited to see it all right
mr. Kato come show me what we're having
for lunch it is a new kind is that
healthier kind
oh it's a healthier kind all right so
I've been shopping a sprout son and
there was a sale on these and so I
decided to try them out so we'll see
what we think you can't go wrong with a
bunny pasta right all right Isaac what
did you ask me if you could do I want to
be challenged pending my pinpin bud I
don't know I'll say it ten bud I like
that it's like when you like send the
letter to someone and like they send one
back here that's like keep going back
and forth and what is it call begin to
do that pan-pan bugs ten buds I know I
have a pen or a pen pen that's awesome
Isaac that's a great idea so Isaac is
looking for pen ten buds if you know of
anybody that's interested our Kyo box is
in the links below and yeah
pen pen buds it's a good idea it is it's
a really good idea Isaac do you wanna
know what it's really called what pen
pals
does that sound familiar
I like your idea of pen buds though
we're doing pen buds I'm gonna be one
what's my what when I when I
get married oh you're gonna be a pen pal
when you get married yeah cool with you
what a boy oh this sounds serious yeah
it's gonna be my husband ah that's a fun
idea be careful buddy
that's not careful you are a daredevil
maniac buddy what if you fall so
confident you balancing he always wants
to push the limits so you guys the grass
is starting to turn a green it's so
exciting I love spring so I was just
using some genius parenting tactics with
Caleb I was threatening him that if he
didn't come up now that I was going to
get his pajamas on him and put him to
bed right away I thought that I was
pretty intimidating to him that maybe
there was a sense of urgency maybe a
tinge of fear instead he ran into the
woods as fast as he could so that was
his method he's now in the woods
somewhere hiding from me Caleb don't
hide from me bud come on come on I got
to take you inside and put you down it's
time to come in
I really don't want to go in there and
get him I am coming bud you're gonna
have to go right to bed you think you're
so smart
I'm coming he's in big trouble
Caleb come on but you got to go in where
it's time to go inside I noticed that
I'm kind of stuck right here mom
outsmarted Caleb by bringing up the
deadly bugs that come out for children
after it's bedtime something like that
he came after hearing about the bug
bites I prefer to just threaten them
threatened and threatened she outsmarted
him by lying to him evening and they
bite you told you the delivery was
really creative help Caleb the bugs that
come out that will eat you and then he
like comes running out of the forest
genius I have been stuck in moments
without Jeremy's help and had to very
creatively talk my way into Caleb's
compliance because sometimes my arms are
full so do what you got to do Oh Keith
Jamie's house out oh that counts he's a
out Matos we got it
good work
