your mark get set go good morning it is
rainy and cold out this morning but we
are going swimming all right here we are
we made it to swim lesson are you
excited
there they are swimming away are you
guys like
you
so we were invited by some friends this
afternoon to head down to wonder scope
which is a Children's Museum in Shawnee
Kansas and they have tickets for all of
us they had some extra tickets and they
invited us to use them with them so we
are going to go play inside there and I
went here for my birthday one time and I
don't even remember what my mom is going
to show me something did we get home for
Alisa's second birthday
we came here we're gonna go inside and
play and it's gonna be really fun
your mark in our in the Lego ring
Oh
so I think it's telling us all
that was awesome I think it work early
Kazu it
alright guys I am a tired mama
swim lessons and a field trip to a
Children's Museum in one day it's just a
lot not to mention I'm taking care of
the kids in between Weiss and Miata and
want me to hold you Hey ok ok alright so
now I am making dinner what mommy mommy
alright so for dinner tonight we are
going to have some spaghetti and some
naki that has made that how do you that
strawberries and blanched asparagus so
that's what I'm working on the kids are
watching a show I decided to let them
relax and just cook in peace anyway it
was a really really fun day it's just
one of those days where you know I mean
swim lessons getting everybody in and
out of the car cuz it's like 35 degrees
out and then what mmm anyway um none of
the kids have napped today so it's just
been kind of a weird day
but um I'm excited for dinner that
should be fun I'm going out with a
friend tonight so that would be nice too
so so I found out that one of my friends
is pregnant today and I'm so excited for
her like that's so exciting I had
another friend that I found out was
pregnant earlier this week and it just
makes me sad like I know we're not ready
for another one quite yet but I just
love kids okay I'll stop right now okay
so I'm blanching asparagus for part of
our dinner tonight because that's my
favorite way to eat asparagus that's why
my mom prepared it growing up but I
actually haven't blanched something a
really long time do you guys blanch your
vegetables ever so blanching what it
means is you drop it in boiling water
then you drop it in ice cold water and
then you take it out so you just only
cook it for a short amount of time like
maybe two minutes I don't know I'm kind
of winging it so hopefully that works
well in here late at night editing and
I'm just so grateful that I'd have these
vlogs to make and the footage to go
through and watch now even though I
wasn't there with them at swimming we're
at winter wonder scope I was able to
watch so much of it and feel like I was
there with them and you know at the end
of the day I come home and we have
dinner and I sit down and I asked him
about it but it's just totally different
to actually get to watch it and to see
their faces and to see their reactions
and to see the exciting moments of each
day and so that's one of the things I've
just really been loving about the vlog
is this opportunity to watch more of my
family's life and anyway we're getting
ready to go into the weekend so happy
weekend and we'll see you soon Jay house
out for that door go I write ho and not
Indiana
I love campus could go easy and with
