all right good morning and happy st.
Patrick's Day we are getting ready to
put our corned beef and cabbage into the
crock pot Jeremy now show us what you're
doing
I'm filling potatoes booyah there's
corned beef and we've got cabbage
wedging this and we got all the
ingredients carrots I'm gonna watch that
you're watching daddy what color are you
wearing what shirt you have we green for
why me because it's Oh what day is today
Saint Patrick's Day it's st. Patrick's
Day and water McKeiver food so it's fun
with any holiday with having a family
you get to create what kind of
traditions and and what kind of memories
you want to have we thought it would be
neat to study Ireland to learn about
Ireland to eat what Irish people eat and
to talk about st. Patrick and learn
about the history of it so we're going
to do that today to help teach our kids
a little bit about it and hopefully have
some fun as well this is a pretty easy
recipe I'm excited to try it I've
actually never had corned beef and
cabbage all right we'll let you know in
8 hours how it turned out so this
morning the kids and I went to tour a
homeschool enrichment program in a town
that's about 30 minutes south of us we
have absolutely loved homeschooling and
this next year we're just looking into
this program as kind of a supplement to
what we do so it would be one day a week
that Isaac and Elise would kind of go to
school and they would be in their grade
classes with about 20 other students and
they would do like art and music and PE
some science experiments and math games
and recess and anyway they also host a
lot of field trips for the families
so it's an option that we're looking
into I'm torn like there's a piece of me
that's really excited about it and
really wants to do it and another piece
of me that just has loved this year so
much so I just want to keep going the
way we are going but anyway that's what
we did this morning then we went and had
lunch with some friends and now Laura
and Caleb are napping and we are
breaking into some of our fun st.
Patty's Day ideas that we're doing today
so we're starting out with a math
activity we're using Lucky Charms and
we're counting to see how many cereal
pieces and there were and you know it
looks like I'm having fun actually of
100 my 100 here all right now we are
graphing the marshmallows to see which
kind we got the most of it sneezy Deezy
Lucy is finishing up hers this is my
first time doing this yeah you haven't
done graphs before do you know this kind
of a graph is called a bar graph I'm not
cool all right so we read our book
together and we've been talking about
Ireland and I've been teaching them
actually about the great potato famine
and in honor of that and you know
potatoes in general we are going to make
what potato candy hmm
what do you think what's your prediction
Lee Sousa can be yummy for yucky
I think thinks it tasty that I think
it's yummy it's gonna be yummy yummy
yummy yummy yeah do you guys want to
help me make it you have to dance and um
some of our family they used to live in
Ireland it's for mom's family and and
they moved it to North to America
because of the potato famine very nice
all right mr. Caleb woke up so he's
gonna be joining us so I'm gonna bring
it over to the table so we can work on
it but Kay that first can you show us
where Ireland is what also orange one
how did you learn that you're
and happy thing Patras pain good job
we're making you say it well yet defense
extending good what are what are we
making yeah yeah
candy potatoes megiddo can potato candy
alright I love it you haven't even tried
it I never tried that oh you're gonna
get lucky I'm here yaki mm-hmm all right
now you know you clucks yaki not yet the
peanut butter doesn't go in until the
very very end oh my gosh
this is ridiculous it is ridiculous all
right so we just kept adding sugar and
eventually it turned into this dough
here can you show him this again so it's
a it's a dough but c-elysee reaction
probably won't like it good
was it good and yeah yeah you gotta
check this out I've never tried but hey
and also I haven't either and also you
will ease and maybe you viewers a little
bit skinnier yeah a little bit skinnier
because we have a giant youngest family
all right I just got home from work it
looks like the food is smelling good and
what are you guys doing hey neighbor
for second alright guys this is what
you're going to do so we're going to use
this as a stamp so you take the green
all right give it a taste some of what
you think of corned beef Caleb you like
it alright this is Irish soda bread
fire
okay pick one that wears out now
hi can you say Elise Elise good job can
you say Isaac Oh
