hi can you say Elise Elise good job can
you say Isaac oh oh
can you say mama oh good job can you say
Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada oh can you see
Elise yay good job
is that your big sister yay yeah you're
adorable can you do doggy doggy doggy
doggy
yeah doggy she says will your mom wear
so the sign for dog is down here you pat
your leg but she consistently passed
doggy doggy all right can you sign hey
doggy
can you sign food food eat can you sign
milk nice and work can you sign that bat
bat good job
how about sleep can you sing sleep
can you stay sleep alright so the
weather is gorgeous today so we decided
to head out on some nature walks and we
have some friends with us so the kids
are just running and enjoying life and
it's it's just nice I'm so happy that
Springs in the air kill it what you
doing you want a stick so you chose that
one there you go
go with that one
all right so today has been a bit of a
field trip fail here's the whole story
so we decided to go to the zoo today and
we were running a little bit late but
not too bad and we arrived at the zoo
and there were a massive crowd like it
was insanely crowded it looked like it
would take us an hour to even get up and
buy our tickets to get in so we decided
to bail and head to this nature
sanctuary that we knew was nearby so we
arrived there were like oh yeah beat the
crowds and guess what it's not open on
Mondays it's open Tuesdays through
Sundays so then we decided that we would
just hike the trails because we're here
and we've got kids and might as well
enjoy that and now we are currently a
down on the trails and we don't know
where we are and so we are just kinda
hiking in circles hoping that very soon
we find the path back up alright so
somehow we reached the top we had to
eventually like scale that's mountain
and somehow we did it and the kids did
it and we're here yeah
so now we're enjoying the pretty views
two roads diverged in a yellow wood and
I just wanted to know which one went to
our lunch alright so we made it that was
a little shaky there for a minute we
didn't know where we were and it was
rough but we made it and now we are
drinking our water and eating our lunch
very happily there were such big crowds
out today that they actually decided to
open up the Nature Center so we're
coming in to explore and the first thing
we're seeing is a bunch of dinosaur
stuff
what is it what do you think
zip furs for different animals
so this shows us different animals that
live underground
after a busy morning we came home and we
did school and Laura took a nap and
anyway now the kids are outside playing
and little miss Laura is quite the
adventurer seriously I put her down
and she just like books it over to
wherever Isaac and Elise are Caleb art
she just wants to join with them and
check everything out what do you think
the girl cubby what are you up to we're
playing house tonight
oh very cool so this is the soup you're
making yeah and you're making what are
you making Lacey what are you making
he's making quinoa guys Isaac I am so
impressed you managed to get up there
among all those sticks
I love these gorgeous weather just like
calm afternoons like school works done
the kids are just playing it's so nice
hey buddy
all right so st. Patrick's Day is
tomorrow and I know lots of families do
different things for st. Patrick's Day
growing up my family we just like wore
green and that was about it okay I'd be
heading off to school and you'd be like
oh my goodness it's st. Patrick's Day
and I try to make sure like I had green
hair ribbon or somewhere green on my
shirt like it wasn't a huge deal in my
family growing up but we are my family
heritage does come from Ireland and so
I've always been kind of intrigued by
the holiday and my favorite color is
green so I think that always helped to
what we decided to do is tomorrow we are
going to be focusing on Ireland and
learning about Ireland and I'm excited
to find a way to you know educate the
kids and we're gonna talk about st.
Patrick and who he was and anyway should
be fun day so I hope that you guys are
having
great st. Patrick's Day and I would love
to hear in the comments below what you
are doing to celebrate st. Patrick's Day
and stay tuned to see what we do
tomorrow so check us out and I fun this
thing that you can think is in mommy's
purse dumb-dumb mom does have gum in her
purse a lot doesn't she you do love gum
now Elise is going to film me showing
you what's in my purse Hey
