what's in your bag what you put in your
purse pizzas some toys for baby Laura
and my dog my flavor egg and we should
and my makeup I think every person have
some pizza in it and a dog oh and a
whale a whale a baby time just a baby
well okay you can put a baby well in
there but when that whale grows up you
might not be able to fit it in there
okay she's putting my purse to shame we
should do this is a great idea we should
do a toddler what's in my bag blog that
would be hilarious I think we just did
so Missy Lisa's playing house this
morning and she came upstairs and she
said mom can I show you what's in my
purse and it just made me smile so much
that I thought we would share with you
guys so let's find out what's in Elise's
mommy bag
all right anything else in your purse
nope no why did you put those things in
your purse I just I wanted to be like my
mom oh and what does your mom have in
her purse a lot just death Oh does mommy
have whales and people in her purse
why not daddies carry purses cuz they
have bags that they need for computers
Oh dad's carry computer bags yeah yeah
what's the most important thing for a
mommy to have in her purse
there flow there phone yeah what else
are good things for mommies to put in
their purses if they're calling someone
and someone need to and to write things
so they can remember they need and pens
and their pencils
yes they do what's the funnest thing
that you can think is in mommy's purse
gum gum mom does have gum in her purse a
lot doesn't she yeah
you do love gum now Elise is going to
film me showing you what's in my purse
hi all right so you sit over here a
little bit more hey can you see mommy
yeah can you see my purse oh yeah you
see mommy's head still yeah okay all
right guys let's find out what's in my
purse I'm a little scared all right so
this is my purse I also have a diaper
bag and I switch back and forth between
them so that's my first disclaimer the
second disclaimer is I have not cleaned
this thing out since we went on our trip
and also as a side note I hate persons
whenever possible I just take my wallet
and my phone and my keys with me and I
just like stuff them in my pockets
it's awesome all right but let's see
what's in here
umm the first thing I have is a library
catalog Purell hand sanitizing wipes
love those on vacation also wet ones
wipes
apparently we needed a lot of those a
random
loading business card for Jeremy two
packs of Listerine must have had a
really bad breath that day a rubber band
baby nail clippers some crumbs and a
paper clip so that's what's on that side
the other side we have on my wallet a
headband for baby Laura Carmack's
I usually have chapstick or karmic
surround I love it and lotion I hate
having dry so that's a big one for me
Kleenex which apparently is so full a
thing of baby-proof would a Tylenol
and it looks like some stickers from
when we went to in-n-out burger one pen
and this is a key to our smaller car
usually I just have my car keys in here
but I have currently misplaced those so
instead I have one key to our small car
and this is our spare key to our van in
our house so it's actually the valet key
all right in the center pocket I have a
few pens and a Halloween pencil a pack
of band-aids which hopefully has
something inside of it let's see yes mom
win here's actually bandaged in the
band-aid container and Oh an exploding
band-aid
um girly things I like those
alright it looks like we have a random
band-aid another puro hand wipe oh I saw
those from chick right and the final
things in the bag are um what are three
more paper clips which I don't know why
I have
oops my purse a rubber band for Elise
and takeoff job so uh embarrassing but
true that is what is in my bag come over
here is in my lap all right well that's
what's in our bags you say J how's that
with me it's not the end every day oh
that's the trim to make this a special
part okay ready
who's the second ready leave it on when
I say Marie Hilley um somebody oh you
want to tag somebody yeah oh sure we can
tag somebody
alright vide want to tag oh yeah and who
else IQ Audrey from the nidal hmm oh
that would be fun alright Audrey and
brick from the nine Knowles and Symphony
and Nia from Sam and Nia apparently you
are tagged in a what's in your toddler's
bag what do you wanna say yay house out
by you know how there's a frozen movie
yeah guess what they just decided
they're gonna make another frozen movie
oh there's gonna be a new one okay maybe
there's gonna be a frozen - so what
we're talking about is there's gonna be
a number two frozen instead of what
