all right good morning it is Saturday
and it is pi day
so we're tried to celebrate that tonight
but um I went to freezer group this
morning I made a bunch of yummy new
freezer meals I think I'm most excited
to try this like homemade sweet and sour
meatball recipe so we made the meatballs
there and like cooked them or like brown
the outside and now when it's cooking
day I just have to toss it in my crock
pot so I'm really excited
Jeremy was home with the kids and they
folded laundry and played outside I'm
treating myself to a Saturday afternoon
salad and it looks like everyone has
congregated to want a bite who wants a
bite ms lanai
do you mind Sam so this is a Justin's
brand dark chocolate peanut butter cup
I've seen that people love these things
and I didn't think we could get them
around here because we don't have a
Trader Joe's and that's where most
people seem to be getting them but I
found it out of the health section of
our local grocery store what's that
Detroit I want to try it you gonna watch
me try oh yeah person official taste
test what do you think
well it's definitely not a Reese's
Peanut workup so don't expect it to be
every since we network up I wouldn't
think so it's not as sweet as a
recipient rotor cup obviously I'm sure
it's like a more natural peanut butter
whose the inside right so I am taking
these two cute girls to a frozen
birthday party are you guys excited
keep it guess what I have something
exciting to tell you what you know how
there's a frozen movie guess what they
just decided they're gonna make another
frozen movie oh there's gonna be a new
one there's gonna be a frozen too so
what we're talking about is there's
gonna be a number two frozen instead of
what and what are you girls excited
about for you we are excited that uh
that um we're gonna watch it and that we
are gonna like oh we're gonna we think
that there's gonna be new dresses right
yeah frozen birthday party all right so
after dropping a Lisa at her party we
decided to come to the grocery store and
pick up a few things and the boys are
having fun because what are you doing
yeah yeah what did we get so far
starting with some fruits and vegetables
yeah and there's our fruits and
vegetables yeah what are we going to get
next now now and what else cubby all
right so the kids are outside playing
with the neighbors it's almost
dinnertime so some of the neighbors have
gone home but they discovered a new tree
to climb so I have to show you guys how
they're doing
nice nailed it yep nice and these girls
are swinging standing up all right in
honor of pi day we just had a little
lesson just like 10 or 15 minutes about
hi I'm sorry I couldn't grab the camera
to video any of it because Laura's being
super Wiggly and Jeremy wasn't home so
we got out a circle and practice trying
to measure in different ways and
discovered the problem and why they
needed pie and then we watched a couple
of YouTube videos I really liked that
really clearly explained what pie is and
I'll put those in the links below all
right Caleb what is pie number is a
number whoa Lisi what shape does pie
work with a circle a circle do you know
anything else about a circle the middle
part is a diet and we're all right Isaac
what else can you tell us about pie and
circles okay
the the distant of the circle of the pie
is I mean this circle is called a
circumference yes and also a Rainier
radius radius that it's half the
distance across now what are we going to
eat the pie what kind of a pie do we
have here
beautiful sunset tonight I just got back
from the organization that we went to to
provide dinner and it was really
exciting I was there with about 20 other
friends of mine from church and it's a
organization that houses homeless
mothers and their children it helps them
find work and it also provides therapy
and just to give an example one of the
mothers we met with had three little
kids there she had just lost her husband
a year earlier and she was in rehab
there she's going through therapy and
trying to get her feet trying to get
back on her feet
you know trying to recover from that
life event and from homelessness and it
just continues to amaze me how many
places are like this out there that I
never knew about before and there were
just some adorable children it was fun
to read to them to sit them on our lap
and read bedtime stories to them to play
peek-a-boo with them all of the children
there have don't have a father that's
regularly involved in their life and and
they were really amazing people and we
met some good friends while we were
there we were already planning our next
project that we're wanting to do there
to help their playground out it made my
day I you know we were able to bring
them dinner but I think that we got more
out of it by going and meeting with them
well thanks for joining us for our day J
house out
all right so it's date night yay
