we just talked about how you know a
weird all of us are to be on there why
do you watch this I'm just gonna keep
watching and subscribe
are you feeding your brother is she
feeding you coming ants go marching ants
go marching two by two hurrah hurrah the
ants go marching two by two
gonna be an exciting day two dating all
right so guys this morning we have a fun
opportunity we are going to be stunt
interviewing with a producer from CNN
and that our kids yoga challenge
that's what we needed to do during the
interview go alright so we just finished
our interview and it was a lot of fun
and a lot chaotic so it's gonna be tough
for the editor to sift through the chaos
and come up with something hopefully
there's something in there but it was
really fun and it was fun to reflect on
the experience of the kids yoga
challenge to Austin though he's about to
show up here if you don't know who he is
you gotta see the nightmares
they are family bloggers they've been
doing it for about five years and anyone
just super excited okay
I'm here with Austin norm oh my god so
he's just moved to Kansas City we're
just thinking on it
Jax thanks man that I mean there's no
food but it was more taken and I just I
did not to film Austin stuffing his face
with this like you barbecue sanity all
the facts never dig those I don't
realize how big it was and I just kept
eating it
we didn't finish these fries to go tell
the dietbet yeah I had a salad we have a
diet weigh-in coming in on the 15th yeah
anyway Austin I'm just so grateful that
he took spend it with me to green wisdom
from him and his family people I can't
subscribe and if you don't know the nine
goals
so yeah I'll put a link below but you
should barttv subscribe here then and if
not definitely check them out they're
all sorry they have two little kids
Brittany is pregnant right now with
their food yes no I
right yes yes so go check them out
all right I'm back in my office had a
great lunch with Austin who's just a
humble nice guy we're looking forward to
seeing them again they have a YouTube
Kansas City meetup coming up sometime in
the next couple months and it'll be fun
to have Kendra meet up with Brittney and
Audrey and Caleb I think are gonna be a
cute little combination so I am super
excited about that guess what you guys
Caleb called me to tell me something
that a boy I'm so proud of you buddy
yummy I love you guys those were the fun
kind of calls I get in the office
hopefully when a client isn't with me so
we're getting some pizza
and we're going to the park with some
friends here with our friends and he's a
nurse and necess this is one of the
words I can't say how do you say it I'm
terrible it's nurse an emphasis nurse
anesthetist like I can never say and my
best friend growing up became a nurse
anesthetist hey I'd say it again for the
nurse an ethicist nurse an emphasis as
close what I'm wondering what are words
that you can't say or your kids can't
say and it distracts it nurse
anesthetist I'm like an attorney I get
up in court you know and if there's like
a case about a nurse anesthetists
I'm gonna look like a complete idiot
nurse anesthetist can't sit when we face
tRNA sec RNA that's not as cool okay say
it again nurse nurse anesthetists you
missed yeah are you going down the slide
we had a great time in the park
it was nice we went to the library
beforehand and so we've got loads of
books for tomorrow which is always
lovely I think my favorite part of the
park outing was that the dads watch the
kids over on the playground while the
moms sat and chatted like that's just
such a rare treat to be able to do that
so there's a fun evening for me at least
and I think the kids are completely
tired and begging to go to bed like
they're just exhausted right guys right
away
hello my name is Simon and I like to do
Tori's
