what do you think a baby Laura as you
can see is that baby Laura
do you want to say hi did you get the
baby did she finally come out of mommy's
tunnel she gonna come to live with us
this is baby
Laura say love you baby Laura love her
like her like that he says hola baby
Lola Bigelow rose is she here she gonna
stay yeah we're gonna take her home yeah
her bed so tiny her head says she
sometimes she's a little one
hey what a nice big brothers you sing to
the bar oh yeah wine up who's the baby
baby no baby
so how are you feeling I'm gonna switch
our blankets the moment of the beauty of
seeing my daughter for the first time
combined with realizing that I had
accomplished my goal I had given birth
naturally and I was really proud of
myself and grateful to be with her a
grateful for Jeremy's support through
the whole experience
