local pole oh hello my name is Simon and
I liked to do drawings we had a lovely
morning playing with some friends and
now Laura and Caleb both went down for
naps so we decided to jump on the chance
to do some fun school with Isaac
Annalise so here we have what they're
working on Elise is doing the hundreds
board and she is doing really well at
recognizing her numbers all right how
about the number 11 yay how about the
number 100 what you are getting so good
with your numbers and I think it's over
here working on so this container has
thousands hundreds tens and ones and I
gave him a list of numbers that he is
supposed to be making and here he is
working on it what do you think of this
activity Isaac it's really fun and also
after this we are getting ready to start
another read aloud I'm really excited we
are going to be reading the mouse and
the motorcycle by beverly cleary are you
excited yeah
that was the reaction to me opening the
garage door I had the kids run around
the front to get out their bikes and
Laura was so excited to see you alright
it's another gorgeous day so I think
we're gonna be spending the afternoon
outside okay would you feel like red
light red light
I know we didn't show the front yard on
our house tour the other day but we
loved having a big three-car driveway
like it's nice and flat and the kids can
just bike and play here it's really nice
because it's safe for them we were just
walking up from the neighbor's house and
the Jeremy's like I'm hot I need shorts
on yeah Isaac's wearing shorts what's
the temperature here it's 70 degrees 70
it's perfect it's hot like long sleep
I'm gonna wear short sleeves tomorrow no
but then we looked over and Phoenix the
current temperature is 84 but the high
tomorrow is 90 we came home right at the
right no have you seen Laura in the
little car no we took the training
wheels off not so fast you little stink
bomb all right with the time change is
still light out after dinner so we are
out for some after-dinner fun and I
should probably be inside doing dishes
but yeah I'm just gonna play
whoa all right so our backyard is one of
our favorite spaces and we keep every
year doing small things to improve it so
last year we added the swings that we
just showed you the kids on and we also
last year Jeremy cleared out the fort
that the kids spend tons of time in but
I'm excited like it's that time of year
to talk about like backyard plans and
what we want to do this year and what we
want to add I really want to add like a
what's it called like a tightrope walk
between two of our trees and I really
want to cut up one of the stumps that we
have and have like little places to sit
I got loads and loads of ideas my
Pinterest board called backyard
daydreams is like full of stuff like I
would love to have a tree what's it
called treehouse and maybe you could
have like a slide off of it I think this
summer we also might add a garden I'm a
little overwhelmed by that but we might
have to try it and if the kids play
their cards right maybe we'll get a
trampoline
I know who wants a next turn
what do you think bud good nice she
still got it
you wanna see Laura I'm gonna vlog Laura
just chillin around here I'm really good
at vlogging I notice that you are really
good at
I really like football because it's
really fun and there's a mosquito on
it's not hot anymore kiddos are and I
like to do
jewelry's they'd have ever seen that
Mike Myers Saturday Night Live back in
the day
I okay so I just put down Caleb and the
kids and then Kaitlyn came out of his
room and came and hid in this room
apparently where is he he's under the
bed she likes it then Reverend little
head nod
to me
