so many wants to be just like her big
sister today's Monday and as Jeremy's
first day back to work after our long
trip and so we just decided to take it
easy I didn't want to dive straight back
into all of our routines so I'm
reinstating quiet time now that we're
home in the afternoon and Caleb actually
fell asleep today I'm really excited
about it and a little bit nervous that
he won't go to bed tonight so do you
guys want to come with me it's time to
wake up Caleb hey buddy hey buddy its
morning time mr. Caleb man did you take
him now yeah oh you took a good nap does
your body feel better again what what
did you say I think he wants to keep
sleeping what do you guys think I think
I brought more because that was me wait
you think the noise of Laura will wake
you in the back MS Laura are you playing
with the toys in here yeah
so while we were on our trip I thought I
lost my favorite earrings and like we
tore apart the rental house before we
left looking all over for them and we
couldn't find them so we left and I was
just kind of bummed about it anyway
today when unpacking we found them so
yay they're back I'm so excited I
thought they were lost forever so yeah
they're super lightweight they're these
leather earrings my friend she's my
neighbor actually she makes them and she
has a business it's called a nickel in
suede so they just had their spring
lineup come out with all their new
colors I'm really excited I'm gonna have
to get at least one more set I just love
them I like the white because it's
really versatile but they do all
different colors so the only thing
that's still missing from our trip is my
car keys so what happened is since we
were on the trip we were together all
the time and we had both sets of keys
but we were always using Jeremy's anyway
I know I packed them like I know they
came with us I just haven't found out
where they are yet so Caleb was sitting
on the couch just a minute ago like I
cuddled him he woken up I gave him some
milk he was just chilling on the couch
and I look over and he's gone which
anyone that knows Caleb knows that
that's cause for alarm so I start like
running through the rooms like where's
Caleb where could he be
you'll never guess where I found him
I hope he sleeps tonight wish us luck
it's after school and the neighbor kids
are coming over and then kids are having
a good time in this pretty weather I'm
just feeling really overwhelmed coming
back and trying to get into the groove
of everything and I guess feeling kind
of hard on myself and as I was sitting
here chopping and thinking I just
realized that I need to remember to be
gentle with myself and give myself
credit for the things that I am doing
and anyway I'm not be perfect mom or
perfect anything but okay I'm trying and
I was what I what's fun what prompted
all this thinking was I was thinking
about that dinner that I'm providing
tonight and just think about how I want
to improve our health but then I was
just thinking that I need to give myself
credit for our dinner like there's a
fruit and a vegetable and a homemade
meal with veggies in it and anyway I'm
not perfect at any of these things but I
keep trying
so anyway is that really yummy
are you eating a strawberry yeah so if
you're having a hard time and you feel
like you're just hanging in there I
understand we're in this together just
keep trying over here copy what are you
doing are you stuck or are you doing
that on purpose
oh you want to be like that and you guys
show me how you walk on the balanced
view
you can't get out oh thanks for the
ticket all right I just got home from
work
the kids are pointing outside and I'm
feeding baby Laura some of our dinner
she's just so cute right now you like it
she likes it
then look her little head nod
does that mean she likes it yeah I know
a lot of people like to keep their food
in separate categories like I think
that's pretty normal
exhibit a Exhibit B I don't think I
think that just makes it more exciting
and yummy the question is are you as
segregated or a mixer so some of my
favorite combinations are with breakfast
food like syrup makes everything with
breakfast food better even eggs
definitely bacon like bacon is so much
better with syrup so the other question
too is if you are a combiner of foods or
you know someone or a family member
what's the strangest thing that you can
value alright so I went to sprouts for
the first time tonight I haven't been
there before and I was excited and now
that I'm trying to look into some
healthier eating options to just see
what was available and it was a little
bit overwhelming and a lot exciting like
I kind of felt like a kid in a candy
store I swear there was something else
we wanted to tell you but I guess we'll
both have to wait until tomorrow and I
remember that so do you have that you're
not supposed to tell them that we got it
clean so that day I think this is how it
always is right
