alright guys I'm excited to show you our
house today we love our house we bought
it about two years ago and even though
it looks like we just moved in because I
haven't decorated it all um we really
really enjoyed living here what sold us
on the house we were looking at it was
the open floor plan of the main living
space and the backyard all right when
you walk in the front door you come into
this room
we love that there was a built-in
bookcase and we loved the fireplace and
the big windows and mostly we really
loved the openness of the floorplan
yummy what is it what's for dinner okay
what are this I don't know maybe
couscous oh this is where we keep the
balloons that's an important detail
about our house I love that from the
kitchen I look out on the woods that is
one of my favorite views so just off the
kitchen you go out to the covered deck
and you can see the yard hi guys hi
other she's leaving all right so there's
the yard okay here's the hallway to the
kids rooms Issac and Elise have their
bedroom we liked that the bedrooms were
big enough that they were comfortable
for the kids to share here's the
bathroom with a double vanity which is
super nice for a bathroom it kids are
sharing and then there's Caleb's room in
this hallway we have the laundry which I
really like I thought that it would kind
of bug me to not have a laundry room but
I like that it's so conveniently located
here's Jeremy a nice room and I know
we've been married for like ten years we
should definitely have
like legitimate bedroom furniture by now
but we just don't we've never bought
that stuff and I would like to so
hopefully maybe this is the year that
will work on that but then we go into
our bathroom and I'll be honest I love
our bathroom the double vanity the big
tub I love bath
so the big tub is a big selling point to
me that's very plot do we have a new car
cut where to be at the park friend yeah
yeah I know it's a little unorthodox to
have your baby sleeping in your walk-in
closet but we really like it it's nice
because she's really close to us but
she's not actually in our room and so I
feel like it's like a quieter space for
her to be away from the kids so how many
bedrooms do we have in our house um we
have three three all right and how many
bathrooms do we have we have three cuz
we remember the one downstairs cubby
cheese on the downstairs so the basement
is pretty simple there's the door out to
the garage right here which let's see if
it's a nice deep garage which we really
like and it's a three car garage which
is super there's like tons of space for
the bikes and also we put a lot of our
storage out there and then we've got
this built-in coat area and the rest of
the basement is just one big toy room
you're not supposed to tell them that we
got it clean so that they would think
this is how it always is right well it's
always men
okay so this is our glass ooh what's in
there is a plant that we need to water
oh okay our big plant that we need the
water sandwich for the few words oh yeah
me both we've lost a piece of bread let
me sleep in there Oh have you slept in
there oh when there was a tornado
warning did we go into that little room
yeah we did awesome did you guys make
this yeah I'm gonna do cake drinks
Oh
