alright well it's time to get real about
being home and time for us to unpack the
van somehow I procrastinated it all day
yesterday so today it's getting real we
are bringing everything into the house
and we're going to unpack it all and
clean out the van so it's nice and clean
again to start real life on Monday
what's on your eyes can you take your
glasses off Oh what did you do I make my
own shy ayah is you eyeshadow uh-huh you
made your own eyeshadow well it looks
very purpley yeah do you like it yeah
all right so we've been working for a
couple hours it feels sometimes like
we're just moving stuff around but I
know we're making progress and that's
our laundry pile I've never seen her
laundry pile that big before
now that's not too impressive it'll be
what like four loads yeah I was so the
kids had the neighbors came over to play
and so they're outside climbing trees
out in the woods what are you guys doing
I mean hi are you just hanging out there
buddy your your feet aren't even
touching but what if that branch breaks
oh good all right hi can he get down
from there yeah yeah sure sure let's see
it try to get down
this how I get that how I get very
impressive kay get back in there I want
to see you get back into that spot that
your little spot these are hat this is
our secret hideout this whole fort and
me and Caleb this is our hideout in the
tree kids are big enough to climb bigger
trees actually dad did you toot
that's gross you're silly
I have so many memories with my friends
and my brothers out just playing out in
the woods and so I'm so grateful that we
have this type of an area right in our
backyard and I mean that was a big
reason why we decided to live in this
house was this space and all of the
creativity and the pretending and the
imaginations and just climbing around
that the kids can do out here so I'm
glad that they're using it we haven't
gone shopping yet since we got back from
our chair so we still don't have very
much food we actually had some boxes of
macaroni and cheese on the trip that we
brought home with us and so we're eating
that now but it's kind of crazy we're
getting to the point where one box a
macaroni and cheese might not be enough
to feed these four little piggies so
much alright our cousin Alison is
turning nine today and she's having a
hoedown stick rodeo is it your birthday
yeah so why did you decide to do a
hoedown stick rodeo well I love love
love love love love love horses it's too
awesome do you want to feed the horses
let's go we're going to get Caleb a
cowboy hat okay let's feed the horse
Nikita - who's your horsey okay Blake
I'm going to do the cakes
we know
Oh
loser you did
do you like it
ice cream and root beer
all right he had a great time at Ally's
party it was so fun to see so many
friends and just fun to like dance and
play games it was awesome
all right Jay can you say it like a
happy birthday Jay how sad
okay can you guys say it in Spanish Anna
gustl haha Melvin you stick your hand
out okay
