you stick your hand out okay it feels I
can have a new backyard do you like her
backyard and I'm glad I got some good
sleep I woke up at 9:45 that's crazy
did you put makeup on been repeating
let's go get your breakfast okay but at
least was wanting someone to dance with
her and Caleb volunteered you guys dance
in
yeah
okay
it has been so nice to be home I really
didn't anticipate how good coming home
would feel what you say oh oh it's good
what's good to be home to being home
awesome okay so what do you like about
being home um clean with make ready oh
the kids have been so happy with their
toys and being back to their regular
space anyway we obviously have lots of
laundry and unpacking to do and I have
to go grocery shopping let me show you a
fridge we have amazing neighbors who
came and brought us milk and eggs when
they turned on our heater for us last
night which was awesome but look look
there we go
need to go shopping a little anyway um
but something that I absolutely love I
was super excited today about freezer
meals is even though I have nothing in
my fridge we're still having a
home-cooked meal which after all these
days of traveling it feels really nice
still do that so we are having Tuscan
chicken soup tonight and rolls so
alright so we're having some rolls and I
already dished up the kids Tuscan
chicken soup so we've had this meal once
before and it was really good also Isaac
and Elise are down at a neighbor's house
playing with their friends like they're
so excited to see their friends Jeremy's
gonna be home from work any minute and
then we are heading to Britton
Michelle's house to see our cousins
while we were gone it snowed a lot in
Kansas City but it is just starting to
warm up so it's about 50 degrees today
which is warm for Kansas City in the
winter so the kids are getting ready to
go out and play
where is baby food
hardly ever it's been several weeks
right but she'll just eat whatever we're
having for dinner we'll cut it up and
she's eating more and more and more of
it it's been really nice to see her
starting anymore because she's so tiny
all right what do you guys like most
about being home nice what do you like
most about me at home I like sleeping in
my bed because it has really like roses
to Isaac what do you like most about
being home I like my Legos I didn't
bring my Lola goes dumb cubby what's
your favorite part about being home do
you want to go to sleep right now
I sure hope that's the case yeah we have
missed that part of it too we hope that
you will see Michelle dog and your cat
I'm gonna go see their new doggy yeah
you bet this day John okay we're gonna
go hide the doggy did you come to see
the dog what she bigger than you thought
she was what do you think she likes me
you stick your hand out okay if you
wiggle it in front of her face you'll
get that one
I really feel free
good job hello girl yeah girl shoot
enough more yeah so Laura is just
learning how to climb up the stairs and
she's having so much fun you climb it
more stairs so I wanted to see if she
knows how to come down the stairs I'm
not sure if she knows what to do
can you come down come down oMG yes good
job big girl can you do it oh good job
this one tonight bring Michelle we're
asking ask questions about our favorite
parts of the trip and it was good to
like remember like all this stuff that
week it was hard we couldn't name like
what's the top right ah that's it to
hard to choose from there were so many
funds so I think overall like looking
back on a five-week vacation like it
sounds really long but it actually
worked out really well with how many
people were seeing and how much we were
doing and having our own space it was
really worked out really nicely I never
got that like oh my gosh we've got to
get home feeling by the time we were
ready to go I was like okay we can leave
and it's been really nice to be home but
I guess I was kind of surprised that
with that long of a trip it's so worked
out as well as it did mmm similar injury
highlights for me or obviously seeing
the friends and family and the
adventures there's so much to do in
Arizona
I can't narrow it down at all what was
your favorite I really I don't we are
useless at this we get choose how about
for you guys you saw the vlogs what were
some of your favorite moments that we
had while we were in Arizona I mean
there was the dancing with Julie the
horseback riding the drag races
a thing works I guess all the friends
yeah seeing the different YouTube
friends I mean there was just so many
things that we did so we really loved
all the food we ate - we ate some good
yeah
so from the last five weeks what was a
favorite blog what were things you guys
like the most that we did alright that's
it we're gonna go to bed now we're gonna
sleep in the night time like normal
people do so take us out to do a picture
of both of our families here a few
people yeah
you
