I mean up high Oh fun
so em got Caleb all hooked up with
everything and he's ready to go outside
and play just one or just one doesn't oh
that is awesome
push the button squeeze up hard he is so
funny
what cubby hey guys she wants to go out
so bad hey miss Elise what are you up to
and making it yeah you are you're up to
a really good start
luli see was that you making the eyes oh
my goodness look at this little snowman
there is caleb snowman what are you guys
playing chess
Pinker's right here I'm trying to go
here but he's gonna land me it because
you can't do it yeah keep em separate
you go yeah the pawns have to go
straight
unless you're attacking somebody Laura
you drum oh yeah she's loving that
Jeremy having like the best time ever in
here so I'm trying to play the drums for
a recording it's kind of high pressure
and I haven't played consistently and so
with the pressure and my perfectionism
combined I think I've done at about 300
times anyone gotten it right yet but I'm
gonna keep trying time awareness moment
what time do you think it is uh-oh 1141
5:00 p.m. what it's 5:00 p.m. no it's a
1209 okay one last time I promise me
hey Carter will you come to our house
and play okay
all right you bug your mom and dad about
it till they come okay Carter was taught
at miss Elise about moving next door
nice house right we've got many plans
I hear that commute from Missouri uh
there we go
well Isaac a just say goodbye he's not
happy at all there's another hug goodbye
kiss go now the real goodbye Jeremy and
Matt have to say goodbye all right so we
are almost ready to head home but before
we head home we are so glad we get to
meet up with family and today we almost
thought that the snow is going to have
to cancel our plans and we haven't
change our plans but we still get to see
them and hang out and visit which is
what matters most we've totally missed
them this last month and anyway texting
and chatting on the phone is just not
the same as seeing people in person so
Elise is excited to see symphony and I
can't wait to hear about everything with
them stuff in a minute they should be
here look in here already here all right
yeah yeah just kidding he's faking you
guys
is coming right now excited to see them
yeah who are you most excited to see
pictured symphony what are you eating a
lick a mint
I thought so never hear you say hello oh
hello
oh look who it is
okay look what did you frame are you
with me it's laughing so hard about any
and the diaper okay you'll have fun
playing we got our food aren't you
wondering how's your lunch good
you guys having fun together yeah simply
do you like maybe Laura do you want to
try it you want to try to pick her up
you got her you got it okay we're
getting ready to go we're going to
attempt to do a picture of both of our
families rescue people oh yeah
all right well we were so distracted
having such a great time chatting so we
didn't film very much of the meet up but
it was really fun the kids just played
happily in the play place and they
either food really well and the adults
are free to just sit and visit
to see them actually really sad to say
goodbye so hopefully we get to see them
again sometime soon all right so our big
trip is finally coming to our clothes
we're out on the last leg of our journey
we are headed out of Dallas right now
and they are driving home to Kansas City
so we're actually going to be driving
through the night tonight
we've done that a couple times recently
and we take turn so that's how we stay
awake the kids usually sleep pretty well
which is nice
you
hey it's good to be it was good to know
that there's not some 15 hour drive
ahead of us
the kids were so happy like they all
kind of woke up as we moved him inside
and he leaves his little face like it
was like Christmas morning my bed my
stool like shoes but we all know that
Kalin's gonna be up in two hours so
Jason
