we are all packed up the rental houses
you know locked up and anyway at this
point it is Dallas or bust baby we ended
up driving through the night yeah we
decided not to stop at a hotel
because the kids were going to wake up
in just a few hours and we thought we
might wake them up anyway along the way
by the time we were ready to stop at a
hotel it was like 1:00 or 2:00 a.m. and
caleb gets up at 5:00 a.m. so
we were nervous they would all wake up
the transition and it would be a short
night anyway so we just decided to push
through
we have harnessed our inner tracker yeah
so now we are just
on the tail and the baby of
with two more hours left of driving
that's it and then we'll be
alright so we just finished our we did
our 15 hour drive and you know that
feeling when you've been in the car for
15 hours and you haven't slept very much
you haven't showered you haven't brushed
your teeth for over 24 hours and the van
smells like death anyway that's where
we've been and we just came here to
Scott in cambers place I just took a
shower Henderson is so much better yeah
we were planning to brush your teeth
after that unfortunately we have to go
get back in the bin we should have been
like airing it out or something but
anyway it feels so nice to be cleaning
so we came to chick-fil-a playplace it's
always good for the kids after a long
drive she wants to play she's like get
me out of here
okay I'm gonna come three down over here
I'm having a ton of fun with Scott so
Scott is a total entrepreneur and I am
eating up just learning about what he
does the motivational speaker he's an
author and we go so it's fun to just sit
down and talk with him and hear about
all the stuff is linked to and what
they're up to it I'd really enjoy okay
you go down this side I'll watch you on
your tummy yeah what crazy or say
goodbye to Scott and Eleanor but we got
to hit the road the weather is terrible
right now so we're off camber is amazing
eating and I'm feeding her family in the
way that I would like to work towards
helping that way and so I was totally
asking your tons of questions and just
learning from
which is great - they're just a really
I'm just telling Ken here that since
yesterday we've almost room in 1,200
miles I think we're all getting a little
stir-crazy so one of the interesting
things about this long trip has been
trying to stay awake while driving
Kendra and I have been switching on and
off of who's driving to try to help me
I've eaten sunflower seeds which they're
effective at keeping me awake but they
totally gross Kendra out how about for
you guys when you're trying to stay
awake when you're driving any tricks or
things that you do to keep you awake it
might be helpful for us tomorrow we have
a long drive the rest of the day so let
us know tricks to help us stay awake
while driving so we're here with my M
we're so excited
they're so happy to be reunited for
another chance
okay we were sent to Walmart to get
important things diapers eggs just
didn't matter this is leg all beat up we
get a good
is that effective freshness on me if
they're not cracked I don't know but I
normally do try to get ones I don't do
that I'm not just me being picky no no I
do that all the time if I'm at a store
and the top one is all beat up I'll go
and like reach back to get it I will
never take the curse yeah because it's
been checked a million times like it's
blows we've been putting the kids down
to bed for the last how long is it how
long we been putting the kids to bed at
least an hour and a half so an hour and
a half we've been putting the kids to
bed
Isaac is still wide awake they've been
just giggling and laughing I think for
at least 30 minutes caleb had to get up
and announce to us every time someone
broke a rule so like Caleb would come
like marching out they got out of the
bed and like he's out of the bed anyway
so it makes me think they'll have times
like back in the day slumber parties
being up all night driving my parents
crazy
whatever time even when I was like 18
years old I think my mom would have to
come out go to bed you guys would be
like hiding under the kitchen table so
yeah you figured that so anyway they're
having fun we're glad that they're
having fun and I mean Isaac talked a lot
about coming to hang out with Carter he
was really excited about it so I'm glad
that they're enjoying it all right so em
has this massage bar what do you call
this thing for you guys yeah a foam
roller so I wanted to try it
I'm gonna roll on it and see what it's
like hi guys all right let's see it
when you really give it in there is it
supposed to hurt really bad I feel so
much better I'm called it a medieval
torture device of death so I love it
awesome come on over you guys can try it
I'm trying cuz I think Jeremy is a fatal
baby those are some funny noises you're
making it's not hurt she like something
is changing we might be here for a while
Matt looks like we're in some new
roommates yeah we got Snowden he's
strategically planned this we we would
have to stay for a very long time
oh yeah Wow yeah okay good drink to do
Jay house out for us but I think he
might have been more asleep than we
thought hey Jay how about just the word
poop like that's Brevard from Drake
Drake and poop are one whoa that one's
all Wiggly and your fingers up Oh Caleb
you got one did you get one you guys
saying goodbye see
here is he lease in there somewhere
where's elese there you are
