getting it ready to go
you scared me today I was knocking
inside like Jeremy it scared me so I'm
vacuuming the van getting it ready to go
when you're on a long trip the grocery
or van is the harder the trip is you
don't want to be in it so we're trying
to make it not smell like that alright
guys the sad day has come it is time for
us to pack up from Arizona and leave the
warmth and the sunshine and the family
and head back home to Kansas City so I'm
honestly kind of dreading the cold so
hopefully spring comes really soon but
we're really grateful that we've been
able to have these five weeks we've had
so much fun playing outside and we've
had lots of fun with family and we've
met so many wonderful YouTube friends
it's been an amazing at five weeks it
will be nice to get settled back into
our house at home and get back into our
regular routine today's big job is
packing up the house finding all the
little things that are somehow hiding in
every corner of this house clean out the
van and hit the road we're going to try
to get a lot of hours under our belt
this afternoon so um we're going to do
our best upload videos while we're on
our trip home but if you want to see
like more instant updates follow us on
Instagram and Twitter and Facebook and
you can see stuff there I will tell you
that we are going to see some fun people
on our way home so please stay tuned for
that so another thing that we're really
excited about with getting back to
Kansas City is seeing our family that is
there they sent us this video and our
kids had been watching it over and over
and over again hey guys what Jeremy and
Kendra coming home on Friday
that's not for mixing
during the last two days we've been
saying goodbye to all the grandparents
and cousins and it's been really sad to
say goodbye we don't know when we're
going to be back again and so anyway
goodbyes are always hard we have someone
coming to be with the kids today who is
it
may surprise you guys sorry kids had
tons of fun with poppy rod and grandma
Cindy all right good job you got it here
comes Oh get up get as many as you can
oh there it is the hugs can you say
goodbye Oh got you he got you that's you
what are you guys doing out here okay
where are you guys finding the
caterpillars Isaac there's so much Isaac
did you get any uh dangerous whoa that
one's all Wiggly and your fingers up Oh
Caleb you got one did you get one you
guys saying goodbye
see you in here is elese in there
somewhere where's Healy's there you are
Oh think of my to Papa are you
because for Papa Mon how many
instruments do you play now pretty well
it's beautiful ja say she's keeping the
boat and the bridge in the fingerboard
we're saying goodbye to my mom because
we're getting ready to leave Arizona
this is our last time to get to see her
no I don't you see you so July 4th
family oh all right Jay house out yes
let's do it here we go first time trying
