all right so it actually rained here in
Arizona today and there's this really
cool puddle Jeremy is pretty excited
about it
the kids have been loving this puddle I
kind of like the kids
we are meeting with clintus from clintus
TV and his two kids rice and sierra
tiffany clintus his wife had to work so
she's not going to be there but i'm
really excited we're going to be doing
miniature golf and looks like caleb is
super stoked about it we'll see how that
goes
Isaac and Elise are excited though what
are we gonna do guys have you guys ever
gone miniature bowling before I don't it
Andale in its dark everything blows up
whoo
did she say glows up yep
all right we got our glow-in-the-dark
wrist bracelets you guys ready let's do
it
here we go first time trying
you hit a bunker
Oh
you
Cayla get off the hole in the wrong
direction it jumped out of a loop
actually jump out of the loop like we
don't children were making us clintus is
getting risky with the filming here
there's his camera we're hoping he
doesn't hit it oh wait the angle off the
camera set you up for
all right here goes Kendra there it is
keep going go big get it into the hole
else
you spin a wheel and it tells you to hit
different ways so let's see what I get
bark like it small dog on each stroke
uh-oh how do you bark like a smile a
guideline that's a good way
Caleb's method of winning golf put your
foot in the hole yeah good job girls
it's another hole-in-one buddy wow that
was incredible hope all right well
Laura's been a trooper she's getting
kind of tired now but she had so much
fun just crawling around he's a high so
he just left the putt putt mini-golf and
we're heading to the restaurant where it
tiffany works right so we're here at the
restaurant named justice company this is
actually the restaurant not this
location citation but he was a manager
there and he met his wife your Tiffany
and she networks here for 16 years so
there's a lot of history with this place
for sure I hope my whole family at some
point
for exchange so Sierra you're destined
to to work here grace at some point some
point oh he's going to be professional
football yeah yeah you're gonna be
washing dishes are said yes to do so the
kids are having so much fun together
Neely's in the car was like I just want
to hold Sierra's hand she's my friend
guys we're so lucky we're here when
Tiffany's here how exciting is that
we got to crash in on her at work looks
so good give me the food she wants it so
Caleb is trying to sneak away from
dinner
where are you going get back here in our
booth what game are you playing
got to God oh you better catch up rice
you can't let him beat you and we're
having so much fun talking about Puente
st. if they just have so much wisdom
related to YouTube they've been doing it
forever
yeah he's the bomb is he's tired to the
point the meltdown is beginning okay not
everyone is so friendly with her so
she's picture yeah smile right away
someone into a smile she's loving it
well hey ladies given the hug all right
we just got home from hanging out with
clintus and his family and jeremy had
met clintus before but this is my first
time meeting their family and we had a
great time our kids really hit it off
well she was so cute with Elise and they
were all so patient with Caleb yeah and
I brought him Bryce we really had fun
together yeah Isaac was very sad on the
drive home he's like when do I get a
hang out with Bryce accents like what
we're going to me yeah he was pretty sad
about that
but I'm especially glad that we got to
go to the restaurant and see Tiffany at
the end like it just wouldn't have been
the same to not have been able to meet
her and I'll definitely look forward to
seeing clintus and tiffany at you know
youtube events and things like that and
hopefully when we come back here to
Arizona again yeah clintus and his
family they're genuinely good people
they make great vlogs they've been doing
a long time they're so easy to relate to
yeah and just so wonderful you know will
certainly have their channel in the
links below we'd encourage you to take a
look at their videos they have a lot of
really great stuff there so see you
later
J how's that
girl is to be awesome
