so we're at the races
so this is Kendra's uncle Jim he's the
crew chief out here
what is it you love about racing why
have you been doing this for so long
it's the challenge actually it's it's
tweaking in a car taking out to the
track and trying to pick up hundreds of
a second that's what we deal in hundreds
and thousands of a second after each run
he comes in and he'll be fixing and
tweaking stuff so it's super fun to see
him in action
so thanks for that let's go along let's
have fun
out of there is a job
whether we get to hang with her in the
RV you smell good
Nora can you hit the donkey the donkey
so you got to be KN Jim but I'm actually
in right now with the driver
Aaron Oliveira is he's been with KN Jim
how many years have you been with them
Oh 10 years he's getting ready to go out
I mean in an hour you're going to be on
the track racing and so we get a chance
to just sit down for a second puff s you
actually get going we average between
275 and 285 hour and 5 seconds
essentially there's like a huge
explosion that happens so you can go 270
miles an hour and 5 seconds exactly what
you'll see is you'll see the burnout
we warm the tires and puts heat in the
clutch fresh rubber down on the track we
back up you'll see the crew chief Jim
make last-minute adjustments and at that
point we both stage myself and the
competitor and the tree comes on and the
first one to the finish line wins
this week awesome
all right so with my cousin Kyle just
one yes he's been winning like he hasn't
lost yes let's just clarify a trick all
right and he has a lakefront property
right here um this is the lake where
they race like jet skis and other watery
things correct so drag boats that's the
word so here it is Kendra's wanting to
try to skip rocks so what did you do on
vacation you almost you didn't even make
it into the water okay so he's
explaining to us what kind of variables
they look at to determine how to race
the race and it's like a science to this
it's not just like push the pedal as
fast as you can go yeah there you
basically have to be a weatherman to do
this race I learned just from uncle Jeff
so yeah so here's the weather station
which is hooked up to our sensors
outside the trailer if you look down
here you can see has all the big
information like barometer temperature
salinity vapor pressure water grades so
as that weather changes the engines make
more or less horsepower so Kyle is a
master at reaction so because there's a
tree with lights and when it hits the
bottom light is when you go and it
matters that you do it fast enough so
growing up I remember Kyle had one of
those trees in his room and I remember
going and practicing like against him
and he
and I was like oh I couldn't do it it
has been racing since he was a little
kid I mean he was 12 years old and
winning like huge races and so I don't
know the names of them but they were
world universe international races I
wish I was it hey know nothing about
cars and you know I've rarely come out
to the races but it's so fun to see what
our family is involved in and what
they're passionate about what their life
is like out here and to learn about a
whole other culture
like going to town
she's research-driven
we're in the RV Cal's RV and he's
actually racing Ryan over there so uh
enemy right now enemy enemy Freddy
frenemy the frenemy so we'll see you
women even thin and Lisa Stephenson
Victor
all right so Kyle's up he's in the
maroon car closer to us
yeah can you see it how did you see what
he ran him exactly he ran he ran dialing
he ran his exact idea it was really fun
for me to be at the races today I just
love that night with the family and
Laura did amazing and it was just really
fun to get to talk to my cousins and see
inside of some of the fun things that
they're doing inside their passion and
to see how well they're doing at it and
all that they're putting into it was
just really fun I love going out and
supporting
I'm just grateful that they invited us
it was really really sad to me to pack
up and say goodbye I haven't seen them
in a long time and it just the visor
hard with family so hopefully we'll see
him again soon
Kendra and I had a rare thing today we
were together without all of our kids
from 9 a.m. till 6 p.m. and we did have
Laura but but we only had Laura yeah and
that was all possible because of my dad
my stepmom Sydney alright it was a fun
day the races thanks for coming along
Jay Happ
