different people can look at this dress
and see different colors what color is
it
Emily bluish and okay what do you see no
wrestling with the kids what are we
getting ready to do versus so this is my
cousin Karen hello and she is a horse
trainer over here at serenity stables in
Arizona and so she is letting us come
out and see your horses and ride today
excited Wendell is our horse for the day
this is Karen's horse this is Karen's
would I window I'm going house right
Karen does the equestrian jumping I
don't know what is so window can jump
like seven feet something like that
right I mean he leaps over poles like
this right like that'd be no but he can
leap over this building almost yeah
that's pretty exciting but with the kids
today we're just gonna keep him on the
ground
Wendell stop pouting okay you want to
stick your hand under mine you can stick
it under mine okay give me more cookies
Caleb
Oh what are you soon
did you see it Oh what is it I see that
come on
we saw the thingy that goes on it's
called a saddle Oh
things where you where you put yep your
feet on the stirrups stir us so we're
going to you guys probably run in a
western sound good so we're gonna write
in an english saddle the lease are you
brushing Wendell she wants to feed em a
cookie
Laura's like I want to
it's so cute with your helmet on do you
want to try walking the moment this was
so brave decided to jump on all by
yourself big horse put them on your head
now give yourself a hug
what do you think your app of course
Caleb decided to try it
so Kendra hasn't been riding for several
years she's gonna give it a try it's mom
she's riding lorikeet wave to mommy wave
all right so my brother was really into
Jurassic Park back in the day and so we
still have all of his toys lying around
at my mom's house so we're getting it
out today to show the kids okay I love
seeing them play together so nicely all
right you guys I'm here at my friend's
house and she showed me the dress have
you seen this so when I look at the
dress I see well I'm gonna ask the kids
and see what color they think it is what
color is it
really bluish and okay what do you see
Isaac purple and blue what do you see
apparently different people can look at
this dress and see different colors I
see the light purple and grayish but
some people see white and gold how crazy
is that
what do you see one of my really closest
friends from high school we had the
opportunity to meet with and it's
amazing how you get back together with
friends like that and it's like you've
been hanging out forever you know I mean
you just jump right in we're having deep
conversations about what's really going
on in life and I mean nothing
superficial and it is amazing with time
how really good friendships it doesn't
matter if it's been 10 years since
you've seen them and talked you just
jump right back into it I love Arizona
sunsets
