she got it's so good to snow --gel with
these little people come here you like
my little girls are snuggling I missed
you guys
oh oh I wanna kiss I wanna kiss mmm kind
of kiss buddy so good to see these
little people Hey
and Isaac was so responsible this
morning before he even came out of his
room he got his clothes on and made his
bed and then I got a snuggling Thank You
Isaac
do you want her to come knock it down
there's this one right here for you to
destroy oh here she comes a lot of times
when the kids are playing with this
Laura comes and knocks down stuff and
it's frustrating to run so I decided to
make it into a game where we're building
it for her to come and knock it down
like as though she's like Godzilla or
something for clap for
all right so we've been sitting here for
about an hour snuggling and reading
stories and in one of the stories one of
the little boy balanced a spoon on his
nose and so we of course had to try it
so here's Isaac trying oh yeah all right
but check this out Elyse had a great
solution look what she did
yeah let's see if I can get I did it a
minute ago
oh okay let go with your hands let's see
if it works
hey Caleb figured out how to do it to
you I think it looks like you need
glasses or a binky cubby what are you
doing bud Oh feelin that
yeah why are you doing that yeah we'll
do the door hmm
Caleb gets very inventive what he's
trying to accomplish some goal I'm happy
that he can't get out of the door so
yesterday while I was at the airport I
used my power cord to my laptop and I
left it at the airport so I got to get a
new power cord alright so we're going to
in-and-out burger it's been a while
since I've been here so one of the
things I love about in-and-out burger is
their menu there's four things on the
menu that's so cool
so although their menu is really small
they have like a secret menu where you
can ask for it to get like animal style
and then they
grill the onions and they have a bunch
of different stuff like I do one that's
a protein so you get it wrapped in
lettuce and serve with regular bun all
right yummy Jeremy's not a diabetic man
I have done really well while I was in
Kansas City I ate very little and I lost
a lot of weight time to gain that all
back but I also got hats that's one of
the cool parts about internet burgers
you can get heads so we came to get the
new glasses what color did you choose
purple you like
yes this isn't bad he can run right
there's that smile
we're gonna try to find mom and sneak up
on them okay be super quiet let's see if
we can find her you got to be real
sneaky here let's look and see why is it
go pick and see she's down there okay
let's go to the next one Oh
Oh
huh so we've checked every aisle I'm
thinking she left she was like I'm out
of here
she saw us first
totally blew our plan of surprising her
get her hi
all right well we survived the trip to
Walmart barely know J house out fine iq
got energy oh good yeah look at that
camera
I smell a camera it's really he thinks
the wild flowers smell like pepperoni of
course I wouldn't they smell like
pepperoni
