at the very end of the day my daddy's
gonna come back in yes I will be there
we're hiking it's called the dynamite
trail it's supposed to be an easy
beginner trail and since the kids have
never been out hiking before we thought
that was a good place to start
I'm really glad my dad is with me stay
on the trail kiddos oh man down what's
going on dude you're tired just give me
a little long so Elise just told me that
we can see all over the world yeah I
think I can see Missouri I can see your
hair let's keep going Wow we're so hot
all right you're getting tired guys me
feel like I'm finding a redwood forest
do you feel like you're climbing a tree
in the redwood forest how about you AC
how are you feeling I still got to
energy oh good
yeah Melik camera camera
he thinks the wild flowers smell like
pepperoni of course I wouldn't they
smell like pepperoni what kind of poop
is this is the question for si think we
got some horse food this is pretty cool
though try it it's really fun and
special to have my dad here hiking with
us he loves hiking and it's fun to have
him sharing that love with the kids just
like he shared it with me when I was
growing up so just so grateful to be
around our grandparents right now and
relearning from them all hey I want you
guys to listen what are you here you
hear a bird what kind of birds do you
think those might be ready
the boys are pretending to be in
motocross I think they've been
influenced a little bit by Papa and his
love for motorcycles it's rubbing off
you can't hear them but they're going
green mm-hmm Isak too far the boys are
running ahead any Lisa and I are having
a great time chatting and we've stopped
and looked at some purple wildflowers
and some yellow wildflowers and we're
talking about the plants and the animals
that we're seeing and I just I'm just
grateful for this time with my big girl
I'm so proud of her
she's a hiker alright we did it it was a
big hit I am definitely looking forward
to hiking with the kids again alright
we've been having fun studying Arizona
he's finishing up his map I'm loving how
he's putting the other bordering states
around it hey Laura you play that with
real mom all right
lady dumped it in there okay how much a
reasonable sounds at time this is a
whole cup of salt we start cooking and
getting a little bit hot all right so we
particularly made green play-doh today
because we're gonna have the kids make
their own cactus we're teaching them to
identify some of the different types of
cactus kind did you make you made a
prickly pear cactus let's see it I cut
it off edges go it on fun lacy how's
yours coming good I like it
alright guys here's mine I made uh
solaro cactus a barrel cactus and here's
my attempt at a prickly pear cactus
awesome hey mom cactus oh alright look
where I found my little friend what did
you do over there did you play with the
toilet paper
oh are you feeling tired yeah
all right it's time Jeremy is coming
home tonight I am sitting here waiting
in the cell phone lock because I made
really good time getting here and
apparently this flight is still enroute
come back to Sky Harbor always feels
like coming home so Kendra came and
picked me up and we thought we were
vlogging and I think I was so excited I
forgot to press record sorry guys it
happens so our kids are being watched
right now Easter looks like go on a date
ok so we're here at Zoo pose so I got
this pair Nita's pork sandwich honey
Montreux burritos
honey cilantro carnitas sandwich and I
got the lobster bet anyone know what I'm
referencing there he's a big fan I got
the strawberry chicken harvest salad and
a combination of a tomato soup and I was
on some cauliflower see the kid always
loves the bread that they give us and
they top it off with this
chocolate-covered strawberries
it was just awesome then what happened
is my cousin grew up and is also a race
car driver he drives stock cars we're
going to get to watch him race this
weekend and my uncle is now a crew chief
and so we get to see all the amazing
stuff fajitas to get the car up and
running and ready to go and we'll get to
meet the driver and see the cars and
just be right there it's just a really
exciting atmosphere
