Oh
oh my goodness
so I just woke up to the best sister
surprise ever
so apparently Tiffany kidnapped my kids
and took them out to have y'all seeds of
fun and she brought me a salad and a
brownie that's like worth bonus points
right there and I've been asleep for at
least like four hours I think my toe is
way more than I slept last night
so I just I'm so happy my mom took the
kids this morning and then she came in
take took them so it was just a really
big surprise I thought I was gonna get
like a one or two hour nap and I woke up
like all day later
holy smokes but the kids had a great
times the big always come up in the
queue
okay where we are uh the cookie store we
are gonna get some cookies huh are you
cited yeah are you gonna get a good
yummy cookie and they have frosting on
and they are frosting on top awesome
let's go ahead and choose I'm not
hanging out with them I was seriously
like no but we could make this into a
more permanent arrangement that's what I
do before since Jeremy's been gone laura
has not been sleeping very well she's
been getting her two top teeth and so
she's anyway been extra fussy and not
sleeping well at night and caleb has
actually been having a really hard time
sleeping a hard time going to bed and
that a hard time staying asleep and
between the two of them I've gotten
about three hours of sleep each night
since Jeremy's been gone and you know
you just kind of deal with it as a mom
because it comes with the territory and
so anyway I decided to ask for help so I
asked my parents to watch the kids in
the morning for two hours so I could
take a nap and they said yes and we're
super helpful my dad took the big kids
to the park and my mom took care of
Laura and then they fed them lunch and
then I can't believe that my sister came
in kidnapped them like I had no idea I
was just sleeping and so I woke up two
kids who had been loved and cared for
for four hours I woke up from a nap that
was longer than my night's sleep has
been for almost a whole week and my
sister also brought me food like food
that's near and dear to my heart she
brought me this amazing salad
and a cream cheese brownie and I just
can't tell you I'm near tears like it's
so I'm not used to having this kind of
pampering and this kind of love and it
just really feels like a tender mercy in
my life today to just kind of help me
through the day and I know like it's not
that big of a deal that my husband's
gone for a week but other stuff is going
on in my life that can be hard and
challenging and I just it's really
amazing to feel so loved and taken care
of and I'm just really grateful to be
near family
okay you guys you'll never guess where
I'm at and I barely made it they just
closed the door there's a couple people
still in line but we've been asked since
we started several months ago for our
family to get a peel box and so I'm
doing that right now they're bringing me
the key and we'll put it in the links
below so you can know where our peel
boxes vlogging in public is such a
unique thing you know everyone in line
there was just like what is he doing and
after we were done I had to explain to
her like we have this channel and I'm
vlogging but it's just so funny to to do
this in public anyway I'm looking for
our peel box okay I found it 2 8 8 9 3
here it is our p.o box so we're excited
to have that we are still hanging out at
my parents today and we're actually
showing the kids some of my home videos
so I wanted to give you guys a little
peek at them as well there I am I was 5
years old at this point and we're flying
across the country to go visit my
grandparents
Oh guys this is my grandma I miss her
oh wow her hair hey that that's hot mom
is that Papa's mom's Papa's mama is a
hugger fest a hug fest so this is an old
family video of a family reunion time we
were having a hug fest and I'm about 5
years old in this video it's so fun to
see it all right so we are headed for a
family picnic at the park tonight I
think we're having some pizza my aunt
and uncle are gonna be here they're in
town and I'm excited it's gonna be some
good times the weather's nice it's a
little chillier than normal so poor
Kayla had a crash at my parents house
right before we left he was riding this
like little scooter car inside on their
tile and he wiped out and look at his
little goose egg
juicy give an ally on your head I really
I'm sorry so I cuddled him and he calmed
right down but it's really going to be a
big goose egg oh poor kid oh she is just
loving these dogs so my and my cousins
have their dogs here in the kids are
just a moment oh really did two races
last I think you want to get down and
talk to bruiser you are going fast I
lazy I'm catching the dog you're
touching the ground you're going so fast
all right I'm really excited we were
going to the races this Saturday so I
grew up with my uncle being a race car
driver and there were a few times in my
life when we got to go out to the races
and be there and be supporting him and
kind of see you know behind the lines
what's going on
it was just awesome then what happened
is my cousin grew up and is also a race
car driver he drives stock cars we're
going to get to watch him race this
weekend and my uncle is now a crew chief
and so we get to see all the amazing
stuff fajitas to get the car up and
running and ready to go and we'll get to
meet the driver and see the cars and
just be right there it's just a really
exciting atmosphere for me because I got
to grow up going to the races every so
often it's also really nostalgic for me
like great family memories of just being
there and supporting everybody so I'm
excited that we get to bring the vlog so
anyway up until then we've got a bunch
of fun stuff going on the rest of this
week - we just have to pack in the fun
before we have to leave this family and
the warm weather so there's lots of fun
coming not to mention the 24 hour
countdown until Jeremy gets home so hey
Jay how's that good night and what you
guys want to say he thinks that the
quacking sound is a Tooting sound
