he thinks that the quacking sound is a
Tooting sound
all right so it's been kind of a rough
morning it took us forever to get out of
the house and as we were driving away
look when I saw you see that rainbow
it's just beautiful and I'm so grateful
I really needed that rainbow today I
needed that reminder to look for the
beauty in life because it's always there
and sometimes it's hard to remember to
look for that so I'm grateful for the
rainbow all right I'm here at a
courthouse in Jackson County Missouri
it's in downtown Kansas City and I
represent a defendant in a property
construction case so I'm going to go to
the hearing and then I'm going to be
heading into the office after that
Phoenix is actually having some weather
today it's overcast and kind of
drizzling off and on and so we decided
to go to the library I'm really excited
my parents are coming with us
and we're going to check out some fun
books library return places are so much
cooler than they were when I was a kid
check this out so this is a nice big
library and look at this it's got this
mammoth dollhouse in it
why do you think it's amazing tens of
books there are tons of books
apparently there's also an observatory
in a park over here
what were you chasing the rabbits the
rabbits to see the bunnies
I think they were so cute Elise was
running after the rabbits goodbye
rabbits I love you every time I turn off
this camera they're saying like the
cutest things ever it's so hard I can
never quite capture the cute moments
Lois oh you're right there's some of
them that are fat on the heads I see
what you're talking about
hi maybe they're here maybe it's their
hair
they're naming all the Ducks yeah that
would keep them busy those all those
duck splashier quack face these names
are genius it's amazing how time in
nature just makes everything in life
feel more clear and peaceful I love
getting out and taking a deep breath and
walking and enjoying it all Oh what do
you think yeah I do think we got you
buckled in
she likes the Ducks duck by 5
I love my mom's got a little grip on
Kayla you see how they use their feet
push I haven't seen any do you see any
alligators
I don't but why the horror movie why is
the water moving papa
sorry the wind a little bit of wind
makes a little bit of ripple he thinks
that the quacking sound is a Tooting
sound it's no it's just a quack quack
okay you come with me sir so I just made
a huge mistake I have no idea which
floor I'm parked on and so I made the
parking garage elevator there's 10
floors and I can't remember which one it
was
we'll see how long it takes me to find
my car so my game plan is to go down
each floor and peek outside to see if I
can see it let's see from the eighth
floor
I don't think it's that one oh my gosh I
remember where I was parked I just I've
never done that
that's not true there's a video of me
losing ourselves in a parking lot I
don't know where the car is exactly I
think there are two levels so far
Jeremy parked in the parking garage this
he knows but he does not know which
level or where I think this is it this
is it this is definitely it which that's
luck so I have done this before
dang it when I see if I can run out and
run back
I think this is it
okay I see my car vii for good times
Isaac what did you find that's like the
most amazing climbing tree did you find
a waterfall I don't see any crocodiles
do you what do you think of this tree
dude so a big person to climb in Maumee
survival mode means dinner at
chick-fil-a tonight and happy kids
sure thank you thanks for getting the
door is it can you get that one too
please thank you
thanks guys this chick-fil-a play place
is awesome where are you guys hi Isaac
it's amazing the kids are starting to
eat so much I mean like a lot more than
they used to it's crazy and to go back
for a second but look at those two lovin
on each other alright so after
chick-fil-a I took the kids to Cafe Rio
to get my own businesses honestly my
favorite time of day lately because this
is when I Skyped with Jeremy this is
when the kids are hypothetically in bed
and it's also when I look at all the
comments from the video for the day and
respond to them so that's really fun for
me so thanks for those comments Jay has
out we'll see you tomorrow all right
so I'm grateful for this reminder of how
much I love my kids and my family really
is my my top priority and how I need to
not be as grumpy about the parts of
having a big family that are difficult
