so mr. Caleb very generously offered to
feed Laura for me this morning she has
great teeth to eat it is a pretty big
spin hi guys welcome to our one take ish
Sunday it's kind of different today
because Jeremy's in Kansas City and I'm
here in Arizona so just a little
background for those of you guys that
don't know what's going on we live in
Kansas City but we came out to here to
the Phoenix area to stay for five weeks
we have two weeks left of our trip we
are loving the warm weather we're
staying in a rental house we made a
video of a house tour of the rental
house so you can check that out I'll try
to have Jeremy put that in the links
below thank you to all of our new
subscribers we were absolutely shocked
and just completely surprised when we
heard this Anika shared our vlog so
people have told me that sanika is
giving us a shout out I wanted to shout
out a channel and I have it before okay
so someone I've never even met and
someone I've never mentioned in the vlog
that's our trailer is showing this on
Sam a couple logs serving another a lot
of people nominated you guys and you
guys have been very supportive of us so
I wanted to say thank you and hopefully
everyone can go check you guys out oh my
god well thank you say my god yeah I'm
still kind of speechless about it thank
you guys so much for coming over and
meeting our family we're just really
excited to get to know all of you and
thank you for the comments and we just
honestly just a really fill in the love
so thank you so today was a good day we
spent a bunch of time with my family and
I got to take the for little kids to
church with me and I just one thing that
really stood out to me today was just
trying to remember to look at others the
way that Christ looks at them and I
think that was a good reminder to me
especially the people closest to me in
my life sometimes I have a lot of like
Grace and understanding for others but
like the people in my own immediate
family like maybe my kids are my husband
kind of irritate me or rub me the wrong
way and I just it was a good reminder to
be gentle with them and to look for the
good in them because there is so so much
good
well church today was pretty lonely
without the kids and Kendra there and
the home is quiet I can't help but think
back to when I was 12 years old there
are six kids of my family and my parents
got divorced and before the divorce my
dad was there every day with us he was
my little league coach he would help us
out with speeches for student council
elections or whatever you know was going
on he was there and then after the
divorce we moved several hours away from
him and he moved into some apartment
building and it was alone and I know
that that was a difficult lonely time
for him the truth is is sometimes with
four kids I get kind of grumpy grumpy
with like the the chores the changing of
the diapers the constant messes the
Tantrums but being away from them is a
good reminder to me of how important
they are to me I've caught myself a
couple times going back and watching
some of the vlogs from a month ago or
two months ago and 30 minutes will go by
and I have just been watching and
missing them and remembering the the
time that we have right now and how
special that is and how it's something I
want to fight for and and cherish so I'm
grateful for this reminder of how much I
love my kids and my family really is my
my top priority and how I need to not be
as grumpy about the parts
of having a big family that are
difficult it's so exciting to have a lot
of new people coming and meeting our
family for the first time and you know
we hope that you'll leave comments so
that we can get to know you better and
thanks for coming
Jay house out this is the coolest
climbing structure or are you on the
slide yes you are
