all right we are checking out another
new park today the weather is gorgeous
I think the highs in the 80s today and
yeah this park is kind of fun it's
called the orange monster like that's
such a cool name for a park okay so
here's the orange monster this is the
coolest climbing structure Louise is
happy she found the swings where are you
on the slide yes you are
oh you're just gonna cover your body in
that huh I'm making an interest you're
making an instrument
show me your instrument bud cool you're
making a snow angel are you missing the
snow all right so this is my roommate
Diane well okay let me try that again
we're not actually roommates now hey
laughs did she make jam so this is my
college roommate Diane and we haven't
seen each other in eons I was trying to
remember like 910 years probably like
2002 you know what that was a long time
ago go all right so it's been a long
time but it's been really fun to connect
and like let our kids play together and
go fun fun to get to see your while were
in the area so thanks for getting
together with me are you loving playing
football Isaac whoo caleb is getting
himself a drink got his shirt wet took
off his shirt and now he's created
puddles on the ground that he's jumping
in I love him Caleb what are you doing I
have to
me right oh cool you're trying to get a
drink like that
it's definitely warm enough out it makes
me want to go get wet somewhere okay so
I'm here in Kansas City and we have a
mediation going on today and sorry I'm
filming with my old iPhone and so it
probably looks terrible I'm going to be
getting it upgraded soon but uh I'm here
in downtown Kansas City I don't know if
you can see this but mediation is fun
this is normally where we've had a case
going for a year or two and we get
together with a mediator we go back and
forth we negotiate and typically we
resolve the case so hopefully we get the
case resolved today I think we will but
I missing my family guys what did we
find so at this point they were wet
enough that we decided to explore and
look around the corner there was a
splash pad
where you
what do you think about that support
jeremy has been skyping and talking
about how cold it is in Missouri and
Here I am at the splash pad around palm
trees with the kids today sorry Jeremy
Isaac are you racing the water
gotcha all right I am going to be
totally honest I am exhausted and I am
not winning any mother of the Year
awards for patience today I'm trying but
Laura didn't sleep well last night and I
know it's pathetic Jamie's only been
gone for two days but oh there's new
curtains in our house I think some of it
is were not at our regular house and our
routines are still kind of out of whack
a little bit and so yeah I'm really
hoping that Laura sleeps better tonight
and I'm looking forward to some time to
visit with Jeremy you guys wanna say hi
to him with me let's give it a try hi
how are you me or the camera I was
second to you oh you okay
I'm tired look I have cake I do kind of
feel like I'm in The Jetsons when i dial
him and then all of a sudden he's just
there it's kind of crazy
like what various things I was sitting
on the couch just now with the fire on
with the blanket just cold missing you
guys oh I used to come home and you guys
aren't here to that's a sad thing
besides cold how is it to be home it's
really great to get a bunch of work done
it's different to not have the normal
time frames of like train to come up for
lunch and coming up for dinner it's kind
of nice for work to just like blow
through all of those barriers and just
keep focused on something so that's been
really good yeah but I miss you guys
when I come home and you're not here
it's 8:40
and I'm gonna go to bed I'm gonna sleep
and I'm not gonna get woken up by Caleb
or Laura or you I'm just gonna believe
it's gonna be crazy
now he's just being mean rubbing it in
my face I have this little thing called
a vlog to edit tonight being here during
this time when I'm working the hardest
actually feels more like a vacation it's
like having four kids is the hardest job
that I have it's way harder than being
an attorney it's just interesting so
maybe that's a shout out for any moms
out there I mean being a mom is way
harder than being an attorney well
thanks that's very validating to me um
all right well I think we're gonna sign
off I'm going to not go to bed but I
think Jamie is going to go to bed so
come on give him Jake house out good
night everyone Jay house out hey do you
think Obama care is a good idea or a bad
idea
Wow why why is it a bad idea because
because if you chop chop be really hot
