all right we're here at the airport and
we're saying goodbye to Jeremy and it's
so sad
got to go work
I have all kinds of depositions and
hearings and mediations that I got to
get to I'm going to miss the family and
I may not see much of you guys I might
send some footage but I'm going to be
pretty busy
nobody let me kiss mm I love you
you guys be nice to mommy okay
love you good girl
say bye dad dad she actually said bye
dad dad just a second ago it was so cute
all right it's been quite a drive to the
airport I'm back this morning so I got
us a little treat to enjoy we are having
some I'm Stein bagels for breakfast
that's actually one of my favorite
things I love Einstein bagels so we're
going to go enjoy our breakfast and it's
really exciting because we get to spend
the day with Grandma and papa
today so we're really lucky if we can't
be by dad this is the next best thing we
are having a fun discussion about what
we want to be when we grow up Kayla what
do you want to be when you grow up
I want a motorcycle you want to have
motorcycles and what else do you want to
do alright Lacey what do you want to be
I wouldn't be cooker and the food system
ooh very fun is it what are you gonna do
um I'm a now I may either be a lawyer or
a or a professional sports player for my
work and my and I might have to lobby on
and then be billed for my family and I'm
going to ride motorcycles hmm Awesome's
alright the kids are having a great time
climbing this tree you are so high up
there
oh no tall you are
I mean you're way above me my feet are
about where you're headed you're right
these trees are the perfect size for
these kids to climb they're loving it so
they finished up their first part of
school this morning and they're taking a
tree climbing break and today is the
first day that Elyse has climbed trees
and she is doing awesome at it
what yes she did
oh my goodness you're way up here how's
it feel I can see
yeah all right Caleb what are we making
a smoothie so my mom has a Blendtec and
she's letting me borrow it and try
making a smoothie and see what Laura
thinks of it don't touch it
don't touch it
don't touch it
so this is kind of my normal go to that
I always use I just use some yogurt
spinach frozen fruit and then just some
water but if you make smoothies like
this I would love to hear what you use
because I'd love to try something
different
hi Hey hi hi Laura
oh are you playing with those yes
so we found out about a fun opportunity
this afternoon there's a bounce house in
the area that is letting people come in
and bounce if you bring in canned goods
to donate and so we're at the grocery
store real quick picking up some canned
goods to donate and then we're going to
head there with our cousins and bounce a
ton it's going to be fun what do you
think we should get treats or bananas
yeah all right
check out Caleb's newest skill show um
buddy
and he's in
you
okay the big slide isn't it we're doing
it again and again and again and I'll be
honest I was a little scared it's pretty
you
so I'd be dying here right now if I was
a good Tiffany like it's not easy to
have four lives in fear she's totally
safe
we are home from the grocery store that
was exhausting with all four kids but we
are eating dinner we're having some
rotisserie chicken and rolls and potato
salad and a left yes oh we're skyping
with Jeremy Jeremy say hello Hey
I am in Kansas City it is so cold here
anything else
is it snowing there dad I had to shovel
the driveway from the snow right when I
got here and it is very cold anyways so
we are happy look at this setup the kids
are having dinner with their dad I love
it so anyway he's gonna tell them a
bedtime story and then they are gonna
head to bed you guys want to say Jay
house out yeah Jeremy your turn Jake
house oh okay it's a city good night
guys I get my cow to push me so it might
be a little bit dangerous we'll try to
avoid trees and garbage cans and things
like
