you like being backstage
so mariah is Cinderella step ball change
ball change March spot cool okay are you
watching window Cinderella coming never
be why should anything like Princeton
getting a ball this is my high school
auditorium it's fun to come back I have
a lot of memories here I did a lot of
shows up on that stage and some of the
first videos that I edited for the high
school are actually were shown here too
so it's fun to see my family still
involved here and to come back and have
all the memories
that just looks like fun trying to
forget if I could get Caleb on one of
those she can't wait to get on the stage
so I was involved in tons of stuff in
high school I did student council speech
and debate choir but the thing I spent
the most time doing was football I I put
a lot of time into it so it's fun to
come back and be on the field hey so we
just got back from the football field
and Elise is still here we we watched
over an hour of the play practice and
Elise wants to stay the whole time so
Julie's just going to give her a ride
home and dropping off the cars but I
would love to know what kind of
activities are you involved in you know
maybe back when you're in high school or
if you're in high school now do you do
plays are you in sports student council
let me know I'd love to hear and learn
more about YouTube at first at least was
way too shy to get up there but it looks
like she's warming up to the stage so
we're in one of Keith's barns and I have
a lot of memories in here it didn't look
like this a long time ago but I mean
with Keith's barns you never know what
you're going to find inside like there's
times I walked in and there's just like
a dead carcass of a cow hanging from the
rafters but there was a time so you know
again I grew up in the city but my mom
married this Rancher and during my like
sophomore in junior year of high school
I did 4-h and we raised pigs in here so
we would come out every morning and feed
the pigs and water them it was pretty
cool actually made over a thousand
dollars on one of my pigs that I just
put into savings and then my first date
ever
when I took a girl out on a date was
here in this barn
there was hay stacked up everywhere and
we arranged the hay into like a living
room and we watched I've set up a TV out
here and we watched the most recent
James Bond movie and went out to eat and
it was it was pretty fun so I have good
memories out here so Jeremy has
given me an amazing gift today and
giving me a day that's kind of off I got
to sleep in this morning and then I got
to have time by myself to just kind of
get ready for the day and now I'm headed
out actually I'm going to go get myself
a salad at a restaurant and then I'm
going to go and take some time to
journal and spend some time in my
scriptures and just really take some
time to recenter and re focus myself
Jeremy's gonna be out of town for this
next week he's leaving for a week to go
back to Missouri and work and so I'm
going to be solo mommying so I'm really
grateful for this time by myself
I'm right the Walker practice it's so
fun into the wild since I've done this
and what you think they love you ride it
was it fun
