did you guys ever play this growing up
it's a game called Deadman sober I is it
she's in the middle with her eyes closed
she has to try to grab someone and say
their name with her eyes closed she's
gonna get you alright so they're out
there playing I want to introduce you
guys to my sister she's my oldest sister
her name's Julie like I said julia is my
oldest sibling and you're five years
older than Emily I think so howdy I'm 37
37 yes she's 30 was all this been rude
but Julie was always like I don't know I
really looked up to her she was into
dance and like theater and my dad and my
brothers were a lot into sports and so
Julie impacted me a lot because I
followed in her footsteps in that realm
we got to do dance together and we were
in plays together and so yeah I always
really loved that it was it was awesome
is a good time yeah I said we had some
time together that others didn't
necessarily yeah moscone yeah yeah
so I wanted to show you guys one other
thing I know that Sam and Nia have their
lip sync videos of Disney we were
watching some of their home videos and
realized that back in 1995 we were doing
some Disney lip-syncing too so I enjoy
so this is me and my brother Brent is
Jasmine / the flying carpet
I was intentionally going for a
flamboyant Aladdin
Oh
you
Oh
farm I don't know we had a bit too much
time on our hands I don't know that was
what we did for fun like me and my
brothers and our family we made like
hundreds of home videos kind of like
that we have a bunch of lip-sync songs
and things like that and so those are
some of the funnest memories okay I
wanted to show you though real quick so
Keith my stepdad built this house let me
turn the light on in here out of mud so
we call it the mud house but look at
this like each of these bricks are mud
bricks and and so I mean it's just dirt
in here and then of course you have the
like log cabin look and yeah I um so for
me I moved here like my freshman year of
high school and lived here all through
high school so this was a house I lived
in longer than any other house and have
a lot of memories here I mean I remember
doing parts of dates in here and
different things and so Julie I wanted
to say one more thing I don't know if
this is too personal throwing her on the
spot you had mentioned something about
Dave Ramsey like you guys were doing
something today could you yeah I didn't
even know fully what it is what do you
guys doing
yeah well it's exciting today we
actually get pay off one of our credit
cards and yeah we we've included the
whole family and of course that might be
a controversial issue but we decided to
include our kids and do all of the
budgeting with them and so they get to
celebrate with us we're going to work
all together to sit down and pay off a
credit card
that's exciting yeah it's job so we're
believers we like the plan it's a little
very functional and life changing so
we're happy
Julie's a super hard worker she owns a
dance studio right now and she's working
so hard at it and made such a big impact
in the community by teaching people to
dance
hopefully tomorrow or sometime soon
we're go to a dance party because it's
just fun we love every time we're
together like getting elese in with
Julie in the dance studio
like one of the cutest things ever so
we'll see if we can make that happen
yeah there's just not enough Kendra in
today's one yet I mean what neigh and we
went to church this morning and I was
just really inspired today by the lesson
Jeremy's mom actually taught one of the
lessons and it was just about happiness
in hard times and I know that there's a
lot of good in our lives but there's
also really hard things and I think
there's really hard things going on in
everyone's lives and it was just all
about like having faith in God and being
patient and choosing joy during those
hard moments I'm so did this good it was
really inspiring love to have her tell
you about it later she's actually not
here today because Jeremy's mom at
Jamie's grandmother who you met last
time we were here was is in the hospital
yeah I guess she had like a stroke and
that's just so scary I mean it was I
remember we got home from church my mom
was like grandmother's has the ambulance
picking her up and I'm gonna go to the
hospital and they're doing testing and
so they're still trying to figure out
everything that happened but she was so
it's been just a different day you know
it's nice because we are together as a
family and so we can all just be
chipping in and doing things and just
we're just praying for grandmother and
we're glad that mom can be with her but
hmm anyway family is what it's all about
guys so that's why we did a one-take
today so we can have some extra time to
spend together so thanks for
understanding about that yeah so Jay
house out we will see you tomorrow
chocolate to the garage like a Olympics
prize coming up
