Ava didn't admit a vanity so it's a my
last day of my law conference I need to
head out there but how would anyone want
to leave this little bundle of joy so we
were looking at pictures yesterday at
Kendra as a baby and comparing them and
they look identical it's crazy
so I'm here at the beautiful ASU campus
I'm going to be heading into the Locke
conference in just a second
clearly on the dancing chair that's okay
because after listening to Lee abuse and
also was spoken before me we need some
comic relief
so Jeremy is at his law conference this
morning so I have the whole crew with me
here to pick out glasses for Alise we'll
see how that goes hopefully it goes
pretty well all right Lee see what do
you think you want for glasses or the
purple you want a purple thing mm-hmm
all right let's go try them on what do
you think yeah hey Liv what do you think
oh look at mommy
those look nice can you see in the
mirror I like that one you kind of like
that one here this look at me
I just we're going good look in the
mirror
hey Ellis can you come
it's backwards Caleb
nice right getting all set up with your
glasses
okay so we're walking through Walmart
and the kids are talking about what they
want for Valentine's Day here's their
list Caleb wants diapers Elyse wants a
water bottle and Isaac wants a
motorcycle so happy Valentine's Day a
lot conference was really profound it
was so fun to run into the Dean and some
of my old law professors and law
students practicing law is obviously a
big part of my life so we're on the
drive back up to Jeremy's mom's house
and we're loving the scenery and we've
had a gorgeous sunset on the kids I've
only asked 700 times it will be a door
there
are we there yet
we have our romantic Valentine's dinner
going on over here oh yeah
we're at Wendy's I love my favorite song
we're raising them up good um this is
just a pit stop for us on the way up to
Jeremy's mom's house but um I was
craving a baked potato and so I was
really excited we came and I got there
last one yeah and I learned something
really important I normally always get
the dollar fries because they're cheap
but we always get more than one and I
was like wait our two dollar fries more
french fries or a large fry
so it turns out it's cheaper to get a
large fry and there's way more french
fries it's a little tip for you life
changer though it's so we just arrived
at my mom's house and my sister and her
family are here right now and so it's
going to be fun to say hello to everyone
hey they're like what do we do we got
the kids all settled in bed at granny
Joe's house and we decided to head out
on a romantic Valentine
romantic at the only restaurant open in
this small little town that my mom lives
because it's 10:30 at night and so we
are in the McDonald's drive-through
right now guys we are living it up
I got a diptych on I'm super excited I'm
getting the McFlurry
they should at least bring us bread and
butter well we're waiting you know we're
like chips and salsa we're at McDonald's
it's not that close you have an
establishment that's Valentine's Day
it's dripping dripping goodness that's I
had literally never had a dip cone in my
life before I married this man it's more
of a texture thing it's really cool now
we buy hard shell sometimes at home for
like a sweet sauce ice cream here comes
my McFlurry
you can't eat it too quick though
because it's not hardened yet you have
to wait for it you have to wait it's
painful because wait for it wait for it
still not ready it's like cooking yeah I
gotta wait for it they got me an Oreo
McFlurry instead of an M&M McFlurry
should I just eat it no we can it's
valentine's this is special we're gonna
get you your Emmet I'm gonna fight for
you I tried I knocked on the window but
somebody behind us once like 15 cones
okay so this is a hard part it's
starting to melt so I got to go for it
haha drip edge drip edge danger pitch
what my room you're dripping all over my
van
so this is why I'm not a fan of cones
they're just too messy for me I know
that and I don't like the taste of the
cone so I don't mind waffle cones but
these kind of cones I'm not really like
no visor now you're trying to write room
cuz I thought bad that you didn't have
your examine it's so drooping I'm all
about romance art thank you there we
have it folks
mm McFlurry and with that Wow the person
behind us actually turned off their car
we've been gone at the McDonald's
drive-through for like 20 minutes which
is nice this way we get a nice relaxed
date night chocolate to the garage like
a Olympics prize coming up
all right we are going to enjoy our
ice-cream wall Jeremy's going to inhale
his ice cream and I'm going to enjoy
mine so Jay how's out
to
