kid hey Laura miss Laura you are so
stinking kid I just semi it's almost
morning hi back early summer not awake
yet they didn't wake up because the Suns
are not up yet shoo fly don't bother me
Tara fly right there little bit all
right so I'm making scrambled eggs and
Kayla really wants to help o case mix
them up try to keep it all in the bowl
though okay your help in scrambling him
up yeah sure okay let's take turns
Cayley sees turn cub let lessee of
attorney she just barely started little
man
good morning as you remember I'm not a
morning person but I got conned by these
two rapt I used trapped there right no
choice anyway I'm going on a hike with
them which I actually love the idea of a
hike
I just really heard it waking up and at
you and with no kids and so this early
morning my kids
7:37 to be clear it was I had to get out
of bed before 7:00 all right that's
where we're headed we're going to go to
the mountain and then we're going to
climb up the mountain that's the plan
here we are guys this is Arizona the
desert has pretty spots
but Oh cute
as we were headed
all right check out those rock
formations over there and here's the
view whereas breathing hard but chatting
all things mommy and motherhood and wife
look it's an Arizona waterfall it's
running water though lost joking
we got slightly off track but only for a
second there's always that moment when
you're hiking or like um am i aware I'm
supposed to be but we are where we're
supposed to be in this gorgeous each new
layer we're like look at this look at
this this is way better than us yeah for
sure
this rocks all right we made it
this is the top whoo look at that oh my
smokes
so we sat here on this crest and like a
little snack but it was really funny we
should have had the camera on but I had
such a hard time like an embarrassingly
hard time getting up here see that rock
I had to climb from that rock over to
here hold it she had to go through this
I was like completely to talk to them I
mean I like couldn't bend and I was like
all scared and it was like you've done
this hike and there's like this little
gap different experience walking down
the mountain it's hard on the rocks but
it's gorgeous
just drop the camera it still turns on
but there's a piece of the glass part on
the back screen that's broken sorry she
did it I did it I survived by early
morning and now we're gonna bag Kendra
just got back from her hike and I wanted
to show her what happened while she was
gone
Kendra oh your oh my gosh okay you guys
you gotta meet clintus hello this is
clintus i just love talking shop I'll
talk about YouTube all the time oh yeah
daily vlogger here in Phoenix Arizona I
got two kids
