good morning we are out in the sunshine
this morning we're trying out a really
cool part it has trained everywhere and
big playgrounds and these little boys
are in heaven Caleb are you doing the
monkey bars
yeah who's helping you
sometimes you just have to follow them
and there's nowhere out but through you
know those moments as a mom when you
find yourself up at the top of the
playground Caleb do you guys want go
ride the train you want to ride the
train yeah yeah Parker's off I am
getting ready to go to lunch with
clintus from clintus TV if you watched
his vlogs he was at playlist live just
this last weekend and he was moderating
panels with all the family vloggers and
he's been doing youtube for eight years
so he just he knows a ton about this I
mean I get to sit down with him and talk
and you know when I really get into a
hobby or I'm getting really passion
about something I love to connect with
people who have a lot of experience who
have done it a long time and and get
advice and just so grateful that he's
taking the time to be with me hi Laura
is grandma holding you yes you guys look
at that little head nod
she's like I'm happy you're excited do
you think we're gonna go fast or slow
Betty it's so fun
by a train I think dude how about super
going
that was amazing okay you guys you gotta
meet clintus hello this is clintus i
just love talking shop I'll talk about
YouTube all the time
yeah daily vlogger here in Phoenix
Arizona I got two kids ten and seven we
ride dirt bikes to go camping the water
parks being in Phoenix the weather is
awesome most of the time so we just try
to get out of the house more than inside
the house and we share it with the world
are you little bit nervous it's okay
Lucky's gonna be right next to you
and Martha somewhere than what I usually
do is I put my kid on it and stand next
to him I don't actually ride
the Aunt Martha's right there if you
want to hold her hands all right I'm
gonna leave are you guys okay
it was so fun
what do you think so there's a Best Buy
right into the parking lot where we're
at when sis is picking up one of the new
vlogger cameras he was at playlists and
he said to everyone had this new amazing
camera so did you already order it oh
nice right there and I'm like okay so I
looked up online and then the stores in
the West Side had effect was only two
stores in Arizona that do have is this
one and went to be that one Tempe sure
and what I realize this park also has a
historical train museum and a historical
train that you can go into so we're
gonna check that out who invented the
Telegraph there we go
Isaac's trying out Morse code okay Isaac
can you do your name e/b did you spell
your name yeah good job nice did you
entre yes okay let's get on the train
who is it kind of narrow oh wait look
look there's a little kitchen spot you
see that toilet right there buddy yeah
there's the toilet
he loves President Lee so this car was
used by four different presidents and
apparently President Roosevelt sat in
this spot looks just like Roosevelt now
what do you think buddy this is exactly
where he's at
so I'm getting a smoothie so I just had
three hours with clintus it was such a
great time I mean there was non-stop
things to talk about there's just
exciting things happening in YouTube and
there's exciting things happening with
family vloggers and it was really neat
to get to talk with someone who's in the
middle of all of it and a part of all of
it on a bigger scale he is just a really
authentic nice guy she's passed down
Caleb's passed in gonna go pass out yeah
after I get them ready all right I got
to go start carrying kids in we're gonna
call it a night Jay house out
