this is my grandma grandmom we're
introducing you to our version she has
been playing in raqqa with Isaac but
before that she was doing some games
with Lisi do you like rock Obed oh he's
good yeah took it to her yeah okay
and over here granddad my grandpa is
helping Elise and Caleb with him how are
you I'm doing pretty good
wait your sucks you're building the car
did you build a car cubby it's all done
yes look at his granddad helping you did
a boy he begot the right she did big job
okay and that is it Sally okay yeah it
is exactly what that is to undo another
one so it's really fun to have my
grandparents here I don't get to see
them very often because they live in
California and we don't make it all the
way to California very often and so it
was really nice of them they drove out
to be here while we were here so we
could see them and it's just precious to
see the kids with them like they're
playing games with them and they're
reading with them and just taking an
interest in them and it's been really
fun because they know a lot about our
life because they've been watching our
vlog my sister and my little nephew
should be flying in soon and Jeremy is
hard at work and when she says sister
it's a different sister besides Tiffany
it's Marla Kendra's younger sister we're
trying to get in the van
but this little dudes a little
distracted by all of this he's right in
we're not gonna turn around right now
will write it later okay oh all right
we're back over it Tiffany and Jimmy's
house Kendra's older sister for dinner
again this is my sister Marla I'm so
excited in nobody's nor yet I'm not
ready he's big girl she's Florida
look I'm excited to my older sister and
younger sister we're together we're just
mostly my sister-in-law we miss you
Melanie miss you Mel very nicely Z's
Tiffany and Jimmy got Caleb for his
birthday a wobble it's like this huge
bubble
everybody get it get it get it get it
get it
figure that little
get it back and forth to each other
Little Miss Laura
hey oh yeah doo-doo-doo-doo-doo milk she
has actually eaten some yogurt I got her
to like suck on a popsicle a little bit
she's had some sippy cups still no
bottle milk action but she's doing
better
my sister totally outdid herself with
this meal it's amazing
all right my so we're pickin finishing
up some green beans
Caleb's helping and we're counting how
many people there nice you're an angel
for letting Caleb help she made as an
hors d'oeuvre this these caprices and
sausage chicken we'll get there good Oh
cousin his huggin were you like that is
Parker your cousin yeah she's sitting by
you
hey Tucker here you go bingum's eat eats
he's like give me my fish right here
hey are you cousins
hi Arthur my dad this is my Napoleon
Dynamite crap he's got it maybe no one
looks coordinated doing this
