there's more excited about England's toy
into juice little foot almost your
attorney I think I have a couple more
minutes what all right dad
hand it over mom's busting yeah her
birthday boys turn alright so we've got
a nice Sunday afternoon plan we are
headed to my sister's house for some
lunch and just like hanging out time
with the kids it's pretty out so I'm
sure the kids will be running around
outside
pets fun
you guys having fun so did any of you
guys ever play tetherball in elementary
school these are good time so I'm
excited Jimmy we're going down like so
luckily it's all on camera this is my
Napoleon Dynamite Clark he's got it
maybe no one looks coordinated doing
this
oh yeah
are you playing with Uncle Jimmy yeah
okay so Kendra and I are here talking
with Tiffani and Jimmy and one of the
things we love being with them is
they're a couple years ahead of us and
they're doing really cool stuff with
their kids stuff that we're hoping to do
in five or six years when our kids are a
little bit older in this summer
they're going to Europe and then to
India to be in like a leprosy called I
don't know what is it what are you going
to do ants win it okay so we're
volunteering with an organization called
rising star outreach and it is an
organization that has a school that
takes kids out of the leprosy colonies
there and takes them to get a phenomenal
education and takes them off by doing
the streets to a position where they can
serve so how do your kids do that like
what were your kids be doing maybe it's
will be serving they have they'll be
helping teach them English help the
teach reading will be out building walls
helping build houses more than anything
I think our kids are going to be leading
to the other kids
and helping them understand the books
and understand English and just playing
with them and just really getting a feel
for what it's going to be like to be
over there and how they live anyway
doesn't that sound so cool like to take
your kids there to do it I mean
initially what I heard about it they've
showed me some videos of the program and
I'll put the organization that they're
going like links below so you can see
some of the videos and stuff we're
really excited to get to to just
experience that with our kids and just
start alongside with our kids we could
hang out with such inspiring people
we're so excited so we hope to follow in
their footsteps and maybe someday we'll
get to take our kids to India and do
similar stuff so we're in the car again
heading
jeromy's dad's house for dinner we're
excited because Jeremy's three youngest
brothers so his half-brothers are going
to be there tonight and we haven't seen
them yet this trip so that'll be fun
yeah how you doing look it's my brothers
do it king of dance show me your moves
you wanted to see what it's like to hold
the camera I wanted to see what you do
work if you have to do something where
you hold it to get in with our camera
you can't so you kind of know where
you're aiming so you know if you go too
high or too low and you sit in there at
all times if you have bad shoulders like
me you don't want to be a vlogger or
you'll just be a fat lager cuz you go
down here it's just okay I just wanted
to give you guys a quick update on Laura
I know I mentioned over on Instagram
that she was sick and what happened was
earlier this week she had a high fever
for about three days during that time
she didn't eat or drink much but I
didn't think much of it because she was
sick anyway her fever finally broke but
the odd thing is that she still is
refusing to eat and drink and we've been
trying everything under the Sun that we
can think of we are trying different
sippy cups and different things to drink
and offering different foods and anyway
we're counting her wet diapers trying to
make sure that she's staying hydrated
but she's just really really refusing to
eat and so that's been really concerning
to us it's been two days since she's
been better and she's still having a
hard time eating she's still happy she's
smiling she's crawling around and
playing anyway thank you so much for
your prayers we really appreciate it and
hopefully she gets better soon
we're getting ready to leave my dad's
but one of the things I've loved about
the vlog I didn't realize this but our
brothers they watch the vlogs and you
can tell cuz we're with them and they
like know about everything in our lives
yeah I'm just kidding you already know
that so I knew that was one of the main
reasons we vlog but it's super fun that
our family watches and supports us with
it so J house there's candy inside there
guy opening either after breath yeah
sure hey it's your birthday
it's perfect this baby chops face off
