headed out on a field trip this morning
my mom is joining us which is awesome
for everyone and we are going to a Hart
Children's Museum I'm not exactly sure
what to expect but we're excited there
we go
they had a special today where if you
wear red you get in for free this is
really cool we're learning about the
different hearts and then seeing them in
the animal guys let's come to the next
one
Dina that's what a doggies heart looks
like doggies parties
oh my goodness that is HUGE where's the
heart pretty little nervous about it
Caleb doesn't like the heartbeat sound
so he's killing all my hummingbird heart
can be up to 1200 times in a minute and
it's less than the size of the hole you
hold on to this rail and it shows your
heartbeat up on the screen how much
blood do you guys think you have in your
body
is it a little bit or a lot a lot it
says right here that you have about a
gallon of blood in your body and this is
a gallon what do you think of that heavy
rail block that's every time it jumps
your heart's beating
okay well did it go faster or slower
after you exercise and you do it again
and what do you think of the smoke one
your friend is gonna help us learn about
making healthy food choices
at least chose her meal and she had
three fruits and one green and one
protein and one dairy 21 grams of fat
which is a little above what we should
be shooting for but Lisa would revoke it
got a meal with one from each category
he went way high in fat though but you
found all the categories kitchen up all
right so we got home from the heart
museum and the kids wrote in their field
trip journals about the museum and drew
pictures Caleb and Laura are both
napping which is wonderful
Jeremy is outside on the back patio
working in the sunshine Elise and I are
working on reading and Jesslyn caching
you're doing amazing ah tax whoo nice
wax necks it's awesome so she is moving
right along with her reading lessons I'm
so proud of you Lizzy and on the other
side of me is Isaac and he is doing he's
doing a review in his math but alright
so tomorrow is Caleb's birthday and I've
been wanting to do like an interview
with a two-year-old for a long time
where I ask him a bunch of random
questions about politics and life and so
I finally filmed some of that so you can
refer to that but I'll give you a little
sneak peek into some of the goodness
that I caught where do babies come from
the hospital how do they get to the
hospital
I a doctor come
and has sings on their hand and make
them hurt make who hurt laura larae your
baby sister yeah she was hurt yeah why
was she hurt because a dot right here Oh
at the hospital for is sick and it's
really sad she has a fever luckily on
tylenol and ibuprofen she plays a little
bit but she's been pretty sick
she's been really hot and happy a lot of
the day anyways I'm really hoping that
she kicks this tomorrow so she's had two
days of fever and she feels sick sick
tomorrow I think we're gonna have to
take her somewhere but she just ate a
good dinner didn't she yes yes she did a
good dinner
so Cafe Rio is a restaurant that we ate
at a lot when we were in college and
just kind of the beginning of our
marriage but they don't have it in
Kansas City and so it's like really
nostalgic to us eat it like it's not
just good food it's good food with
memories which is even better it's like
an upgraded Chipotle I'm just saying I
know which boat leis good but Caprio is
better than Jamal Wayne well he said it
yep it's true alright so we told you
guys my parents are bringing us Cafe Rio
this is it this is the goodness this is
the amazing sweet pork salad with this
amazing dressing I think it's called a
tomatillo dressing it's amazing but
here's my salad and what you get I am
went with the sweet pork quesadilla
normally I get like one of the big
burritos Baro is somebody's birthday how
old are you gonna be tomorrow hey my
brother Jeff happened to be here right
now and he's gonna hang out with us and
be here for Caleb's birthday tomorrow
morning I'm super excited so there were
six kids in like the original core
family before my parents got divorced
and Jeff was the youngest and so yeah
we're nine years apart early I'm 23 nine
years apart yes that works so what's it
like it's nine and a half ten so like
that one nine yeah so you'll get to see
more of Jeff and my mommy's here too she
just showed up again she'll be here for
the birthday two sons that are usually
out of state yeah here I'm here
very good she house out there it is
shake that seat so that curves and Caleb
is a happy camper what you up to dude
