we should try doing a live with them
would anyone would you guys come with us
if we did a legend cool no live things
make me so nervous we've done a few of
them with like other vlogging families
and I get so nervous I'm just like we're
starting to get into a good groove with
our trip this morning has kind of
started out like a normal morning which
was what I was really looking forward to
with how long this trip was that we
could get into some routines and not
just be in like vacation chaos all the
time so this morning the kids got up
they had breakfast they did chores we've
got laundry going and now after calendar
notebooks in some playtime we are ready
to dive into school laura is napping in
one room and jeremy has the door shut in
another room so you can focus on work so
that's what we're up to today we are
learning about weight we measured a
bunch of stuff inside and now we came
outside and we're trying to see how many
rocks it will take to make one kilogram
they're all working together what are we
at Isaac barely up to 700 oh my goodness
we need more Lise they're so light they
are so light all right so we finished
the first school work and we are headed
out on a walk it is almost hot out here
today the high is 81 you guys enjoying
the walk we are ready to mark hey Isaac
just went across the monkey bars for the
first time ever let's see a dude good
job you can do it your job I think so
Kendra ran into target and caleb is
asleep back there I don't want him to
wake up so I'm literally just driving in
circles in the parking lot do you guys
ever do that it's so funny like if
you're coming up to a stop sign you'll
just go as slow as possible before
trying to come to a complete stop so
that the kid doesn't wake up
anyway the funny things we do to try to
keep our toddlers of sleep all right so
we are on our way to my sister's house
we're gonna spend the day or the
afternoon I guess
today with her family dinner together
hang out and play it should be loads of
it
so my sister has this awesome toy it's
called structures as Otis called yes
what are you building Davis uh shit Jake
that curves and he love is a happy
camper what you up to dude can you say
bat yeah there it is Beth can you all
done
okay how about milk did you milk there
we go
eat eat do say sleep sleep though I can
you just sleep I didn't know she knew
that one that way she doesn't
okay them has a different sign for it
what's sleep Oh any time any time bye
so we're watching the live Google
hangout with that raise fam and we're
just really enjoying it it's fun to get
to know them better and their little
girls are so cute it's guys know them
you should check them out if not they're
so fun we've just really enjoyed getting
to know them yeah and and they often
comment on our videos too and have
watched us and it's fun to get and build
relationships through vlogging I get on
down like I'll be on Twitter and
suddenly it's one of our friends on
Twitter is like we're doing a live
Google hangout and I'm aa kid drew it's
like Google
like sit down and click on it we love it
well what's so fun about it is you're
interacting with them like they
responded to several of our questions
and having that interaction is such a
part of you I think what I really
appreciate is the vlogging families
they're out there are just such
wonderful families and so building
friendships with them is so meaningful
because they're families that we truly
admire and that Ray's family is
definitely one of those families yeah so
I'm really glad we got to watch it
what's fun about those is you can go
back and watch them later even though
it's not live and you can see what they
say so you should check them out we
should try doing a live recording would
anyone would you guys come with us if we
did Elena cool well I don't know live
things make me so nervous we've done a
few of them with like other vlogging
families and I get so nervous I'm just
like oh it's love so maybe that was a
bad idea we'll work up to that in like a
couple years let's do another ticket
this the nice thing about editing you
don't have to be like yeah bye
