all right Isaac you at least we got to
quietly sneak out of the car should we
climb through the window alright so we
are in the Phoenix area at a surface
organization called Feed My Starving
Children we're really excited this
morning my sister set this up for my
family to come all together and serve
here for a couple hours apparently what
the organization does is they let you
like package up or assemble meals that
are going to get sent to 70 countries
around the world and the meals are like
specifically designed to be of the best
benefit from malnourished children so
I'm excited we are excited there's an
age limit you have to be five years or
older and so elese and Isaac are both
going my parents are going to be there
my sister and her kids are going to be
there Caleb and Laura and I are gonna go
over
you know I was filming you
your silly goose what what do you call
this dance
should we call it the lessee Lil K do
the lessee loo Hey okay you hold it see
if I can drop it
Hey am i doing the lease in this yeah
see you guys go Hoffmann
alright let's go in where these so that
none of our air culture here Betty there
you go
you ready to go
instead of like your house what would it
be like to live in here Isaac hey woman
likes a night of cold that's righti
wheeze wonder what it says
this is bathing where you'll get water
where will you get water for your shower
game okay so this is Tiffany this is
Kendra a sister I know she's one who set
this up for us I'm really excited and
you're just a couple years older than
from - right
Kendra talks about memories of sharing
rooms with you and staying up late
talking all night about your dreams yeah
and we moved around a ton growing up and
it was always her night you know I went
to nine different schools she always
yeah okay so it's so fun they live here
now in the Phoenix and so we're going to
get to spend time with them dating this
month and you have three kids I don't
think they're all here but here's Davis
and Jake is over there with Isaac you'll
see more of them and then Sarah's it's
like adorable blond-headed little girl
this is Sarah the cute little girl is
horrible so how do people this is their
very first time coming to pack with us
today
who's your hand looks like it's this
half of the room but this is what we're
going to be making today we're making
beta pack rice it has four ingredients
you'll learn those four ingredients and
just submit it on how to pack the food
and then together box it up wrap it and
strap it
you
from what we did just in these two hours
72 children will have food for a year
they gave some examples of children that
they've helped and this is what makes it
real word you know you can really think
about the difference that it makes for a
kid's life
this was Omar before getting on the
program and then 16 days after eating
this food this is what he looked like
and then six months later of having food
Omar look like this the kids will
contain them whine about stuff all the
time and it's hard to help them
understand what life would be like if
they didn't have food it's hard for me
to understand we have so many things
given to us we're so blessed that I'm
grateful that there's places like this
where we can come and remember a bless
we are and how there's a lot of people
out there who don't have food and what
we can do to try to help them and so
this was a really good experience
do they have samples for us to try do
you know that that's what you just made
for people so that they can eat
it sounds like they had a great time at
Feed My Starving Children they're back
home and I'm taking the kids to the park
and Jeremy is getting some work in rough
life right here this is what a day in
the office is looking like these days
it's pretty comfortable out here it's
gorgeous out all right so we made it out
to the park it's a good one do you like
it Sparky
yeah yeah she's slick on the ground ooh
the kids love the sand and it's a
good-looking part anyway the boys are
over here playing soccer I Kayla
my father five she took such a long nap
today
she's like staring off she's rubbing
about lizards or something you looking
at something what are you looking at
what are you looking at are you looking
at the lizards oh she's she's looking
she's thinking about milk so if you
remember from our Provencher video jeff
Kendra's dad likes motorcycles and
four-wheelers and so he is getting Isaac
ready to go out on a quick little read
and there's going to be a lot more of
that coming up on this trip as well so
it should be fun you excited little
Isaac man you gonna go ride
I look like it you guys imagine what if
we only could eat rice one meal a day of
rice I would like that yeah that's how
it was for the people that we were
helping out today they get one meal
Avesta one meal a day
I got Neapolitan and chocolate chip
this boot for sprinkles are the best the
last of that and tomorrow
subscribe danced out by tonight my
question is how do you find time to edit
and post these vlogs every day and do
you ever get tired and want to break so
the way we find the time is in the
evenings we used to like sit and relax
and maybe watch a show together and then
go to sleep so we cut out watching shows
and sleep
