we are finally ready to do a Q&A we got
so many amazing questions we decided to
break it up into different pieces and so
today's a theme is vlogging was it a
weird conversation with Kendra when you
wanted to start daily vlogging or was it
a complete mutual decision it was so
weird the first answer is it was
definitely a mutual decision we were not
going to go into something this life
consuming without it being a mutual
decision but it was definitely all his
idea he found out about daily vlogging
from watching Sam and Nia last April and
he came to me right away it was like
this is amazing I want to do this with
our family I was like no no and then he
like waited a little longer and showed
me some more videos and he's like I
really want to do this with our family
no absolutely not no way and I think I
was just nervous I'm more quiet or
reserved or private than he is she
doesn't look like it but Kendra really
is an introvert I can be kind of shy and
like it just seemed like it would be
really time consuming and so and like
putting yourself on the internet it does
that by the social safety issues so I
just was like no no no no
it took him until August to talk me into
it how did I what how did that
breakthrough I saw that you were
relentless the same way I got her to
marry me
and for me what it really came down to
was seeing how excited he was about it
and seeing some of the wonderful things
about vlogging and all so we prayed
about it together as a couple on that
really helped me feel comfortable moving
forward yeah so the next question is why
did we start YouTube and we actually did
a whole video on this early on it's
called why we vlog I'll put in the link
and that explains about like the main
points of it are we want to capture
these memories we want to you know
continue to build relationships with
family and friends that are far away and
create new friendships and relationships
with people and honestly Jeremy loves
editing he loves creating and it's a
passion of this yeah the next stuff is
kind of the technical parts of vlogging
what's our camera editing software who
edits so I'm the editor I ended up
getting it at once that's true word
co-editor as Kendra I use a really cheap
editing software it's a movie studio 12
platinum it's it's the cheap version of
Sony Vegas last year's version I bought
it for 30 bucks I've edited on big
programs Final Cut avid I've done
professional editing before in my past
but I just wanted something that was
simple and met my needs for this and
that was what I chose our camera I'm
looking at it right now it's the Canon
power suit s120 we've been really happy
with it
what's our vlogging routine that's the
next question every day during the daily
vlog and then I do some video stuff and
then in the evening after the kids are
in bed
Jeremy uploads the footage and edits the
video while I respond to comments
usually I also make the thumbnail for
the video all of that is kind of
interchangeable except for I never gave
his child yeah so seven times didi
responds to comments and makes the
thumbnail just kind of depends on the
night and then we render it upload the
video through the night so that
hopefully it's up early in the morning
that's what we're trying to stick to
yeah
and so we sit next to each other while
I'm editing and I'll ask questions like
hey what do you think of this or that
and she'll be like hey what would you
say to this question and so we're
working together through that whole
evening part and so that's an important
part of our routine how do you other
family members and friends feel about
you vlogging well we don't know what
they actually think we only call this
village so um our family and friends are
super supportive we feel really grateful
for that we told our family and a few
close friends before we even started and
I think there were some concerns like
how in the world are you going to fit
that into your life and like just like
privacy things but even the family
members that aren't really interested in
being on the blog have been really
supportive they're like our biggest
cheerleaders it's so fun to get a text
from a friend that lives far away saying
something about the barbecue it was so
funny to see that and our family has
been really great so um how long do you
guys think you're going to do the
YouTube thing
I can't imagine stopping YouTube
altogether just because I love making
videos and it's been so fun to connect
with people I don't know that will daily
vlog forever just because it is a much
bigger commitment but we have a long
list of ideas and it's a growing list of
things that we want to put out onto
YouTube and so I think we'll be doing
that forever
my question is how do you find time to
edit and post these vlogs every day and
do you ever get tired and want a break
so the way we find the time is
evenings we used to like sit and relax
then maybe watch a show together and
then go to sleep so we cut out watching
shows and sleeping perfect it's a great
solution sorry we're all like super
tight right now if you can't tell Jeremy
has not slept a ton since we started
YouTube um is getting better though like
I feel like there was a learning curve
and we're moving beyond the learning
curve and getting into kind of more a
routine that's sustainable we ever get
tired and want to break so I'm obviously
with this man every day and I think
there's maybe been two times the last
five months he's like really feel like
making a video and then he like sits
there and he's watching the footage and
he starts laughing - laughing he's like
this is going to be a good one so he
just really really likes ending I think
on my end is sometimes I am more tired
but um the end product is something that
we both really enjoy what advice would
you give to someone starting on YouTube
Jerry I my biggest thing is you don't
have to reinvent the wheel we love video
creators that's the Tim Schmoyer he has
a lot of great content things you can
read things you can well put that my
links blows yeah and the other thing too
is when we started off with daily
vlogging we were just filming too much
like we wanted to capture everything and
when you have four really cute kids like
you'll get an hour hour and a half of
footage and that's just been difficult I
would give the advice to really go out
and enjoy making real friendships I
think that's definitely been my favorite
and most fulfilling part of YouTube has
been building real relationships with
other bloggers there's just something
really special about a vlogging
friendship well and and viewers it's
amazing how you know your little picture
that you have in the comments that you
send us like we are happy like right now
in my mind I'm thinking of at least six
or seven viewers or it's like I'm happy
every time I see your content sorry - um
so the relationships focusing on
relationships and Android and building
those new friendships new hotel last
that's to our next question which was
what's your favorite wish on YouTube so
that's my favorite thing about YouTube
is the friendships and relationships
what's your favorite thing I think that
that is probably my favorite thing
that's really fulfilling but another
thing that I really loved about YouTube
is just having those memories captured
that there have been times where I don't
watch our vlogs very often because I
just I have time and everyone so I'll go
back a month ago or two months ago we've
only been farming for five minutes so
but I'll go back you know three months
ago and I'll start watching one of the
vlogs and remember stuff that I had
already forgotten and just just smile
about it and be so happy that it's there
is see how much Caleb and Laura have
grown in that time yeah oh yeah it's
just amazing but I'll get to the end
slate of that video and then just want
to watch the next one and all by the end
of it I'll be like how much three or
four of the vlogs and just so happy that
we have that and that it will always be
there in that twenty years from now we
can go back and watch that again that's
a really exciting thing about YouTube so
we hope that answered some of your
questions about vlogging um we have more
questions coming soon with different
categories that will we hope you will
enjoy I'm like silly question ones and
relationship question ones it'll be fun
yeah but um if you have any more
questions just be sure to put them in
the comments below and I will respond to
them in the evening during our vlogging
routine and if it's for Jeremy I'll ask
him anything thanks so much for watching
we really appreciate it
okay Jake how's that
here hesitancy Tirico have fun let's
show you around
