the kids aren't used to being around
horses do you like horses yeah and my
favorite kind of animal or your favorite
and what would you like to pet one no
luckily we're going to be coming back up
to Jeremy's house a couple more times so
maybe the kids will get a little bit
more used to the horses will do want to
pet the horse on the head watch you can
just give it a pet right there so do you
guys feel like every time you see us
we're in our car driving because we kind
of feel like that we're on the last leg
of our trip it's been nice to break it
up but it also kind of makes it feel
like we've been driving forever so we
have a three-hour drive to our final
destination which is in the Phoenix area
so when Jeremy's parents got divorced
his mom lived in northern Arizona and
his dad lived in the Phoenix area and so
the drive between the two is very
nostalgic for Jeremy because he got to
do it a ton as a kid
so we're making the drive I love this
dress
here hesitancy the renkel have fun let's
show you around this is our first time
in here we've never been here before
Hampi let's head over here first alright
it looks like right off of here I've got
two bedrooms yeah how do you like your
new bed Hey ah listen comfortable up
here we're not actually gonna have any
of the kids sleep up at the top because
there's no rail so the other rooms it
looks like next to kids room there's a
bathroom hello so it's nice that there's
a tub because we're gonna have to be
doing baths all right guys let's go see
the next bedroom I want the bed frame in
here
so what Jamie stepdad Keith is going to
be staying here part of the week what
happens is he has a ranch in northern
Arizona and he has a ranch for his
cattle down here in the valley the
Phoenix area and so they used this house
for him in the middle of the week and on
the weekends they have it as a vacation
rental by owner but they're letting us
stay here for the month so he'll be with
us some of the time so off the entryway
we also have the washer and dryer
super-important beautiful adorable Laura
we do a little bit of baby proofing but
not too much there's some times that
she's already trained to get into that
oh alright so here's the main living
area and the kitchen and the eating area
are just off of that so here's the
kitchen
there's kind of a neat surprise for us
whoever was here last left us this
there's one thing in the fridge and we
missed out going with Sam and Nia to the
Cheesecake Factory but someone left us
some cheesecake now there is take it out
of it can you do that I mean do we just
throw this away or do we eat it no no
we're not eating that were wandering
away but
so sad that they didn't heat it the
people just left this morning so whoever
was here they took a bite out of it I
don't care no I do care okay so this
goes out to the garage and it's a
full-service kitchen this goes outside
I'll take you there in a second but
first I'll take you over here is the
master bedroom this is the mom and dad
bathroom there's a shower and I can look
for ammonia and and they stink for the
moment and so right there and soap right
there awesome clown right there yep
we're all set so that's the place um let
me show you outside I forgot to show you
the backyard some is our grill you got a
grill right here yep and the kids were
super excited about the rocks in the
backyard nice over the fence so then
they've got this nice patio furniture
out here where I can totally see us
eating in the morning all right well
there you have it
this is where we're gonna be staying
excited welcome to Arizona with us it's
so nice and warm Isaac told me when we
pulled up he's like this is the best
house ever I was like why he's like
there's a cactus in the front yard
he also told me it was the best house
ever because it was warm here so yes the
kids are just happy look at this plane
and I good morning or Milhouse uh-oh
all right grass is always greener even
in Arizona where there's normally not a
lot of green grass but the grass
actually is greener right now because
alive
it's alive grass is here it's true we're
driving we did it all night long we
travel you were sleeping and while you
were screaming and we're almost there to
see gran Joe and that's so nice because
we're almost done I've been about nine
people I could do whatever I wanted this
boy don't judge
