we're driving we did it all night long
we travel you were sleeping and while
you were screaming and we're almost
there to see Greg Joe and that's so nice
because we're almost good I've been
about nine people I could do whatever I
wanted this boy don't judge all right we
just left the meetup and now we're
leaving Dallas we're getting ready to
drive to Arizona it says it's 13 hours
and 10 minutes or something like that
here it is welcome to Arizona we did
Jeremy grew up down a little dirt road
the story about where I grew up is a
little more complex than that but
leave it at that for now hello guys come
and stay here for you that's the most
miserable thing to travel through the
night it is but it's nice to be here yep
the middle one is me there's another one
of me when I was a little huh what's a
chunky little one that's me that was
Troy and Brenton Julie
all right mom what do you guys make in
we're gonna make chicken pot pie yummy
any Lise are helping you are you helping
yeah my sister Julie and Hunter husband
aren't feeling well bummer huh the three
year old savory savory is not feeling
anger because it's savory at least you
build potatoes
awesome very good we're still wearing
the same clothes that I just want to me
or our now you might not wear this is
the Mito
I'm still wearing the same clothes that
I wore to the Meetup
daddy so I moved 25 to 30 times before
graduating high school but this was the
house I lived in the longest I was here
through my whole high school experience
we're in a small town in northern
Arizona there's about 5,000 people here
I grew up in the Phoenix area and then
when I was 12 or 13 my parents got
divorced and my mom ended up here in
this little town and so that was a big
transition my mom married a rancher key
and so I was out here you know living
out on the ranch and he has another
ranch not on this area on this this
property right here but it was really
neat as a kid that like have that
transition of coming out and if I wanted
I could ride a horse every day and we
were raising cattle and raising pigs and
to learn all about building miles of
fences and just learning what it was
like to live in a small town we had a
lot of fun I have a lot of really good
memories here at this house and it's
special any time you come back it's
nostalgic and and exciting to be here
thank God you do are you the green guy
yeah how's it going dude good good cuz
way this I have a knife
oh that's fun mark more kids we don't
have a gaming system at all and so it's
like a completely foreign world to them
this is my mom's mom Dixie and we just
love her so much she's a one tough lady
she's taught me a lot about hard work
but I love her example and so it's so
good to be hearing to get to see you and
that our kids gets in yeah yeah our kids
get to hang out with you too so we love
ya it's good to have you know yeah Kate
you think cake is good yeah I'll some
tape right now you sure we shouldn't
just get you some broccoli Oh
or wait maybe some carrots no I want
some okay
well let's get you some okay can you say
please please okay so Jeremy has always
loved making videos and one of the
awesome things about coming home was his
mom grabbed out of the top of her closet
some of his old own videos that he had
made and he and the kids have been
cracking up with them and he's still
laughing oh my oh yeah yeah didn't buddy
graduate dead though
oh yeah you didn't notice I barely got
my braces off and what's this one this
was what I was running for student body
president I took on like 15 different
personalities that all had these same
teeth and maybe after he digitizes it
well let you guys see uncut so the last
like three days have been a whirlwind
like we had so much fun in Dallas it was
awesome
yeah but we did like 20 hours of driving
and I get to drive a lot but seriously
like there are just not words to
describe how happy Dallas was Sara Nia
and Matt no more some of our great
friends so I was exciting to get to see
them Jay how's that
