we are packing up and heading out on our
road trip so we're really excited to go
on our trip to Texas in Arizona and we
are leaving in the morning
we get to Tim and Nia tomorrow that's
right so the really sweet spot of
tomorrow it's the reward for the
ten-hour Drive with the kids
yeah and then we're going to be staying
the night Matt and Em's like how cool of
a day is that it's gonna be awesome and
it starts at 4:00 a.m. that's not so
cool and driving ten hours with four
little kids won't bring you guys along
so you get to see some of the adventures
we honestly don't know and then Saturday
we have the Meetup and we didn't
announce this yet but they actually
change the time so the meetup is on this
Saturday January 31st at the Galleria
Mall in Dallas on the third level play
place at 5:00 p.m. 5:00 p.m. so that's
the time change word we would love for
you to come if you're living in u.s.
it's really fun we're really looking
forward to it um so you guys want to see
what we packed all right so it's always
kind of hard for me to pack for a trip
but this has been extra difficult
because we have so many different things
going on and we're gone for so long
and so to pack for four kids and every
night for four or five weeks we're not
exactly sure how long it's going to be
yet but we're going to be in the snow
and the cold because Jeremy's family
lives in that area and then we're going
to be in the Phoenix area where it's hot
so we need shorts and swimsuits and
flip-flops and so over here we've got
our winter jackets and all of our shoes
and the scale because Jeremy is doing
the diet bit so we had to have our
digital scale she's been giving me a
hard time about the scale people that
care about their health
okay so then here we've got all the
clothes for the kids for four weeks and
the highchair the baby carrier then
Jeremy nice stuff is in the actual
suitcases and this is every
thing homeschool for weeks right here
boom this is the staging area that's the
clothes the kids are wearing in the
morning and this whoa we have the nicest
friends is hopefully our sanity saver in
the car I have an amazing neighbor who
came and brought like little bags for
each of the kids I thought I was super
thoughtful well and what was neat is
they know our kids so they they chose
little magical gifts inside that each
key word like like for Isaac was a
football one and free lease was like a
frozen thing is it was really really
nice really rich and so I took the
little things I hadn't added them to it
so that now each it has their own little
bag and then another one of my friends
gave me a tip we haven't been on a road
trip with the kids since we only had
Isaac and Elise and that one went so
well that we vowed to never do it again
why are we doing this yeah and I think
that's part of why we're staying for a
month because I was like if we're gonna
drive the 22 hours to Arizona
we're gonna make it moving therefore I'm
like this well anyway but she told me an
idea that has to do with these clips and
I can show it to you tomorrow but it's
kind of like a reward system in the car
so she said it helps keep her kids from
screaming and whining the whole time so
alright so what we're gonna do now is
we're going to turn off the camera and
this amazing master Packer is going to
fit all this in our band I kind of just
want to go to bed hey I do have a
stroller in there too yes we are hoping
to take a stroller we'll see I know
let's just buy one in Arizona so anyway
he's an amazing Packer he really is like
I would offer to go down there and do it
but Jimmy would you like me to pack with
it no I feel like this is when we're
working with Caleb and it's like hey we
need help you're so good at it like
you're altering be like encourage man
you are amazing it back okay I'll do it
time you what's the best I can do it
let's do this
okay so this is our first time to go on
a trip yeah this is the first time we've
never gone on or never what he meant yes
everybody what I meant what he meant oh
my god you were so tired what he meant
is this is our first time vlogging on a
trip this is anyway like crazy tired the
road trip hasn't even started yet what's
dangerous too is I have to edit this
tonight while I'm still in the tired
crazy mode so I might put stuff in that
I would and the next morning be like
what did I do like a random picture of a
teacup hmm anyway um so we're taking you
guys along on this road trip it's gonna
be really fun um we'll show you
Missouri and Oklahoma and Texas and New
Mexico and Arizona sorry more detail
well name every state in the fifty nifty
United States from 13 original colonies
shouting you're gonna wake up the kids
because sorry what I was trying to say
is follow us on Instagram and Twitter if
you want to have more updates of our
trip we'll be posting some pictures of
the fun and chaos going on in the car
and of the awesomeness that's going to
be happening with Sammy Nia and 9:00
a.m. tomorrow and on Saturday so come
follow us at J house vlogs over there
and yeah good night what is dad's job
going to wear it what what do I do at
work
money gets calls I give people money
yeah what do people call me about so
when I'm at work I'm helping people by
fixing their cars
