so I had three kids all three of my kids
were born through induction and I had an
epidural with all of them I'm a labor
and delivery nurse and I have helped
hundreds of women through labor and so
as I was preparing for my fourth baby I
decided that I wanted to go natural this
time
early Saturday morning when I was 39
weeks pregnant I woke up to a sudden
feeling of being very wet the first
thought that went through my mind as I
like nudged my husband is did I just let
the bed or did my water break
but it's 2:30 in the morning I'm
completely tired so I need to wake my
husband and I'm like Jeremy help me out
I think I just wet the bed or my water
broke and he's like what and he gets up
all groggy he turns on the light and we
pull off the covers and there is a
massive puddle in the bed so he grabs me
a towel and I go to the bathroom and I'm
like gushing fluid stuff and I'm like
man why can I not control this pee I
must really have to go I was so out of
it so my husband comes into the bathroom
and he says hey I cleaned up the bed I'm
just gonna go back to bed now
and that's when it dawned on me like I'm
nine months pregnant I didn't wet the
bed like my water broke it's go time
we're getting everything ready to go to
the hospital and suddenly we hear a
buzzing noise and I grab my phone and it
says baby and this is at 2:45 in the
morning I have an alarm set for baby and
what had happened is that Kendra had
asked me before to clear my schedule for
the last week of her pregnancy and I
happened to schedule it for that time so
this baby was apparently right on
schedule so we're headed to the hospital
and all I can think of is that I never
took maternity pictures I know it sounds
really lame like I was excited to be
going to the hospital and having my baby
but Jeremy had been really busy with
work and I hadn't had any maternity
pictures and so we had scheduled it for
that Saturday that Saturday we were
supposed to do that we check into the
hospital and we get into the room and I
say Jeremy I'm not going to get
maternity pictures can you just take
some pictures of me right here in the
hospital room and let me just tell you
Hospital lighting at 3:00 a.m. when
you're contracting does not make for
amazing maternity pictures schedule
those other games 7:00 a.m. the nurse
came in to check me and
in any change my cervix was still 3
centimeters so she said that I could go
ahead and get up and go walking until
the doctor came in so Kendra was on a
mission to get this baby out and the one
thing that she could do was walk so she
was booking it she was going up and down
the halls as quick as she could and I
was just trying to keep up with her and
that wasn't easy we walked for like
hours it felt like I was trying to get a
little bit sore I mean my feet were
hurting I had side cramps my lower back
was hurting but you know she was alone
in labor so I didn't come from too much
so at 9:00 a.m. after all this walking
we went back into the room and the
doctor was there and he checked me and
there was no change I was still 3 to 4
centimeters and he told me that at this
point we needed to start pitocin and I
was a little bit discouraged I was
really hoping to do this on my own this
time and I'm really proud of myself
about this part of the story because I
stood up for my feelings and I told the
doctor that I understood why he wanted
me to start on pitocin and I asked if I
could have two more hours I said just
give me two more hours to try I feel
like my body can do this give me a
chance so he told me that I had till
11:00 we head back out to start walking
and we walked for at least another hour
and that the contractions are picking up
in frequency and they're getting more
intense to where I have to like stop and
breathe through them and at one point
Jeremy watches me like kind of breathing
through a contraction and he says you
know maybe we should go labor in our
room now and I was like no no I'm fine
yeah we were starting to make people a
little bit nervous and then the next
contraction I like realize that I'm
there standing against the wall I
realize he was totally right he was
talking to go to the room so on our way
back to the room I asked the nurse to
come in and check me and I said I can't
wait till 11:00 so she checked me and I
was six to seven centimeters and at that
moment just this wave of emotion just
rushes over me my other Labor's with my
first three kids had gone really quickly
and from 7 centimeters to birth was
usually about 20 minutes and so I just
had this moment of realize
what was coming and how quickly it might
be coming and I was scared so I got down
on the birthing ball and I made it
through one more contraction before I
said Jeremy go get the nurse I need to
be checked again at this point I was
eight centimeters the nurse stabling the
room with me at that point and I made it
through one more contraction she checked
me again and I was nine and a half
centimeters she's the nurse at this
point is hurrying and setting everything
up and the doctors getting called in so
the doctor and the nurse are telling me
that Kendra isn't allowed to push
anymore but all Kendra wants to do is
push so we're like trying to keep her
from pushing and I can see the head and
we just don't want baby to fall on the
ground and Jeremy looks down and he says
I see the head and that freaked me out
like the doctors not even standing in
front of me yet so I see the doctor
trying to like wash his hands and I like
get your closer please get you those
eyes please hurry hurry hurry get your
thumbs up please hurry get your gloves
on I felt like I was trying to stay as
composed as possible but I just felt
like he's going so slow but it was only
one contraction it couldn't have been
that long anyway he came over and the
next contraction laura was born so here
you feel the moment of the beauty of
seeing my daughter for the first time
combined with realizing that I had
accomplished my goal I had given birth
naturally and I was really proud of
myself and grateful to be with her and
grateful for Jeremy's support through
the whole experience and it was it was a
really beautiful birth way of
I was so proud of Kendra she's a tough
girl when I first saw baby Laura I just
thought that she was beautiful and I was
so excited to have another little person
in our family
I felt such love for Laura in that very
first moment and that love has only
grown I'm so grateful and to have her in
our lives we love you
you
you
