this salsa is so good from Jose peppers
I can drink it that's how much I love
this salsa so Jeremy and I are having a
stay at home date night we just got all
the kids down so fingers crossed that
they stay down we both got the flauta
platter here's what it looks like
there's the flautas and I got some
cherry limeade to go with it
and what is this thing called is that
the sweet Foofa no this thing that comes
with Mexican meals I love it like I eat
it like all the way gone like in like
little tiny beats bites with like every
single bite of my food Jeremy does not
prefer it well I feel like it's the same
thing as what they make corn tamale
tortillas out of but it's just not
cooked and so I feel like it's eating
cookie dough or something but it's not
as good as some that maybe that's why I
like it it's like eating cookie dough so
we have no idea what what we have no
idea what it is
okay so we're sitting here talking about
some of the fun stuff we've been doing
lately and I was telling him about how
we went to the park yesterday it was a
new park which is fun
this little girl just went down the
slide and like this little Emily is
going down the slide Oh Emily's going
for a ride on a spinny thing and Jeremy
you took the kids to a service project
this morning yeah we went to Hillcrest
again it was a lot of fun the kids did
really well and it was neat we had
invited friends from our church out I
didn't video a lot of them because not
everyone is comfortable with their kids
being on YouTube which we totally
respect but we had about 20 people out
and it was a lot of little kids like
there were families that came and it was
really neat it was really cool so we're
here in the food pantry Issac and Ely
these are going to be my helpers we're
going to be taking some of the chicken
that's in the big bags and we're going
to put it into little bags so that it
can be dividend the people who are here
at Hillcrest
the job I think at least were super
happy when they came home like they had
really enjoyed it no so beside that
Jeremy cleaned the van today yes
so as we're getting ready to go to
Arizona there's a bunch of to-do list
items one of them is a deep-clean of the
van so I'm doing that right now and look
it's warm enough that our kids are
actually outside right in their bikes
round exciting yep it's good exercise if
here's the before shot we just have like
stuff all over in here
so I was hoping to clean without the
help of the kids but I wanted to help so
they're helping me okay go ahead spray
it but who was my other helper who won't
get there you all right so here's the
clean version so I got a haircut see
look
doesn't it look so much better we were
we were there getting the haircut and
Kendra was like you look so much better
with the haircut I was looking pretty
bad I guess I know that like backs up I
was like I mean I mean you always look
so handsome but but I am excited because
there was a reason that we were both
together at the hair salon and we have a
super exciting video coming up really
soon you guys are going to love so we
can't please me but hey house out but
why are you silly because it gets all
the time people call me fairies who
calls you silly I'll again release my
brother addresses
