so this is what happens sometimes when
you are the fourth child and you have
big brothers she's wearing one of
Caleb's old sleepers because that's all
it was clean so the kids are tracing the
state of Oklahoma leaves you show us
your Oklahoma yay
where's Texas on the bottom what's the
name of the river right there red the
red river and what's this ah
Kasich's and here's Caleb's Oklahoma
what is it Oh potato a potato ding all
right Isaac let's see yours oh you're
not done yet are you putting on the
bordering states in all right as part of
our Oklahoma study we are introducing
them to Oklahoma the musical here they
are guess what everybody there's
something at the door ok let's go see
what it is okay so I got the boxes at
the door and it was actually two boxes
what the same thing in both of them
which was an accident
so I wrapped this one for Elise it's
from my parents but since they're in
Arizona we wrapped it up for them but we
have an extra so so when we were out
shopping with Elise back in December she
was loving these and really wanted them
and we considered getting it for
Christmas for her but we were like yeah
we can maybe get it for her birthday and
then your mom my parents decided that
they were like
get it for us and they're like awesome
that's great so we're excited to give it
to her I think she's gonna really like
it I don't really get these they kind of
remind me of like the porcelain the
creepy porcelain dolls that were like a
big thing a while back but we'll just go
along with the flow I mean I guess it's
what school right now and she'll like it
whatever the man doesn't get dolls
hey these are just some day girl exactly
no baby dolls but like the fact that
this is like a doll that looks like an
older person like she's gonna love doing
his hair and changing its clothes and he
doesn't get it it's a lot like the
creepy porcelain dolls in it at least
these aren't as breakable so that's good
but she'll be happy I'm happy she'll be
happy am I alone on this grandma grandma
just got you a little tiny present okay
you guys but before we open the present
we need to clean up these blocks yep
let's do it real quick let's clean them
up what mom did it I thought you did it
mom hey this is from grandma and Papa
you can open it do you like it at Laura
to see this blended knob do you like it
Laura she likes it
she's happy
parenting tip if you're going to gift
something like this unwrap it fully from
its packaging before you give it to the
child bounty call her Emily Emily why
did you pick that name one of my aunts
called Emily and that's one of my
favorite believes an Emily it's just
like it have another sister yeah it is
and I can fold and walk with her hmm
little girl oh just love her
I never she puts her head on my shoulder
she'll even like tap my little back you
know when I'm time to show like Pat my
back it's so cute dad alright so we've
been pretty busy trying to get ready for
our big trip to Arizona it's coming up
and we have to prep to be gone for a
whole month which takes some logistics
you know trying to get that all figured
out
Jeremy apparently has to get like work
stuff arranged yeah there's a lot to
work out when you're going to be gone
for a month in a lot of different areas
of our life we are also getting it ready
for the road trip like that's a big drag
with four little kids so I'm a little
bit nervous about that but I'm trying to
plan and prepare for it anyway
hopefully we'll have a lot of crackers
that are really complex to get all over
the VIN for the whole trip that's a good
idea I think about getting a little
juice box perfect we want it to be as
sticky and crumbly as possible anyway
back to the big announcement so the big
announcement is that on our way to
Arizona we are going to stop in Dallas
yes for a couple days we're really
excited we're going to get to spend some
time with Sam Ania and Matt and em and
getting to know them in person like
we're really excited about that
yeah um it's fun to build relationships
through YouTube and texting and skyping
but we're excited actually
there's nothing about really meeting
people in our life we're excited while
we're there
Ania are doing a YouTube meetup and so
Sam and Nia and Madden M and ourselves
will be there and we would love to meet
other youtubers and people we're hoping
some of you guys live in that area we
would love to meet you in person
we're excited about it it'll be really
fun it's going to be at it's going to be
on Saturday January 31st at 1:00 p.m. at
the Galleria Mall in Dallas on the third
level by the play place hopefully you
can find it right next to the red barn
and just move obviously never been there
before but we're excited I think we've
said excited way too many times in this
segment we're elated we're jubilant I
got nothing what we're in wondrous off
we're goofy way tweeted baby's awkward
anyway
