so normally she's trying to eat all the
puzzle pieces and now she's taking it
out of the box I'm putting it back in so
that's kind of fun to see her developing
like that are you taking it out and
putting it back in so how do you eat
your grapefruit I am doing it by peeling
it
Kendra cuts it in half and then you know
like scoops out all of the in-between
but I feel like that leaves so much left
of grapefruit and I mean normally in my
family around my mom did it that way too
that's how I was taught but now that I'm
older and can make my own decisions
about grapefruit inna C then I can eat
the whole thing I feel like I'm gonna
get a lot more of the grapefruit the
most died so much grapefruits chef into
the back of mine maybe that's why people
you okay yeah I'm got it mmm so then the
other great for question is do you
sweeten your grapefruit or do you not
when I was younger I did but I haven't
been for a while and I actually am
really appreciating the authentic fruit
some people like put salt on stuff yeah
I've heard of that one that like people
put they defile a watermelon by putting
salt on it are you one of those crazies
you do that because people do that and
it's just sick and wrong laura is
getting so responsive right now she's
signing and she's nodding her
yes Chad your head mentioned you need
snow to normal she's a cutie thank you
what doing up there can you say daddy oh
there it is oh you guys she's a person
like she responds to us like she's
communicating how neat is that can you
do mommy mommy Hey she's selling milk so
Elise got this for her birthday and
we're gonna make some cupcakes tonight
yeah Oh hot do not even touch it all
right
the cupcake liner be careful don't burn
yourself
close it
you put your left foot it and you shake
it all the back you do the Hokey Pokey
and you turn yourself around
blow what did you call this game um yoga
okay I just turn to the pose hey to me
anything there it is do you want some
help bad be doing it there it is there's
the pose you're doing it all right
Candice turn to dude
there it is open it up we're done all
right
who's this it be very careful hey my
girlfriend drew all right let's check on
the next batch see if they're done I
think they are they are none
we take our cupcakes very serious so I
had an interesting conversation with one
of my friends yesterday we were talking
about all of the different activities
that were involved in and how busy life
can get in and trying to prioritize and
picking and choosing like what we were
going to really focus in on and my
friend drew this chart for me that I
thought was profound
he drew a downward writing greatest
strength and he said you know what is
your greatest strength I was thinking
about that and then horizontally across
that he wrote greatest passion what is
it that you're most passionate about
what do you care the most about and he
said were those two intersect that's
where we should be focusing our energies
and our efforts and I thought that was
profound I've been thinking a lot about
it like I've been analyzing what is my
greatest passion or what are some of my
greatest passions and strengths and so I
wondered that from you guys too I'd love
for you to share with me in the comments
below what are the things that you're
most passionate about what do you care
about the most in your life Jay how this
kind of mission
