we're gonna go sing happy birthday to
Lisa okay come on let's go day to you
happy birthday to you I love you you're
so good at ballet listen it says here
you have big ears hey hey hey a cupcake
maker Oh muffin strawberry muffins I
love strawberries blueberry muffin ooh
we love you a nice love mom and dad
ready to open the last present Wow
Cinderella I really love it happy
birthday to Ryu all right let's do two
think of that doughnut use special
requested
Elise and I are headed out on a date on
a date just the two of us so I let her
choose where she wanted to go Laura Oh
Laura's with us too so Elise has only
really ever had hand-me-downs we've
never taken her shopping to the store
and the girl loves clothes so she's
pretty excited to discover the girls
section
Wow
whoo
that you do you love that
he's being this dressing room with us
Mora
at least what did you choose to buy gum
well we did my gum but what else did you
choose to buy which clothing a skirt not
okay
all right I'm home for lunch got back
from courts things went well and Elise
the birthday girl was able to choose the
lunch of her dreams and here it is tell
us what you chose uh juice and butterfly
macaroni and cheese with flowers and
harness all right we are making Elise's
birthday cake
Isaac and Elise are both helping me and
we are making her a fresh strawberry
cake which I've never tried before so
I'm a little bit nervous about that so
the recipe calls for one and a half cups
total of these mashed strawberries so
I'm letting Isaac and Elise help cut it
up I got ya mom go one who did I know
when I'm actually letting them use real
knives when do you let your kids use
real knives these two are pretty
responsible Kayla I wouldn't trust him
anywhere near it
Lisa are you excited for your cake did
you eat a strawberry all right
well we are off to cooking hopefully
turns out Jeremy and Elise and I are
headed out on a date tonight and she's
wearing her new skirt that she got
hey Haley
oh yeah you could happen of course even
a but it's your birthday what did you
think of that they sing to you she's
like give me the ice cream
she jumped it so our sweet date night
with Elise is coming to an end we're
about ready to pick up all the other
minions it's just been really precious
to spend one-on-one time with her I've
really enjoyed it and it's been a good
reminder to us to do this more
frequently than just on their birthdays
with them and to make sure I think often
they get time alone with just one of us
but to get time alone with the two of us
that's a bigger treat so
I was telling at least one of the things
that I love about who she is she's a
thoughtful grateful caring person and
she's very talented and we're just happy
to have her in our family we feel very
lucky and we felt that way since day one
she's just been a big blessing and I'm
grateful she's my friend I love you they
see
happy birthday dear Liesl ooh happy
birthday it's been five minutes for when
I last showed everybody here and
everybody left this is awesome
kendra has returned from shopping and
the fashion show begins
