so chick-fil-a is giving out free
breakfast Monday Tuesday and Wednesday
every morning in January yeah we're
jumping on that anyway so today's is
chicken biscuits which I was really
skeptical first like really can you eat
chicken for breakfast breakfast like a
whole chicken anyway
it's actually amazing that was our
fastest fast-food experience ever we
were in we got our food and we were out
which was good because we didn't have
very much time and we showed up at 8:35
and we were out leaving at 8:50 which is
amazing they played we ate we got them
out and with four little kids even
getting them in and out of the car
sometimes takes that long so good job
cooperating everybody right well today
is Martin Luther King Day and it's also
a national day of service we're
encouraged to go out and serve in our
communities so we are headed today as a
family to Hillcrest thrift store so in
the past we've done different service
for the Hillcrest organization I'm
really impressed with them and you can
look I'll put some of the video links up
so you can actually see some of the
other videos where we explain more of
what this organization is but this
thrift store is one of the main ways
that they sustained their efforts and so
we're happy to come and help them out
today well what you want me to tell them
that I just tried to get in and I
thought it was locked and we're waiting
in the cold because I thought it wasn't
open yet and then Jeremy's like it says
use this door please and he opens it w
want me to tell the people yeah Isaac
was the one who read the sign that said
use this door so we're in the giant toy
area and we're supposed to check the
toys and make sure they work they have
all the pieces to them and then we price
them and put them out on the floor in
the toy area so so that we don't get too
distracted we're playing with toys to
make sure they work
that's our service for today
so we're cousins are helping us out all
right we're going to the toy section to
put the toys away how's it going in here
fine have I stuff to buy I know there's
like ten things I found for a buck that
I want we are loving this warmer weather
and the kids are finally well enough to
come outside and play Caleb what are you
doing be careful little monkey um I'm
not sure about that um you static okay
let me help you have alright so we just
got McDonald's and as you know I'm doing
the dietbet so instead of getting a
bunch of french fries and hamburgers for
myself I went with the southwestern
chicken salad with grilled chicken
instead of the yummy amazing crispy
chicken I know that McDonald's still
isn't a good choice even with getting a
salad but it's better than just getting
the hamburgers and hopefully it will
continue make a difference I have been
losing weight and it's exciting we're at
a park a lot of other people are at the
park because it's still like one time
that it's been born
you
it's been five minutes for when I last
showed everybody here and everybody
laughed this is awesome
kendra has returned from shopping and
the fashion show begins hello
so my friend went shopping with me and
we got a few things I brought home more
than I'm going to keep I wanted to try
it on at home and see what I thought of
it so um these pants have like this
little composure these pants have like I
don't know I guess seams or something
seems a little weird to me but my friend
says it's in style
and I've never owned a jean jacket
before not even like back when you were
8 years old I had one when I was 8 years
old and my friend said that Aztec is
really in style I hate shopping if you
remember like I really hate shopping so
if I have to go buy something I try to
recruit a friend to go with me so my
friend Sarah went with me and she was
super helpful this is the more preppy
version I wanted to do
there were that and I got it in two
different colors because I couldn't
decide in the moment I really liked that
one let us know which one you like the
most because she's going to be returning
a lot of this probably that's how it
normally goes so alright so this is the
Aztec I call it like mr. Rogers
neighborhood sweater very sexy title
anyway I don't know if you're supposed
to like but maybe you look good I like
it okay so or there is the green one for
some reason I just really like the green
and it's a really soft and cozy keep
both and I think I could throw it on on
top of everything so you have to
understand because I hate shopping
I never go shopping so in 2014 I bought
two shirts and no person pants so I know
this looks like a ton of clothes but I
like never go shopping and so if I find
two pairs of pants that fit me I buy
both
they probably will biting hands for
another three years and then she returns
both of them that's normally what
happens
I ate chop it okay about Jeremy some
pants too but apparently he's too shy to
try em on for you Oh huh what uh okay
you want me to put him on fire Oh
somebody's feeling sexy okay wait wait
wait wait I have a question for the
viewers so these are the straight leg
pants
I think Jeremy's like Jeremy's pants
have always been bootcut before but I
went straight leg but do I need to go
skinny we've never done the skinny jeans
I tease Sam about that from Sam Ania
like the teal skinny jeans Nia was
trying to get him into staging did he
just like it's just not me
I've never made the jump yet so I think
if I was in him I would feel way too
cool but maybe I'd look good so what do
you guys think are these okay with
Jeremy just the straight leg or do we
need to go skinny there we go there we
go strutting his stuff all right J how's
that tonight it has to be the only one
for me is it so happy together
