so Laura was up at 5:30 this morning
which is earlier than normal and I kept
trying to put her back to bed but she
wouldn't stay down and so we went back
and forth you know for like 15 minutes
trying that and then I eventually just
gave up and the other kids woke up
earlier than normal this morning too
they were up like right at 6:00 a.m.
what time do you guys wake up there were
times in my life where I was waking up
at 5:30 every morning and that was just
normal right now I hope for like 6:30
but the kids often wake up before that
so I'd love to see in the comments below
what time is early for you what time you
know do you normally wake up on a normal
day
alright what are we making french toast
do you guys like french toast yummy I am
gonna head up to work though we are
getting ready for our trip to Arizona
and there's a lot of stuff to get done
and so I'm gonna go put in a couple
hours so I'm in my room getting ready
for the day and I come out to find this
what are you doing what are you doing
alright guys we finally made it out of
the house with all the kids being sick
it's been like two weeks since we've
gone out and nobody has fevers today and
they didn't have fevers yesterday and
their coughs are like much less and so I
finally feel comfortable taking him out
and guess where our first outing is
where we going where are we that's right
it's time to pick up a laptop okay I got
a Mac here earlier a MacBook Pro the
13-inch one and then I had to return it
because it was expensive and our car had
but now we're getting ready to go to
Arizona and we're gonna be going on our
trip and we need a laptop for that and I
decided not to go with the Mac I
actually decided to go with the Lenovo
y50 it had the same specs if not better
with like a graphics card cleaning
system the processing it was just a
thousand dollars cheaper than what was
the same thing for a Mac I know it's not
as cool as a Mac so I'm probably gonna
get a sticker that's a Mac sticker and
like put it on there so I can still be
cool
but it's a lot cheaper we'll see if it
works I mean most of the editors and
friends I know that do YouTube have the
Mac and so maybe I'm making a huge
mistake and will regret it so here it is
see it just doesn't look as cool but it
does the same thing
hopefully alright we were challenged by
the Canadian family blog to do the squat
challenge you basically getting the
squat position and see who can last the
longest yeah so I have a major
disadvantage here in that my butt is
bigger than everybody's here so Kendra
does have an extra mode where she can
push it through payments it's impressive
called natural childbirth once you get
it there's no turning back I didn't get
that
so I kind of need to pass gas a little
bit and that makes it way harder another
way you get like alright I'll go tell
her to give up
all right we challenged Austin and Jeff
blogs hey goods house and Shailene and
Kurt vlogs so uh let's see those squats
yeah what
hey how's that feel so rematch here now
rings oh I tricked you into it here now
rematch
it's just you and me na you know matter
of Utah's for those it has to be the
only one for me is you so happy together
