all right so my morning workout today
I'm trying to jump rope with a jump rope
that's way too small for me kind of
frustrating while watching salmon Nia do
you guys get itchy when you're out of
shape and you start working out I get
like all itchy in my belly and my side
is that normal
apparently Isaac made a trap for Mom
okay shows how does this work yo can you
try getting try to go in caleb caleb is
the guinea pig here okay now try and get
out oh so it keeps them in there and
then this one makes it back okay awesome
alright we are measuring we are pouring
and apparently we are pretending to be a
bakery is that right yeah very fun Laura
doesn't seem to put him in our mouth as
long as she has her binky in her mouth
so as soon as I see her binky pop out I
just put it back in and of course I have
to stay right here beside her so that's
not a problem I like hanging out with
you little people all right homeschool
recess today is playing ping pong and
check out that face
yes okay you gotta let you see how this
goes down
alright everybody does that use that
year I'm gonna play hard
Jeremy is home for lunch and we're
playing a quick moment of ping-pong
before we eat how was your nap yeah yeah
thank you baby
and at least I wanted to show them your
outfit today so today she chose brown
leggings a black shirt a brown jacket
and this cute top she wanted her hair in
a side ponytail with this bow in her
hair your outfit do you need to show me
your outfit very high so Caleb has
discovered a newfound love of puzzles
and it is life-changing for all of us he
sits still and he works on them remember
that one time vlog then we told you guys
all about everything and then we realize
that we had the record button buzzer
cellphone that digits heaven so I'll
just give you a brief recap it was a
little there's something there okay so
we had a stay-at-home date night tonight
which is really nice we just got some
food in and we enjoyed to sitting and
visiting and talking about life and what
we're doing with life and where we want
to be in five or ten years you know it's
something that we've talked about before
but it's always interesting to talk
about it again and really talk about
where what our goals are okay Cara best
your vlog and
