Jeremy got up and did his first workout
this morning I'm super proud of him and
I got up and I ate Seminoles for
breakfast so I may need to learn from
Jeremy and start getting on the healthy
bandwagon they're still sick over here
but I think we're feeling a little bit
better only two of the kids have fevers
and they seem to sleep a little bit
better last night so we're looking for
the positive and really hoping to get
over this very soon all right we are
playing a chore game this morning I got
out dice and we are rolling the dice and
when you get the number that's how many
pieces of laundry you fold then you roll
the dice again and you run over to the
clean dishwasher and unload that many
items out of the dishwasher then you
roll the dice again and fold that many
things of laundry and then you roll the
dice again and unload that many things
of the dishwasher so we're all playing
at the same time so we're all working
together so and that's fun how many did
you roll is it too awesome so then
you're headed to the dishwasher at least
see how many did you roll six all right
let's do it Caleb how many did you roll
okay roll it let's see four four Gabe
four things or are you gonna unload
first okay so you're going to unload
four things count them as you put them
away
okay that went pretty well
I have mostly happy kids and we folded
two loads of laundry and unloaded the
dishwasher and we had fun too do you
guys like that would you want to do it
again you don't want to do it again
right now
 you I try to run the camera okay
camera you best your vlog and
okay we're going to let the kids
experiment with baking soda and vinegar
this morning hey you're going to squeeze
up some of that liquid which is vinegar
and then you're going to put it into the
baking soda and see what happens okay
you guys can try it get it try it try it
whoa Wow how does it do it I love to it
oh my gosh I would get some more meat
yeah I didn't get that what happened
ready okay so putting the vinegar in the
baking soda and seeing that reaction led
your discussion about what would happen
if we put other things in the baking
soda so we have a fresh thing of baking
soda right there and we made a list over
here of some other things we could put
in the baking soda I just got home for
lunch and I had an exciting morning I'm
a part of a business networking group
that meets every week and I had the
opportunity to present today during the
meeting it was fun presentation and now
I'm home and we're doing like some kind
of science experiment whoa what did it
do
nothing nothing
your hypothesis was right okay who's
next million Halen wanted to do the milk
this is lime juice what did it do it
makes a big nothing so what did it do it
make two Chalkley it's true
see how earlier I told you about
presenting in front of business
professionals today yeah after the
presentation I felt like it went really
well people were interacting they were
laughing they're having a good time but
what I forgot to tell you is that after
the presentation I went to my office and
I went to the bathroom and realized that
my zipper was down and it had been down
the whole time so I wasn't feeling quite
as good about the presentation I thought
they were laughing at like my awesome
jokes but they were just laughing at the
fact that my zipper was done probably so
you ever had that happen Kendra crazy
embarrassed what do you what's this a
little uh chocolate chip snag it's one
of those days no long day so my
chocolate we have in our house
you like its cars I made her
