the kids have actually been sick for a
while it's probably been almost two
weeks of somebody being sick and the
last few days they've all been sick they
all have fevers like pretty decent
fevers and bad coughs and on the vlog we
don't want to be all like whiny and Moni
like oh we're sick again uh or sick
again we're feeling bad because we feel
like the vlogs have been so boring
lately because we can't leave the house
because our kids have fevers and we're
not sleeping at night and nobody's
napping and they're all like cranky and
the kids aren't wanting to like do super
fun things like we'll do some school for
a minute if people are feeling up to it
and then besides that like they're like
laying on the ground like oh so anyway
sorry that we haven't been up too much
lately we have big plans to get healthy
and start having fun again now with this
one you fold it again huh and then you
fold it again and now you cut it okay
tuck my healthy
you like oh it's cars a nature love it
it here's our snowflakes but they'll
watch or feel about snow like we're
gonna watch a video about how they're
made yay we just watched a video about
how snowflakes are formed I'll put it in
the links below because it was awesome
and now we're gonna cut out a few more
snowflakes
alright so we have survived almost
another day till dad gets home Jeremy
should be home in about 30 minutes
see this little sick face yeah um I'm
not feeling awesome today and so we have
been watching some TV some kids that did
school today and are now watching TV
look at those faces oh my gosh
anyway um and k-love is over here what
are you up to Caleb you're baking
chocolate chip cookies show me how you
do it show me how you do it bud what's
that why did you put him under the chair
I have a good friend that was super
sweet and brought us dinner tonight she
knew that we've all been sick for a
while and so that was really sweet of
her so I'm getting that in the oven and
looking forward to getting coming home
well I had a great day at work today
there was a lawsuit and today at
mediation I was able to resolve it and
that always feels really good so I'm
giving Gloria some chocolate cake got
some chocolate cake what
spit it all out did it kind of catch you
off-guard you just want some milk it can
be a little getting what she does not
want chocolate cake you health nut is
this not good for your diet oh you only
like it with ice cream yeah yeah I'm
done cold yellow she's not one it don't
go no no I didn't think I was torturing
you did you see what I'll stick out of
the way so with her New Year's
resolutions I wanted to do something
with health and I'd been considering
doing like a marathon or a half marathon
I remember a couple years ago I ran a
half marathon with Kendra and I hate
running like I grew up playing sports I
love sports but running is just boring
Kendra loves it and so I decided to run
with her a half marathon and I loved it
you know I still drive by the roads that
her and I were training on and it brings
back good memories and also like passing
the finish line I felt like I was going
to die when we finished the race but I
felt really I felt really good too I
felt proud I felt close to Kendra it was
a neat thing that we did together and I
hope that we'll do that again someday in
the future but I didn't feel right now
like I had the time to run a marathon or
half-marathon the training takes a lot
of time because you're doing like two
hour runs you know a couple times a week
as you're getting there towards the end
but what I decided to do is the dietbet
I'm excited about this so the goal is to
lose 10% of my body weight in the next
six months I just did the weigh-in and
it's kind of embarrassing I weigh more
now than I ever have before I weighed
187 pounds one hundred and eighty seven
point eight and so the goal is at all
lose you know the almost 19 pounds over
the next six months and so I'm excited
about it it's cool to be doing it in a
game it's actually still
if you want to join in January 15th is
the deadline you can sign up and join
the game and try to lose the 10% in the
next six months I got my dad and two of
my brothers to join along and I think
that's really going to help all of us to
do it to accomplish the goal but I'm
excited about having this goal to work
towards son J house out really good who
is it tastes like it's a little sour it
tastes like lemon
