guys what are we making good gummies you
excited
all right so we are making these today
the kids are super excited I could not
figure out the Japanese instructions but
luckily I found a youtube video about
how to do it so here we are all set up
and ready to go so you squeeze it and
you pick some of it up and then you put
it in there okay
just a second let's try it let's try it
here music a name all this money per
second so it's gonna be open oh that's
it I am vlogging right now so we're very
gently trying to push it every go there
it is guys woo so nice red and yellow
okay this one you can try it
is it good alright so here is how they
turned out here's a little dolphin
that's adorable
you can also see Caleb's contributions
are over here well done gummy making
activity was awesome thank you so much
Jim and Linz Boggs I anyway the kids
have decided that we need to move to
Japan now because Japan has everything
wonderful gummy makers and I children so
we're coming dad we have a special
presentation for you what are you guys
doing you guys want to do our acting out
for him yeah apparently they're acting
something out for me I'm not sure what
it is you know what this is all girl we
are uh
hey let's end slavery in Mexico now you
have to do that because that's what
Mexico's doing yeah what are you gonna
do about it you're gonna bail okay let's
do it this is a little inaccurate
Mexico's supposed to have a big army and
Texas is supposed to have a small army
we'll be with Mexico and we're bigger
we're gonna write there we go it is
February of 1836 I am Santa Anna and we
are the Mexican army and we are coming
to San Antonio Texas to thee the Alamo
yeah all right we are coming wait what's
going on how long 12 12 there's gonna be
six I'm not fast forward this part for
you but who's gonna win the war Texas
Texas is gonna win the war and what
years are going to be and what you gonna
do about it Texas when you play your old
contributions in a gear president and
what's going to happen in 1845 number
sticker you gonna be when you join the
United States so for all you Texans out
there if you didn't know your history
now you know exactly
- sighs how it happened yeah I've acted
out the story of the Alamo at least ten
times today fewer you know this three
stay in love Texas what are they long
horn Mexican free-tailed bat and
armadillo what's the flower yeah what
are the four major rivers in the
Colorado River the Red River and Rio
Grande and yeah which one of those is
how many miles long is it one thousand
two hundred and something yeah
apparently Kendra told Isaac that one of
the things he had to do after he learned
all about Texas is to write a test for
me about Texas I know nothing about
Texas so I needed to put this in the
video so I can go back and watch it for
review I'm proud of you guys that's
exciting that you learned so much did
you just learn all of that stuff today
we're going to be learning about some
other states too right yeah oh my
goodness so some friends of ours just
came to our door and rang our doorbell
randomly out of nowhere and look what
they brought us a whole chocolate cake
and ice cream what do they say hey
and in other news I think Jeremy might
be tired we end another day and I was
thinking we had a lot of fun today with
the kids after I got home from work and
it's just not possible to capture all of
the fun moments and it's hard for me as
a vlogger like I am a perfectionist and
I want to put in all the best moments of
the day and it's just impossible so many
of the fun moments go uncaptured but
we'll remember them hopefully so tonight
we did something new when Jeremy got
home from work i confiscated his phone
and my phone and i hid them away in our
bedroom like we so intend to have the
evening time just the family time but
inevitably somebody's phone is dinging
or we have a spare second and we think
oh we can just check this and we find
ourselves distracted and multitasking
and we don't want to be multitasking
like we want to be focusing on the kids
and giving them our sole undivided
attention and so we did that tonight and
I really appreciated it so I think we're
going to do that keep doing that I think
it's a good thing it's it's hard but I
think we'll do that I mean every night
from like from the time I get home until
they're in bed we'll just take away the
phone and not look at the computers and
not you still still hold the phone back
out we've cleaned up the kitchen
together
no it's been kind of nice to be phone
free so uh yeah see if any of you are
interested in joining us in this effort
feel free it's an attempt all right
okay how's that we uploaded the video
that was shown at our wedding reception
which my sister made and we tell the
story of how we met so Jeremy and Kendra
from 10 years ago are going to share
that story with you
you
