happy Monday we have a treat for you
today
we uploaded the video that was shown at
our wedding reception which my sister
made and we tell the story of how we met
so Jeremy and Kendra from 10 years ago
are going to share that story with you
so Kendra looks exactly the same after
having four children and I look about 80
pounds less so the really skinny awkward
looking guy that's me so enjoy
tell me about the first time that you
might really the resume he met me or the
first time I met him first time but you
bet
hey I met him okay know that he made it
good so I pull up from work and I've
just barely moved in to this area so I'm
pretty excited the summer will the
spring semesters just beginning and out
of the corner of my eye I catch this
girl walking down the stairs and I've
seen her before
and notice that she is extremely
beautiful and even the possibility of
marriage is going through my mind
already and I I know that I have to
hurry because I'm just pulling in so I'm
like hitting my seat belt undone and I'm
like jumping out of the car and I jump
out and casually like walk over and
she's walking down and she's reading a
book with her head down and like how's
it going good you know I don't know if
she looked at me but she she thought I
was good looking at that point and oh
and then I asked her well what book are
you reading and she said I remember the
book it was about competition I'm like
oh that's a really interesting topic and
tried to carry on a conversation and we
came down this way and we're talking
we're talking about competition
and then I got to the point where I had
to start walking up she was walking down
and it was it was special it was a
special first time to me and I think I
really left an impression like that was
what was important I remember it at all
so do you believe that it happened you
know he's a pretty trustworthy character
so I do think it happened but I had met
Kendra earlier and I thought it went
really well
I'm emigrated off and so then I was we
were planning our first big group date
as roommates and I knew that I wanted to
take Kendra but it was going to take a
lot of guts because I had only better
that one time and
it was a memorable experience and I'm
great at all so we're all sitting right
here at this table in Jeremy we were
trying to convince Jeremy need to go ask
Kendra she was unknown to me at a time
but we finally convinced and he said yes
I'm going to do it and just do it and
I'm going down and Danny and Mark are
like standing up here watching it so it
went out marching out immediate mark
went over here and watched it went like
giving me a little prodding make some
excitement as I go down so I was sitting
at my kitchen table I was just working
on homework and it was I don't remember
what Dave's weekend it was so I was just
studying and in walks this guy and he's
like really friendly and outgoing and
he's just like kind of like ultra energy
so I thought it was like oh holy cow who
is this kid and he just starts talking
to me and he asked me out and I was just
like stunned and taken aback by that and
I didn't remember screaming ever before
and it sounded like a fun thing to do
but I just wasn't sure about my weekend
plans like things were kind of up in the
air with some other guys that I might
have been going out with and so I just
was like no and she said no and she says
no but she wanted to come because I
didn't know him like everything he
wanted he said when I didn't even know
but yeah that's the first and that's how
it all started
you
instead of kissing we would just talk to
replace and everyone swallow maybe we
would accidentally bump but wasn't it
kiss it was just and every once in a
while while I would be talking to you
there might be this accidentally bumped
no I didn't get the first
