this morning I had a couple depositions
which are basically inter breeze where
an attorneys asking you a bunch of
questions and a court reporter is typing
stuff down and you're under oath and
anything you say can and could be used
against you in front of a jury so I
guess they're a little more intense but
you know for me it's just kind of an
every day todayy thing so those
depositions went well and now I'm taking
Isaac and Elise and we're going to go
help out with Hillcrest hope it's an
amazing nonprofit here in our local
community
hey Lise you excited what are we gonna
do so this is Rachel she's the case
manager here at Hillcrest Hope and it's
been so fun getting to work with them
they have an amazing organization we
help families that don't want somewhere
else to live and so they don't have a
home so they come here to us and we give
them an apartment the parents have to go
to work and so that way they can use
their money to save so that they can get
a place of their own the hardest part is
that they don't get to do anything that
they don't absolutely need so they don't
get to get fast food or go out to eat
and their parents aren't allowed to buy
like frozen pizzas or pop or rent movies
or anything like that because they're
trying to really save all of that money
so that they have it together in place
so they're teaching people how to shop
and how to take care of themselves isn't
that amazing so this is like their
grocery store all of the families come
up here once a week and check and so we
try to be really intentional about them
taking enough food how they're going to
prepare meals and everything that they
need so we walk through with them you
know what are you going to make for
breakfast so for the next seven days
what are you gonna do for lunches do you
need to pack a lunch at work it's
amazing how there's incredible
opportunities close to where we live I
think a lot of times with service I feel
like I need to go to Africa and build a
well and give people clean water but
it's like right by my home there's this
opportunity that's doing something
amazing and I love how you guys don't
just have a food pantry it's like you're
again educating you're helping people
make those decisions so that when they
leave they continue its the give them a
fishing pole instead of a fish man salad
you got the supplies we're going down
okay can you carefully take this you
don't want it to spill let's have one of
the big people help you release come
here whoa we got a painter how the lease
are you doing it yeah thanks for helping
yep you're awesome so they installed new
windows here learning the wall to be
sanded before we painted
we finished up over there and cleaned up
the paint and look what I came home to
looks so good what is this stuff called
easy delicious chicken it's a crock pot
meal and then I just added broccoli and
tomatoes on top it's a freezer meal
right is it freezer meal and hey luck
helps me he and I had some fun times
doing puzzles and playing games and
making dinner so then you're gonna play
play play play play haters gonna hate
hate I'm just gonna shake shake shake
so we're skyping with the Kraus house
tonight they started daily vlogging
around the same time as us and it's been
cute a small family and they're also a
homeschooling family and I found them
right when we were starting and so it's
been really fun we're excited to get to
know them better some of my favorite
videos of theirs that you should watch
is they did our amazing shot challenge
that one wasn't asked he did it twice
actually we told our viewers how amazing
you guys were and that they should all
come and watch cheating sure okay so we
just got off with the Kraus house which
was awesome and now Matt Meachem is
texting that we're gonna Skype with them
so is it YouTube kind of night it's like
a double date night yes double feature
date night so we've been skyping with
Matt and N we're having a ridiculously
good time well I was like it'll just be
a quick Skype when I was texting him but
then I see their cute little faces I
have like 50 questions I want to ask and
it's so funny they're back so I got to
go
