I know I've complained a lot about the
cold recently but I do love a good
excuse to curl up next to the fire and
read together
Laura Laura where's mama hi so poor
little laura is sick and the only thing
she wants when she's awake the only
thing that keep her happy is a nap can
you say hi so we ran an errand and we
returned a library book and we picked up
this is it called ergo carrier from my
friend she's letting me borrow it for a
few days to see if I like it and if I
want to buy it
I put Laura in it right away I put her
front-facing and she just snuggled right
in towards me and I loved it
and then um she's down for her nap right
now and Caleb was being Caleb and so I
asked him if he wanted to try this and I
read the instructions and it says up to
40 pounds and I don't know how much he
weighs but he does not wait forty pounds
so I stuck him back there what do you
think of it mm apparently this is what I
should have been doing for the terrible
twos this whole last year I should just
ship them to my back and we could have
hung out huh huh huh huh all right time
to make dinner you can help me dude
the kids are playing and I am making
dinner I'm making baked ziti which is a
super easy freezer meal and it's yummy
and everybody eats it well so that's
what we're doing for dinner they made it
bigger than Caleb bigger than Lisi and
almost as big as Isaac oh it's the
tallest tower in the world are we doing
a dance
all right so we've been talking a lot
about how cold it is and being stuck
inside and we have mentioned before
operation survive the winter and we have
finalized it so our plan is to move to
Arizona
ok month well there's just more month
it's gonna be four or five weeks and
we're going to Arizona guys we're so
excited
so Jeremy's mom has a rental house
that's open for the month so we're going
to be there all three sets of
grandparents live in that area we've got
sisters the kids have cousins runs and
there's some Lightning vloggers that
we're gonna be meeting up with along the
way and what we're there so that's
exciting as well we are so excited like
the thought of going to the park with
the kids and going on adventures like
you guys might not all know this about
us but we love being outside and the
field trips and the adventures and the
learning that can take place that way
like we love getting out and doing
things and so I'm really excited to do
that in a whole new place I'm going to
be coming back during portions of the
trip because I swore and I'm going to be
working while I'm in Arizona as much as
possible he can work remotely as long as
he's got his laptop and his cell phone
so he's actually not having to take a
lot of time off to be able to do it so
we're really excited like really excited
we solve a few weeks to get ready so I
need to focus on getting things done but
it makes the cold a little bit more
bearable to know that warmth this come
in celebration of us going to Arizona we
decided to end off the vlog today we're
showing a couple clips of some of our
fun times in warmer weather when we were
outside doing exciting things so enjoy
and and get warm vibes wherever you are
the new park we've never been to before
and it is awesome
ah
oh this is gorgeous
here we are at the glass labyrinth let's
do this thing
I love being outside and watching the
kids run and explore
so here he is what do you think he's
thinking about right all right I think I
found my favorite sculpture for today
it's this one isn't it awesome the metal
tree all right what do we got here man
this is awesome up here it's a house
what do you think you you love this
slide
look there's the boys up there climbin
yay for sandbox we are headed over to
the island garden
you eat your way through the maze
hey looks like it fell no worries I got
you covered
they're awesome
okay
the real question is is if we have
another kid what are we going to name it
what would you name another kid Petra I
don't think we've talked about this
before if we had another boy what would
you name
