seriously guys it's seven degrees today
seven and all the kids are sick so it's
just to stay at home pull out every toy
that they haven't played in a long time
and play with them so we got out the
aqua doodle you guys seen these it's an
awesome toy building all sorts of things
your sparkles are going on the wall
let's see your shirt yep you sure it's
got sparkles on it
ba-bye again love shirt that is yours
pajama shirt gonna do that too I can't
get on the wall yeah it has to reflect
with the sunshine all right Kendra is
making cheesy potato soup it's really
cold out today and I was just super
craving some yummy Hardee's Jerry
Kendra's first pregnancy with Isaac she
was sick a lot and she had cravings for
one thing and one thing only like she
ate this the entire pregnant and it was
cheesy potatoes and what happened was
they didn't even realize I was doing it
each night we would kind of get home and
be like so what are you feeling and my
plague huh-huh you know it sounds good
cheesy potato soup and he was so sweet
and would make it for me or eat it and
pretend you want to pick them
I had all these other friends with
pregnant wives who were craving like
french fries and pizza and tacos and all
kinds of awesome stuff were able to also
have so the follow-up of that story is I
think we've had it maybe once since
Isaac was born we totally overdid it I
ain't gonna die she made it
like a year later and I was like oh you
know like I was like really craving it
today injury was like uh-oh and I'm like
no I'm not very good but I just really
wanted to eat this cheesy potato soup
but Jeremy I think it's still like it
was during law school and I remember
having that for lunch
Laurie gonna love it she took the first
bite she is eating normal food more and
more and she's angry when we tried to
give her baby food she's all insulted
and then when I'm a dad I'm gonna make
it for like it you know what my kids are
named what Gary and Ashlyn and Preston
hopefully your wife agrees the trends
might change by then caleb has started
an interesting discussion on baby names
Isaac is going to reveal what his kids
are going to be named good Kyle
Rachel Ryan and Cooper okay Lisa what
are you going to name your kids so what
we believe finish doing okay the real
question is is if we have another kid
what are we going to name it what do you
what would you name another kid Kendra I
don't think we've talked about this
before if we had another boy what would
you name it Joshua whoa that was quick
if you have another girl what would you
name it
what was the other name from Mora radio
Rachel Joe was the name or nickel Rachel
or Nicole
those were the contenders for Laura but
that doesn't always mean that the next
kid gets him yeah
the contenders for Isaac were gamer Matt
but he's not gay or Matt no he is not
right hear me
so if we had another baby what would you
name it whoops and then I would just
like Hendrick like whatever she wanted
so so Joshua going to call her Rachel or
Nicole I like Nicole better than Rachel
what would you name your kids Lisi I
would name it
jela and ashlynn and Caitlin and Sara
what about the boys I'm having you're
having all girls so I just spilled the
soup with my elbow down onto the ground
and the only mess that it made was that
amazingly it landed face up it's a soup
Wednesday miracle
