it's that time Jenny's headed off to
work I'm staying up at work today so I
brought my lunch bag so as it relates to
lunch I used to work at a firm with my
brother Brent and he would make fun of
me because all the other adult attorneys
would be in there eating like chicken
alfredo or some legitimate meal some
salad with like almonds and some
dressing and I'd be in there with my
fruit snacks and like a baggie of
carrots and a baggie of a peanut butter
and honey sandwich so he made fun of me
but uh my lunch was always cooler than
everybody else's it's my grandmother's
birthday she passed away four years ago
and I still think about her all the time
she was a super special person in my
life so I'm just thinking about her a
lot today and trying to take a few
moments to share memories of her with
the kids share with them some of the
wonderfulness that she was so they can
know her um we are getting back into the
groove of school 2015 guys as Chris's
birthday
Isaac's working on his self-portrait
Annelise also decided to do a summary
for it and Kayla what are you making
a what a rock very fun and I am hoping
to get a chance to sit down and paint as
well all right I know you're all super
impressed
there's my rainbow I haven't painted in
a really long time it was a lot harder
than I remembered it being but it's one
of my goals that when I do activities
like this with the kids that I actually
sit down and do it with them instead of
doing my dishes and my laundry which I
am sometimes sorely tempted to do so hey
the kids have been asking a lot of
questions about colors and how they're
made and primary and secondary colors so
we're going to now transition this
painting project to a colors experiment
once you have those alright guys what
are the primary colors okay and Isaac
what are the secondary colors green
orange and purple nice we are playing a
game we are using these foam dice I love
these things and we are each rolling a
dice and then Isaac is adding all the
four numbers together and then I'm
giving them some sort of a physical
activity that they have to do that many
times so right now they're skipping 13
times bleep they've jumped a plie they
spun and now I've got them doing stairs
and obviously I wouldn't be giving this
with them but you know Laura needs me
good job team oh she said she matched
good exercise we are heading to some
friends house tonight for the
celebration of three kings day three
kings day I don't know what that is but
it's something really neat that we're
gonna go celebrate
so um these friends of ours used to live
in France they're not French they just
live there for some of his link sunset
going on over here
Jeremy's a big fan of sunset oh this is
too
what do you guys read in food I think
that's also during the cheese and the
firm dupe hey the fondue is melted the
cheese the fondue the cheese open the
bubbles is the boiling yeah it's
steaming up the camera so it's so good I
know so this is Landon we went to law
school together
we never boring lawyer hey wake up it's
it's for international court together
those good memories yeah pretty much
Caleb's not so sure he's not sure about
the cheese how about you Isaac what do
you think I don't love it
yes most cheese's Laura thinks that she
wants in hello okay so I'm putting on
the broccoli the ham and the bread in
triple red cheesy goodness this is rude
you're just making all the viewers
hungry on you lemons gonna explain to us
what this holiday is and when they were
come into the house they saw the young
child with Mary his mother and fell down
and worshiped him and when they had
opened their treasures they presented
unto Him yes what are the gifts nailed
it okay so when the gonna dig walk this
is something that did you guys catch
that it's the funding that I say right
what is it exactly
yeah they walk so it's a cake a Kings
cake cake of the Kings okay which is
where we got a crown on here exactly so
this is what they do in France to
celebrate epiphany which is on the
liturgical or Catholic calendar the day
traditionally that the Kings visiting
Jesus
I will cut up the cake step1 step2
mr. Caleb gets to go under the table
what here's the catch inside the cake
there's a hidden piece it's called in
French estate of Feb exactly that's a
toy I personally find
ceramic piece gets to be the king and
something I learned to show the 12 days
of Christmas yeah this is the Internet
actually the 12 days of Christmas start
after Christmas okay Caleb who's next
hey brain all right Caleb who's next
your Big Brother Big Brother I think
that might be it you guys look don't you
take a really heart by it yeah I think I
found the porcelain toy then there's a
surprise toy inside yes this is the best
kind of cake ever is the king I found
the magic King what's it called again
the Frog and I found the fence Hey
