good morning hello hubby Debbie here
woke up earlier than everybody else as
usual but this ended love that of course
the sentiment of why would you wait for
the Sun to come up we've tried to set
that as like a rule like Caleb when the
Sun comes up you can come out he doesn't
care about that I'll try to put a rack
to bed like I'll go in and come up with
all these schemes and flames you know
let's just play that one together and he
ends up just like jumping on my face so
this is the third night in a row that I
have had shaycarl dreams do have you
guys up shaycarl terms of this this is
proof but even my subconscious is a
fangirl apparently of shaycarl it's kind
of ridiculous but the dream last night
they moved in next door Shay and Colette
and their kids and they were like
putting on a puppet show for the
neighborhood and they were super nice
neighbors and like halfway through the
dream I was like where's my camera I
need to be vlogging this that's pretty
awesome so apparently I'm watching a
little too much YouTube did isaac wink
at what you're up a little bit early
what do you want bud you want some
cereal you want a bagel how you feeling
you weren't feeling too good when you
went to bed last night okay good just a
little bit all right all right so you
know we've been talking about New Year's
resolutions in today's that first Monday
after the holidays after Christmas after
New Year's and so hopefully we can get
it going as planned okay well I'm off to
work I'll see you guys
no one cares he'll agree hi here Oh
whatever man wait together whazzup so
we've been introducing Laura to baby hey
Laura
Nora can you sign eat eat there it is
seriously we've been doing it flike a
day with her she's just picking it up
and it's adorable
yeah her being a sign language so when
Brent and Michelle's family woke up this
morning their heater had gone out and
it's like 9 degrees outside today it's
like really cool so they are over here
hanging out with us the kids are trying
out me ping-pong awesomesauce you're
excited
now I say pick up Picabo the so funny
Caleb show speak a bit where's Caleb
peekaboo
alright this little guy is not feeling
good let me see if I can entertain them
a little bit one of the things Isaac
loves to do is amazing shots with done
okay so I'm going to spin it from my
mouth into the bowl you think I can make
it super close
oh yeah I just can't figure out why
we're all getting sick in our family and
like why germs are spreading so
apparently all these like connected to
Trader Joe's somehow it's just kind of a
different shopping experience here I'm
looking at fruit cocktail I like the
ones that are 100% juice and it says
that that is 89 cents seems a little bit
of money here's sandwich bread oh you
also find totally random things here
so now after I check out I have to bag
the groceries which is totally fine when
I'm by myself when I have the kids this
is when they're melting down
I'll then today I really am excited with
this new year to be trying to save money
and just all the little small ways and I
know that this is nothing compared to
what a lot of people do to save money
just I feel like this last year with
having our fourth baby we've really been
in survival mode and like we've done
fine with our budget but it hasn't been
our top priority because it was more
about staying sane time to reap turn my
cart and get my quarter back this little
bundle of goodness is being so right now
Dada Dada Dada Dada she's just like all
over the place no she's all over me okay
she's at climbing and crawling look
we're hanging out he was like 30 minutes
ago I had tried to put her down fail
yeah that dog hi he say hi
I think the way I'm laying is perfect
for my double journey
I think so too are you gonna sit up
higher yeah that helped okay so the
winter is really cold and we don't get
out and do as much fun stuff as we did
before
it's sad we're already starting to feel
cabin fever and it's only the beginning
of January
yeah just started well we have a secret
sauce solution of our sleeves Oh
unorthodox plan I guess not it just for
maybe our why shouldn't say too much
anyway so um we haven't finalized our
plans yet but we have plans operation
survive winter is is in the works anyway
so I hope that you guys are warmer than
we were today and we should try saying
it in unison ready 1 2 3
Jay hello sir hello man your turn
oh fuck New Year's revelations I right
miss Elise what are your new year's
resolutions at the college
