picking your nose um anyway alright so
we took down the Christmas tree do not
seeing better above this level I've done
some lawsuits with ladders I think
you're just gonna have to go up and
Stefan that's funny - no I'm just a
couple inches short this did you get it
yeah does it tighten up in there
something like fall down yes all the way
let's see yeah we were running on two
light bulbs there for a little bit yeah
so Bora is napping now which means it's
kind of a down time for everybody Jeremy
took down the Christmas lights outside
and now he's working on editing
something I'm working on my meal
planning for the week hoping to get kind
of back on track on some of those things
so usually when I look at a week I plan
three or four freezer meals and then I
try to do two or three really budget
friendly meals and I need some more
ideas for that I'm doing the puzzle
you're doing that puzzle and you wear I
don't know if I keep turning them around
look let's show them the ones you did
already oh you did a train and which one
like a firetruck
okay let's go see what Isaac and Elise
are up to I had them clean up their room
and oh here they are
what are you guys up to somebody's get
and bigger what are you in you beg him
for snacks from your brothers and sister
and here's a nice move hi you having a
little bit of a pretzel mm mm mm so this
was one of my Christmas gifts table
tennis to go Jeremy was all romantic
when he gave it to me and he was like I
just wanted to get us a game so we could
have more quality time together
oh wait we didn't tell them he didn't
shave he trimmed it I thought I'd try a
little trim it a trim on there oh good
it's long enough how does it here and
you got a net what let's do it
okay I'm rule no hitting the lights no
that's like extra point and Emily didn't
get it on to the other side no no no no
get those pants on this is intense
ping-pong got your pants on
we're going to 15 okay so Heather's
winning 6-2 for real a what
I'm sure it is time out Laura's crying
I'm gonna go take care of her so Kendra
doesn't know I'm playing left-handed
it's always a great trick because I can
actually try pretty hard and it's still
fun for me and it's totally fun for her
right who's here
I got a helper no are we busy
sleep sleep I want to bake peanut are
you dis Jack Daniel K this will be like
what no way she's my superpower this is
like being a handicapped person look
that's good if I don't know a lot of
people on the block I'm sorry I feel
like this isn't really a fair
competition of skills okay okay 10 - 14
- yes historically we've done a really
good job of date nights even when we had
little babies I can really made a
priority of doing stay-at-home date
nights or finding babysitters but this
last year was really hard I think adding
the fourth baby it was hard to find
babysitters that we really felt
comfortable with a are really trying
this year we already have gone out on
two dates well this is our third and
then this is our first step on January
3rd and we're through out of roll three
Oh give her an apple she just wants it
so bad
can't you like not on it a little bit Oh
she'll jump on it you can give her
something that she can have like a
banana Jonathan and oh can you say J
how's out hey there was oh oh so
what J us out
good night mm-hmm wait we got to do it
again that was just like so creepy what
do i do at work how do I get money or
engage for ass
