good morning it is New Years Eve today
and I am headed into the grocery store I
am grabbing some last-minute things that
I need to go to a party tonight and I
actually haven't decided what I'm taking
it so that's no good but the kids had a
playdate this morning and I got to have
the morning to myself
get ready without interruptions it was
nice so we're set up for a good day so -
such a treat to be grocery shopping by
myself I've just been walking along the
aisles and realizing how different my
cart is right now coming into the new
year than it was right before Christmas
like my cart is mostly produce and some
hummus and other things and right before
Christmas it was like goodies and treats
and it's just funny on my way to the
register to check out and look what I
see
look it's a pet snack launcher
anyway we obviously don't have a pet but
I immediately thought of Caleb and my
kids and how much fun they would have if
we use the snack launcher for them oh my
goodness is freezing out there my hands
are like icicles
you can hear him just going crazy look
at that look at the birds
you
this is so cool they're everywhere well
bird poo coming through hook barely
missed me
what's your favorite from Panda Express
do they just have the normal like sweet
and sour chicken like they used to
let's see it thank you so much happy new
year
YUM
want the outside of the Chinese food
kick up is that I don't have french
fries to steal out of the bag on my
drive home that's okay cuz I really
would prefer Chinese food over a
hamburger and fries most nights okay so
I haven't given him any specific
instructions on how to use the
chopsticks I wanted to see what they
would do all right go ahead
ah the least that was pretty amazing big
girl are you Japanese hmm this is a
classic two-handed beard method pretty
good Kayla pretty good and I think there
goes some chicken on the floor still
good
so these training chopsticks are really
cool but it's going to take some
practice to get used to them the
faceplant method start with that ha ha
you're so clover see yeah let's see your
manoeuvre I did never understand rice
with Josh it was just not really easy
good thing the rice is sticky yeah I
think this should be my diet plan for
the new year
I will only eat with chopsticks mmm
you will lose a lot of weight at this
rate yes I'm trying to get this one
piece of chicken you will eat very
little rice now we are headed over to a
friend's house a bunch of friends are
getting together with their kids and we
are going to play games and eat yummy
food and you have a part that you want
to repeat over and over in our course
alright oh this is very low and under
the building and you're going to be
locked in there okay Tong anybody
gobble-gobble oh you got one you said
sound we should I think okay so what's
going on back here what are you good at
doing good we're trying the same every
new year anyway okay that's you're a
funny way yeah someone was a little bit
scary Caleb you got a funny happy mood
it's way past his bedtime so this is
where the party really is is downstairs
Wow
so we're doing a mock midnight for the
kids it's gonna be fun
so we got back from the party and the
kids were exhausted yeah they're not
used to 10:00 p.m. it didn't do very
good for them it was a little bit rough
but hopefully they'll sleep well and now
Jeremy I'll sleep in I'll be nice that
tends to not happen though when we get
them to bed late they often wake up
early well we can hope so anyway now
that we've got the kids to bed Jeremy
night aren't drinking what would drink
every New Year's which is Martinelli's
sparkling apple cider is they do they
call it apple cider anyway this one's
apple pear that's what we're drinking
tonight
and I also bought us a ghost instead are
you sure I also bought for our treat
tonight these gourmet cupcakes I'm
excited about this one with the peanut
butter yeah so there's a peanut butter
cup a red velvet this one's a raspberry
it's a white cake with a raspberry
frosting this one's the chocolate
addiction so it's like dark chocolate
with chocolate on top
this one's just like birthday cake and
this one is an almond it's an almond
cake with almond frosting and I'm
actually really excited about that one -
for lunch we we did run one of them at
lunch it was called salted caramel are
you most excited about the red velvet
which one a most excited about mmm I'm
actually most of the time I'm a
chocolate girl but I'm really excited to
try the almond one I don't like I love
almond poppy seed cupcakes that's kind
of the only thing I can think of that
would be similar to that so I'm excited
so we're gonna count down and enjoy our
new years together so happy new years
yeah we're excited about 2015 we're
going to do another vlog soon about our
New Year's resolutions and chat about
all of that
so anyway Happy New Year
you going down
