she's really getting old walking back
and forth she's doing it she's just
dying like a little cherry when I just
pop you did it come out and juice your
head yeah I think be careful juice you
something stick because I in everywhere
Oh Caleb once you tell me that lemon
juice water is your favorite is my fav
lemon juice really because it's really
healthy for you to drink a little bit
every day but it's kind of sour what's
right yeah hmm it might make your lips
go sour are you sure it's still your
favorite no it's not my thing not your
favorite the kids are having fun with
granny Joe and Papa teeth this
get a full article here guns we have to
blow and you would actually get she
follow me
oh she sucked she stopped dagger stop
now you actually just omit the other
hand oh yeah
can you do a see me follow Laura alright
so we're going into Walgreens to look
for some makeup to do our three minute
makeup tutorials we're hoping to film
those today it should be fun
yes oh so hopefully Walgreens has
something cheap enough we were nervous
about destroying our real makeup well
looks like there's a lot of options not
just we're coming to a place called
amazing play but let the kids have some
fun
going down
we're up in the amazing place sky maze
she's a little nervous but she's a brave
girl gonna go with me
okay go ahead
you did it all by yourself those are
first time by yourself and then I get
all them so Kendra for the first time
put Laura's hair up in a little alright
so we decided to go to Red Robin for
dinner tonight bottomless french fries
it's it's so near except you leave
feeling like anything to make french
fries and what's wrong with you yeah we
love dipping the fries in the campfire
sauce that's definitely a highlight for
us we're having to wait for about 15
minutes for our table which is not a big
deal to us but some little people in our
life take its hands with a meal and
brand Michelle are being antisocial all
the way over there by themselves that he
does
we aborted caleb is just miserable the
weight was shared taking like 15 minutes
longer than they had told us and so know
we've been waiting for 30 minutes
already we haven't even gotten to our
seats and then once you get there you
stuff like wait for your food become and
he's like laying on the ground of the
restaurant like and I asked him to want
to go home and just get some milk and
he's like so she's going to go we're
going to go in and do Red Robin I'll
bring you some bottomless fries okay so
I went with the bonds ideal chicken my
mom went with the fish yumminess we got
a what you get
the guacamole burger and then we always
dip the french fries in the fries sauce
who are you getting a balloon okay so we
were just on Twitter and we saw Jared
and Ellie posting that they were gonna
be on twitch playing this game which I
think it's called Just Dance
anyway I've never wanted a gaming system
in my life like I've been anyway we
don't have anything like that but this
makes me totally want to own one they're
dancing so we decided we're gonna do it
with them all right they're dancing it's
going this is awesome where are you how
are you very seductive Wow so you're the
blue ones on the red one
oh it's very seductive it is what do you
think should we get this system this one
owned it pretty weird
wait are you doing this girl and I'm
getting the other people I'm you mix oh
you're my backup dancer I'm here holding
closer to me along I think you
eventually learns
okay this tetris song is the coolest
thing I've ever seen
