hi this is Kendra from Jay house and I'm
excited to share my makeup routine this
morning we were tagged by Austin jest
vlogs by the whole bear-like crew I just
really enjoy putting on my makeup so
we'll go ahead and get started alright
so today I'm going to give you a three
minute tutorial for a nice makeover
because I know sometimes we don't have
time for makeup but really you do
hi I'm Michaela and today I'm going to
be showing you my daily makeup routine I
feel like every morning before I go to
work I need to get my makeup on and you
can just rub it all over so let's start
on the cheek it helps if you straighten
out your face with your other hand
what's unique about my makeup plan is I
start with my lipstick and I like to
just add a lot of color to different
places on my face to really highlight
the different contours of of my face
shape it just gives your face the color
that you wanted you're just going to
turn your foundation over nope not the
pout not the puff I'm in the bottle
we're going to turn the bottle over so
it gets onto the cup there we go right
over thank you gift yes it helps to fit
the foundation and I love it really
helps a lot now
there we go that's it up and up good
mascara is really fun
try that scared you really tricky this
usually type a little color on eyelid
what should I choose green no pink green
pink
let's do pink first and it really helps
to bring out your eyes especially if you
like dark or light eyes it's really
helpful occasionally I like to do a
different color on different eyes
because that just makes me unique and we
really challenging to put on makeup when
you have a ticklish personality so you
just have to kind of run with it and
make it makes a difference if I didn't
exist ain't about who you are if it's
things that you so chicken it can do it
good job when you're working teaching
school and the children will feel good
about what you're doing and you just
want
with a couple totes eyeliner that I like
to use is very thin that's not it right
next to the eyelash curler keep waiting
oh there it is highlighted I really like
to work on my eyelashes though I don't
know if they usually pop and so I
actually wear fake some people like it
next to the eyelashes but I like it
under and below so that makes your eyes
look bigger it doesn't really matter if
it's the same color as long as they're
really bright colors because it really
helps your facial stop
sometimes I just let it all out with a
finger painting session on my face and
hope for the best
it's a quick little back and forth on
the teaser - all right now I'm probably
ready for word thank you
so there we have it there's just my
normal makeup routine
three minutes can really do a lot so if
you like this three minute tutorial
check out our other tutorials on how to
do hair rollers we are going to tag Matt
and M and Bonnie and Joel and Sam and
Mia and hiya we're excited to see your
daily makeup look
all right so that was our dream of the
challenge
ah
