did we forget to put something over it
or put it away come here and let me tell
you what happened let me tell you what
happened come here no that's not quite
what happened did with a kid yeah it was
probably wasn't a very good idea huh
yeah thanks for being so forgiving you
guys about it you have to not mess up
we're giving the kids some eggnog to see
what they think I believe we've had it
before but not since last year which
that changes in like a year tactic
oh sorry did I give the wrong colored
cups in it here it goes
it's like a milkshake doesn't tickle
your mouth so I don't mind like one sip
of eggnog but past that it's just really
rich like one sip I'm like clones it's
the season but I have friends that
always do half and half where it's
happening like half milk and you mix it
up oh I can see that being better so
Lindsey from Jim and Lynsey Foggs was my
very first youtube friend and she and I
met and just had an immediate connection
she has four little kids and it's just
an amazing mom and I just enjoyed
getting to know her so we decided to
celebrate Christmas this year exchanging
boxes to each other's kids so um you can
go over to her Channel and see what we
sent to their kids where did this box
come from do you guys remember and you
guys remember which friends it came from
yep to say hello and Japanese is catchy
wha-what is it get up to Nietzsche
community there's presence in her she
will have one right now
well guys look there's cards this to
Caleb let's see
- Isaac boot please
well which we don't know exactly what
they are just read the back
he's neat UI okay look it looks like
your names are written in Japanese under
it when you car when you first open it
it's kind of like a purse it's kind of
like a bird it's so fun this is like a
whole near modern version of penpal
package with love from Japan so these
are dummy makers so you make your own
dummies and these are chopsticks for us
to learn how to use chopsticks with and
hyeju and origami paper oh my goodness
do they stay at the jailhouse we don't
pay allowance yet and we don't pay our
kids for chores we just haven't really
entered that realm but each christmas so
far we've let the kids have an
opportunity to earn some money through
doing extra chores so that they can use
that money to go buy gifts for jeremy
and i and their siblings what you're
doing cubby washing the windows and
mugga and at least are cleaning out the
cupboards and Isaac and I are going to
get started on ours Wow
you're gonna find a present for me
showing what you'd shown what you found
for Isaac and Lizzy she's gonna love it
is that doc McStuffins he's gonna love
it yeah good job
uh-oh well I don't want to see I'm gonna
close my eyes okay that would call you
but Isaac what do you think elese will
want you think about Elyse and Kayla
you're gonna get something for who know
we're buying stuff for other people
right now not for guess what you you
know what you want anything got you one
yeah you're gonna open them on Christmas
very late we're all trying to hide their
gifts from each other guys excited that
kids away you love chick-fil-a it's my
favorite okay let's go and eat
one time it was really crowded in the
kid area and there were a bunch of kids
and a bunch of dads in there and Jeremy
went in to try to get our kids to leave
and he was like guys you need to come
and they were like oh we don't really
want to
they weren't throwing fits yet though
and then out of his pocket he whips a
packet of honey like like a ketchup
packet but a packet of honey he's like
you come home then tomorrow we will make
toast of your honey on it and they were
like oh like burning our shoes on and
left and all the other dudes standing
Italy
what Nora pingzhi hi yeah okay yeah so
she's been mushed kids playing in the
play place and she just wants to be in
there like she's going car she's like
squealing Laura you see Isaac she says
get me out of here because we need to
get on a real toy airplanes can kick you
guys were saying goodbye to Papa hey big
call this the nurse wave thanks for
coming
love you guys yeah hey she's doing it oh
my goodness this little girl just want
to eat up her cuteness
you
you
