happy 1000 happen uh it's a little bit
like a cake okay
I got carried away with the music and
the celebration of it all
sorry kids they wanted to eat some of
this cake I'll have to make him another
cake we're gonna have to get to 2,000
subscribers pretty quick cuz we need
another cake alright even though that
was a thousand subscriber dance party
cake fail yeah that was pretty bad we're
still really grateful to have a thousand
subscribers so thank you all so much we
really have enjoyed being on YouTube but
our favorite part of the experience has
definitely been the relationships that
we're building with other youtubers and
subscribers as we interact with you guys
on YouTube and Twitter and Instagram and
Facebook it's just been amazing to build
these friendships so thank you we're
glad we're friends over these last three
months we've had many of you send us
messages and comments that have really
touched us and have really meant a lot
to us
and inspired us so it's been a blessing
for us to bring you along with us on our
adventure with having our four little
kids and raising our family and opening
up about our thoughts and feelings about
life and getting your response that's
one of the things I've loved about this
in YouTube is the interaction that we're
able to have and to all be a part of a
family together Jay how's that Jay house
Oh Jay house out that was unplanned
