so I had a mini Christmas meltdown last
night our family has been sick for
almost a week it was six days of the six
of us taking turns having the stomach
bug and my house is a wreck and our
routines are just completely off and I'm
tired and Christmas is only eight days
away and last night all that realization
just like fell on me at once and I just
was thinking about the December that I
wanted to have and all the fun stuff I
wanted to do with the kids and all the
magical memories that we wanted to make
and I haven't even started our Christmas
shopping and just the stress really got
to me
so a lease came up with a fun idea we
are going to see what letters we can
make out of these different strips I
know I often show you his menacing side
but this boy is as sweet as they come
what are you doing Caleb are you
sleeping why are you sleeping
oh so Laura won't get them I thought you
were gonna sweep for me they're goose
so do a rap or not
hey I'm over here guys
we're in trouble the current countdown
is nine days till Christmas I'm not
ready I'm not ready at all I say I'm not
ready by that I mean we are not ready
but let's be honest that means that I'm
not ready because I do all of it I'm
feeling like I'm going to have a massive
anxiety panic attack breakdown about
this like so as a mom it's my job to
make the holidays magical that's my job
it's my job to have it like decorated
magical and like have magical food
didn't have a magical president and like
have like this like aura about the
entire house that kind of feels a little
bit like the tooth fairy and I just
can't get it like I'm almost feeling
like it would take a Christmas miracle
to get this family ready for Christmas
I'm actually feeling better today I was
able to have my meltdown and get it off
my chest and realize that yes this
Christmas is not going to be perfect
it's not going to be exactly the way
that I envisioned it being in my head
but right now the biggest thing is
standing in the way of us having those
family magical memories is me and my
stress and me trying to cram it all in
so I needed to simplify like there's
things that are just not gonna be able
to happen this year focus on what
matters most and what matters most is me
being present with my children and our
house being a place where we can enjoy
those moments together and where we can
make those family memories and what we
can think about Christ I just needed to
remember again that I just need to let
go of that idea of this perfect mom or
this perfect holiday season and instead
embrace reality and relax and focus on
enjoying the time with my little kids
and making the most of the moments that
we have together and prioritizing just
certain traditions and really cherishing
those and it's just a good reminder like
I think I just send somebody that tries
to hang on to trying to do so much and I
just can't I have to let it go we're
doing it I have to let it go let it go
let it go turn away from the perfect
Christmas I don't care what the
Pinterest boards say I'm just gonna
relax and have me a merry little
Christmas did I just do that and I hope
that all you other Mama's are just
dealing with this dress a lot better
than I was yesterday and headed into
target to start my Christmas shopping so
at this point I feel like I've been in
Target forever you can get lost in here
or easily distracted time for me to head
home and
it's been nice to get out though it's
been nice to have a moment to myself and
to get some stuff across off my list I
did it success I think my Christmas
shopping is now well underway I need to
buy this a few things online and oh it
just feels so much better good reminder
for me that when I have a complete
emotional breakdown I just need to find
a way to get out and get some stuff done
it's a miracle worker and right I just
remembered a bunch of stuff I forgot Oh
