hey this is Kendra from Jay house and
I'm going to tell you about some of the
books that we are enjoying this
Christmas season the first one on the
list is Mortimer's Christmas manger by
karma Wilson and it is the story of a
mouse who lives in a house and he
discovers the nativity set and he
discovers the soft warm bed of the
manger and so he moved baby Jesus out of
the manger and curls up and is living in
this nativity set but then he hears the
story of the first Christmas and
realizes what the nativity set is and he
gives the bed back to Jesus and it's
just this really sweet simple Christmas
story so he's a prayer and then he
founded in your bread house deriving the
next one up is an older book that I read
for the first time this year I had never
heard of it before it's mr. Willoughby's
Christmas tree by Robert berry and it is
the story of a wealthy man who buys a
huge Christmas tree but it's still big
it doesn't quite fit in the room that he
has for it so he chops off the very top
and he gives that leftover topic the
tree into someone else
well that made I believe it is takes it
up to her house but it's a little bit
too tall for her house so she chops off
the top and gives it to somebody else
and it's amazing to watch the story of
this Christmas tree that just keeps
giving and giving and giving and all the
peoples that lives are blessed and the
happiness that is brought into their
lives by this tree it was Jenna's
Christmas tree and it's too big and and
he got to share it next up is the
carpenters gift a Christmas tale about
the Rockefeller Center tree and it is by
David ruble and it is the story of a
very poor family that was in the 1930s
and they lived in this little shack and
one Christmas morning they wake up to
people building them a home and it's the
story the really tender sweet story of
this family's appreciation for that gift
and how they give back
the kids and I just really enjoyed it
when he heard uh-huh
down these people delve in here in their
house and then he lived in a house the
next three are kind of silly we just
laugh at him um this one is called how
Santa got his job and it's by Steven
Krinsky and it goes through Santa's life
before he was Santa Claus and how he had
all these different jobs that he worked
at that all ultimately prepared him to
be the best Santa Claus ever and it's
just hilarious
I think it's one of those books that as
an adult you can find really
entertaining and the kids like it too so
we also have Mary on Christmas by Mike
Reiss rice not sure how to say that but
is the story of this little girl that
lives in Christmas town and it is
Christmas 364 days a year there and she
gets so bored of Christmas and there's
this one magical day every year that's
not Christmas and I just the kids and I
just laugh about it and I think it's a
good reminder this time of year when we
are enjoying the magic of the season and
we kind of think oh I wish every day
could be Christmas but this shows us to
appreciate the small things in our lives
and it's just it's a funny book cute
concept this is a funny book and it
always makes me laugh and I love it
because every day it's Christmas Day and
and she doesn't like it and this last
one is called Christmas tree by Wendell
and Florence Minor and it is a book that
we have been reading at for years it's a
really short simple book which was great
when my kids were younger and didn't
have a super long attention span but it
just finds all sorts of different
Christmas trees and I just I've always
really enjoyed it he show me your
favorite one is that a clown Christmas
tree yeah they're like
those are some of the books that our
family is enjoying this year we're
drawing tons of others but I won't bore
you with all the details so I hope that
your family is able to read a lot and
snuggle next to my Christmas tree those
are some of my favorite memories and
times with my kids so Merry Christmas
happy reading and we'll see you next
year this book is called going places by
Peter and Paul rental I loved it and the
reason I loved it is because of the
impact it had on our family
