laura is nothing and Isaac is reading
and Elise and Caleb are decorating
Christmas cards for the family that
we're taking our gifts to this afternoon
all right Caleb there it is can you make
an e star like it's this one right here
okay
oh my goodness isn't he okay are you
ready for a bee yeah there's a bee this
is how you make a be this one right here
it's like oh it does look kind of like
an O huh so right here little breeze
this is like oh it is a lot like a No
hey but Abby Abby has two bumps so do
another one
there it is guys his first bee came on
you wrote your name he's about ready to
finish up a whole section show on the
page you're working on today it's guy's
Christmas I know
yep so there's his work today it's
pluses and minuses whoo all right cubby
let's go read what you found more force
at least you're doing great
what do you see
so I put this mirror down on its side
just to see what would happen with Laura
Elise we did this with Elise when she
was about this age and she loved it
what are you guys doing what are you
doing mom
Oh your transformer that's now
transforming into a frog and I'm a tree
one-and-two a dog awesome it's a dog and
the mom holding the babies your baby
trying to go to sleep please you're such
a nice mom Elise what you get for the
family that we adopted you guys perfume
an easel and perfume
here's the easel that we got 400 thanks
buddy I wanted to tell you what a
wonderful thing you are doing for us
because what we do is we help other boys
and girls and mommies and daddies that
don't have the great things you have
they don't have beds to sleep on they
don't have pillows so what you're doing
is you are helping them you have a
Christmas because they don't have money
to have a Christmas I've been able to
get to know really well this family that
I'm working with right now who is facing
eviction and is facing homelessness come
January 1 and there's children involved
and it's just been a great reminder of
how blessed we are to have the things
that we do and a reminder to reach out
to those in need
so this nonprofit organization is really
neat they take families in and they try
to help educate them like they give
really strict guidelines it's a 90 day
program where they'll bring them into
housing they make sure that they're
working and they teach them how to
budget and how to use our funds so that
they can be on their own
somebody doesn't want her soup or even
foam roll whoa
she must not be feeling well you know oh
that's no fun I'm sorry I'm feeling good
or not so with four kids life does get
pretty complicated when there's throw-up
in the kitchen I got to make sure that
the babies buckled in I'm going to clean
this up real quick and then we're going
to go run some errands Kendra's in with
the lease cleaning her off and getting
her settled down for the night
Jeremy just got back with the kids and
this little guy definitely has a fever
he ran up to give me a hug and I was
like oh yeah he's feverish but I wanted
to show you our setup here's six station
Lisi how you feelin no good
there's her big bowl and this is the
shower curtain anyway
I'm gonna go take care of my little
people good night J house
