you take care of me and I analyse okay
like a dad there's mom if she comes so
here's our ornaments this morning and
here's the bottom of the tree and we
just had another talking to to Caleb
about where the ornaments stay where do
they stay I just trained on this tree we
do not take them off okay here's a sorry
so this little sweetheart discovered the
tree this morning pulled off her first
ornament trying to put it back on we're
trying to see how long we can keep all
the balloons in the air
you know what the kids like Oh dick ass
alright alright we're headed into
Walmart I know all of us what happened
to Lawrence please sure anyway let's
okay let's get apart so we are here to
get some presents for our family that we
adopted for Christmas the mom put some
perfume on her wish list and I have no
knowledge of perfume
yikes yikes we have discovered the
scratch and sniff stickers and that was
the best whole wall no we're not buying
any play-doh today put it back
why because today because today we are
going to get a fine large American Gong
q does oh my gosh I really want this
isn't that fun all those inflatables we
survived we made it your Walmart I think
we got we got the gifts we needed today
but we didn't do the other like 50% of
things that I wanted to get but we all
are alive and happy and now it's
lunchtime and nap time hopefully he just
was like walking up and I looked down
and I see his socks I'm like what
happened so he's gonna go throw those
away in the trash right now go eat some
socks on the don't have holes in them
funny something did you just steal one
of my vegetables
baby you can see pu.1 goodness you're
all dressed in green today does that
mean that your Grinch this is good
another vegetable thing mmm my goodness
you got to keep close tabs on your
vegetables in this town Isaac any lease
and I are going to play
and get our schoolwork then today was a
super fun day at work I settled a case
which is always a big deal and resolved
another case so I mean just getting
stuff done feels really exciting it
makes you excited to go back to work the
next day it helps to come home to some
yummy food and this hottie Magoo
we're having chicken lo mein freezer
millwright of course everything I cook
is a freezer move so Kendra just
informed me that she went to Walmart
today with all four of the kids which I
mean we do occasionally but it's a
different beast at Christmastime like
it's like so busy hi people give us
funny looks even when we're together -
and I think we look really young sets
like oh those teen bring young with your
beard anymore well now that I look so
old we don't get those looks in any
morning anyway I was telling him this
one lady stopped me she was like this
cute little lady and she said you have
the three cutest children I've ever seen
and I looked at her and I just found
they said which one do you not like and
she looked down and caleb was kind of
like stuffed beast between stuff in the
cart and she said oh how could you leave
out caleb is just funny did you go - mmm
you know even while she was sick this
time she was pretty smiling and happy
through a lot of her not feeling well
she's definitely on the mend though she
has been a trouper if I understanding
the game correctly they just got a point
for locking their dad in a room it
really locked in there hey Jimmy they're
really tricked you thanks for the shirt
yeah yeah right let's go I'm going to
tell you a story let's go to them I
think I went running in and Isaac was
running back me they just shut the door
and locked it up where I got a point
three points well that's how we put him
to bed away so Kendra just came up to me
and asked me to hide the gingerbread
cookies I bought these today when we
were at Walmart it's like almost gone
you're gonna get sick I know what like I
can't eat anymore
there's just my ex amps up I have no
self-control hide them take them from me
can I gotta hide him somewhere good I
know just this
I know the kids won't get in there she's
not going to get in there until at least
tomorrow night
so it's a good spot we're having a crazy
night tonight with the kids what is that
a sticker yellow paint battle paper hmm
mom's gonna love that well I'm glad you
found that okay yeah Oh Jacob Oh
