you found a beautiful rock show me I'm
coming a beautiful rock that you found
you found a football and hockey and you
found a stick you found a lot of balls
so you've been out here digging uh-huh
and looking for stuff I was gone this
morning at my freezer group and so I
came home with I think eight or ten
different freezer meals that we're going
to eat there's some new ones that I'm
excited about we're putting up some
Christmas lights we're going to have it
like go up over our door archway here we
could pay like a lot of money to have
someone come put it up on the roof I've
had some experiences in the past on
roofs that didn't end so well we'll tell
you about it another time
those little kids faces are gonna light
up when they see those when we drive up
tonight
okay we got a package from our good
friends Jim and lens and they live in
Japan you're right on there's the United
States of America oh there we are
Isak show us where Japan is there's
Japan wait over there what is it you
have a show me what is it what is this
thing hmm
hey guys what kind of flavor do you
think your candy is my Apple I think
mine is great kind of what kind is yours
I'm strawberry Laura
did you like that give me some fat you
milk ah look so yummy oh right it is
called hide shoes oh good you like it
you're my new favorite I know candy well
thank you so much Jimin Lynn Swann this
was awesome all right so I dropped all
the kids off up at the theater where
Isaac is gonna be performing with the
choir
oh you whining come on let's go get him
but there's the lights the kids were
super excited when they saw him so I'm
glad I put him up and even Caleb tonight
when he was saying his prayer for our
food he was grateful that we put
Christmas lights up outside do you guys
want to know why Jeremy doesn't want to
put lights up on the roof that's kind of
an embarrassing story so a few years ago
we had a freak like wind moment here in
Missouri it happens we're in tornado
alley sue and our inflatable baby pool
got literally sucked up and stuck on our
roof and we were living in a duplex at
the time and it was like a really steep
roof and so I just went up to get the
pool off the roof when I went out of
this second-story window I had like
shorts on and flip-flops I was like no
big deal I've been up on roofs before
but then after I threw the pool down
I had to come back down off the roof and
it was steeper than he'd anticipated and
I didn't have the right clothes on and
it was wet so I was stuck I was just
like I've litigated cases where people
fall off roofs and I was just like I'm
not gonna try so Kendra throw me up some
pants throw me some shoes and Kendrick
couldn't even get it up at him like I
kept throwing and it just Jeremy's like
this isn't getting anywhere so we called
Brent who lived around the corner his
brother epic phone conversation like I
just distinctly remember hey Brent are
you busy Jeremy stuck on the roof and he
just like busted up laughing he's like
uh yeah and then he came and the first
he did was take a good picture of me
stuck on the roof hmm and then he helped
him down they threw like an extension
cord over and one
so that's why I will not be putting
lights up on my roof anytime soon is
because you could get stuck up there
