giggles LG's gone away so what's the
right tip I've got oh my gosh what is
this we is learning this oh my gosh what
you did
what gentle squirt Caleb what did you
squirt we were eating this candy candy
candy so you have ketchup and you're
pretending you're not bleeding I thought
someone was dead whether our paints is
on our walls
it doesn't just clean off like we'll
have to repaint here at some point but
that's how half of our house is already
to them yeah Exhibit B we can show about
20 other exhibits
and first I thought this was a lease up
here because of the clothes what are you
eating bud do you have marshmallows do
you think you're allowed to have those
put them back okay yeah put them back up
there come on we got to put it away you
know let's just just set them down right
in here put them back in the bag
oh my gosh how many marshmallows have
you eaten sometimes we wonder why he's
crazy
energized he comes in he Pat's
marshmallow right here stick them in
here but cubby no no you don't love
buddy no no no you don't get a foot one
yeah no no we're done with the
marshmallows come on God friends soccer
what I'm not like that
did you poke them let's go change your
poo poo okay Villiers boy hey look we
are going down to the Kauffman Center
which is in downtown Kansas City
and we are going to watch the Trueba
Christmas guys we came so close to
getting a parking spot oh there it is
there's the Kauffman Center but an
amazing building I'm so excited to take
our kids there look at this beautiful
building oh my goodness it's beautiful
okay
my
Oh
yeah it was really fun this is such a
cool theater it's amazing
somewhere we got here it was raining and
I dropped the kids off on the front door
that I can impart in the garage I don't
know where the car is exactly I think
two levels so far twenty guys maybe it's
this one we haven't tried exit to
Wyandotte Street yet
journey parked in the parking garage
this he knows but he does not know which
level or where I think this is it this
is it this is definitely it which that's
luck I knew it and your work so there's
three floors of parking and we did check
all of this was the last one we check
you got my queen Bluebird just woke up
he's so snuggly when he first wakes up
he talks so well that sometimes I forget
like he's still just a little baby he's
still just a little two-year-old
alright we're heading into the church
Christmas party we got already
Kendra made a little something something
what was it you mean he signed up to
bring green bean casserole which I never
made before but it's pretty good the
dress nice smart casual they actually
called the smart casual really happy
casual I have search clothes and I hang
out all day at home okay so sage is our
most loyal fan really it's true every
single time I see them I like tell them
how much I love their blog I do love her
so she's the only person that I know in
real life that watches her so we're
excited yeah alright that's sage so
we're sitting there eating and visiting
and we also realize Caleb's not with us
dude what's going on
did you see it was
