we are going to snuggle up on the couch
and read some Christmas books each of
the kids picked a Christmas book and
they are previewing their books right
now Miss Elise and I are going to paint
me paint my fingernails on toenails what
color red and and this and we're gonna
be the sparkles for this one this one
has sparkles
sorry the red green red green because
that's how they feel oh hi Laura what do
you think yeah
toes and the boys have been playing
outside running in and out and in and
out and Laura is wishing that she was
with them
all right listen you have a question for
ya what would you think of putting
makeup on him he and Fanny okay let's do
it
we were challenged by the Stitz bits
it's Leah and Aaron Stitz and
congratulations they just found out
they're pregnant and we're super excited
for you guys this is like Elise's old
dream come true
did you did you get a little bit on my
nose oh I needed a little bit of a
highlight right there just going to
lighten things up a little bit
my nose is looking a little big we were
hoping this could make the nose look a
little smaller add some color gently
gently
tickles well I was already running out
of mascara you're gonna love this she
definitely went Frankenstein with that
one she's being your actual skin
sweetheart that doesn't go on a face
I've been exfoliated wow you covered the
lips pretty thoroughly with the black
you're gonna sleep with that and go to
look so pretty I think war paint
is the theme getting ready to go to war
I'm a warrior and a warrior remember oh
that reminds me K when Isaac was a
little like 2 he couldn't say lawyer and
so he always told everybody that his dad
was a warrior now try to look feminine
that constipated honey feminine how do i
review seven oh there we go that's
pretty good
so mr. Jeremy is making us a late-night
snack we're having egg turkey cheese
sandwiches which are a little nostalgic
for us when I was dating Kendra she wake
up really early for her nursing classes
because she was doing clinicals was I
don't like sometimes I had to be awake
at like 4:00 a.m. it was ridiculous
so one of the ways I would Kendra was by
waking up and making her a little egg
bagel and cheese and turkey sandwich
that would be like folded up into
tinfoil and it was all born in the yummy
so I'd bring it to her before she - good
work clinical so I'd be getting ready to
go walking out the door and he would
show up it is like hoodie like all like
please oh here you go and he would hand
me this warm tin foil wrapped goodness
and I opened it up and there would be
this amazing breakfast sandwich and then
I'm sure he went home and crawled into
bed and I went away with my heart
pounding pitter patter so and then like
it didn't stop like when we got married
he would get up in the morning before I
had to go to work in the winter and he
would scrape my windshield Oh your name
totally ratted on like he's such a
sweetheart it's fun to think about
marriage sometimes like what if I was
trying to win you over you know because
sometimes you get just into the routine
to me like this one ends like right
there this one don't a J house out in
jewels
oh she what's that edited out there's no
way I'm editing are just like either
three hours like dinghy stuck can I do
another one
you Jane Johansson
this will be our outro out daddy else's
out we're done today
ba la la la la la la la la go away you
little camera you're no longer vlogging
Jerry's gonna go editing while I make
these lights go around the tree
falala lalala
Oh
