so Mike Kendra's brother is my beard
consultant he recommended that I trim
the beard so that it wasn't so
disgusting scraggly looking I'm kind of
nervous though because if I trim it am I
going to you know like make it look even
more patchy and lose some of the
complete fullness that it has yeah I
don't know how you get your lip above
your lip is kind of hard to trim because
your nose is in the way Oh
when did buddy
alright what'd you guys think what do
you think Caleb yeah it's good
let's go well target we picked up a
bunch of baby food they have all kinds
of fun flavors now fruity banana apple
cinnamon sauce and all kinds of cool
stuff ever we go Caleb finds himself
some friends
he's always happier when he's helping he
wouldn't let me help him okay but you
figure it out do it all by yourself
get some water do you want me to help
you oh okay
so we don't have any balls at our target
so we're doing turn planking for
improvising hope that's okay : I need on
attack
did you lay on the trash can he wanted
to tell you guys that the weather's
gorgeous today and we came out here to
this awesome park
what dress here today is the astroturf
football field what do you think Lara
yeah you like it
it's like 63 degrees out we watch it Oh
you
god
and so out of shape
ha
Kubby this way we're running this way
it's a race all right so we're putting
the kids to bed I told them I would sing
him a song before they go to bed okay
you guys ready wait a second wait a
second there she is
wait a second what is kubba do where's
the cupboard there he is okay I'll sing
you guys a song of kid you guys I'm
gonna sing with me oh is bright round
yon virgin mother and child Holy is
Sleep in heavenly peace sleep in hand
I don't think that helped at all in
getting them to go to bed
