previously on J house vlogs come and
look someone rang the doorbell and we're
coming to see what it is go get it what
is it some kind of pie or something all
right so one of our neighbor friends
dropped off a treat for us what do you
guys want to see what the treat is yeah
let's see open it up to you let's go to
the table any dumb just picks up the
plate and goes Thank You neighbors
whoever you are thank you
so mike is my brother-in-law
you should remember him from the bro
ventures vlog
he's a hairy dancing machine and he also
works at Microsoft
forgive me Microsoft but it's time to go
to the MacBook Pro but I decided to go
with the Microsoft Mouse as a
consolation prize so that's for you bud
hey guys you're going to do what's
called speed cooking yay we're making
cookie peanut butter cookie jar and
we're making a peanut butter cup so
Jeremy I don't know if you remember this
but um oh these are the very first
cookies I ever made you remember no an
aluminum and white Don oh yeah that one
time when we were you stopped by the
apartment to say hello and you had a
cookie and he said they were amazing and
he loved them oh yeah but mmm is then
when I make these I think of you and how
much you love them and I make them
specially just for you even like yeah
enter the best cookies oh yeah put your
thumbs in there good job
push your thumbs in and pull it apart oh
there she did
there's a name and no show it's magic
nailed it
alright so we are headed out tonight to
deliver cookies to three different
friends of ours or then sneak up and get
em dead kick come on let's go we're
gonna hide come on let's go
so we're sneaking up super sneaky she
gotta be sneaky
come on get now knock and then run come
on let's go nice you gotta go now come
on come on
well they're not here so we'll have to
try that again all right this is attempt
number two hopefully they're home this
time
Oh what do you think about that Isaac oh
it's a surprise how but they're gone
happy Thanksgiving from your friendly
neighborhood Thanksgiving turkey cubby
what'd you think of that be cool
where's that exciting I was so cool that
Jeremy video the reaction and the
classic is at the end with our friend
Michelle waves like she totally saw
became yeah like last second she looked
down at the camera I didn't know if they
were gonna see it and find it I was
hoping not
but last second she saw the phone and
Kendra's phone has like a bright neon
green case on it so sorry I don't
usually use my
for stealth operation yeah we need to
bring the camo case so tonight they're
doing a Thanksgiving devotional and it's
such a cool thing so different pastors
from all the different churches are
doing portions of it like one of them's
reading a scripture and another one's
giving a talk
Oh
I I just don't feel right about closing
that service without the opportunity to
pray for you well I really enjoyed the
devotional I think it's so neat in the
community to have all the churches
coming together to be United and giving
thanks and being united and loving each
other and trying to look for ways that
we can serve those in need
you
