so I think I mentioned it before I'm not
a morning person it feels like
everybody's so like out in the morning
and needy I'm like guys I'm just like
barely alive over here anyway it's
something I would like to work on like I
would like to be more of a morning
person but I'm just tired so every
morning when I'm trying to wake up and
not be grumpy I eat my breakfast and I
love these things
Hey Shibani Greek yogurt they're amazing
this is the this is my favorite flavor
just second buddy it's the coconut with
dark chocolate and honey roasted salted
almonds so that helps my morning a
little bit if you start your morning
with some dark chocolate coconut things
can be a little bit better so anyway
this little goober always wants a bite
there is a sea like for Caleb in that
and what l4o is for maybe an octopus
Caleb what are you getting not for
breakfast all right not for breakfast
not for breakfast not breakfast okay
drop it drop it Oh shaken baby syndrome
come on the tickle torture tickle
torture drop it drop
what what are you doing
curl away and she like slipped into it
Laura
oh very she fell into it what's on your
head see what is this is it three pairs
of pants I put you down for a nap and
you came out with three pairs of pants
on your head
show us the pants bed and you were any
Lisa's leggings somehow Isaac took off
his shirt and did his hair so he could
be ready to climb
okay
oh you're working so hard oh let's see
it Caleb
should I get free nice okay Isaac your
ribs we could see your ribs what we can
see your ribs no those are your nipples
these are your ribs go oh there they are
tease iam but we are having some friends
over for dinner tonight and they are
coming in one hour I just finished doing
- spontaneous baths related to poop and
anyway here's my house are you scared
cuz I'm a little bit scared of the next
hour so I have one hour I'm obviously
still in my pajamas dinner is made it's
in the refrigerator like I just have to
pull it out and pop it into the oven so
that's a good thing I haven't made a
dessert though yet so what do you think
when you're having people over do you
need to have dessert I pulled probably
pull something together daddy's home
quick this way wait don't we have people
like coming over really soon maybe we
should clean up this yes yeah let's just
play well it look for ths for today
hey locus celebratory okay people really
really got to focus we have people
coming over see if you can take a step
up so like like yeah yeah Wow register
that was a reference to a classic
picture of Caleb oh yeah
here's the picture of Caleb and oh my
gosh
Caleb and these kids do some of the
funniest things all this stuff No so
anyway we got everything done in time
ish
and anyway our friends had to cancel
their son came home from school feeling
sick so I'm just gonna take the dinner
over to them but um at least Jeremy and
I were joking at least now we get our
house clean like we have to have people
over everyone smiles we clean house so
I'm trying to leave the house and I
can't find my wallet and this happens to
me all the time to drive me crazy you
need to put it in the same place all the
time baby says the man who has man-sized
pockets have you tried being a woman
shaycarl he just liked rut my comment
hey Scott smell help let's see there's
his little face oh because they're doing
a conference in Florida and we want to
go so Isaac was so cute when we watched
the video show about the conference in
Florida
Isaac was like I'm gonna do a bunch of
dollar drawers so we can save up to now
oh if only that would work
