so this is Michelle aunt Michelle she's
been teaching piano yeah you guys know
Michelle
so she's teaching Isaac piano and yeah
okay D flat and F sharp okay start up at
start and see scales one chord five
seven chord one chord
she teaches like theory and like I don't
know it seems like this he's different
more advanced or what it used to be when
we were little kids awesome what's
different about it like our more theory
more learning how to compose right he
loves improvising i improvising his
Isaac's favorite thing to do yep which
is cool there I didn't do that in Fianna
either every time when he's done he's
always excited to finish his songs
because he likes to make up songs but
look he finished all of this looking he
gets to move on to to being to be 6
months he with my library books and yeah
I think already
so we're headed to the Christmas tree
lighting yes anyway we were listening to
the radio and I was trying to find
Christmas music and Kendra is like no
you have to wait until after
Thanksgiving so I am a stickler like I
don't it is because Thanksgiving is my
favorite holiday I've shared that before
and I feel like it gets completely
overlooked and so I am a stickler until
Thanksgiving dinner is done I don't know
what you guys think but I'm a stickler
about it like yes are you guys listening
so that is not a message Merry Christmas
have you seen how many people are
decorating no offense like if that works
for your family that's awesome but you
will not see a single Christmas
decoration for me until after
Thanksgiving and so isn't a decorator
I'm not known for my decorating yes we
just don't do decoration I have other
skills but we do a Christmas tree it's
hard to walk with your marshmallow
Cubby's outfit reminds me of the
Christmas story is that the movie where
the kid is so our community has the
cutest downtown square which I work on
my firm is right down here I love the
lights at Christmastime - it's beautiful
getting Christmas Eve here no no don't
listen to Christmas music we can't do it
got away - wheat all right here we come
looks like we needed to get here about
an hour ago - save us bye
children laughing people passing smile
laughter smile on every street corner
silverback
yeah
for wandering around among these pretty
trees and all of a sudden the trees go
off and I look down and Caleb had turned
off the trees I was like oh yeah that's
my child and then he traded back on
awesomeness for going in to see Santa
who needs a pinkie you got nothing
oh good night is
oh hey see you guys would you like for
Christmas conducts okay okay I can give
you that now tell me your name what
would you like for cookies
have you thought about what you want for
Christmas any schooling did you baseball
this game or will be soon I wasn't
it they played good dog the kids have
candy canes in hand they want hot
chocolate and our kitchen and house is a
complete wreck because we were in a
hurry leaving so as we were pulling up I
said Jeremy we've got it we've got this
this next hour is what we've been
training everything that we've done was
to lead us up to this moment it will
test our stamina it will test our
patience it will test everything that we
hold dear but we will prevail
