look at the detail hey this is just a
boring update video I haven't posted in
like a week or something like that two
weeks something like that and this is
not like a video announcing that I'm
quitting if I just watched Roman out
what's video he's stopping his daily
vlog Roman I understand I appreciate it
I'm not this is the opposite of that I'm
not announcing that I'm like going away
or I'm quitting or anything like that
in fact it's literally the flip of that
okay here's here's here's why I need a
minute that's a little darker than I
expected isn't it I haven't shared
anything with you with you guys would
this audience about what my plans are
Post CNN post bean it's been like three
months now of ruminating and figuring
out and thinking and planning I got it I
haven't been this excited in a very very
I haven't been this excited since I'm in
this society it's the first vlog I
uploaded on March 26 2015 16 something
like that I'm very excited about the
future and a big part of that is I'm
gonna be relaunching that sounds formal
relaunching this channel is gonna be
completely new completely fresh
completely different not like a new
channel I'm using this channel but like
the content a totally new content
structure a new schedule a new
everything and that's happening very
very very soon I have so much to
announce and I'm gonna share all of that
with you I don't mean for it to sound
cryptic this isn't like a tech company
this isn't about like an acquisition
it's nothing like that
it's basically my new plan for moving
forward its ambitious its excited just
allow me this please I'm just gonna go
ahead and read a quote for you from the
latest Esquire middle east magazine
what I'm doing next will be the most
ambitious undertaking of my career the
biggest swing I've ever taken it will be
built entirely around where I know I can
be successful
that's a quote and if it's in print you
know it's the truth this is what I was
talking about in this magazine was that
was my next big big big thing and I'm
kicking that off soon
that'll be launching like first week in
April I've just kind of been limping
along like trying to post just to post
but I don't want to post just a post
I've another take this time really focus
on this next endeavor I'm about to take
on and then kick that off and make it a
new I did edit a video maybe I'll post
it anyway but I did a video of from last
week when I was in Los Angeles david
dobrik and Jesse and a bunch of my
friend we all went up in a helicopter
and flew around LA it was super fun it's
just a jokey helicopter video you know
post that today but then last night
tragically a tourism helicopter actually
crashed here in New York City five
people lost their lives
I read that news this morning I was like
I don't want to I'm just not in the mood
for posting a goofy helicopter video
after something like that happened in
any minute it was all the kind of
affirmation I needed just to take a deep
breath and and to take a minute today is
March 12th or something like that um
you're not gonna hear from me for the
next couple weeks so when I come back
expect freshness newness excitement I
can't wait for what's it's gonna be
exciting and I want to bring you in this
audience along with me every step of the
way for it I'm building next so give me
a minute
thank you I'm sorry I'll miss you
ttyl
and no I'm not leaving YouTube for
twitch I've been twitch streaming a
little bit just so I liked live and it's
a fun thing to do but I'm not I'm not
leaving YouTube for twitch you should
you should follow me a subscribe you
should on links below
