yeah I want to show you something I hear
this is Pier 40 so like World Trade
Centers there that's the Holland Tunnel
Canal Street this is the pier but look
at this this space right here alright
this is the pier this is like the tip of
the pier the very tip and then that's
like a room there with windows on both
sides two big open empty space how
amazing would it be to move my studio or
Dean headquarters out to the tip of this
pier and we just work in this like glass
greenhouse situation like 500 feet off
the shore of Manhattan city of New York
Buildings Department
going back to look at that face
most EFT is this idea right now it would
be the greatest office space
in all of New York City I mean also make
a good apartment but there's so many
weirdos that go out there to smoke pot
and do whatever that might be a little
strange look that's what it this little
pier right here that end of it is where
that room was that I showed you this
morning on my run incredible success in
five seconds four seconds three seconds
two seconds this week this is a very
very very full week today's already
Monday Monday a normal Monday except
because of the fact I'm traveling on
Thursday and Friday and half of
Wednesday it means that this normal
Monday is actually a don't work Monday
see you Wednesday afternoon Wednesday
late afternoon I fly to Helsinki which
is in which is in Finland this is just a
just a sweet potato
thanks David and Catherine for the sweet
potato for the sweet potato but because
Finland is on the other side of the
world it festers
two days of travelling and and even
though the event is only one day it's
going to take up all of you know
Thursday all of Friday and then half of
Saturday so it just means that
Wow
I am excited showed up going back to us
back to Finland if you weren't aware of
Finland is where we shot the drone
snowboard video pretty amazing country a
lot of interesting things going on there
and when we were there for that drone
video it was like 30 below zero dead of
winter so I'm as far as you go back
there with slightly more with slightly
more hospitable weather you know maybe
get to know the question no way yeah
Oh
I've always wanted a lifesaver
yeah
lumic's why yeah why the jingle-jangle
you know people are going to primarily
be using your camera as a video camera
you know how noisy the jingle-jangle is
why not go with the why not go the six
loop see this
that's the fixed loops much stronger
confidence-inspiring no noise sony sony
is also guilty of the jingle jangle you
see I've got some tape over it but this
thing why what are they getting ten
better but I'm not sure what I'm going
to do with my camera strap now is it
done down here not done but it's closed
the finishes we're going to get where my
whiteboards played we need more
whiteboards this this way for lost the
fight yeah they're all survived if I'm
having these are all my life woods yet
Jason's up at NAB and then we're gonna
you know we're gonna hang run and what's
going to happen with all these TVs the
Jews will have a quad box of eight boxes
on and who picked out the monitors they
really only monitor the compatible with
Apple you know what else they charge you
never see things huh I don't think about
all of them I admit when Empress but are
you this is the LD Apple monitor these
things cost a fortune you just plug one
plug into your computer they're amazing
I've always wanted one but I couldn't
justify the price but between Slade and
Jake they ordered one two three four
five six seven of them you think that's
enough slice seven of these monitors oh
we're going to as well we got your two
red cameras yeah this is the beam
production we don't know what to call
yet what these are just the work lights
like these are the lights in here that
just give it like generic lights you can
work if you want to fire up any of these
crazy lights that like you're going to
like these crazy disco lights then you
have to use this
to light them I have not been trained on
this yet it's something we're like
things are happening but we're actually
producing content just yet we're doing
some like test stop last week we did
like a writing test we're slowly picking
up momentum towards actually like
publishing stuff from being just as we
have all this gear doesn't mean it's
going to be good but it does mean it's
you know look good are you guys gonna
put money on it we should put something
on ie like something I will put money on
it's Jack win you have to get a tech
this is I heart Jack this season's you
have to get attached this is I heart you
problem is I already have to attach to
this is I we already have you done burn
Augusto's last year we're doing a bean
team half marathon in a few weeks
and these two are pacing around the same
speed did the bet just happen that
happened the loser has have a framed
photo of the winner on their desk until
the next race until the next job what's
the size of the picture are you ready
I love the beam P I want to do a video
or a series of videos or series of vlog
episodes or something about what it
means to like start a business run a
business own a business
what it needs to be an entrepreneur all
of that because that's so much of who I
am and what I do what I believe in the
first and single most important rule of
business is only work with people you
like it's it's tomorrow I just realized
that I'm not leaving on Wednesday like
when I had all this into that night and
leaving on today I woke up this morning
rise that I fly out Tuesday not
Wednesday kind of like waking up the
morning being hit right in the right in
the head with a snow shovel yeah
