II I live I live all the way down there
I ran here I run into David in the black
we're talking into coming to play
basketballs and instead of finishing my
run oh I'm in it right quarter oh but
Davis goes up a read over there that's
game I have a terrible basketball player
I showed this to his machine last week
and people didn't understand how it
worked just squeeze it it says out the
juice
it's really good maybe you notice maybe
you haven't I've been shooting the vlogs
on an entirely new camera set up for the
last like four or five episodes I'm
getting a lot of questions about them I
want to do a little text segment I know
a lot of people give me a hard time
about text segments and I'm super
insecure about it so if you're not
interested in camera Tech Talk go ahead
and skip to this exact time right here
and that's when this segment will have
concluded okay okay okay okay
so I've been shooting the vlog for the
most part on this bad boy right here
this is the latest and greatest from
Tanna sonic or lumix it's called the
Lumix G H v I liked it I liked a lot
it's almost right prior to that I was
shooting on missing a 5500 by Sony
this one's mm this one is like 1300 this
one's nice and small and sleek this
thing's pretty large and bulky which one
takes a better image the sony which one
is better focus the sony which one is
that our low-light performance the sony
which one do i like better the Lumix let
me tell you why it's simple i can't vlog
without a front-facing screen i can't do
it this thing does not have a
front-facing screen so i love this
camera but it's got to sit on the shelf
i need to be able to see my face when i
vlog i really genuinely feel like the
base designed and made this thing with
youtubers in mind
it's got great for case it also has a
super powerful front-facing screen it's
like the same kind of screen that's on
my cell phone
super good blacks give you a really good
image if you've got a slot there that
holds two SD cards so it can shoot to
both battery on this thing is good it's
like as good as the cannons were it does
have full auto focus while you're
recording it's not sony 6500 or can and
a TD good but it's definitely good
enough my favorite thing all time
favorite thing is the fact that the the
chip itself is stabilized so the
recording mechanism inside of this
camera is on a five axis gimbal or three
axis gimbal or something and it keeps it
really smooth also this is kinda stupid
but I love that the microphone input is
right here like in its own special spot
instead of being down here where all
these other ports are like it is on
every other camera I feel like instead
of having engineers in some room design
this it actually had people who use
these devices sit down and design it the
front-facing screen I cannot say enough
about okay now what sucks about it this
has a tiny chip in it see that little
little little little fella in there see
that chip size that's called a micro
four-thirds chip one inch aps-c micro
four-thirds
now chip size does mean a lot but like
I've been reminded for much of my life
sizes and everything this thing does
incredible things with that small chip
the color reproduction the image itself
I really like in bright sunlight it's
unbelievable but it falls apart when it
gets dark outside low light on this
thing is pretty weak especially compared
to a 6500 focus when there's not a lot
of light it's just this thing is just
worthless there's no idea what to grab
focus on but that's okay because I do
understand and I can empathize with
hardware limitations hardware
limitations are just limitations of the
actual hardware what I have no
appreciation for our software
limitations because what you can do with
software is limitless and it should be
perfect so this is probably my single
biggest beef with this camera I never
know when it's recording look let me
show you I'm exaggerating but let me
show you it's recording right now see
how you have this little blinky light
right here that's recording give me
something more than a tiny blinking
light when I clamps down I want to know
with confidence that's recording this
light doesn't do it for me but then I
accidentally touch this really
unnecessary menu over here now I look
down is a recording or is it not
recording why is that red record light
covered by this menu who designed this
interface is terrible even if I stopped
recording this stupid menu stays up so
if I start recording it it's okay that's
one beef number two this one's even more
egregious say I'm recording like I am
right now see the blinky blink and then
I want to use the tap to focus which is
great tap right here
cool now it's focused on the nearest
object wait did it stop recording is it
still recording is it recording right
now I don't know let me just check on
the screen there's no notification how
about on the blinking light there is
none I have no idea if it's recording
right now lumix what are you thinking so
in their defense that is just
software issue just that is a software
issue that could be fixed with the
firmware update
lumic's get on it that is unacceptable
next thing is about button layout when
in movie mode which is the only mode
I'll ever use it in when I press the
shutter not the dedicated record button
the shutter it starts recording
that sounds insignificant it's a big
deal lumic's thank you it's great see
this little button right here that says
D is P as in display this little bastard
right here alright that is what cycles
through the information that's on the
screen so you display display display
display this makes no sense the location
is right there as in exactly where this
some organically rests so while I'm sure
you on-the-fly I'm constantly
accidentally pressing this button and
the screen turns off and sometimes I'll
be recording and I'm struggling enough
to look for your tiny tiny invisible
blinking red light and now is it
recording I have no idea the blinking
lights gone when I press it again the
whole things off
so those are my initial thoughts overall
I really like it that will indeed be my
new vlogging camera until something
better comes along
I think it's expensive but I think it's
if you're looking for a very serious
vlogging camera that I would say the
Lumix is currently the best on the
market despite the shortcomings I just
outlined
now hopefully I want it back secret
button so awesome okay earlier today I
filmed a thing where I you must use
machine full disclosure this is my
friend's startup and it's my favorite
thing ever it's like a juice press you
put the packets of juice in there it
squeezes them delicious juice comes out
then I saw that juice arrow the name of
this was trending on Twitter because
apparently you don't need this whole
device you just you can just squeeze
this packet of chopped vegetables and
out comes the juice so I thought I would
test it right so this is the packet of
chopped vegetables this is the extremely
technologically advanced press that is
required to squeeze the juice set we're
going to now did you see this it's
trending on Twitter right now we're
going to see if you can actually extract
the juice without this extremely
advanced to Tesla iMac like machine
ready we've have GWP you better just
look for given everyday taking so long
all right that not as much as some does
well your honey keep going I had to
squeeze for one
how would you thank you yeah well you
little diet you know don't say cake pan
oh my god
Jonna how many times are you take over
the top
let's cut open the packet I'm out of my
gun juice Oh
I'm really getting really getting tired
squeeze it that give me delicious iced
tea
yeah look inside our present broccoli
it's not oh inside our delicious okay
that is fine and Russia will run right
through you know give it a sip out of it
it's solution look great it's great it's
really good it's great and if you don't
have a Jake at home just going to do so
you still need the Machine of the dude I
love it and I don't even like this yeah
wow that's powerful
so yeah okay
all that time she's ready for the heater
there's a woman squatting as a smashing
pan
yeah that woman that will need a lift
that woman down there was just squatting
out of the taxicab peeing on the side of
the road in Candice's s disgusting panic
you mind if I pee love your ever
