weekend tradition Starbucks with the
kiddo the Hat the Hat was at her
insistence dinner last night and I ran
into a friend of mine this woman there
she told me that her son has been
blogging he's young that he's been
blogging in kids at school have been
making fun of him because he's making
YouTube videos and that's just that's
the second time second time I've heard
that for like up from a young person
that well I think he was twelve or
thirteen years old and he was making
YouTube videos
he also well his parents also told me he
was getting teased at school because he
made YouTube videos jobs it just pisses
me off
I want to kick off today's episode with
a message directly to you
twelve-year-old kid who's getting teased
at school because you make youtube
videos
let me explain a truth there with me
here this is for everyone this is for
everyone who's trying to do something
that they believe in and some
discouraging them again okay ready this
line here this line is you over here is
now and here is when you succeed now
they're going to tease you now they're
going to tease you now because you don't
have success just yet then you're going
to succeed and they'll want to be these
are the two phases that will happen by
the doubters and by the haters and in
between they're scared of you so in
those kids at school are picking on you
no it's because they're scared of you so
they choose you because they know when
you succeed they're going to want to be
you now you down here in between now and
when you achieve success there there are
two things two things that you should be
doing and that it's a persevere and be
determined perseverance I will continue
my pursuit
no matter the opposition you can tease
me you can pick on me you can call me a
loser you can be like my friend's
parents like back in high school when I
to drop out is that a kid to take care
of and they looked at me like I was a
loser and they rolled their eyes at me
and they didn't want their kids getting
at me because I was the loser I didn't
care I persevered I continued my pursuit
determination I will stop at nothing to
achieve my goal you are determined and
you will stop at nothing so the kids in
school are taking all the kids that want
to make youtube videos teasing somebody
for doing something that they're
passionate about how dare you god get me
all riled up at the start of the vlog
got some exciting stuff coming in this
episode that's a big night right thanks
kind of a big night but believe it or
not I'm running horribly late really
it's time to dress up properly I'm just
going to kinda throw a little something
together I look presentable I'm on my
way to the 8th annual or sixth annual or
sensual or something annual Shorty
Awards you're shorter I've been to the
Oscars and the Grammys the MTV Music
Awards but there's a special place in my
heart for the Shorty Awards because they
celebrate youtubers and snapchatters and
social media creators
which which have as much cultural impact
at people in the movie the people on TV
but don't get anywhere near the
recognition so I love the shorty award
hi I'm Tina
Thank You Raja Sita as I mentioned
lately just how much I love New York
City because I really love New York City
I don't love that Midtown traffic though
you
sorry I'm late don't worry color you
just start it right now so I haven't
actually missed anything yet right you
have not missed anything I mean any of
my beauty you have not just any of your
duties here towards the end of the show
all right you look great
dropped off all my stuff six bytes hi
organizations producing great online on
facebook tumblr used to snapchat you now
musically they're nominate whoever open
pretending for the last time ever
doctor nominated human children the
winner is
you know she's here oh yeah
we're sitting on her so I wasn't
entirely aware that that I'm presenting
an award to to Carly cross who's on our
way here now which is great you are so
late is always so late why are you
surprised I was late
Hotels okay
wonderful is done yeah finally got an
onion
yes bagger if people just want to say
congratulations on family something here
in Parenthood amazing amazing
did you see me I told us to meet every
one of you bye guys that was a really
big event
so glad that I went it's also a lot of
fun being in Times Square at night
