here uh I'm here in LA at the sweet
hotel with the family airplane Candace
and the baby are leaving today with her
sister I'm really busy the whole weekend
so they're going to be they're good
they're situated it's fine I just want
to get there on they're like you can't
come in because you're not Candace like
that
alright I'll call them bye honey bye and
that's it that's probably the last I'll
see of them until we fly back to New
York her sisters here or mom's here for
brother sister's husband they're going
to have a fun time I wish I wish hanging
out with them more rightly scooter actor
yeah perfect
alright we're out here we're having a
meeting we got Paul we got scooter
things are happening but look at this
briefcase right here can I show this
yeah these are all brand new virgin
Galaxy s8 this phone is even released
yet look at all these whoa what's up -
haha
what's up guys with only sign imperially
right are you ready to go oh yeah
absolutely that's how we got to go do it
we got to go hopefully got to go we got
to get out of here is a great hotel
great beautiful
that's it we're leaving this great hotel
forever Wow beautiful hotel
it is nice right yeah we're store
landmark well I figure since i roped you
into coming along and helping me make
this video while i explained it to the
audience what we're doing i can also
explain to you what we're doing because
i have not done that yet at all i like
that we've gotten this far and i have no
idea what we're doing literally call
them was like come to Santa Monica right
now and here we are and I'm here in a
helicopter I've also never been in a
helicopter that's really happening it's
going to be a good day so this is what
this is we're making a Paul's or
anything I can't say what everyone okay
we're making we're making a TV
commercial for Samsung but the concept
explicitly was to have it shot on cell
phones by creators like us starring
creators and all that but all the you
all like to la base YouTube creator
friends of ours are at Coachella that's
what a cool kids go which is a music
festival it's like three hours from here
so we're just going to zip up there
right now
real quick real quick real quick and go
film this thing today with whoever we
can sort of link up with does that work
for you
sounds great to me does a good afternoon
hi Casey
hey girl you never been in this before
you should go first okay you feel good
well oh yeah not scared at all
I'm feeling it's real a lot yeah I've
never been in a helicopter
I
I was a kind of a long flight we were in
the air for 4045 minutes
this is Paul's uber he's me enough for
you Paul or think it what you all what
are you gonna run with so we'll what do
you think of bidding this production so
far so far so good I feel like I'm being
treated correctly I'm digging it I know
you have a rider that you only travel in
stretch limousines so why we're able to
get this together I mean if it's not
stretched I mean what am i doing did you
hear that the driver just asked everyone
to stop for beer this is my only drink
wine we're literally just take this
there's no other ride this is crazy
we have made it to palm Palm Springs
we're now on our way to shoot the first
segment which were shooting at we're
shooting with my favorite my favorite
youtuber david dobrik and his friends
this is like a quick scene we get the
rest of the crew meeting us there
we're still not clear on what to do but
wills working on it yes I was
unconvincing we don't have the contract
know how that does it yeah get it
dobrik where are you that's the looks
fun yo welcome to my house my card you
watch when I saw your car you to try to
entertain you guys and you come over
here do the right thing and that is
happening if you land now listen I want
to eat you everyone you get down on the
ground give me ten push-ups right now
let's go
wolf right just for me they don't even
live there we have to rent the house for
them to come out oh really know how
because you guys are really good Asher
you guys were really good at the opening
crack a smile I wanna thank you guys
thank you for coming by guys it kind of
makes a hundred how comfortable you are
screaming at children empty we're about
to see the first scene here at the table
something's gonna happen we're going to
take a water ball in the eyeball right
there it's like a funny gag get it quick
because we 5 seconds of quality content
right now
we can tell it's really fast so much fun
and it was my weakest performance I
think we got this will be our last take
you through background okay that's a
wrap on david dobrik i think it legit
what whoa all right no it went great
quick twelve it took us an extra three
hours but it went really well how do you
think it went okay
that would took a long time but it was
beautiful that was art it was good right
yeah it was good thank you guys
do it in a school does a drug another
here significant beep all right
he hasn't boy he is Victor it's
nighttime now we're actually headed to
the Coachella Festival today's shoot
went fantastic but we didn't get as much
of the shooting done as we wanted
because it got dark out I can't blame
that anyway I feel like it was our fault
for leaving Santa Monica so late
but we're on our way to the Music
Festival now I had never been to
Coachella before she's excited oh I'm
Lynn I am also
the coachella night ends where the
coachella night began in the back of a
bicycle made for four
