very very interesting night last night
at Coachella we were here to work not
party still great to get to experience
the music festival and all that but this
is what I look like
after two hours and 16 minutes of sleep
look more shooting today back in LA
we're going back there first thing this
morning you know I wish I had more time
here
Palm Springs this part of the world it's
like the hottest driest most amazing
desert climate and they've got like
swimming pools here and I mean it's fine
I'm going back to Santa Monica but I
wish I had like two hours to sunbathing
so if you did
except for this hotel was a short short
stay all right I've got about five extra
minutes here I want to grab a light
nutritious breakfast before I uh before
I go to the airport
now 7-eleven apple fritters they're not
on my diet quite frankly they shouldn't
be on anyone's diet but I think this is
the most delicious food ever made is so
good
great you see where I'm going there
Oh back at the airport again have a very
day
how many of those cookies have you eaten
one and it was really good
well how old were you the first time you
flown a helicopter I was 23 years old
and when was that 16 hours ago the first
time I flew on a helicopter I was I
think like maybe thirty thirty and it
was with my kid I'm like it was like a
tourist thing weird to do a good tour
yeah but I've been obsessed with
helicopters since I was a little kid
it's one of my like it was one of my
bucket list dreams is to fly in
helicopters as often as possible
yeah and now you do it and I just want
them to know that it is still an
extraordinary experience for me every
time every time yeah I can't wait for my
number two experience it's a it's the
most amazing thing but it is get some of
that youngin it is one of the most
amazing experiences and it's something
that I appreciate wildly every time I
have the opportunity to do it and you
said no one's throwing up and the
helicopter with you before right is that
happening this morning I hope not I hope
not I don't want to be the fire
change of plans have you ever flown the
private private plane before no no this
is a weaker first this is a weaker verse
they don't have a helicopter for us so
we're going to get enough fixed plane
fixing means like a regular plane okay
but yeah we're about to get into a
private jet right now I'm super excited
this is the yacht I just can't I
literally can't even oh you gotta take a
photo of it let me down there well
i doing
tell them for five minutes just due to
the metro question decide Palm Springs
and that's their will the party's over I
wasn't for you absolutely incredible
pretty fun can go back yes
I'll never fly I'll never fly in a
regular plane again no until tomorrow
when I got to go back to New York but
thank you very much sir take care now
we're back in Santa Monica my favorite
part of that whole experience will was
when the pilot said I'll see you guys
again soon
yeah he doesn't know but I wish I wish
we Ryan to wish this of my life let's
just get in the plane and go somewhere
dad he's my new dad this is like where
I'm staying where I'm sleeping and we're
going to shoot a scene here with will
for will our first scene of the day
we're going to shoot it in the shower
and then kind of the rest of the day
begins today is all production again
Mike yesterday but more efficient and
probably a little bit less interesting
because we're not at a gigantic music
festival are we're filming will seem out
very oh yeah for he wanted to keep his
shorts on but you know we'd roll with
the punches here yeah alright so how are
you going with it good I know exactly we
don't know we're good with it all right
delicious Richard's bunker over and over
and over I think you're playing working
with it I've never instructed a drug
addict
I think that was perfect
hazing it was really good my god you are
one take wonder nice he's good right a
shallow worker no good
yeah that's deeply your first take for
the best birthday pain they're so like
natural and I'm excited to see this yeah
will is wrap for today I'm so done I'm
about to get in my bed and watch anime
I called will exactly 24 hours a cake
I'm helping with the thing and in the
amount in the last 24 hours that our
helicopter helicopter Ivan said Lady
gaga school bus school bus oh my god
neon carnival we shot all kinds of stuff
and it was incredible you're gonna be
his 1200 you'll be missed - I'm gonna
visit is this an appropriate time to
plug your YouTube channel please
subscribe to William Haynes TV please
subscribe and we'll get your channel
link below please do that's a wrap on
will now we're headed to the other side
of Los Angeles to shoot with two other
youtuber creator don't make her smart
friends of mine this part can be really
fun little things and fun though if you
guys in a bit you got it
oh alright I see how it is already bill
man what up dude you go here you do this
let's do this I'm ready
I've been waiting for this moment we've
got the perfect outfit I'm so psyched
yeah you guys yeah you're t3 back I'm
solid you're still eating baby food no
okay that good good so we're going to do
a little kind of skit in here featuring
my friends Ethan and and you know I
don't have a picture of her Julie's here
mind if I reveal your costume in my vlog
no no although you're premiering the
dopplers oh yeah oh my god do I wish I'd
a fedora right now okay try it on your
hat try it on I want to see how doesn't
mean you don't mind look Sonya cuz it
really changed the character here nice
it does all right it looks like a pen
cap on the top of an orange is something
wonderful about it Hanukkah Dora
like really it does some amazing things
I think we're done how do you how do you
think it was I think it was a lot of fun
we had a couple laughs we had a couple
of giggles and you know it was a riot so
without a doubt our part will be
completely cut from the commercial yeah
I have no doubt about it you will not
see us in that commercial we're going to
go
this is it last year the day we are now
in Venice we're looking for again
another one of my favorite people this
whole shoot is about my favorite people
but we're here to meet Jesse
you might remember Jesse from previous
episodes so don't worry is yet but he's
around here somewhere
found them I found them I found them I
found them you ready we offered do
googas okay did you tell them everything
you're kind of doing well they know they
like the back sir but I don't know what
I'm doing with you okay rule and they're
waiting for us so we gotta figure this
out there's my shirt Jesse yeah this is
brand-new huh so that's okay with you
are you know is that like some is that
some Jeff you know I was going to lace
you up with some roses it there's
actually snoop just a snoop spread out
um like like temp whatever your new like
apparel gear is our unit I wasn't going
to be like this I live it's new pal okay
guys making friends now oh yeah do you
know where they are
hey uh hey uh are we ready are you ready
not quite attached but we're about to be
put in John's name let me get this right
you put a 3-axis gimbal you know you
mount that on a shock mount this on yeah
it's all wire Isolators so it takes all
the big bumps out and then the motors
take all the like the micro bumps out so
it's like butter smooth it's just like a
cinema camera so like we fly in a
lecture or read on the same setup is
just we put counterweights on it and
then we put another HD camera here to
like give the bowl videos thing on so we
can frame same thing
let's go Scout your cow going that way
Jessie it feels I think we should just
do it
you ready should we just do it go get
the sound guy and do it justice this is
the spot I think I know you want to
shoot that light yeah so you have this
done on you like this yeah this will be
easier to then I can hold the stick not
being understand so this is trying to
did here oh this is so thick this is
going to look incredible this is sort of
the last shot of today which is kind of
bitch is what I'm talking about
Jessie fly look at him how happy he is
let's go it's going to look great all
right so here's the shot you coming
toward us okay and the drones gonna be
like this like three quarters you gotta
have the self you stick out though to
give it to you you go down there pretty
far
I'll get the drone of fun to me that be
my cue to pick off oh you'll know when
to go are this is the cellphone drone
that's the road that's the phone
without other side edges so we have
another one can
here we go yeah we're good
this is a good Hammond that's the Sun
Wow the fund a whole their way shame it
were behind that opportunity me that's
fun that would be like a do that ten
more dollar get enough alright that's
enough on today I guess
you
you
