yeah I'm going to put you in the vlog
your birthday today's and all your 30th
birthday happy birthday
alright
see Candace drives fancying a school in
the morning
something is before my run I'm a good
husband I'm a good husband and I go get
the car for her you know mornings can be
stressful in the household when you got
a kid so anything I can do to help out
count on me honey I think today is you
know well first back by popular demand
in today's a day when I finally finally
finally give my comprehensive review of
the other new one-wheel plus I've been
waiting for good weather I'm waiting for
today nice outside one of those days
where I want to shoot something outside
and but first first realtalk don't you
think I got enough on my mind real talk
sorry keep using that our Kelly song as
the intro I know our Kelly is a bad bad
man I just such a good song alright real
talk if you're not new to this vlog you
know in season one and even season - I
was super consistent and uploading every
single day almost always at the same
time and since I started season 3 I've
been nothing but sporadic when I upload
and I wanted to take a second to explain
let me animate this
he's in Walled season 1 & 2
the vlog really dictated a lot of my
life maintaining the interestingness of
the vlog the actual act of creating and
just a sheer amount of hours dictated my
life
for season three I'm making sure my life
dictates the law focusing on family is
more important than focusing on making
the episodes interesting my job is more
important in spending time focusing on
health goes above spending time editing
the vlog now now the only way to do that
and make sure the vlog doesn't suck is
by being selective when I do it like we
were with family in Texas the last
couple of days is all about family the
baby with their own was there at
Candace's parents were there not had to
take precedent over the stress of
creating a daily show somebody sent me
this I don't I don't know what this is
you know down at beam we're working all
kinds of things so we're gonna start
making shows and movies all kinds of
stuff down there that means they're
going to be more days and I don't make
the vlog what matters is that these
episodes are good and I'd rather make
them you know four or five times a week
and have them be really good then make
them seven days that we can have them
suck and then the other thing is
important is is sustainability it's when
I think back to why I stopped blogging
the previous two seasons like I started
to hate it and I think it was just the
rillette like the fact that I'd never
had time to think it was go go go go go
which has its virtues but also after a
year and a half it was unsustainable so
I'm hoping this new sort of thesis if
this new approach to vlogging is
something you're for sustainable I can
tell you this much I love doing it again
like the process now so much more I know
it's more relaxing it's more exciting
it's like yesterday on the plane when
the baby was freaking out and Candace
was freaking out and I was freaking out
instead of also trying to make a video
during that stressful time instead I was
like exciting about getting back to it
today you know I looked at a lot of my
youtube friends when they stop vlogging
like Jeana and Jessie BF versus GF is my
favorite YouTube channels - my favorite
bloggers you know they talked about the
stress that it had on their personal
life and other aspects of their life I'm
just trying to be responsible and trying
to navigate that so I'll still see you
almost every day I'll try to click
upload with every day but I hope
this makes sense and I'm going to make a
juice tea largest sometimes share at
Bheem HQ we squeeze our own juice
all right Amalia here's your birthday
juice enjoy it thank you I got oh I got
that seven on your rent oh yeah I got a
food oh that is good isn't it look at
the how steady it is - mm-hmm
whoo it feels fancy back here this is
this is downstairs that beam but over
there is where we built offices and
little like it's very professional here
and then Jake and I are turning back
here into just like a raw studio space
so ceiling painted black with sound
panels on them what else you doing down
here today putting a lighting grid in up
here that's gonna be filled with life
leaves me a light panel I don't know
what a lighting grid is is this your
personal supper this our this is already
here yeah yeah this is what happens when
you give Jake access to the company
credit cards and stuff man we got this
really cool follow focus okay the
psychic sorry sighs I think this is
really cool so ef-s lenses right they
have mo tourism for focus so what you
can do this like a table
so there's a store called supreme maybe
you've heard of it they felt like
skateboards closing at erratic Eric
tries to breathe but the fans the people
who buy supreme clothing they're called
hype beef really get into the gear and
apparently today there's like the most
insane seen outside of supreme
oh my god here's the line for supreme
yeah and that's the line for supreme
look up guys mommy on the hog and then
that's the frame right there you get
anything good yeah yeah well watch it
yourself let me see let me see
check it off how long did you wait in
line two hours two hours pleasure to
meet you man you do monetary is oh my
god I looking for this guy Rick who pays
you when you got gol dollars supreme pay
you or the city you get some free free
supreme t-shirt no okay you just gotta
keep the feed so tell me oxygen what
what is what is supreme culture supreme
culture man is a fashion culture it's
about young young people doing things
that they want to do and exploring
everything there look got little kids
they got bread they all relate to
supreme so much over other facets
because you see the designs of print the
real original man supreme and then the
logo is strong their Supremes are strong
low bow it goes nowhere
number one Casey I think like thanks to
zero good luck guy oh my gosh
what's your name I'm Chandler but
there's the skeleton eat a little
sentences go clearly what you look like
and we given studies pilgrims like your
honesty like my hero like I'm going to
cry right now like stay in school don't
do drugs I want to join a hate crime all
right hey DRI
all right good luck a lot of kids New
York City to have these street teams
often they give away free stuff that I
guess they just assume people are going
to want these guys here they get really
free chocolate milk one of the great
perks of living here I'm on the one
wheel dramatic difference from the from
the previous generation one wheel it's
feel pretty incredible yeah well duh
come on Phil Vic I love your channel
there
okay so there's definitely a learning
curve here I'm getting there
not a lot of opportunity to test the
off-road capabilities of the wooden
wheel here in New York City
I really feel like they took care of all
the sort coming all the beats that I had
with the original version now this
thing's like I mean smooth as butter
it's crazier responsive it's a lot
softer I feel much more in control now I
don't know that I'd become full riding
this in New York city traffic but I said
the same thing about the booster which
had my helmet I left my helmet blue
tested in traffic as a man ah the rest
we need to get anyone wheel
goodnight right which one day man
I gotta say this thing's pretty pretty
impressive one-wheel you know I would
say the question I get asked the most is
should I get a one wheel or should I get
a boosted board if I had an answer for
it
if you live in a city like I do boosted
boards greg's it's wonderful on the road
if you live in a place where there's any
off-road or trails or water or sand or
dirt the one little fantastic for that
so I could never ever say that one is
better than the other but this one wheel
is wildly impressed okay all right just
going to go ahead and in the blog right
