temple run this morning tempo means like
super fast but kind of Shore 6.2 miles
even 10k at a relaxed but still 647 pace
6:47 per per per month I saw dudes this
morning on the on the Hudson River that
here in New York City on jet skis
summers coming who that bitter that car
meeting in the office this morning and
then I got to what in God's name is
happening outside my office
we ourselves the net ourselves of
Mexican omelette and it looks like
quesadilla station here got a hotline
with sausage and scrambled egg this
looks like a classic movie craft
services setup what are you guys
shooting today dude what do we want to
get my shake hello mr. rope mr. robot
amazing there shooting mr. robot with
delicious food outside my office well
it's the baby draft born yet did you
have a good birthday but no draft no
draft if I don't show this to the vlog
audience they're gonna be mad they
missed it Marlon let me see it let me
see it let me see it I was here that
cutter starving it's like that's the
vlogging camera that Elmo would carry so
I'm animal well he's my favorite Sesame
Street character and I'm gonna favorite
GPS guy to have had my good luck in my
review of this this is the rx100 mark 5
in my review of this I said that the
focus was a little slow I was wrong
Sony got in touch with me and explained
how to change the settings autofocus
here you
autofocus drive speed right change that
too fast
yeah now you're in focus now I'm in
focus fast right right thank you for
letting you know Sony but also why not
have a chip with the autofocus and fast
right cuz I was supposed to figure that
out all my stuff was a bigger than up
yeah
no nobody knows that he is the saying I
just love those I go there what you
I haven't done this in a while but I'm
going to do a QA the reason why I
haven't done it is because I really love
to having a sweet intro to the QA
segment and I haven't shot a new one so
I'm just going to keep this short then
I'll shoot a new one and they'll be
awesome again my Q&A format is I just
sort of tweet and say ask some questions
people asking questions on Twitter I
answer them right here
my healthy snack selection first first
question that says can you put this in
the vlog yes sure no problem consider it
done
we need a father-and-son vlog well Owen
is at college right now on the other
side of the country I know there has
been a father-son video in a long time
but that's what happens when the kid
goes to college do you get sick of
traveling yes I still have to travel but
sometimes I wish that I could stay here
and focus more hi Casey
so do you like living in New York City
or would you rather move somewhere else
ah New York City is my favorite place on
planet earth I absolutely love living in
New York City I do foresee a time when
we move we've talked about in the past
but it's tough to raise children here
but besides that this is like the
greatest place ever how's Owen doing
College is doing great I need to get
like a 3.8 GPA yeah he's in fantastic
what music do you listen to when you run
I like to listen to podcasts you get
really like focus on what you're
listening to you pay attention you start
to forget about how long you've been
running and it makes the pain go away
who makes your great pocket - I don't
know I'm not wearing that I'm wearing a
billy shirt by my wife Candice link
below Canon or Sony um I love them both
cam fantastic I switched to Sony because
all of my vlogs across the board now are
4k even when I shoot on my cell phone
and canons really behind in the 4k
Department do I go to college or nah
that is a very complicated question I
think if you don't know what you want to
do definitely go to college it's a great
place to figure out what you want to do
what you want to spend the
of your life doing for a career if you
do know what you want to do and that
doesn't require a degree skip college
take the money you would have spent on
tuition and invest that in experiences
that promote what it is you want to do
how is Candace feeling about you
vlogging again you know Candace the
family they're not in the vlog as much
on season three and that's because I'm
trying really hard to not have this vlog
sort of interrupt my family life or my
personal life there are times with
Candace and me that feel entirely
appropriate to have her in it and she's
psyched and I'm psyched like we're in
Miami feels like family time I make a
more concerted effort to keep the camera
away
what point-and-shoot camera do you
recommend I'm a pretty big fan of the
rx100 Mark five where do you get your
boosted boards from booster board so how
long is the blow that alas this time hey
Casey I'm those double of in the last
rocket I am scared mommy that is a good
question because this vlogs not gonna
last forever there will be an end to
this vlog probably in a few months and
then I'll take a bunch of time up and
then I'll probably started up again with
the season for the reason behind that is
the first season I had no idea didn't
think I'd ever end it and that like
really wait on me heavily but thinking
of this series thinking of this show is
something that's cyclical has a
beginning has an end and it starts up
again it's much easier for me to sort of
wrap my head around it makes me love
this more so this will end I just don't
know what if you blogging would be H oh
well vlogging now is kind of my
part-time job you know I work for the
company that I founded that's now owned
by CNN that is my job so my job is
building a media and technology company
vlogging is something I do because I
love I love doing it how do I like my
steak I like my steak like you know
medium rare ish I read somewhere that
our president likes his steak well-done
would ketchup I don't like it I don't
like my steak well-done Casey so I am
moving to New York next month
in Iceland just grab on for dear life
this city has a way of kicking people's
asses like you cannot imagine my advice
is make sure if you're moving here
because this is where you want to be
because there's nothing easy about
living in this town alright that's it I
hope you enjoyed the new I hope you
enjoyed the Q&A is back you know here
Dan awesome to intro so Q&A will feel
more complete in the interim I usually
do second
hey Kenneth are you are you okay going
to LA tonight
yeah there's an 8 o'clock flight sure ok
cool
ok great and we'll take the baby ok cool
clay back just so you know it's
currently 5:15 p.m. and that flight is
in three out three three hours no big
deal this is going to be a slightly
stressful evening got to go home pack up
the whole family and then we have about
an hour to get the airport and then
we're flying over night with the baby
but should be fun to be fine wish me
luck
you
that's a stop here for a second this is
a magical spot in a magical time in all
of Manhattan ready okay so it looks like
the sun's coming from there
but then the sun's also coming from
there and this isn't Star Wars there
isn't a planet with two suns that's the
actual Sun and then the way they built
this building here it reflects the Sun
but always like ten minutes a day look
how evenly I'm lit this looks like movie
lighting does anybody else care about
this there's just like a filmmaker thing
and now look now just one light of a
dick one light you're light one light
two suns
- that's the new suitcase so excited
about this given no idea okay this is
great so it's perfect that we're going
on this trip tonight this is made for
babies okay where does the baby go I
just want to make sure that you're okay
with getting out of plane right now and
learning the Los Angeles College has I
had a value message that's a doctor -
Wow cool everything I should take volume
everywhere it's a terrible idea
what are you going to possibly put in
that for 24 hours and California well
you don't have to take this big one you
could just take this well I thought you
didn't take the whole thing
intimidate you sit on it I'm only going
for 48 hours in a packing nine pair of
underwear you never known you just don't
want to take chances when it comes to
underwear do you think we're going to
make the play
the flights at 8 it's 56 right now
you'll think we're gonna make it if we
miss the play I just want to make sure
it's because you forgot the bottle not
because of me all right Kirk and it's
going to help me with this system yeah
if Casey
you
flight takes off literally in 37 minutes
here let me take the baby the babies in
the future what are you doing no but
we're really late for what should we do
and it's just a baby I'm going through
the quick line with all the bag I think
we're probably okay
they took our check-in so it's probably
taking flight without it
couple fans in the back of the plane
this is my first insight Rita it about
something had all the kids okay baby
scream the whole fight but it's fine
we're in California
