happy birthday
hello and welcome to the blog today's
episode well it didn't really make any
sense there was a real lack of cohesion
caring through the narrative of the day
so I thought I would sit here on this
couch and help lead you through some of
my stories you know that girl
Kelsey the one that works at Samsung
that everybody likes and all the people
in the comments want to marry live well
today is Kelsey's birthday and I'm on
the way to her birthday lunch it might
be a surprise the list was at this great
little spot in the West Village
we were tucked in a small room in the
back of the restaurant
oh my gosh guys are full of surprises
you're playing this it is hard to
believe that Kelsey's only 25 years old
for a person as successful and capable
and responsible as that Kelsey if only I
knew what you knew when I was your age
Paul and I were not invited to be a part
of that selfie just our be selfish I'm
hijacking facing camera up dude ha ha ha
did you see Kelsey's balloon 25 she's in
92 as well I'm turning 25 this year big
year okay bye thank you hey watch it her
toys I think I'm the only person in the
world that has these trusses my god
thank you Charlie but we're gonna do it
goodbye ladies why
it was just a quick job from the West
Village to the Westside Highway
that's where my next appointment was
every day every morning I run this like
my running route I run by here every day
I see like Ferraris and Porsches and
Lambos and all these other sweet cars
we're always parked right in here so I
give it email not from that guy the guy
who runs this operation he's like hey
why don't you come check out my cars and
I was like hey I'd love to come check
out your cars
whoa
well
whoa
what's up
welcome to the consulate man Genevieve
yeah yeah all right this is Mike Mike
this is your operation the booze my
uppers okay like I want to hang out but
I'm kind of in a rush I'm late for a
meeting and my skateboard dead can you
give me a ride and one here you got a
pic yes I can
well what what do you think what should
I die me Mike the Caterham right there
you live right down the street yeah what
do I need to know before riding in the
Sun it's scary
hahaha you should buckle your seat belt
and probably wear a helmet yeah this is
exactly what I want to ride it are we
gonna freeze I'm fine with that we go
fast enough little three foot so long oh
yeah that's good
I didn't ask too many questions about
this car but Mike assured me it was
street-legal it's hard to believe that
you're allowed to drive that thing
that's on the road like it's a Honda or
something I was playing it through the
hallways doing the hard way just to
get a name up on the board like a boss
takes all day like Kanye when I was in
the eighth grade
college dropout banging loudly - and
Keysha let on margin time lag with all
the magic like it where I can't get my
epidural top of them with a filter man
really Harry be the scenario lava stay
in there what I got they'll pull it up
like a poncho no milk but I can't no
more Nikita with lonzo's Chris Guinea
defended my baby like never Broncos we
can made it some lady's couple miles
like
thanks for the ride this is way better
than an uber
there was traffic actually got out there
and road by scape was no batteries and
it back to the office where I then had
an important business meeting do you
want to hear the story of my new tattoo
I got a new tattoo remember last week
when my friend rel was here when is the
party next week
turn it down at the golden unicorn to
celebrate our Chinese heritage last
night was the party that he was getting
pictures from me for the celebration
okay at that party he had a tattoo
artist
great guy
Jeremy cool guy Jeremy is super talented
and they were giving away free tattoos
and when something's free you you take
advantage of it so
I gotta tattoo also like 20 other people
got the same exact tattoo but this is
the new tattoo right there
that I remembered I shot this great clip
yesterday about how I customize my and
you pointing to you cam run well I
figured since today's long haul stuff
anyway why not put yesterday's clip and
I didn't put in yesterday's video in
today's video I've been using this more
and more and see those two little holes
right there and right there those are
the microphone holes I gotta put this
little fuzzy thing over the microphone
hole so doesn't get so much wind noise
the trouble is look and then look so
somehow I've got to put this between
these two moveable
nice Hey
oh alright and now there's no wind noise
tell yo and that was the flaw so I hope
you enjoyed it I realized a little bit
less conventional than normal but uh
yeah see you tomorrow well actually a
special announcement while we're here I
may not be posting a blog for the next
couple of days see we're traveling
because we're traveling to his family
and I don't know sometimes when we
probably for family I try not to vlog
out of respect in any event if there is
an episode tomorrow please don't be
upset know that I'm with my family and
I'll be back soon
