yesterday what should have forgot to
finish my I didn't upload yesterday he
on Saturday on Saturday I dropped the
family off at the airport i socio with
them but we decided last minute that me
spending five days of the in-laws would
probably be a terrible idea not a big
fan of using your blinker are you
Candace there they go
goodbye family goodbye
drop the family off at the airport and
then yesterday Sunday I had this big
idea to shoot this amazing episode that
started with me going on a significant
run it's Sunday
Candace and the baby are out of town but
go ahead and take advantage of this free
time by going for a very serious run
right now I got a little carried away
with the run all right all right that's
one one miles too much thank four mile
five mile sit
that's seven miles I mean it was like
the first real warm spring summery day
of the year I just I just kept running
that's eight nine ten eleven mild kind
like you twelve months
all right mile fourteen then to these
guys and this guy all right I need like
forest coughs level kept running fifteen
fifty miles
seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty all
right I'm going to call it there that
was uh eating 21 miles great Sunday run
see in that that's where things kind of
fell apart that is 21 miles an easy 816
days I got back from the run and that's
when I was like going to shoot an
episode and do everything else get my
day started but I took one of those
showers you just got to stand there and
fall asleep standing up and then I
thought why not just lie down for a
second I haven't slept more than four
hours unless we pass out still light out
passed out and I just slept yeah so like
six in this morning that's why that's
why I miss an episode yesterday nah cuz
I was taking time off with the family
like I said but because I went for an
irresponsibly long run and then passed
out and then slept like 14 hours like a
hibernating grizzly bear and then Here I
am now it's Monday
alright well and I want to see that I
want to see that hat yes look at this
 this up you think this is a little
bit he's busy he think he's aware every
day the bum and I didn't contribute like
this you know like yeah oh you look like
a ball
did you see Marlon thanks a lot nice hat
Marlatt like that
maybe it's one getting old you know
people in the comments keep reminding
about how old I am
here's the thing about old when people
make fun of you and they tell you that
you're you're stupid
you cannot anonymous smart and then when
people like call you ugly things like
not on my mom says I'm super handsome
but when people tell you your old old is
objective old is a number that you
cannot hide from I am old I'm 36 yet I
guess that means that after a solid
Sunday afternoon run that I just can't
get out there and make a vlog because I
have to sleep for 14 hours all right
that's it now it's time to leave I now
have a clue 30 to 35 minute cab ride to
the airport I'll play up a half an hour
of downtime there then then like a three
and a half hours that's what the rest of
my afternoon look like
a lot of a ride to LaGuardia do you
think sir 30 minutes 30 minutes come off
the gas about 35 minutes you think we
can make it without stopping for gas I
got 14 miles left that's personal
that's person I'm going right out
goodbye New York City you will be min
how's the gas situation looking good
looking good looking good the carcass
all right thank you
and I am back at the airport
thank you for starting gasps slate board
then 45 have a little snack
lounge food wasn't bad it wasn't great
but it wasn't that
interesting situation here something
sure you saw it in the news but
yesterday there was this video of a guy
being ejected off the United flight four
they overbooked the flight they didn't
have a sefer and asked them to leave
he refused they dragged him off the
plane
whatever anything like that happens I
always actually thought what would I do
in that situation especially today when
I'm actually flying on a United play
wish me luck
I don't know what to say
this guy he's awesome little that's what
you want to say the vlog he's awesome
listen to you so far so good I think
we're going to make it to CSUN okay this
is a quick like 36-hour trip Owen and
Francine and Candice they're already
there for this meeting then definitely
books just as a Roger dog Jack
blaming landing now ladies and gentlemen
welcome to Houston local members
approximately 724 will be backing for
the next few minutes so please remain
seated while your people okay thank you
bye-bye
you don't have to say the flight
attendants and the staff on that flight
were just lovely but I read about 20
different accounts of what happened yes
in the plane where they do that guy off
I don't think I can fly United anymore
until they make that situation right
89th back I was just saying the boycott
United us what happened last night my
comics oh boy it's a myth it's two
stories you know I read everything about
it it's nice to meet you like reading
you you should be running the company
sure nice people like you okay take care
we're tasting yes me please accent
let it be
bring the camera in there I'll see you
tomorrow
