it's 6:45 in the morning there's a car
waiting for me outside I gotta go look
that's me
okay and we get a cup of coffee you want
anything
yeah small coffee milk in Chinese so
that's it that's us say event John
appreciated driving out today no
airplanes to Princeton New Jersey going
to it's a high school but it's called
it's a high schooler at the boarding
school called the Hun school they asked
me to come talk to their students about
you know what it is that I do I love
those opportunities and that's where
we're headed right now I feel like we
left like an hour and a half earlier
than we needed to so it's a coffee
I think this is it okay welcome you well
I'm glad you found us you're not cool
with us need hungry hi Ellen
yeah I'm built I'm worried with all it
takes you Steve nice to meet you well me
and I late well bad it's okay
and we like that so I was awesome ago
yes all ready
what's happening out there I feel so bad
I'm so sorry I'm wearing sari all right
kids are really excited
yes all right so I didn't I'm in New
Haven Connecticut now I didn't take any
video while I was on stage talking cause
I was busy talking
but that lovely woman Maureen the woman
I was apologizing to for being late
she sent me all the spirit footage so
all of this footage is from Maureen she
didn't send me drone footage
I'm not sure what's happening now that's
it for my talk orden merit so we're here
at hunt school I went here and I did but
we were in New York and we drove over
for the stock I couldn't believe that
Kathy wasn't gonna be in you guys doing
sylia thank you wow what a great
experience
all right back to New York
oh good to be back in the city real time
like a cinderblock shotgun shells and
one screw the blank box I get a lot of
questions on whether another thing is
truly danger so I want to make a little
demonstration all right here we go
somebody sent me an exploding box with
shotgun shells thank you
Keiji rain is not from 2000 designer
definitive i'd love for you to wear this
hat and a blog Malcolm I'm happy to
oblige coffee makes you think you can
climb Mount Everest productive for a
couple of hours then jittery and I don't
want you to think I'm not being grateful
for sending me tea
I do appreciate it but there's no need
to bash coffee alright like we have
difference of opinions here coffee is
probably my favorite vice I like coffee
in the morning I like coffee in the
afternoon I like coffee all the time so
again thank you for the tea but I'm
still gonna drink coffee and I will
drink your tea hey Casey big dent on
today's laws you're trying to take your
safety on roads more seriously I love
hearing that when I help you towards
that goal
I make bicycle wraps Brent thank you ahh
I really ride a bike getting water light
a safe word but I will still wrap my
bike I will find a purpose for these
high visibility raps just want to say in
advance
I always appreciate the artwork on the
boxes this this is lovely dear JG thank
you for being such as my Jesus Thank You
Norah Hill thanks a letter Norah whoa
look at these cookies Norah made me a
boosted board my sunglasses my thing a
play button Nora thank you for the
cookies I'm on a very specific diet
right now that does not include cookie
so I'm not going to eat them but thank
you for the cookies Nora your kitchen I
want to share with your product I
created which had great impact on me and
my three-year-old Timmy
oh it's a bowl you put a toy in the
bottom the kid plays with it and then
they get to eat the toy thank you very
much
James I also really appreciate James
that you're inventing things not enough
new things being made by people these
days
the job application Garen thinks the job
application I will forward this along to
my cohorts that beam thanks backpack
thanks other backpack there's the note
on it so has anybody in the gentleman
with you I thought you might appreciate
one of our reflective backpacks to keep
you safe
now fact that thank you Jason and just
the hype team last box I can see has a
birthday gift you I look for the gift
included are a few of my company's new
summer pool floats as well their top
selling I thank you mad at npw gifts I
really like the crown all right thus
concludes today's mail time ah been a
while since I've done the mail time I
hope you enjoyed it keeping the crown
I'm bringing this home for Francine I
think she's going to love it
was cool
