guys have a really bad idea
I don't know that I've ever seen fog
like this in New York City before
blazing it's like San Francisco
I get asked a lot how I shoot the
time-lapse while I run I shoot them on
my phone and then while I'm shooting
it's highlighted I do push ups gonna
make my runs a little more of a dynamic
workout
I got a I got about a half a day in the
office today because like I travel
tonight but here here like most of it I
don't think you think that I think is
the total marketing scam by towards the
right and do that we both we both in
Africa but it's the same idea sure we
don't have any necessary everybody keeps
asking if Jackie still alive jack is
alive and well still here still kickin
are you coming on this big romantic trip
that we're working on hey guys she
talking will feel like a year away you
talked to the lady about I did yeah she
intends you to do it I think she doesn't
really want to use down there
downstairs is coming along really really
well Jake gets a geek out pick out all
this expensive gear to buy it
all right Jake so long farewell Casey
almost there
II
Penn Station New York City's a super
brief history lesson Penn Station
easiest beautiful building built 1901
and then in 1963 they demolished the
beautiful building and replace it with
this total hole embarrassment of a train
station this dump
Avon and veggie paella on a tuna gonna
be the favorite a
I'm gonna pass them we're gonna lose the
man let me not be Dynalite on me gonna
be not bad yeah Johnny have another no I
mean low ceilings
fostro phobic in here it's always
crowded something's always broken if
it's not a town you come to New York
City visit Grand Central Station it's
beautiful it's amazing it defined this
thing avoid this place at all cost when
you get the physically disabled thing
not poverty humans we need beauty and
train station that's where people come
in and out it should be beautiful Penn
Station is not beautiful
for our train ride hold it halfway there
when to Haven we have a stop here for
one minute
I was trying to see if I get that shot
before the train took off I don't know
we just left New Haven or whatever so
probably like 10 or 15 minutes but come
out on the fortune wave so I'll see you
I don't think they'll slow down long
enough for you to throw me a sandwich
but I might be able to see you wave that
I don't I don't think the conductor's in
a stop but I will ask cuz I would love
it to Anna sandwich this train goes
exactly by my dad to coffee shop
nope not yeah last car I see you I see
you
I say dad I saw you all right see you
later dad but it's fun all those were
opening a bottom I go in the back bank
all right I'm in Boston
bitch
yeah crew team right there who do you
guys go for OKC what's up dad nice to
meet you thank you a lot
yeah you're in the world yeah hey Tonya
so have an hour and 20 minutes to kill
before my talk before my talk tonight I
need to really get an internet
connection so I can upload a video I
have an idea
all right that that is the MIT Media Lab
home of some of the best internet on the
East Coast this is my MIT ID that
expired
June 1 2014
see if I'm still welcome in my old
stomping grounds
man the memories are flooding back you
see you do you see how he's been
oh just lucky time of the year
it's good to be back here I used to
spend so much time in this area right
here the lab I studied in was right
there great to be here and just you know
I'm not breaking any rules by being in
here these public areas are open to
students and former students and
whomever it's just the labs you're not
allowed to go into unless you're have
permission it's so cool to be back there
the Internet is stellar
good to see you I'll see you in New York
I'll do this I'm putting you in my video
I ran into one of my lab mates my former
lab mates Kim what was it like sharing a
lab with me for those for that for that
time productive haha I gotta go good
this year
I can buy Media Lab
how many runners in Boston how many
North East LA now that the universal
here at Boston fairly excited about this
talk tonight very excited rook enjoys
our talk I'll see you drag good for you
I think you in a second I talk to you
yeah thanks so much so I'm in the right
place the person who's like my handler
is like showing me where to go tonight
he's coming to meet me right here these
talks that I always do and you see me
travel to in these episodes but I never
actually show the talk basically it's
like it's always different but I share
my experiences both in my career and in
my personal life and it's something I
love doing and I try to say yes to to
almost every opportunity all right so
we're getting started after everything's
getting prepped everything looks good
ask ask wanna do is common three points
how can you guys get how can you guys
get to come in first how can you get a
good see your the organizers yeah thank
you for having this this is going to be
great this really awesome I couldn't be
happier to be here right now when I'm
not excited about in the fact that I'm
taking home a train that leaves here at
10:00 and yet we're at this city like
2:30 in the morning are you introducing
me yeah are you nervous yeah you can
have any questions I can answer
yeah okay good luck thank your mother
name is to meet you
that's it now I've got a four and a half
hour ride back to New York City I get in
at 2:30 in the morning
midnight did ya
Johnny ever done I don't wanna be when
you get the Penta morning when that big
bell ring was a monitor diva me the same
old thing not talking on 14
