so what look what are my fellow weather
gear waterproof pants or protect it
waterproof cell phone still wet today
today I'm going to be unboxing my new
camera okay camera unboxing first I
really like this hat thank you for
sending it to me as I mentioned in an
earlier talk about my new gear setup my
main shooter now is this thing the Sony
a 65 hundred this is what I used to use
this thing is much much smaller I also
am constantly impressed with the image
quality of this Jake and I shot a video
for beam last week and we shot half of
it on his gigantic red in 8k and we shot
the other happen this little guy cut
them together hard to distinguish one
from the other but I want to get back to
what I used to have this dorky camera
stack on my hip at all time I used to
call this my daily carry like my sidearm
my old daily carry was a canon g7x I
still highly highly highly recommend
this camera its stellar its dependable
it's tough its low-light is incredible
it's not 4k the Sony rx100 mark 5 very
excited about this little guy now I use
the previous version the image was
stellar the image was better than the
Canon but it wasn't that dependable and
the focus sucked alright so this is a
test of the Sony rx100 Mark 5 versus the
Sony a7r - this image right here is
coming off of a camera and lens
combination that's about five thousand
dollars and this is off this little
point and shoot which is I remember how
much this thing cost but it's around
$1000 what do you think of the quality
difference
it looks good alright I'm checking the
focus on this thing ready focus behind
me
so if is in front of me kind of slow
maybe I'm doing it wrong okay focus over
there focus on me
this is how you've long you're filming
something cooled me switch to your face
near like hey that was really cool and
when you say that part it should be in
focus and it's not I think I didn't set
the autofocus right alright so I
wouldn't I wouldn't judge this thing on
this shot alone I will give it an
exhaustive test but I'm very excited
about it and until then it will live
right right there on my hip you got
everything you need yeah I did thank you
very much when's the party next week
worldwide celebration though this is
gonna be good thanks for the trip down
memory lane
I know good to see you I hope those
pictures were about yeah all right
well Freddie Braille me Rell van Ralph
and Ralph Katie band Katie
Braille van Casey smoking cigarettes and
ro that was an unannounced unexpected
visit for my friend rel short for Ariel
Wells one of my oldest New York City
friends he's having a huge party next
week to celebrate like the 10 year
anniversary of him starting his
production company he was here to dig
through all of my old photo archives for
this like Bar Mitzvah wedding kind of
slideshow they're going to play during
the party through that digging through
the archives process we stumbled upon
this gem let me let me set this video up
this video is from 2007 this is a decade
ago and my brother van and I were hired
to shoot some videos in Colorado I think
I've told you this story before instead
of doing that we like bought a van and a
little minibike and we tried to remake
the movie Dumb and Dumber just when I
think you couldn't possibly be any
dumber and rel who came with us rel and
I tried to remake that exact scene I
apologize for the low video quality in
2007 they did not have
or K
where the hell did you get that some
some kid in town Trey them straight up
to the van
you know something Casey just when I
thought you couldn't get any dumber go
and do something like this and totally
redeem yourself we're really done you
believe how young we were all right
after you downstairs the beam now
actually I've got kind of a big demon
ounce and today a second ago we were
having April to giraffe a lot of ejector
because you have the baby Josie today
why didn't we Toys R Us are they
sponsoring the novated what was burning
down their game it smells like a little
like fire no yeah I think they're how
much harder would this channel day to
watch it I was always lit like that
big announcement big announcement does
it look better these lights on it's just
ridiculous we don't need a need light
we're just going to tell the camera that
you're joining the team like it's not a
whole like poly there's not a whole lot
to do now we got to have a beautiful
frequent lighting setup okay rolling on
the chair yeah I think that I think
you're a dramatic entry were you rolling
on a chair okay the big announcement is
Jake Roper has joined the beam team as
our director of production which is a
pretty big deal that's the whole
announcement that's it but I will still
be having my own YouTube channel vsauce3
W my own thing but also working here be
making awesome secrets
it's exactly like it's exactly like I I
still have my YouTube channel to make
videos like this Jake still gonna be
doing his YouTube channel but together
with the rest of the force including are
you recording it in your phone all right
that's it I still haven't really
explained what we're doing it being
maybe next we can make a video K next
week
I'm pumped Jake me too
I gotta go home it's so far right
outside I mean like really really coming
down out there certainly I could take a
taxicab or an uber or something but not
just from the foul-weather pant save
myself the $11 and ride my skateboard
home follow other pants reflective
piping high-visibility jacket reflective
stripes tail light front lights I
protect him
yeah this goes riding a boost of worth
through New York City in the pouring
rain it's just like a double double
terrible idea
it is wet
