I hope that makes sense eight and half
miles into my run right now and my mom's
in town this weekend gave me a really
hard time about these sunglasses she
asked me to bring back the ones with the
white just go ahead and comment below if
I should stick with the purple or switch
back to the white okay I would run all
now hey so I made the pool
thank you Monday morning
big week this week I've got two business
trips one to New Jersey one to Boston
nothing too crazy both are for for
speaking engagements and I think we're
going to Texas although that might be
next week nope nope
Texas is this week they try not to
travel as much for work lately like stay
here Beach so let's get it done and
that's been going yeah it's been going
well
probably a lot for work can be tough on
the family so that's also been going
well keeping it clean this week
yesterday's episode I I showed you we
talked about the new beam HQ and I
introduce you to Jake who just joined
the team a lot of questions in the
comments about what's he doing and what
are we doing at beam I want to get into
that because I'm very excited that Jake
is here hey hey don't how do we Jake how
do we explain how do we explain what it
is that you're that we're doing together
now that's a good question
I feel like maybe we should go outside
what do you think of it right
so the company the beam the app we shut
down with Kenan bought the company but
the company is something much more than
just that act and now we're building out
like a media wing to that company and
that's where Jake referred so I was in
Los Angeles lived there for a year and a
half moved from New York to there and it
was uh it wasn't for me it just wasn't
my I wasn't my thing so when you know
Casey came Colin was like hey we're
doing this amazing of a beam let me tell
you about it of again of course so I
moved out here last week got an
apartment
and yes okay let me break down for you
exactly what exactly one is we're trying
to do okay trying to save time not being
that the company here at the middle and
the company is what may be me app when
CNN bought being the company we shut
down being the app because it wasn't
doing very well so what there's a tech
game intellectual property thankful
resources no zu s oh and all the other
company resources so even though the app
is dead but even though the app is dead
the company itself is still very
valuable so you think it's gonna be
legible say that so now being that
company in addition to being a tech team
with intellectual property in all kinds
of resources we're not building a media
arm to the company it's going to have
shows and we're going to have our own
YouTube channel and we're going to have
other stuff and this this over here this
is where Jake fits in the meet on the on
the media stuff it is big and the last
and the last important thing is use one
of my valuable sticker my channel and my
channel these these sort of live in
their own bubble over here and this is
important because I'm still going to be
doing blogs and shows like this Nick
still be doing is Vsauce we still have
our channels this is what we're trying
to build together and this is
this is still ours I hope that makes
sense
let's go back outside we wanted to shoot
this scene outside but we needed a table
so we could do that like funny cut we
slap it Yomi okay we go find an apart
let's just we're in a playground we're
not just a park it so it's a playground
filled with children in a park we're two
grown men new playground filled with
children with a video camera let's go
we're so right now we are in the throat
of New York City's Chinatown one of my
favorite places have you ever been to
game land no doesn't involve arcade you
genuinely don't know what it it no is it
the giant arcade yes okay I dunno I
think I've shown it before on the vlog
but Chinatown ser or game land is like
this old it's an arcade in New York City
that existed in the 80s but it just
happens to still exist I proposed last
time you're in there remember I've just
seen on the Internet
oh you've never been never been there
Hey
what's up Wow don't believe the
what what games do you play in their
sound Baltics that's actually a rhythm
game is that we should check out yeah
never in my life this is like a gigantic
led that's what this is right LSD wall
so we can win tickets and play what fun
and
Wow healer and I remember saying male
primes back but no shortage of packages
a lot of packages but it has a rifle in
it isn't it more so looks like a
suitcase okay I'll see everybody else
tomorrow's episode where we're going to
be doing male time
