okay today on today's episode on today's
today's show we have a special
presentation kind of a special
presentation this this happens a little
different than the others
oh my god okay this is not this episodes
about check out the March issue of
resource magazine oh hey girl
okay um that's Candace by the way look
at her she ain't got no pants on I'll
cover of magazine special episode let me
set the stage 14 years ago 2003 New York
City here's me with my brother and my
sister it was little Owen there and with
my dad eating fried chicken or something
that's what I look like now this was
three years or two years before YouTube
was even born a DVD came out called palm
pictures director's label and it was
about a filmmaker named Spike Jonze if I
can create attack and nobody Sony means
by I mean it's like a teddy bear like
wanting to talk let me take home pretty
close me in the night just might explode
I mean look at him now you've got it no
Tom you invite super 8 you know Academy
Award nominee this guy has made some of
the most iconic music videos in in ever
he's also made some of the best short
videos he is now a four-time Oscar
nominee and an Oscar award-winning
filmmaker here the nominees the best
achievement in directing Spike Jonze of
Being John Malkovich best original song
lyric by karin o and Spike Jonze
nominated for Best Picture tonight her
now let's take a look at original
screening and the Oscar goes to Spike
Jones that directors label DVD which I
tried to find out I don't know that
directors label DVD had such an
impression on me that the greatest
ambition the greatest goal the greatest
dream I could come up with at that time
was to one day have my own directors
label DVD like to be honored the way
that Spike Jones had been honored so I
fired up Photoshop and I made my own
directors label DVD like artwork except
for instead of it saying Spike Jonze it
said knife stat brothers and then I went
to Kinko's and I made like a zillion
copies and then using I DVD on my iMac I
made my own directors label DVD where's
the movies that I made with my brother
on it
I wanted to share it with with my hero I
want to share it with Spike Jonze
so I found like a business address for
him or something and I mailed him that
DVD and he didn't respond so I mailed to
him again in response so I just kept
mailing it to him for like yeah this is
incredible
ok ok ok can you find a date July 21st
2004 this was a letter I sent to Spike
Jonze along with our DVD it reads dear
this is it after all these years
oh just a minute see you okay here's
your lair your headquarters this is nice
clothes nice let me give you the tour
let me do the tour I'm gonna show you
okay
I'm behind you save a copy this is like
the fifth fucking DVD I sent you what it
can respond about your thing you want to
hear what you think of our work I don't
think that it's a lot to ask nobody
likes douchebag so I wrote you a
original thanks a lot for making so
except you pretty really cool I dunno
I'm a dick but it still doesn't help to
be reminded of it by a total stranger
I got your DVD o/l back and watched it
and thought you guys are cool
I had already seen the iPod thing online
but I'm not going to write anymore
because I'm straight-up douchebag and I
think I wrote enough to release my guilt
spike
and I remember getting the DVD I
remember your work but I don't remember
your letter or my letter I blocked that
part out er that's so funny I forgot
about that I forgot this not kind of a
fan letter just be exact the reason why
spike is here is because the Samsung
event tomorrow night we're doing like a
thing where we talk on stage and I'm
going to tell the story not a story of
that letter so we have we have like the
story of sort of how spike with the
original youtuber but before there was
YouTube this guy invented Jackass Brian
can be very of the earth no I won with
herself in nature in the universe I had
to make out spike that was terrible Cory
is very proud of her femininity maybe
she has certain treats that are very
masculine I think that's not like her
that was tongue in my ear can you don't
look at him oh you get a little fucking
baby
you're so pretty I sing you the letter
and I was expecting you like the next
day to show up at my door and be like
it's such an honor to meet you and now I
am
this has been 15 years in the making
Casey oh my god
despite its so true pleasure to meet
you're the greatest filmmaker ever you
got my letter yeah I got your letter I
hear you got my letter that I sent on um
August 21 2004 yeah yeah I just got it
it was lost in the man bit man so happy
to be here all right now before spike
leaves the studio here I'm going to
engrave his cell phone so that there's a
method described is what I came here for
us to get hungry okay here we go
shut this down this is like tattooing
somebody if I stole this wrong it's just
trouble I know that no do we spell found
row that was it did that look wrong how
do you saw sound I thought it was no
maybe it have to be right fo you and
right
nicely done what you wanted to get this
line sorry open to redo it this is that
line right there I can do it
you know never redo it like it alright
let's see if it works
ready oh yeah it still works no problem
yeah I mean we'll see about a function
we don't we are you bad bad method cop
invited on Superman fun dude if you I'll
see you tomorrow night
thank you guys to meet yourself yeah hi
guys I think we get it bye guys
I mean I can't tell you what it's like
to like but I would worship that guy
when I was coming up
that would be enough to get us out of
our day jobs unless of course you
reserved a certain love with your day
jobs
I'm going to have a good job sir
