back at the rehearsal place that
yesterday means and people here prepping
for tonight guys okay with suss out
notes uh yeah okay I'm great I think
Dylan's a little stressed I'm good I'm
at like a 1 alright we've worked on it
like what q10 got a boosted board would
only like my arms around look at good
candidates that piggyback on the booth
together let's be awkward with you max
we just spent the last four hours three
hours two and a half we just spent the
last couple hours rehearsing I feel
really strong we were finding the script
for tonight's like huge presentation
that's going to be good I'm going to go
with max now back to his hotel room
tell if you haven't shot anything gets
my video yet let me just put your face
in it some people like it something
that's not like fun thank you next put
the coffee down coffee is foreclosed by
guys carry got you thanks I see put that
coffee down
I love these guys we can talk not
because I don't want to ride my
skateboard but I'm going with these guys
okay now have you ever had one of these
injections before I've never had an IV
injection before
what are they injecting you it beats me
it's supposed to be good good things
vitamins here you know anything about
this injection process yes like I think
you do when you have a hangover like in
Vegas they they have these some it's
bands that drive around and you like
they'll pull over you can get in what do
you view it like hydrate you it like
gets you over your hangover and I guess
if you haven't slept it helps
is it like a nurse I hope you can avail
I hope that there's some insulin in
there just to lower my blood sugar
levels after these cookies they're not
here yet and maybe they were but then
they went away your injectors mmm nurse
ratchet I've never been I've never saved
it before
look at this place all right
I'm here because I wanted to get an
inject I want to see nasty had an
injection I'm not sure I'm ready for a
roll up my sleeves here find the right
vein then I have to go home I have to
get change
I have to go to the studio and then I
have to be at Lincoln Center by 4:00
p.m.
travel with a computer monitor yeah this
is what's in your suitcase not normal
what is this thing wait hold on one of
these my microphone but where did that
come from
I think my injections here hello do you
have to the injection yes not an
injection
oh yes I'll take the drip yeah how am I
done I'm about to create a sterile area
okay you know this because you are
saying spotting twice last week three
times so what wasn't happening that I
don't do it good right right no no I
just needed to be ready for it
this is making very comfortable to watch
um okay Oh
Saxon studio super quickly double Orion
pain your big days like warm winters
over summer summer coming that's it
that's all I need to do now I got to go
3:56 right now I'm supposed to be
Lincoln Center at 4:00 and before I go
there I have to go home and get changed
and all that so I don't know what I
should wear when I'm supposed to wear
when in doubt wear a suit all right I'll
just okay
just about there traffic's been brutal
okay let's be there at 4:00 it's for 55
it's okay
totally fine this thing doesn't start
till 7:00 I'm just going to get out here
sir that's okay I made it what's up fool
oh oh how do you feel from your
injection ah I feel I don't know I'm I
feel good but tired so I tell you
there's somebody here who can cut my
hair right now okay there you goddamn
girl you clean up nothing I told you
I'll suck already all right I don't have
heels on how do you think how do you
think I look I'm going to be like this
much taller once the whole thing is that
it does look you look like you're I've
never I've never worn one of these
before in my life and I don't know if I
ever want to again looks like you're
like Madonna gonna do a dancer sitting
up there you get nervous that he just
sort of goes then I don't get nervous I
just get super thin okay is Mike hot
right now
oh no no one's recording me not until
you put monsters okay are you doing Wow
yeah couldn't you get a bigger screen
you know what this is this is reversals
like not this is like the doors open in
an hour this is last networking there's
really no way to capture the magnitude
of this screen the only way to do it
would actually receive I kind of
attached to your fuckin lobby better
I don't know I'm self-conscious at all
so remember this model doesn't see my
name it doesn't say your name
it does see not much just a nice dress
rehearsal how do you think it went
I think I got it tighten up hey no
matter how much we screw up we know that
you're going to save us Francesca clean
up your ride and clean up I'm ready
all right this is it I don't think I'm
gonna bring my camera out there we start
in about 20 minutes
wish me luck I guess all right miked up
everybody's ready Tracy's here
apologies for you'll have to excuse this
interruption I've been struggling to
finish this video
I meant to upload it days ago I just it
didn't make any sense the flow was off
and I realized that I never gave it any
context I was focused on making that
night great but I didn't film for the
vlog any context of what's going on
so let me explain for my god hey guys
this night this was a crazy idea that me
and some of the people that I work with
at Samsung pitched to the bosses and it
was to have a night that just celebrated
creators youtubers artists musicians
like people who made things and that the
boss that Samsung said okay which is
crazy during it you're a tiara so we
flew in like a hundred creators and we
invited a lot more of not everybody
could make it and the only people that
were on the stage were creators the host
was Francesca she's a she's a youtuber
my friend Chantal is an artist she gave
a performance and fell but now she's
killing it how's she doing
we had Tracy Morgan who's a comedian
talk about a fact that he grew up in the
ghetto and then rose up being very
successful it was a night for creators
about creators and it was completely
done by creators
I stole some of this fridge for my
friend Sam link to his videos below it
was magic and I have to say it was one
of the greatest nights of my entire
career
