are what are you eating we can either
stick since to sweet man John made it I
can't eat all this
welcome Batman well it's already
recording you right now Katie yesterday
I was in Miami any Katie you have a
tough on I think you know what to do
great Monday not an ordinary Monday
though it's a really really big workweek
lot going on just finish the whole green
healthy grain juice and what do you know
my dear friend Oscar stopped by what's
up Oscar
hey happy birthday Casey what is new
what is my what did you get me for my
birthday Oscar the last apple fritter
that was for sale face off because I
have to do thanks Oscar matching like
six dozen or something together but they
just had one thank God
with this season of the vlog I'm going
to make a more concerted effort to be
more responsible I know I've talked
about helmets in the past and I haven't
really followed through that but I'm
saying this here now because I'm hoping
you'll help hold me accountable at night
I also wear a high vis jackets because I
think the most dangerous part of being
on the boost board at night is that cars
can't see you and this last one I'm
trying to be much more responsible with
how and where I fly drones some of the
more ambitious New York City drone
cinematography of vlogs paths will
probably remain in the past and I'm
going to try to be more because lots of
kids are getting these things I don't
want to set a bad example I hope you
understand
so well I'm trying to be more
responsible not flying drones where
they're not allowed until this space is
built out the new office will be the
drone testing grounds I'm working so far
yeah
totally fine we are going to be putting
desks and people all kinds of stuff down
here and at that point in time it will
cease to be the indoor drone playground
but until that day come for different
reasons thing afloat that was drone
drone testing in the new production
facility got to make a quick trip to
midtown or dry it out why is it raining
out we come us out out of here i boosted
board to stop working it was either the
pouring rain or maybe the battery's dead
but no it stopped working
oh now works
now it works now we're totally fine
that's why I'm going we'll just tell if
anything I'm saying is not accurate fall
all right so what is going on here is
Wednesday
Samsung has a big event so far so good
right I say with the events about it's
an unpacked event where they announce
there so far so good
can I not say that I can't say that look
if they announce a new product that
happens in the morning at night they're
doing this huge event that's just for
creators like mostly youtubers some
artists some musicians I'm like I'm a
big part of it I'm kind of like I am one
of the speakers there Francesca is one
of the speakers there it's at Lincoln
Center in New York City Wednesday night
that's kind of it so this is rehearsal
for that so I invite people won't get
word on that how many tickets you get
there my people how many there's over a
thousand tickets available E how do I
possibly give away a thousand I I have
to think of a way to do it so it makes
sense but I'll have a whole bunch of
tickets it's free like free tickets to
give away if you want to come or you're
going to tweet it out so you can just
say like let's like Twitter because I
threw the link down okay so all so I'm
going to put I'll link it below but I'm
going to tweet the how to get tickets or
whatever so if you live in New York City
or in the area you should come it's
going to be dope all right this is not
word as this is a just a rehearsal
warehouse well that's Dylan but this is
just a commercial warehouse space that
we were like practicing and they've got
great snacks summer are you excited for
Wednesday it's gonna be so fun it's
gonna be baller
I'm gonna be there my nails are gonna be
there let me see look look at these oh
it's magic
did you see yeah I'll sort it out I'll
see you guys later
sausage see you later Chelsea Dylan I'll
see you later
bye guys fine totally out of here
solid progress there all right back to
the studio
all right I gotta I gotta get out of
here in this box lies might in this box
why is my new video camera tomorrow
little restraint
tomorrow I will unbox my new video
camera what again not over I mean it's
not at home and release babysitter and
all that one thing after another after
another after another the entire day
completely managed it was it was just
another Manic Monday
