alright alright Joe should be here his
train is due any minute now
Superbowl videos part 2 begins now
that's yo haven't fished much about Penn
Station the vlog in a while it looks
I've been in the Penn Station and log in
a while this place is still the same
there is good luck Joe good luck
when I say Penn Station is a hold this
is Penn station's bathroom situation
literally porta-potties outside check
out their new sign too it's like come on
New York City get your head your recipes
it's got brakes
it's got accelerator
yeah we got a red light just maybe his
first time on a boosted board but Joe is
an expert snowboarder so drop the
bottles a little pathetic we are almost
there and both of our skateboards are
out of power two grown-ass men on
Electric skateboards with no power and
I've got a suitcase
it's crazy
just like to thank my sponsor SeatGeek
for making this entire thing happened
SeatGeek is an app that aggregates
tickets to live events across the
interweb and then they tell you if it's
a good deal or not and they also have
tickets to events that you can't get
that are hard to get to also when I
called them and pitched it on this crazy
movie idea to go to this game with my
best friend they made it happen so I
have to believe this companies run by
really cool people also there's a link
below if it's your first time using Tiki
they'll give you $20 off if you use my
name Casey in the below thing ok that
concludes this ad ad ad
how far is the trail kind of distance
we're talking about it alright it is day
one morning and you go it already no in
Minneapolis here it's 14 degrees out
I've flown and it's snowing but we are
champions and we're gonna go for a nice
morning run cuz that's a champion zoo
they were right about wearing
and I don't think that this is the right
way it's all barbed wire and snow Joe
we're completely lost Joe's in here
asking for directions okay great
Oh which way our yard a halfway point
holy smokes look at the snow it's
freezin we're both struggling pretty
good out here not struggling with the
running we both got that but with the
cold not wearing a hat was a mistake
okay we're ten miles out ten miles
already made it back to the Double Tree
in the end is like ten and a half miles
felt good to get out there it's still
cold very cold
so this is day one in Minneapolis we got
in late last night
the whole day today we have nothing
specifically planned kind of a bummer we
brought to boosted boards but the snow
means they're kind of worthless it's so
cold out right now that my camera's
freezing like those this building right
here this is where we started you're
lonely on this farm we're both
struggling boss so what what will you do
tomorrow if the Patriots understand
sports I appreciate when people are
really passionate about sports but you
always on a level that I I really really
don't I appreciate but I don't
understand so right now he's in this
tattoo parlor actually getting Patriots
tattoo on his foot ten years ago at the
Super Bowl when the Patriots lost Jill
really lost it
I don't know that getting a tattoo and
then having them lose well I just can't
imagine what might happen to the poor
the poor guys man
so what we'll just touch you mean if the
Patriots lose tomorrow I'm gonna have to
cover it up for a long time so you think
this is what's going to help them win
what is up with frozen pizza with frozen
pizza yes like take home pizza like
pizza you buy frozen and then take home
yeah we came to the grocery stores I
forgot my toothbrush but look at the
frozen pizza selection here already
frozen pizza frozen pizza
frozen pizza frozen pizza frozen pizza
frozen pizza have a look at this frozen
pizza frozen pizza frozen pizza it just
keeps going just keeps going this is
still frozen food look it's still frozen
pizza
still frozen teeth I mean have you ever
seen this much frozen pizza in your life
even five five single greatest selection
of frozen pizza I've ever seen
jessie has been here five minutes
they've never met before they're already
fighting about the Eagles in the page
weight tree turn the light on
yeah Casey Jesse and Jill right now -
where we going whole night with the
whole day
it's game day game starts in five hours
we are enjoying the hotel breakfast
buffet how was breakfast yeah it's
delicious it's delicious the eggs were a
little overcooked it was delicious we're
gonna pack up go to town get tickets
then what do we do it's also 22 degrees
below zero outside like Switzerland
during the war I will be remaining
neutral while I'm rooting for the
Patriots because I love the idea of
greatest of all time and I want Joe to
win
I'm also rooting for the Eagles because
Philadelphia man I hope this shows my
enthusiasm for the game and both teams
go team go
this is our uber here for tasty good how
are you
Cirie's them these are your tickets are
those get seats these are great seats
these are seeds
quick disclaimer I'm not allowed to film
anything that has like NFL logos or the
teams or any and it feels very strict
and I want to be respectable so you'll
have to forgive me but I'm going to sub
out all of the NFL footage for
placeholder footage you already know
what happened anyway
are you disappointed angry disappointed
last time I'm angry this time excuse for
that performance
