I got introduced I got in to see
Tomorrowland okay here's the man right
there Marlin I know I said it was cold
yesterday but my god today's the third
day of spring nature did you not get the
memo
it's just like just one of those morning
I got to go up to 15th Street right now
for a quick meeting and then I have to
get back down to being headquarters for
a design meeting that's all before 11:00
a.m. it's just like one of those
mornings and I work love
I know we haven't really spoken in a
good long while but I've been making a
concerted effort to take less meetings
and do less phone calls and instead
focus on what I do best which is making
things today's how does exception to
that phase all me
wait ladies and gentlemen Chantel Martin
good morning this is who my meeting is
with yeah right over there somewhere
right right over there
when I go I say and then I saw you so I
think we're both late I like the fan hit
charcoal trend I've ever been in but
it's not too fancy just to put my
skateboard into charges not a joke they
asked if I wanted coffee I said you get
me a juice and it was kind of a joke
like when I said that I was joking
there's 26 juices
did you stop talking without hit record
yeah I just your voice to stated at the
meeting went well did it go well
it was perfect did it go well pretty
well but nine I went really well
sorry I'm late guys
alright this was awesome that was a
design meeting downstairs it pretty well
yeah it went well I'm on my run this
morning this morning someone waved at me
and she grabbed me and I realized it was
it was my friend's wife she just she
told me that they're moving soon her her
husband and their two kids and they're
moving to an off-the-grid coconut farm
in India al Cydia it's an it's an
off-the-grid coconut farm in India this
this is a family that lives in New York
City the concrete jungle they've been
here for forever and they're taking
their whole life put it on the other
side of the planet on a coconut farm
this was like it was like a moment this
morning I wonder okay
those are these guys oh what's up what's
up let's go to Andrew oh he's trying to
take a cold day to come to the office
huh source should I help you with any of
your stuff
okay got it you've never been here like
this
welcome happening what's happening looks
exactly how I pictured it
okay all right let me just do an intro
not that everybody doesn't know who you
are
marques Brownlee hit he's maybe like
you're definitely one of my favorite
youtubers on the entire platform we're
going to make a video today well we make
you do it for your channel we're making
a video of your studio I would call it
but for my channel
haha God look at that feast I have
noticed that your shoes matches the
color in any of your camera and the name
and the backpack even a audio cable
desperately thing I'm just throwing it
out there like pretty solid color combo
you do those fancy movements by hands on
the flat stuff steady hand what if the
heavy enough weight that if I found that
I got to up the production of this
episode if I'm going to compete with
Marquez here this is what a slider looks
like see how the cameras sliding down
slider does this look Pro does this look
awesome Marquez what what is your
favorite thing that you've seen in the
studio so far out of everything you
would think in here it is this
representation of resolution on YouTube
and the mashed potatoes 240p yeah that
was so I could hold it up and it would
frame me yeah not a ninja
perfect so be sure to click here and
then click here
marques Marla get me mad and that's
Andrew Buster Andrew nice to meet you
guys
so what me shoot you guys didn't kiss
you then you guys are curious Video
Maker again a sort of a tour of a space
fun fact my dad's name is Marlon that's
just a fun fact of the day
Marlon was asking you yesterday what
camera he should get ya he was thinking
SLR not this rx100 is in a good spot the
rx100 is the sorely right ya know yeah
yeah iris 100 kisses all right I mean
that's this that's this Marlon yeah yeah
that's it I could do a camera I really
uh yeah well you have to pivot and the
slide all the actresses Shawn the shot
Andrew marques thank you
you see on the table your video side
don't forget to subscribe and check out
Marquez's channel definitely my
favorites on youtube i say that without
having seen this video yet it's gonna be
good don't worry yeah you have my full
confidence all right hey fellas guys
Oh
Oh
you need a dinner yeah snack at the bar
okay
Janice and I are trying to spend more
time together as like a married couple
so right now we're getting drinks after
work which apparently is what people do
if he's on the phone
Hokkien how much help you want I do
think that we just kind of went to bed
down monkey with your account but I
mostly just like vegging out okay all
right cool hi
good evening ever there
he's making plans to my birthday all
right you want to be in something fun
right now no my affidavit above what you
know I got to do this stuff don't go
thank disease
when love Randy
