yeah the vlogs back again well for me
and all the pretty chicks all wanna
smile let me get rest cast many all got
it
you
so yeah the blog's back I'm very very
excited about it
I missed it a lot but I want to explain
why the thinking behind starting this
thing up again
hi guys welcome for any out now just
exactly two years ago to the day
300 in 365 times to 730 days ago exactly
today is March 25th 2015 was when I shot
the very first episode of the vlog ever
I know that it was my 34th birthday and
also my 34th birthday today is my 36th
birthday today so four days ago on
Monday of this week I posted a vlog
episode and measured again on Tuesday
and then Wednesday and Thursday I didn't
even call them vlog just posted them I
didn't address it in those episodes what
I was because it was an experiment and I
have to say it sounds great and then
when I think back to why I stopped like
the frustration that I felt you know
what I explained right when I ended the
vlog was it it had gotten like easy and
what I meant by that is the creative
challenge which is what I love the most
I kind of stated and I spent a couple
months thinking about sort of what that
meant to me and I landed at a couple of
places one it was like before I didn't
see an end to the vlog it was just like
this thing that I was doing and that I
don't know it it sort of felt like
treading water versus swimming like to a
destination and I realized that the
impetus the reason why I originally
started the vlog two years ago was so I
could share with an audience
my company being like what it meant to
start up a company to maybe build an
audience that might be excited about
what I was doing and then you guys would
actually use the products we were making
and that worked and it was awesome and
you know it's the first year pretty much
of the vlog so much of it was about my
career beyond YouTube and that was a big
driving force and that's being started
to like drift
way as the company started to struggle
it became less and less of this show and
instead this just became like this
here's my day here's what I'm doing
trying to say and it became very routine
but I spent the last I've since the last
four months figuring out what this new
company what this new project what this
whole new thing is that I'm building
with CNN and I wanted to announce it on
the YouTube channel but it never felt
right so it's not like we're doing this
we're not like doing your show we're not
just building an app the company still
called bean but the company that we're
building is much more like a lab like a
laboratory where we we try different
apps you feel different software we make
different shows we're going to start a
YouTube channel we're going to it's a
whole bunch of stuff and the more I
thought about like how am I going to
share with my audience what exactly I'm
doing and then it was like think it was
like holy this is the exact thing
this is the exact same thought process
that predicated me starting the vlog in
the first place so here I am exactly two
years later starting another company and
all of a sudden I feel like I have a
purpose to do this again
and that's like what explains the
exciting for me that makes me feel so
good you know one criticism of the vlog
that I never understood was people were
like Kati I feel like you're just doing
the vlogs that you can tell us about
your company and I didn't understand
that as a criticism because that is the
main reason why I started the vlog and
that is the reason that I'm most proud
that is the aspect of the vlog that I'm
most proud to share with you I love
making videos I love sharing my life but
I also have a really big career and
something I'm super passionate about
beyond YouTube and having a vlog as a
way to share those other interests of
mine is a huge it's a huge source of
motivation for me and then the what is
that base it's like 4:00 in the
afternoon my Anders
I'm going to be speed up Miami for my
birthday was Candace's idea Bizet's is a
great idea
this is from you honey thank you happy
birthday okay you want to eat this okay
go ahead eat the whole thing pretty fish
look at my dad yeah sorry oh I think
we're just here till tomorrow but it
just started pouring rain out dad
but we have a babysitter it's 7 o'clock
she gets here at 7:30
Candice and I are going to put the baby
to bed and then go out on our date on a
birthday date so far this has been a
fantastic birthday coming to Miami was a
wonderful idea Candace thank you things
about the plane well going I don't know
silly movies water I mean we just go
back we just go back what's the funny
look on my phone with the perfect hotel
it
after some deliberation we're going to
go back to our hotel and have dinner
there
okay what
