I don't think our YouTube audience is
senior near here set your calendar
morning hon you got it nice to meet you
baller the car becomes today all those
eyes
snotty attic the closet was look good
right Grayson I love it
it's quiet he did I mean you cannot
imagine what a dump that basement used
to be and now it is like a few carpet
tiles away from being our new production
facility last week's out last week I
posted a video about this fundraising
charity efforts of my friend Jerome
started that I was psyched to be a part
of to raise money for the people in East
Africa affected by the horrible drought
and famine that's taking place there
right now now if you're a longtime
viewer of this channel you know I'm not
one who's eyes away from you know if you
use this platform to sort of share
causes that I believe in whether that
whether that's helping individual or
birds water cause like like what this
initiative is about but I have to say in
my life I could have never imagined I
mean we raised and this is not my doing
those guys Ben Stiller in Jerome those
guys did a lot more of the work than I
did I just made a video about it and I
shared it we raised there was 2 million
dollars
two million dollars to help people
affected by this horrible famine and the
important thing is in addition to all of
that money which will help people by
doing this fundraiser not only do we
raise the capital but we also brought a
lot of attention to a cause that needed
it huh these are my new house shoes
these are shoes that you were in the
house some might call them slippers but
these have good soles on them so I can
actually wear them too what is this I
know you're waiting in line for cookie
dough this whole block is just for
cookie dough your lines because you know
this whole line here is to come in there
is it like this every day and how good
is your cookie dough apparently
nice to meet you best of luck this place
just sells ice cream cones filled up
with cookie dough
Bosse off oh this is great
I'll see if I'm riding high oh it's
unreal together it's unbelievable we
just crossed communion right now but
here's the thing Rome it's not the two
million dollars it's the awareness that
comes out I was recording the first
thing because the communication is up
two million dollars raised Turkish
Airlines agreed to two hundred tons of
cargo in total yeah so we found a very
special product called clumpiness
basically if a kid it's one ball of it
every day for six weeks then it moves
from being almost dying to be being fine
I've bring ones we can say we didn't
raise the two million dollars to hand it
over to the UN or any NGOs it's actually
being all of the organization is being
done with people that we know and the
reason for that is to make sure that
every penny of it goes to help people so
all the haters in the comments saying
that all that cash is going to go to the
government or warlords or whatever well
there will never be cash handed over
only the foodstuffs and the product and
Jerome's actually working with NGOs on
the ground there to help distribute this
stuff so this is a Plumpy'nut
and we visited the factory database in
Rhode Island for baby it's for people
with less than five years old
we want to buy locally because locally
you can buy right there you can buy
flour and locally you can buy water
there's a lot of private companies
that's sending huge trucks of water we
have we are a drop in the ocean I think
that's the most important thing to
realize is that like we raised two
million dollars
we had 80,000 people behind this whole
thing and the impact we will make is
yeah this small group of 80,000 people
came together and did the maximum they
could you know a lot of people actually
Jimmy like I had $20 on my bank account
I gave 15 like that's so beautiful
good work and I'll see you soon I'll see
you soon bro I love you too
Candice's office
we're going we are going to Dean and
Mayas book party is it food there it's a
cup of party so maybe that would work
today honey
okay what's helping us associate this
floor
I'm good how you doing good to see you
how can we lose pictures of green team
with all her fire checking your friends
temperature it's like I saw that not
like oh my god off your doctor set yeah
cool yeah you know that in second grade
I went to Supercuts is that what it's
called where they all had the names on
the mirror and I said I wanted spikes so
I got spike to the top and then a bob
like this but then I went to st. John's
my preppy school and everyone was like a
lot of people there Candace
a lot of people here
which are the owner of this restaurant
you look a terrible mess with your resin
I sincerely you would expect what come
on Jason this will see the book launch
party for DS new book B
he is a restaurant child Jack's wife
Frieda true story fifteen years thirteen
ten years ago to always go to his
restaurant when Kenneth and I were
dating long story long being the owner
of this place we kind of credit our
relationship to him in no small part
Oh
