you have to commit to it so indeed so
cold it's crazy out here
I mean it's like I 15 degrees colder
than it was yesterday have you a
question somebody sent this to Canada to
me like a few months ago and many months
ago this cute picture of Francine it's
like in this lightbox
situation that goes like that is pretty
rated cable we don't know who sent it to
us but we love it if you send it to us
thank you
never Wendy I'm sorry about all the
space toys I have to go sit down thank
you where you going super eclectic this
is a that's that's the fear that this is
like a CNN event what is this is this is
like a sales event it is a sales event
the National Survey of events about 600
folks here so don't know that case yet
this is so much on the surprise he's a
surprise he's the grand finale
I thought Edison was a grand finale do
you have any advice for me when it comes
to my new relationship with CNN I don't
know not super helpful and want to save
my money okay no so this is a this is a
CNN thing it's a chief sales meeting
conference to ask me to come and talk
it's like to do it I haven't met any of
these people yet so this is a good way
for me to get to know them they've
cleaned out their food right here
oh when it's done press this red button
and then you can turn it off with this
way let's just film me walking out and
can I make you look cool
later Anderson wait they just told me
a lot of a lot of interest in what
cameras are using in these current
episodes everything's in 4k now I think
everything looks better it's crispy or
its cleaner the colors are better so let
me get into it real quick
all right so every episode I literally
think every single episode of the vlog
was shot in this bad boy it can in a
didi before I use the Canon 70d the last
couple of days that have been shot on
this little guy this is the Sony a 65
hundred and then these studio formal
shots are on an a7 s or a7 are two main
reason why I switched from Canon to Sony
is 4k
I was super reluctant to actually use
this little guy I thought if any use
Sony showed the big guys a lot of
vloggers like Louie and Ben Brown and
people like that and Jesse Jesse uses
this huge thing to vlog with which the
image on this is almost
indistinguishable from the image on this
when shooting in like good to average
shooting conditions low-light this
thing's still better altogether I do
prefer the Shoney's over the canons with
two major exceptions one is I do like
like the native color profile of Canon
better I can color grade this and I
still think this looks great but there's
something about this value better and
then two is the front-facing screen it's
like it's much harder to actually vlog
with this thing with it not having a
front-facing screen I mean you're just
basically shooting blind the entire time
which brings us why I'm talking about
this today the single biggest problem
with not having a front-facing screen is
when you think you think you're shooting
with a super wide angle but it's
actually zoomed all the way in and
you're just getting a close-up shot of
your nose how do I need a zoom lens to
see this nose now with Canon that's not
a big deal I would have and then I could
see that it was all the way no you just
see I could correct the fact that it was
zoomed all the way in I've been
struggling to come up with the solution
I'm not
put an external screen on this like I
need to be able throw this thing around
I think I figured out how to do it and
just wait 10 contains resolution okay I
know what you're thinking now add a
glance you know if these white stripes
are lined up here then it's as white as
it'll go if you look at the camera it's
like that you're like oh it zoomed in
BAM like that and it's as wide as it'll
go and you never need to check I hope
that makes sense
I know it's wide right now because these
white stripes are lined up I know it's
tight right now because the white
stripes are not lined up it's all about
the white stripe
you never commit to I'm fine by the way
I'm fine okay running in trees but this
this is Kyle what's up this is Jack
great Kyle is the inventor and founder
of one wheel Jack's just a guy who's
really good at riding one wheels but you
send me the first one so I sort of owe
you
that was well like two years ago this is
not mail time this is something else
because I'm pretty sure I know what this
is it is what I think it is holy good
God you yeah so we need more speed so
well I just want to know if it's
possible on my one will know side tire
okay with me helmet just like to give a
shout out to my sponsor you guys are
going but the reason why they're here is
because I ordered a new one wheel Plus
this is the latest and greatest there in
town say firstly delivered it for me I
was going to do like a whole unboxing
and testing video today but kind of feel
like my hips or rope is there anything
is there anything I should tell the
audience about the one-wheel cloth you
can order a wheel plus Ã¡two wheel calm
that's like a little too kitschy I don't
know that I'm going to put in more than
motion music
more than labor is lust or the enjoyment
really quiet you've met those guys I
mean Kyle the CEO his background as an
engineer but just entrepreneurs that a
crazy idea to build up build something
and then they just did it I love that
it's blinking in the back
not going well they're sticking
everything it said rolling it said
rolling the sheets but I don't we're
going to have a roller you know what cut
means oh yes you need it doesn't know it
doesn't I'm like this is not and this is
my flour my mommy's needing your dough
well then you can't eat enough scalding
hot we have too late don't touch the
oven thing we have two it from the cool
down a little bit they're not clutch so
they're done they're not hold it they're
definitely done hi how is it
