this this is the story of what can
happen when the power of social media is
leveraged for something good I just
wanna say so this all started yesterday
last night when I saw the tweet from
zero there we do it but cleaning 16
drones a good friend of mine he's like I
think social media guy but he summarized
really concentrated his effort in social
media towards helping others
vaminos person on the figurin ki-moon
pre-dawn and could be dying to know a
joy he supposedly loved Justin what Rome
is talking about here is the current
humanitarian crisis taking place in
Somalia which isn't reported on that
well here in the state but it is a it's
a famine that's been brought on by a
drought and a number of other
geopolitical issues that's affecting
over 6 million people in Somalia alone
see a bit 11 it when one person we took
long to do a global yet about woman so
he tweeted that video he directed it at
Turkish Airlines specifically because
they're the only airline that flies to
Somalia and then it started to pick up
retraction and but my friend Jerome
Jarre brought this to my attention that
he thinks we can all help by getting an
airplane filled with food and water to
Somalia we can't let this happen we have
to help these people use this hashtag
get it trending get Turkish Airlines
attention and quickly this started to
gain traction it started to become
bigger than just road
after the origin stories how this happen
okay
Friday night at 8:00 p.m. that's when I
was in front of the computer and so
horrible Simon tamiya I googled how to
get a fly so Turkish on is the only
airlines going there I decided okay we
have to do something up to try to get
describe and create with food so I takes
Ben hey Ben to see what's happening
samaya means people are but you darken
Simon just like in 2011 and this is
Dennis Miller the famous actor uh-huh
the original one when I'm King de'longhi
job we're going to be c-section to
provide a slide then we are going to ask
put companies with people to donate food
and really tricking cycling water now
it's good time do you guys want to go
committed yes you just said yes and the
next day I was in need to get sure and
that's how all of this came together I
didn't did you actually do it all right
Jerome one ha long but never one what
tell me what's going on give me the full
give us the full update okay here's
what's great about five days ago I saw
an obstacle in mind about what's going
to Maya and I wasn't aware I think major
have barely talked about it and so there
is there only one airline that goes that
dirty shine so I thought okay why don't
we ask the challenge if we can use that
slide and fill it with food and bring
bring some help but if you like your
bullying check out airliner
I feel like we are getting them an
opportunity to do something amazing you
don't feel like you're shaming them in
the health and now we're like do you
want to have they can say yes or no so
we have a call with them at 1:00 p.m.
with an agenda and our knowledge since I
mean so in five minutes we have a call
with and that's we're gonna find out if
they're gonna help with the campaign
with the head of communications
everything so that is what you can't
climb again mom it's not ready hello
oh hey how are you today oh yes yes I'm
here to check on one behind Ben and my
birria okay so this phone call here is
the official call whether hi guys where
they're finding out from Turkish
Airlines if they can actually lend their
cargo planes and bring food and really
to supplies to Somalia is not the wrong
start speaking so yesterday we were told
on so this is big 60 ton cargo flight
and then after that as long as we bring
food you get to make room right somehow
no matter it doesn't really matter if
it's a wide-body now already as long as
you know we find okay bye bye alright
thank you guys
wow we have a shadow flag now flies on
60 tons of rice to fill with food for
Monday 27 that will go from Istanbul to
Somalia and then we have an extra 140
140 tons that we can use of this space
for the next six multi-screen trailer
all right if you didn't catch what just
happened Turkish Airlines just agreed to
fill up an entire cargo plane with 60
tons that's a hundred and twenty
thousand pounds of food and relief to go
to Somalia they also just contributed
another of us I'm saying this wrong I
think it's another hundred and forty
tons that they would put in there other
planes that like extra space to go to
Somalia this thing just got real like i
just i sat there i witnessed it there
was an idea and then a tweet and then
the tweet turned into a movement which
became something else that has now
become action
so yeah very important to recognize here
how big of a deal is for Turkish
Airlines to have done this this isn't a
commercial anything for Turkish oh they
just stepped up and gave no idea what
the cost could be that is a tremendous
amount of resources to give an entire
cargo plane and then plane after plane
with extra cargo space to bring relief
and for me personally look I retweeted
it yesterday I saw Jerome was doing this
but right there when this had happened
these guys did all the heavy lifting
they did the hard work I offered to be a
part of the fundraising so what's taking
place now is there's a GoFundMe account
that's linked below where they're trying
we are trying to raise all the money to
pay for all the supplies and
infrastructure to bring all that food to
Somalia then fillers letting us use his
charity the stiller foundation so all
donations are tax-deductible and will be
managed appropriately you'll be able to
see in fact everything donate if you can
I know there's like a lot of bad things
going on in the world right now there's
a lot of things locally of concern but
it's it's hard to imagine a greater
priority than you know millions of
people starving to death and knowing
that a couple bucks could impact that in
a positive way and then also with some
truth which is the fact that you know
there are millions of people who are
starving and struggling because of this
drought because of this famine not just
in Somalia but in Ethiopia and Kenya and
South Sudan and Sudan and Uganda these
planes and all this effort and all this
energy that's being made by this little
campaign is a drop in the hat but I
think a very important first step is one
of awareness which this seems like a
very good first step towards but there
are some links below if you want to
understand more of what's happening
there
I also linked below the American Refugee
Committee which you can also give money
to they're doing work all over Eastern
Africa I'll send this with like this
cool video that Turkish Airlines sent us
thank you everyone for watching thank
you even more to people who contribute
and thanks especially to Turkish
Airlines for for doing this again a long
that connects to monitor the world we'll
be more than happy to deliver your love
and assistance to Somalia on your behalf
as a Turkish a Long's family we're proud
to be a part of this quite cool thank
you I just wanna say
