to the haters the doubters my
seventh-grade vice principal to everyone
who's ever told anyone with a dream
they can't this videos for you keep your
head down follow the rules do as you're
told
play say wait your turn ask permission
learn to compromise this is terrible
advice if I were writing an
autobiography a book about my life one
title that would work with these do what
you can't because that idea encapsulate
everything I've ever done like what I
wanted to move to New York City and my
dad was like you can't you know I mean
or when I first said I wanted to make
movies it was you can't you didn't go to
film school I want to have a TV show
you can't Casey you're not pretty enough
and egotism for going about it
characterize what this new generation of
content creators and filmmaker what we
all do on YouTube everywhere else we do
what we can't you can't be an action
movie still naked so I see JT parkour
friends to dress up like video game
characters jump off some buildings and
you can write Devon yes you can have a
talk show but you have a webcam and you
can beautiful bastards quick this is my
first youtube video and our next thing
you know you're interviewing the
president
I heard that you're going to be out of a
job so maybe I'll start a YouTube joke
I'm thinking can't fly around New York
City on a magic carpet but picture like
a fort for PVC pipes a great outfit give
Jessie a call and you can what do you
think this is so though you don't need
gear you don't need trucks or a crane
you don't need some big expensive camera
rig than everyone when you're a creator
you don't need someone here here telling
you what you can and can't do
all right is that way what you can and
can't say I accidentally did the shocker
oh my god they call us gamers
influencers internet famous what the
fuck does that mean
but we know something they don't you can
start a blog or a makeup press will
table on the role in the Technic piano
playing in beautiful places for
interested people when you're a creator
all you need is your phone an internet
connection and a good idea a story you
want to share something you need to say
is written here I'm in the rest your
history
if you do it right you get to quit the
day job make friends from places you've
never been
meet a collaboration princess boys if
your video camera a light moving so fast
and so full you won't even have time to
profit so to my fellow creators I say
keep creating he's doing the work and
never forget you don't have to listen to
anyone because in this new world no one
knows anything
hi haters haters the doubters are all
drinking champagne in the top deck of
the Titanic and we are the fucking
do what you can't
you
