it's 4:40 a.m. about the way to the
airport I'm going to Texas today back at
the airport again
I'm simulating to open this yeah we're
going to tender so yeah you guys
affiliate yeah it has to be the only in
flight
switch on box and yet so this appears to
be the tablet
you'll eat on to Iran to honor this
right if we've offered a personal device
entertainment one of my charger
controller handle
the problem with all really good video
games is that I will get any work done
until I seize that in it
gentlemen we'd like to welcome you to
offices where the local time is 9/16
a.m. we'll be testing for the next few
minutes so please remain seated with
your people that we care all right that
can often tested
now you
just okay hotel check-in change shower
run all right so I'm here in Austin
Texas for the South by Southwest it's
like a music festival Film Festival
technology festival I'm here with CNN
I'm speaking at an event tomorrow
afternoon so I kind of have a lot of
free time but there are like a zillion
people in this town and it's a little
hard to get around I mean like you can't
get a taxi it's hard to walk it's packed
but I did bring I got a boosted board so
before that happened so I'm meeting my
friend Ryan and we're going to go for a
run okay all right going come on drew
the box come about how many more so we
can't swim ah we were going to go
swimming but we can't go something this
close holla come on Ryan three showers a
little meatball good really fall for
lunch leaving the room my my like room
comes with access to like an executive
lounge I don't know if that means that
I'm going to go find out
I just ate four of those cookies we're
going to go I got to get out of here
lunch was good lunch is good which is
delicious but really what now I follow
those to work and I'm going to go to bed
fall later that's the convention center
there we're like the whole South by
Southwest is benches I'm just kind of
bopping around now it's the best way to
see the city is on a skateboard
especially when it's like like this
whole Street closed when it is congested
you can just zoom around on the
skateboard
what's up I'm Casey
Jeff Katie this is a video one day this
motherfucking rock let's do this
my favorite thing about coming here
every year are meeting all the friendly
people there are so many great nice car
you taking a Stiller a picture video
alright thanks for you
can I have a sip abroad day in iced
latte see that's not a drone shot I'm
actually just in my hotel room
alright I'm going to like a dinner now
that's kind of the end of my first day
here at South by Southwest it was pretty
awesome how about this for an end of the
day surprise
look at these delicious treats this is
some sort of guitar with bar snacks
these are cookies or something
those look like bonbons and look at this
note I don't know what that font is but
it's very handsome dear Casey were
excited to have you well hey thanks a
lot JW I really appreciate it I'm going
to go ahead and eat this and see you
tomorrow
you
