Hey
I'm back I'm here I never left but the
last video I posted a week ago today was
a video announcing that I'm leaving my
tech company would I don't want to dwell
on that I want to move forward but I do
want to say I'm not a part of the
company anymore
but the same amazing team that was
always there is still there and they're
still working on making the best content
they can possibly make so if you like
the stuff that they were making know
they're still making it and maybe go
over their channel which is linked below
and show them a little bit of love they
just posted a video today which is
really funny I have a short cameo in it
it's funny please show a little support
for those guys now what's next for me I
don't know yet I'm not there yet but I
have spent some time focusing on what's
most important to me and what's most
important to me is being around the
people that I care about the most and
there's one person who I really care
about my best friend from high school my
og homie Joe who I never see so last
week when the New England Patriots won
the hook I understand if you don't like
the Patriots just take it easy in the
comments below it's Joe's favorite team
when the Patriots won the championship
and I found out they were going to the
Super Bowl I thought of Joe he's the
biggest Patriots fan in the world and I
came up with this idea to drive to
Connecticut and surprise him with two
tickets to the Super Bowl that's right
I'm taking my homie to the Super Bowl
two and a half hour drive so I should be
getting there like 10:30 11:00 just as
his shift in the restaurant isn't I'm
looking forward to seeing him but I'm
not looking forward to this car ride
perfectly perfectly reasonable question
it's only the most watched sporting
event in the history of the United
States of America zeeky zeeky hooked it
up this is a sponsored video this is an
ad advertisement hashtag ad I called C
key I told me about Joe I told him the
whole idea like long shot can you get me
tickets and they they literally said yes
amazing if you don't know about C key
they're an app that aggregates tickets
across the web for all kinds of events
then they tell you if it's a good deal
or a bad deal also well there's a link
below to see geek if you put in my name
Casey you get 20 bucks off you're your
first you had 20 bucks off your first C
key ticket purchase but thank you for
making this happen
links below if you need tickets for
anything do it through them because they
made this happen this is where it gets
fun there's a whole another layer to
this story and maybe some of you
although I doubt it maybe some of you
have picked up on I already made this
exact movie I go to Connecticut I
surprised Joe in the restaurant that he
works in with tickets to the Super Bowl
my brother VIN and I did it 11 years ago
it was episode 6 episode 7 episode 6 of
our HBO series that's that was this was
is the exact same premise
meet Joe Joe is and has been my best
friend since childhood this is Joan me
when we were 13 years old those shirts
are in cool and this is Joe
rollerblading and that's me I think
we're about 18 here Joe and I had a plan
for after high school sorry to interrupt
but isn't it crazy how little my
vlogging style has changed in 11 years I
mean that was like that was like before
anybody even used YouTube and I gave it
back to this entirely inspired by Jim
Carrey and dumb and dumber
Joe and I were gonna get a van and moved
to Colorado but when we were about 16
these plans set off duh I dropped out of
high school ran away from home and had a
kid I ended up living in a trailer park
in a different town Joe was kind of on
his own enjoying his last years in high
school
partying hanging out with friends doing
all that stuff teenagers do I probably
haven't watched this like six or seven
years so I'm getting a little nostalgic
I wasn't planning on showing so much of
the HBO show from a decade ago but it
still makes out I'm just gonna let this
roll Joe still lives in that town in
Connecticut he works in the restaurant
that I worked in before I left
he still lives in that house but now he
lives there with his three beautiful
children his lovely wife two new cats
that he got for Christmas and one dog
that absolutely hates me and attacks me
every time I step through the door I
live a very different lifestyle for my
best friend but we're both happy that's
Joe standing up and he's sitting next to
him we're watching a Patriots football
six we had to take Joe to the Super Bowl
that's a great story I also I just can't
believe how little my filmmaking your
vlogging style has changed in 11 years
and I was talking to camera is doing all
the YouTube tricks this was like the
word vlogging didn't even exist let me
stick to the story okay I'm pulling up
to Joe's restaurant it's Saturday night
at 11 o'clock This Is It this is the
town where he works this is it the
restaurant is right here behind me
the big surprise now it's funny I used
to work in this restaurant I used to
show up here every day at this
restaurant
all right let's go see the boy I don't
see ya there yes I saw him but he didn't
see me that's Joe I'm here he's in there
he looked really busy I'm gonna give it
like two seconds and then go back in
no you want to see him freak out and get
all excited for the big surprise but
before I show it I want to show you what
it was like when I surprised him 11
years ago
here we go back in time that envelope
contains the tickets and van and I are
walking into the restaurant with those
currently washing dishes to surprise him
it's incredible life moves fast it feels
like your whole world is changing and
everything is different every day but
when you look at eleven years back to
back to you realize we don't change that
much
okay here's now you remember the last
time I walked in here with a camera what
are you doing next Sunday I'm gonna make
it up to Joe I can't let it end on an L
buddy nothing makes you happier than
seeing the people you care about happy I
believe we're leaving Friday he's not
kidding I remember we went ten years ago
11 years ago and when the Patriots lost
I remember be like that was a fun game
and I look at Joe and he had just had
this like devastated look on his face
what happened Joe do you remember 10
years ago and Dan and I busted in to
give you tickets alas yes we lost so
this is this is making up today I hope
so so that's the story I'm gonna end
this little video with an appeal this
appeal is for you Tom Brady please don't
things up on Sunday I need you to win
this game for my friend Joe cuz I don't
want to have to remake this movie a
third time interesting footnote did you
know that Tom Brady and I are basically
best friends
just kidding we only met once but we did
play paper football in his kitchen
I love that I'm so excited
that is the joe superbowl story
obviously the sisters part one of a
two-part I gotta show you what happens
at the Super Bowl please let them win
and I just wanted in this video by
saying thank you to everyone for all the
support for all the tumult that has been
my life over the last week and well I
may not know what the big future holds I
know what the immediate future holds
which is spending as much time as I can
with the people that I care about the
most
