alright this this is just a super quick
update video not a real video just I
about a week ago I made a video about
these crazy new sneakers that nike sent
me that have motors in them and they
lace up by like you just step in it and
they lace up super interesting
technology at the end of the video
though I said I wasn't going to keep the
shoes for me I wanted to give them away
to someone who could use shoes that lace
themselves someone named Dylan reach out
to me and he said my brother is a c5 c6
quadriplegic he has limited motor
functions in his hands and he could
really use these and I think they'd fit
him I said I'd be more than happy to
send them to your brother doing but is
there any way you can prove to me that
you are who you say you are a lot of
shady characters out there and he sent
me back his brothers YouTube channel
this guy's a youtuber and he made great
videos she has a great channel I'm going
to link it below it underscores what it
is that I love about this platform gives
you the opportunity to share a life
that's uniquely yours experiences that
are uniquely yours with a broad audience
and his YouTube channel is primarily him
sharing his experiences as someone who's
in a wheelchair like how do you on the
rides at Disney World
that's right good or how do you drive or
how do you get in and out of an airplane
even has one video China the joke it's
pretty funny where he is a quadriplegic
firefighter
and he sent me this like kind of
outrageously amazing video last night
where he like remade Back to the Future
I got to show you something man listen
I'm you from the teachers this is an
email from Dustin he said I'm a high
school history teacher here in Florida
and I try every day to teach my students
to overcome challenges in life and
pursue their passions Dustin you seem
like an awesome guy I hope we get to
meet in person someday
for those of you that don't know I have
a c5 c6 spinal cord injury so that means
I'm basically paralyzed from the chest
down very reach triceps and then I had
no finger movement for me right now
with my shoes I just tuck the laces and
I don't I can't even tied with the
shoelaces so I just tuck them in and
this changes the whole game these things
these things are sweet I got to show you
how to Dustin said two things that are
awesome one he's a high school teacher
and when he goes back to school all of
his students are going to be impressed
by his new kicks when I get back to
school and all the students are there
they're going to flip out this I'm
rocking which is awesome and then the
second thing you said which was really
interesting is I've never thought of it
because he's primarily in a wheelchair
his shoes won't see the same wear and
tear as someone who is not I think he
said these shoes will last me 50 years
something like that until fail a lot not
only will these shoes lasting like 50
years because I'm in a wheelchair and
they're never get dirty and the tread
will be amazing forever so so yeah I'm
glad YouTube exists because it connects
people like me with somebody like Dustin
who I may have never otherwise met and
it makes me so happy to have been able
to give them away doesn't seem so happy
to have gotten them so so that's all
this is the whole video I just and don't
forget to like me subscribe to Justin's
channel it's links below thanks to the
video Justin
oh I've got it
