we're rolling rolling over all nice and
quiet
yeah it's tough good enough it it's
market mm I agree
what if this kid is Charlie 337 in the
afternoon and when during what do
you say 6:00
we're supposed to be here at 3:00 in the
2017 Academy Awards they will be
celebrating exactly this many youtubers
you can got a nice skin right now I'm
getting my hair done makeup already done
tonight we're being shot we're shooting
it's a 60 second like proper television
commercial it's a commercial for Samsung
it's going to be on TV during the Oscar
hey hang a look at it so many people how
many machs came with me because I
couldn't like look at all these people I
couldn't be in a TV commercial with all
that going on and vlog at the same time
so we came and and made it happen
now the Oscars the Academy Awards the
second most watched televised broadcast
after the Superbowl this is a huge field
make up my food hamper this is the
costume trailer is the clothes here
these are my boots I brought these from
home over here I know it's huge up here
that what is this tomato yeah it's got
to give me look at that light look at
that right you're going to be a movie
star yeah I'm starring in it I'm not
directing it but we have like an
incredibly competent production team out
there that is massive but really good
the cinematographer also shot by Club
you do not talk about Fight Club
there were a lot of ideas being thrown
around for what this commercial should
be about but the one thing that I cared
about the most one thing I wanted to
talk about during the Oscars was us was
the YouTube community and my question
for Samsung was like can we make a
commercial that celebrates what we do
what we all do no matter how small you
are no matter what you make videos about
could we make a commercial that
celebrates this entire community and
played that commercial during the Oscars
as if we're like on stage celebrating
this they were super into it and they're
like let's do it and what's over here
it's day one on your side oh my god they
look really good he didn't a teacher for
the kids
besides the magnitude of all this came
into focus when I showed up on set this
was all for one 60-second video one
60-second commercial give me give me a
ham scale to give you a sense of scale
so make up truck
wardrobe sex production team guns cross
other props get raid security trucks
tones the producers with storyboard
lighting crane baby generator have a
like light that looks like a light that
looks like grip truck another lighting
trucker my own personal trailer Kelsey
I'm Jill photographer future speaker
system went down guy projector crew
Poland system and in signal hahndorf
camera crane I don't know about you
yeah that's one
they literally had a stand-in someone to
stand there so I wouldn't have to stand
there he stood there while I was
supposed to be standing there so I
wouldn't have to stay a stand-in a lot
of cooks in the kitchen and I run an
extra one and those are why we behave
all right I'll let my cell is happening
now right oh you're about to tell a
ghost story it was a dark and stormy it
literally is a dark and stormy it's a
dark and furry night we're headed to
like this but we're headed to set this
is it the big moment how much time went
and preparation people went in to fall
what a month longer three months at
least at least many months of effort
went into like this moment right now
which is amazing when you see what it
looks like but it's challenging for me
because I would just shot it on my cell
phone like five minutes but this is this
is what it looks like when you do it
their way this is when you do it the
this is what it looks like when you do
it the big way I'm sorry good I think so
yeah monkeys come in here Jackie this is
me talking normal tone this is me
talking aggressively in the second
instruction round pretty simplified I
just this is it we're starting
I can't forget the flap
I can't forget the glass
I can't forget my flower
I can't forget all right tell me what's
going on right now okay though his dad
is filming Casey right now right now
it's a commercial for stan and root KP a
logger which we're in Nice shoots are
especially tricky
I still exactly out what are you what
are you doing I'm I think it's going
very well a lot of moving parts the
trouble was repeating the same line over
and over and over is that it's really
hard to say naturally when you set it
for the 50th time and when you're trying
to read a script that's not your mean
it's my word but it's like my words
written down they're going to making
them network and sucky that's right it's
like take ownership over your own
writing and that's what movie stars are
good I'm not a movie star back to this
well that's about to change and that all
right how you down back good like time
is passed me it's 12:30 in the morning
I'm on New York Times of 3:30 in the
morning but tired
I can't I can't show the commercial in
this video because obviously it has to
air on TV first here's the basic premise
it's literally like me in a tuxedo
standing in a parking lot and I'm
delivering like a monologue like a
speech and the speech is about us it's
about this community and I literally am
trying to introduce this community of
creators of makers to the audience of
the Academy Awards like literally the
first line is allow me to introduce the
rest of us because I'm trying to
introduce all of us creators to an
audience that that use the Academy Award
as sort of the totality like all there
is in filmmaking I want them to know
that there's us out there and then from
there the commercial might cuts away to
other videos stuff that we found on the
internet to stuff that we actually shot
using cell phones just to show like the
diversity of the kind of content that
that this community makes while I'm like
delivering this like really strong
passionate like forceful monologue about
what it is we do so we're done with the
rest perhaps follow us or up I mean
that's a wrap on the entire thing that's
like creating the shooting we should
prep once the planning alright that's it
today's the day the county awards are
tonight this commercial this video is
going to air tonight to like whatever
however many tens of millions of people
watch the Oscars so a little bit nervous
but
