is it cool if I tell people the story
about how you were shot in the head yes
he you know he was still doing checks on
himself he was doing medical stuff that
he does like he took his helmet off and
he was feeling around to make sure that
he didn't have you know brain matter or
anything else coming out extreme country
nearly lost his life to a bullet that
pierced the bottom of his rescue
helicopter fragmented flew through his
helmet and pierced the skin just an inch
from his left eye nothing but more
amazingly he climbed back in a
helicopter the next day once again
putting his life on the line to rescue
injured soldiers from the battlefield
Jimmy told me there is nothing more
important than being there for his
comrades
you
my name is Jimmy settles and I'm a pair
of rescue men from Anchorage Alaska part
of the 212th rescue squadron
oh good oh it's good to hear your voice
thanks I have my sunglasses on so Jimmy
I'm like I'm recording you right now I
have a camera on this screen I want to
like make a video that sort of tells the
story of how you and I know one another
well okay so I guess my first question
is is it cool if I tell people the story
about how you were shot in the head
yeah it's one of those things like that
I've been through and I've experienced
that if I hadn't been there and done
that I'm going to leave it well what
happened is we were going in to go find
some guys need some help and some bad
guys shot ak-47s at our helicopter and
got lucky with one of the rounds went
through the floor
splitting a couple pieces and one of the
pieces went over my sunglasses and under
my helmet through my my scalp there this
is totally lucky shot Harden's wearing
your head yeah so this was in my head so
guy here so it's like part of the bullet
tips yeah wouldn't worry about that
little fella no common clean up nice
we were in Afghanistan we sort of snuck
in at journalists but really what we
were doing there was like tattooing we
were embedded with you guys and that it
was a pararescue team and we were
actually just tattooing that we set up
the only tattoo parlor ever in the war
zone in Afghanistan
it works your tattoo I think was my
favorite of the entire Scott did a
fantastic job and it is HQ to let me say
let me say if I could get it closer huh
it looks good man
yeah it's really H super nice and oh I
feel pretty lucky about when you're
going to be out of that sort of cat oh I
guess ignorant to go off of this all
good this is the Vietnam cat but that
would be awesome
that's amazing
right there sir thank you very much yeah
shake it on the mirror today you know if
you haven't fair enough yeah it's pretty
awful this is so kind of symbolizes our
crew field in a way that we're all a
little bit mad remember with lies you
used up here at 7:00 two to go
what is this seven wives give you the
last one here we're getting shot in the
head last week and that's a pretty good
story right they're going to go help
somebody get shot at and then one before
that getting left out at sea in the
middle January the other night that was
a pretty good one Jimmy something funny
you remember do you remember the gay
porn playing cards that you guys love it
the teachers had these gay porn playing
cards that they would like use this
practical joke cards and hide in people
here and people here and then you like
dig through your gear and there'd be gay
porn and it was like just about the
funniest jokes
on the base but right after you were
shot NBC or ABC News was there
interviewing you you're on TV with
Lester Holt and he was interviewing you
about the most furious thing ever being
shot and you went to show him your
helmet and inside your helmet was a gay
porn playing card
Divya Jimmy I happen to have that Lester
Holt footage gee Brian good evening to
you you want to get a sense of how
intense the fighting has been in eastern
Afghanistan as the men and women at a
33rd Rescue Squadron they are our combat
soldiers 911
right there the ak-47 hole the hole is
in the bottom of a Pave Hawk helicopter
the inscription sergeant Jimmy settle
wrote next to it says it all almost got
me and that's the date I knew a live
birthday the bullet struck the bottom
the aircraft fragmented and then part of
the piece went up here above my head but
another part went right over my
sunglasses then right underneath my
helmet here that out here thank you for
catching that unfilled eye I did a
little animation to sort of explain to
people what a PJ is okay cool there are
Air Force pararescueman
or more commonly known as cages they
spend most of their time jumping at a
helicopter
rescuing injured servicemen personnel or
anyone that needs rest and what makes
them extraordinary is they go into the
fight to pull the wounded out there are
special forces there medic
they're airborne they're divers they
save people
you guys headed out now and always come
here and do a little drill
you know another thing too is I I have
footage from you receiving your Purple
Heart in Alaska hey I came up there for
that ceremony to see you get that and I
had my camera rolling I recorded the
whole thing yes you get you see oh my
god
on 30 November 2010 senior area Soto was
operating as part of hh-60 crew has to
recover six rooted soldiers while
identifying the enemy's positions he was
struck in the forehead by a 7.62
millimeter round fragments the force of
the impact knocked him onto his back and
across the aircraft the reason why I'm
making this video about my friend Jimmy
now is because Jimmy just finished
writing his books I've got the advanced
uncorrect and proof I mean I learned a
lot about you
like before you went and became sort of
what is a real-life superhero and I just
want to like scream from the
mountaintops about how awesome you are
how crazy it is that you and I happen to
know each other in actually penis I also
want to compel my audience I'll get a
link the Amazon link below go pre-order
Jimmy's book let's get this thing to be
a best-seller right Jimmy oh yeah keep
it being Jimin is only like a couple of
people in the world who I feel truly
honored to for whatever reason happen to
cross paths with and you and I kind of
had no business like no business meeting
each other and you are one of like
you're one person that I can honestly
say with conviction I will go my net my
entire life without ever forgetting I
got you two really cool that we met in
the way our live cross because oh is it
okay if my wife said something she
wanted yeah we're on it it's it's
Shannon
Frankie hi Aaron you nice to meet you
it's nice to meet you Jimmy is so good
to see you my friend so good to see you
Kasey's thank you for your love and
thank you for your support the dude a
huge huge congratulations on the book
man so really it's a huge deal and I
hope everybody buys a copy Thank You
jay-z all right
I Love You Man is so good to see you
I'll see you guys soon bye bye see you
later bye guys
ah I love that guy um I mean it like you
know Jimmy's a guy he's retired from the
military now he's trying to do a lot of
things this took him two years to write
two years to make this book a huge deal
for him the links below that like like
seeing his face and chit-chatting with
him I haven't talked about like makes me
want to cry thinking about it he's a
wonderful human being and he's somebody
who really um he's done things that very
very few human beings will ever have
done or will ever have to do in any
event the books below give me a solid
you'll buy it
if you can afford it like 20 bucks but
um I know it'd mean a lot to him Jimmy
