ah
these are Nikes new self-lacing
hyperadapt shoes and I want to make a
video about them because the story
behind me is just so good it deserves
its own video pool this is not a
commercial I'm not being paid to make
this do you not like my new glasses I've
been seeing a lot of comments about them
along with the purple lenses because
like not red not blue purple so when I
met with Nike a couple of months ago and
they told I know then when they were
showing me the backs of future shoe and
that's when they said they're going to
actually make a motorized self-tying
Auto lacing maker for the masses and
that's what this is and the reason why I
wanted to make a video about this
sneaker is because when I but I said
when I asked like you why does the world
need a Mars the world need is $720 Auto
lacing shoe when this this is a shoelace
this works perfectly fine has worked
forever
why does the world really need a $720
self-lacing shoe and that was when they
explained me that not everyone can tie
their own shoes not everybody has the
motor functions in their hands and there
are people with cerebral palsy there are
people with Lou Gehrig's disease there
are people who who lack the dexterity to
tie laces and that was their motivation
behind making these that is awesome that
is so great that you guys are doing that
okay so now let me show you these
ridiculous shoes the motors in here
protected by this plastic shell to keep
it batteries probably also can't see it
in their batteries also in there
somewhere
the way you charge it is you plug this
into the wall cuz of these two hockey
puck kind of things you take the hockey
puck thing and put the hockey puck on
the shoe ready and see how its pulsing
blue there that
charging
ah
they definitely feel like normal shoes
they're tight in the same way that that
thing that you stick your arm into at
the pharmacy the blood pressure machine
that's how tight is it
there's a motor and a battery in there
but you can't feel that motor or that
battery I mean I don't know if I can run
10 miles in here trying to play
basketball means I could just feel like
normal kickers I'm not 100% sure with
this light show back here is all about
but it looks awesome what else didn't
travel a lot I was in LA this weekend
whoa well yesterday was a holiday here
in the States
very special day with the family blue
Elmo everything ok 32:15
if we want to Elmo balloon pretty damn
your cash for the Elmo balloon is their
first time with cotton candy solo me I
don't I don't need these I was like
watching you edit back I realized I
don't need these and I'm not going to do
like a giveaway instead if you want I'm
going to give them away but instead of
doing like a subscribe to my channel or
whatever send me a note or comment below
or comment below or tweet at me or
whatever but fine let me know somebody
who needs these someone who maybe
struggles to tie their shoes or struggle
to put on shoes and I will send them to
that person ah she's so loud I'm trying
to recording alright so and maker make
sure I can get in touch with you but let
me know coulombs know maybe I don't know
anybody but maybe you know somebody who
would like a pair of shoes that they
just step into and they they tighten
themselves and maybe they don't have
access to be alright
my contact information is below make
sure I can get in touch with you
