you cube drama there is a whole you
notice there's a whole set a whole
category of YouTube creators and they
just sort of talk about the drama that
takes place among the top YouTube
creators out there it's a little bit
like TMZ for YouTube YouTube drama is
something I try my very best to avoid
but something came up today that I think
is bigger than YouTube drama it feels
like actual news the New York times.com
York Times that is the newspaper of
record top story Michael Flynn resigned
as national security adviser huge
earth-shattering news just down to the
right of that though is the most popular
star on YouTube now Disney is cut off
ties with PewDiePie and YouTube has
distanced itself after he posted
anti-semitic imagery online Google News
similar situation top stories about
Michael Flynn second story about
PewDiePie how this came together is that
the Wall Street Journal actually did a
story on PewDiePie and they found nine
instances since August wherein PewDiePie
made anti-semitic jokes The Wall Street
Journal even went so far as to edit
their own video of PewDiePie which is
you with me so far PewDiePie made a
bunch of bad anti-semitic jokes about
Nazis Wall Street Journal call them out
on it but then because of that story on
the Wall Street Journal because of that
video by The Wall Street Journal Disney
which owns maker the MCM that PewDiePie
works for works with Disney severed ties
with him moreover because PewDiePie is
the biggest by far the biggest content
creator on YouTube was which over 53
million subscribers and almost 15
billion views it shines a spotlight on
the entire platform whether he wants it
or not and whether YouTube wants enough
beauty pie does represent this platform
all right so what is what is my opinion
on this what is my take on this well I'd
like to preface all of it by saying you
know I've met PewDiePie I've spent some
time with the guy he and I chat via text
every once in a while and in my very
best judgment I don't think the guy has
a hateful bone in his body I don't think
he's interested in preaching 8 I don't
think he's an anti-semite and I don't
think his intent was to spread hate what
is it in spider-man with great power
comes great responsibility with great
power comes great when you have 53
million subscribers it does come with
the responsibility and that
responsibility is to understand your
audience and understand how your words
are going to be interpreted so while you
may be saying something as a joke your
audience may not always interpret it
like that and I think with an audience
that size it could provoke something
that could definitely excuse a moral
compass of a younger audience in a
direction that really benefits no one
literally as I'm trying to finish this
video right now news just broke here
I'll read it to you YouTube cancels
PewDiePie show pulls channel from AB
program after his session that's a
bigger deal in conclusion PewDiePie I
think you'll be okay people have a
tendency to forgive and forget
and well ultimately I'm not a fan of
this kind of humor there's nothing I
appreciate or cherish more than free
speech in any capacity but I think what
this does underscores that for for
youtubers just like everyone else in the
world you can say whatever you want but
at times there will be consequences
it
