and oh I get it off today supposed to be
the biggest storm we should make a video
about that are you into that sure why
this are too windy I don't know I never
tried to fly it thrown it right push the
hip for like a couple of hours and it's
supposed to come on really strong I
wanted to try to take some pictures with
this thing before it off for this it's a
little windy I was taking nervous
Oh
yeah the part I don't know back so
here's what's going on today I'm in Los
Angeles because I was doing my cup oh I
watch your videos all the time oh hi I
picked your hair that will have a free
head it's nice to meet you as well
stay dry I'm trying max and I well I'm
here in LA so I was doing like a samsung
shoot last night what well but because
of the rain today free day so max is
taking me on a rainy day tour why aren't
you more excited it's raining and it
never rains here this is like a date
it's a couple of guys going on a date
you ever been to the Venice canal it
will be romantic
how are you Casey of course I know you
Oh awesome they dry everybody knows
cases gutters I'm a queer too
okay so we're going to go the best mouth
we're going to make a left here left
that's no
meet our Martha wash
I'm only on singing
ha ha ha
palm tree roadkill really coming down
now
I still don't know what we're doing out
here the storms not that bad we're just
like getting soaking wet to take
pictures of the rain why don't pick that
with that let me get a good picture with
you yeah
and what point in time do we give up on
our tour videos the whole display video
game when the sun goes down and it
doesn't go down for another hour every
day is a battle and today we will
conquer you are a Pulitzer a poet
this is a part of town what is it called
just downtown la get rough if you
literally call it literally call it good
rough
it's a rough spot of town where there's
a lot of homeless and that's like that's
that's tough
we made to downtown LA to see what it
looks like in the LA River that's where
they shot the terminator
all right that concludes our rainy day
adventure I don't fit excuse to the
diffuse Explorer Los Angeles all right
yes you can see it now mind you as a
ruff ruff is the first rough-cut okay
this is the world premiere to me not you
of Jessie's music video that he wrote
shot for ya for a small recording artist
named Snoop Dogg this is his first music
video and he makes it for Snoop Dogg so
need to know I'm going to say about it
and there's that there's a new balloon
so what happens in this commercial is he
runs from the kids a shower he shoots
them with the confetti pops out of the
balloon Jessie explaining sort of the
video to me now
I know nothing about it we haven't done
any song so I'm glad to turn the sound
off yeah the song is inelia them come
out toward the end of the month
oh my god Jessie Leuthold if your water
and we're just be well - then I'd be in
trouble I don't think so I think people
are going to get upset but I think it's
like you're when you listen to the
lyrics real deeply I get it I get our
family talks about like us of the people
with the power and like we have the
power are you going to say to Kim yeah
Wilson knows how many times I turn it
off I'm turned it off
you
