it's not real money this is prop money
is this funny money see it's just like
paper in there sell out sell out is one
of my least favorite things to hear
because people who call other people
sellouts have no idea what they're
talking about
okay when you're a kid your ambitions
your goals in life unlimited only by
your imagination not by mortgage
payments or rent or other people's
expectations only your imagination fuels
your life ambitions but then as you get
older
reality steps in and your imagination
those lofty dreams they start to get
sidelined by reality bills your parents
song you get a job student loan having
kids or a fear of failure gets in the
way of pursuing your passion and this is
where most people surrender they put
away their dream and they embrace
reality as reality slowly sets in these
become more and more distant see this is
real this is really really real and this
hit me when I was like 15 years old
living on my own my girlfriend was
pregnant and I had to get a job this
just had to be sidelined I remember
vividly putting out a button-down shirt
that was too big for me and going into
my job interview the boss's name was
Mike I tried to be articulate and
professional and I convinced him that
I'd be a hard-working loyal employee
even though as a teenager I got that job
it was it was a big deal for me now when
I was there when you're there when
you're broke and you're struggling and
the struggle is that real you make all
of these promises to yourself promises
like you'll never let go
of this if I do make it through today if
I could just make it through today I'll
be a little closer to this even what I
was like was that it's absolute hardest
for me with a really narrow focus I
heard it on that one thing that one
thing which which was to realize all
those promises that had made to myself
as a kid and so began the transition
there like 20-year transition to go from
a teenage dad and wash dishes for a
living to someone who has a stranglehold
what it takes from a career of
nothingness to a career of somethingness
and it is that transition it's those
ugly years of hard work and busting your
ass and believing in something that
doesn't exist it's that transition that
people who use the term sellout love to
ignore they love to pretend it didn't
exist this is the trv 11 DV camera maxed
out my credit card use my tax return I
bought it
one tiny tiny inch closer to this and I
spent all my dues making videos I
remember a family friend asked me if I'd
make a video of her for kids so she
could give it to her mom as a present
and I made what was like a home video of
music to it she paid me $50 and that
that was my very first step in life I'm
making this a little bit closer than
this so here's where the whole sellout
thing starts to become really
counterintuitive at some point you go
from being someone who who is celebrated
a lot of people are proud of for
realizing their dreams who made their
dreams a reality you go from being that
to being someone who simply a sellout I
wonder what it must have felt like for
LeBron to be called a sellout because he
went to Miami and it falls man
very tough and this one will take my
talents to South Beach and join the
Miami you sold out you sold out you sold
out
I don't want Tonya gets called a sellout
he thinks of not the time she sold out
Madison Square Garden but I bet he
thinks of being a teenager go to borrow
money from his mom to cut his first
record sellout is a term invented by
jealous quitters Eminem said it death
Oheka main thing what they do when they
get jealous like I do it I've never in
my life been called a sellout more than
on the very day that I achieved
something I had worked towards for 20
years something I had worked towards
since I was that 15 year old dishwasher
so I say this if you are a struggling
musician who gets offered 20 bucks to
play in the back of a coffee shop an
artist who gets invited to hang your
paintings in your mom's office building
or if you're a youtuber who gets a $50
brand deal to promote gummy bears don't
worry about being called a sellout
you're just making your very first step
towards the impossible towards making
this a little bit closer to this and you
should know that someday when you've
achieved the success that you set out to
accomplish when when you're living all
the way up here and those haters are
still lobbing insults from that well of
misery that they live in you can you can
look down at them and take solace
knowing have they only invested all that
energy they spent calling you a sellout
and holding you down instead on
elevating themselves that that maybe
just maybe they'd be up here with you
who would they like to make them unlike
you to the people last is someone like
you
back from the pair to Michael there's a
few hatin ass niggas fight
