yes radically unlike the privately not
bad now let me see oh wise Riley feel
ready three great little secret on our
friend oh yeah are you an immigrant and
Saturday January 28th 2017 I didn't I
didn't call Roy for this because an
immigrant I called him Sofia
why are you guys out here just wanna see
what's going on and how Trump affected I
watch from turn distracted incident
I didn't I didn't think this would
happen with Joe why did you bring him
here
that's the showing of what's going on
showing how our country is at the moment
I love the support
I love the courage people have taken
their time out to come here
we got here around noon and outside we
had about three dozen for customs number
through three thousand at some point
during the day
amici Agarwal and the Commissioner of
immigrant Affairs of the city of New
York and inside we saw growing numbers
of volunteer lawyers who were helping
families whose relatives were coming in
and being staffed in between as of as of
yesterday when the President signed his
executive order we had started to hear
reports of individuals being detained
coming into the country as of now those
individuals are still being detained our
understanding is that they are not to be
removed but we are still hoping for
their relief Andre Segura staff attorney
with the ACLU immigrants Rights Project
in years
we're just a refugees welcome in Farsi
so what happened to this okay we came
here at 8 a.m. my mom arrived at 7:24
and then we she was on her way here
Instagram was like signed the papers and
was like you know what he allowed into
the front right for me I haven't thought
of turning 7 country from country which
is she's already in the air when he
signed the paper and they were we've
been waiting for her what was her own
coming in from Iran and then all we want
our mom that's all they wanted came and
they were about to send her back until
the Congress and everybody came and they
came up with a decision that now that
just saying that they're saying here
they can't answer they can't leave so
further no have you talked to your mom
today 101 she was terrified I'm crying
and I don't know which is okay now
because we haven't gotten contacted
somebody you guys were waiting from
Jersey
