I have been sitting on this footage I've
been sitting on this movie for five
years since 2012 I've been waiting to
make this movie that entire time because
patiently waiting for the day to come
where I could tell the story of going
bowling in the White House I get a lot
of weird people emailing me weird things
all the time but in the summer 2012 some
total stranger emailed me and was like
hey I work in the White House would you
like to come down and go bowling and
have pizza and beer in the basement of
the White House to which I responded in
enthusiastic but I'll write in our final
station song you're just a ship
Washington
so yeah so we took the train to the
White House met a group of strangers
went into the White House and that's how
we're bowling we're in route to the
White House now not super excited about
the way my collar fits this corner is
where we're supposed to be meeting the
folks that are taking it to the White
House whom we've never met before
I don't know what they look like
our time in trouble was owing if he
didn't have his identification but he
school
oh and cool
why the five years the guy that invited
me who will remain nameless but the guy
who invited me who is in the Obama one
administration said to me at the end of
the day I filmed everything he was like
please don't put any of this on the
internet and I was like what why no this
is like gold he's like okay don't put
this on the internet so long as Barack
Obama is our president when Donald Trump
was sworn into office last week it meant
that I could finally release just kind
of not even back to the video but it's
bowling in the White House oh my god
I do it in the right mazie
so when I say when they see basement of
the lighthouse
they literally amazement this is the
basement and this is a bowling alley two
lanes here classical style feeding
presidential photos on the wall
slap super big the balls all lived here
good luck sir here knock them dead not
bad
all right here is where we have a piece
of situation and here is where we have
the all-american beer and then
and not to anyone in the Trump
administration if you'd like to invite
me or my kid back for some more force
more bowling just just get a call I got
to get that bowling at the White House
has been fun and now you go home our
nation's 17 trillion dollars in debt
upgrading the president's private
bowling alley shouldn't be a priority a
spiffy new bowling alley may suit the
wants for commander in chief but I think
I speak for the taxpayers of the 7th
congressional district when I assert
it's certainly not a need
