favorite thing about a president
president-elect on phone favorite thing
uh he's gonna make America great again
what are you most concerned about
president of friends women's rights
you don't have to wonder what he's
thinking he's gonna tell you sometimes
he probably needs to keep his mouth shut
you know what I'm saying um I think he's
honest and he speaks his mind he says
things he shouldn't say he speaks his
mind a little too much Canberra
what's your what's your least favorite
thing about President Roh probably how
successfully is makes him a little bit
arrogant doesn't come off well the
liberal media but you guys are fake news
so that's it there's the capital
inauguration is happening today January
20th the 2017
Donald Trump will be sworn in as the
president of the USA so in trying to
figure out what to do today I asked you
my YouTube audience for ideas and not
one person suggested that I go and sit
in the field and listen to the
president-elect be sworn in as president
even though I've got the credentials in
the past and the tickets and all that
I'm not going to go to the inauguration
well everybody has headed here towards
the Capitol I'm going to head away from
the Capitol and do what everybody
suggested I do which is talk to people
and what would you like to happen in
this country in the next four years
better jobs for everybody you know
higher wages you know so people can you
know live better lives take care of
their families how can you not at the
inauguration I want to be then it just
was just seemed like a lot of trouble
for nothing well thank you very much for
your time my name is Casey I'm Mike
Michael nice to meet you
I think you know there was a possibility
anything's possible there's a
possibility that he could become to be a
very good president I mean you know I
just have to view things with an open
mind the speech that he made this
morning was very good actually what do
you what do you like most about our
president Trump
there's not a lot I'm sorry this is not
a lot that I've heard or seen from him
one thing that I do appreciate about him
is his honesty his total honesty your
might
I said when I came down here that I
wanted to sort of get out of my bubble
and I think getting away from the core
of the inauguration I was able to kind
of experience varied perspectives and I
think that is that is the key to empathy
is understanding other people's
perspectives so I want to clock them see
what else is going on in the city how's
your inauguration day awesome man
what's your name
how is everybody like treating with that
hat on in this environment I did get it
hit off one time but that's been it
I've gotten a little some dirty looks as
well as some guy tried taking it off me
another time but we're fine
people are treating me nice whether I
see your dad nice doing you nice to meet
you too
hit with pepper spray and this man is no
closer
milkshake all in all I think today was
an extremely successful day I thoroughly
enjoyed meeting all of those people this
morning and I'm glad I was able to see
some of the protesters / which by the
way I made it seem really big in this
video but that was all contained like a
one block area so I I don't think that
was a fair like depiction of what's
happening across Washington DC really
glad I came down here but while I was
here to experience this
