well welcome to another tech review
better than the game II said I tried to
write this without looking at it and
then I tried to use this and this is
going to be a technology review I know
not all you like my tech reviews so if
you're not into tech reviews or whatever
just like I'll let you know when I post
some non tech review okay now that
they're gone last week I got really
frustrated because my mega phantom
camera lens broke I wasn't frustrated
cause it broke I break a lot of stuff I
was frustrated because Canon refused to
fix it even though I tried to pay for
them to fix it and I threatened to
finally switch from Canon to Sony
something I've resisted for a very long
time my favorite my all-time favorite if
I totally favorite vlogging camera and
this is is this year Canon ATD before
the entity was the 7d
both great cameras the reason why I like
them so much this flip out screen is
everything when shooting vlogs you can
see what you're filming you can pick the
focus that's why I'm always stuck with
this camera check out how many of these
things I've got by the way this is my
collection of ten and a TVs those are
all of the ATVs that I bought while I
was vlogging 11 Canon eighties those are
all the lenses I went through those are
all the microphones I burned through
when you're shooting daily videos you
just accidents happen you break things
you're tough on these if you slow down
to treat these like they're precious you
miss the shot I will say since I stopped
daily vlogging are broken exactly zero
cameras because like I can be more
careful and responsible now all those
cameras that's the price of turning out
a new video every day seven days a week
for like five or six hundred days
straight in any bet back to my
technology review the Sony cameras in
this box
all right the sony a7s mark - Wow nice
cameras truck battery bug battery - this
charger a loser and that's it
that's the thing for the straps on why I
just have like a six thing that looks
like that why would you have a the
microphones going to pick that alright
so just to quickly test this out and
trying to figure out the operating
system it's really different from the
cannon that I'm used to using I'm going
to take this outside and just do some
one okay going on now very next shot is
going to be on the new Sony camera ready
all right this is the new camera this is
just terrible weather right I don't know
it looks like this doesn't have that
front-facing screen I was talking about
step weather outside was just bad really
bad this is the new camera I'm shooting
on it right now ah this is what it look
like compared to my Canon 5d Mark 4
which typically gets just exact shot all
right here's some other shots from
outside I wasn't happy to be outside all
right here are some glorious cyber shots
on my new Sony a7
the worst weather I could have possibly
picked to do outdoor tip he's character
waterproof by the way all right
initial thoughts not even looking at the
image I know this thing yield an
incredible picture I thought so many
youtubers use it also the form factor of
this like small in metally and just
awesome this is feels really robust and
I like everything about the hardware but
why would you not put a touch screen on
this literally to get this to focus just
like tap tap tap tap tap tap why not
just touch the screen like on so many of
your competitors devices in on every
cell phone ever made like why would you
not do that what are you thinking and
Sony a lot of youtubers use this thing
this is like the go-to camera for
vloggers these days why not just help
the thing about being able to look at
yourself in the monitor when you
blogging is something that our describe
is like first-person filmmaking and what
that means is both the narrative like
the subject is first-person it's about
the person creating it and then the the
production I'm also the person making
the movie and when you can see where
you're shooting it sort of has this
soulless quality to it information I'm
super excited about this new camera it's
fun to have something outside of the
sphere of what I've been working with
the last decade I will be eating a lot
the main reason why I got it for videos
like this that I should here in the
studio to leverage its 4k and autofocus
and general awesomeness so that's it I
feel like I feel like I'm on all my tech
reviews this one's like one of the less
good ones thanks for watching
