four out here in the morning
so I am up at the crack of dawn this
morning to go run a race the race isn't
a big deal but this whole thing's a big
deal for let me explain morning
old tradition of mind I always have a
bagel before a race today is a big deal
because I used to run a lot of races but
I haven't run one in three years and
today is me confronting that by running
my first race in three years and my
little brother coming there for more
food
and I say to the day I don't like that
well thank you for the delicious bagels
violet is some shove it up race starts
in uh
we've arrived I'm going to go register
for the race now I thought I could sign
up today you're not allowed to sign up
race day to register they told me no
they told me to go home
I found the race director and says you
let me run I don't get a time though or
like a bib where you put the number on
but whatever I get to run it's official
a little concerned about the temperature
though it's freezing everyone has on
sweatpants and tights and this is what I
brought to run in
racecar ten minutes okay race starts in
like four minutes you know what it is I
mean I run every day and I've run 50
races before that butterflies right now
I think what it is like I'm getting old
on 35 now and I can tell myself that I'm
in great shape and I feel young and all
that but when you actually show up to
something like this and there's a clock
in a time it's like an actual test of
how Hrunting that I think it is it
distances
vile
super super happy with my performance in
my first race out in three years you
know a climbing tip right time to hear
Maya on my phone I came at 103 which
puts me here can you see this so I ran a
little further at ten point two miles
six minute fourteen second piece I think
it puts me around 20th place out of
maybe like a thousand runners felt good
though as you get older the price of
maintaining your youth goes up and up
and up and what that means is when
you're like 15 16 18 years old you can
do whatever the hell you want
you'll have to exercise you're skinny
it's easy in your 20s it gets a little
harder you get fat in college then you
become even older until it gets harder
and harder the older you are the harder
you have to work
there was this guy in front of me during
the race and gray hair gray mustache he
was ahead of me the whole race we
started together but he's ahead of me
the whole race and I was chasing him
down as best I could and I finally
caught up to him at Mile nine one mile
left and I pulled up next to him and he
turns mean he goes sixty I'm 60 years
old racing you you sir on fire out there
haha sixteen yes Colonel there's our
lady driving at 60 G's as fast as I am
at 35 busting my ass she just fast as I
am if there's one truth that I know is
that the source of the Fountain of Youth
can be summed up with one word work the
way the main reason why I brought my kid
brother today and I like hanging out of
the kid but the main reason why I
brought him was so he could still endure
while I ran he missed the shot of me
crossing the finish line because he was
in the car getting warm thanks Dean
