question
I want to hold it now
are they I completely fried my boosted
board so it's Friday the 13th
lucky Friday the 13th Friday the 13th
I'm on 29th we had somebody to some sort
of Nintendo switch the new gaming
console launch event this morning sounds
kind of interesting real reason I'm
going to reasons free snack and some of
my YouTube friends are going to be there
pretty steak yes with lot action lotta
action I got no it gives people what do
I go alright a real reason why I came
here it's not that I'm not excited about
the Nintendo stuff I'm really excited
how's it going man super good I came
from Jang and really excited for the
Nintendo split we're not a lot dreaming
because oh no I'm literally excited for
this okay yeah just to be clear this is
not like a branded I wasn't safe not
allowed to feel like I've never been in
one of these like media products launch
events like this before
I really came here because I want like
play video games and I really just want
hangouts don't do it hey what are you
doing in the back okay done just one of
the demos up for play super arms yes all
right we're up next we want to play - oh
yeah all right
I'm so excited I don't play this game
yet I'm really excited we want to play
this game so Sean oh ho
I think heartburn
it's such a what do I need to know where
respect can be clear one thumb up like
this
so it just happened right buddy sorry
dude make this stuff so seriously what
do you think of the game it was better
why it got a lot better when I be
charged look at this one do you be me a
mini okay got it
bet it's time to cinnamon bun there a
little yeah cinnamon roll balls there's
also a lunch coming but the snack
situation here is very impressive they
have a strict selection of nuts healthy
treats as well as tiny fried cinnamon
bun balls alright this is what the
hardware looks like like the size of
like a iPad Mini plugin DVD thing yeah
it's exactly size baby feels pretty good
like sturdy this is the controller bit
are you separate this is touchscreen
give their cat
okay ready ready clot controller screen
in a pretty good roller screen this one
looks like for resembled hiding is the
perfect size birth plan this is the
loading dock this goes like this
but then then what was on the screen
there now is on the big tree I don't
know if this is final hardware or not
that's it
it seems to work pretty well what is
love ladies don't I just be now
screaming I'm good are you fogging well
I'm making a video to listen exciting
what is mine
Wow look how professional you I think
that's it for my Nintendo Swift job that
might literally be the worst tech review
video I have ever seen in my entire life
let me try to uh let me try to like
append something intelligent at the end
of that there maybe redeem it a little
bit I have a ps4 and a bunch of really
good like first-person shooters I had an
Xbox I like them both I like them all
but I will say especially after seeing
that thing that Nintendo kind of stands
alone in that their gaming systems are
purely about the fun of the game like
not once today that I hear anything
about resolutions or frame rate or how
powerful the CPU is on those things it's
purely about the fun and like the
camaraderie and playing with friends the
social aspect to be able to like break
that thing in part and give your friend
a controller and you can play together
whether you're like at home or somewhere
it was about interacting with other
human beings and I think so much of
gaming is about like sitting alone in a
dark room staring at a screen and the
whole sort of ethos of Nintendo since I
was a little kid has been about like
playing with friends and having fun okay
so that's it for today's perfectly
mediocre technology review more coming
soon thanks for joining
