I've misses a little chat I want to give
a quick update on what I've been up to
but I also want to do more like more
videos like this where I'm just talking
to you I am making some really really
sick like proper videos like proper
YouTube videos for this channel one of
them is about running I shot it in South
Africa with my friend Dan it's really
good this is the video here it's like
really next-level cinematography kind of
like big ambitious awesome movie coming
soon
pS running pro tip if you want to run
20% faster just put on your headphones
and listen to the Tron soundtrack by
Daft Punk guaranteed speed increase
back when I was daily vlogging used to
say that talking to the camera is a
little bit like talking to a therapist I
mean I don't know who you are under who
most of you are but just like a
therapist you don't really talk back
much and you give me really considerate
feedback in the comments but anyway I've
missed these little chats and that's why
I want to do more of these I don't know
maybe I'm just being like a little
sentimental because my family still in
South Africa playing with penguins
but I always have things I want to talk
about like this shark video I saw
yesterday and these videos serve as like
a great platform for me to discuss the
things that I care about and the thing I
want to get into today for today's video
is about happiness on YouTube and all
that first I want to give you like a two
second update one I just got back from
South Africa in Las Vegas and all kinds
of other travel feels good to be back in
New York City focus to the new company
downstairs the thing I'm doing with CNN
it's coming along really well we're
going to be hiring people soon building
Studios making a bunch of videos I'll
keep you updated as things progress but
it's starting to like turn from like a
liquid of mystery into a gel of slightly
less mystery it's coming along though
three life's gotten kind of weird since
I stopped daily vlogging I got so used
to this lifestyle of like literally
working 20 hours a day to crank out
those videos I like don't know what to
do with myself now I have all this time
I did build a gaming station here in the
studio I've been working on a gaming
setup in there
you both done I'm so tense
more on that soon and I've been like
crazy focused on fitness which feels
really great but mostly I've just been
enjoying like returning to being a human
being but I do miss creating something
everyday so that's why I want to do more
videos like like this bots are the
biggest update since I stopped vlogging
like the biggest thing is that I have
all this free brain space like it kind
of hard to explain but when you're
making a video every single day you wake
up thinking about what's today's video
what's today's vlog episode gonna be and
then throughout the day you're just
trying to create it and then you're up
all night trying to shape it together
you fall asleep you wake up the next day
just like Groundhog Day and you start
over again
and that went on for like 600 straight
days or something like that and being
away from that for a month like I've
been able to really think about big
things that I want to do and redirect my
crew it feels great and I hope these
videos will serve as a little bit of a
vessel for me to share that with you so
yeah happiness there's this small
youtuber called PewDiePie you poodiepee
pewdiepie made a video like a couple
days ago and it was about was called
forced positivity on YouTube and by the
way Felix I like these kinds of videos I
think they're insightful and they're
smart and I encourage you to make them
the video was about how a lot of daily
vloggers have a sort of an aura of
forced positivity or like ass level of
superficiality around their content and
about how that can be dangerous because
young people might perceive that as like
if you're not happy all the time you're
doing something wrong or or might make
you feel less satisfied with your own
life because you are not happy like the
vloggers that you watch day in and day
out now me as a former now retired daily
vlogger and someone who gets like emails
and tweets every day from people saying
I appreciate your positivity I thought I
should chime in on this kind of my
thesis when I was daily vlogging was to
like pluck the happy and fun and
interesting aspects of my life out of
the 24 hour a day that is my life and
turned into a 10 minute video for you
the audience and I chose that approach
because I think much like a lot of you I
enjoy videos that make me feel good
versus ones that are overwhelmingly
depressing no one wants to watch a video
of someone groveling about how laying
their life is but I do think that means
that there's a big opportunity for
viewers to see that as the sort of
totality of my life like my life every
second of my life is that happy and it
isn't like no one's life is that happy I
try really hard to live like the
happiest most positive life I can but
life is ebb and flow and my life has
been no different especially throughout
the vlog and I can remember when I was
daily vlogging the hardest days for me
to make videos were days when I was like
having a fight with my wife or something
miserable was happening and I would have
to kind of push that out remember in
particular trying to daily vlog when we
were in
Texas at Candace's grandfather's funeral
I didn't blog the funeral but I was
trying to make a video that day and
shield you viewers from like that
difficult part of my life and maybe that
could be perceived as dishonest but I
think I was always pretty clear and
saying that the vlog was about the fun
positive interesting aspects of my life
and not about the whole picture that was
my life and I think the important
takeaway here is that whether you are
daily vlogger or someone who watches
daily vloggers is to know that we are
all human we all have struggles and just
because you put your life the difference
that vloggers me included have is that
we have the opportunity to edit our
lives and edit out the parts and leave
in the really happy part but know that
they exist so I want to end this video
by sharing with you what is my like
really naive basic recipe for finding
happiness in my own life and I will say
that whatever Candis is down or bummed
out or we're fighting and I tell her
this she's like Casey shut up I'm not
ten years old I don't need your stupid
recipe for happiness but here goes
whenever I'm really down I just try to
focus on what's really good I told you
this is basic and what I mean by that is
like when I look back at life and I see
like those when I was with a really bad
breakup I would focus on the fact that I
had friends and people who loved and
cared about me and I would take solace
in that even much more serious stuff
like 10 11 years ago when my dad had
cancer that was one of the more
difficult things I ever dealt with in my
life but I would I remember thinking at
least he also has a job that gives him
healthcare and that was just like a
little bit of something for me to focus
on that was positive out of a really
really situation that's kind of it it's
like today for example it's freezing
cold and snowing outside but it's so
cold
I can keep my juices refrigerated
without having to use any energy that's
kind of positive
just a quick caveat this video is not at
all intended to be a commentary on
mental illness or depression or anything
like that it's more about vloggers like
me and the kind of superficiality that
vlogging can have Felix mentioned this
in his video too but depression and
mental illness is is real and something
to be taken very seriously I put a link
below to some online resources to people
who may be struggling with with mental
health
you
