no not it it was faith it was 100%
unequivocally without any asterisks or
any explanation real but there was a lot
to it so I wanted to make a video and
explain I got the selfie stick check out
the name of this hotel it's day one of
production we're headed to the location
now there's Santa's Village the Sun's up
this is as sunny as it gets here and
we're like 10 minutes away from the
first shop I've seen pictures and parts
of it while I was being made but this
right here this is the exact moment when
I saw the drone complete for the first
time
I thought you are going to come look at
it we're going to set it up for you and
everything I staple to the morning
why this in North America a little bit
about that drone that is a 16 motor hexa
decker copter that's hexa decker copter
it has 16 31 inch carbon-fiber
propellers powered by 16 independent
motors it flies an entirely redundant
battery system propeller system flight
controls and motor controls the total
diameter of that drone is 10 feet the
drone itself weighs 165 pounds with me
my Snowbird all the rigging attached to
that came in closer to 365 pounds it has
16 batteries and 100% throttle has 1,050
pounds of thrust the drone has 4,000
amps of potential current at any given
moment it takes about 400 amps of
current to start an American v8
automobile engine so theoretically that
drone could start up 10 v8s at the same
time for lift comparison that drone
could lift 350 DJI phantom 4 drone it
had 81 kilowatts of available power
which is about a hundred and eight
horsepower which is a little bit more
than the average motorcycle I had enough
power to power an average American home
for 40 straight hours and probably the
most interesting aspect of the entire
drone was just the sheer amount of
redundancy needed to safely lift a
person into the air it had to be a large
aircraft with 16 motors or more it had
to have enough thrust on each of the
axes to recover from a propeller or a
motor controller or a motor failure this
thing was a true commercial machine
comparable engineering or manufacturing
work to like a regular manned airplane
or helicopter this thing was no joke
this wasn't built in a garage this was a
very very serious machine
that guy Justin his wife elaine and
stratton in the truck there they built
this thing and took them the better part
of the last year to do it
today's either day three or day four we
completely change locations like
different town different everything we
drive here that right there that's a
proper ski mountain so this is like a
and we have like some pretty amazing
locations here this morning I'm very
excited about this
now there were some assertions online
that I never actually flew or that it
was CGI or the whole thing was
computer-generated well one have you
ever seen anything computer-generated
that's that good I saw Star Wars
yesterday and I could tell what was
faking what was real but I get where the
criticism comes from especially because
there's never really a clear shot that
shows me being pulled and then lifted
into the air and then coming back down
without a cut and that was not on
purpose that was done with purpose and
let me explain
you see I couldn't actually be pulled by
the drone and then fly in the air as
like smoothly or it this is the drone
this is me
that's my snowboard I imagine it like
this drone pulling me going off the jump
and I would soar like that the reality
was very different if I was being pulled
by the drone like this like you saw in
the video which was real and then I'd
gone off a jump like this here's what
would have happened the minute I left
the air I would have swung like this
like a pendulum so the only way to fly
was to have the drone literally lift me
very carefully lift me straight up and
then once I was underneath it like this
it could fly anywhere provided it kept
me kind of dangling like this so that's
why like before I go over that gigantic
building you see me flying and then I'm
going over you never see me lift off
even in the one where I'm jumping that
snowbank if you look closely I don't
actually ramp off the snow bag just in
the drone pilot just was very good at
like lifting me like this before it
looked like I was launching off it and
then flew me away the other big question
I saw a lot was about whether or not I
was strapped in and the answer is yes I
was completely rigged safely and
professionally and to know I was
intrigued in at all
let me explain I think I'm more excited
about today's location than any location
thus far this week ok this is like a
different planet in all the shots from
just like being towed them like race
around through the streets and going up
the ski mountain and I'm just riding for
all of those I wasn't strapped in at all
like there was no safety there was I
could just let go of the rope and the
drone would take off now when I was
flying when I was actually being lifted
it was the opposite I did not want to be
able to let go or rely on one freezing
hand to lift my entire body weight up so
for that I had like this wire that came
out of my arm because it couldn't come
off my waist her off my back like this
it would just be impossible to ride so
ii had to come through that one hand so
my other hand would be free to ride i
feel great this really sucked but
because there were like sixteen rotors
here they were sending so much wind down
that when i stood like this
the snowboard here acted almost like a
fan blade with the wind coming down and
literally like spun me like a top
you
that happened the first day they tried
to fix about attaching a string to my
foot going down so there's a guy on the
ground that could keep me from spinning
but the string looks stupidest part and
use any of that footage in the end I
figured out that as long as I was like
holding the board like in a super gnarly
grab where I look like a real
snowboarder then the wind would flow
through it so that's why and all the
shots where I'm flying I'm holding the
board I'm grabbing the board I look how
rad snowboard dude from the 80s but also
that was the only way to keep the rotor
Watch from spinning me like a top
just like a super abbreviated backstory
as to how this thing came to be this was
like one of my crazy ideas that I
pitched the Samsung like I almost a year
ago we were going to shoot at this
summer in the Caribbean because I wanted
to fly over an island riding on a
surfboard didn't come to fruition
because like so when they asked if I
wanted to try to do it this winter I was
like yes this is the holiday video and
then things just kind of snowballed from
there that was the final shot five days
of shooting done in the can all right
that's it that's a wrap on the entire
production and if there are still any
doubts as to the authenticity of what we
did I'm going to be releasing the 360
video probably tomorrow or something you
can like pause it and look around and
try to figure out how we fake that - we
didn't fake it
that'll be posted soon all right any
other outstanding questions as to how we
did this ask below I'll try to answer
them on Twitter or something okay cool
good to see you again have a great
holiday
you
I know it looked like it was I know it
look like it was just jesting me that
made this whole movie but this is the
actual this is the actual team all right
hit it
you're my blocking everyone
take off
