all right he hasn't seen me yet
is right there
that'd be dr. bag in the overhead bin
my pleasure six hours 17 minutes I've
heard yes that is unusual little bit
long we're flying through a strong so
it's late right now it's nine o'clock on
a Wednesday I'm headed to Los Angeles
Jesse's coming with me this video that
I've been talking about this big holiday
movie I'm going to LA just I have to
like pull up I have to like a little bit
of prep work for that video and that's
the purpose of this trip I don't
Los Angeles I say to the hotel last
night Jesse stated his apartment I'm
gonna go meet him now and today we're
doing some research and preparation for
the holiday movie you can't imagine how
excited I am about this whole thing
Jesse why call this Samsung's right here
I just showed up Samsung is kind of like
sponsoring our holiday I just went for a
run I don't normally look like this can
i film in your apartment absolutely
we're in Jesse's apartment in Venice
we're going to leave here knocks we have
to go do our some training for the video
is that fair you need some training for
this this is hid I mean what you doing
is pretty
I hate keeping secrets in these videos
but I don't want to sort of let the cat
out of the bag as to exactly what the
holiday video is because there's too
many things that could go wrong and then
you would be upset at at me and Jesse a
little bit but mostly at me but we're
going to Long Beach right now and we're
going to learn how to do something that
sort of has something to do with what
the holiday video is I sound like a jerk
when I won't say what it is we wanted
they know is gonna be epic we just want
to make sure you stick around
are using for Casey oh hey I'm so sorry
are you Kate I'm Casey good to see you
what's your name a bill bill bill that's
Jesse yeah we just left a message for
Phil what are we doing
oh yeah well I got my stuff here you're
I'm ready to fly let me uh I mean I
gotta go over and check out what it do
fly your kite now if I stand here on my
leave get this right way this
Oh God well if I could drop Jessie
you've gotta shine even less work less
work on the bar last work on the bar fly
the kite around far out no no no far out
far out I never got in the water which
is tremendously disappointing but the
purpose of coming here was to learn how
to handle a kite and I did learn that
even though I didn't get wet you did
pretty good actually
I don't feel like I did pretty good
I don't think of today as a failure I
think I did learn a lot and that was the
purpose of that this is Andy here before
we go to dinner though you should meet
do we have time to meet your girlfriend
yeah okay let's go I put it on she's
taking a nap right now we're gonna wake
her up this is a special occasion
this is peak weirdness right now but um
this is her she's got a new dress I
bought her a new dress today
what's her name Dolores quick quick
quick run here in Beverly Hills this
morning we're doing a little bit of
Samsung stuff we have to discuss the
shoot for next week I'm not entirely
sure
I fly back to New York City tonight so
this morning there's a couple more
production meetings this is sort of it
for the prep for the holiday video shoot
the shoot is in three days morning
not yet no so this SoDo I've cut out
costuming custom costuming for the shoot
and Jessie seeing a photo of what the
costuming looks like you probably need
them
we have Kelsey here babysitting we're
going to the Grove now to see the oxy
Samsung VR installation there and then
Jesse and I still have some more I guess
we could do it on the airplane on Sunday
right the shot list yeah and then I
think all the prep that we could do is
done what is it Kelsey this is the night
before our for DVR experience our video
is unapologetically a Christmas video
but and it sort of involves a sleigh
Santa's sleigh but not this one you get
dizzy at any point in time just close
your eyes right okay just remember it's
a simulation so has anybody thrown up
yet all right again with the hints for
what we're doing this is a virtual of
virtual experience where you get to be
Santa in his sleigh right yeah with Sam
sack and this is sort of practice for
what our movie is is that given too much
away it might be
I'll see you next week on location for a
movie shoot can't wait I'm so I miss you
in New York yeah before farmer really
telling the location right no I haven't
said it yet you'll learn the location of
the shoot what's on Sunday when we yeah
that's almost a I've got one more sort
of formal like proper production meeting
left this is a production meeting I'm
taking without Jessie this is with like
the bigwigs at Samsung so you'd overall
like the specifics as to how to do this
and then I fly back right now I'm going
back going back to New York for
literally one day just so I can see
Francine and then we fly out to the
location of the actual shoot
oh hey Shambhu I see you're vlogging
again I'm not sir
see Candace's sister's baby's first
birthday is tomorrow so she's coming
here and I'm going must really I only
got to see her for like two minutes but
running into Candace amazing
that concludes the preparation for our
big shoot next week this story will
resume well we fly - in two days
