it's been a while since my last log it's
been like 12 or 18 days or like 6 months
or something I want to give you a full
update of everything that I've been up
to for starters I'm still using
Candace's closet to to shoot videos in
thank you
still eating $1.00 pizza good I'm also
still drinking that green juice it's
still delicious
still riding my first support the
traffic still flying my drone I'm still
riding my boo support wild fly my drone
I'm still opening boxes Nike self-lacing
hyperadapt oh my yeah and my marriage is
still perfect
franzine turn to
I got a repair of Easy's I've been
playing a lot of video games and I've
been spending a lot of time planning
videos that are like bigger production
especially my holiday video which you're
going to learn all about soon I haven't
done a production this complicated since
well before I started vlogging on my way
to the airport still doing this kind of
a lot and I'm still back at the airport
to get them back back at the airport so
yeah not like a whole whole lot has
changed but then we're like a million
more questions about exactly what I'm up
to at CNN so it is our pleasure to
welcome you with a local time
see I'm flying down here to Atlanta this
is where CNN's headquarters that's uh
that's CNN headquarters right there so
we're here for a day when I say we I
mean the entire beam team is here in
Atlanta with me CNN HQ beam team and
this trip is just to meet some of the
CNN's staff like a lot of the tech
people are here in Atlanta I wanted to
come down here for a day
say hello get to know them you guys look
awesome so yeah in the video that I
posted last week where I explained that
I sold my company beam to CNN and I'm
going to be working for CNN now I gave
zero explanation all I said is I don't
know what we're doing and that's
completely true but there is a lot of
context that I can share with you that I
haven't shared with you making a video
every day on YouTube presented all kinds
of opportunities and as I was assessing
those opportunities like what do I want
next for my own career I realized in
order for me to go to the next level I
needed to do things that were bigger
than just me I needed more resources
then I personally had access to as the
YouTube channel and the vlog just
exploded the opportunities became like I
wanted something much bigger and now I
had access to it one of the companies I
met with was CNN and they were just as
excited about working with me from a
media perspective like a video TV
YouTube everything perspective as they
were about what we could do from a
technology perspective with the squad at
being and I should say at first I was
like this is never but as the
conversations progressed I realized just
how perfect of an opportunity this is
exactly what I've been looking for beam
and there are a lot of misconceptions
about this but being first of all beam
is a company we're a technology company
were a software development company and
we're definitely more than just the one
app that we launched last year and that
app we had a really successful launch
but the app like you know we didn't
compete with snapchat that's why we're
shutting down the app now but there's a
difference between the app and the
company itself in CNN was very attracted
to the company itself and it was the app
that demonstrated what we were capable
of as a technology company one very
important distinction here and there's a
lot of misinformation about this online
especially in other people's YouTube
videos who seem to just kind of be
guessing all the intimacy's of this deal
this was expressly not an aqua hire this
is not a situation where CNN hired all
of the or some of the employees of my
tech company so they could use this guy
over here to work on their website and
this guy to work on their mobile app and
beam the company we are staying together
we are not leaving offices we're still
going to be operating on a team
headquarters right here in downtown
Manhattan in fact we're going to be
expanding and hiring more people to work
out of this space right here
not one team member left the company not
one person was asked to leave the
company not one person asked to leave
the company we are staying together as
the cohesive team we have always been
focused on building technology and very
in line with the mission that we've
always subscribed to as a company the
difference now is that we're going to be
merging what I've been doing in the
media space that is YouTube and what I
did in films and what I did in TV and my
whole knowledge of the media space and
then what we've done in the technology
space we're going to put them together
and create a new company and we're
operating autonomously we are downtown
CNN's uptown we are downtown CNN's here
in Atlanta we have total freedom to
create whatever we want to create and
now we have that freedom with the vast
resources of CNN and look I know I
didn't answer any specifics as to how
we're going to do that and that's what I
met in last week's video and I just kept
saying I don't know what we're doing
because we haven't defined the what and
we're going to take the next three five
six months to really figure that out but
that's the broader thing like that is
what this whole acquisition that is what
this entire thing is about the last
thing that was like falsely reported
ever I don't know where people get their
facts on YouTube but this YouTube
channel is mine this is my channel to do
whatever I want with CNN did not buy
this channel I'm a business perspective
from an Adsense perspective from a
creative perspective this channel will
be my channel to do whatever I want
including vlog if I decide I want to
vlog again or whatever and again I just
think that speaks to the confidence that
CNN has in us to build something they
didn't want this they want what's next
and that was a huge part of what was so
exciting for me
so I hope that makes sense I hope that
adds a little Oh a little color to what
I'm up to
I'm excited I cannot remember the last
time I was this excited for the future
for what's to come next I will say I do
I do miss vlogging I miss like the get
up and go I miss the grind of like make
something every day I miss clicking that
upload button I miss like your feedback
and your comments like I miss all of
that but I've got on the flip side of
that like I love having my kind of sense
of self back when you make a video for
the world every day it's like am i doing
this for me or am i doing this and the
minute I stop making videos every day I
I kind of felt like I I kind of felt
like I had my life back and that felt
kind of special also not to be too like
personal but at night when I used to sit
by myself and my underwear in the dark
editing my videos now I like sit in bed
with canvas and we watch TV and stuff
she's really cool I love hanging out
with her all right that's it for this
update um I'll be uploading a bunch of
videos really soon I'm doing something
crazy for the holidays ah talk to you
later
