so maybe you've heard the news by now
but yesterday we announced that I sold
my technology company beam to CNN and
with CNN and my team at beam and my
partner Matt Hackett we're going to
starting a new like media and technology
company it's a very big deal it's a very
big announcement and I wanted to explain
to you as much of it as I can in a
YouTube video so this video is going to
be I sold my company told in five parts
ok part one the blog a question I've
been asked a million times since
yesterday is this why I killed the vlog
is this why I stopped blogging and the
answer is yes and no I was genuinely
bored I was exhausted and creatively
depleted when it came to making that
blog and I felt that way for the last
several months and the reason why I kept
going is because I wasn't entirely sure
what to do next so I would have stepped
away from the vlog regardless I don't
know what else I would have stepped into
and this opportunity definitely provided
me with the the catalyst to actually
shut the vlog down again just as a
caveat
I'm not vlogging I'm still youtubing
very very much so if you didn't see the
video I posted two days ago from Vietnam
check it out took me three weeks to make
I'm going to make a whole video about
what it means to be an entrepreneur and
what my experience was like but I
couldn't make this video without talking
about fear I've done so many scary
things in my life jumping out of
airplanes and helicopters over
Afghanistan is in
there is nothing I've ever done that has
scared me as much for as long of a time
as starting a company and I think the
reason why is you know we had to raise
millions of dollars to start being and
in order to do that you have to go to
people you trust some people you know
some people you don't and you have to
put yourself on the line and say believe
in me
and that belief in you is substantiated
by them writing you a huge checked tens
of thousands hundreds of thousands
millions of dollars and the reason why
this fear is just omnipresent when
you're starting a company is to fail
means having to go back to all those
people that believed in you the entire
amazing brilliant geniuses that are the
team at being my partner Matt all the
investors that put their money on the
line all of that in aggregate just
yielded a terror that I might fail and
let down all these people that believed
in me I'm not bringing this up to be
self congratulatory or anything like
that I just but to omit that part of
this narrative from this video I think
would make this incomplete the future so
if you read any one of those like
hundred articles about what we're doing
none of them actually say what it is
we're going to be doing with CNN are you
making an app for them are you gonna
have a TV show I have no idea it's
probably not gonna be I'm Casey dice dad
and this is CNN part of the reason why I
was so excited about working with CNN is
they believed in me
they believed in math they believed in
our team so much that they just wanted
this relationship to happen and then
we'd figure out what it is later so
that's what our focus has been it's like
how do we pull this together how do we
make this happen how does this make
sense we did all that and now we're
going to figure out what it actually is
money everybody loves to talk about
money I saw a lot of YouTube videos
talking about this CNN partnership the
CNN deal and everyone just wants to talk
about the money
there are a lot of huge numbers being
thrown around out there and and this is
not winning the lottery there are a lot
of people involved in this this is in no
way just this deal is in no way just me
also just as part of that I don't know
why but for whatever reason making money
on YouTube or as a social media person
or in general is something that people
love to all over on YouTube that's
something I will never understand I
think if you watch this channel you know
a little bit of my background you know
that that when I started my career at
age 17 I was on welfare I had nothing
everything I have in my life has been
owned and I'm very proud of that and I
don't hide from that but I'm excited
about what this means I'm excited that
this means that I will be able to
continue to provide for my family but
I'm not going to be buying a private jet
anytime soon or driving a Ferrari
I don't just thank you for watching
these videos but if I didn't have people
that cared about for whatever reason
about what I share I wouldn't have any
of this and whatever this next journey
brings I hope you're interested enough
and to at least check it out or come
along with me but everything I've ever
done has been because of people like you
who have shared your time in watching
what it is that I put out there so I
mean it what I say thank you
so that's kind of it I hope that this
shared I hope that this sheds a little
light on what's going on and look I
really I don't know what's next I don't
know what the future holds for me and my
career and YouTube and this new company
and this whole thing I have no idea but
I can tell you when I look back at my
life there are a lot of times when I've
stood at the bottom of a gigantic
mountain so I'm not in Figure diddly
like when I was 17 and out of baby and
sometimes literally like when I've
actually climbed gigantic mountains this
is me summoning the tallest mountain in
the southern and western hemisphere and
I can tell you all those journeys all
those journeys have taken in life I've
never known how to get to the top of
that mountain I've had no idea what that
would look like or how to do that but I
always knew where to start because every
journey big or small professional or
personal figurative or literal every
journey starts the same way you take one
step forward one step closer to where
you want to be and this this whole new
company CNN thing this is the next
mountain that I want to climb I hope
you'll come with me and today today is
step one
