so this is it this is the first look at
the new MacBook Pro 15 inch with touch
bar let's have a peek oh I'm just
kidding that's my old broken meter this
is the this is the new one right here
this guy
Marlon you see what's up you got my
package Marlon I'll be a punishment of
your package right here I'm looking
forward to this one is he nice that
that's me nice thank you
it's always a pleasure man Oh always a
pleasure my brother
I just adjusted the white balance I hope
that's not too going hey hi so this is
my review how it's more of a
comprehensive first look at the new
15-inch MacBook Pro with touch bar
noticing so almost fully Specht out I
got the 2.9 gigahertz processor which is
the better one and then I got one
terabyte of storage which is the middle
level but I got the souped-up 460
graphics card so this is almost as high
as it comes this thing was like 3500
bucks first a little context that for
the most part I make a living entirely
by making videos and after the camera
the most important tool when making
videos is the computer that I edit those
videos on now this thing right here
but this r2d2 garbage can looking
computer right here this is the most
specter the most expensive computer that
Apple makes this is the Mac Pro with
every option selected this thing costs
as much as a use Toyota it's supposed to
be like the world changing supercomputer
and it's the worst machine I have ever
owned
I literally have this thing set up on
this amazing monitor right here
everything ready to go and all I use
this computer for is for data management
these are my hard drives here and I
manage all that data on this machine the
computer is really that bad but at this
desk right here I have my laptop now
prior to the MacBook with the touch bar
this was the best MacBook you could buy
and this thing's amazing I travel the
world of this I added all of my videos
on this this is a workhorse it has never
let me down and this this is probably my
favorite computer I've ever had it's
been really great for me
now I have only had this for like less
than a day let me tell you what I like
about it right off the bat first
it's lighter and thinner than that other
one and that's a big deal for me since I
skateboard home with it in my backpack
every single day weight is a big deal
number two the hardware itself this
thing is aluminum and as sexy a machine
as you would expect from Apple the
keyboard people complain about because
they want it to be clicky this thing is
super quick II love the keyboard so it
is this sort of futuristic spaceship
feeling machine that you want to hug and
show to your friends and go into like
your hipster coffee shop and be like
look at me I got the new one now let's
get into my concerns and and I got a lot
of them I don't know how founded the
arcs I haven't really gotten into this
thing yet but I'm not a cynic just hear
me out the logo doesn't light up this
lights up see lights up no no lights up
okay let me get back to the review first
when you fork over three and a half
thousand dollars to buy one of these you
don't just have to buy the Machine you
also have to buy this year dongle a
dongle or as Apple calls them an adapter
is the only way you can plug in any USB
thing to this which is a huge deal
everything's USB this ain't got no USB
ports in fact this has almost no ports
at all which brings me to our biggest
issue about this thing no SD card Drive
SD card is the kind of memory that is
used in every camera I use and it's very
good on the other computer out of the
camera into the computer because this
doesn't have that port I there's a
dongle now I could use this dongle to
this other donal but instead I bought
this thing because I read on Amazon that
was pretty good and that's D card reader
I have to remember this thing for
additional USB things I have to remember
this if I want to plug in my external
hard drive I have to use this so these
three dongles are now three dongles that
I'll always have to have with me if I
want to use this computer in the way
that I use my previous computer with no
dongle
I just said the word dongle five times
my next big gripe with this now how many
of you have ever had your notebook go
flying off its work surface when
somebody caught your power adapter cord
in their foot right
whether it's your pet or your kid or
your roommate well this is going to end
that that meant no matter how hard your
charging cable is yanked on it would
just come right off no damage no problem
it was also very easy to plug into this
magnetic now look Apple I believe you
that this USB 3.0 whatever this is
called is faster and better but just
because this can transfer files better
doesn't mean that my two-year-old
daughter is going to trip over my power
cable any less
just kidding this is my old broken
laptop next I want to get into the
benchmark feature of this new laptop
which is the touch bar it's basically
like a long thin touchscreen at the top
of the keyboard I don't know how useful
it's going to be and honestly this far
along Apple I would have expected you to
come up with the smarter means of data
entry for these laptops what I mean by
that is like when I want to edit a photo
and I want to do it quickly
I don't want to use Adobe Photoshop or
Lightroom I just send it to my cell
phone and I use snap seed and what I can
edit it using my fingers in pinch and
zoom in Pokhara it's much easier faster
and more fluid than using a mouse and
keyboard to take that even further as a
video editor I feel like there's a
tremendous opportunity for a touch
interface around a professional video
editing suite maybe this is a little
further down the road in the future but
still now perhaps this touch bar is a
step in that direction maybe it's a half
step to get us there which I'm all about
but when I look at what Microsoft is
doing and I don't really use Microsoft
computers but I look at what they're
doing try and emerge their desktop
operating system with a touch interface
it looks like they're trying to push the
envelope when it comes to how you
interact with the data on your screen
maybe third-party developers will do
interesting things with it but for now
it's more like a dynamic set of function
keys then it is another way to like
truly interact with your machine so
that's it those are my thoughts ah maybe
I'll give a better with you like after
I've been able to use this thing for a
few weeks the short it is like I am
super super excited about this machine
but that's just because I like new toys
I'm also super bummed about the port
situation in the dongle situation oh by
the way Apple I don't know how or why
but I ordered one of these in one of
these and you accidentally sent me two
of these in two of these and I checked
by credit card skimming you didn't
charge me for four so I didn't open them
if you want me to send them back let me
know otherwise I'm keeping them thank
you for that
I don't know this this thing with all
the ports and the dongles I do think
it's a big deal I don't think I'm just
being whiny about it I know you were the
first gear of the CD the disk drive you
were right you're always introducing a
newer faster way like firewire over USB
back in the day but this this seems like
a big leap everything is USB and nearly
every consumer camera is an SD card so
doing away with those like you're you're
making my life as a professional user of
your professional a little bit harder
and it's not like a half step or
something I have to get used to it's
like when you want to teach the kid to
swim it's okay to throw them in the pool
and they have to figure out how to swim
to this side but this situation it feels
more like you're kicking me off the deck
of the Titanic saying swim to the
nearest iceberg it's gonna be hard
that's it thank you for watching my
technology review I'll see you next time
Apple comes out of the new laptop
