it's not clickbait
I really am ending the vlog yes
I'm starting a proper daily vlog I'm
psyched so this is the first vlog entry
but let me start this morning back in
New York City yeah I was a I was a
youtuber before I was a vlogger and I
was a filmmaker before I was a youtuber
I'm not going to give any of that up
it's just this the last whatever 18
months 500 600 videos this experiment
it's over bye girls you know when I when
I think back to why I started this vlog
I spent so much of that time sitting
here talking to you about this premise
about this idea that I need to challenge
myself creatively and I'd gotten lazy on
this platform and it hadn't been posting
and by issuing a mandate to post every
single day I would challenge myself
creatively in a way I'd never done
before and that's exactly what happened
and I think for the first year of doing
this I felt that fire under my ass
I felt that challenge every single day I
woke up every day thinking what can I do
today to make the greatest video
possible well then you see how famous
you are now really you see this
oh that's nice haha that's nice that's
nice the most famous UPS man real
internet celebrity
Marlon the only man you know what's
gonna happen up here now right it's
gonna be Marlon I'm Casey yeah and I
don't know I can probably like six
months ago something like that it
started to get easy
I found a rhythm I found a system for
approaching this daily video that was no
longer a challenge and this vlog I feel
like turned into the one thing that I
didn't want it to be when I started
which is just me making a little video
about what my day was every single day
the creative challenge faded away
something easier took its place and then
that easier thing was exasperated by
wild success on YouTube since starting
this vlog have earned over 5 million
subscribers I've done over a billion
views since starting this vlog and that
success combined with kind of a creative
complacency I think yielded something
that I don't like something I'm not
proud of which is that like I know how
to do this and do it in a way that's
pretty easy and have it make me very
successful on YouTube and make a great
living via Adsense and and grow this
reach but what it hasn't been doing is
challenging me it hasn't been the
creative fistfight that I want and need
every single day and the more I wrestle
with how to find that creative challenge
the more I realize I will never find it
as long as 16 hours out of my 24 hour
day I'm dedicated to uploading this
daily video I have to kill this before I
can give birth to what's next
yeah I didn't it says it's like my
favorite metaphor which is like that
Tarzan metaphor that I talked about
it's a couldn't be more appropriate this
idea that like life or career my career
is this huge jungle that I'm trying to
navigate my way through and the only way
to get from one side of the jungle to
the other the only way to get to where I
want to be in my career is by swinging
from vine to vine and grabbing onto that
next opportunity that next vine to take
me closer to where I want to be and the
trouble with success is that it makes
you very comfortable and look in
September inside of 128 day window I did
a hundred and fifty-five million views
and I earned one point 1 million
subscribers that's a kind of YouTube
success that is like I could have never
imagined when I started and that makes
you very comfortable that kind of
success says me good just keep doing
what I'm doing right now and this
success will continue but that means
holding on to that one vine in the
jungle and not reaching for what's next
and and the more I thought about like
how am I going to progress my career how
am I going to figure out what how is my
career going to evolve how am I going to
figure out what's next in my career the
more I realize I have to first let go of
this vine before I can grab on to what's
next
and when I think of risk I think of like
I think of like my 19 year old self
abandoning my job in Connecticut and
running to New York City with nothing
and taking a big chance on this dream to
become a filmmaker but in success and
look I'm 35 years 35 years old and I
make a great living doing what I love I
think I found some degree of success in
my life when you found success risk it's
a whole lot different because risk means
jeopardizing what you've earned what you
have and giving up this vlog is is
certainly risk this is a tremendous risk
but the thing that this vlog has yielded
is opportunity by reaching almost 5
million people a day via this channel
via this it's presented me with just
this tidal wave of opportunity and the
more I look around at that opportunity
and the more I think of what do I want
out of my career do I want to be making
vlogs when I'm 40 years old and the
answer is no like a career is always
about progress it's never arriving in
one place and staying there I've always
approached everything with that
mentality certainly when I think of the
long game that is my career this was a
big stepping stone but this was not the
finish line and that's a really scary
thing to admit to yourself especially
when my channel is still growing but
that's not enough of a reason to not
embrace something new and that's exactly
what I'm doing and what I'm doing next
is a whole nother video that I will dive
into and share the intimacy's of with
you but it's time to embrace a new
opportunity it's time to push for
something else because the success of
this vlog has not satiated my appetite
it's only made me more hungry this is
the most literal example of that
platitude I love to share that is with
each success comes a bigger more
ambitious goal with the success of this
vlog it has only made me hungrier and
I'm act
on that right now by moving on from this
from this blog you can do it
so what does that mean for this channel
well first I'm not giving up YouTube at
all I will be uploading I will be
uploading regularly I will continue to
pump out videos but different kinds of
videos the kinds of videos that take a
little thinking more than a day to
produce the kinds of videos that have to
really envelop myself in before I can
make don't want none unless you've done
it up please don't leave that that so
thank you for coming along with me on
this journey that has been the last year
and a half thank you for letting me
share my life and my perspectives and my
ideas with you
and that's kind of it stopping is not
easy I thought about going to like two
episodes a week or three episodes a week
but then I realized I can't grab on to
what's next unless I completely let go
of this so the only way to truly move on
is just to drop the mic so with that
who's gonna tell you well it's 10
who's gonna tell you things
or so
let's go
you know
