all right ask your take three take take
three Oscar you got it take three
morning-time Napa Valley let's see what
the breakfast situation is here in this
hotel
expectations exceeded morning morning
where'd you get those slippers man I was
look what's this morning find anything
yeah did not want to put the socks on
and the shoes in a breakfast situation
in there huh it's serious already late
to meet you outside
normally Oscar and I would be like
low-fat super healthy option I don't
even know what this is but we got two of
them there are the last two we had to
take them are we gonna be super late can
we take that Lexus right there
yeah there's nobody in it alright
alright let's go let's go let's go thank
you sir yeah
but but just you don't want to be able
to go back and say you really don't want
those extra eyeballs I'm pretty hard
lined about the fact that I think all
digital content should be platform
agnostic and if it's not it's silly yeah
we have more choices than ever how we
watch our how we how we password were
you hit like follow
I forgot my class I forgot my pass did
you bring it I got mine look at all
those people over there
we'd have to show ours yesterday we
should be fine we're going to the first
Napa Valley Film Festival event of the
day this is um this is a tribute to
Matthew McConaughey look at all those
people are we taking the boards inside
yeah really well what else we supposed
to do with them good morning good
afternoon how are you no vision still
he's right Oscar
nobody's steal these boosted boards
oh hey back
Wow look at this theater so juice it up
gear okay no listen pretty excited about
this Matthew McConaughey tribute good to
see him anyway he insists on this these
kinds of couches he travels with these
couches it's part of his rider it just
seems like it's going to be more fun up
here
not trying to cause any trouble
he's a so like he's telling some great
stories right there without a danger but
I didn't notice for the coke he was
awesome so I'm so good it's also a tall
guy
he's also extremely handsome he's as
handsome in person as he is in the
movies and charming credibly charm oh
yeah I want to go your friends them
right now I get older they stay the same
a
it wasn't he awesome us awesome you
don't mind being in the vlog do you you
don't have a choice get a water use the
restroom boost it maybe it snack we have
a tiny there's a little bit of a break
well a little bit of a break between
that Matthew McConaughey thing then
they're doing the shorts part of the
festival which is always my favorite
part he keep it Gooding jr. no yeah I
offered him a ride on the boosted board
is dead
you did something incredible here
officer you got it
yaar Oscar you got it faster let me come
to the other side you just need to go
faster then put this guy to watch me ha
ha okay yeah I'm okay when you're doing
that yourself
hahahaha you almost had it I almost had
it tonight an old school moves Suffolk
you look you look there's an old school
skateboarding move that you can do even
if you're not a good skateboarder if you
just kind of jump and if there's like a
hanging piece of chain or one of these
you jump over the thing you land back on
your board and I said oh great I can
this a rare opportunity to try that move
and then I looked at it was a little
higher than I thought how do you don't
let me see if I can you gonna do it on
the board
no I'm jump if I have a tight team it is
too high to jump you can do it no I can
get a skateboard so this is just a break
in between film screenings in the
theater that we've been exploring this
campus
it's a veteran's home the largest
veterans home in the United States so
one of the veterans told me and Oscar
and I have been skating around and we've
like been meeting veterans and I met a
really nice guy who was super super
psyched about my drone told me a story
about flying a drone in
home hitting the ceiling than it landing
on him and you met a guy named Ralphie
boy Ralphie boy who I think I was trying
to connect with by talking about how my
father grew up in a military background
and then I think he was like oh wait
this guy's a hardcore military dude
because he said he could never have
fought even though he served so that was
a nice way of connecting with different
people yeah great though just great like
I think we want to try it again
Oh
I never doubted you for a second Oscar
it's gotta get fried that's it that
finishes the short part like they just
showed like six short movies in a row
they were great question rule our
directors so let's start bye guys okay
and then to me yes sir how you - that's
me good thank you we were supposed to
leave tomorrow but we kind of pulled it
on audible and decided to leave today
mainly because one we were able to
switch our flights and two tomorrow I
have a parent-teacher conference at
Francine's school yeah so instead of
leaving tomorrow morning we're leaving
late tonight
back at the airport this time in San
Francisco
interesting perspective faced and it
took here Thank You Lexi short films
play boards in like four minutes or
something how's the hip would it killed
a normal man
groaning a little bit
hey not bad this is always the first one
on the plane is a favorite thing always
the last one on when I don't count with
you I'll get old
any wounds Oscar minor wounds ah totally
worth it yeah I wouldn't go swimming in
any bodies of water to have sharks but
besides that I think you're fine
I feel thanks for the encouragement
thank you shoutout to that lady too
because she said you can do it I thought
she was going to be like stop being a
reckless she was like you can do
