the hell is wrong with people that's a
line that's aligned you your picture
taken with the Bulls bull bye good luck
there Billy today thanks also to dress
up fancy
I dropped the baby off at school this
morning oh my god there's nothing sadder
than seeing she walks as I hold her hand
you like oh she walks with a little baby
self into the classroom opens the door
and then peeks around the corner and
says bye daddy as the door closes and
that's it she's in school her parent is
so sad
FUS it for has returned boost it to see
I break these things semi-regularly when
I break them out they're shipped them
back to California to get them repaired
I've had a couple under repair for a
while
yesterday is one of the greatest days of
the year in New York City yesterday was
the New York City Marathon see that see
that those are my medals from two of the
New York City marathons that I've run I
think I've run six altogether 5:30 in
the morning today is a marathon day
almost go time packed in here pretty
thick with people for some serious body
odor situations and some slight Ebola
fears nice sunglasses dude thank you
just finished strong 303 doing a quick
interview with ESPN hey but yesterday I
didn't run I didn't run for a lot of
reasons but mainly because what I'm
bummed out about it long story long I
want to share with you that I am dead
focused on getting back to marathoning
marathon running marathoning marathons
I've run 23 or 22 or 24 marathons in my
life I've never broken my target time of
three hours and right now for the first
time in a long time I am dead set laser
focused on getting back to that
remember Roy my friend that was Roy's
nephew's Bar Mitzvah and those are all
his like middle school friends and
they're like right by our house so they
asked me to go say hi I went it's not
nighttime but it is dark out this is my
least favorite part of fall but check
out this orange sky
that that's what color it is in real
life so I thought I would take that
bright word sky as an opportunity to
reintroduce an old friend to the blog
you guys remember my friend my friend
Matic C I really really missed this
drone and I can tell you this is the
greatest drone ever made and I stand by
that now more than ever
alright so this is the maiden voyage of
the Mavic 2 and the purpose of this
flight I guess this is sort of a
low-light test but really I'm just
anxious to get this thing in the air and
I missed it little guy
not any idea of what that footage looks
like I'm very quickly reminded why I
love this thing so much it really is
like drones are all about the software
not the hardware not the device but how
you control it and the software in this
thing is incredible it is easier to fly
and inspires confidence in a way that no
other drone that I've ever flown does it
does what you want it to do
all right I gotta get home now very
exciting Candice and I have a date
tonight
Candice if I don't wear a suit what do I
wear what I don't wear a suit what do I
wear
you're nice like a black sweater why
don't you want me to wear a suit also
give me back my necklace
no yes no you lost yours you can have a
silver one this is limited it's not the
right cage that's lightweight I want
this thick one it's exactly the same no
I had a thick one before no you didn't
yes I did Oscar wear a black
sweater and your boobs on myself oh
that's so um I'm wearing a suit don't
know why she doesn't like me wearing
suits I think I just want me to be the
one who's better trusted definitely
invitation to a cocktail reception
celebrating the newest addition to Nobu
the evening will take place from 6:30 to
9 p.m. at Nobu New York does that sound
exciting which party are most excited
about the food what are you doing you
don't even have any apps open you're
trying to find you're staring at a blank
phone as a dentist's end of New York
City and a participant in New York City
social scene occasionally get invited to
events like this where you get free
drinks and a free dinner and when I was
younger is like free socializing but we
don't socialize anymore
how do we didn't go to Miami honestly
one of my favorite places at investing
why I mean it's great down there and but
why excuse me miss pool this pool up can
I get a photo I get a photo can I see
the other side from behind okay and who
are you wearing tonight is that my
sweater so far so good the food has been
primo how are the drinks
- she's insane Robert DeNiro's here it's
a very special occasion is he making
your dream lovely
it's dissipating the ostomate two things
okay
thank you sir
and we don't want to make any
pretensions any more than what it is or
pouring laughs we don't want to do it
Donald Trump those we don't want to get
pretty narrow
not that he doesn't do things that are
probably good you know famous even him
but we're trying to do something very
special and welcome everybody we are
very excited
wonderful event great dinner
thank you for having us really really
enjoyable it was really enjoyable we
were terrible at dating it's 7:40 and
we're rushing home to try to see
Francine before she falls asleep there's
a taxi
