today begins with a special announcement
so tomorrow November 8 2016 is election
day here in the US of A and that's a big
day
now maybe you're like me you're a little
bit sick of this election you're a
little bit sick of the news coverage of
this election and you want to hear from
real people about who and why they're
voting for so ok all this came together
in like the last week by the way so bear
with me here but the beam squad the team
at beam we wanted to build something
that like made it easy for you to share
who you voted for and your thoughts in
the election things like that so we
built this kind of cool app on Android
and iOS
it's called exit poll live and basically
what it lets you do is like after you
voted before you vote it if you're
thinking of voting whatever you're gonna
do you like say who you're voting for
whether it's Trump or Clinton or a third
party candidate or somebody who wrote in
and then for like 60 seconds 30 seconds
you just say in a little video why you
picked that candidate then all those
videos get sent into like this gigantic
feed of people sharing their opinions
and if you like our page on Facebook
that constant feed of people sharing
their perspectives on the election will
show up in your Facebook feed I hope
that makes sense cuz it was like a lot
to figure out the app is super stupid
basic first download it
then you open it it looks like this then
you get here you just click on who you
voted for I will show you question mark
head to keep this video neutral and then
you're here and you're just trying to
give a little recording like ah click
Submit and that's it and then it uploads
to the entire stream of people sharing
who they voted for here's the exit poll
page just click like and here you'll see
like our awesome live feed of all the
people sharing all of their perspectives
on who they voted for I hope that makes
sense
this apps really only good for like one
day which is tomorrow I hope you have an
opportunity to download it and play with
it and share your perspectives also I
know a lot of you viewers are under the
age of 18 you're not going to be able to
vote I know a lot of you are
international and you can't vote here in
the States certainly feel free to use it
share your opinion on this insane
election and yeah it will be shared with
everybody watching the exit poll live
feed all day on Election Day the links
for the apps in the link to our Facebook
page
right below
