alright enough with the whistling papi
papi
hello about four miles out that's Santa
Monica behind me Malibu that way taste
is one of my favorite places to run in
the entire world it is just amazing here
those dolphin swimming out there a
minute ago ten point two miles at a 712
pace I love running in California okay
got to get out of this hotel room right
now I have a special guest to the blog
today my sister Jordan I'm meeting her
for lunch and you know I don't get to
see my sister that often so I'm pretty
excited about this
morning I just need to get my car I
don't remember what kind of card is but
either the Rolls Royce or the test no I
that's it that's it all right I'm on my
way to visit my big sister 1014 Wilshire
and here's the thing about my sister
she's the nicest human being on planet
Earth
but she gets super super upset if you
make her wait which is totally fair you
should never make someone wait but on
six minutes late just gotta find the
girl
just finished lunch this is my sister
you might remember from other vlogs
my sister works for some company that
sells something for athletes do you want
to pitch it to my vlog yours hey hotshot
is for muscle cramps you guys should try
it it's great Casey loves it because
it's spicy that is not that's an unpaid
unpaid endorsement for my sister Jordan
Casey what's up babbles watching you
right now
haha so bro take care all right
all right this is the famous Venice
Beach you might recognize it from Grand
Theft Auto I'm here in California for
work I have a shoot later today but it's
a shoot where I'm like an actor on like
a character I'm like in it I'm not
shooting it I'm not directing it I'm
just in it and I can't talk about what
it is but it's something fun and awesome
and cool that you'll see soon enough but
I've got a little bit of time to kill
and I thought this would be a good time
to finally test out the GoPro karma
drone
I didn't bring my mavet because I drop
it in the river but I have my phantom 4
so I'm going to test them head-to-head
all right here we get it ah there you go
there's Jerome to help me just wrong
surprised to see you here what are you
doing in Venice man I was just don't
know something told me to be here today
okay I got the Phantom 4 mm-hmm and I
got the Karma
calm as a virgin it's never been flown
before I want to do the same exact shot
with the Phantom 4 and then the same
exact shot with the Karma we're gonna
race by the way the drone Ferg's you've
seen already in today's vlog was on the
DJI not on the Karma
this fandom not flown a thousand times
and completely fluent with it the GoPro
I've only flown once and it was under
the supervision of GoPro first time I'm
ever putting a first time I'm ever
putting drone blades on the Karma so
that has a black part on the top and a
silver button gun karma is the same
process as on the DJI so far I'm gonna
fly the DJI first because I just know
how to do it and there's less question
marks you've never flown a DJI before
the controller is pretty good it works
really well do you know what like the
rules are we allowed to fly drones down
here I've no idea probably nothing this
is this okay so here you be cameraman
man
the shot I'm going to do is straight out
the beach over the rocks over the
surfers and back landing the Phantom
took some practice but I'm very very
good at it
look like a box without having really
flown it this controller is incredible
look at that no phone you're nothing big
fat screen but if it doesn't work as
well it doesn't matter but it is nice
feel that pretty slow to boot up shoot
cuz I haven't done this before I'm not
to set it up here here we go
karma ready to start Wow okay
incredible stop button that was very
fast and efficient nice work GoPro here
we go moment of truth here ready for
takeoff throw let's do this
take off was a breeze nice work GoPro um
alright now I'm going to turn shoot you
know what I didn't this week building I
wasn't recording so I don't see anyone
okay take two I'm actually rolling this
time ah this is going to be my first
landing ever with a GoPro Karma
Oh big violence not bad okay that was
not using an automatic land feature that
was just me crash landing up and up oh
wait look we're missing a blade that's
not good how did this get over here
it's hard this is not a conclusive
review but so far very impressed here's
what the footage looks like
purely from an image quality perspective
I do think that GoPro has a better
picture than the Phantom 4
the DJI flies better it's easier to
control the software is better but but
in a head-to-head just on image quality
I give it to go all around though I do
think that the Phantom boards to secure
your pool so I haven't seen Jerome here
in a long time and I convinced him to
come with me but we had the complete
opposite direction of his house and now
I have to drop him off somewhere so you
can get an uber like a dog you don't
help anymore on the side of it I can't
drive home revving and this might shoot
so I'm literally just having to kick him
out like I'm sorry I feel like a
terrible friend right now drum drum I'll
just leave you here with that bang here
thank you for not letting me know
good to see you my friend um I hope she
fit in soon
yes keep your hands off that girl Jerome
you don't know her we work together all
right good luck at home I hope you don't
get kidnapped by Jerome
okay look at this place it looks like
I'm in the city right this is not a city
this is a god this is a Hollywood
backlot none of these buildings are real
like looking this looks like like that
no what we won't you call this this is
like the school right right here not a
school there's nothing in here at all
I lost my skateboard this isn't a bank
right here and that's not a country
store back there and that's not a liquor
store and that's not a restaurant so
this do you hear that my camera focus is
off this is the back lot where the shoot
that I'm here for was shot very cool
production though I never had such free
reign of a back lot
robbed my skateboard not as cool as you
think but look looks like concrete
listen hollow nothing's real
whiskey and liquor store not a liquor
store at all to be a great place to have
a party or film a skateboard video or I
really was not planning on staying in
Los Angeles tonight open you see I was
going to fly out tonight burn book a
flight and then when I went to book a
flight it was like so I'm in LA for one
more day one more night one more day I'm
gonna book my flight out right now check
out who I found in Los Angeles
it's Oscar hey hey all right have fun
good lucky your sushi dinner Thanks okay
aunt called but they don't know you they
know us they know me too
