it's like 5:00 in the morning right now
the city is still asleep except for that
girl right there I'm on my run but
today's going to be a very very long day
today ends like 25 hours from right now
very full very full day today this is a
very New York City scene right here
produce being delivered in the back of
the yellow taxi
and busy isn't that busy busy it's good
I'm very excited for this super full day
all right ready
I gotta show this to you see
see that right there see that you know
what that is
that is gray hair the last couple of
months for me have been incredibly
incredibly stressful they're wrapping up
soon but in the interim it's just been
like yesterday I didn't upload I posted
nothing it was a day I made the entire
day on the phone in meetings just like
really uninteresting stuff I would
rather post nothing than post something
that I'm not excited about till the end
of the day I had nothing I had no
episode it edited no video kind of I
felt like I felt depressed like I felt
sad like something was missing so like
10 o'clock last night I was at the gym
getting swole I was listening to a guy
named Dan Ariely who's a behavioral
economist he was talking about why we
work in his entire sort of thesis was
predicated on the idea that we work
because we want to not because we have
to it made me think about my YouTube
channel and the fact that I've made like
600 videos in the last couple years and
how much I and all the things I don't
get to do in life because I'm so focused
on my work the vast majority of the work
that I do including here on YouTube I
get paid for but it definitely is not
why I show up I get it out of this like
longing or hunger for accomplishment or
this idea of needing to complete
something professor I was listening to
he equates it to like climbing a
mountain which is a perfectly
it's an appropriate analogy because I
love climbing mountains look here is a
picture of me and my homie Graham at-at
nearly 23,000 feet above sea level
my brother van put that note in there
right after we got back so why don't we
climb mountains I don't get paid to
climb mountains it's not fun do I look
too happy then I'm not happy I'm close
to death right there we climb mountains
for the same reason that we work it's
because as human beings you have this
desire to do something to complete
something whether that sense of
completion is getting to the peak or
clicking upload or just going home
knowing you that's it I'm making
conclusive to end this monologue with
other than we interrupt this program to
bring you a special report the sound was
all screwed up for like that entire
scene I just realized while I was
editing deep there's a little switch
right here and if it's at plus 20 it
sounds terrible you need it up minus 10
so on my camera I permanently glued it
down so I apologize for that horrible
sound but it will never sound like that
again now back to our show
this is so awesome
whoa
sorry about the sound with this computer
on a GoPro on my regular wind head up to
50 at 3 now about 24 26 more clocks to
go
what's up guys Rinna blog Queen o'clock
I think you're in the blog this is my
camera
this is yes thank you nice to meet you
bye guys I gotta go in here nice to see
you
what do we do where are we going right
now tell like those clowns okay see
slightly different results oh and then
this is got a well we're going to set up
here for our final panel so can we get
the panelists to come on up ladies so
you get me mess up really appreciate you
all right safely bye guys
so that was like that was a that was a
panel about marketing and like social
media and stuff they asked me to be on
it it was great it was very industry
meaning like people that work in the
industry and I never get to interact
with those folks that was awesome whoa
whoa what's up man going on pricey
YouTube videos and that's me
come on
I have about 50 more blocks before I'm
home and this thing is all but dead
blinky blinky
steal a little juice here
all right it's been ten minutes
Miguel would hope for the best
I fancy awesome awesome I started I'm
going to JFK Airport thank you flight is
in an hour and 52 minutes perfectly on
time
okay back at the airport all right thank
you sir
what's up Jewish I know dude I watch
your videos like every single day I'm
reeling this one yeah so you said number
five right I see it yeah man take a
selfie but I can't I can't they don't
love me too oh I'm so sorry
here hold on I've got an idea just watch
the vlog tomorrow screen capture this
and then you'll have a selfie but you
didn't break protocol thank you see you
later
okay thank you very much 45 minutes 45
minutes to get through security
be-because because security took so long
I actually have very little time to
actually take a shower it's a late night
flight I gotta sleep on this flight and
I've had a long day I'm sticky a shower
fixes everything
this is cutting it dangerously close
thank you very much but I'm fast I'm not
gonna miss the flight but they're
definitely calling my name right now the
thing that really really sucks is that
lounge has the best snacks and I haven't
had dinner yet
- I'm on La all right coming in
Feinstein's I got admitted with two
minutes of spirit if I had two minutes
that's all you're saying is I couldn't
stop for food well there you go
yeah I said you got two minutes I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm late guys
okay definitely definitely definitely
the last person on this plane but those
guys have a great attitude about it from
the sea park if you need assistance I
don't have a lot of regrets in life not
getting snacks tonight definitely one
I've got just under six hours my goal is
to finish my work watch a half a movie
eat dinner and sleep for a minimum two
hours
concerning our Olivia sound
aaaah
turbulence playing is a neural Mustang
from landing into Los Angeles please
make sure your seatbelts fastened tray
tables and events should be in their
upright and locked position buttons you
have the cap of one last time typically
our rating service items ever passed out
do you watch a lot of youtube I love the
my lovely was you to be something really
good I agree I love you too
it is 1:00 in the morning here now which
means it's 4:00 in the morning in New
York which means I'm tired I haven't
slept away
well that's it remember when I said
today's should be a really long day that
was 23 hours ago
I gotta say this this thing really
changes the game
you
