so Oscar made a friend I'm excited too
buddy
super excited to travel days away is so
good to be back in New York City
whoa all right I'm all the way east side
heading on the west side I'm pretty
solid pretty solid there ten point four
mile run 739 per mile people ask me what
I listen to when I run on my headphones
when I want to think like when I want to
think about work or whatever I listen to
music and when I want something to think
about I do like a podcast about science
or finance or something like that
that's it I hate and hate is a strong
word
I hate phone call the only I hate more
than emails are phone call and whenever
I have a lot of calls to make I try to
lump them all together today Friday is a
day of phone call reckoning
I don't know who you are I will find you
and I would oh hey hi nice to see you
last time I saw you is 11:00 in the
morning now 437 in the PM I've done
nothing but phone calls the entire day
it just like eats away it's like this
vampire just
hi honey
special visitor Candice put look at us
could be getting even New York for both
wearing all black are you not well thank
you thank you nuni blanket from colorado
thanks whoever sent us this stuff for
Francine for Halloween very nice of you
hello and welcome to this latest episode
of mailtime haven't done mail time in a
while today seemed like a great day
mainly because there's all these boxes
over here and I haven't really found
anything to ever vlog there's also a
special guest here whose enthusiasm for
mail time and helping me with today's
vlog could only be described as palpable
are you good there I already open this I
should have opened this on camera
yeah it's really there's literally no
name this is the name okay whoever this
person is thank you for making me this
amazing record I've never been this
best-selling musician I feel like I am
now thank you
oh this isn't this isn't sitting here
for a while before I open it I want to
compliment the boxart here it's really
amazing remember that from the Christmas
story what what is it it's a leg says
please open with Oscar he's not here
shall we
and then this is Bentley the bulldog I'm
not going to a costume
you rode a helicopter thing you're so
funny story this is a present for Oscar
bride you sure written on the box this
is a present for Oscar this is from my
friend Bradley this is his amazing dog
who flies in helicopters it says dear
Oscar always in my thoughts and then
there's a sexy picture of the dog see
Oscar and this dog had a bit of a
romantic relationship when we were
shooting that movie Hey yeah he just
goes after aathi he's easily literally
fallen out Bentley come on serve oscar
vader friend Bradley you can count on me
to make sure this gets Oscar alright
before I open this I want to credit this
with inspiring me to do mail time today
because well you know they're gonna help
me what is it that Kristin Simmons
certificate of authenticity Casey my
boyfriend got me into your vlogs and I'm
obsessed ah I'm an artist based in New
York City and recently completed a
series called Beauty is life's easy pass
I like that Kristen thank you really I
can go in the house yeah Candace Lacey
should like anything that's fun
Casey thank you for inspiring my class
ah all my best Laurie and the students
of Arts Rock 2016 look it's me made out
of Legos thanks kids this is going up in
the office I know what this is my GoPro
karma drone you don't care this is huge
expect a comprehensive review Wow
been waiting for this for so long see I
got to play with it when they announce
it
let the GoPro come on boy right there
but I haven't had any like quality time
with this thing yet very cool very cool
GoPro very excited this is a big one
happy Halloween Casey we thought you'd
like to have some fun with this wonder
tech it's another drone oh my
okay dear wonder tat thank you this is
another drone but this is not a drone
for photography this is a Halloween
drone can't can't wait to fly this
around your city
that's awful lots we fun oh my god fly
like this
you could have flying over that field
for the kids party oh that's so fun
alright last box the big one the last
and final package of the day a beautiful
gold beautiful gold painting from
Michael mu tete Michaela motet Casey
thank you for inspiring me to work
harder Michaela thank you for the
painting I love when people send me art
okay this has been an exciting episode
of mealtime I hope you enjoyed it
Candice thank you for all of your help I
could have never done this without you
I'm gonna go play with this while you
clean up
sure you can carry it how does your
studio visit good one you have plenty of
stuff to take home
what are we doing this weekend here for
shopping what else you gonna do on a
Saturday oh good
near me is ready good boy good boy buddy
