you can give me a hard time for this in
the comments if you want but I slept at
the airport and I'm still late to the
airport
it is 5:40 a.m. I'm at the dallas-fort
Worth Airport in Dallas Texas I have
like 40 minutes before I have to get on
the flight first flight out headed back
to New York City
we're in danger my baby's life
separatory today like Newark New Jersey
it's a three-hour 1 minute flight and
honestly I considered taking a 10 hour
flight last night that would be like
five hours to our layover in 3 more
hours but I realize them they've only
gotten me home an hour earlier the
school that's why I slept in the airport
hotel I have fruit and granola for
breakfast on this plane
but if I clean the first of all confuse
it works for the local German 11:41 a.m.
and a friendly reminder
thank you
so it's good to be back in New York I
guess it's whether some bullsh just that
thank you very much all right you see
where I'm going there yeah yeah I'm off
huh yeah thank you very much
I totally forgot today is prey
Halloween party at our house I'm not
invited it's mom's only couldn't find
the boosted board so I had to take a
taxi it's rainy out today I'm not
normally a big fan of taking taxis
ah back it's so good to be back in this
studio I miss the studio like you'd miss
a family member all right okay so I want
to do some work today on the Vietnam
movie everything set up right how I left
it when I left yesterday I'm going to
tackle it I'm gonna get some work done
let me get that movie closer to
completion
I haven't known these episodes right
just sort of talk about something in a
while so that's what's coming if you're
not into this maybe come back tomorrow
and I'll do more skateboarding or
something so yesterday I was at a
college huge College in Texas into this
gigantic Q&A with like 800 people and
there were a couple of questions that
kept coming up and this is from a bunch
of people that are all age you know 18
to 24 25 I think a lot of my audiences
around that age and I wanted to sort of
get into it a little bit I've talked
about these ideas before but they're
really ripe in my mind right now because
of yesterday you think it's okay that I
wear this shirt even though it has a
sharpie stain right so we spent an hour
asking questions and we did another like
15 minutes for the audience ask
questions and some of the questions were
like is my college education worth it
how do I become successful on YouTube
how do I make it as a filmmaker how do I
make it on TV in journalism how do I
there's a common thread and that's this
big question which is just like I'm here
I want to be here how do I get there
there's this desire to understand how to
get from A to B then that makes perfect
sense to me
there's nothing scarier than starting
your life out starting your career out
and having no idea how to get to where
you want to be and my answer loosely my
answer is always a version of the same
thing and that same story if you want to
succeed if you want to truly succeed in
a career especially a creative career
there is no absolute predefined
trajectory there's no recipe that will
equal success if there were everybody
would follow that recipe because this is
the greatest job in the world so what
that means is it's on you you have to
define that trajectory you have to
define that path and some obvious
questions like why am I going to college
if they can't teach me that or
why am i working for somebody else if
I'm not going to learn that and there's
a very real very sensible answer to that
which is that every experience you have
in life whether you're shoveling
washing dishes or waiting tables or
you're pumping gas or maybe working at
McDonald's because their Egg McMuffins
are delicious you have to take each one
of those experiences as a tool or a
building block and it's the aggregate of
all those experiences that you will be
able to build your career you'll be able
to find your path the kind of success
that you're looking for I learned so
much about how to make a living as a
filmmaker while I was washing dishes I
didn't know it at the time and I think
education especially a higher education
like college is a really big building
block is a really big tool you are doing
nothing but consuming information you're
filling up your toolbox with all these
tools you're going to use to build that
career so if I had to wrap up this
monologue with something that makes
sense like with one singular idea it's
that until you get to a place where you
want to be until you can understand the
direction that it is you need to go in
life to achieve what you want to do you
have to take every experience no matter
how terrible they are or how wonderful
their you have to take each one of those
as a tool that you will later leverage
to build that career in the comments
below please let me know you think about
this stayin here and if I should
continue shooting back here or if it's
too weird the Vietnam movie is from Wang
I made more progress on it today I'm
feeling really good about it
I don't have a specific timeline as to
what it will be done but I think sooner
rather than later but it definitely will
not be done by tomorrow
now I can talk to Francine about about
how her Halloween party went especially
cuz I didn't see her yesterday I was
traveling it's still pouring rain
outside but I really just can't take
about a taxicab so this will be another
electric skateboard ride in the pouring
rain
all right I did not realize it was
raining out this much I'm not worried
about my safety I'll be fine but last
time I was filming in skateboarding in
the pouring rain I was using a GoPro
this is my big camera my laptops in my
bag
all right expect a complete broken water
damage gear report hey there this is
your complete broken water damage gear
report happy to say that the boosted
board is a little bit soggy and the
bearings are a little bit slower but it
works great
additionally the camera survived the
water no problem even the microphone
worked so my backpack is not waterproof
that kept out the water so the broken
water damage gear report is uh
everything's cool later that night
Kenneth's and I went and checked out the
new mall under the World Trade Center
it's called the oculus either look at
the size of that screen it's like 500
feet long we are in the oculus we have a
babysitter at home what do you think of
this oculus place what are you most
excited about look there's more
