snakes and snakes and bees and honey I
guess they just let it ferment and
that's snake wine own do you want some
coke or do I'm going to just get you
some snake wine
all right don't don't be pissed don't be
upset with me I'm not making a vlog
today I'm probably not gonna I'm
probably not going to make a vlog
tomorrow either there's good reason why
okay well there's a couple reasons
number one as I explained last week I
have a lot going on right now that I
can't quite share with you but it's like
maddening and literally everyday is like
today it's quarter of 6:00 in the p.m.
and I've done nothing today but like
meeting some phone calls and emails and
another meeting and then like four hours
on the phone then emails and then at 6
o'clock in the days over like there's no
time I'll share the Y with you soon ok
but then there's another thing which is
a much bigger deal which is I haven't
taken on I mean I've done some like
really really major vlogs
but I haven't taken on like a bigger
video project a bigger YouTube project
really since I started vlogging and my
excuse for not taking on something
bigger is that like I got to do the vlog
today so I'm but there is something that
I've been wanting to do since April 26
2012 April 26 2012 that is for year I've
been meaning to make a youtube video for
four years and two months I want to make
it this week and what that means for me
is like no running around no doing
anything fun no like tech reviews Oh
parenthetically I got a new drone that
I'm dying to review but I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna review it until after I
like do what I'm doing this whole thing
to talk to you about but look how
awesome this thing looks airdog it's in
the box I'm not going to open it and I'm
not going to open it until I get through
this project that I've been
procrastinating on for four years this
whole contraption here I'm putting in
retirement for the next like two days
because all I'm gonna do all I'm gonna
do is sit here and edit this movie I've
been sitting on for four years you want
to know a little bit about the movie I
don't know if you can tell by the most
recent episodes but I've been getting a
little bit nostalgic lately like I'm not
somebody who really gets sad in life i
canta stall I'm not like boohoo
poor me I'm sad not I get like this
yearning for the past and since Owen
since my boy went to college I miss him
like crazy and as I was like looking
through all the old footage for like
yesterday's episode with all those fun
clips with Candice and me from back in
the day
I just kept stumbling on these videos of
owning me so this big movie that I want
to spend the next couple days editing is
the story of own and me traveling to
Vietnam where we rented this big stupid
dirt bike and he was on the back and I
was on the front we like we like racer
on the back country in the jungles of
Vietnam on this motorcycle and I don't
just have video clips of it like I do
with some of my other archival videos I
mean I shot a proper movie I brought my
big camera my 5d I brought the 5d so I
shot it it looks great I brought an
underwater camera even though I didn't
own a go pro at the time it's like a
real major video and if I don't take a
couple of days to really focus I'm never
gonna make it so that's it that's
today's announcement no vlogs the vlog
is cancelled a month it might be sick
I'm just kidding seems like a day or two
days I think like 48 hours of nothing
but focus and I can literally finish
that okay before I go just to get you
excited for what's to come here is a
machine-gun rapid fire of all the steel
pictures I took on that trip
you keep saying you've got something for
me it's not totally awesome though so I
hope you understand I hope you get why
it's necessary for me to take this time
to make this I hope you appreciate me
making like a more ambitious video than
just my regular vlogs
I'll be back to blogging as soon as I
get this thing uploaded I also hope you
like my new jacket see you in a couple
days you've been a message where you
shouldn't have been a message and that's
someone else's getting no your best
