6:41 in the morning we were supposed to
leave by 6:45 nobody's even up you see
every year we travel from New York City
to Cape Town South Africa
now those two cities are basically on
opposing sides of planet to earth
absolutely no easy way to get from New
York to Cape Town see all the best
airlines go through the Middle East and
that's what we're doing so better
airline but longer flight we've been on
this plane for 12 hours now the baby's
about to lose Irvine but there's a
strategy behind all of this ladies
interested welcome to don't ask the
students Adagio key to the world
Doha Qatar this is the Middle East this
is sort of the premise for this entire
experiment because the flight was longer
to go through the Middle East we knew
that we knew there's no way the baby
could make it on two flights so we
thought we'd purposefully have like a
really really long way over here
here in Doha has like a mini-vacation
look at this guy
how you doing how's your middle-eastern
layover vacation going fabu
okay H that concludes the hotel stay in
Doha the baby got the chill out so she's
much less stressed out now you could see
a little bit of Doha at the old city and
we are back at the airport I think it's
definitely worth it but the final
determination can't be made until we get
the other side of this upcoming flight
see we still have another 9 or 10 hours
of flying to go so
I was like show me the flames gon show
me the plans huh
are you still angry Candace
no way the plane left it was just 1:45
right now we're upset but ultimately I
think it's kind of a fun little family
adventure
we're in Johannesburg now so just two
hours here or whatever then we go to
welcome to Cape Town because it's not
half full
and this is where our story ends we're
now landing in town you get the bag of
fun with it I get the bag and flip it
and tumble it straight up a lot we run
the cash and the car came with a bitch
the mama she got ass and she don't fuck
up or pay but love to the spot give it
to fast
