there's a sign right here oh and there's
ago 5:15 in the morning I'm getting a
quick run in today so I got a full day I
know what you're thinking where's the
big movie you promised us it's coming
just let me explain but I didn't I
didn't get it I didn't get it done yet
so even right now I should be on the way
to the airport instead of going back to
the studio because I forgot something
this is a super super fast visit
I'm literally here because I want to
take all the footage from the Vietnam
movie with me on this trip right now to
edit and I forgot to get it last night
before I left its 747 my flights at 917
I should be fine I just I need to
maximize productivity on this flight
it says about nine more minutes those
are very expensive minutes it still says
nine minutes
boobers on its way
files done so loud outside this morning
you hear that
I hope you know serious I am when I
complain about the noise outside my
office it is unbelievable how loud it is
it's not even 8:00 in the morning right
now
are you gonna go to LaGuardia yeah
zombie right I think see yeah I saw you
I saw you and I choke it isn't like I
got the scape we're don't worry about it
cut right up how you doing good
what flight is a 917 you think we'll be
okay
all right I gotta grab my stuff out of
the trunk
thank you and I'm back at the airport
all right thank you very much sir take
care have a great day
I didn't post anything yesterday I
didn't upload yesterday and I don't want
you to think that I was like sitting
around praying all day I was working I
was working out in the big movie if
anything I'm just being over ambitious
like I genuinely thought I could get it
done in a day that is the set right
there like these are some of the props
I'm working with I honestly thought I
could do this in a day I guess I've been
blogging for too long but twelve
thirteen hours into it so far and I've
made like this much of a dent
so Vietnam movies coming it's just not
ready yet
and then I realized that today I was
traveling all day and probably means I'm
not going to be sitting in the studio to
edit I thought I didn't want to like
take another day of not logging because
I'm supposed to be making this movie so
I brought all the footage with me I am
going to be working on it but there's a
lot of shooting out to do in the studio
I'm focus gonna get it done to take me
some time I am back tomorrow so tomorrow
you have an all day ministerial protest
Headley
maybe even the next game today I might
turn airplane right now going to Texas
Dallas Texas House for the awful time is
12 thank you
so I mean is that the rental-car channel
I am here in Dallas I'm actually going
to Denton but I'm going to the
University of North Texas to do some
speaking and I'm gonna do a panel and
we're gonna do a workshop and all kinds
of fun stuff super crazy excited to be
here I'm only here for a day though
like three hours early so I guess I'm
going to get some coffee kill some time
whoo
you ever look up from your coffee and
realize you've been sitting inside of a
Starbucks for two hours okay next stop
University of North Texas here I come
UNT that's where I'm going
66a towards this drumline in the world
of this awesome then he go into practice
now yeah how many people are in your
drumline
there's like 23 of us just on the drums
and there's a front ensemble and front
do you wear shirts during the games no
well I mean yes yes we have a full
banyan from that's like basically
wearing like two pea coats I got to go
you guys gonna come see me talk later
yeah okay cool huh I think those are the
guys that are looking for me
are you am I in the right place yeah you
gonna park right there next to the
follow right there and that's why done
thank you we're going my second time
driving so we get next to you feel
confident I do not at all he is if you
crash I'm not gonna get my talk and then
it's on you it will be on me everyone's
gonna hate me oh well Kelly are you all
right now we're cooking with gas uh
battery that was intense
got Tyler here Tyler's like an organizer
for the talk now we're going to the
master class right yeah yeah short film
Club what does the master part of the
class mean I think that's you I think I
think you bring the master to the class
right that was the whole ride I was the
whole rod right there we yeah we
definitely get a walk just just finish
the class have a good make a very good
teacher guys how did it go I told them
they had to clap thank you that was
super fun thank you starting to mop up
that was a lot of fun oh no that was
awesome it's cranking to speak to a
small group like that I don't get that
opportunity very often it was all
undergrads that were filmmakers my guys
you can drop off the golfer yeah I lost
call me okay well this is humongous how
many people fit in here like 30 40
thousand oh huh great there's about 800
a little over 800 Wow
I'm just gonna go ahead and check Texas
meets my comfort good yes it does we
sold a space out you sold a space out
what do you have to say TPC nice I don't
know what I believe you're over here in
the corner my name is Ashley hey Casey I
hope you don't get mad for us doing this
but like you kind of left two cameras
the to my blog worthy right is it
recording
you're just a conviction I think you but
you start my own blog
okay we did the master class right
yeah the VIP thing with all the kids
that was like a meet-and-greet now we
just chilled in here for a minute and
now we're going to go to the Q&A in
front of everyone got what a great day
this is then how do you think if they go
in so far you've been going great
they're playing music some screaming I
think they're introducing know how he's
introduced with me
microphone by Casey Oh
kind of a terrible job can you drop me
back to my door
yeah jumpin OH you know there's this
thing the psych process it's like mine
for speaking engagement which is that I
get asked to do speaking engagement
months in advance and I say yeah I don't
think about it again and then like three
weeks before the actual engagement I'm
like why I said why am i traveling all
the way to Texas why am i traveling all
the way just and then I show up and I do
it and I'm like thank goodness I did
this is amazing I should do this more
often and today was one of those days
the opportunity to speak to that many
people have them care and it was like a
dialogue it was back and forth like that
class that we did was about thank you
University of North Texas for having me
my flight is tomorrow like the crack of
dawn but I know I'm not straightening my
hair I'm just wearing a hat whenever I
wear a hat it uh not straighten my hats
ridicu my flight is that like 5:00 in
the morning so I'm here staying in an
airport hotel so I can just wake up and
take off great day today I wonder if
he's gonna play his lovely night oh hi
you know this was like I just won't make
it really I honestly I thought it would
be like oh this is really close I
thought it would be like so should we
stop it yeah probably like a small
