sorry squirt
my yesterday's episode ended with us
trying to the airport Yahtzee games
we're at the wrong Airport as we can the
entire trip which is kind of a bummer
the baby's asleep
Candice is asleep weekend's in the city
are always like family time I sneak away
when I can to work out run come to the
office pretend to have important stuff
to do and mostly just shoot a video now
since today is not a regular day not be
making sort of a regular vlog entry
because Candis and I are supposed to be
out of town tonight I offered my
apartment our apartment to a friend of
mine now we're not going to be out of
town so we're gonna be at the apartment
with my friend who's staying there with
up I thought I'd share a story about my
friend he was the guy who did that
ridiculous gainer off that cliff in The
Devil's Punchbowl
here's how I met Clint I was there with
a friend of mine named Graham that
grandma I've been skiing all day or
something we're at a bar we'd been
drinking and we hatched this harebrained
scheme and schemed to like travel to
Africa and climb Mount Kilimanjaro it
was just one of those things that you
talk about it you've been drinking a lot
it seems like a great idea
Clint thirty-eight pounds 38 so we're
going to Tanzania to climb the tallest
freestanding mountain in the world
I've been Kilimanjaro so was my big
brother van Graham Clint and me
traveling to Africa to climb the tallest
freestanding mountain on planet earth
5:30 in the morning
as our first night in Africa and it just
poured torrential rain all night last
night
and I've done some things in my life
well a lot of things we'll most things
including yesterday we missed our flight
from the airport I've done a lot of
things with zero preparation that I
probably shouldn't have been doing but
this one this tops them all
so our first day here we decided to
start the climb immediately so we're
headed to the mountain now pretty
exciting stuff pretty cool town there's
a meat market across the street that has
the most pungent odor I've ever smelled
Lambo this is years and years you have
no idea how it works now but typically
when Westerners gringos travel to
Tanzania to climb this mountain there's
a lot of planning and preparation you
hire mountain guides like we did none of
that we just showed up and started
asking people in Tanzania how do we
climb Mount Kilimanjaro
eventually we met these dudes they
seemed nice we paid them in dead
presidents stacks of $100 bills ought to
do to get a one of the more jarring
aspects of this climb was we went with
the dudes who are going to like carry
our food up the mountain like the
porters and they showed us where they
were buying the meat now while so
terrifying about this like we're going
to spend ten days on a mountain
there's no refrigerators and this was
the meat that they were buying to feed
us we're picking up the meat then we're
gonna eat on our hike to the top of the
mountain here it is now
that's our cuts the guys did were I
think reputable but yeah it was their
idea to bring the booze if ever you are
fortunate you are lucky enough to ever
have the experience or the opportunity
to go I highly recommend it like of all
the things I've done in my life and I'm
very lucky to have done a lot this is
one of the most magical where do we
start here where are we now here so
we're halfway there in three hours yeah
this is us setting up camp on our first
night is if you're experiencing every
climate on planet Earth
inside of like a five day climb first
night went really well we're packing up
now it's 650 in the morning morning boys
get more sir this this is what our first
camp look like that is Mount Kilimanjaro
my thumb is blocking the Sun day two is
Graham's birthday day to you 56 we
didn't have a birthday cake but we did
have a candy bar I said now I am
extremely proud of the fact that when I
climbed aconcagua that is the second
tallest mountain of the seven summit the
tallest mountain in the southern
hemisphere
a mountain that was six thousand feet
taller than Kilimanjaro I did it with no
porters no guides I carried my own stuff
but when you go up Kilimanjaro you are
required to hire these dudes to carry
your stuff Porter's are carrying up all
their gear but just the sheer amount of
their hearing
but seriously these dudes are so cool
where are we exact where's our campsite
look I'm a big that's it we're standing
on earth but we are way above the clouds
now as we got higher in altitude as it
got colder
I got sicker and sicker I this is cancer
third day freezing out here it could've
been because I was so unhealthy back
then or I have no idea but I got so sick
climbing this mountain tomorrow morning
we go from there to there now I'm a
pretty tough guy and I could shrug off
all the altitude sickness and the cold
and whatever the hell else was wrong
with me but we had wake up at 4 a.m. the
day we're doing this summit push and
when I woke up that morning I just some
caution I don't look good in this next
shot it's uh his last day I climb into
the summit in the morning it's about 20
below freezing feeling strong
finally I made it it was that was
incredible like we're on top of the
world there was a glaze it was
extraordinary pretty amazing that's a
glacier and this whole story this
experience like we we turn this in one
of the episodes for HBO show there's an
amazing experience like the last big
adventure I went on my brother van
dad wish you were here it was this
adventure was that trip that climb that
Clin and I went from being like to do to
met in a bar in Colorado to being like
brothers forever we spent the rest of
that time in Africa we're there for a
couple more weeks just like bopping
around Tanzania
whoa
how about es muy
we're going to fly there was this time
we met this due to drop us off in a tiny
little Cessna airplane in the middle of
nowhere and we had to get a ride back on
a tractor which took six hours
this is what it's like to get buzzed by
an airplane
there were some great adventures at the
top I guess yeah can't see the fortress
I've said this before I've said this on
the vlog before but when I was a little
kid my mom said to me spend your money
on things not trips because things last
forever and experiences don't and mom I
could not disagree with you more when I
looked at at the adventures I've taken
in the past I realized that they shaped
me as a human being
it was adventures like that spending
time with friends like Clint that made
me who I am but I look back at this like
I don't know what things I had in my
life then they're gone now but that
adventure that experience will be with
me forever
it's the things in life that are
temporary the experiences are forever
you had it backwards make it this way
yeah
