all I need baby baby I am NOT being
dramatic by wearing my puffy coat and my
puppy pants today is freezing outside
we're gonna get coffee she's got a puffy
on - this is like from sort of
children's Halloween party Francine is
currently decorating a pumpkin but
everything seems to going well what's he
doing this is magicians on fire right
now
the Halloween kids party this morning
was was amazing really really wonderful
the baby had a great time but it's that
time again when Candace and Francine are
napping in case he goes for a run
I have on my my new shoes today my feet
particularly I'm going to go home now
twelve miles at a 7:45 pace new shoes
new shoes are the worst I mean they're
great shoes I just mean what they do to
your feet and breaking them in is the
worst oh yes honey 4:15 I don't know
where anybody is thank you hey where are
you no no I'm at the juice place getting
out of smoothie
spring between Mercer and green Spring
Street greens free Hey
yes
what's up kid hey are you going on Sonya
yeah get that looks great on you it's
cute get the leggings what pants I want
something
did she know that sauce you don't have
any pants on
yeah that's what about that
what's up man yeah that's good
so apparently Candice got a babysitter
and she and I are and he's spending the
rest of the day together what do you
think about these you know who's gonna
be jealous with that crazy Francine how
late is the babysitter here till never
so we're gonna go out and party I didn't
shoot a vlog today so - will you do a
Q&A with me when we get home husband and
wife
Q&A I don't know I think you think doing
in a bubble that sounds like a good idea
now but I don't know that that'll
actually happen all right
we've done this before usually means
that I neglected issue anything
meaningful for the vlog which is the
case today so Candice and Casey QA we do
while on vacation together except for
when you came to Colorado freaked out
the entire time and you were staying in
like bunk beds with your son and I
walked in there and it was like somebody
how's the dog doing she's doing really
well if you miss it we had a pet poodle
but we had to give the poodle to Candice
his best friend who lives a few blocks
away to adopt her because she's being
aggressive towards the baby but the
poodle is doing great she's very happy
in her new home why do you want to move
to LA Candace I'm shy really the weather
oh the weather outside is frightful but
the fire is
so the life my sister obviously what's
the secret to your successful marriage
who said our marriage is successful baby
got sauce your baby ain't sweet like
mine your baby ain't sweet like mine
it's not unsuccessful it's not fair your
baby a sweet like mine she ain't just
sweet Candace what's the one thing Casey
does that you wish would he would stop
how long is this episode what was it
like meeting Candace's parents for the
first time they hated me
Candace's dad's a doctor they're very
formal South African like adults and
when they met me they were like do a
South African accent when they were like
who is this artist it was that Francine
the babies Society oh this is a good
question somebody asked they said I
notice you don't show Francine's face on
camera why is that you know now that
she's older I just like sort of wanted
have a normal life
you can't I get credit for that
it was Candace's idea she's right how do
you manage to keep your energy levels so
high throughout the day Richard I don't
know if you're asking me or Candace or
Candace and me
I have non-stop energy all day I run and
Candace is like a cat
she sleeps 12 hours wakes up goes back
to bed like an hour later I like to sit
in the side ice is sitting beside but
how do I keep my energy up I don't do
drugs I don't really drink I like to
party I like to go out I just like to
work and run do you in Candice ever
think about living in South Africa
Candice was born in South Africa she has
a lot of family there you would live
there right yeah we sort of think about
it
there's like no way we could live there
now because of our careers and like life
but I would love to spend more time
there
what do you guys like to do together
when home will they hang out in this
house when the baby is up we planted the
baby like now the baby's asleep
Candace watches TV and then I work have
you two ever considered going into
business together stop turning the tab
you and Candace ever thought about
starting a business together well sort
of we talked about an idea of doing like
a merch operation Candace runs it and
literally it was like three sentences
into discussing the idea we were
fighting about it already so probably
not I bet you're skipping really good
ones do you see any Oh will you ever
visit the Netherlands again that was
someplace we said we would live what in
Amsterdam today is February 17th 2013
a little bit cold out
if you had to switch jobs for a week
which one of you would be better at the
other job I would be better doing Kansas
job than she is at doing her job
what's your favorite thing about the
other how she inspired you and think I
was translated from a foreign language
oh that's kind of interesting what how
long did it take for you and Candace to
move in together um didn't we try to
live together like three times and
failed total failure and then I thought
I would kind of resigned that we're
never gonna actually be like a real
couple was just gonna do this like limbo
relationship we always had I mean you're
like one day we were walking past the
party like and I think kind of move in
together and I like about died I didn't
know hurt and then a month later you ask
me where are you agent Jay wants to know
who rolls a better blunt I don't think
either of us Ricky would know how to
roll oh boy what do you begin how often
does Candace get recognized I sleep on
the left he sleeps on the right which
side of the bed do you sleep on I sleep
on the Left he's Lisa she sleeps there
and I sleep there okay this is a good
one Nikki we're gonna end on your
question where do you guys see
yourselves in ten years know me to go
first
either married or divorced does way too
broad I think that like the reason why
it could work if we were to move out of
New York City is if we have like a
totally different lifestyle so I don't
know where we'll be in ten years but I
think it's going to be very different
from where we are right now
I hope you enjoyed the Q&A 1 2 3 yeah
she taught Francine to do that today
so I just leave the camera on you for
the rest of the night canvas and it
could be like a 20-hour session of
Candice sleeping
