I would love to go out with you tonight
like maybe get dinner some barbecue or
something healthier get fo-fo tied it is
a beautiful summer day here in late
October
today's a short run and then later this
morning there later this morning I
agreed to go work out with a friend of
mine I don't know what that means but
he's like a pretty serious guy eight
miles at a 737 pace not bad not bad for
a maintenance
the owner of Jewish press guy named
Marcus awesome guy he's a little bit of
an animal like he used to be you're
still as a professional kickboxer Plager
he's been inviting me to go work out
with him for a while today's the day I'm
taking him up on that offer I hate to go
Leonardo on you but like I have to at
least mention the global warming crisis
is late October here in New York City
and it's about 85 degrees out today it's
lovely it's also terrifying
yeah
this is a juice rescue hi yeah yeah hi
amazing you have that in Kenya zoom in
I'm doing the real thing here your your
christening our healing space this would
be the first thing you can you can come
get a smoothie and work out it's a very
special space we want to use the space
for only those who really need it or
those people like yourself that can
actually I'm gonna say really really
need it what are you saying about me
Marcus I mean I know I put out like a
little bit of weight oh no not like that
not like that I don't mean it like that
I mean so the idea is there's no
commercial enterprise here so the two
types of people that I want to use the
space for people that are sick or
someone like yourself you're a universal
conduit for connecting people in the
world that you understand how how
explaining it I think I do understand so
and you can count on me I probably
probably didn t v-- eight mile run this
morning this is just seems a quick
yeah
all right we just finished it finished
with the race around the block which I
think neither of us needed like we were
good before that race you should have
beat me by a lot more I'm like twenty
thousand years old than you I mean I
almost laughed you Marcus you did but
you should have like nine lap me I'm
like a hundred there was some mention of
a free smoothie involved you gotta lie
on the floor do this at the end okay
thank you for the ass-kicking thank you
very much you did excellent appreciate
it I'll see you soon I hope bye guys
Gabbar
I appreciate it good thanks to the
smoothie thanks to the workout plan of
Argos
that was that was awesome this morning I
need more of that in my life
that woman Emily that trained us she was
or is a professional Thai boxer and I
used to train at the gym that she
teaches at so back when I was fighting
used to fight a lot with her she's
amazing to go from something it's like
really physical and macho and that's not
that macho to something super nerdy I
don't know that you care about this but
this is like a huge part of like the
really interesting aspect got so heavy
of what I do which is like how to deal
with everything that I shoot all day
every day this super SuperDuper fancy
set up over my shoulder here mostly all
this does is play The Godfather war on
The Godfather to on a perpetual loop but
I also use this to like catalogue all of
the stuff that I shoot to make these
videos now when you shoot a video every
single day you accumulate so much
footage and when I shoot in HD like this
in 1080 it's like 20 to 60 gigabytes a
day when I shoot in 4k which I seldom do
that's like 300 gigabytes a day this
white drive here is 24 terabytes
completely full this drive here 20
terabytes completely full this drive
here 20 terabytes completely full what
am i excited about today this thing here
this is a 64 - oh nice there's a
thousand gigabytes in a terabyte so this
is this is 64 thousand gigabytes now one
thing that I am particularly proud of is
how meticulous the organization of all
of my footage is the reason why in these
vlogs I can like always cut back to old
scenes no matter how many years ago
might be is because everything is
organized to a tee on these drives
people always ask me how I do that it's
not that complicated it's also not that
interesting I just have a system if you
make videos you know what to do all the
footage you need a system
before I draw my system out I just want
to share with you a friend of mine great
guy
cute vlogger daily vlogger and he
deletes all of his footage the minute he
clicks upload okay alright so here's my
system it sort of looks like this ready
I got my drive so the drive is right
here and then in the drive I've got my
footage folder after the footage
everything's organized by year you pick
your year say you want to dive into 2015
you got your mom's here then you take
your month so you want to jump into
March and then you've got your days days
are right here ah here's where it gets
sort of interesting click on March 3rd
and March 3rd each camera that you
captured on for that specific day then
when you click on that camera all the
files are just dumped in there in
chronological order and that's sort of
it it's super super basic I even was
like very insecure about making this
video because even though I get asked
about it on a weekly basis that seems so
boring and obvious to me that I don't
know why you would think this is
interesting if you didn't think this was
interesting I'm sorry
hi Marla what's good anything I need to
know ah no really all right well you
what you need to know nothing I don't
know anything oh yeah yeah I think I'm
good to see you nice to meet you take it
take care of
headed uptown right now I'm meeting
Candace on 20th Street tomorrow is
Candace's birthday shastri will help her
find a couch or something like that it's
her birthday so I have to you know go
hang out not that I don't like hanging
out my wife don't support growing up
forward honey I don't like to furniture
shop but I came to hang out with you
because I wanted to see you where would
that go you like everything that's it
we're leaving now right - right we
failed we failed miserably no couch no
what else do we need
do you want to get a babysitter tonight
and go out for your birthday
we're headed home now we're in uber
because my skateboard is dead and I
can't really ride - I'm like 75%
convinced Candace ever to go out tonight
for her birthday tomorrow
only if you have a present for me
tonight what present tomorrow's your
birthday the Easter buzzing he doesn't
see what's in a closet come till
tomorrow we are brought a birthday day
so far we've looked at the sunset and
that's kind of it where are we going to
go
we found a restaurant you just sat down
and this wants to get the one of those
big things it has like all this
shellfish and wasters on it you're sure
you don't want me to run back to where
we were before
small problem minor crisis in is lost
we're hearing her earring
no you're a Bryson I'm gonna go back
okay I'll go look okay here's the thing
if I find this I'm a hero but there's no
chance I'm gonna find this it's the size
of like a teardrop and we were walking
all around the city
have not found it yet but I was
searching on the ground near this dude
and he kind of freaked out on me which
is understandable I was searching under
his feet with the flashlight what do you
want now honey a cake it's your birthday
great date last night Jan what I just
found
you
