normally I run on the west side running
inside this point just mixing things up
normally if New Jersey behind me that
there that's Brooklyn well I said that's
Queen but that's Brooklyn okay that was
uh eleven miles at a 7:51 pace Candice
is in the shower behind me today is
Candace's birthday I have like a really
special afternoon plan for her that's a
total surprise
but this morning is just like her and me
getting coffee I had forgot balloon in
the little cake for her this morning so
she thinks that's her whole birthday
present the real presence this afternoon
we're at Starbucks now she had an almond
latte
I let her pay for it even though it's
Herbert how's your birthday going so far
great
really happy birthday
have a good birthday see you tonight I
have fun at work
by
little does Candice know what surprises
are ahead now I'm just gonna race to the
studio cuz I gotta dump this backpack
get my booster board charger and then
I'm gonna go hide by our office I just
want to see a reaction when she sees the
posted or dead moose is more full all
right I think I see it I mean there's no
way this is not it
this is ridiculous
this is the man to talk to I know hey
good you're driving the ladies today
there's only three girls okay so this is
should be enough space football yeah I'm
going to tell you about them they're
really nice girls you're gonna have fun
with them okay cool
can you talk to you about like taking
your shirt off and doing the whole all
the dancing and stuff
I'm the peak inside alright
so that's the door you load them in on
right this is absolutely absurd all
right all right let's good luck
all right nice to meet you ridiculous
all right I'm such so sir that's so fun
I'm gonna go hide and try to film
Candace and I just like want to get a
shot of them getting into that limousine
I'm gonna try to be somewhere where they
won't see me look all right this is the
spot that's there's the pink limo there
that's her office I'm going to hide
behind this FDNY truck here try to film
from here I'm using the cameras pop-out
screen there to film this way I'm not
visible only the cameras
no sign of them yet
what
they're getting in the limo they don't
see me
you can't hear he's saying there's a lot
of screaming all right think they're
gonna leave soon
I got a hide better so they don't see me
it's more special for her for might not
hear
have fun on your birthday surprise
Candace so now they're just like going
to a spa and they get like a massage and
their nails done and I got pizza in
there for them and champagne and that's
kind of it that's the whole surprise but
she seemed so excited
there is nothing nothing like a
well-executed surprise one time for my
brother vans birthday we had the
surprise party at a barbecue restaurant
that was incredible
and then for Candace it's tricky because
she doesn't really like surprises so it
has to be like basically you have to
give her exactly what she wants
before she asks for it which is by
definition a surprise but uh there's
some nuance there
storytime I haven't done story time in a
while and since this morning was all
about Candice and today is her birthday
I thought I'd share Canada's story are
you the most common question about
Candice is why isn't she smiling the
thing that I find most attractive about
her is she truly doesn't give two shits
what anybody thinks
and to all of the ladies out to all the
people out there you smile when you want
to smile don't you ever smile because
somebody else tells you to all right so
this story is going all the way back to
2008 that is eight years ago was it
scary this is when we were sort of
dating on and off this is when I was a
much crazier much more reckless Casey
and Candice was just 100% maniacs why
would give us anyway
now this is the first time that I was
like reconnecting with my old friends
from Connecticut who I knew before I
became a filmmaker and I wanted to make
a positive impression on them so I
invited Candace to this wedding she left
an impression
I don't know how it's going with those
girls but I'm following their Instagram
stories
this is Candace's Instagram
ah
well at least I know the girls that work
with her have a good time you punks
hanging out with my friends from
Connecticut it's just like it was a
great time it was like almost like a
reunion of sorts
Candice kept getting in trouble we had
thrown out of one party because she find
on the stage
now with this fancy hotel room that
Candice got us we also had access to
their car
my snowboards riding shotgun what's the
verdict
sweet and naturally we took that to a
6000 machine guns but walk around guns
in their hands you can hear it it's so
loud
everything's being shot down let's just
bang no guys built in the 90 days you go
kids that was it with that gun
what spice here you want to stop yes
tickets down boy you doing great
you know when I watch old footage like
that it really the Candace that I know
now and the girl that you see the woman
that you see in these vlogs like she's
my wife she's a mom she's a business
owner she has employees she's starting a
new company but back then she was just
this maniac
it was a great trip we're gonna cap
during the airport we're leaving Vegas
now anyway honey I'm glad to know yet
and I hope you had a great birthday
