leave you see light dredger right now
yes yeah good not amazing well we're
just about back neat how are you feeling
alright
fourteen point six miles at a seven
forty two pace that's a pretty serious
run last week I ran 70 miles 70 miles in
seven days that's 112 kilometers it's a
big week for me kind of makes me think
that I should have run the marathon this
year this is the first year in like five
years where I'm not running the marathon
you know I've run like 22 or 23
marathons
if there's one thing I know is that if
you're hurt you're not feeling it you
don't do it but I know I'm marathon day
I'm just going to like be the most
jealous guy in all of New York City
okay there are like that many things did
I get super excited about that's not
true I get excited about everything
but I'm particularly excited about this
okay so every day I mean every every day
on my way into work I get my juices
literally every day it's because if I
don't have these things I'll just eat
garbage all day
these don't last long if they're not
refrigerated so I keep this down here
but this I don't feel like ice will get
I got a refrigerator
not just any refrigerator though this is
a refrigerator that's used so mothers
that are nursing their babies can keep
their breast milk cold without having to
like keep it in the main room
I'm not kidding that's how I found it on
Amazon look how cute it is ah that's
pretty good should go here
fresh juice okay
before I get into today's episode into
today's episode I just want to address
the noise situation I mean do you hear
it how do you not hear that this is uh
this is what goes on outside my office
all day every day for the last 16 years
somebody was in here somebody's smart
and they're like I don't even notice the
background noise I do it does bother me
because I tried to provide you with
content that is considered and this is
so inconsiderate
I did mention last week how I aspire to
be a technology reviewer and I'm not
very good at it I don't really know what
I'm doing okay this is going to continue
in that thread a while ago I got this
package that said do not open for
October 18th today is I know what this
is to drone as always this is not a paid
endorsement and if this is a terrible
product I'll let you know okay so what
this thing is is this is supposed to be
like an indoor handheld foldable drone
that you just like throw up in the air
and it takes a picture and it fits in
your pocket and like I don't know they
like emailed me a hundred times about it
but you know I totally understand why
companies send me stuff like this
and I totally appreciate it they want
they want me to talk about it here on
the vlog and it gives me stuff to talk
about it's like a total win-win but I
also think that there's like there's
definitely a risk on the company's part
because I mean if I like it I'm gonna
I'm gonna tell you guys that I actually
like it but if let's get into it
hovercamp a sport the hover camera
passport isn't an aerial drone it isn't
a selfie stick
very fancy packaging
oh very impressive Tetris layout here
with all the stuff actually before I fly
this thing just in case I totally
destroy it like I did with the last
little drone let me do a little
walkthrough for you so you can see what
it looks like this is the camera right
here
Boop it looks sort of like a cell phone
camera that's the camera on my cell
phone and then that's the camera on the
passport how do I show you how big this
thing is this is my hand and that's how
big that is like this is a phantom 4
this is the passport it's tiny unfold
hover cam and hold it level press the
power button to start the well okay Wow
okay kind of amazing
push the button
all right before I take it outside our
look at this footage so far my review
the most fun drone I've ever played with
all right I don't know the practical
applications of this thing yet because I
don't know if you can even fly it
outside but indoors is amazing it was
like crashing into the lights and
everything that never fell and then when
I just I grabbed it because there's no
propellers ok checking out the video
quality now I would describe it as like
it looks like a good cell phone video
camera that's what it looks like
like it's pretty crispy it's pretty
smooth oh another detail I did only
shoot in 1080 because the 4k is not
stabilized
I'd rather have a 1080 picture that
stabilized in a 4k one that's shaky so
far so good though I'm gonna take it
outside
these are not my children but I am
giving a ride on my boosted board kids
love this thing is that fun
after having had a chance to dive into
the footage from the from the passport
it's not terrible but it's not the video
is not great the photos stellar video
not great they did stress me quite a few
times this is not like a DJI or a GoPro
drone this is meant to be something for
people who are casual and want a selfie
and for that it's amazing I even think
this could be good for like younger
people or up-and-coming youtubers that
just want something that's easy and to
give them some shot variety could be
great it won't be replacing my phantom
for any time soon but I will find a use
for it this is the most fun drone I've
ever flown
you wanna see his diary ready or gaseous
No thank you not so bad
all right this is safety testing go cuff
all my hair and whatever yeah that is if
you suck his hand
I'm terrified there's no reason to sit
for that hair
