I don't feel like I'm tired and it's
crazy you know
Hey
come
la la la
big the coffee in the lobby is free
organ area free coffee but we're dressed
like total degenerate that's okay
well it is beautiful beautiful good
morning time here in Watch Hill Rhode
Island amazing right so where we
currently are is like I don't like 1/2
it's not that far from where I grew up
we are staying here the whole weekend we
didn't have a car and like my mom's
going to come here and have breakfast
with us tomorrow my dad's coming today
my best friend from like high school Joe
he's been in the vlog before he's on his
way here now we're gonna go for a run so
this is like we're here because it's
incredible but we're here because it's a
really like great way to see all of our
family that we don't see that often
right now Candice and Roy and they're
there and Emily are walking in there
right there
hi my friend Jose here he's one of my
favorite people in the whole world did
security give you a hard time Joe no
last a few questions but they're in a
tight operation
I run it again lovely out here just
doing well move you know uh yeah okay a
quick beauty break I know you're sick of
seeing New York City in the runs just
look man something else on Joe alright
enough to the delays let's keep moving
let's boogie coming in strong here
quicker than I wanted to go you're great
yeah right here you're good solid run
with Joe when you go to town now have
lunch see some family
it's our crew they're headed to town
rolling through deep
walked all over town we did find one
restaurant but it was closed so you're
just walking back to the hotel now what
no no we're looking yet hey I see you
walk go go to mommy
go go go Francine you get to pick one
toy for two or three or four or five
this dog right beats right being name
always being passive aggressive right
now
we found these down here last night
gummy bears malted milk balls
when I plan this trip candace warned me
that I was scheduling too many like
hangout sessions and she's kind of right
not in a negative way but like we have
like my mom and then my dad and then
this person this the entire time we're
here which is just not stuff I'm going
to film for this so I'm sorry I'm
leaving you out of that here we go
you know something does she bring
anything else we could take Towson else
there
Hotel she went a pool
we didn't realize the weather would be
this good but we were hoping period
whether we also thought there would be
really big waves usually there's great
surfing here so we brought to wetsuits
there are no waves but we brought the
wetsuits so we're going to go first
women swimming with wetsuits is kind of
stupid but yeah we have a cart we're
have anything to do you get them what
you take them from the pool so check it
out man are we gonna wear the wetsuits
we have to yeah I'm where there is
literally no waves but we can go over
there and see always let's go and body
surf there
so this town is actually in Rhode Island
not in Connecticut it's just across the
border from from Connecticut and when I
was a kid we used to sort of come here
like this was our favorite place like
there were better ways than where we
were from there's an awesome
merry-go-round it's just an amazing
Beach there's this house on top of the
hill right there that this rock star
bought she brought a lot of attention to
the town and that definitely took this
somewhat anonymous town and made it more
like a I think well-known
wetsuit
what are you doing up there man
wetsuit on I don't even think we're
gonna need these wetsuits you ready to
get in yeah all right
don't know hold this water's going to be
but get it right don't paper till I get
me a detention I'm on the jarana but
your mother's really neglected check my
balance in my studio Berkeley no room
like goddamn my woman always got obesity
she caked up and baked up she needs a
piece of me she freed on PCP dog I'm
just a piece of me talk about my clothes
I'm one who's away my turtleneck fresh I
Carl Sagan by myself for me the flowing
norm rusted big nasty in the mirror
gotta bless me the way you're balling
man I might just win an empty I'm the
next in each other the next two let's
kill it it's chilly out here
Oh God you think it's surfable you're
right dad gotten how to perform hey
girlfriend it's not summertime it's not
warm I'm glad we came out we feel vac
nobs my dad's at the house Candace is
there alone Roy you ready one more one
more wave what if you can stand up on
that one way panicking we'll be right
oh god ruin it man
yeah no wait no it is completely flat
great great dude shoot we are not by a
little bit by a long bit the least like
Collard buttoned up appropriately
dressed well behaving people at this
establishment mostly it's just right it
work yeah what was last time you left
this couch all right having a relaxing
weekend I was until literally four
seconds ago
see how they see out happy hey buddy
breakdown with my dad baby was well
behaved now we're having how many bears
does this hotel us all the gummi bears
you could possibly eat ok one more on
that
don't tell mommy don't tell mommy then
that's kind of it and you leave tomorrow
but there was an awesome day swimming
someone was the highlight of the day
Cuba where are we I know this Rubik I
want to go
