duh when I was a kid I wanted to be a
filmmaker to me there was no higher
artistic achievement than that I watched
movies all the time I watched all the
movies I bought this book and the Oscars
the Oscars were my Superboy would I wear
what I say
what'd I do Roberto Benigni Pulis Ali
feel the played straight like Hanks
thank you but more than anything I just
wanted to make great they were warned to
be cameras not one of the big crew under
I wanted to work with the best actors I
wanted to read the best strip crane
location I want you to all of the one to
be the version of the filmmaker that I
thought was the only version of the
filmmaker ones with the fucking bow ties
that's what I thought it meant to tell
stories see if you want to be a writer
all you need is a stack of paper and a
pencil you want to be a painter you need
a brush and canvas you can be the next
Picasso but when I was a teenager my
filmmaking fantasies were at their peak
you wanted to be a filmmaker need a
resources Italy if that's the right in
order to make movies needed all those
things all those things I didn't have
filmmaking was this exclusive club it
was for the chosen few maybe maybe I
have to find something else to do with
my life
but this this was my dream
but there's one thing I know about
dreams that to achieve them you have to
stop at nothing
so I spent 10 years chasing it down I
said yes to every opportunity that
involve picking up a camera bar mitzva
videos wedding videos birthday be blind
is not glamorous and this is the trailer
I used to live in right there but I
would not I could not give up I went to
camp with I got into something with my
own TV show on HBO I got my name on
movie posters I got the badges I got all
the T's and cross all the eyes of what
it meant to be a traditional film if all
these people are here to see Theory
achieve my dream it didn't feel like I
realized the dream it felt like I'd fit
myself into somebody else's version of
the dream and then I was on an airplane
and I realized this isn't it this isn't
why I wanted to be
it wasn't the red carpet it wasn't the
Film Festival's it wasn't the Awards it
wasn't the award shows that shit the
more time I spent chasing down the
facade of success the less creating I
was actually doing how can I go back
in fact it was after winning the biggest
award of my career that I just said
bucket I just want to make internet
videos I'm going to make a movie every
day a proper and daily blog I'm just
assignment now we live in the future and
chances are there's a camera in your
pocket that's giving up the big screen
but you don't need the big screen 200
people might show up in a movie theater
so put it online million find an art in
a smaller slightly less small audience
find your audience tell your story start
a conversation get that idea out of your
head and into video knit make it yet
make something terribly it's slightly
better make it a lot better make it
great finally films used to be entirely
out of reach finally you're making is
now arms filmmaking is a sport this is
the new party and now everyone's invited
what's that good
