okay I thought I was going down over
that pothole genuinely thought I was
going down a question I get
semi-regularly is who are my favorite
youtubers I like I mean I have a million
youtubers that I love but my favorite
YouTube zon rrah are like tech youtubers
like mkbhd and unbox therapy I love
those guys and sometimes like today I
aspire to be like them today is going to
be a comprehensive review of the new
GoPro Hero fuck of the new GoPro Hero 5
and the new GoPro Hero 5 Hero 5 session
just as a disclaimer this is not
sponsored by our endorsed by GoPro if
they suck I'll tell you this ah ah I
want to compare them from between this
and then the four black because this is
like the best one they make now and this
is the best one they make last
generation and then compare the hero 5
session to the other session before I do
that there's this youtubers name
supersoft TV the reason why I'm talking
about him right now is because he has a
style of reviewing the cameras on cell
phones then I'm gonna copy and I want to
show it to you
all right look how gee look at this
genius so what he does is he builds like
a rig that holds one phone and the other
phone in the same position so you can
perfectly compare one camera to the
other camera saff I will link your
channel below
these do have those sticky pads on the
bottom but they just don't stick super
well to plywood so that's why I put the
screw in to make sure
military-grade selfie stick right here I
don't actually think the military uses
selfie sticks doesn't the thing doesn't
fit in the cameras are still charging
but this feels like it could actually
work all right it's almost Magic Hour
out there now I just need the perfect
action sport to test these things with
and I got a caliph and I got a special
delivered from California that I think
he's going to be just the right thing
this is like a Tesla but instead of a
Tesla it's a scooter that is easy
quick change of plans I could not figure
out how to get the extreme scooter to
work I couldn't figure out how to make
it go so I'm just going to take Old
Faithful here same jazz same test just
uh on a boosted board instead of a
lime-green scooter that will have to be
tested another day I've got four GoPros
strapped to one selfie stick on my
backpack
I'm gonna go test them
just realizing this is not going to be
like a super comprehensive review
because I'm only looking at picture
quality because when I was setting these
things up like how do I possibly get
this because I was setting these things
up the hero five was like light-years
easier to set up because of the
touchscreen and new interface over these
other ones which have like either no
interface or these tiny little LED
screens so picture quality aside the
hero 5 is currently my favorite all
right let's get these work in here these
two here are going to be shooting in 4k
these two here can be shooting in 1080
because the older session can only shoot
in 1080i I wanted like a I wanted to
feel okay all for her Owen he is the all
for blinky lights all for rolling here
goes the test
you
supported yes this is like no wind no
skateboard screeching just the GoPros
and a guy talking to himself in the
middle of New York City how's that
dynamic range right there
Suns behind my head it's bright ah hold
it steady
but this is
is a locked-off shot no camera movement
on backlit right now so I should like be
in silhouette the background should be
lit this is kind of the close-up me
talking to camera with it locked off let
me show you what it looks like when the
light is on me and not behind me
alright Suns going out quickly but this
is what it looks like when the Sun is
sort of on me and not behind me I should
look well lit right now so shit the
background it should be also noisier
because the highways behind alright
that's it for the test books now we go
home and test each one of these cameras
and see oh hey it's tomorrow so I just
spent like an hour looking at that
footage I have to say it's really tough
like there were times where I thought
the GoPro for black actually looked
better than the 5 the dynamic range the
blacks look blacker here but the color
reproduction looked better here
sometimes the session 4 look sharper but
the new session the session 5 has that
image stabilization which is really
valuable I can tell you this GoPros
yield an incredible image they come a
long way ah but the million or the $399
question is if you have this should you
upgrade to this unless unless you're
like a super crazy power user I don't
think so I wouldn't do it for the image
quality I would do it for this
touchscreen the new operating system
interface is incredible but the image is
pretty comparable as far as the session
the image stabilization is major the 4k
is major so for $199 if you're a power
user definitely do it
alright back to yesterday
on the way home now I'm like broken
Busan I still don't have a new map but
don't you miss the drone fancy which one
of these GoPros do you like the best
do you want to hold this you can hold it
which one's your favorite daddy likes
this one the best or maybe this one do
you like this huh you don't like any of
them okay look appreciate your arms
