special running guests this morning I
can see him he's right over here
 knee ladies and gentlemen mr.
you need Schulman here what are you
doing there
you look fit need alright we're all the
way uptown now George Washington Bridge
this right here
Nev what is this like 96th Street oh
yeah yeah oh yes yeah I think so okay
that's it tiger
I'm going back down south he's gonna
come with me all the way maybe maybe
how does this run for you Nev feels
great here it up for the marathon
running he's running
turn around yeah I got to go home and
make sure I'm registered to vote out of
what out avoid it good to see you man
also not sure if I'm supposed to say
this but Nev has a baby that's due on
Saturday good luck need
can you hear that it's like a spot
high-pitched squeal kind of sound I
think one of the belts is stripped out I
did one of the belts is stripped out one
of the motors on this blue slipper
listen to this listen
exciting announcement three days ago two
days ago I got to go for a ride on a
private jet because a guy because the
pilot of the plane had like an empty the
flight is like if you want to come with
us you then I talked to this guy it
names Kenny
awesome dude he owns an airplane company
they own a bunch of small black private
planes and he was like if you want a
plane to go somewhere let me know are
you kidding me so the big announcement
is that we're taking a plane oh you're
not that far we're not going that far
you know you see oh to Connecticut like
every weekend to be with family and all
that we don't go anymore we're gonna go
back to Connecticut to visit my parents
but we're gonna like stay and we're
gonna do like a nice weekend like a
vacation weekend for like a day but
whatever but we're going to take a plane
there which is gonna be amazing
ah I mean this technically is not a paid
advertisement but I mean he's letting me
fly in his plane Kenny's companies
called wheels up if you want to check it
out I'm very very excited about this
we're leaving Friday we're bringing the
baby we're trying to see if we can bring
a friend because there's room in a plane
it's like a flying SUV I'm also just so
looking forward to getting away because
like I did that political video this
week which I stand by I'm glad I did it
but whole leaf people just went nuts in
the comments my god I'm voting for 1k if
you're not voting for the same person as
me I disagree with you but I'm not gonna
judge you as a Prasad no ill-will toward
you that's like I'm a human being
whatever but like wow I expressed my
opinion and I'm passionate about it and
like the things people say I'm getting a
lot of questions lately about the annex
this is the annex yeah this is like an
extension of my studio it's a second
studio it's just down the hall from my
studio and the idea with this space is
like I wanted to be able to do more and
produce more and expand the different
kinds of content and stuff so I got this
space I haven't updated you in a while
but it's here it's like fully
functioning now ollie right here what's
up Bali Ali's working on production
already doing back here has been on
logistic
pretty slowly shifting into production
now and like we're just doing kind of
weird experimental stuff in here all
right but some cool stuff is like there
are no windows here it's just a grocery
shop way so Dylan put these plants
they're fake but these plants there and
then put lights behind them so it almost
gives the illusion that there's both
nature and light outside there's no
nature or light outside and no the floor
has not collapsed yet I know that there
was a lot of concerns and I had a number
of architects and construction workers
emailing me telling me this is not
structurally sound it's good we're
strong up here
the short of it though is that the annex
is serving its purpose and serving it
well for those that are new here
mailtime is a segment I used to do like
every week where people viewers would
send me like cool stuff that they'd make
or whatever I'd open it and show it here
on the blog but then I go weird cuz
companies started sending me stuff just
because they wanted me to open it and
promote it which felt like transactional
and I didn't like that but I did like
the free stuff so I felt guilty and then
I actually did work with brands would
pay me to lecture it just got I haven't
done in awhile just about the branded
content stuff I always try to be honest
when I'm doing that and upfront but you
know that yesterday I opened up this
scooter here which I couldn't figure out
how to get it to work but I called the
people who send it to me they told me
how to make so I want to check out the
electric scooter today but something
else showed up this morning that's
completely outrageous unmark box here
sauna and in this thing first there's a
box that says hope this cheers you up
about your lost drones yeah I lost a
couple drones this week please don't put
this letter in your vlog okay person
will remain nameless who sent this to me
I won't include your name but there's no
way you can send me something this good
and not expect me to talk about it dear
Casey I'm 18 years old this is my
attempt at creating a three-wheeled
electric skateboard in this box is a
homemade electric skateboard by an 18
year old kid here's where it gets funny
be careful I unknowingly bought a week
controller that has problems shutting
the circuit off while in motion that
means it will spontaneous
go really fast also I didn't buy a
charging port for this prototype so if
you'd like to charge it there's a
positive cable in the front of the
skateboard behind the disconnect unscrew
the wire cut my god
alright readies here - looks like oh my
god always a thousand pounds look at
this thing if you can't tell by this
office or this vlog or any I really
appreciate when people make things with
their hands I was obsessed with making
things when I was a kid I am still
obsessed with making things look at this
ridiculous office that I worked in but
this is like this is next-level man just
empty plastic bag where's the controller
man ok no big deal the operation is just
slightly different on this thing that it
is on the booster board there's just a
learning curve there I didn't mean to
get that
we're getting used to
Oh God
okay he mentioned in the letter this was
a prototype just working out the kinks
so he does mention that it's a week
controller as in the signal sent from
the control tape words right here off on
off on doesn't respond if unless it's
super super close and then it's just uh
no no okay okay got it
oh yeah great man
that on keeps it going
Express on okay let me hear the ball you
just press off and then just
jump off and try not to get hit by peer
review and just keep in mind this is an
18 year old kid and this is a prototype
my review great job yeah that's as a
first try definitely the best wait wait
you pump and then hit the gas yeah so
doesn't go unless it's rolling did you
are a pro on that thing I'm just waiting
for something to go wrong good thumbs up
on the scooter Karski this thing is
smooth as butter you gotta be moving
the review on this for me is huge thumbs
up man
excellent work way to make an electric
skateboard Sam what are your final
thoughts on the this a lot of fun a lot
of fun it is dark out almost dark out on
my way home
winter is here okay no big deal the
operation is just slightly different on
this thing that it is on the booster
board there's just a learning curve
there I didn't mean to get that I hope I
didn't startle you
