Hilary Clinton I will be voting for
Hillary Clinton I avoid talking politics
on this channel on this forum because
politics are divisive there's always two
sides Republicans and Democrats there's
left and there's right I can have my
opinion and there will always be an
opposing one that is the nature of a
healthy democracy but this is not that
this is about a megalomaniac who's
driven by nothing but ego a man who
cares exactly zero about the people of
this country a person who brags about
sexually assaulting women and shames
others for the way they look I'm
speaking up now because this election
has very little to do with politics
policy or legislation this has to do
with morals and principles I'm voting
for Hillary because it make no mistake
there is only one person that can defeat
him one person that can keep him away
from power and it is her I'm not a huge
fan of her stale politics I'm entirely
aware of all the criticism against her
I'm aware of all of her failures and
shortcomings but she's intelligent and
she knows what she's doing more
importantly she's mentally sound she's
responsible and she's saying I want to
end this by calling out all the big
youtubers when some I know and some you
viewers might know see making videos
like this they're not popular they're
not going to get you subscribers they're
not going to boost your view counts but
there is something much more valuable
than subscribers or dollars and that's
backbone that is not being scared to
stand up for what is right
regardless of the costs the top 20
youtubers reach over a billion views
every single week every 7 days we have
the power to activate a demographic an
electorate that isn't typically very
active that is young people you see this
generation if we're all banded together
we have the power to ensure that this
tax avoiding lying racist misogynist
stays away from power and out of the
White House but it requires all of us
coming together so if your favorite
youtuber says things like I don't like
to talk politics on my channel or
I'm not going to reveal who I'm voting
for call them out sitting on the
sidelines this time around is not okay
this election is different and if this
guy gets elected and you stood back with
your arms folded and didn't speak out
against him it makes you complicit it
makes you partially responsible for
handing him the reins of power all right
I'll see you tomorrow for a fun happy
video thank you for your understanding
and thanks for the time
you
