that's just a movie shoot no one's
actually getting robbed but it sounded
real baby's asleep Candice is asleep
today on the show we have a very very
special guest my older son Owen is home
from college for the first time ever and
he's only here for like a day which is
sad but it's amazing to have him home
Candice bought these for Francine
they're just all over her house all the
time oh okay I thought you were coming
in first thing this morning
Oh
all right well text me when text me when
you're texting when you're on your way
or whatever did you just wake up I go
back to that if he needs to I'll see you
soon
I was I was mistaken he's coming this
afternoon not this morning but if it's
in the Nats go kind of a special
presentation today
ah well sort of today's entire episode
it's just going to be a Q&A session if
that sounds interesting to you keep
watching if that sounds boring
see you tomorrow now I'm doing a Q&A for
two reasons number one I neglected to
shoot a vlog today my kids in town he's
in the room next story he's home from
college for one day and I didn't want to
like camera the whole thing and number
two I used to B's all the time kinda
miss him
remember the Q&A intro from season one
awesome people tweet me questions I
answer here
Oh first question very appropriate from
Ali what do I like about q and A's well
the reason why I left working in
television and the reason why I like I
don't make feature films anymore this
poster right here is from the last
feature film I produced is because
there's not enough interaction with the
people that are actually viewing the
content that you make and YouTube the
beauty of YouTube is that you make
something and there's like this
reciprocation this immediate sort of
feedback from the audience and I think q
and A's are the most literal version of
that where you literally ask me
questions and I answer them directly
here on camera Ashley wants to know is
Francine acting better no she's too
terrible twos she's getting worse
Emily says what's your Instagram tattoo
what are you talking about Emily I don't
have an Instagram what is an Instagram
tag
no my dear friend Shannon what's the one
thing you want to accomplish before 2016
ends I want to sort of understand where
this whole vlog thing's going cuz this
can't last forever and I don't know what
the finish line might look like
I'd love to figure that out in the next
months coos favorite part about vlogging
daily oh the favor well no it forces me
to create something when there is a
finish line every single day when
there's like a big red buzzer you have
to hit that's the upload button
a big red buzzer you have to hit every
day it forces you to act it forces you
to do things it forces you to create and
I think without like that sort of fire
under Maya I would do what I used to do
what I think most people do which is
like take it easier convince myself
today's a great day to relax and I Drive
Heath edge is DJI getting you a new
drone I don't think so you know DJ I was
super generous and they gave me they
gifted me that Mavic drone which like I
carelessly lost so no I'm gonna get line
and wait like everybody else
viviana what's your biggest pet peeve I
am too people to their mouths open and
loud talkers why do you rough handle
everything stop why do I rough Oh like
why am I so tough on my gear kind of an
own lens caps ah I'm sort of rough on
all of the things I have a stack of
broken cell phones over there
I break cameras um it's because these
things are just tools they're tools that
help me create and the minute I have to
baby them as the minute they get in the
way and they inhibit my ability to
create that is a very luxurious position
to be able to take there was a point in
time in my life in my career when I was
dead broke I had one camera that was my
life and I kept that thing in a padded
case that was like I babied it
I used to literally have a cloth that
wiped down the lenses with every day but
like look I'm an adult now I'm 35 I like
make a good living doing this and I
would much rather get the shot and break
the camera then not get the shot at all
so I know people get pissed off I know
what it feels like to not be able to
afford things like this fancy lens and
then see someone like me like beat the
shit out of it and be like that guy's an
asshole
but the truth is like I own one car if I
wrecked that car I'd be really upset but
NASCAR drivers crash theirs into walls
every single day
his turns if no
oh and then
Nick wants to know never thought about
teaching classes on filmmaking yes Nick
that is like an eventualities
I would love to someday teach but time
is fungible so if I devote time to
teaching now it means I have to take it
away from creating over here and right
now the thing that drives me more than
anything is the act of creation so
teaching yes but not yet oh and you want
answer some questions let me see if I
got any for you there was what I saw I
said oh here you go I'm Jin George how
was Owen doing at school
hello he's doing well any details what's
that mango when Owen comes to New York
City he goes to juice press with my
juice press gift card and just kills
anything else you'd like to share with
the rest of the zone no have you ever
lost or had film equipment stolen while
abroad yes one time Owen and I were in
France and we're at the beach swimming
and I like Barry is stupid I buried my
backpack in the sand just we could jump
in the water and when I came out the
backpack was gone do you remember that
one yeah that was that sucked
yeah cuz I just left my stuff at the
hotel and I was like why don't you leave
your stuff at the hotel and you're like
no I'll bury it if you've never seen any
movies with Owen and me before you he's
the responsible one I'm not how do you
deal with Fame you know things like a
weird thing internet things and a
particularly weird thing because you
guys know me so when you see me on the
street you're like yo Casey what's up
which is awesome but I don't know you so
it's a little weird if I were to run
into Matt Damon in the street I would
like be like yo I love Bourne Identity
but I I don't know him so internet theme
is like a very very strange thing 95 99
percent of the time it's amazing it just
is this great catalyst this great
opportunity to meet people wherever I go
that five percent or two percent over
that sucks is like when I'm trying to go
home and people are outside my office
demanding pictures know what I'm like I
have to go home to see my baby daughter
I'm really so
either like urine a Santa wants to know
where do you see yourself in five years
you know I don't know I think that like
this what I do this like industry it's
changes so quickly the technology the
the consumption that the distribution
they communicate everything is changing
so quickly that if I even guess where
I'd be career-wise in five years I'd be
wrong personally in five years he'll
graduate college I hope I'm healthy
Francine will be seven I just hope that
I'm still happy and healthy do you edit
100% of your vlogs yes I do
I don't add it all my movie some of my
best movies like make it count
my best friend max edited but my vlogs
are me they're my personality they're
who I am and I don't really entrust that
to anyone else Jeff wants to know if you
weren't doing videos or films what
career would you have tried to pursue
astronaut or professional athlete I know
I've answered that question before why
the hell are you driving and filming at
the same time not driving okay a
question from someone I admire greatly
by the name of Michael Deering Michael
wants to know can you recall a day
during high school that's particularly
meaningful to you what happened in
detail Michael of course you're gonna
dig deep here alright gonna zoom in for
this one okay this Michael this is one
of my last one of my last days in high
school I dropped out of high school in
the tenth grade I never graduated I
remember this was like just as my
parents were getting a divorce things
were really really bad at home and I was
in English class my English teacher was
mr. Gabor T now dr. Gabor T I always
respected him I liked him he's one of
the few teachers that I really liked and
I don't know what I was doing but I was
just being bad
I got causing trouble or something like
that and I think he asked me to calm
down several times I never did he pulled
me into the hallway and just sort of
like put like I stood against the wall I
remember vividly I stood against the
lockers and he like looked me in the
eyes and he was like what's going on
what's the matter and he was treating me
like an adult I was a big deal for like
a 15 year old cup but he was like what's
going on and I sort of like broke eye
contact and shook my head like a
teenager would do and he was like what's
going on he
and I just was like I think I may be
mumbled and having problems at home and
then I just started crying and like
broke down I don't remember what
happened after that I remember that
moment vividly I also remember there's
no way I would have passed that class
there's no way I earned a passing grade
in that class but that semester luga
boardy gave me a c-minus a good-enough
grade to pass and he gave that to me
because I think he knew my intentions
were good even though I I was just a
total screwup I'm gonna end this QA on
that sadness oh you ready to go yeah you
see Owen here never got thrown out of
high school and he's now a college
student doing very how are you doing
school loan with like academically well
yeah
you think you're going to like get good
marks yeah really
environmental science he switched from
computer science which you know whatever
he's interested in
right now what's happening
