all right
or half
so nice in here
for a run you know my runnings really
really been slacking lately Candice
reminds me daily that I'm getting fat so
this morning serious run
it's Cola really cool to head in the
summer this is the Manhattan Bridge I'm
meeting one of my homies on this bridge
he's a great runner much better on a
diet
he's right down there in blue I see him
where you going go to write about the
wind that is lower Manhattan right there
I live right there I ran all the way out
here which has got to be like eight
seven who cares a lot of miles miles
cold solid run this morning I did a came
out of 13 hole 13.1 miles at a seven
forty eight days ever that's a good run
this is a fig the name of this episode
is I got a Learjet or something like
that I haven't upload or made it yet so
I don't but you get them I guess let's
talk about clickbait clickbait is a
beautiful term and what it means is when
the title serves one purpose that's to
get you to click and it can be like two
horribly misleading but as long as you
click the bait has succeeded okay I
don't I don't I don't believe in click
there's like a lot of caveats here
clickbait at times can be just egregious
and horribly misleading and the rule
that I try to follow is to intrigue but
not mislead I want you to see the title
deck hmm wonder what's going on there
click play and like oh this is great
that's intriguing but if you click on
the title you're like this guy's foolish
then I've misled you sometimes you do a
really good job of this like the $21,000
first-class seat great title totally
intriguing and perfectly accurate and
then sometimes I just totally screwed up
and you guys give me hell for in the
comments today need somewhere in the
middle okay hey doing get the Buddha
report Teterboro Airport that's right
but I'm on my way to Teterboro Airport
right now which is like a small airport
in New Jersey not far from the city but
here's what's going on I hear all kinds
of weird emails my website all the time
every once in a while I get awesome
emails like this ready hi case you have
a professional pilot on a Learjet we are
flying in to Teterboro today and then we
are repositioning to Philadelphia in the
next couple of days with an empty plane
I know it's not a long flight but I
wanted to offer a free ride if you're
interested in going to Philadelphia
maybe you're thinking like why would you
fly someplace you don't need to go but a
private jet is like this is like this is
an empty plenty to be like it's my plane
this is a very I'm in my lights this is
a very special opportunity so yes I am
getting my own private jet
but I only get if like a half an hour
flight or something and I'm more like
cargo than like the actual like guests
on the plane but still what an
opportunity I never fly never but I was
in the airport
but you seen them before here I see me
anytime ok
this is it this was the coolest I'm back
at the airport ever okay wait these are
the dudes that invited me Adam Chris
what do we do now still get on the plane
which one is ours there's so many
that's it sit we're locked up and now we
just take off now we just go guess I'll
just sit back here by myself guys need
anything no sorry no flight attendant
Chris will come back and serve you some
drinks and nuts
this is the bathroom shut the door
privacy back here ya little sink and
some accoutrement a couple of win
just gonna beep that shut got a couple
of windows you get a mirror right here
oh and they're starting you'll buckle up
hey question how long the flight is this
about 30 minutes should we take the long
lines wolf we'll go slow
microwave
refrigerator
Cerreta yeah you're not paying off now
put these snacks
delicious see you see big airplanes like
when they when they take off it's like
slow tick up but these these tiny
corporate jets they go like this
straight up in the air
that's part of this whole thing is
there's no like security there was no
TSA there
just like got out of my over walked onto
the jet every we took off that is
incredible
warm up here
ready
am i bothering you it's just like this
is the only plane you guys fly in the
regular right so now it's like your
plane
what do you normally wear when you're
flying it not for a case it took lofts
in that look lots of honey
now we now we wear Stars and Bars really
the whole thing
yeah the little uh go snack before we
land
it's like a flying limousine that
redbull
this
tools airplane departure ever
there's no way that was as cool on
camera as it was in real life
Adam thanks for the thanks for the lift
ride to Philly thanks for the ride to
Philly I'm going to immediately go to
the train station and go back to New
York City now but
a lot of important people that come
through this place right these guys
invited me and are going skydiving right
now and of course I want to go skydiving
but my Candace will probably divorce I'm
not like she told me I'm not allowed to
use that word anymore that's probably a
good idea Candace would be incredibly
upset because I'm like honey not gonna
be home tonight
skydiving these guys I met on the
Internet
Chris good to meet you buddy thanks for
the fly see dude it was a pleasure bye
guys
you're look skydiving later don't forget
to pull the cord yeah
those guys were awesome I mean like my
train leaves now just going straight
back to New York City but I got a text
saying it's 20 minutes late so then why
not push it and skateboard around for 20
minutes see a little bit of Philadelphia
Oh Casey what Oh what are you doing at
Philly well okay I have like 10 minutes
what should I do what should you do I
got my skateboard okay well they're
sitting huh okay that's that yeah okay
yeah he's Bill
okay just filming City Hall yeah what's
your name in this scene the scene thank
you you're welcome
take care of Ann Lindsay all right
according to that kid I need to go to
town hall and just fill
Oh
amazing I am a big fan of you man
yeah what's your name Jeff Mike now I'm
just now I'm just making friends how do
i how do I get for the train station
train station
all right I gotta get to 30th street
I'm on 16th Street
he's following me that's a great people
oh that was a great six-minute tour of
Philadelphia train station
wait I'm actually not sure if that's the
train station is that the train station
yes 30th Street that's it thank you
train is at 4:30 it's currently 425
train is 15 minutes late nice to meet
you yeah go train is hip yeah vlogging
right now
that's crazy are you on the fifty minute
to Boston yeah yeah actually we're
waiting but there's all these other ones
we could be on wonder if I can switch
are you sure oh all right I gotta go
nice to me nice to meet you too yeah oh
there's still people bore me 21-7 day
yeah all bore all aboard gay three I'm
fine was that just a test
did I pass haha look right around the
yeah thank you very much what's your
name
tiny have a great day goodbye the people
here especially patty the people I've
met here have been amazing
wait don't turn it off here you go sir
coming up coming
hatred owner all right
I love it thank you very much this
entire train rides like 45 minutes maybe
an hour maybe an hour 45 minutes I have
no idea if I'll be back in the city and
then back home by 6:00 p.m. when Candice
expects me home from work like I've
never left
good escape word home now that's why I
brought it
great day really great day how come
neither of you have your hands on the
control
just like a Tesla
how do you get out of your seats if you
have to go to the bathroom
