higher
first workday back in the city in like a
week
so good to be back I have like mostly
meetings and like things like that to
catch up on like real business stuff to
do this morning but one of my favorite
people well I haven't seen in a really
long time is in town I'm going to see
him this afternoon
first meeting of the day is in Midtown
not a huge fan of Midtown when I do go
up here
I like to go through Times Square I'm
awesome how you doing because I like to
see the people and Times Square is kind
of amazing look at this place
let a remote-control skateboard yeah you
just think you're the coolest guy ever
now you're not standing next to you I'd
oh stop it you're making me blush
all right it's 3:00 in the afternoon now
I just finished a one-hour long phone
call and then a three hour long meeting
I'm going to go home so I left all my
stuff there and then go to the office
Midtown
look up look up look up what are you
doing then stop sighs let's just got hit
by a car by a guy who was literally
smoking a blunt behind the wheel he goes
through a red light at a gentle embrace
jump off the board I looked up him he's
smoking a blunt and goes like this like
go ahead sweetheart he who was told me I
got nothing to get smoking blunts but if
you're gonna do it don't run over people
on skateboards dude it's like 5:00 p.m.
I still haven't gone to the office yet
trying to get out of here I just like
sit down at my computer and start
working and there's so much work to be
done that I like it at home there's
nobody here bothering me
this isn't JA
this isn't mailtime this is just stuff
night order I kind of want to apologize
kid outside that I want to apologize to
him because I'm sure he thinks that I
was being rude and maybe I kind of was
but it's like there's nothing I love
more than meeting people like want to
say hi to me because I like my youtube
channel that honestly is like my
favorite thing but I hate when people
show up outside my office this is where
I work I'm always so busy I'm running in
and out of this place like I my time
here is very narrow and it's very
stressful for me like when I'm running
out of my office there's like ten people
like hate me at a picture just outside
like having a really intense business
conversation with Matt my business
partner and we're like talking the core
like having a conversation like
intensely and somebody came up and was
like Casey Casey Casey and I was just
like excuse me I'm having a conversation
and I could tell that he was really
upset
by me saying that so I'm sorry like I
didn't mean to upset you also didn't
mean to like be rude or anything I'm
generally not that root of a human being
listed how appropriate
all right I didn't order this somebody
sent this to me here's a gift receipt
there doesn't say who it's from
just says gift first but check out the
name of this book release your anger
maybe instead of telling that kid
outside to not interrupt me maybe I
should have just go up here and colored
thank you whoever sent us me also I know
I said this was in mail time but maybe
this is mail time disguised as packages
for things that I thought I ordered I
did order this okay what this is is this
is like the tiniest drone you can bot
look this is a drone that fits in your
pocket and it has a camera on it ah this
is perfect so I just lost my drone
yesterday this is very exciting today's
episode of Casey neistat's blog is a
review of this tiny itty bitty drone
Joseph I'm three tongues held this is I
wouldn't eat these instructions are
insane look at all that
alright typically I try to provide
comprehensive reviews of new technology
this is going to be whatever the
opposite of comprehend
you
this is gonna be a special visitor
remember I was saying my like favorite
person the worlds in town yeah sure this
is my homie Jerome you know it's just
saying last week that everybody says I'm
short and I'm like not that short
I just have really tall friends Jerome
six foot nine no six to six is very
smooth that's not what I ordered this
tiny foldable pocket Ronin you know I
say I lost my drone this is the drone
here now I charge the battery I
downloaded the app this is what it looks
like oh yeah in your butt though it's
just you just mess it up
does my old pile of broken junk oh look
it this is this powered up alright it's
been about 40 minutes later but I did
get this thing to work I'm gonna take
off from you ready alright this is the
tiny hand drone taking off the hell did
I just do okay false alarm once again I
have to do some Keita drones is not the
hardware know what this thing physically
looks like what matters is the software
like what powers it what controls it so
when you're counting on software to
operate this like flying camera there's
like so many variables and you need to
be able to count in the software and
like I invite my friend over I just make
him sit there and watch me not fly my
girl it literally says right now
hat your drone gently like are you pipat
hot but okay whoa here we go
alright indoor flying black tofu ng
ah hi-low solution
okay the little guys airborne but there
are no controls on the screen convince
your wing now conceit poof angel took a
tiny template wouldn t my job okay there
it is
alright roll some video on this thing
okay fit it catch it catch it catch it
you can you become for that agency
almost okay release it landed safely
sure take it outside
yeah okay wait let me just read the
manual first okay okay I take back most
of the bad stuff that I said about this
drone that was pretty fun okay forward
till zero tech zero problems left tilt
but how do you make go up and down yeah
well you could Evi down um because my
office is in front of a camera store
there's a light in the window which
makes us look professionally lit
resetting the drone it did not work
oh wait it's going it's going yeah it's
right here
girls what do you think of this tiny
flying thing it doesn't have a camera in
it well sort of this is what it looks
like
Oh incredible that is a massive massive
overstatement okay
I'm bringing it back bringing it's gone
no come back Oh God Oh we should all be
equally Natasha losing something that
cold I thought I wouldn t
I did lose a drone and that's an
irresponsible thing to do it was a toy
drone I probably should not have been
flying it outside even though it said I
could fly outside but even those
laughing and that was fun like kind of
stupid we're having some late-night uh
raw vegan food cuz I'm proud of it I'm
finding it helped the amount I remember
doing you one day Casey you would be
vegan and not know it I know it
Francine whatever the music having a
dance party that's the cheese I thought
she pooped her pants
very good
the conclusive outcome on this review is
uh observer at friend room I'm really
good at flying drones I've gotten so
good at it I just think that I wasn't
good at flying that drone sure you think
we'll ever see it again yes then we got
good back mr. possibilities dear
