paintbrush I don't know if this is you
know work but if it does this white
piece of paper should spell the letter
10 ready see the see the lemon juice is
supposed to burn at a higher lower
temperature than the rest of the paper
which in theory should make it act like
disappearing ink or something but he's
totally work look at that number 10
written in spying also known as lemon
whatever dealing with anything flammable
or combustible so it's very important to
make sure you have a fire extinguisher
nearby now my fire extinguisher is empty
so you always want to make sure you
check it to make sure it's not empty
fortunately this blew out all by it this
video is kind of a nothing video mostly
I just wanted to bring you up to speed
share with you you know when I'm daily
vlogging you know I feel like there's a
really great opportunity to have an
open-ended conversation with you the
audience bringing you up to speed with
what I'm up to in my life and my channel
ambitions and everything else but now
that I post irregularly irregular I
don't feel like I have that calm I don't
feel like I have that opportunity so
this is just like a good old-fashioned
update video
ten things ten things I need to bring
you up to speed on number one if you
send me a letter or maybe or maybe a
package helmet or a futuristic fan and
you haven't received a thank-you from me
please know that I am working on it I
just I get a lot which I appreciate
and it takes me a long time to get
through all of these you know for what
it's worth a lot of my youtuber friends
told me that they've shut down their Pio
boxes and stuff this just becomes too
much of a hassle I do not see it as a
hassle I love receiving packages in mail
I just try to be realistic with update
number two I haven't shaved in about a
week I'm not one for facial hair but I
had a really good excuse for all of the
last week I've been on this like it was
like a romantic because it was Candace
and me but we had a bunch of our friends
with us but no children no babies we
left them at home with Candace's parents
but I'm like this crazy wild romantic
honeymoon like vacation we all went on a
cruise through like the Caribbean and we
stopped these islands and went for like
hikes and then at night we can decide
midway in almost a year and a half
without the kid oh it was amazing
I didn't shoot any video about it but it
was such a wild experience I feel like I
have to make a movie about it somehow so
I might try to get all of like the cell
phone clips that everybody took on that
trip and turn that into a video but yeah
I grew some facial hair and got this
fantastic tan I'm a romantic holiday
my holiday video a little bit about that
video if you haven't seen it we you know
every year Samsung wants me to do a big
video with them and they are willing to
kind of support whatever crazy idea I
have and last year's about me dressing
up a Santa and flying around on the
snowboard behind a drone
this year I want to do something it was
much more about giving back if you
haven't seen it we turned an old
shopping mall it's like this winter
wonderland then we invited like a
hundred plus underprivileged kids to
come there and make youtube videos with
us
it is opportunities like that and
getting to do like that that is the very
reason why I want to be a youtuber and
I'm psyched to be a youtuber it wasn't
just me either we had there were 18
youtubers that we flew in from like
around the country around the world to
help us realize this thing and you know
all of it was to benefit the Boys and
Girls Club which is an organization that
helps underprivileged kids that don't
have much to do after school and they've
received a whole bunch of attention by
the way I'll link them below if you want
to make a donation or just go say hi
unbelievable organization but that was
my holiday video thank you for just the
overwhelming support especially thank
you from the girls and boys merch this
merch my current merch store you know I
have three items for sale this is an
experiment this is something I wanted to
see if there was interest in I wanted to
see if I liked the process and the short
answer to all that is this is awesome
and I want to be more than just t-shirts
and sweatshirts I want to figure out how
to like how to have like a place where I
can sell all the crap that I'm
interested in that maybe you're
interested in a place where I can work
with like nonprofits to raise all the
money and do fundraisers that I like to
do a place that's like I don't like a
big fat commerce site or online commerce
place where I can do more than just sell
t-shirts and sweatshirts maybe I've been
spending too much time my friend Peter
McKinnon but in 2018 not to make much
more of an effort to make the process of
creating a bigger part of mine of my
video narrative it's something I talked
a lot about like in 2000 season one of
the bloggers I talked a lot about the
gear I use and how I got the shots that
I got I've gotten away from that I only
get back to that just as a quick nod to
that you'll notice that this video and
the videos that I'll be posting in the
near future anyways are not 4k I've gone
back to 1080 instead I'm trying to focus
on a sharper focus and a shallower depth
of field I want to make these videos a
little bit more cinematic in order
to do that I'm letting go of the higher
resolution and I'm embracing sort of
better dynamic range in better color
science and and the kinds of aesthetic
values that I prioritize during the
first season of my vlog and that brings
up one of the bigger questions that I
asked myself especially looking to the
future and that is what is this channel
you know a year ago at this time I just
stopped vlogging CNN just bought my
company I had no idea what 2017 might
bring in 2017 for me was a bit of a
scramble like I I wasn't sure where this
channel fit in I started vlogging again
but that didn't feel rights that I just
went to uploading with some consistency
but then I would sit it was a mess and
when I looked at 2018
I don't specifically know what I want to
do but I do know that regular uploads
and having a very specific sort of
narrative agenda behind this channel is
going to be a priority of mine I just
think for my own well-being like when I
told myself the first season of the vlog
was gonna post a video every single day
no matter what that was such like good
guidance for me it was very helpful for
me creatively and I want to kind of give
myself a mission like that for 2018 with
this YouTube channel this closet the
podcast we're doing it a hundred percent
guaranteed positively fully committed
we're doing the podcast we just want to
rush into it we're gonna do it in 2018
in January a few weeks from now but we
needed to take this time to figure out
how to do it best practices do we get a
studio to be knocking the studio sound
quality distribution methods all those
things we're figuring out right now but
we're doing it the immediate future so
like I said I was on that romantic
vacation for the last week no vlogging
for that no making videos for that I
leave in two more days for another trip
this is a family trip we're going to see
Candace's family it's like a big thing
I'll be gone for another like 8 or 10
days or something I want to try and not
make videos while I'm there as well I
find taking these big breaks lets my
brain clear up and it lets me enjoy my
time with my family but that doesn't
mean I'm not going to upload
have a couple of videos that I shot
they've just been sitting on my hard
drive from like the weeks passed I want
to share those videos and then I have
one like ace in the hole this video that
I was working on like months and months
and months ago when I finished sounds
like it's not good enough and then we
revisited it I'm gonna release release
that in the next couple of days and
that's a video I'm really excited about
that video is gonna be my new channel
trailer okay thank you - PO - zoo for
sending me these awesome Star Wars shoes
check out my Teddy fresh hat gah do you
know this stuff is so good alright and
my last thing on my list of things to
update you with this is something I'm
very excited about something I've been
looking forward to sharing with you
remember juice press the juice place I
still come to in like every single
episode my buddy owns this place
check this out
how's the hot sauce selling good where
is it
I've got my own juice press hot sauce
have you tried it
what do you think CII
I want to figure out how to sell these
in the merge store but for now it's just
kind of like a fun thing that I'm doing
with the with the owner of juice press
which is like a local New York City G
shop Marcus is my homie I'd do anything
to support this place but come on dip it
put my face on a hot sauce bottle also I
was paid for this in juice all right
it's not exciting update number 10 until
I figure out how to put these on my
merch site just simply come to downtown
Manhattan and come come to this juice
press and buy yourself a bottle of uh KC
hot sauce how much is the KC hot sauce
top $5 all right so dust consists thus
concludes my exactly ten part update
video and here's the future
