good morning Austin its pitch black
outside
it's like 4:45 in the morning right now
the Sun hasn't come up yet I got to get
out of here yeah he's a jury
good to see you Cedric this is Cedric
remember last night I said I was here
for Samsung to take some 360 photos and
they always entertain my stupidest ideas
this morning might be my stupidest best
worst idea ever morning guys
Casey it's too early Paul remember the
helicopter that that flew us to big town
idea setters pick this up on the tarmac
amazing we only roll a Cedric we have a
lot of prep work to do
things are just getting started who's
excited I'm excited are you excited I'm
a little excited excited I just wrote
letter hang up that helicopter your name
on it
see you and you'll be sitting like this
okay when we decide and then the lateral
drop-down obviously like that so you'll
climb out okay now the next first rung
of the ladder
so this is like safety stuff
rigging stuff practice like working out
all the details so we actually do this
there's a like did we want to remove as
many variables as possible safety is the
key so I've got my harness on here feels
pretty good right I forgot the bow tie
major issue
I forgot the bow tie out I wouldn't want
webbing tied around my neck so how do we
turn this into a bow ties I think now we
just got to try to pick this like this
yeah this is per case you just want to
squish this which I got this bow tie we
just need not a wedding and kid this is
perfect all right you heard the right
you got the job hmm my suit is ready my
fake bow tie is good enough this string
here is going to tie on my sunglasses
before I climb out of the helicopter I
think that's it if we have a problem
Jake is gonna have eyes on Casey he'll
let us know right away you'll let me
we'll just deal with that we have
I don't know if I've been a hundred
percent clear on why we're doing all of
this rigmarole literally just so I can
take a picture with a gear 360 I just
want it to be a really good picture so I
kept like upping the ante of what we
should do until we arrived at this place
so all of this is literally for one
three sixty four I hope it's a good
picture
the photo came out pretty well tonight
is the streamys oak Streamy award
streamys award the streamys awards and I
would say vote for me but by the time I
post this that will be over so don't
waste your time but I'm nominated which
is a big deal I'm excited about it and
obviously I want to look nice for the
awards show so I am I got this suit here
and I have this hotel press it for me
press I think is the same thing as
ironing it was like a fancier way to say
it
I definitely need a haircut before
tonight so I've got my favorite barber
in the whole world jelly coming by here
if she got more I'm gonna have her cut
my hair out here on the patio because
here yeah yeah of course
I found jelly she's gonna cut my hair
out here on the patio
I don't really have any ideas jelly do I
just think it's too much what do you
think
oh yeah it's it feel homeless right now
looking sharp okay I tried to clean up
the hair as best I could I think I did a
pretty good job if I move the camera
fast you can't even see it jelly no no
hair left on the floor alright jellies
out of here I have to get dressed and go
I mean let's you want to come with me I
really like jelly the barber you know
just anyone who takes that much pride in
what they do and loves what they do that
much that's it
apparently I'm late I don't know how but
I'm already late
this is it this is a this is the Streamy
Awards here
we're at the hotel now this is where the
this is where the award show is tonight
and we're like in a green room room
getting ready for some like I don't know
but it hasn't started yet
we're ten minutes away okay we need to
get a mic on - ready I'm going on stages
presents something so that the mic me up
now and and you know I don't really know
what's going on but there's like a lot
of energy and everybody's being really
like urgent
I'm going to do what
a lot of action happening up there BAM
what is happening y'all y'all looking
good if you guys don't mind can we take
a picture is that cool uh we got Casey
nice that in the building he's got the
gear 360 this is yep oh thank you he got
my bag look what he's been doing with
his camera Sean Sean like white people
crazy y'all don't worry texted won't
tell your outside now
horses
talking a little bit about this John 1
John 1 around the same or snowboarding
and now I'm like it out with all you
bouncy people in that point you where
was I with some of their best Halloween
looks here are the nominees for best
first person series and the winner for
Best first person series is Casey nice -
thanks guys
and thanks for everybody else I was
nominated with I think that first person
or vlogging or whatever this is called
is is like the evolution of what was
reality TV and I think it's more honest
and more truthful and more real than
anything that predated it on television
so it's a big honor and thank you very
much bye bye guys see I hide relations -
size of your boyfriend
whoa whoa okay what a ridiculously
awesome night I I just want to thank
everyone who voted for me I think that's
how you win is like people vote for you
but it's a big honor at mental hope
you're having a wonderful stay please
let me know if there's anything I can do
to make your or come please enjoy these
exclusive Beverly Hills Hotel pajamas oh
all right pajamas they're really Hills
Hotel pajamas Wow check these out I have
to fly back to New York tomorrow this is
gonna be my airplane outfit and check
this out look wallpaper pants wallpaper
pants what different these pajamas are
amazing quick war stories out of the
bottom of the rope and now when you're
holding onto a rope ladder it is like
doing a pull-up
but like holding a pull-up and I had the
safety line for the 360 camera in case I
dropped it which I did twice the safety
line was wrapped around them was wrapped
around the rope ladder like ten ways so
I was down there like hi my mouth China
