do you think they did that in case
something Falls did what I don't see
your car no car
I see no car no car at all
we didn't hotel last night
Candace is still in bed baby is with her
mom it was like a nice a nice parents
getaway we're watching James Bond now
are your sister what do you guys what
are you guys doing out there
hey guys hey how are you the be 10 yeah
let's do this I'm ready to go higher
percent okay grab my backpack where you
going you're done I'm ready I'm ready
wait Deborah key yes taking this photo
shoot too seriously woman is amazing
we should have to trust her we are doing
a bit did you push the button we're
doing a family photo shoot today with
the Kansas sisters baby and then our
baby are we all going to be in it okay
it's mostly our kids then at the end
Carlos gotta go jump in with her kid and
then we're going to jump in with our kid
what about one with all of us ah the
coffee's gone ah hi Jenny how are you
all today you're just gonna wait for a
few people
what do we have here
Richard right - I got you um Katie can
you just jump in and see if there's room
for four I just jump out so hey you're
you think there's room for four in there
yeah cool
we'll take Cubert do me a favor yes take
all of our stuff out of the trunk of
this car put it in that car swap the
keys when they come out for that car
give that car you guys not gonna fit in
disco are you gonna do it forget
everything thank you
we just we just finished lunch my my
salmon wasn't really cooked to it to
send it back but I didn't Harley did
truly does have any problems sending
food
I'm not I'm not a huge fan of shopping
whenever we're here in Houston we have a
tendency to do a lot of shopping right
now Candice her sister and her sisters
husband Scott are shopping we'll go find
them
this girl's closer boys closer girls and
boys plus get a crop top get a belly
shirt look at this baby get all crop
tops cropped up this is it this is the
thing Candice was most excited about
here in Texas we are not doing a family
photo shoot okay let's go get our family
photos picture safety
Brotherhood
smile Francine Oh
not easy to get babies to perform for
the camera I wouldn't say it's going
poorly but I also wouldn't say well
their children will say photographing
children is an absolute art form it
takes patience skills precision patience
you are a saint
it's like trying to take a picture of an
ice cube in the middle of the desert
that's what this is like right now
believing Candace at her parents house
I'm going back to the hotel to get
changed and get the stuff for dinner
tonight
how you doing good got that job you know
we're going there
not yet cuz uh let me stop I put the
address in the in yet
all right thank you very much happy day
hey my goodness today has been an
exhausting day those babies that
photoshoot just all that and all the
running around and all that like the
chaos and all the Candace is on our way
to pick me up now we're going to like a
family dinner tonight I do I don't mean
to be talking negative about family
stuff I love family stuff this video is
just like a lot of it you know it's like
all the family like right in your face
at the same time and that's that's a lot
to take in
what you guys do without me not a hole
we talked about you it's hard for us
where did you talk about Candace how
much I love you yeah you see how long
till we move to California honestly I
think I think maybe two or three years
yeah
that's at the same time that I'm sorry
how much they give a wig on right now
but like a nice week what does wait
honey what are we walking into it I have
to expect up here is everybody you know
each other
Oh
right now thank you video thank you for
having us on your lovely dinner
welcome we do not be to be the soup was
delicious
Candace how's the soup mushrooms are
great is she gonna bleed if you she's
probably gonna be it you want to be in
it
okay now you ready there you go is that
my other mother yes since all the South
African accent there's always plenty of
wine
thank you
that was a long day did you have a good
day
so was it good day though this is what
you like the whole time you see
