can you believe how fast as clouds are
moving storms a-brewin also I don't have
any shoes on right now even though I'm
running like ten miles because I'm using
my my shoes to hold the camera there
windy phone kept blowing over
you
alright alright alright I might be
smiling on the outside I'm crying on the
inside
it is 301 and the P I spent the entire
day wrestling to get this camera to work
do I look good though this is a 4k vlog
today for a very special reason for K
because yesterday's episode about the
new DJI Matic pro drone was very popular
but a lot of people had a lot of
questions about the imagery that this
thing yields versus the imagery that
this thing yields so long story long I
thought I would shoot today in 4k that
way I can put the 4k image from these
suckers in there like in its raw pure
State I just been looking this camera
set up camera that's a Canon 5d Mark 4
and then I got this monitor down here do
you see all this monitors their
microphones there forever to get this
thing to work if you're not John Olsen
just ignore this next part John how do
you possibly shoot your daily videos in
4k everyday how is this not just a huge
pain in the ass
now the number one piece of criticism I
was getting yesterday about the Mavic
Pro that's the tiny gronitz that's this
guy was that the image seemed soft
oh the image may have been soft because
I had to adjust the resolution of it to
match yesterday's episode which is why
today's in 4k by the way if you click
the little cog right there and then all
the way up right here to 4k you can see
this video in all its glory you're going
to want to have a really good internet
connection if you do that otherwise it's
going to like glitch and buffer and all
that fish now before I take these drones
out for a side-by-side comparison I want
to sort of get into my my entire thesis
and understanding behind drone quality
first since this is the underlying theme
of why I'm going out there in the first
place
okay uh here y-axis here my marker the
tip just falls out of this marker booth
and then look at my fingers your x-axis
here this is convenience practicality of
use pain in the ass super convenient
x-axis here is the quality of the image
this is the best quality you could ever
ask for there put a toe now ideally what
you're looking for in any piece of
hardware is for it to live in this sweet
spot here that means it's both super
convenient and very high quality for you
longtime viewers of the vlog remember
now you supply this alright this is a
parent drone it's closer to a toy than a
drone pretty low quality image but
really easy to keep in your backpack so
this little drone is super convenient
but very very low quality DJI inspire
maybe you've seen this thing before it's
this monstrous drone that like has
moving arms like a space alien my friend
Jesse has one so the quality is over
here but it's not convenient at all in
fact it's a huge painting you know that
exists here which brings us to this
thing the Phantom 4 up until yesterday
my favorite drone on the market
convenient and very high quality right
about here the quality is almost pretty
convenient and then comes the Mavic Pro
is not as good qualitatively as the p4 I
would say it's right here but its
convenience is up here
the ideal piece of equipment lives here
the reason why I love this thing is
because it lives right here good enough
quality and very convenient any day of
the week
I'll trade a tiny bit of quality to get
the shot
little weaving through traffic on my
skateboard looks like in 4k the look
better okay I'm down here under the
Williamsburg Bridge to do a
comprehensive analysis between the
Phantom 4 and the DJI mavet Pro I also
brought the parent whatever plastic
drone just as a control study number one
backpack size this is the DJI phantom4
backpack as you can see it's a fairly
large pack this big bag is necessary to
carry the drone down here you've got
your controller propellers etc next up
is the Mavic pro the Maverick fits in
this lovely satchel I wish this satchel
came in cheetah print or maybe a hot
pink in this little satchel fit the
controller and then the drone itself
lasts to compare is the parrot drone
it's not an official bag but the drone
itself and then the propellers which I
keep in this carrying case this thing is
a pretty serious commitment this thing
is worthless on the Y made it part of
this video you could take this out of
date you can take this to the roller
skating rink you could take this to the
very practical to travel with
okay now the moment of truth I'm going
to fly each of the three drones on the
same route for a side-by-side comparison
okay first up the Phantom 4 I really
really wish I had picked a J that wasn't
like a storm eating like horrible gale
force winds but I already started this
okay here we go
okay next up this is the magic crow
this is the parrot or I'm just telling
you right now I'm going to 100% lose
this the winds gonna take it's gonna fly
away
gonna cut my arm off
oh god this thing is a nightmare it's
like 10 feet over the water lost
connection which is what always happens
and then it's just sat there and then it
flew back here and then it wouldn't
looking at the phantom footage right
next to the Mavic footage the Mavic is a
much softer make like less sharp less
it's a much softer image than the
phantom for the Phantom 4 is a superior
camera the gap is big but not
overwhelming but it is a superior camera
but when you're talking about the idea
of either carrying this to capture that
perfect image or carrying just this get
an image that's good but not great for
somebody like me who are youtuber I make
a video every day convenience is a super
huge priority so I'm going to stick with
this but all of you commenters were
totally right the Maverick does have a
softer less sharp image then the big but
if we're gonna if we're going to go back
to where today began I still think
convenience over here is just as
important as quality over here so I will
trade this little bit of quality for
this huge amount of convenience oh and
the bebop drone this thing I just put
that in there to show you what a drone
of comparable size the Mavic actually
looks like and the last thing I want to
say is I wish I had a GoPro karma oh so
frustrating that I just I would love to
show you what that looks like
because I don't have a GoPro karma yet
they just loaned me one for one day now
to give it back but I do have this this
is the session 5 in 4k the new session
that's not out yet
I kind of took it from them and didn't
give it back but this is the exact
camera that will be on the karma to give
you an idea so like what the Karma is
going to look like that's a pretty good
image here I'll pretend I'm a drone
that's the best I could do that was shot
on this little guy
4k pretty pretty good pretty good GoPro
okay I hope this was helpful just
thinking I have three drones on my back
and then I have this camera which is a
5d Mark for it so expensive today would
be a terrible terrible day to get robbed
unless you're the robber there would be
a great day to rob me I hope that
doesn't happen
you
