Carly was very concerned that you didn't
hit it off either of the girls that work
for me should I go in there and be like
hey stop taking care of the baby
now these backs cuz I cuz I today today
is a travel day alright now I'm going to
ride my skateboard to work just like I
do every day
h8rs k part of all these bags okay
something important to talk to you about
this morning I never asked you for much
so when I asked you for something you
know it's important remember Marlin my
friend the UPS guy he needs a little
help
just what's up Marlon
nothing much Casey yeah I'm the reason
I'm here something that is very very
very dear to me and my sister in st.
Vincent is not well sin Vincent doesn't
have the sort of facilities to sort of
cope with this only our private company
that does it it's very very expensive
for the last three years I've been
covering the expenses for my sister but
she's a little difficult this thing is
very personal to me and I really need
your help
see Marlins been paying all the bills
for his sister by himself it's killing
the guy and like me and Jack had been
encouraging him to do a GoFundMe and he
did it so I'll link it below but Marlins
a good guy he cares a lot about his
sister if you have a couple bucks to
throw him it would mean a lot thank you
thank you very much all right that's it
like this of course Marlon right how do
you do it take care
awesome guy
truly truly she that he's having to deal
with that if he can help him it it'd
mean a lot I mean lots a guy thanks uh
while we're here you know I haven't I
haven't done like a proper male time in
a while but I do want to thank Carl
who's a glassblower from Chicago for
sending me this hand-blown well I'm not
sure what this is I think it's a vaz
yeah I mean I'm I'm no expert but I
think you put it down like this you put
the flower in there and then you put a
little bit of water in there and it
keeps the flower going so I want to
thank you Carl for sending you this
beautiful hand-blown glass flower vaz
back up now getting ready to out of here
I'm going to take a taxi to the airport
flight is in two hours and 40 minutes
but there's a good chance I'm gonna hit
traffic
this trip is going to be a super super
short trip I'm leaving right now my
flights at 6 and then I'm back here
tomorrow by 5 so that's it all in 23
hours no big deal
after that I'm not off flying again for
daddy probably don't give ish but this
is the first time this is the first time
in a long time where I've been able to
travel without my stupid rolling
suitcase I had to use the stupid rolling
suitcase to carry my big drone but now
just go ahead and comment below if
you're sick of me talking about my new
drone
okay my flight has been delayed by three
hours this is both great cuz I get to go
home and see the baby and terrible
because when the delayed flights for
three hours it usually means they're
gonna cancel the flight I have to be
there by tomorrow morning at 8:00 a.m.
yeah my flight was late until 9:30 oh my
god they're gonna cancel it right haha
but my thing tomorrow morning is at 8:00
a.m. at you well I don't know ok
bye Candace okay see at least I get to
have like another hour with the family
and I'll trade a trip four days at home
with the family any day of the week so
sick of everybody being like oh you
found your PO keyboard I didn't find my
PO keyboard this is the other board at a
poky board in a pika board this is the
peak aboard so I'm sick of the commenter
saying how you found your board I didn't
find the board so I'm just erasing the
fact that this is a personal feeling
today started with me saying how much I
hate riding my skateboard with all these
bags and here's the day ending with me
taking all those bags home I didn't even
need to bring them to the office but I
was I supposed to know my flight would
be canceled there's no way I could have
known that
hi trappers your plane it was supposed
to be at 6o predator predator hi hey
Oscar how's everything going great
yeah working away where you guys off
good bye Oscar do you like this hat is
my new hat
yeah do you like my case how cute is it
me sir it's pink pink pink pink who's
home
Oh
fifteen tell you that okay bye girls
goodbye Francine daddy
completely we're coming home for two
more minutes with those girls yeah we've
already airport
I just get out here yeah here's great
just grab my bag out of the back
alright the million dollar question will
I be able to get the boosted put on the
airplane and this backpack
so much stuff that's not so bad
well I was able to check in still got
the board security is going to be the
real test
thank you very much good
boosted board coming with me
I think I got to go I think my flight
boards in like like 20 minutes maybe it
takes off in 20 minutes
flights still delayed all right it's
really happening really porting getting
on the plane and skateboards now we're
gonna fit on that plane found a spot for
my ski we're gonna cornice of Federal
Aviation
three hours late for in the air
here sits here like seven it's almost
midnight now why did you this this is my
hotel this is my hotel room great room
long day
mister regular board black spray-paint
board spray paint
you
