what the hell is going on here how
exactly does it work stick the tube and
the baby's nose you go so all the snot
comes out because they hate those like
big plastic happy their snot sucker see
this see this this is a jacket this is a
sweater I haven't seen these guys since
May this is a Ravi and smoothie
it's Monday which means I'm once again
healthy
ah really sorry about this vignette Aang
then getting is see these but I can do
this better see these black marks at the
corner there there and there
that's called vignette and that's from
this lens doesn't belong on here I
borrow this lens from our friends I know
last couple days have looked weird
because of back in the office and a
switch lenses back ready three two one
looks better right
no more vignette ink this is what the
lens look like that I borrowed I mean it
still saved the day but it's not let me
return it
thank you thank you you saved me I've
done this weekend that's great it's
awesome what a good time I didn't want
your recaps yet but did you see any more
of Oscars video I haven't seen any more
of it I bet it's great it's under your
nose
said it before I'll say it again I just
love the people in this building that
was John he makes videos he loved me
that lens do you do you know what a
press embargo is in journalism and
public relations a present Bargo is a
request by a source that the news
provided is not published until a
certain date you know something but you
can't talk about it okay in this box is
this totally in this box is something
totally new it's a drone and it's the
it's the latest and greatest you're
supposed to put it in your pocket it's
got a 4k camera I'm not allowed to talk
about it or open that but well I guess I
could open the box I couldn't show you
until October 18th so far this press
embargo sucks
in other news my airplane seat movie
it's about to cross 20 million views
20 million that's insane that video has
been up for seven days 20 million views
in 7 days that's like 5 million views a
day I know it's not funny what that also
means which is not is that is now the
second most watched movie of all the 650
videos or whatever on my youtube channel
so I just want to take one second and
talk about viral videos now I have
touched on this before in this channel
but it's a popular subject it's
especially relevant since I just had
like a wildly viral video viral videos
viral videos are almost impossible to
predict they're low greens about to get
shot watch ready watch shoot mode green
right in the eyeball
dead viral videos are almost impossible
to manufacture to actually create now
the flip side of that is that nothing
can do for a YouTube channel what a
viral video can do for a YouTube channel
bike lanes which was like my first
really viral video on this channel it
blew my channel up in the 7 days since
I've released this 20 million view
banger I've gotten almost a half a
million new subscribers viral videos are
hugely powerful and that's why people
always pursuing them alright why did
this one go viral before I get into this
I would say this is why I think this
particular video went viral not a recipe
for viral videos in general a broad
abbreviated examination of why $21,000
first class airplane seat went viral
number 1 zeitgeist right now like this
idea of opulence and indulgence and
over-the-topness creates a climate where
a title that says $21,000 airplane seat
that's interesting that's compelling
what kind of a world we live in where a
one-way airplane seat costs twice as
much as the worldwide median household
income timing there's a lot of bad news
right now there's this US election which
is a mess there's the conflicts taking
place in the Middle East and Syria
there's global terrorism there's Isis
there's all these just terrible things
dominating the news cycle and when
something fun and a harmless and playful
and interesting and sort of newsworthy
pops up everybody just jumped on it
general this is something like a fancy
airplane see the whole world is
interested in this it was written about
in South Korea and a newsie ending and
in New Zealand it was written about in
Canada and it was written about in Saudi
Arabia this stupid story about an
airplane seat was general enough to
appeal to most of the world which is a
nice segue into the last factor
innocuous it was perfectly innocuous
there was nothing offensive or harmful
or bad about that video at all which
when it was safe for all the press
outlets and soccer moms that posted it
on Facebook and shared it ever there are
no swear words there was nothing gross
there is nothing yucky there was nothing
offensive about that to anyone when you
combine all those factors with like a
little bit of funny and interesting well
told
and then a lot of it of luck that's how
that viral video came to be
what's the matter pregnant waves you do
want Idol hopefuls now groceries are
expensive tonight here in the United
States of America is the first-ever
presidential election no first ever what
what did I say first-ever debate is the
first presidential debate where they
have the Republican nominee and the
Democratic nominee and then they battle
to the death we are having a debate
party at our house although it's not
much of a party because we only invited
five friends one of whom is pregnant so
it's sort of like we have six friends
we're going to go grocery shopping now
it's nice birthday we have to get them a
cake
the debate is at nine o'clock which I
think it's too late for dinner I think
people are going to be expecting snacks
Candace but Candace thinks everybody is
going to want dinner well this is what I
look like if our bald male pattern
baldness my friend's birthday tonight I
got to get him a cake I have the 6-inch
vanilla kids cake he's gonna be so
psyched about this cake Oh
dynomite thank you very much sir what a
good night we're gonna order a pizza and
then we got snacks and chips cookies and
cheese and
that big TV that's been sitting in the
corner of my office we don't have a TV
here at home I mean there's one in the
bedroom we would have a TV here that's
the debate TV so I gotta I gotta set it
up I'm just gonna put it on the floor
well I got it out of the box but it's
not together you got a TV set up feel
pretty good about it so now to get the
cable all the way out here coming up
from the bedroom
all right things didn't work out the
cable box doesn't work in the living
room so I was trying to run it from the
bedroom but the cable wasn't long enough
I'm trying to go to the store now the
debate starts in like 20 minutes plus
what's the likelihood the store is going
to be open
not what I need is like a 60-foot long
hdmi cable extension cord cable where
are they I don't see them maybe I can
take cable from the bedroom the cable
from the other bedroom connect them the
other with this cable run that from the
one bedroom for living room it's gonna
know about God they don't have a long
hdmi cable here with nine minutes to
spare birthday to you have babies asleep
- happy birthday - you already get it
you're not allowed to tell your wish
doesn't come true
yeah more importantly
