but do you thank you looks pretty dope I
want one of these I don't own a drone
yet I've been waiting for something like
this let's go we got to get you to
school go out the door oh the door
Mama's outside time for school it's not
working no Casey what are you doing that
you shouldn't heavens I have a very fun
morning today
so I'm going to a press event right now
like they have a bunch of members the
media there they announce something
important this press event is for one of
my favorite companies yeah now I know
there are now Tina drone today but I
don't know what just inside any right
hand side you have your lock up oh we
saw about KCI metal is for comparing me
to see it you two
thank you very much the event hasn't
actually begun yet they got a bunch of
drones over here but stuff we've already
seen a lot of Industry folks here some
members of the media free coffee but no
snacks I'm not going to make a big deal
out of it but there are no snacks I mean
it's not that big a deal
Wow hey Casey what's up dude if I had
please okay hi it's good to see you it's
good to see you as well maybe one time
we controlling together let's go in
together that would be so much fun this
is about to pop off on Japan will
commence shortly but now I'm excited to
tell you that that technology can
effortlessly fit in this backpack that's
actually not it's not back I like to
just carry it on me so I'm simply going
to tap to take off my Wow
did DJI just launch everything I've ever
wanted in a drone maybe first I'll do a
comprehensive review okay now for the
comprehensive review
huh seems pretty cool full disclosure as
always I'm not hired I'm not being paid
by DJI to make this video this is not an
endorsement or an advertisement for
their product if it sucks I'll tell you
it sucks all right so this is it this is
the drone with the battery put in it
fully extended but where it gets
interesting is what happens when you
fold this thing up this is the entire
drone right here this is it this is the
whole thing it's tiny maybe it might
even it literally fits can you see that
it literally fits in my pocket this is
the drone now despite the fact that it
fits into my pocket which makes me feel
like I'm living in the future it it
doesn't feel like a toy it doesn't feel
plastic it doesn't feel cheap this feels
more like a transformer like a Michael
Bay movie prop
heavy solid secure metal II not cheap or
light or plastic II that one thing
that's super cool about this is that you
never have to take the propellers off
see this is what they look like you
didn't even have to spread them apart
like that the centripetal force once
this thing starts spinning aligns them
perfectly on the Phantom 4 that was one
of the you always had to clip them on or
clip them off top to arms fold out like
this and then these bottom two arms they
fold down like this it's a the design
feels nothing short of just genius
I'm telling you like a transformer from
the future also even though the DJI
phantom4 is my main drone this thing is
a joke and I've told them that I don't
really understand the wind holds on to
your phone is like feels like it was
tacked on it feels way way bigger than
it needs to be and it's just not a very
ergonomic or like practical controller I
don't understand why this thing needs to
be so cute look it this controller is
the same size this rep but the new
controller that this thing the last
Hardware comparison I want to do before
I start playing with this thing is
comparing it to the Phantom 4 this is
the Mavic and this is the Phantom 4 I
mean the size difference is astonishing
alright this is like the stupidest thing
you could do but well I've never flown a
drone in this studio without either
getting hurt or braking the drone but
they really went on and on about how
this thing can fly well indoors so I'm
gonna give it like a quick try
Wow there's no GPS in here or anything
you just stick
I love the controller are you seeing
this look that's not CGI it's just
staying there in perfect position it's a
miracle
that is outrageous
oh hi that was highly impressive it just
went up in state in the exact position
so how these things work outdoors is
they use a satellite GPS to know where
to stay but when they're indoors there
are no satellites it's just like wow
okey-dokey
time for some real-world tests here now
first of all no backpack carried it in
this little pouch thing which honestly
this is an official DJI pouch but I'll
never use this pouch again doesn't need
all this extra like padding and fluff
now the setup arm out arm out arm down
arm down drone down
all right powering up hey shits on
controllers on every connect calibrate I
gotta calibrated this is always such a
buzzkill okay here we got ready to fly
eat somebody help me fill me something
to help fill I'll be filming I think
we're about to get in trouble
all right well this is a different pier
it's more deserted out here so the cops
don't come out here to bother you here
Shawn heads in it's on my help you film
yeah let's do this
the first voyage of the DJI Matic pro in
the wild not my office
yeah yeah it's gone Wow
feels good so far where is it I don't
okay the control feels really responsive
and actually prefer this controller to
the Phantom 4 controller I feel like
I've got much more precision control the
image is more narrow than it is on a
phantom like it's not as wide like the
GoPro is which is I like the wide angle
but I'm sure will yield a better image
it's far from me right now it's very far
and it is handling this like a champ
all right I got a warning that said high
wind velocity this thing is tiny how it
can handle this wind I don't know if the
image if the image of it when I look at
it on my computer if it's if it's 75% as
good as the Phantom 4 I'll never use the
Phantom 4 again in that stuff just nice
having this dual display because then
the phone becomes a monitor and up here
becomes all the critical data
this is an extremely complicated
maneuver because feel the wind hear the
wind I'm going to try to live be the
wind see the wind let's see how steady
it is in the wind
alright now you'll land it
hahaha so psyched about this thing man
oh wow
my official review for this thing is
that if the video that I'm about if the
video that's on this is even close to
what the Phantom 4 look like this will
be my new favorite drone and what I
think is the best one I've ever used
stay a little longer and nobody I have
to go home
that might be the coolant piece of
camera equipment I've ever used
I want to address the skeleton in the
cloud within the gopro karma versus DJI
Mavic I haven't had much time with the
GoPro so I have it on the forum of firm
opinion on it but I with the GoPro karma
is not just a drone it's an entire
system with the hand so I don't think
it's apples to oranges but they're
definitely playing in the Saints playing
the same problem in the same pool so
they both exist in the same world so it
will be interesting
