what's in there it is very early morning
in the Nystedt household this morning
we're leaving the city Candice's early
showered dressed packed and she's
brushing her teeth I haven't done any of
those things
on the airplane we're going on the
airplane today airplane Casey we're
going to snack for the baby before we
leave
I got this honey
are you serious there you go so it's the
baby me Candace and the two girls that
work for Candice who Candace is bringing
to help us babysit I think she was one
to bring her friends here we go here
they come those are the girls they're
coming they're right behind us
replying JetBlue today and even after my
whole first class Emirates experience my
favorite domestic airline follow mommy
okay scary oh did you think that I
didn't know her a little bit oh I was
just like starstruck by her hi girl if
you don't go to the back please leave my
guessing
yes let's do it did you get it what is
the protocol with Emily and Morgan are
they like nannies like they watch the
baby all the time are they more like
friends here to help a baby whenever we
need to be okay baby all right can we go
out at night and they watch the kid
great thank you
bye guys cute though
this is a 35 minute play we just took
off and now we're landing
thank you bye
nice here a Ford nice car we didn't all
fit
we had to commandeer a second vehicle
thanks Craig we are out here in
Nantucket Nantucket is an island off the
coast of Massachusetts I would like the
United States of America to purchase
property for me on that Tucket Island
it's not so far from New York City we're
out here in Nantucket for an event
called the Nantucket for an event called
the Nantucket project this is like a
gift bag that I got when I arrived here
then ticket projects like it's like an
event when they bring together a bunch
of smart people from all around the
world to discuss ideas and things like
that it lasts the whole weekend and when
they asked me to come speak here I said
I can't be away from my family they said
bring the family and that's why we are
all out here in lovely Nantucket for the
weekend I also realized on the airplane
that there are four ladies in one boy me
horribly outnumbered today
so this event the Nantucket project it's
like a three-day affair maybe it's a
four-day affair I'm speaking tomorrow
afternoon that's why we get in today
it's like a big thing there's a lot of
moving parts so I'm gonna go there now
see what's going on then come back and
check in with the family
I think BMWs a sponsor because they're
like 10 of those back to the future
mobiles driving around whoa
look at this location for an event
that's there
and then the events right there purple
lighting a lot of people in there a lot
of action in there all right so here the
keys look at these TL thank you let me
just I checked into the hotel my hotel
room came with a BMW they didn't
stipulate whether I have to give it back
when I'm doing the hotel room but for
now my hotel room came to the BMW very
excited about this very excited about
the whole thing
the nantucket project you should look it
up the guy who started it is a good
friend of mine it's a it's an amazing
event and it's such a big honor to like
be invited and be a part of it
especially because I got to bring the
whole family and I got to get the baby I
get the family gotta get the fit wife
got to get the bags gotta pack up got a
move gotta go to the hotel room very
exciting day
Wow I guarantee this is part of the
event
do you see that oh yeah it's gotta be
those people that's a while it's like a
tank mixed with a wheelchair what do I
do now
left yes you guys can push all the stuff
there literally right there let me show
you
Derick oh okay this is a very fancy town
and they stole a shopping cart to put
off I love you did you look like a
homeless people good luck ladies good be
fine
plenty of room go ahead red team is that
the boss up there there's a fireplace
kids what do you think of the digs
this place is ridiculous honey we have
to go there they go our babysitter's
with our babies
all right gentlemen thanks for the lift
right here let's go seem confident who
did we kick out of that house to get it
I think he was vacant for the last
couple of days right yeah we're very
excited about that place
that place is almost as nice as the
house that we have in my dreams you're
getting out there getting that taste of
reality yeah yeah a little taste oh yeah
oh yeah all right this is it bub out
here before there's a lot of people in
there there's a lot of interesting
things happening you ready
thank you I'm Wayne wire that guy made
all the sets for pee-wee's Playhouse my
favorite childhood like
so that guy was my friend come we're
doing who started this and they just
played his movie which was incredible
but he started this whole that it was a
good party
they had great sex and great drinks and
Candace had some wine have a good night
did you have fun time I did and this is
where our night ends locked out of our
hotel robbed her
it was good
we're young maple walnut or toffee
crunch shop may thank you
