he was a terrific guy exactly the person
you thought he was
fear selfish hello and welcome to this
very special edition episode of the
block we are about one month away from
the four year anniversary of Hurricane
sandy the worst hurricanes ever hit New
York City and today's episode is gonna
be about my experience during that night
where I show all this footage that I've
never really shown before of lower
Manhattan New York City completely
underwater a little refresher on October
29 2012 hurricane sandy hit New York
City now this was the second costliest
hurricane in US history and it already
left a path of destruction all the way
up East Coast but on the 29th it hit New
York City now I was here at the time I
lived in the East Village and we knew it
was coming
the forecast for a large and dangerous
storm surge is the same as it was this
morning and they like warned the whole
city they prepared us for an absolute
apocalypse and then like nothing
happened
tell me what you really think what tell
me we think about this storm I think
it's I think it's fun there was rain and
a little bit of wind but this is New
York City like we can handle it
then towards the end of the day I was
riding my bike back downtown on the
Westside Highway and I walked the river
just keep going up and up and up and up
ultimately getting towards the southern
tip of the island and I remember this
detail vividly the southern tip of the
island means like it's where you can see
all the water in the Statute of Liberty
so it's where all the news crews were
set up with their big lights and their
cameras and there was this one point
when the water came up over the
sidewalks then I watched all the news
crews pack up their stuff pack up their
van shut down their lights throw the
cameras in the van and take off
and they were all saying it's not safe
to be down here it definitely was not
safe to be down there but this is a
slightly younger slightly stupider
version of me I was also with my younger
brother who had just gotten out of the
military who convinced me that is like
superior military survival training
would keep us safe and then my equally
reckless hockey player friend Sean Abreu
is with us watches an apron and at that
point as the cameras abandoned southern
Manhattan
we'd ovet now when I say we'd owe then I
don't mean that as a figure of speech I
mean that well almost literally the
water started coming up faster than we
could have ever imagined definitely one
of those situations where people use
words like surge in you're like what
does that mean and a few minutes later
the waters in an entire foot
now the middle of the city was higher
ground and it wasn't wet but the edges
the edges were closest to the water
that's where we're on bikes
there was a moment when we saw a guy a
livery driver in his car who was stuck
any for a virgin
that was the only that was the only
touch-and-go moment of the night you can
leave
this was like a fancy bank building and
you can see the ATMs right there and you
can also see the people who work in that
building at the top of the escalator
now I haven't reviewed this footage in a
while but can you imagine being trapped
in that building and seeing three guys
on bikes in waist-deep water come up
with a window
this is South Street Seaport this is
where there are a lot of tall buildings
banks things like that this was the most
shocking part of the night
the water was literally at times chest
deep like this and there were no
emergency personnel anywhere no cops no
firemen there was there were nothing
power had gone out in parts of the city
we could see the fire engines all but we
were also very very alone this was the
West Side Highway this was an eight-lane
highway it was completely under water
from one side to the other
remember we got this fancier
neighborhood in lower Manhattan and
there was a car underwater there were a
lot of cars underwater but there was one
car underwater with flashing headlights
it was a Bentley
this is like a couple hundred thousand
dollar car and somebody had left it out
and it was submerged under water well
who has a Bentley and leaves it out in
one of the worst hurricanes in New York
City's history
good luck all right around midnight I
said goodbye to my little brother I said
goodbye to Shawn and my plan was to come
here to the studio and edit this video
like it was yesterday I remember riding
my bike down Broadway one of the busiest
streets in New York City and all the
power on the west side of the street was
out one side of the street pitch black
the other side was still lit the other
side still in power and that's where my
office was a couple blocks from my
office on my bike and all of a sudden
like all the lights on this side of the
street went out in that same moment for
the first time ever my phone got the
emergency alert and I scrambled to read
it and it said get indoors in that
moment for me was sheer terror it was
dead silent it was pitch black I was
completely alone in this city I've never
felt so vulnerable is weird but it's the
first time ever including Bob until now
first time ever I've been completely
alone in New York City in the absolute
darkness my flashlight was the only
source of light that was a moment of
absolute terror for me
Canada's not weren't married yet but I
set out on the mission to go find her
and I'm not waiting to her apartment I
saw a large group of people gathered
around this building I went and checked
it out the entire facade the entire
front of this building had collapsed
that was my last experience of the night
that's when I said this and I went in
found Candice and sort of hung up my
camera for the night if there was an
epilogue to this movie it'd be that I
was in fact the only one to get that
footage and because of that there are a
lot of companies that wanted it so I
ended up licensing the footage to HBO
Weather Channel national Geographics all
the news people and I took all that
money from licensing this footage and we
bought clothes and supplies and I then
donated them to the victims of the
hurricane okay this concludes today's
special presentation I hope you enjoyed
it
