success on YouTube still means a life of
poverty I'm reading to you from from
Bloomberg this is the lead of the
article this is the first sentence in
the article do your children dream of
YouTube stardom do them a favor crush
that ambition now this is an article
it's actually not a bad article in
Cristo Coll Walker I don't actually mean
it's about new research out of Germany
build as among the first to review the
chances of making it in the new
Hollywood ie making it on YouTube it
presents all kinds of objective data
like 96.5% of all of those trying to
become youtubers won't make enough money
off of advertising to crack the US
poverty line most of the story is about
objective data that quantifies just how
challenging it is to succeed on this
platform this whole article starts from
the premise that the only reason why
you'd want to be on YouTube the only
reason why you want to be a youtuber is
because of the financial upside and I
think that's absolutely ridiculous
I think to make a statement like that
let alone write an article like this
with that being your foundation is
insulting to this entire platform I'm
not naive to the fact that a lot of
people see YouTube as a cash register I
also know that there are a lot of
creators I think the majority of the
creators that I've come in contact with
who are first motivated by their own
desire to make things in and to share
their own ideas and I do I think it is
that fact that motivates a lot of new
creators to come to this platform and
people who otherwise wouldn't be
filmmakers or content creators or video
or TV people they're encouraged by what
they see here on YouTube to create
they're not just motivated by by a check
which is what this article kind of
insinuates that's my beef with the
article I will link this article below
there's a lot of interesting stuff in
there I really recommend you check it
out please do not send the author of
this article any negativity I disagree
with his premise but I do appreciate the
article
well I got you here while I'm doing a
little talking ahead video I thought I
would address the new the new YouTube
Partner and monetization thing where you
have to have a thousand subscribers or
four thousand hours of watch time in the
past year to monetize your channel I've
seen especially since the Robert Kinsel
interviews so many people have
approached me about what are my thoughts
on this that follows socialblade on
Twitter and they've just been tearing
YouTube to pieces about this ready this
says today's the day YouTube is as we
tweet removing everyone from networks
and removing monetization options if you
fall below the 1000 subs and $4,000 of
watch time in the past 365 days if you
survive today congratulations
hashtag YouTube Partner culling ouch
first of all I hate I hate what this
says to small creators I hate this idea
that it says to you if you have a small
channel a tiny channel that your content
doesn't have value and while it sucks
and it may be challenging for you it
doesn't mean your work isn't of value
and I know and I like to think that
YouTube knows that the next big
generation of creators in this platform
are people who right now have less than
a thousand subs that's where it starts
anything that you really want life is
always really hard to get and and
YouTube is no different so the hurdles a
little bit higher now but the
opportunity is still there and I end
this by by bringing up my friend Peter
McKinnon Peter's a huge youtuber now he
has a million seven subscribers his
contents fantastic Peter's channels like
13 or 14 months old a year ago I didn't
know him a year ago he had a little over
a year ago he had zero subscribers he
earned zero Adsense he had zero brand
deals he had no channel at all but he
started it he brought something new to
the channel he worked really hard he did
some interesting things to bring press
and attention to what he was doing on
the platform and now he is by all
definitions a successful youtuber so yes
it's harder and it's only gonna get
harder the opportunity is still there
it's definitely harder to succeed on
YouTube today than it was yesterday it
was harder yesterday than it was 12 days
ago or nine days ago before they started
this new policy but it's easier today
than it will be tomorrow
and it's definitely easier today in 2018
then it will be next year in 2019 and so
on and so on and so on
so if you're a dream let me rewrite this
article for it for this guy if your
children dream of YouTube stardom do
them a favor support that ambition now
if your dream is to be a youtuber do it
do not let this discourage you charge
ahead because the world of creativity
needs you all do not there is no try
