Christmas no not per Casey nice that so
perfect you Casey that's me thank you
thank you very much I know what's in
this box but to make this scene really
climactic and dramatic I'm gonna pretend
I have no idea what's in this box that
might be wrong I didn't know I'm pretty
sure I'm right I'm pretty sure I know
exactly what's in this box to the ISTEP
family season's greetings from your
friends at Emirates Airline oh you guys
know where I'm going with this one hey
that's pretty nice
I don't want this to come across as
ingrateful at all Emirates but this
whole premeditated scene would have been
much more climactic if my actual plane
ticket had been in this package no big
deal though in the absence of come on
panasonic just focus just but the
absence of the ticket I can just explain
to you what happened or what's going on
like a year ago I flew into Emirates
from here to Australia or something like
that
and they gave me a free upgrade on a
ticket that I paid for like I paid for
this ticket I mean I didn't pay for it
the company that was flying me to anyway
this ticket was paid for but they gave
me a free upgrade to first-class
I made a video about sitting in the
first-class seat which I'm sure you've
seen sits done 47 48 47 million views
cut - a few weeks ago ICM Business
Insider that Emirates has this new plane
with an even sweeter first class I want
to fly in that plane now look there is a
good argument that just because I made a
video once and just because I harassed
them on Twitter I'm not entitled to a
free airplane ticket I agree I happen to
be going back to Dubai for work this
week so like all the moons kind of
aligned I got in touch they got in touch
with me via Twitter and they're like
yeah we can make it happen so I will be
flying on that ridiculous new
first-class cabin very very soon there's
another tiny caveat here which is that
that plane doesn't actually fly from New
York to Dubai so I'm gonna go all the
way out of our way to go to Brussels on
my way to Dubai just so I can fly this
new airplane just so I can make a video
about it this is very exciting for me
y'all black suitcases look exactly the
same you gotta do something to
differentiate
excuse this non-sequitur but before I
embark on my voyage I want to talk about
YouTube for a minute the question I had
asked more than anything else about
YouTube is how do I make a successful
YouTube channel there is a very simple a
very simple answer to that do something
nobody else is doing and do it really
well but that's a hard answer to hear
because even though that's simple in
concept and execution that is maybe the
hardest thing there is to do and it's
for that reason that I appreciate
creators like like david dobrik who
introduced like an entirely new genre to
the the comedy space on youtube or like
my friend peter McKinnon who introduced
like a different production style to
vlogging every once in a while there's a
unicorn that is someone I see on YouTube
who just like blows my mind a creator
doing something that is so new so fresh
that like it makes me question my own
creativity because it's not just a new
take on an existing genre it's not just
doing the same thing other people are
doing but better it's it's completely
new from every perspective so this is me
talking about my new favorite youtuber
her name's Ellie the mill as an amber
channel but she is someone who I think
is pushing the boundaries of YouTube
creating content that's just brilliant
like really not just complicated but
very well done productions but like
really intimate and intricate and
brilliant narratives and subject matter
including like some of our more silly
videos that are just sort of like jokes
or pranks the complexity and depth with
which she approaches even that kind of
content is something that there is like
not a lot of on this platform
now when I try to think of what it is
that makes a creator like Elle so
special it really begins with the way
she's able to authentically be herself
on camera I feel like the person I see
on screen is the person that I might
know in real life that's the kind of
thing that seems really really easy
there are very very few youtubers who
can do that well including me I struggle
being on camera the person that the
person that I am in real life being
yourself well hard is one of the things
that you can do on YouTube to really
differentiate your content from other
people's people don't always copy your
style or your look but they can never
copy you being yourself sounds like it's
an obvious thing to do on the platform
but it's not and it's hard you see other
people other creators that are
successful you want to emulate them and
you end up you end up putting on a
facade of who you are end up
thank you you end up coming across as
disingenuous
something you're not
so now if you see this video keep up the
great work you everyone a collab let me
know I just fly up to Canada and hang
out with you or maybe you want to come
to New York City we could do something
interesting together big fan here
