are you kidding me Jeep a kid Oh what is
that you break it or did you move it
I just moved it I never do this but it's
a noon o'clock on a Tuesday and I'm just
finishing my run I think it's just the
like leftover jet lag
I like 1:00 in the morning I'm so full
of energy I mean a
the trouble with an abundance of jet lag
fuelled energy at 1:00 in the morning it
means about like seven eight in the
morning just like a slaw so I'm just I'm
just getting a super-duper late start to
no big deal but a late start do you
remember when right before I left on my
trip Carly and I were making like this
video and the blog was sort of like the
behind what she looks like without heels
on and this would I look like their foot
sloppy ass just kidding I'm standing out
of it so I just saw ruffcut of it and
this is like a Casey vlog videos this is
like a real production video something
for Samsung and I thought is really like
those boring video ever it's it's us
explaining how to use the hardware
Samsung a probably Matt they heard me
say that anyway I just saw a rough cut
it's great I'm so excited about it I'm
seeing a lot of comments about people
saying that I haven't done like a
regular episode in a while I was
traveling and then I made those videos
about what it was like to be on the
airplane and then yesterday I made two
videos but one was about New York City
and one was about gear and I haven't
done like a normal blog in a while so
let me do that right now
I'm missing my co-pilot the hardest part
of traveling for me is being away from
Candace I mean I miss the family I miss
work the city everything it's not just
that she's my best friend Candace is
kind of like my only friend I when I
don't have her around I just kind of
freak out
you know that thing that old people say
where it's like something something
something is how you find out who your
real friends are let's still make it
some kind of meaningful and pretty smile
is natural
yes let's do that I'll know the minute I
see it I mean I love radient-cut
personally love that Francine's teacher
we're so worried she's gonna get thrown
out of school for being a bad kid okay
are they going to throw her out of
school now which is that she's very
respectful oh wait are Francine she says
she's patient with the kids at the
tables so she's a good kid a good kid
is this a fancy school first or can we
go
Oh
it's a
this is not a fancy sneaker store this
is a fancy shoe a story of shoelace
premium aglet Italy will listen again
I had the like white jean that's what
you got right now but you promised me
coffee
more pleased they really just want to
sneakers now I just want to hang out we
had plans to get coffee but then I ran
out of time looking at shoelaces
can we go out or something for the baby
did you buy two guys or chips not
considered fun is this our whole day I
heard you had a meeting at 4:00 figuring
out that was a terrible date we were
late pick me up you later bye Morgan I
have not done mail time in a while you
know I got like a whole bunch of
packages from companies and I know they
just want me to promote their product
and then when I open it I feel guilty
like I have to promote their product but
every once in a while there's a company
that I want to help promote all right my
boosted board was taken from me at the
airport in Australia
by the way chill out you guys attack the
Sydney Airport on Twitter and the poor
like can you imagine the social media
for the Sydney Airport us like filled
all these angry tweets about in any
event in addition to losing my boosted
board I lost to boosted board bag which
was a piece of and I'm glad that
it's out of my life in the meantime this
guy named Mark he wrote me a letter it's
not much of a company it's really just
like him this is like one guy this is
the opposite of a big company and he's
trying to make like the ultimate boosted
board bag and I gave him all this
feedback all right zippers feel strong
now the feedback I gave you mark was do
not dwell on the padding has received a
super-tough and the package deals
appropriately kick hey are you driving
already ok I'll be down in four and a
half minutes alright but one thing I
love the bag is no bigger than the board
there's absolutely no need for extra
space inside of the board bag and I feel
like you nailed that which makes for a
much much smaller bag okay right off the
bat so if I may give you some critical
feedback who are you kidding with these
zippers here the main zipper is the
correct strength these zippers on the
pockets these are like little baby
zippers this is not the structural
integrity needed on a big bag these
handles here seem robust also I like
that this fabric here is vertical versus
a horizontal angle the horizontal angle
puts unnecessary stress at the joint
which makes it tear this is solid liking
this I like this a lot mark alright the
backpack straps are genius and look
these d-rings here in this plastic clip
here the weakest link cold weather is
going to make this plastic brittle
tossing around I'm gonna lift the bag up
like this one day
and this whole thing's in a snap off
it's that kind of like initial
impressions Oh psyched on this now I'm
super psyched on this alright if you are
a booster board owner I need one of
these bags go check out board bag at
board bag CEO
I got to go Kenneth's outside waiting
for me but if you want to know why I'm
so willing to promote something like
this this is the email from the guy who
sent it to me I'm a one-person show
right now if you have any feedback or
suggestions let me know Mark Wilson at
board back
this is his company I love the
entrepreneurial spirit I love people
that start and do things and mark I wish
you the best luck with your company and
I dig your product 500,000 natural car
seat before we go upstairs I was just
gonna I just turning on the camera so I
can say what what can we do tight that's
special we're gonna install a car seat
before we go upstairs
always like a hundred pounds she still
doesn't face forward correct
are you kidding me a kid Oh what is that
you break it you broke it telling you
you're wasting your time getting the
baby deck 1 you read it what is an anti
rebound bar now how does one do this
this part I need ha quick call the radar
got it got it
open both this is a car seat made for
babies why or how to be this complicated
we're on page 7 of the instructions
right now how doesn't look come from
over here just hold on there another
last year that doesn't feel right what
do we do Candice putting Francine to bed
you know it's not the fancy flight we're
all the fun travel my favorite thing in
the world is this being home being my
office being with the family
like ketchup or is it like a brand of
thought like is there XYZ sriracha sauce
or is it just no I think it's the name I
think it's like Tabasco
