that's the UH that's a GoPro karma and
play right there okay
report through some real tests now
everybody
here today's entire episode is going to
be about gear tomatoes Francine's first
day at school by herself oh my god
gear I haven't talked about gear in a
while this entire episode is gonna be
focused on gear if you're not interested
in camera gear come back tomorrow for a
regularly scheduled programming now my
thesis on gear is pretty straightforward
I've shared it with you a million times
I always want the very best image
possible so long as it doesn't get in
the way of me living my life or doing my
thing now what that literally means is
like this like when I walk into I walk
into an airplane and I'm carrying my big
vlogging camera which looks like this
the flight attendant says hey you can't
have that there's no filming in here it
gets in the way when I walk onto an
airplane holding this nobody sees a
thing they just assume that I'm a nerd
who likes to talk into a camera and
there are other places where you just
can't bring a camera in - I just use my
cell phone that's what I mean by the
best image possible as long as it
doesn't get in the way just of this
whole thesis is that this five thousand
dollar camera is often not as good as
this $1500 camera and this $1500 camera
is often not as good as this $500 camera
less good than this $200 camera and this
200 camera at times is not as good as
the camera on my cell phone you see when
the story is king and the story is
always king these things just serve this
story and whichever one of these can
tell your story the best is the best
camera now I've said all of this before
why am i repeating myself today today is
a very special day today is well in the
world of drones now if you're a longtime
viewer of this show you'll know how
conflicted my relationship has been with
drones
I still use this like toy drone because
of its convenience this was the only one
that fit into my backpack the image
quality on that thing is like a bad cell
phone camera but this thing's been
amazing it produces incredible results
it looks like I've got a helicopter
following me around it's not super
manageable in fact this is a regular
backpack and this is the pack that's
meant to carry the Phantom 4 and it's
kind of the only way to keep but it's
like the only way to keep it safe now
going back to where I started about
having the gear get in the way of you
telling your story I gave up on keeping
that thing safe and I just take the
propellers off and crammed in my normal
sized backpack that is in part the
reason why I have 1 to 7 broken ones
what is the best answer to like the
camera conundrum but with drones I don't
know and I don't know if it's been
answered yet but today GoPro announced
their new drone and maybe that's it
oh what can it be
Gorna far less so much more than a drone
now I happen to have one right here so I
thought will you take a look just as a
disclaimer this is not a commercial for
was paid for by or as an endorsement of
anything for GoPro they just gave me the
opportunity to check out this early
prototype so this this is the actual
drone itself this here this is the
battery fully charged battery into drone
feels pretty good now the magic the
drone wings actually just flip out on
this so this big guy collapses down to
something far more manageable even with
the propellers on there something big
here that's different is the fact that
instead of having a instead of having a
fixed camera this actually just has a
GoPro on the front and I don't know if
that better or if that's worse because I
haven't flown this sucker yet but now
just for a quick size size comparison
you can see here the manageability is
favors the GoPro in a big way because
the cameras on the front here I mean the
legs could actually be smaller and fold
out on the bottom because they're not
responsible for protecting the camera
like here all right and this is the
gimbal here this is what keeps the image
totally steady gimbal here gimbal here
but this is what GoPro did that's
totally next level ready the gimbal
actually okay you turn this like this
and then just slide it out the gimbal
just pops out you take this little guy
and then you've got a handheld gimbal
that gets totally steady handheld
footage and it's the same it's the same
this is the same gimbal that works with
it's the same gimbal that works on the
drone I can now use and attach to stuff
I'm now going to pack up the drone take
the gimbal skate to somewhere where I
can find fly the drone and test the
gimbal
also I didn't show you the controller so
I haven't used it yet but one day I'm
totally psyched about it doesn't need a
phone like this is the whole touchscreen
here controls here buttons here buttons
here it's kind of like a gigantic
Gameboy
all right drone and backpack there this
is the custom custom backpack that it
comes with now I'm going to try
something alright I'm going to try to
skate there with this thing on with this
thing on my chest
alright this little guy right here it's
stabilized and it's rolling
stabilization jest on cobblestone being
able to stop the entire stabilizer to my
chest pretty cool
all right full disclosure this is the
maiden flight
my maiden flight probably the universe
maiden flight of a GoPro camera in the
wild I've read no instruction manuals
and I've had no instructions on this
thing here's what we're dealing with
here I got the nice screen up ya know
just get up take off I'm loved one guy
rode by
here we go q1
we go
one
Oh bear this thing is fast
okay is far okay it was like businesses
like the only GoPro karma prototype on
planet earth right now and I've got it
like a mile from me things uptown okay
bring it back got 21 minutes left in
this flight so I think it's time to step
it up a little bit and try something a
little bit more complex that is the
operating the drone while flying the
boosted board this is my first time on
this thing so this will be telling all
right wish me luck
so that's it that is the first look at
the GoPro karma drone system stable that
was an unfinished product the software
wasn't finalized so I'm gonna reserve
giving you my judgment on it but I can
say this it's very very exciting that
that is where things are headed like in
one backpack is essentially like a 4k
Steadicam a helicopter with a stabilized
tip like if you had told the younger
version of me that I would have all of
that available to me in a backpack I
wouldn't believe you all right pull this
closure here by the way I already warned
you push the red button here this is
Colin from GoPro he's sort of been
supervising my visit today with the
prototype karmas I've been telling him
like don't tell me how to use this let
me figure this thing out but these are
but I don't get to keep these when do I
get one
so we said today they'll be available on
October 23rd when I said I didn't get
any instructions or anything I mean it
when I said that I had not been given
any instructions I really wanted to try
this thing without anybody teaching me
how do thank you for letting me play
with it my pleasure thanks for showing
up we always love sharing stuff with you
Casey
I'm very impressive to ride a boosted
board got a little practice
