beautiful day for a run here in Sydney
just to be careful the drivers here are
super super reckless
welcome to Australia good morning in
Sydney its 651 in the morning
sun's out I definitely don't feel like
it but I'm going for run what a great
city to run in right god it's incredible
look it's the Opera House and then
alright I made the other side of the
bridge a little further than I thought
look the Opera House where I kind of
started is all the way over yeah and
then I went all the way over here upon
the bridge over the bridge down and
around through some sort of winding
amazing water path to here and this is
when I found myself look at this water
look how clear this water is Sydney if
you want to learn about pollution you
can come to New York City we can teach
you a thing or two
alright now to take a self do it you
want a selfie I had a little loss on the
run this morning but is a great great 7
miles
Hotel breakfast is my favorite kinda
breakfast and the Intercontinental here
in Sydney not messing around it's a lot
morning guys all right so this is
another rehearsal right it is your last
one I didn't need the first one thought
about what the talk I've got the tall
right it's locked in I just only talking
to an empty room it makes me feel like
I'm talking into a mirror well they'll
be chairs and stuff this time okay
thanks for - is one of the most
recognizable faces on YouTube in fact he
has the fastest growing YouTube channel
ever and has just passed 1 billion views
last week buddy Hellmuth snowboarded
through New York City this is a boss at
Epic Brian footage and recently won the
GQ Man of the Year award dress rehearsal
thus concludes rehearsals - now get out
of this dark scary backstage area I'll
see you guys later
10:45 now we'll be back here at 4
o'clock this afternoon which gives us
like five and a half hours to do
something meaningful Spain Australia
Spain on Jessica
ready
the event tonight is being hosted by
these big Australian youtubers called
Mighty Car Mods we ran into them
rehearsal and they invited me us we're
going to hang out with them yo yo yo hey
brother cut there hey buddy thanks
pounded by a song yeah what do you want
I see like what do you want to ride
first what do you want to experience how
much does it weigh 40 kilos I don't know
the kilos
oh my god how's their house like 65 70
pounds baby but that's in it's like
folded down position should this thing
yeah yeah will you fill yeah alright
okay alright so now handlebars come up
that's it it feels like very Brooklyn
huh no no no this is this lunette twist
that to lock it in now you can pop the
seat up by pulling this tab oh yeah
you're making out all the pigs out they
look cool yeah man yeah you're cool but
this is 1981 come on how do you want how
ahead of its time is it well I mean
clearly too far ahead of its sign since
nothing's come out since 1981 that makes
us 35 years old how do you have two of
them in perfect condition um we the
other thing we have as a trait view is
the fastest car you've ever been in no
it's not that's what I'm doing every
Indian air doing yes yeah we saw that
video we show that video else is faster
that's got it his stuff now okay back
left my baby dying in Iran so make it
this car just doesn't look like it but
wow you were just like hustle street
racers in this thing not in the street
but I do take to the drag strip which is
a lot of fun start this thing up let's
hear it
arts matey cover your ears you can ride
by keyboard
why now
and right there right there something
happened to my microphone and for the
rest of the day I've got notes I don't
want you to feel bad Blair I know as an
accident no no hard feelings whatsoever
but all of the footage shot there after
has no audio in it what so ever and not
a terribly huge deal I don't have a
microphone for the rest of this trip so
things might sound a little echoey from
here on out but ah but I hope you don't
feel that Blair
all right I'm supposed to meet Jessica
downstairs 15 minutes ago the event the
whole reason why I'm here the reason for
all this travel is tonight well it's in
like an hour and yeah I got to go meet
the girl Thank You them when Blair
crashed into my camera
he broke my microphone and all the audio
after that moment is I was Brighton on
appreciate it I'm not gonna see you
again
oh I'll see you tomorrow okay see you
tomorrow I'll miss you I'll see her bye
guys yeah well you spelled my name right
which I appreciate but I'm pretty sure
that subscriber counts off just can't
keep up with your meteoric subscribers
ladies make me beautiful are your
backstage this is the greenroom we're
getting ready interesting development on
the microphone front road microphones is
headquartered here in Sydney and I am
and they're sending someone here with a
new microphone soon so right now how
there's all this background noise it
will soon be resolved
no I know I didn't tell you so you feel
that I know you didn't mean to break my
microphone I wasn't going to tell you at
all I'll buy you another one man no it's
not about the money it's about the fact
you destroyed this entire episode but
what matters is that you don't feel bad
their comeback I'd like what matters
that you don't feel bad because this
will still be like a this video will
still be a solid see - shame on us but
would it would have been an a but I lost
all the audios are you kidding me right
now
special delivery rode microphones you're
completely saving my life you believe
these people they're so nice Australia
people here so nice so nice did I can't
believe you came all the way out here
would have been here really a man sir
you are the absolute lifesaver
microphone test microphone test this is
onboard mic switch to rode mic all the
comments you like I could tell a
difference but I'm sure this sounds that
I'm crazy
alright so nice to me yes Holly Holly hi
Katie
hey Lena nice hey Lena
where's my holding cell back here I just
asked for a room so I could be by myself
before after you go out there and talk
in front of all these people and they
cleared out the entire makeup room look
at the size of this space it's just
because you have to focus
before you can like talk and there's so
much going on it makes it hard to focus
that's what this is about I know I made
a big fuss about getting that room
downstairs but I actually find it easier
to focus and concentrate up here so I'm
going to sit up here and prepare for my
top I don't know why I find it more
comfortable to be up here but I just
find it easier to focus and sort of find
my Chi being up here instead of instead
of being alone I can't place what it is
any thoughts
every long time that was I think their
focus all right this is it I'm going out
wish me luck I'm done how did I do
so killed it giving you eternity and if
I suck yeah Iggy azalea's about to go
perform
she's killing us they can't announce
game always starts the same for us we're
both down a plate and somehow you so
this is an extremely important
Australian iconic snack this is called a
lamington both guys little that's like
with funky without the filling
what's a Twinkie if God
