labor eating acceleration test number
five go
so much fun
I
35 degrees out there have exactly 11
hours here in Dubai before my connecting
flight to Sydney I plan on taking
advantage of every second of it
happy birthday thank you it's a little
humid here lenses fogged up but this is
all right here when I'm to the Ferrari
oh my god did you crash it yeah the f12
yeah
what's on the agenda for today yeah so
today we are flying like six hours six
hours we gotta go
good
so this is summer and divine we have
summer and health now we're in the
healthy for the rest of the year so
we'll have anything else
we met in Dubai a year a year a year or
something ago but I found out today that
I had this layover here at divine shot a
quick text that was what like six hours
ago that you were stressing me I
was like man okay now we need to do
something cool cases here it's your
birthday birthday and it's a holiday
I've always wanted to do that shop of
the Lamborghini and Dubai you spend a
lot of time in shopping malls because of
the good air conditioning yeah it's held
during this summer this is the only
place we have controlled temperature
hold in here man okay mine is for I told
you I'm not about an hour hour and a
half into my layover and we're at the
mall skiing
nothing special though
we're almost at the top I am absolutely
crazy and I didn't really gloves is so
cold and I'm definitely going to fall
because I haven't on a snowboard in a
couple of years - that time in New York
City they get the Mets - you look good
nope never mind I take it back don't
feel good conditions are good today here
in Dubai this is without a doubt the
best ski mountain I've ever been on in a
shopping mall together get your cookin I
fell
it fell hard they hit my head
thank you
I'm snowboarding down with this gigantic
it whoa it's not like I'd be really
careful with it
that is a wrap on Ski Dubai
mainly because I'm freezing my ass off
like you couldn't imagine okay fine my
god see your vents is getting
did you see what I tell how many
supercars have you crashed oh my god
honestly yeah honestly how many
supercars did he crash only two three
three sorry yeah three Gianna Hey look
what couple but what cars were they it
was a Aventador actually unfortunately
and Freud four five eight and a bmw m3
when you guys get mad at me for breaking
my cameras just picture this guy right
here breaking his leg where are we at
ten dr. Falks you've got the ocean on
the right side you know that that palm
thing you know here let me just show you
you leave a drone
you
it's like SuperDuper hot out here and I
asked Arash if there was a way we could
go swimming or something so
it's like swimming in a bowl of it's
like swimming a gigantic cappuccino and
the water is so hot like it's getting
boils on my scooter you're not expecting
I know I'm not gonna get some refreshing
water like my feet
this is the instructor here he has a
unique style of flyboarding he really
likes to form out there if you can see
him blowing kisses to the cameraman
break from the action for lunch
I think we're going to go skateboarding
now
I realized I have been given much
context exactly what's going on and
Dubai today mainly because I didn't have
any context I called a rush yesterday
and was like I'm coming to Dubai for
like a couple of hours tomorrow and when
I shot this morning is like I've got a
great day plan for us and yeah we've
just been realizing all of his crazy
ideas he put so much effort into them I
just I just don't think it's fair to say
a rush I don't want to drive behind a
Lamborghini on a skateboard while
attached to a gigantic red rope across a
bridge that we're not supposed to be on
back back back three two one stop all
right stop
well we've been out here shooting with
the Lambo and the rope and the
skateboard and everything's been pretty
cool so far but yeah you come just
without either permission how he hasn't
called the police yet
he's just private security Harrah she's
doing a very good job of speaking to him
respectfully and politely politely with
the hopes that he will I hope he just
lets us go
as he followed us I thought you were
dealing with him really politely and
appropriately we're on the bridge
skateboarding behind Lamborghini just
like normal people do get some good
shots having a good time like everything
is wrong
that's how my mom used to talk to her I
was a kid
despite the extraordinary amount of
trouble we got in at the end of the day
and today was a smashing success and I'd
like to thank you or us for showing me a
great time here and Dubai anytime I'm
sorry I got you in all that trouble
Maury this ceramic pro here
that's a Raj's company see he has a
company where you like tricks out
supercars like this one when he gets to
borrow these cars from fancy people
that's accurate right that's correct but
sometimes you crash them it happens so
but not today
did everyone look here I all thank you
for an awesome day thank you so much for
coming to the bye buddy hey W interested
your God so I find this video began with
me saying at a short layover in Dubai
and it's ending with me going to sleep
in Dubai I had a little too much fun
today and I missed my flight but I had a
great time here
