don't use how much how much do you want
to buy this one for you got paint all
think that way
I miss Francine I miss Candice I miss
these New York City runs I love it here
I just missed it I missed this city like
you'd miss a person I like yearn for I
was like sad to be away from it
seeing as seeing us today is my first
day back in the office
I really wanted to do a are you excited
about the new iPhone ah I used to get so
excited about iPhone announcements and
this one iPhone 7 I I don't think I can
do it I'm not ready I love this little
guy too much all right I'm so much to do
today because today is my first day back
and I have so much stuff to catch up on
a lot of it a lot of those errands that
I need to run are outside of this office
all right I know I was just like
harshing on Apple and stuff but this is
not workin straited this is a bunch of
electronics and stuff sent to me from my
peeps at Samsung like new headphones and
stuff and new memory card I'm actually
going to be doing another big awesome
360 project with Samsung soon all right
I gotta go I gotta meet it
just fell off my skateboard hard broke
my microphone
I fell so hard look like camera of a
cellphone
broke with cell phone right now
look at that this is what I hit so much
that's much deeper than it looks like my
my elbow
this lens ah this lens is totally broken
totally broken I was going like 2 miles
an hour I was going super slow ready I'm
going really slow like this forward boom
just like that like nice and slow nice
and slow
BAM see you over
that's uh
this thing is just dominated looking
it was like going and somebody just like
yank the board out from under me
thinking of hurt not gotten what I've
only fallen off this thing a couple
times it's always what I'm doing really
slow did I fall oh did I just fall off
my skateboard so hard look at my elbow
oh oh no this just happening fall yeah
oh we got more I smashed my samsung
phone and these guys are all with
Samsung so kind of an appropriate
meeting alright sorry I'm late nearly
done with our meeting here this camera
lens seems to be working even though
it's all smashed up Kelsey made me put
band-aids on my elbows she said it was
gross and her out
I just met a lovely young lady named
Raquel Raquel nice to meet you that
meeting was like four hours long and
really important there was like blood
running down my arm really embarrassing
doing
what's up how's it going to see you not
one of these toys right here you have
one full of attic 12 really yeah alright
when you know they can is any one of
these lenses look at this you're
breaking everything I just fell off my
skipper look at my elbow this is as
close to pornography as I will show on
my panel this is what you call camera
pornography look at these these show up
in an armored vehicle no but it was
heavily guarded for those of you not in
the know the Canon 5d Mark four is like
the newest latest greatest benchmark in
camera
this is the old lens thank you all right
Thank You Savior
million dollars isn't cool you know it's
cool you
a billion dollars
that's right a billion my
youtube-channel just crossed 1 billion
views 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 billion now
I don't know really what or if that
means anything but I just remember years
ago reading in the New York Times an
article titled the girl with a billion
views it was about youtuber jenna
Marbles hi Jenna and how she had accrued
1 billion views and when I read that I
was like my god that is an infallible
number there are only 300 million people
in the United States of America there
are only 7 billion people on the entire
planet in this one young lady via her
YouTube to have 1 billion views and
today I cross that threshold thank you
all 1 billion of you or 100 of you who
have each watched 10 million views or
1000 of you who have each watched 1
million views 1 million of you who have
each watched thank you today I want to
do a special 1 billion view Q&A I
haven't done a Q&A in a while I'm
getting a lot of requests for it so here
we go Gina what single video made the
most impact in terms of those 1 billion
ok the most impactful video from me was
a movie I made called bike lanes linked
right there bike lanes was the first
movie I made when I started my own
YouTube channel that truly went viral on
YouTube demonstrated to me the power of
YouTube this one video in two days did
more views than my entire HBO series did
for the life of the show and that blew
my mind
that affirmed my thinking that YouTube
was where I wanted to direct my focus
for the future do you think you could
achieve a billion views this fast
without the vlog no chance there's just
no way that you can get those kind of
numbers without uploading a lot of
content what video are you the most
proud of
I'm the
was part of a movie called my kid in me
it's this like 22 minute epic I made
about Owen John Barnes what's your
biggest advice for filmmakers I'm 13
years old don't waste your time with
film school we are at a place right now
in this genre where you can buy a camera
or you can use your cell phone to make
videos that will reach tens of thousands
or millions or hundreds of millions of
people you don't need the formalities of
filmmaking that they teach in school
instead take the money that your parents
or you or you would borrow to go to film
school take that money and spend it on
living life this is very much like
Verner Hertzog's theory around
filmmaking spend that money spend those
resources on experiences because
filmmaking is not about the craft it's
not about the camera it's not about the
year it's about telling stories and
sharing experiences and sharing
perspectives and if you're only
perspectives in life are the ones your
professor taught you in film school
you're gonna have a really tough time
making something people care about I am
very much Pro academia I am by kids in
college right now and I could not be
more proud of him it is film school that
I take issue with no one can teach you
how to be a storyteller you have to live
to be able to do that how are you
celebrating I'm not I'm not celebrating
I'm making this video and then I'm just
putting my head down and I'm making more
videos I believe in like benchmarks and
I'm proud of 1 billion but with each
success comes a bigger more ambitious
with each success comes a bigger and
more ambitious goal and this success
just motivates me to do more do more on
YouTube do more in life create more make
more reach more people last questions I
think it's romantic how much credit do
you give Candice on those 1 billion
views about 950 million of those 1
billion views I got after I married
Candice having a support system like a
family is absolutely instrumental in
keeping focus in working hard and
everything that contributes to your
success to my success yeah I mean don't
tell her I said this right credit
Candice would like all of my success but
don't tell her I said that it'll go
straight or at
oh yeah I've got that what I was riding
my skateboard really slowly and powders
go into a pothole and I crashed I broke
the Rolex what do I do
I Stanley so how's everything going I
just cool - Sarah hello so what do we do
about this thing take Rolex I don't
understand there's no cracks or anything
me neither but it must have hit pretty
hard look at my elbow how swollen it is
we're having a picnic again tonight
that's not my family
what's up we're boarding the family
picnic there are bugs and there's like
goose it everywhere I'm sorry the picnic
failed epic epic fail I tried really
hard to make it special I know is it
good but it was a good try
fell so hard so hard fell
