right what did you do I mean I wear
dollars come from already this is your
lunch this is just me
Terri's episode gonna be a little
different today
all day I'm going to be shooting a video
I'm not going to be shooting it there's
like a proper production crew that's
going to be shooting it but it's like a
tutorial video about how to shoot a 360
video and the really fun part is that
I'm teaching my friend how to do it it's
a fairly logistical complicated shoot -
so it's like they've scheduled literally
10 hours to do the whole thing I mean
it's going to be fun but it's going to
be a long day little spot housekeeping
what hey I am oh my god this is the
messiest hotel room I've ever seen I
can't even take credit for it it's not
mine I give you a kiss I'm scared to
touch you a walk
girls
what how do I describe what goes on in
this room a lot of tapping a lot of
typing a lot of clothes this is where
she tries to light this is where fashion
weekends to life just so this is like
we're makeup and styling and clothing
and and penny and penny get ready and
we're shooting one scene in here Kylie
do you understand your lines nope
we haven't made a youtube video together
in a long time really I know I need to
get you know case yeah I am only like
known by people on the street because of
your videos so sorry about that
can I come over from mailtime I know we
should do another nail cutter it's a big
camera Brett got a big job to you this
is it
first shot me last chance no cuz Carly
we're not going to be using like the
full 360 image from this Sun this okay
are you good yeah you good yep
okay sounds neat sounds beats camera is
rolling
yeah year I can just keep talking this
how do you top that first shot with that
it's great I killed it I can't speak to
you were good yeah Charlie's a bit of a
one-take wonder she she's good
we just wrapped in that chute upstairs
you're like 20 minutes now before we go
to our next location taking advantage of
a little work time but now we shoot
outside which is fun but it's like the
hottest day of the year out so it's
gonna be sweaty and gross I don't mind
but she's the one with the makeup Casey
yeah she wanted to write in another car
country bitch
filming it here no I'm gonna meet you
guys there oh I missed it because there
you don't mind if I skip one there do
you it's not that I like you I just like
my spanning both what about me why you
know I'm just doing this because you
made me feel guilty
Carla well I'm good at guilt tripping
maybe I should pay for it and I'll jog
alonside we just finished this location
and we have our Posse here but there's
also this like creepy paparazzi guy
right moving right the irony that
paparazzi hate so perfectly he's hiding
right gender car
yeah he's not with us but he keeps
hitting our picture maybe we should just
put him in the video him yeah maybe you
shouldn't try the kale why are we moving
we aren't go let's go we're waiting on
the bikes this scene is the two of us
riding bikes cuz Carly's not good enough
to ride a boosted board what wouldn't
well first of all I mean is good enough
to do anything she sets her mind to I
just figured bikes would be more
graceful and that's true more ladylike
also it's fashion week and I am a klutz
and I would feel screw and break it can
we talk about what happened yesterday or
is that too embarrassing you know I
already run up you did already bring it
up so what had happened was I on set
yesterday was jumping around like an
idiot
and fell back onto a bed bounced up hit
my head on a table and have a bit of a
minor flesh wound look just a fashion
week casualty look at that bruise during
Fashion Week how are you gonna walk the
runway with that egg on your head what
are you talking about that's in fashion
we're gonna ride bikes now Harley is
already on our bicycle Brett's gonna
strap himself in the docket is minivan
with some rope you good ride I'll block
traffic we got it we got it we got it
get both the best Calot and my mom's
gonna come for you see class will come
we just finished the shoot where we're
on bike and the next scene is like 25
blocks away in Carly not me
Carly was like let's just bike there you
gotta get some fresh air great I've
never done this before
don't do that paparazzi update they have
followed us to the West Side Highway
there they are
you're a superstar
it's really making me uncomfortable I
don't like hanging out around you KC
come on Charlie we're at the wrong
location completely wrong side of the
city we're supposed to be at somewhere
else seaport soup or that's an hour
drive
we're going for a drive get over there
yeah we just got Reese landed we're at
the right location now after riding all
the way across thanks charlie all the
way across town that was super efficient
what are you talking about yeah we did
get worked out in the car
how'd you guys make out in the snack
mobile so many snacks
what are you doing college is elevator
Bank 48 yes we're going to wherever the
retirement systems at olive they are
well we're now to headquarters of Hugo
Boss Carly's doing a fitting and this is
like the second to last shot or
something like that
now she's dancing all right we just
finished the second to last scene now
we're putting on gym clothes and we're
gonna shoot our last scene which is
Carly and me like running and brett has
like a bike with the Steadicam on the
back it's going to be great
hey penny just let you know you just
like photobomb this whole shot okay
that's it were we're leaving there now
you need to run oh yeah
we're out thanks you go
this is it last shot of the day behind
the scene squad right here in front of
the scenes bought total professional
this guy total pro right we're like
waiting for a whole camera crew oh we
are see Carly's not really that high
this is what she looks like without
heels on and this is what I look like
their foot Sophia just kidding I'm
standing on the curb and so somebody
runs in front
Brett sits backwards cameras on there
thank you that is the rap we got
everything done probably you were great
you're a five take wonder I'm trying to
keep up here Kelsey when's this video
gonna be released campaign okay great so
yeah look out for this video at some
point in q4 2016 yes that's a wrap happy
weekend
goodbye get home to your beautiful wife
and baby
you go it looks good when you do it's
your arms are so much longer than mine
looks but okay Hangul I should just be
your camera woman yeah but my arms
aren't strong enough this is good cardio
good strength training
