it's the exact same bad if she was bad
when she was like three weeks old I
don't know if I've made this clear not
on the vlog but Francie and our daughter
is bad
she's like manipulative and smart and
just like will do whatever tasty at ice
cream I don't know what that smoke was
coming from
news that I don't
melted into the process insensitive I
just saw smoke that fact of law
Kenneth's not getting much
Kennan I have a babysitter this morning
and we have we're having a date so far
it's going pretty well
they argue with you nobody can afford
you with things
oh this is our second lunch before we
just had fruit this is our first one
how's this man oh my god how does she do
my God look at her
Candice as a rule doesn't come to the
studio because she finds it too
stressful so I let her dig into the
Francine archives I keep a pretty tight
archive of cute pictures and videos of
friends all right look at that babe
anyway she's digging deep I'm getting
some needed gear I like broke all my
gear in the last week I don't know why
god I remember those swings gives me
nightmares where we flying to Cape Town
we flew the Cape Town to that little
yeah and I feel back by myself remember
oh I can't leave you're gonna watch that
are you sure you want to there's no
unwatched and this was getting having
the baby they like film I had my GoPro
and I was like I don't want to film the
gross stuff and the doctor is like a
cowboy in Texas took the camera and film
the gross stuff I've never looked at it
she's looking at it I'm gonna hide in
here is that it like I broke my um I
broke my microphone when I was pretty my
camera my backpack this is one of the
most common problems and if you know a
way to fix this let me know but where
the microphone jack goes into the camera
sticks out like this when I put it in my
background it always breaks why the
sound is so often messed up in my videos
luckily I keep a pretty solid inventory
of equipment here in the office to suit
my every so there's some new stuff here
I'm going to equip and arrive when I was
here I've gotten a chance to play with
it yet I've been wanting this for a
while came ready this is a GoPro selfie
stick it's filming me right now push the
button it's filming over there me over
there me over there me over there
amazing company called speed bow makes
these thank you speedo for sending them
over this is pretty next-level image
stabilizer for cell phone and GoPro I
can't wait to use this are you watching
that nasty stuff are you crying
regarding microphones I typically use
one of two microphones I like this I
like this rode microphone a lot solid
microphone
lately I've also been using these sure
microphones they're great slightly
different sound profile but just as good
of a camera
more recently Sennheiser came out with
this microphone I haven't used it yet
but Sennheiser makes great products and
I'm really looking forward to this also
I put one of these dead cats on this and
it really kills any and all wind it's
this fuzzy thing that gives me such
clean sound like when I'm riding my
skateboard in the wind talking to
Cameron it still sounds good that's
because of this furry thing
honey we gotta go yeah fun watching the
archives getting on your back another
man when did you get back
yesterday I can see each other in Venice
I know when we're in Venice on our
vacation Oscar was also in Venice and he
was literally 200 feet from us
and we were able to connect alright I
gotta go man alright see you soon
that pretty much concludes our afternoon
date they have to head back down to
relieve the babysitter
in conclusion we went to lunch and then
went to lunch and then we walked to my
office and Candice watched old baby
videos and now we take a taxicab home
and I not just hit by the water and just
do nothing except stare into space what
was the best part of the day yeah you
are so foolish baby going down for a nap
I have to pack I hate packing because
I'm terrible at packing gotta gotta
gotta gotta bring my tuxedo here trouble
is don't know that I actually have a
tuxedo that's ready to wear this this is
far right
see I always have trouble prioritizing
what to bring now my tuxedo and my drone
what else
typically I try not to be cagey about
where I'm going or what I'm doing but I
had to promise not to reveal the details
of this trip until Monday night at 8:00
p.m. so I can't I thinking sure where
I'm going but I can't share why I'm
going there I really needed I'll review
all the details soon really soon I just
need like you know a day for you to bear
with me here
and the drawer to the left of the
silverware
we got it ready no big deal
in other mildly exciting news I'm flying
Virgin Atlantic sorry never flown Virgin
Atlantic before the line here virgin is
like a mile long so just sell up this
boosted board bag while I wait I bought
this bag after market like it wasn't
made by boosted it's made by some I
don't know it was expensive though it's
completely falling apart look at this
and this strap ripped off and the
buckles broke and I had to put these
carabiners on as the plastic ones broke
broke over here trying to stitch this
back together here really have nothing
but disdain for low quality products if
you know of a high quality boosted board
bag let me know and I don't want a gun
bag or like a pool cue bag that's be
made just for boosted board otherwise
it's a nuisance
clearly enroute to the Virgin lounge
which I've never been to but Candace
speaks of highly so expect a
comprehensive review of this lounge
ready for tour
down in
menus
couches magazines computers other
stranger couches kind of a chill-out
lounge what appears to be a hair salon
futuristic bar showers red pool table
qcv luggage storage facilities that's my
boosters word color-changing hallway
toilet all it all seems like a really
nice lounge everybody in here is super
friendly not too crowded and the food's
delicious
good man I'm pretty happy love your
stuff it's these guys good they're dry
they've robbed thanks for not leaving
without me that's a far walk to make a
lot of friends on this airline
all right
all right no I'll take a paper thank you
very much
shameless now I didn't bring my regular
sweatpants pajamas
Candace told me they'd give me a pair
and they did nice okay pretty cozy
you
like in the first part of this episode I
complained about microphones and go to
my studio and I get a new microphone and
then spontaneously the shot when I go
into the closet the sound gets totally
fun in nowhere and that's why I like
it's not like that but it really left
that's called peaking like it's at the
top but I don't know why it does that
I changed no settings it like does that
on its own this is why I always smash my
cameras they so frustrated when stuff
like this sorry I'm sorry about the low
sound quality for the second half of
today's episode thanks for hanging in
there
