there has been a huge amount of
conversation online about YouTube D
monetizing videos that is determining
some videos cannot be monetized so the
creators don't get any Adsense revenue
from that video hashtag YouTube party is
over was trending on Twitter a lot of
big-name youtubers have come forward
with really disparaging stories about
how some of their videos have been D
monetized and they weren't aware of it
and they're losing all this money
yesterday's video and most likely many
in the near future will not be
monetizable here on YouTube now this is
an incredibly complicated thing and if
you want to understand all the detail
and nuance I will link below some really
smart pieces about it one in particular
from the internet creators guild an
organization that I'm a part of that
explains this in vivid detail this video
is not meant to explain it it's just my
opinion on it but here's sort of a very
loose overview if YouTube determines
your video to be not advertiser friendly
it pulls all monetization so you don't
make any money from that video that sort
of almost kind of makes sense where it
doesn't make sense isn't just how
nebulous the terms are that define what
advertiser friendly is YouTube uses
language like excessive violence or
excessive swearing very loose terms like
that and even scarier there aren't human
beings that work for YouTube determining
this one's good and this one's bad it's
all algorithmically filtered so it's
that algorithm determining whether or
not you're able to make revenue from
your videos now I am an unapologetic
YouTube fanboy I absolutely love YouTube
I credit the majority of the success of
my career to YouTube I travel the world
to speak to people about how much I love
YouTube I'm going to Australia this week
to speak for YouTube about why I love
you too and it is that admiration for
the platform that gives me such distress
about this issue video is where all of
media is headed right now there is no
more valuable piece of property or
entity than video in the world of media
at all in Facebook's last quarterly
earnings call Sheryl Sandberg said the
word video like 50
times
Twitter's pushing harder than ever to
grow their video presence Amazon is
paying individual creators to post their
content their Netflix is kicking cables
ass everything is changing right now and
the power is going from these big
traditional entities to the individual
creator so now as long as that
intellectual property as long as that
video is the product individual creators
can put it wherever they want it to go
whether that's Facebook or Twitter which
just offered a 70% rev share with
creators the choice is purely in the
hands of the creator
now what YouTube has in this space that
no one else has Facebook struggling to
figure this out no one else has it like
YouTube has it is this sense of
community this kinship with creators
like me and the platform that is YouTube
that when issues like this come up and
they're not well defined or well
communicated or communicated at all by
YouTube the people it affects the most
like me that's where the problem lies
it's not that they're doing this I agree
with YouTube about most of the policing
they're doing there is so much
negativity and vitriol and just horrible
shit posted to YouTube every day but
they need to police it somehow to keep
the platform growing and whole and
attractive to advertisers which is their
business which benefits us the creators
I get it but when they don't communicate
it and that lack of communication
affects creators it affects them in
their most sensitive place which is in
the wallet that is a very very dangerous
game I want to end this by sharing my
perspective on both sides of the coin
YouTube I get it there's more garbage
being posted to YouTube now than ever
before garbage that manipulates the
algorithm to gain views to earn dollars
for crap you have to protect your
business by protecting advertisers from
that garbage but for us creators loyalty
is a very delicate thing here most
youtubers won't admit it but a youtube
channel is a business and the minute
that business can't make money because
of something that you're deciding the
loyal to becomes very frail and as these
other competitors are encroaching as
aggressively as they are the options for
us creators are myriad so protect what
it is that you have that no one else has
you're unfair competitive advantage is
your sense of community and that loyalty
that is currently held by most youtubers
and the
what do you do that is by open lines of
communication and making things
abundantly clear not just for youtubers
with millions of subscribers but for
everyone every aspiring creator that
wants to build a channel in a business
and maybe one day make a dollar off of
their creations it's up to you to make
them feel good and safe about that all
right that's it that's all I have to say
I wrecked my youtube notebook to make
this video
