just a couple of rows sleep in their car
checking their cell phones welcome to
New York City for your safety there goes
our weed regulations you should hit it
with a single pack
finally back in New York City that was
the longest I've been away from this
place I'll listen said been here so so
so good to be back I cannot wait to meet
my girls my taxi is here here for Casey
yeah that's me how you doing you got my
address right and Manhattan right
yeah Manhattan
it is 1:00 p.m. right now I haven't left
the house since I got back here at like
8:00 this morning it's been great
spent the morning with Francine and then
I actually slept a couple of hours slept
not on an airplane for a couple of hours
hung out with Candice she's great just a
lovely morning
did I miss this
see I miss this skyline I missed my
skateboard I missed the smell there's no
place like home
there is no place like home
there is no place like home
I miss my juice remember my juice thank
you love this juice I even miss my
commute to work every day I love this
commute especially miss this studio you
know making videos and running this
operation and everything I do all of
that infrastructure is built around this
physical space and being away from it
makes it all really hard working from an
airplane seat is not as glamorous as it
may seem just tearing through some of
the packages I got while I was away got
some great stuff like Matthew Santoro
Zoo book Thank You Matthew psyched to
dive into this thing and then I got some
curious things one in particular Rogaine
hair regrowth treatment hair loss is
real and it's something that affects a
lot of people around the world now me so
far in life I have not been affected
look at the strength of this hair line
I'm 35 years old there isn't even any
signs of even the most nothing look at
this look at the thickness of this hair
I got a lot of problems in life but hair
loss is not one of them I mean my
grandfather died with a full head of
hair I could be one of those circus
freaks that dances from their end
it's so thick you could knit a sweater
with my hair so thanks for the gesture I
don't I I don't know what to do with
this if you'd like a three month supply
of Rogaine just let me know in the
comments below and I will have Dylan
email you send it to you or something
now without a doubt the hardest part of
me having been away for the last couple
weeks was being away from my family but
in a very very close second place for
the hardest thing about being away for
the last couple weeks was knowing that
these two guys right here we're sitting
in the office now a few months ago you
might remember I had a very early
boosted board version to prototype here
in the studio that was not um that was
not working like fully functional
prototype that was just me me like
harassing boosted being like send me
anything I just want to check it out and
they were super cool and they sent me
that is crazy bright and they sent me
that one with a disclaimer that like
Casey this is not a finished product
okay this this is a finished product
haha I have been waiting so
long for this and I was especially
heartbroken after losing my boosted
board in Colorado that look better or
tell or exposed and man oh man what love
to have had one of these bastards love
Oh while I was in South America Wow hmm
Oh boosted me likey
boosted board version - and I was a
boosted board veteran there's one thing
I know and that is that the only thing
better than a brand new version -
boosted board is - brand new version -
boosted boards did I really need two of
these things
probably not I get overexcited and get
two of these yeah
any regrets none what so
hey boosted what is what is uh what is
it was loaded mean
all right boosted pod ready to be
christened very very minor change of
plans I'm actually going to take the
unmarked boosted six here instead of
boosted five because the paint doesn't
seem don't want to dry and I like got
all over my clothes and my hands I'm
just gonna take the new new one that I
haven't even put an arrow on yet
I always say that I'm gonna do a
comprehensive review of things and then
I never do but this is going to be
different besides my camera I don't know
of a gadget I have in my life that I
take more advantage of than my electric
skateboard
all right it's faster it grips the road
better it's like it's like sticks to the
ground I know they said something about
improved trucks and improved wheels but
like you can really feel the difference
it's like it like corners like a Lambo
alright the rest through review is gonna
be to be continued
remember buh buh hi remember before when
I said that my family was my number one
and the spoofs it borders number two I
promised candace I'd be home by 6:00 so
we could do something tonight it's 6:03
so well it just got home and nobody's
here but check this out
remember when Francine did that modeling
for Juicy Couture
it's her modeling photo all gigantic and
framed look at that face Roy you're good
man for sending this over how did you
find this girl she said they were in the
pharmacy
Jayda she finds up these steps Francine
this is uncharted territory for you okay
that's mine in that ladder give us some
space Candace baby's asleep
Candace is asleep you know all this
awesome traveling and only exploring
everything I get to do it's amazing and
I'm thankful and I'm happy every day
that I had the opportunity to do these
things but at the end of all of it I
don't think there's anything that makes
me happier and feel more fulfilled than
being home with the family
sorry guys I don't mean to mess up your
wedding
daddy sneak through here congratulations
