is there anything more awkward in life
and hanging a hot tub with two strangers
not really
last night we took off in a lightning
storm and this morning we're landing in
a
to a beautiful city of Panama City
Panama Panama this is my second time in
Panama in the last year lonely here this
morning for like 45 minutes and then I
got to get on another plane taking
advantage of like that 25 minute round
right here it's got great internet all
right getting back on another plane
next up Carter hanging at Columbia I've
never been to the city before there is
this
nice
is to
but I buy food
it is the hot love you oh that's me yeah
yeah this is the this is the hotel
native we can make the change
yeah all right I'm not gonna because if
you reckless and dangerous but how fun
are you to fly the drone in here but I'm
not gonna hello are you oh my yeah I am
so excited about being here in Colombia
but I'm just realizing some some numbers
here it's 11:25 right now I'm being
picked up in my hotel here at 1:30 and
then at 1:30 they're taking me to where
like the event is and I've got to do a
talk in press and media and all this
stuff and I'm super excited about those
things that's why I'm here in the first
place but what it also means that I
don't really have a whole lot of time to
explore Carta Hannya or even like spend
any time on this dope beach or even
anytime to swim in this ridiculous
multi-tiered swimming pool all right
maybe I found a little time to swim in
the pool because come on look at this
pool even that bird loves this pool
is deep I broke both my ankles so like
an hour ago I tweeted to see if anybody
in cart to hang up wanted to show me
around and no one jobs back to me but I
did get some interesting ideas for
things to do everybody free time I've
got like 45 minutes sound like 10 second
clip we're on the hanging upside down in
these ring honestly felt like I was
drowning
the little jet shootin out water we're
going right up my nose and into my mouth
I couldn't breathe I hope the shot was
funny and to meet the organizers at 1:30
and it's currently 501 at 35 minutes
oh please what's your name Casey great
what's your name Freddy Freddy Freddy
nice stuff yeah that's my last name
yeah Alex Nate okay do you think we can
make it to the old city and back and a
half an hour
yeah half an hour yeah all right let's
do it what's the pun or I'm in charge of
those shitty I don't know take a picture
yeah all right Freddy I only have this
afternoon in your beautiful city here
yeah do you like it I love it but uh
like today the mone tonight I leave
tonight yeah it to me let me go to the
more anymore no I cancelled that flight
yeah I leave today 35 Frank de Cinco
minutos Laura and uh yeah I want to see
some magic
a worried
so you have dangerous is it here much
the dangle you know I saw a guy at the
hotel shake down and then a guy at the
beach with a gun and then a guy at the
parking garage with a gun and then out a
lot of guns yeah there's not a gam here
I was no problem here no danger okay my
CDs are good good
same goodie to grab the same so no
trouble yeah I left no trouble no trap
this is the wall this is a killer metal
around to the old city maybe the
building over there this is the San
Felipe foot press Wow it's awfully the
castle yeah all right so this this is
going to be my five minute tour of the
old city up here hope your friends head
to the wall
Wow look how big this wall is and if a
final I'm here continue Colombia to the
house to the lab to the Kappa Gamma wow
it's beautiful
ready to go Freddie
all right let's go okay and this
concludes Casey and Freddie's five
minute tour aerial tour of the old city
how are we doing on time
and this is us yeah all right okay I'll
see you a minute
right here later all right I've got like
two minutes to get changed and then they
shot me for the rest of the afternoon
doing press interviews and mean greets
and all kinds of other exciting things
and that's before I give my presentation
so I've got a very busy and like
professional afternoon coming up and of
course that's after sleeping like two
hours on an airplane but in my shirt
wrong no big deal no big deal I'm
psyched I've got a really good
presentation prepared for this afternoon
this this is the convention center here
where I'm going to be doing my top it is
so humid out right now that the lens is
all blurry
this is just gonna have to be the soft
focus episode there are a lot of
questions in the comments yesterday
about what are these talks that I do how
do i do them why do i do them what do i
talk about yesterday in brazil I was
talking about online marketing in
mainstream traditional media versus new
media today's event called Andy calm
here in Colombia is much more of a
business industry event where they're
talking about but they're talking about
information technologies and everything
in between they invite me to these
things because my background in in
television and then feature films and
then in journalism and then in
technology and all of these different
trajectories that my career has taken me
on has provided me with a perspective
that the kinds of people that attend
these events want to hear from honor of
being invited to these like great events
for you to travel to like exotic
countries and I come here and I connect
with like a huge audience to speak them
about all kinds of stuff one question
that I saw like a thousand times was do
I get paid for these well yes and no for
academic lectures like last year I spoke
at Yale and I was invited to speak at
Harvard this year and and I spoke at MIT
to students in their MBA program those
kinds of things like no I don't get I
don't get paid for those sorts of things
but ones that are more for profit ones
that people actually pay admission to
sometimes I do get paid and that's
amazing but all of them almost without
exception always pay for my travel that
helped me get there so really is like an
awesome excuse to travel and then when I
get to wherever I'm going
it's a great way to engage with like
people from the other side of the planet
who are doing something similar to what
I do that's what today's just a like I
doesn't change that it's almost time I
give my presentation reliable advice
we're gonna do some press interviews now
wait all Muslims Allah thank you for
filming thank you guys I hope that went
well Freddie I wish you came to the
presentation I think it went well
excellent yeah I think it was good I
really think this afternoon went well
those things are always so exciting for
me I'm looking outside contemplating
what to do I have a dinner invitation on
the table but I think um I'm going for a
run dude do the machine guns on that
bridge it seemed like nice guys they had
huge machine guns though Columbia
alright this is gonna be my turn around
spot I would bring far it's dark out but
it's amazing here wow I just got wet
that behind me is the ocean and then
there's the city Wow my hotel about
three half miles that way
lift up look up okay see ya can I be in
the book you're in the blogger hell oh I
see you'll see you every day
Jana Vance do more war heart guy Roger
skateboard oh man this is gonna be so
loud so awesome
know what you are
their God this awesome Here I am there I
love Columbia I must have lost 10 pounds
on that run and me finishing here at the
pool was not an accident
really just a great run
I love running in heat this this is the
fortress San Felipe I was supposed to go
straight to the airport but Freddie here
Freddie who is by far the MVP of the
trip to Carter Hania took me out a
little sightseeing tour look at that
fortress
you
thank you for everything
very good to meet you all right bye-bye
I'll call you next time I'm in Cartagena
all right see you okay bye bye Freddy of
all the amazing things I could recommend
for you to do while here in Cartagena
meeting Freddy would be number one and
that is what 12 hours in Cartagena
Colombia looks like I wish I had had
more time but considering the
circumstances I feel like I got a pretty
good experience in in a short amount of
time fantastic city how many episodes
this week have ended with me going to
sleep on an airplane
still on my run but there's this
somewhat what our described is an
unprotected hole in the running path
here see this hole that's like ten feet
okay just uh just something to remember
watch out for the holes
