so many friendly faces here in Brazil
about 25 minutes away from landing
himself power
thank you now Sal Paola really is one of
the greatest cities in the world but
don't get too excited I'm just here for
a layover
why what is that noise
protests right here in the terminal
that's in Portuguese I don't know what
it says
this is great I'm just switching
terminals but I got to come outside in
South Paulo I love this city
and I think that concludes my visit to
sapelo
really not sure what the rest of today
looks like but for now I'm sitting here
with my snacks and waiting for my flight
which is in two hours
two hours later a woman in there just
handed me my ticket and said yellow
plane
really excited about this trip
cannot believe I got that bag to fit
this flights like an hour long and then
that's it for flying today
probably add that when do you say
obrigado
when you say we got back is it not
masculine feminine
ya think this is the hotel friend site
to see what this hotel room looks like
whoa nice look at this room it's like a
palace look at this view this bathtub
it's Jacuzzi for two Wow
shower the shower has a window to the
jacuzzi
I live in this hotel room this hotel
room is amazing and the temptation and
the strong temptation is just to go to
sleep right now because I haven't slept
in like two days but I'm only in this
amazing city for like 36 hours so a
shower some liquid sleep do a little bit
of work and then I gotta get out there
now it's either 2:30 or 3:30 or 4:30 or
5:30 and I have dinner later tonight I
don't want to but I know I have to go
for a run
all right pushing off not gonna lie I'm
a little nervous about getting lost
okay I'm like three and a half four
miles out no shortage of no sorts of
hills in this town
it makes San Francisco seem like a flat
plane
I made it I made it I'm at the top of
the city I know this the top of the city
because there's a gigantic flagpole here
with the Brazilian flag at the top that
could only be declaring one thing that
this is the top of the city this is a
painful thing for me to admit on the
walk we spent a week on that boat doing
nothing but eating there was no exercise
what I left Candice yesterday to come to
Brazil she gave me a hug and she like
wrapped her arms around me like this and
then she patted me on the back like his
condescendingly as anyone could and she
said maybe do a little bit of running on
your trip I got fat is what the girl
saying
so no more Cinnabon a lot more running
okay that's it that's it I'm back way
back way easier than the way out it was
all downhill a lot of people asking you
what camera I run with I don't run with
the camera I shoot everything on my cell
phone the cell phone camera is just that
good
you're just realizing and I haven't
really explained what I'm doing here in
Brazil well there's this event happening
tomorrow it's called fire it's being put
on by a company called hot Mart it's
this event they get a bunch of people
together from like digital marketing and
content creation and social media and
Technology and we all just try to share
our ideas and experiences and and things
like that and I'm speaking out and I'm
like actually like one of the headline
speakers and they're going to be like
1,700 people there which that's crazy
I'm a I'm a I'm a little bit nervous but
I've got a great talk prepared and I'm
really excited about it that's tomorrow
afternoon all right I got to go we're
having dinner now
not sure what tonight's dinner is but I
know it's for all of like the speakers
and the people participating in
tomorrow's event
nobody home
very loud in here that dinner was
awesome but I was falling asleep at the
dinner table I'm going to bed now what's
up man I follow you on Instagram you
didn't see me peeing in the bush back
there okay good
nice to see you it's part of the
Brazilian family they're presuming
workout
