I ran ten miles this morning Candice and
Casey the wedding video look at us I got
back two days ago and yesterday in today
with the baby this morning I dropped off
Francine and Candice and Candace's
mother at the airport Candice and the
baby are going north Candace's mother's
going west and tonight I'm flying south
for those of you who are new around here
I took my first vacation in like two
years last week the wife and I went on
this great trip it was fantastic we left
the baby with kandace's mom who by the
way now has a South African accent
compliments of Candice's mom this this
is called dolly here in America we call
her dolly in South Africa they call her
dolly so cute like as cruise through
Croatia and Italy and stuff you know
I'll do a whole recap videos I did shoot
some video this this is not the recap
video that's our boat that's our Beach
where I struggle and you really struggle
where I struggle is when it comes to
doing nothing when it comes to relaxing
you want to place it on the two days of
smoking so two days will be 183 94 and
tomorrow will be 248 six and one so one
that you want fire zone or just keep on
going just keep going okay alright and
then I got this heavy one
okay this is the big one he's a nobody
no get it pictures heavy okay okay 58 59
pounds thank you very much
we need to do before I leave this house
I don't think so
so I'm going to the International
Airport
can you see what yeah that's me okay
thank you very much sir
this is where today's episode began
literally me saying bye to Candace right
here
that's everything thank you very much
sir nice to meet you all right that uber
driver had the best tasting music of any
/ driver I've ever had
No
getting get some snacks and then I'm
gonna go to the lounge and then up get
and I want it so bad but I'm not going
to do it a Cinnabon before a long flight
is just asking for trouble I think this
is like a nine-hour flight but when I
get there I have to transfer to a
smaller plane for like another two-hour
flight all in all it's like another 12
hours of flying or something like that
whenever I go from traveling with
Candice to traveling alone it really
makes me miss the girl tacos pizza
bagels salad Chinese I'm going to go
with salad knock as I walk salad but
because it's the right thing to do
thank you very much
there's this passage there's this
passage I toured out of Newsweek
magazine the article is about people who
work until like they're 90 years old
this is a quotation from a 74 year old
doctor who works 80 hours a week and he
does heart transplants and what he said
is there's no reason to stop if you're
constantly thinking new thoughts and
dealing with new problems it refreshes
your brain cells and makes new
connections that is really like when I
first started doing daily I have this
whole like thesis that pontificate about
and the underlying premise is that if I
have to constantly every day and make
something new it will keep me thinking
keep the brain going in this vacation
was all about relaxation I was just like
sitting around doing nothing and like
the neurons weren't firing I was like
literally getting frustrated because I
had to relax
I totally lost track of time I'm never
late to eat
definitely the gate right now yes it was
great to have the week off sleeping in
was magical getting drunk every night
with Candice and I'm too think about the
uploads all that was great but making
videos every day is like this sense of
purpose it gives me this it's like what
I do it defines me it's who I am and
when I stop doing that even differently
when I stopped doing that I felt like I
was considering I'm questioning myself
like what like what do I have to show
for today without my blog the answer was
nothing
well super late okay you're waiting for
my first mystery thank you ladies
buh-bye Rushmore is one of my favorite
movies and there's a scene of Rushmore
when Herman bloom says to Max Fisher
says max what's the secret what's the
secret back the secret yeah well you
seem to have a pretty figure it out so
you can I don't know why I think you
just got to find something you love to
do and then do it for the rest of your
life
I mean it's going to Rushmore YouTube
YouTube is my Rushmore
