that's a really short skirt I don't
maybe it might be a shirt I have no idea
so you just go to the mall with no pants
on
we're going to the Guardia Airport okay
you
I'm terrible I'm terrible at packing
thank you very much you're welcome sir
take care have a good one chandus canvas
has been telling me for weeks that I
need to pack I packed this morning
your way yes thank you
flights boarding now for our flight
pretty excited about this leg of the
journey
I think I'm high on the third person on
I'm not going to break my record for
most lights in a week but I'm going to
come close shiny in here
normally I don't change for domestic
flights but so early in the morning
figure I can just put on my pajamas go
to sleep
much better
so it is important
it
in 25 minutes I will put my pants back
we'd like to welcome you to Houston
local time here is approximately 11:40
provider thank you this is insane you
for you man you love you let's go guys
hi guys welcome Oh what is this somebody
gave to it are you um jealous that you
didn't get to come on the road trip
without and they had Haibo trips you may
pick up on a few I raided every single
one Candace was born in South Africa but
she was mostly raised in Houston Texas
this is like her hood the first time I
ever really met Candace was I came down
here for a bar mitzvah and Candace let
me stay at her parents house remember
honey yeah and you know where you ended
up literally in the dog bed the night I
crawled into bed with her and fell
asleep I woke up the next morning in the
dog bed
Oh like you isn't it good I just like
that it was green it's really cute
all right fine
I miss Candace a lot but there was this
other girl named Francine but Idaho I
found the baby but she's so tired you
want to go to bed yes you do yet babies
down for her nap I thought well I'm here
alone Oh take a little trip a little
trip down memory lane all right this
this is the greatest look at that
picture of Candace look at that body on
Candace my god and then this guy this is
like an arts and crafts project see it
says a scrapbook this is like an art
project that I made for Candace's
parents because I was like dirt poor
back then I couldn't buy people gifts I
didn't know what to so I made them like
this scrapbook this is the printed out
the first email Candace ever sent me hey
Casey this is from Candace - Casey
September 2nd 2004 hey Casey are going
to Dale's Bar Mitzvah if you did please
come you can stay at my pad in Houston
let me know I just found your email and
was curious hope you're well Candace XO
mm-hmm
all right don't know this story Candace
and I look for our wedding before we got
married proper we like eloped and her
parents freaked out we had to get an old
and it was this whole disaster but these
pictures are from when that happened
like look that's me that's Candace
that's the judge when we got elope to
married us this is the receipt for our
marriage certificate can't leave her
parents still talk to me I took this
picture of Candace while she was on the
phone with her parents telling them that
we had eloped that face and then in the
back it says gidran Stanley I'm sorry
for not inviting you to our wedding I
can't imagine this book will make up for
it but it's the best I could do looking
at this I hope that um I hope that
friends he never goes out with a guy
like me
where you want to sleep all right
yellow no no no
I remember when these things were first
built babies with the inlaws we're going
to the mall really quickly to pick up a
couple of things they were probably
going to need for this trip so far so
bad that how we're looking for money now
did you get this bruise I have no idea I
was like maybe I have something wrong
with it
looks like someone's pooling all the
blood is pooling their is it Candice
pooling
do you want to go ice-skating the first
time I ever went ice-skating was here I
was like mom I must've been like eight
what do you wear ice skating so she'd
dress me up in all my ballet clothes
like leotard type little wrap and a
skirt ice-skating like this
small trip was a abysmal failure ready
we got em nothing
okay I'll see you in 20 minutes
good luck
I have fun Candace is going to get her
I'm going to pick up food then we go
back home and then we're done with
shopping for the night yeah okay yeah
what decided that women were the one
that had to have hair torn out of their
body highlighted cut colored why don't
we ask you that or it well we do it that
we have to look attractive for men
sometimes like that like what you just
said could have been like you were
headed down this road of feminists
empowered feminists and then you just
pulled a 180 at the very end and
shattered the whole thing why you always
make me feel like I stole my own car no
I just can't tell I know you're nervous
about I'm nervous aren't you nervous at
all a little bit what are you nervous
about just being away
