that's a chance at what in this city
because they possibly need a chainsaw
for
here this madness
all day every day
final audio my office is right there I
could get a clean audio the noise in
this city is just bananas
for each pad sold will donate a fortune
to the local food bank
nice work Josh what is William Osmond
you're gonna have to come here and show
me how you have to come here and show me
how this thing works thanks Shauna toy
mill good luck with your startup really
you're Casey you're William Jack McGrath
thank you for this teddy bear I don't
understand why you had me cut it open
and I wish you luck with your YouTube
channel thanks for the pillows Paula
hope the air nanos ah their headphones
expect a comprehensive okay this is what
I was looking for all right so like
literally two years ago 2015 when I was
first trying to fly drones and this vlog
and I didn't actually fly drones I would
just crash drones in every single
episode I'll just crash the drones my
sauce video for a drone that was super
portable it's super easy to fly and all
that stuff so I bought it right i
pre-ordered it and this is snap the
world's first fully portable 4k flying
two years later it has shown up this
will now be a comprehensive review
you know the thing that excited me the
most was it small compact size at the
time the only drone out there was like
the Phantom three which is pretty
enormous and this seemed tiny but in
between the tiers since they announced
it and shipped it DJI has really stepped
up their game this thing doesn't seem so
small anymore but uh let's fly it
I'm headed to a safe place to fly the
drone in Brooklyn away from any
potential dangers because I'm a
responsible non-commercial amateur drone
just fa please don't give me a hard time
about this I'm just trying out a new toy
we're out here in Brooklyn now a nice
safe place to fly and this is kind of
the biggest selling point it's how easy
it's supposed to fit into a backpack
your body the camera right there battery
and then I'm assuming it's called the
snap because all right ready look it
folds out and then this white module
which is where the camera is and whatnot
this kind of snaps in snaps battery
snaps on whoa it's not bad right
I was like what the hell are you gonna
do with all those parts no that's it
like no screws nothing and then it
automatically turns on I think I
couldn't find the power button but it
made a noise then you trying to put it
down there's no skis no feet you just
like put it down there right on the
battery hi nice nice to meet you a lot
of friendly people here in Brooklyn she
was she's doing pretty much she's
struggling pre-med premed now it does
have an Android in an iPhone app but I
was recommended to use the iPhone app
because the Android app is still in beta
so there's no controller no controller
okay GPS connected let's fly no way yeah
but I'm not getting an image
oh here we go
watch that fence watch that bad
Jesus how does it feel it's not holding
its position very well it's a little
drifting but it looks like it just
caught GPS see it's staying in one spot
right now okay it's way out over the
water do you see it it's accelerometer
based yeah are you even controlling her
right now there it goes
do you feel like you have any control
are you trying to bring it back I still
can't quite have it going up higher I
don't know how to make it cutter a home
but I'm trying to fly it will nothing
happen side way yeah I'm I'm really
struggling with the controls here and
I'm doing everything it's said to do
there it is Wow
it landed you caught it I didn't feel
like I had a whole lot of control but in
in this thing's defense the first time I
flew a spark with the phone the first
time I used a parrot the parrot one
which requires the phone basically any
drone I've ever used where the control
is limited to the phone I've never had
any control you're trying to touch class
and use an accelerometer and it's just a
it's just this guy right here who we do
not know is flying a Mavic the Mavic is
probably the the biggest competitor to
this to the snap the snaps $899 the
Mavic is roughly the same price I think
it's $9.99 with the controller the Mavic
is in my opinion one of the greatest
drones ever made so today I'm talking me
through details here talking to putting
your songs on a glass screen to control
a thing like this is not good you want
tactile buttons you want to feel what
you're you're doing and this is just
like the accelerometer control is very
responsive if I will say and that
actually works and then it's got a
gimbal too which is pretty impressive
stabilized gimbal but we'll have to see
how that video looks it didn't look very
promising from the feet on the phone
now we'll go check out what the footage
looks like
all right so I gotta say that the
footage looks fantastic I think the
footage is amazing the stabilization is
buttery smooth the image is at least as
good as the Mavic but when it comes to
drone cinematography the image quality
is secondary on the list of importance
after cinematography if you can't get
like the perfect dynamic shots that you
want what does it matter if it's a
little bit smoother or the colors a
little bit more rich my problem with
this drone is the same problem that I
had with the DJI spark before I had the
controller you just cannot control a
drone which is there are six axes plus
the axis of the camera using a
touchscreen phone but in conclusion my
review of the snap drone is that it's a
very very interesting device but the
control and competence you have over the
actual device is extremely limited
now YouTube audience I don't ask you for
much besides buy my new merch I do need
your help to help me commit make I need
your help with the Christmas miracle
okay my friend Sam's 2017 goal was to
get to a hundred thousand subscribers he
helps me with all my videos he's a
really good guy he's a really good
youtuber but he's still like 18 or 22 or
32 thousand subscribers shy so I'll link
in below and if maybe you could like
finding your hearts to meander over to
his YouTube channel and just click that
subscribe button and maybe even comment
like a Christmas miracle for Sam I think
it would mean the worlds this guy looked
he's nice and he's makes he makes the
good videos and macey
also these chips are really good these
are carolina kettle chips they donate
five cents for every bag of chips they
come in all sorts of flavors I check
these out these are already plug the
chips in their holders for good Harry
plug the chip sir I like potato chips
moonlight motor trips
how about you I'm mad about good books
can't get my fear
