it is the middle of the night but we
made it to the great state of Utah
you've been asleep for like two hours
so last night was the first proper
all-nighter we've done we drove straight
through just active a good it's fine
after 6:00 in the morning
always be super super nice and friendly
with people who work in customer service
here's what just happened I got two
rooms online for like super cheap like
deep discounted room but check-in is
until noon
it's 7:30 a.m. right now and I went in
there and I talked this lovely woman
behind the counter for like 35 minutes
and in the end I got the Rainman suite
but I'll organize that what let boogie
now on I only reserved for us the two
cheapest rooms I could find online but I
met this just absolute darling at
check-in and she switched rooms for us
are you ready yeah ah yeah look at this
place this place is almost as nice as
your freshman dorms gonna be Wow let's
see if we get it of you yeah that's
pretty much the best view you get here
I slept zero
last night I should be taking a nap
right now just so excited to be here I
gotta I gotta get out there
I have very real thoughts on Las Vegas
as like a as a destination I think it's
an amazing place to visit I really do
but I only believe in coming here for 24
hours at a time and that's because all
there really is to do here is debauchery
I think debauchery is best served in
small increment so I've got a 24 hour
Las Vegas rule and today will be no
different
is Monday morning at 8 a.m. this city is
completely dead
you
party of two thank you she's really one
kind of restaurant in Las Vegas and
that's my thing your buffet for bust
whatever I announced that I'm traveling
people are contact me and they're like
hey let's get together let's get a cup
of coffee let's grab a beer but in this
trip to Vegas one guy contact me who
owns a shooting range sounds interesting
another guy who has something called a
water jetpack from what I gather it's
it's a jet pack that propels itself with
water well welcome to target on Flamingo
and Maryland Parkway my name is Twyla
I'm the fastest cashier as they have
here right now fast but in print
thank you I'm coming to you we're both a
little sluggish caffeine recharge then
we're going to go to the thing
you
good
how long does it take to get that good
yeah tell me this tell me the secret
what do I need to know stop
make it look good I'm gonna have you
looky here
let's Drebin don't bow driving on me
he's like that one dolphin that's not in
the dolphin show but you guys Helen left
us no backup Owen seems to got many of
it
all right going in here we go see what
he's got
oh shit someone's got a little
comfortable up there
Oh
faceplant both disappeared I don't know
what's going on down there hello tell
them about what's going on I'm pretty
sure Casey lost the GoPro for people out
there that's a wrap for the GoPro hunt
somewhere on the bottom of the lake how
was it I just want to say I'm sorry I
didn't mean to lose your GoPro out there
you have to come solicit flyboard Las
Vegas and follow follow them on
Instagram because I lost their GoPro oh
and how is flyboarding great so we're
out there and they're filming us with
the GoPro that was a shot hand that to
me I want to film myself from up here
and he's like nah great idea no I was
like nah you'll drop it I'm gonna drop
it literally 30 seconds later into
copped it it's out there really sorry
about that
so yeah the hero4 stuff just lost
somebody thank you very much somebody's
gonna just totally help you up and let
you ride their jetpack board things
gather I think get a replace to go bro
aha you did not happen what happened was
this was the handle that I was using I
was holding on to it like for dear life
and when I hit the water it just broke
so I didn't actually drop it I just
broke and then the camera went to the
bottom and yeah
like oh you to hear that if you follow
me
if you find the GoPro in the bottom of
the lake over there email me the footage
I got you
alright bye guys yeah later coming out
flyboarding some ordinary do something a
little bit more this is the most
powerful handgun in production my god
yeah
target practice can be a lot of fun when
all safety measures are observed which
is what we're doing today my baby
and then I also like the Barrett 50 Cal
the sniper rifle I had to choose two
favorite those would be it Casey oh and
Casey oh and Casey oh and this is the
fanciest shooting range have ever been
to do you hear that a lot
yeah a lot of people come in and they're
like oh my gosh
Owen is now shooting this gigantic
cannon right here to be in the range
there's to be on the other side of this
bulletproof glass I wanted to be out
here because it was getting a little
loud look that smile that was it on them
great is that the only chrome 50 Cal Las
Vegas yeah actually this see there I'm
sorry putting all those holes in your
target bye guys
happy to be here I'm so nice in there I
did like it there that's fun right
you
I had these plans to go out and have
like a fun night tonight now going to
sleep how how do we do a backflip
commitment but we're not going to try
those super dangerous that hose is like
a concrete pipe when it's full of water
and so no backflip so a couple weeks
sorry buddy try to get
