651 in the morning uh today is my last
day it's the last day of this road trip
but it's also my last day with my son
before I say goodbye to him at college
I'm sure you can see what a big deal
that is in any event I'm not gonna I'm
not going to vlog I'm not going to film
my day with my kid today I'm just going
to leave the cameras away so I can
really focus on these last few hours
with him so I'll come back I'll come
back to you at the end of the day and
I'll I'll let you know how things went
Oh
owns the bathroom I'm just packing up
he's taking me to the airport now I'm
leaving him here
Owens mother she's coming to San
Francisco tonight
to take him to orientation all that I
Drive him out here she does that you
know like we got to be you know share
the kid I say goodbye tonight hello I'm
Owen and I'm a student from intraday
need a charter school
I'm at the airport I just said bye to
the kid just like said I'll see you in a
few how would you judge your performance
not great five to ten like a census
David Sedaris said that when you have a
dog like that dog's life represents like
a chapter that's bookends in your life
like you always remember where you were
for the life of that dog
I remember when I was a kid and I got a
pet it was it was a cat but I remember I
got this little kitten and then I
remember through its whole life and that
was like a chapter in my life and I just
said goodbye to Owen who's like like
that's the biggest chapter
it's the biggest chap I remember when he
was born I remember who I was when he
was born I was like this high school
dropout teenager who's my friend's
parents didn't want them to hang out
with me so I was a bad influence does
this degenerate this cup with a baby and
now it's like he's like this adult
everybody's giving me this boat like
he's not gone he's still your baby
that's bullsh he is an adult now he
lives on his own 3,000 miles away from
me
every second day of school it grade
I'll be back tomorrow with more happy
blogs you just have to bear with that I
hope you can understand this is a tough
tough thing for me I hope someday you
get to experience something like this
go
