but the rainbow look at that rainbow man
it's incredible severe heat advisory
today in New York City check this out
ready that is disgusting no big deal I
am so gonna miss these hot summer days
no I go right today and then the
traveling goes on for like six weeks or
five things don't return to normal for
me here in New York City until
mid-september as in when the summer is
over somebody sent me this toilet paper
this is toilet paper with Donald Trump's
face on it with Donald Trump quotes
thank you this is it today's my last day
in the office before I Drive Owen to
college this makes me a little nostalgic
this was the last road trip I did in
like 2007 from Austin Texas LA here's
what we got planned we're starting right
here in New York City Chicago Denver Las
Vegas and then finally landing in San
Francisco do tu-tu-tu-tu-tu and then up
and over love Google Maps says this is
3000 90 miles in 45 hours of driving
spreading that across one two three four
days two people 20 hours per that's five
hours of driving per day per person
which you know quite frankly seems
entirely manageable now the goal of the
whole trip is to avoid traffic as much
as possible so we're going to leave
tomorrow morning like 5:00 a.m. which
means have to pick up the rental car
today now pick up a rental car in New
York City enormous pain in the ass I
have to go to an airport in New Jersey
and it's 3:45
I should go right now to avoid traffic
trying to find my friend Dylan to see
yeah you want to go to Teterboro you
throat apartheid loved you let's do it
awesome you you're ready I gotta get my
one thing alright come me me am I
actually I'm gonna go to the bathroom
and then meet me in my office awesome
I'm ordering an uber right now okay that
pickup location we're going to Jersey
lot of the house to get there I got a
bike I got one bike Steinberg why would
you possibly say yes to coming on this
trip with me I don't know it's an
adventure look at that view of the sky
Weinstein that's incredible man we are
in New Jersey man yeah Dylan I want to
tell the Dylan Steinberg story okay this
this is the story as to how I met Dylan
2010 was that was that what it was huh
huh those six years ago and this new
camera came out is the Canon t2i and I
wanted it I couldn't find it
somebody said you have to meet this guy
he has one to sell that guy was this guy
and Dylan came on I bought the camera
from him and then he was like if you
ever need help with anything I said I
love making movies and you're like
alright cool let's do this thing for
Cheerios that's right
and so Dylan help me make a Cheerios TV
commercial the thing about Dylan is like
I taught her clothes but I talked about
you when I get hired to do lectures
because like the whole thing I'm always
preaching about the grind really all you
have to do is work harder than the next
guy how old are you Eve just moves the
city didn't know anybody now this guy
has like a huge company and a gigantic
office and a rental facilities built
like this series career on nothing but
the hustle pure hustler this guy side
note about Dylan Steinberg they probably
won't like me share
Dylan came to my wedding in South Africa
and gotten a fight with his girlfriend
in front of kandace's mom and kandace's
mom yelled at Dylan adla do you remember
oh yeah the instructions to move you
back out back out we know I can't lie
you know good luck
okay thank you very much sir you back
out you're welcome
aggressive this guy these guys take the
job seriously around saying earlier that
it's really complicated to rent a car in
New York City it's really complicated
now keep going straight
yeah here it is there's your white
minivan sir where does it say national
uh what does it but on this paper it
says enterprise and national all right
I'm going in you hold down the car I'm
gonna make just the right spot thank you
sir sorry this poor uber driver I mean
let's just let this poor guy go yeah no
I don't know that we're doing the right
thing we're that we're in the right
place but sorry for the trouble there is
no National but the car that the piece
of paper said I know we bailed on
National Car Rental because Mazar that's
right Mazar convinced us to come to uh
what's this place called
otherwise I'm just an intern guys he's
not like put it over yeah we got our
eyes on this sweet what's that thing
called Ford Transit out here just cherry
Dylan but that is a fine-looking car All
Right see you guys later
thank you for everything
all right you're out we did it what the
people that come here up really crazy
yeah me a lot of interesting people here
this is a great vehicle a great vehicle
mission fully accomplished we have the
rental car where in the world are we
going Steinberg we are in two to two
katuk appreciate time with me would have
been a lonely adventure Daly
yeah I felt good helping be the copilot
friend we were great you're great it's a
rainbow I can't get the show up on
camera oh there's the rainbow there's
the Empire State Building there's the
rainbow traffic that's where we're going
in the tunnel now we're leaving New
Jersey back to New York and now we're
back in the city we're back back in the
city could not have done it without you
Dylan thank you sir yep thank you for
Milian opinions that man
later Dylan have a fun trip thanks buddy
all right that's it I'm anxiously
packing right now but I think the time
has come to say goodbye to the studio
tomorrow morning 5 a.m. we leave for San
Francisco
owen is still in connecticut he's
driving into the city super late tonight
so he's not even gonna be here until
wait he's already gonna be here until
like 1:00 or 2:00 in the morning and
then we leave at 5:00 in the morning so
yeah the next couple days should be
pretty interesting
