one of my favorite stores in New York
City is balloon saloon check out they
did
for the Olympics that's awesome I feel
like I just I have to be completely
honest with you and I need to warn you
about today's episode let me take a
shower I mean I'm not saying this to
discourage you from watching I think you
should keep watching I just feel like as
a matter of full disclosure I have to
let you know before we get into the
episode what's you're in store for and
don't think it's because of a lack of
effort on my part that that's not it at
all
I work equally hard on each and every
upload I just have a very strong feeling
that today's episode is gonna suck New
York County juror summons today today
I've got jury duty what the truth you
can't handle the truth for those of you
living outside of the United States or
under the age of 18 or just don't know
jury duty is this thing that happens
when you're an adult where you have to
go and you serve on a jury to decide if
someone's innocent or guilty that's how
the legal system works here so when you
get jury duty you have to show up in
court and if you don't do it you go to
jail now this happens to be something I
believe in this is like this is America
I think this is a just and fair system
but you have no say in this schedule
like I gotta go today or I'm in big
trouble
I'm on the penny board if they're never
going to let me bring my boosted board
in there
I'm also shooting on a point-and-shoot
because they'll never let me bring my
big camera
these are the stairs where barzini was
shot in Godfather 1 his limo was waiting
right here and bam they shot him as he
was running up the stairs
I am 100% sure that won't let me film in
there so I'm going to put this away now
all right they took away my camera but
they didn't take away my cellphone and
they also didn't say that I couldn't
they didn't explicitly say I couldn't
film so I'm just going to very gently
try to capture some of this experience
while respecting the need for privacy
and discretion
we had a one and a half hour lunch break
I'm going back to the office
that was not an enjoyable experience for
the brief time that I was in high school
I spent a lot of time in detention and
detention is exactly the same thing as
jury duty and I'm not talking about like
the teachers not looking as well so we
all smoke pot and then have a dance
party then get locked in a closet Molly
Ringwald get back to determine kind of
detention I mean like detention like
detention detention where you're being
punished detention I feel like if I were
ever in jail I'd want to be on like a
chain gang come on hey boss I don't know
if they still have those because at
least I could then spend my time digging
ditches and but this this is like this
is there's no ditches to dig there's
this is just like it's like purgatory
you're just forced to sit there and do
nothing
look I really really do believe in doing
my civic duty and being there but let me
just explain why I struggle so much with
the idea of doing nothing now I wake up
every day seven days a week like between
4:45 and 5:00 a.m. and then I go to bed
between like Admiral if I'm lucky 10:30
11:00 more likely around midnight
midnight thirty and every minute when I
wake up at 5:00 or whatever till I go to
bed at midnight or whatever
non-stop I'm permanently in go mode the
pedal is all the way on the floor
I am going full speed ahead there's no
relaxing there's no downtime there's no
that it is full is just go and my even
broader perspective on life is to
operate as if there's like a rabid
hungry rabid wolf with like blood
dripping furnace-like just chasing after
me all the time
and the minute I slow down if that wolf
is just going to devour me to succeed to
accomplish what what I hope to
accomplish it's really hard and there
are a lot of people trying to do the
same thing they're a lot smarter than me
and better resources than me and more
access than me and the only way I can
compete is by working harder and doing
more and that's why I like productivity
and being efficient with my time is
everything see hard work working hard is
my unfair competitive advantage no
matter what you have that I don't have
I can always compensate it can just make
up for that by working harder than the
next guy hard work and tenacity got to
keep working hard and never ever ever
ever stop doing a little construction
project kind of a fun story behind it he
the origins the history this studio was
all the way back at 2000 whoa what went
back to 2003
now in 2003 my brother van and I worked
together and then was in Germany for
work and it was my job to get us a
studio before he got back from Germany
what I found was this space there was a
wall here like this was a wall and
Beyond here we didn't have so it's just
this room
now when we moved in here we had no
furniture we had nothing in on one of
the mornings like one of the first
mornings here in the office I drove by a
dumpster outside of an elementary school
and in that dumpster were a whole bunch
of children's chairs for their desks and
we got this chair and sawed off the back
and turn it into this stool and ever
since then like this has been my
favorite stool ever but the wood is like
completely crumbling so I'm just going
to fix it
now no matter what happens for the rest
of my life on this day I will have a
cobbler something this is the day that I
repaired my stool there it is
the Supreme Court of New York City well
done dad
to this do this jurors proof of service
certificate I did it I fulfilled my
obligation to society and I feel really
good about it
you know what and despite all my
complaining the people in there like
administers a woman they were lovely
really just lovely people
kind of wish I hadn't said all it stuff
about this episode sucking I mean this
morning was rough but the afternoon was
great and then got to build that awesome
chair and check out these awesome
balloons outside of balloon saloon
also the the countdown has really begun
for the
what's up here in the blog the countdown
has really begun for all this travel
that I've got coming up on my leave town
in less than 36 hours that's nuts
