listen L want my young money millionaire
2000 Rider a generic rat
Oh
four billion subscribers compared to
your career decision Sam that was just
water by the way I like filled up this
bottle with I'm not much of a drinker
and quite frankly I think that much how
follow put anybody in the hospital in
the last 18 months my youtube channel
has grown by three and a half million
subscribers bringing me from 500,000 to
four million this morning shortly after
I crossed the 4 million threshold
someone said to me you did it what now
and that motivated me to make this video
I want to talk about the finish line I
want to talk about the goal I want to
talk about arriving I want to talk about
getting there because it's all an
illusion
the moment you're born you start
barreling towards the only finish line
which is death and this journey here
that's life and no matter what you do
this momentum can never be slowed and
can never stop I really subscribe to
that idea that life is about movement
life is a trajectory life is a train
that never stops and I especially
subscribe to that perspective when it
comes to my career see if my career is a
whole bunch of little successes and
little failures today 4 million
subscribers is certainly one of those
little successes and the reason why I so
harshly reject the idea of having made
it or having a ride or crossing a finish
line is because all of life keeps moving
today's success quickly becomes
yesterday's success becomes last week's
success becomes last year's success you
can't rest on your laurels I look beyond
it what's next when I cross that finish
line I'm immediately looking for the
next finish line with each success
should come a bigger more ambitious goal
there's this computer nerd he's a little
bit of a hero of mine he started a tech
company in 1975 it got really really
successful he became the richest man on
planet earth and then he stepped away
from and he said what could be a bigger
goal than becoming the richest man on
planet Earth how about I eradicate polio
how about I commit the rest of my life
to making this world a better place for
other people that is this when my Nana
was a little girl she wanted to be a
dancer that was her dream and she
committed everything to it she'd
practiced every single day she danced
every single day and when she was in her
20s she achieved her dream her lifelong
dream of becoming a Rockette on Broadway
and she didn't accept that success as
enough that was just that was just
another post on her journey after that
she did something much bigger if she
started to dance school
she spent the next 60 years teaching
little boys and little girls how to
dance just like she did that that is
success Nana's also one of my heroes my
goal my dream the only finish line I've
ever defined for myself in life is to
have or have had a meaningful impact on
the people lives around me too to have
left this world just like a tiny bit
better than how I found it and one truth
that I've learned is that if I'm not
fighting every single day for success
that I'm drifting backwards towards
failure so I want to end this four
million subscriber video special by
thanking you for being a part of this
with me by subscribing and validating my
videos by watching them and to say that
in in this journey I am still just
getting started this is just the
beginning for me with that I'll see you
at five million man dawning
mMmmm
