it's time to open this huge box this
week's kind of a big week it's like the
last week I'll be in New York they I got
a month or six piece of traveling ahead
when I was younger than right now from -
New York
yep until like a year a year and a half
ago I would take every opportunity I
could get to travel didn't care where I
was going didn't care why I was going
there but in the last year that's
changed so dramatically now I just want
to be here working that said I'm about
to run a six-week marathon of traveling
so this so this is what sapphire sewed
it so this is what the next five week
five so this is what the next five weeks
of my travel life looks like it starts
at the end of this week here in New York
City when Owen and I are going to begin
our cross-country road trip to take him
to college in San Francisco that trips
going to include like four or five stop
for an advice from New York City to
Chicago to somewhere else to Denver to
Vegas and then to San Francisco
Owen picked out all the stops on this
trip he's he's pretty excited about it
then immediately after dropping the kid
off in San Francisco I'm going to fly
back from SF all the way to New York
City for one day for one day I know but
I've got things to take care of I'll
take a day if I can get a day after that
one day I'm you flying from New York
City BAM
to Texas here when we run neighboring
with Candace from Texas from Texas hurt
I are going to be getting on an airplane
and we're going to be flying out of the
states here to London then from London
we're going to be going down to Rome
from Rome we're going to go into
montenegro and then Croatia at a couple
of other places that we're going to be
flying from there to germany from
germany back to texas we're going to be
leaving canvas in Texas from Texas I'll
be flying back to New York City I'm in
New York City for I don't know maybe
like three four days something like that
then immediately after that I'm we find
from the city down to to Columbia here
in South America from Columbia BAM
down to Brazil from Brazil back to New
York City in New York City for a couple
more days with the family from New York
City I'm gonna then be flying all the
way to Australia and I'm in Australia
for like a couple days four days maybe
Australia back to New York City all of
that is in the next month or so I'm like
super super excited about I'm also
totally stressed out about all the
travel and being away from the family
yeah so all of that all of it starts
this week it's the middle of the night
I'm editing this scene where I show the
travel I can't figure out how to edit
this that doesn't make me look like a
completely crazy person so I just wanted
to cut away and apologize for just
happened nuts I am in this scene I guess
I was trying to make sense of all this
travel but I really seem like a crazy
person here I'm not that great so it's
kind of kind of a kind of a stressful
kind of a stressful week the time has
come
it's time to open this huge box I really
hate to do this but 4 million
subscribers with yesterday's news
how are you still there
kinda looks it kind of looks even
awesomer now look at that cut leave it
- scooter there's no note but whoever
sent me this thank you hmm
these are the keys there seem to be a
lot of them and I don't know where to
put the key is the problem there's no
keyhole oh oh it's like a Tesla this is
amazing
I can't full tank God take it for a
quick spin before I go home
you know maybe before I go outside I'll
read the
it feels a little ridiculous but also
kind of amazing
definitely feels better standing up and
sitting down well I don't really know
how to ride it is the problem I don't
know I'm pretty sure this is your first
time on it I think this is the seat but
then this also goes like that and then
you can stand there emily is helping me
test this thing Emily do you think it's
more of a bike or scooter a scooter
right mekka do you think that's more of
a biker a scooter poor all right good
luck Oh
don't die you got it
super easy to make friends in New York
City when you have an electric scooter
to offer are you okay sorry I'm Casey
Casey mekka lekka aren't in yet
Emily yeah good to meet you bye guys be
safe oh my god please be safe I'll try
bar guys I gotta get home
this thing is great and all but I'll be
back on the boosted board before the day
is over did you ever see the Mother's
Day episode I did last year probably
like my favorite vlog episode ever
but for Candace's first Mother's Day I
gotta this bike she's never used it
I got the baby on the back of the bike
while I was working for a minute and
then she said out out so we had to stop
but we're gonna try it again frontier he
did she liked the bike ride but she
refused to wear the helmet so kind of
made the whole thing well we can't ride
the bike unless she has a helmet on she
wouldn't wear that
we tried ABS norm or all right okay come
on you can have more we'll try again
tomorrow
she's got her she had her headphones on
