it's like 5:00 in the morning I'm just
waiting for max to get here
max do you think that the Sun will be up
at all when you get the other side of
this tunnel now not a lot now coming
true the moment of truth dark still dark
I think that's it right there yeah right
so we're at the what the helicopter
Junction for my gala Lou's place are
they selling how a copters have no idea
they were there or here
when you do like the tourist thing in
New York City and you fly a helicopter
around the island you don't get to go
over the city to go over the city you
have to have like a film permit license
thing and this company here here they're
the only ones that let you fly over the
city so they emailed me last night like
hey you want to fly this morning I was
like I can't my friend max is in town
and I wanted to bring your friend Max
and here we are ready to fly
you look tired max no I don't my concern
is not falling out of the helicopter
it's being cold all right ready
NASA's no not over there I don't know
they they had to switch me around
it's the afternoon now see I got up at
3:00 and the next out of that I woke up
yesterday in LA so we went back to my
house after the helicopter situation and
both of us took naps that helicopter
really really made me appreciate doors
doors but the real reason why Max is
here today is not just a fly in
helicopters with no doors no we've
worked to do important work to do movie
max's movie that one that we started
like july was the first vlog episode
about it that's right we were in market
Texas and then like and then he like
showed a version of it earlier this year
at this event that we did with Samsung
that movie is about to be released
tomorrow tomorrow no no not tomorrow cuz
it when they see this video it's gonna
be released today it's the one already
it's already up thank you by the way
whenever I get packages that have like
this explosive warning on it this cuz if
this is a thymine that means that it is
out it's up but as of like right now in
real life it's not done yet so it's
finishing it today just a min credit
stuff in the name and the name we don't
have a name yet we don't have a title it
this movie is a triumph this movie is
the story of what it means to like start
with an idea and then realize that idea
all the way through is that fair that's
fair and it's like when you see the
third act do you see the last like when
does that music kick in like six minutes
the last minute the last 60 seconds of
this movie you're just like like if you
were hooked up to an EKG while you were
watching this movie your heart rate
would go up thanks buddy it's taking a
while to get here yeah honey tomorrow
we're releasing Max's movie you're one
of the only people who've seen it so far
can give me an initial review
so max what do you think of that review
all right Thank You Pierre of mutant
thank you for the Candice pool movement
movie review see you later
hey oh yeah Marlon meet max hey Marlon
max I've seen you around I've seen you
around yeah
so um Casey and I have been making a
movie together for like the last five
months literally since July I'm
wondering if I could screen it for you
okay I show it to you yes you can
this is like the whole our whole Max's
whole life is wrapped up in this like
you ready I'm ready
you sure I'm sure okay I'm gonna press
the spacebar it's all gonna start it's
about the creative process weird like
okay don't tempt it oh all right I'm
sorry here we go
first response fast I love it thank you
well see it's different what's very fast
made really fast it's too bad but
different seriously too fast but
different I think that that's a good
review is it a good review it's a good
review
nightmares
ten hours that's it
I got here at 5:00 and now I'm my thing
he'll be late will you make your plate
if we go see canvas first let's let's
roll the dice
Candice wanted to do dinner tonight
I always like our little dates and Max
is kind of like our adopted second or
third
so I can't really stay very long have
you ever been to canvases office now oh
you are in for a treat my friend
hi honey we're here to hang out hey
realize that there were other people
here
hey Morgan which one are you taking max
you see uh might I recommend the I like
this one
the black by the way if you're
interested in Billy clothing perhaps for
a Christmas present or something I think
the go-to looks very thinning go to
Candice pool calm honey I'm trying to
give you a plug go to max ooh be late
dinner is canceled all right max I hope
the movies a big hit all right buddy
there will be a big head
yeah that's how they do the deal bye max
bye max max is one of the greatest
people ever and he's been working it so
go check it out make sure you give it a
thumbs out the title for your eternity
no I thought we did not dream to reality
from dreamed reality that's the movie
dream to reality or from from a dream
from
