today's episode is going to be different
totally different from the normal
episodes I want to add that's right
this is special presentation very
special episode I'm going to tell a
story I want to tell a story that I've
never shared before now if you watch the
news or read the newspaper or go on the
internet or open your eyes I'm sure
you're keenly aware of what's going on
with the presidential election here in
the US of A accept your nomination
accept your nomination and I don't want
to get into the politics of it but I
think we can all agree it's not pretty
now I do my best to keep this vlog as a
political as possible I try to omit all
politics from it and talk about things
that I think we can all agree on
and today's episode is no different it
is about politics but it's not just bear
with me the political tenor around the
current election is just a mess and I
want to talk about a time when it wasn't
so I want to go all the way back to 2008
however back in 2008 I was a much
younger version of myself and I just
learned about this young senator from
Chicago and the first time I heard him
speak I was completely blown away cut to
later that year whirring really close to
the election my homie Graham called me
you might remember Grammys the I climb
mountains with Graham was running the
campaign office in this little town in
Ohio called Ironton so I went down there
and I helped Graham at the campaign
office and I was like out answer phones
Obama campaign this is Casey Obama
campaign this is Casey Ironton Obama
campaign this is Casey Louis Obama
campaign office in Ironton
this is Casey there is Lawrence County
Obama campaign this is Casey I also go
door-to-door door-to-door is the
scariest thing ever there was one time
when a guy into the door in his
underwear holding a shotgun saying I'll
never vote for them I was also at a time
when at the time she was just senator
but now Secretary Clinton came to give a
talk that was a fun day Graham was
grabbed actually introduced the governor
that day
it's 9:30 on the East Coast 6:30 on the
west coast Barack Obama has run the
crucial battleground state of Ohio 20
election this was such an exciting - I
immediately left the office I got on my
bike I just started running around the
city this is Union Square
these were all people cheering because
of who is elected for present at the
tenor of politics today look at this
excitement
it was just everywhere it was people
going nuts this is Times Square in New
York City November 4th 2008
and then January 20th 2009 this is when
they sign the president in the old
president goes out the new one comes in
they make everything official he stands
up there everybody cheers for him now
look Washington DC is about 225 miles
south of here
so of course I zipped it down to DC
where I rendezvous with Graham
almost inauguration time been standing
for seven seven ah let's see seven
straight hours my back starting to hurt
yeah I had never been Washington DC
before when there was a presidential
inauguration happening but there were
just parties everywhere and we went to
all of them the same day as 2:00 in the
morning this is a younger 26 year old
case yeah I'm not the maniac now that I
thought I was then and then we knew that
our tickets for the actual inauguration
put us in a field where we could either
be at the front of or all the way in the
back so we showed up at like 4:00 in the
morning to be the first ones into that
field guns please - Bobby's here
that's nobody bit this is when they
finally opened the gates and DC police
and Secret Service were like hold back
hold back don't go just yet
don't go hold steady
laughs laughs okay
I'm happy I'm good with it where's John
I think this is the spot you can see the
podium and the big screen now this was
just by chance but that guy over my
right shoulder right there that is John
Singleton the Academy Award nominated
director of boys in the hood we're back
on Access Hollywood live director John
this portion of John Singleton's home
video will be directed by Casey nice
tats
I'm dr. Casey's camera notice that he
put his name on it just like he's like
it ain't like he's 8 years old he had to
put his name on camera Casey forgot you
know whose camera was we're also wearing
shirts and ties that was Brandon's idea
never asked him why are you putting on a
tie we're gonna stand in the field for a
whole day and he said when you're an old
man and you look back at the day you
were at Barack Obama's inauguration
don't you want to see yourself wearing a
shirt and tie I'm sorry my string
borning else I'm sorry that my hand is
in your face I just got to get this you
need to use my hand no in red what are
you doing
I think after the inauguration on our
way home that happened we fell asleep on
the street or something we weren't so
tired we did go out that night though
the inaugural staff party jay-z
performed
I was a super fun night and it ended
with Graham taking without permission a
presidential seal I mean they were gonna
throw it out anyway as he was leaving
with this presidential seal security
stopped and they're like what is that
and he showed it to him
and then the security guy was just like
you're okay have a good night
released a go
it's great
if I had an epilogue for this story
would be that in 2012 Graham my homie he
actually ran for Congress my name is
Graham VZ and I approve this message
because you should know that there's a
fresh alternative he lost but he put up
a good fight before you were born I was
trying to raise questions about
davis-besse so I can't okay in Auto
County would know that there is a guy
who puts actions behind his words I
probably should have put this message at
the beginning of this episode but save
your hate from the comments this is just
about me sharing an experience and to
maybe underscore just how gnarly things
are right now in politics can you
imagine seeing that kind of excitement
around this election because I can't
