we laid off those are scales right there
it's Monday and guess what shows that
shows actions back Shaun's back shot
back Shaun's back
I'm trying to teach Shaun how to ride
the boosted board record with a video
camera and drink a smoothie at the same
time how's it going John out off do you
do this Angela yeah and you have a drone
on your backpack oh wait is it nerf
battle there's been an honor for in this
building for the last couple days really
dangerous making it to and from the
office to the bathroom I thought I'd
start this Monday episode off with a
little bit of mail time before I get
started with mail time I just want to
say the sheer quantity of packages and
presents that people have sent me is
insane if you're one of those people who
said you guys are amazing
thank you and just because I can't open
all them on this vlog because that would
get real boring real fast I really did
these mean the world to me it makes it's
like Christmas every day yes
all right first package that says no
stabby stabby Casey my name is William a
huge fan for watching this get him
apparel brand well William thanks for
this entire gigantic box of jeans I will
circulate it among the beam team
accordingly always appreciate the candy
do you Casey Ryan's Adam I'm from the
Czech Republic of you my dad and I
founded a company that sells sharpening
stone
thanks for the sharpening stone Adam
dear Casey is following videos youtube
George at icon speech thank you for this
very handsome shirt somebody sent me a
box of screws no message no note just a
box of screw thank you Wow it's a bust
and I'm pretty sure it's of me
it's how what is up its how what I hope
is that what I look like this is the
only note if you want to see it me go go
there that's an awesome mail time
present hi GZ we are sorry van thanks
Megan its rava look at all this stuff
funny cycling hair your case you have
wife and I invented night runners to
keep people safe flashlights for your
shoes hey thanks a lot Doug and Renata
hike easy and close our two of our
brand-new profits reflect three citizen
totally hip hop enjoy Bob thanks pops
I'm into this high keys you don't know
how interested you are in poetry or
religion but this book is well thank you
very much
you didn't put your name I appreciate
all most forms of literature and I will
certainly give this a shot ear box whoa
hello
prettiest thing people own up with the
teeth why don't we just open the big
boxes the casein please imposed roll
over lives thanks Leah
I'll save this one for later I don't
know this is my already like that's like
what is like already built to like a
penny-farthing bike is this part of it
no that gets locked in right there I
look like a quick-release
oh hi Casey this is Ricardo from ex
scooter net we creative you are ences
understand being green is important
video resolve that thanks for caught up
for the ex scooter the executor is a
busy woman
there's no note with this black thing I
didn't see one but I didn't look very
good Thank You half bike mine pretty
much came built-in yours pretty much
came when I say it's every day is like
Christmas I mean every day is like
Christmas there's a lot of park here
beginning to look a lot like Christmas
everywhere you go it's Christmas it's so
jealous of all these toys you get so
dude that just looks cool eat go oh you
need these pedals others disruption bro
bro bro bro uh very recently thinking of
getting another motorcycle
Candace is against it just because of
the dangerousness nests but uh I feel
like this might say she ate that desire
that's a key ignition oh that's how you
know it's real
please dude fancy keys what is this for
what yeah this is awesome this alarm
rah
I don't know look at this Sean's in town
for some sort of work situation he's
staying with me
and I know how we're getting back to my
apartment tonight so what's going on I'm
ready to go
just crash into a cup I really can't
write this dude like you got it buddy
why do you turn like that I don't know
you're straight huh
meanwhile I'm on the x-wing miniatures
so far you figured it out you got it
yeah look at this - look man freaking
boss there you killed it this is a cop
right here try not to crash into holy
crap this is so sketchy you're looking
got it Shawn I got it you really got
that
Oh
but
shut up
this thing's got that hard look is
cooling that deal the headlight pretty
nice headlight go take it for a spin
yeah
so tell me what was so hard about this
everything you just go straight bro
just paddle go straight bro I told you
you can't even just go fast which right
show
test run is in
I'm sorry one more
that was attempt number six I think six
pretty gnarly Falls one more I swear
that's good though nice nice work man
look
haha
