hey Bailey last time I put you in the
vlog everybody went crazy for you so you
have some fans on the internet you want
to say anything that you want me to put
your phone number in the description so
I can follow you
today's episode this this is going to be
less of a fun episode less of a happy
one this one it's going to be
sentimental and maybe a little sad
thank you bye thank you very much
you
Candace and I are on a road mission to
go to Connecticut we are not going there
for a fun weekend at the beach not this
time you'll see my dad and then go home
we got to say hello to the old man and
then we got to get to work yeah we don't
like that car I know we didn't I know it
acts funny
see you later Barry bye dad we're almost
there
are you getting Saturn nostalgic at all
Candace have ours me too
we're here what we're doing here what
we're doing today is we're packing up
the Connecticut House because we're
selling it and it goes in the market
this week
this house buying this house is like one
of the most proud moments of my entire
life
see this neighborhood with the cool
beach I didn't grow up here I grew up in
kind of like a less nice part of the
hood across the river I always wanted to
live here and after Owen my older kid
after his mom and I broke up I you know
I immediately moved to New York City but
I would come back here three days a week
so I'd be in New York City Monday to
Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday I'd be
here to be with my kiddo and at first
time we we didn't have a place to stay
we sit in the Attic of my dad's coffee
shop for a while we stayed on my
grandmother's couch and I slowly creeped
up like eventually we got his tiny
apartment where he and I slept on bunk
beds we rented this small house and then
today is November 20th November 20th
mm no September 20th 2009 and that was
like such it was such a big moment for
me over the first time I opened the door
after I closed on the house I had the
keys and we walked the door and I was
like this is our home now and if you can
imagine what it feels like to explain to
your kid why you're sleeping in an
unfurnished attic as a parent like that
was humiliating for me and if you can
sort of you can sort of flip that over
like in verse that that was the pride
that I felt when I finally bought this
house for own and me what are you doing
going to the house what's special about
today
it's we've actually got a house you made
a lot of money out of your music money I
mean what is almost almost another
family to you yes a good question and
have you made millions of dollars no are
you a rich man
when you reach watching me you have a
lot of possessions lot of money in the
bank position making ribs I don't have
that that for richness my richness is
life
so how this shirt I just found look it I
made this for Candace like ten years ago
and look this is Candace Samia in South
Africa 2006 this was 10 years ago look
how young this house made me feel like a
grown up
one of the reasons why I love Candace so
much is that when we started dating the
first time she came to Connecticut with
me she slept on the couch at my Nana's
house because own and I didn't have a
place to stay here so I like the journey
that was this house and Candace and
everything like she was around and it
was like really when our lives were like
really kind of we really struggled huh
all right are you gonna get dressed or
just wear a towel home you look great
you know life goes on and Owen hasn't
been a baby for a while he's going to
college in like two weeks this house and
last couple years has gone from this
like the thing of pride in my life to
this burden because we feel like we have
to come here it's very hard to get here
with the baby
Owen doesn't even want to hang out here
anymore she has like a car and a job and
life just keeps going you've got to keep
living man Li VI in
you
all right that's it most likely the last
or at least close to the last time I'll
ever walk out of that door again
what are you sad really sad
she was a selfie
now let's take a picture
