it's happening inside this box well I
haven't seen them yet inside this box is
something amazing now I've always wanted
to do merch but this is one of those
situations where I let perfection get in
the way of good enough I just saw this a
while ago guys afraid to take on
something new like I got me time so I
haven't done it but okay two things
happen number one my friend Roy you've
seen him in the vlog before he's like a
designer major creative director guy and
he offered to do the design on the KC
nice that merch and then on top of that
my other friend david dobrik he linked
me up with fan joy who does all the work
so took all the burden away and this is
the first look allowed me to model is
ever since I left the city to work
harder so this is the size medium white
on black hoodie we'll call it at the
work harder hoodie got the KC nice tat
branding with the CM star logo right
there oh boy these are so good I've been
thinking about doing this for like years
and then I was like a cop and I was like
now if I'm gonna do it the designs have
to be awesome I'm a terrible clothing
designer I don't really know what whoa
you want to see a t-shirt start
the sanitation look at the star logo
it's so good there's some kids outside
you have a t-shirt for me I have a
t-shirt for you can you guys model this
way
by the way and I know I'm trying to make
a video to promote my new merch but that
girl makes this shirt check it out I
wish this were a case you nice that
merch shirt very nice to meet you and
best of luck with your shirts all right
so that's kind of that kind of sums up
the case you know it's that ah that kind
of sums up the case unites that mercs
line hey this is early I just wanted to
get these out before Christmas and when
we have a couple of things I want to be
like pants and all this other stuff too
but for now it's like a couple of
sweatshirt designs
t-shirt design and that's sort of it the
site goes live Chris I got the samples
they're perfect I want to get them up I
want to make it so people can buy them
as quickly as possible how soon can we
make this happen
I can I can figure that out within I can
figure that out by tomorrow but yes all
right so that means as you're seeing
this then the site is already live
amazing also sorry I am my microphone
was unplugged when I was on the phone
with Chris so if that sounded super
weird it's live this is probably a
favorite one by the way like I mean I
like the work harder one but check this
out all right and that kind of concludes
Casey nice hats first Mercs line
presentation to you my audience all
that's left now is a little bit of
photography to show this stuff off
