ha give them that kind of ticket for
texting while driving because the cops
hang out just like out where the people
come out of the tunnel and if they see
you texting they just pull you over
immediately which i think is a really
good thing
texting while driving stupid dangerous
she's not pregnant I assure you she's
not pregnant
but she's been talking about it a lot
lately
I mean like not-so-subtle hints like
don't you think Francine needs a little
brother or a little sister she's been
talking about it more
obviously shows right up here around the
corner see I'm chillin right there and
they're looking for people who are
texting if you live in New York City or
anywhere in the world don't text and
drive
hello and welcome to my workshop on
today's agenda is a repair of this
camera it looks like a functioning
camera when in reality broken LCD I
don't really remember the specifics but
love I'm sure I like drop oh I think I
knocked this over and it anyway I need
to repair this
I got a little more aggressive with this
Ned planned I probably broke it up no it
needs to be tweaked because I can't open
it all the way but not bad a step in the
right direction I used to Wow that is
bright is this ring like just too
distracting for me to use to look like a
space alien Oh key Doki no ring light
just natural light but tilted to it I
used to do on this channel like these
really intense q and a's where i dive
deep into specific subjects I stopped
doing them because people kept saying
they were boring in the comments and I'm
really insecure about that so but I
thought to get enough reason so today I
want to do a Q&A where I really dive
into a subject that people ask me about
a lot I want to talk about YouTube if
you're not into this just skip ahead
till this exact time and that's when the
Q&A will be over Michael asks how do you
balance your public YouTube life with
your personal life it's actually not
that hard that's pretty easy the hard
part is balancing the workload that is
being a youtuber with my personal life
in order like really leverages platform
it is so much work I never party I never
drink
I never socialize I never want to go out
to dinner I don't want to hang out with
friends and that has an impact on my on
my personal life I really only like to
use cheap lightweight tripods and every
time I try to use the fancy ones that I
can Casey one is constantly being
recognized in public the most annoying
don't take this the wrong way
I love being recognized all the times I
love meeting new people with one
exception outside of my office it's very
hard when I'm when I'm at work I'm like
so busy I
no free time and I'm racing in and out
of my office to get to meetings or me
like I'm just so overwhelmed in the few
hours that I have here that it's
frustrating when I meet people here
because I don't have time a lot of times
I have to run out I like I don't know
time to say hello have to get home to
like get the beat that's what's
frustrating
besides that like no I love meeting new
people I wouldn't do this if I didn't
love meeting new people I know money is
a touchy subject but how many views
subscribers before a channel or creator
can expect to make a living I don't know
there's like a specific end but I will
tell you it's very very hard
you have your youtubers at the top that
make a lot of money into insane views
and then you have like everybody else
like there's no YouTube middle class I
think that something YouTube could work
harder at it's really hard to like pay
for making videos and make a living off
of YouTube what do you think was the
biggest Taylor oh your YouTube community
not doing daily content sooner
everybody does daily now there's a
zillion daily vloggers it's hard to
stand out if I'd done what I'm doing now
like five six years ago I think it
really would have liked a lot of
questions like where do you see YouTube
in the next couple of years
I don't know everybody's going after
video right now Facebook's going after
video TV Netflix Amazon you have all
these new spaces to fill and I think
YouTube has been just dominating that
space for a really long time and when
you look to the future and when you look
to the future you see like all these
other opportunities for creators and I
think that's a great thing for creators
and I actually think it's a good thing
for YouTube too because it's going to
make YouTube better competition makes
everyone better do you like the fact
that you get hate over nothing
the comments section of YouTube I see is
just like Twitter it is wonderful what
it stands for and what it enables it's
terrible and execution and that it lets
people hide behind a Manomet e to spew
hate it should be a forum for positive
meaningful conversation and instead it
enables the trolls of this world to have
another mouthpiece to spew their vitriol
how often does YouTube reach out to you
how much communication do you have with
them it's nearly every single day the
support that I get from YouTube is
incredible it's part of the reason why I
love YouTube so much
do you like the title youtuber more than
the title filmmaker yes I do
oh shoot on film I shoot on video I
don't put my movies in movie theaters I
put them on YouTube
I am only a youtuber I'm not a filmmaker
and I love that distinction that is a
very important distinction for me okay
Candice just emailed me and said come
visit her so I'm gonna go see Candace
right now last question was reaching a
hundred subscribers difficult for you
yes reaching a hundred subscribers
reaching hundred subscribers was way
harder than reaching a thousand and then
reaching a thousand was way harder than
reaching like a hundred thousand and
reaching a hundred thousand was harder
than a million in without a doubt 1
million was way harder to do than 3
million let me end this Q&A my brain is
a brain it on in
it's exactly like making a living in
life like when I was dirt poor when I
couldn't afford to feed my family and I
worked two jobs in a restaurant
scrubbing pots and pans that was the
hardest dollar I ever had to earn when I
had $0 and I needed to earn my first
hundred that was so much harder there's
a great book by Peter Thiel called zero
to one I love the book but I don't
endorse his political preference in that
book he addresses how hard it is to
start with nothing and turn it into
something you start with zero and you
get to one that's the hardest thing you
can do alright I got to meet Candice
I just wanted to share this sign with
you because I really like the language
that uses respect those filmy a
time-lapse and the fireman dropped their
ear protection I will return this
it just fell off the truck thank you
appreciate it you got it
oh now no matter what happens today I
know I did something good hi what's
happening in here I really liked me to
pitch in this up at work are you ready
to go towards Adonis in the morning that
will direct you
you take meetings in Jersey but this my
project yeah
well
has that gotten old yet yeah no Tesla
it's the safest car you can buy think
you would love it
yeah you don't even go crash in regular
cars that aren't Tesla's why don't I
just get you a Tesla
or isn't
how does somebody not want to test them
we're on an affray work excursion to
check out this new restaurant that
opened on the water over there some it
looks nice isn't it yes
Bayley on the restaurant baby freaked
out but we tried people just prepared in
the QA and there were like 10 people
that were like Hakka Marlins never in
the vlog anymore oh I don't know so full
I see you all the time I guess I just
don't fit the cam run yeah it's a busy
man
