yeah that ring that if you walk that
definitely I'm not playing that in
Reverse the dog walks backwards
it is 7:40 in the a.m. here in Vancouver
British Columbia today's the big day
we're doing all kinds of crazy fun stuff
today including helicopters and icebergs
and Oh bad news we're not going to get
to play with the polar bear and the
grizzly bear today because the place
where they it's not happening we still
have like one of the most ridiculous
days of my entire life planned ahead
Oscars sleeping look a lot boysson time
to go okay how many minutes do you have
mmm 15 20 stinks in there what's going
on man all right well I just I just woke
up His Royal Highness Oscar boysson but
we're we're ready to go packing up all
my camera gear now we have to be super
diligent what we take because you're
going to take so much in a helicopter so
I'm leaving behind all non-essential
gear and bringing all the really
important stuff like camera batteries
on our way now to meet Bradley he's at
the coffee place not sure the exact
plans we just texted me saying we're
ahead of schedule which is very rare for
me
just leave it 6:30 he's Pali Hill here
sort of hi really morning morning all
right operator system all right we're
here at ravans HQ this is part of the
squad that's going to come with us
cameras ready here here's what else have
we been doing for last twenty five
minutes ah we talking how long have you
lived here I've been in here since 2006
dude this place is so thank you yeah yes
I got it I did all the design myself
myself everything I didn't do there's a
story to this crazy bachelor pad that
this guy lived in he was on the home
page of Reddit because you I came home
again there was some girls in bikinis
standing on my wall but I don't
understand the McCallum show in the
picture I don't understand well you have
to be 18 plus to see a picture of girls
in bikinis on your kitchen counter okay
they can't get not-safe-for-work
heidi's this is my doing on my phone
that's bigger
this picture is why this apartment was
on the home page of Reddit look that's
this counter with all these bikini girls
it was it did you kick him out after
that yeah yeah yeah yeah I got the broom
yeah what do you sell me now more than
bikinis no that was my fridge during the
2010 but you know that is yeah that's
like that's John Snow yeah I've been
doing your apartment they showed up
randomly promise so we just help you
today to market
all right first thing is for everyone
revolution the main rotor does at the
top safety but one at the back to five
to six revolutions also the perfect
height to your head right off if I have
a heart attack or on top of the mountain
flip this button to on you'll get a red
blinking light right here two hours
later a really big helicopter from 442
coma Hawk shows up I've had it happen
once maybe if you guys need I'm ready to
go man all right it's time it's time
you ready badly you ready buddy just
putting the dog in and then we're gonna
be airborne how you doing back there
Oscar solid excited you and that Lee
yeah we're getting acquainted just put
this right pardon the interruption in
today's exciting episode of the vlog
okay this is a little bit of a conflict
right now is like the day after whenever
I shot that I'm going to end like the
vlog they're like I'm not going to show
what happened after we took off in the
helicopter and life and the reason why
is like because I cut like this awesome
short video but I don't release that
short video until Thursday so and then I
don't want to show behind the scenes cuz
that'll make like I don't want to show
what happened because then that won't
make sense when I do release the short
video so when I release this short video
later in the week I'll release another
episode that's what happened behind the
scenes but for now this episode just you
have this gigantic hole in it being
filled by sitting here right now and
then it's going to pick back up when the
day is over there's anything else I can
say to like so like they don't write
mean comments hmm
I'm sorry I just say you gotta trust me
on this one
that's it right yeah look at this see
that see that that's how long I've been
sitting here editing ok back to the
episode it's nearly midnight we are
finally back there's the helicopter
there's Brad I can't believe that after
everything we did say that can't be
matter consider their failure it was
like the greatest day ever so who gives
it all so you should subscribe to Brad's
YouTube channel because I'm going back
to New York but he'll be here in British
Columbia flying helicopters
that summarizes how the day went up
