that's like skating with Pikachu
something's going on at the police
station down here what's going on
coaches it's a small protest a lot of
time
plenty of cops
Oh
hectic day to the hectic tech I got a
lot of things to figure out by tomorrow
morning today it's just a bonkers day
because I've had this crazy idea for a
movie that requires like a lot of
traveling a lot of logistics some risk
to my personal well-being in the last
couple like weeks I had like a branded
content like a company that's willing to
give me money to make a youtube video
anyway I'm doing it I've got the budget
only trouble is I have to shoot it like
tomorrow this weekend and I've got
nothing planned when I say this is
logistically complicated I mean this
involves like travel airplanes thousands
of miles in between here in the location
probably a helicopter maybe a jet ski
some icebergs if you nah I need somebody
to go with me ex fear might come with me
and it's all happening like tomorrow so
gonna figure that out also special
guests in the office today
sleeping Candice
lunch at the Vietnamese place with
Candice she's getting pho I'm getting
something that's like bow to you if I
didn't know any more like buff to Navajo
feel like it's a croissant
not a fossil the taco not a taco
we used to live right next to this place
and we come here like at least three
times a week but that will come here so
often do most people say father do they
say pho pho
oh that's the right one
Lu
your talk to Oscar I'll be right back
yo are you down to leave tomorrow
shoot icebergs on Saturday fly back
Sunday morning it's possible yeah I
would I mean I would rather leave as
late as possible to her
I don't know I have this guy who seems
awesome who's got the helicopter the
icebergs maybe a jet ski and all the
other things that we need and he's in
that's all I got
I'm gonna get my phone that has all the
info on
you've written that thing for him yeah
okay so here's what I got it says looks
good weather walk if that's the case we
can use any jet ski because the heli can
sling 2500 pounds I think that means
they're going to give us a bigger
helicopter which can carry a bigger jet
ski to take to the icebergs this guy
I've never met is one who's setting all
this stuff up for us he's awesome this
is exactly how you should never never
plan a movie we can have you cliff jump
off of icebergs ah yes the only thing is
the water is 34 degrees so we'll
literally die if we run it for more than
60 seconds 60 seconds that's what he
said yeah but he's got dry suits hey
it's Kasey you're on the phone with uh
with my co-conspirator Oscar and I and
we're just trying to figure out
logistics from Vietnam can we get some
polar bears yeah and can we tut like
what-what is access to a polar bear
means like walks up and like kisses you
on the face oh my god
can the can the grizzly can the grizzly
bear give me a hug can we fit in a
grizzly bear and jet skiing through the
glaciers through the icebergs on the
same day and what we're doing all this
via a helicopter right what we're gonna
carry the jet ski under the helicopter
with a rope yeah so basically what was
it's all good
does please come their link suppliers so
if we want you can also have done by
parachute into the lake probably out of
the question but there's nowhere to get
there's there's no way to get there
grizzly bear in the helicopter fine all
right sounds good this is my cell phone
call me anytime
otherwise we're gonna start booking
right now wow I've never met that guy
we're like yeah I do booked this stuff
now for you to make this happen
Oh
but we only have 24 hours to do all of
it so it's a bit of a crunch but that's
why I asked Oscar come he's literally
the only friend I could think of that
would subject himself to the chaos it's
going to be those 24 hours see Austrian
I've been around the world together
about a half a dozen times he was with
me in the Philippines we did that relief
mission he and I had been to Africa
together he and I had been all over
Europe together so he's the right man to
do this with me any sight he's sighted I
don't know what I like more going to the
dentist ordering the bank I'm using the
bank's conference room for a business
call
other you couldn't macro we're walking
home now but we're gonna do a pit stop
that balloon saloon so we can get a
present for Francine you don't have an
Elmo balloon day oh yeah we do
so it's crazy foam for the bath that
that's that paint in the tub
how about just far beyond a surfboard
how about this do you think that this
obscure look at how intense this variety
of dog bye-bye guys
honey she's gonna love it I think it's
too honey Hakan you spent today asleep
on my couch
you feel better now good oh well I said
you didn't feel good I don't know what's
correct
do you feel better now just right now
I'll feel better tomorrow morning
got the paperwork pokemons yeah I did
put the wings all the time
