your jumper daddy
could I take the bow off when a
three-year-old tells you to wear a bow
on your run yes you wear a bow on your
run
about five miles out five miles into my
run people really treat you differently
when you have a pink bow on your head
yeah I wouldn't normally wear this
officer I hope it doesn't make you think
less of me
all right look at the reflection of the
World Trade Center in that building
World Trade Center reflection Wow all
right I think I'm gonna stop running now
breakfast meeting this morning I have
something kind of controversial to say
right now but I think buddy's here
buddy's pie shop has the best pancakes
of any breakfast or other restaurant in
all of New York City
I didn't get the pancakes I got the eggs
but the pancakes are still the best in
the city Alex got eggs to like deliver
platitudes on never be a quitter
recently quit like I gave up on threw in
the towel and didn't finish let me
explain so so I made this video I think
it was okay like it wasn't bad bad but
as I was watching it back this morning
about to upload it I realized that like
it wasn't good either
it felt rushed and like so I'm flinging
up this failure this quit this quitting
I'm bringing this up to you now because
I don't giving up on that video made me
realize that I need to focus more on my
YouTube videos you know my head's been
really focused on on beam and on family
and all these other things happening in
my life but I still got all these crazy
ideas and instead of investing a bunch
of time to realize those ideas like I
used to I try to rush them and it always
leaves me with something that that's
unsatisfactory so I'm just bringing all
this up to you now to let you know I'm
gonna be giving my videos more focus and
more attention because this is kind of
the only thing gives me a tremendous
sense of fulfilment in my career kind of
in my life beyond family and stuff
and I missed that I want to get back to
that YouTube I love you you mean the
world to me you've got a special place
in my heart and you always will even if
sometimes I get a little distracted
- the oddities these are like nineteen
fifties nuclear bomb you
the sweet love story trying to I've been
trying to take this subway more see it's
not that I don't like the subway I've
always liked this subway I just don't
like being stuck in a crowded subway
with a lot of people around me coughing
on me and my ear and somebody always
smells bad but during the day that
Subway's kind of empty in the subway
plus boosted board combination basically
getting anywhere and like next to no
time saves me battery power it's
especially true when I'm going to
midtown is you're the 50th Street right
now and boosted riding all the way up
there and taught me a little bit
dangerous would kill the battery check
this out too
Jevons good to see you doctor later
yeah I love your videos bro he's my man
shield the taxi drivers nice to see you
love this here so I'm in Midtown uh
somebody was asking me last time I
talked about Midtown to explain the city
a little bit the city goes like this get
your five boroughs Manhattan is the
Burrell I'm primarily in that's where I
am right now
Manhattan sort of this long family Cole
Island the bottom of that island is
downtown top of that Island is uptown
middle of the island that's Midtown most
of my life like where I live where my
office is where I like spend most
minutes most that's downtown
you did I'm going to the 39th floor
what's the address v12 Simeon 6th Ave
yeah
that's incorrect that that's not where
I'm going just leave your stuff on the
couch here if you want look at this
studio okay what's going on here is
first we feast or complex has this show
called hot ones
Casey verse the wings of death it's it's
one of my favorite shows on YouTube it's
one of the best shows on YouTube all
right Pete all right Peter the vlog so
what happens here is I well whatever you
should just watch it it comes out in a
couple weeks on on their channel I'll
link it below who would you say has been
who are your some of your bigger guests
trying to make me seem like a big deal
here you know wait Kevin Hart and Hart
ricky gervais Cara Delevingne key and
Peele Casey nice they're heavy hitters
all right we can do this let's do it
let's do it so here's what's going on in
that room they have a show called hot
ones weren't to have people like me and
whoever on there you eat hot wings they
get progressively hotter throughout the
interview until they kind of break you
I've been waiting to be on this show for
like a really long time I'm a huge fan
those are the wing bones we just we just
it's the old post game got a chunk some
milk yeah it's tough look at these
flavors
this one's called Megadeth sauce with
liquid rage everything's burning mmm
but thanks for having me anytime Casey
any time good pleasure come on back
see I like wings I think I think wings
are delicious but uh but like I said I
don't need much spicy food and I think
plans over that's like really intense
exercise class tonight and I'm worried
that uh going to work out right now with
nothing in my stomach but like insanely
hot chicken wings might be a bad idea I
just like there's always a lot of people
in these exercise classes and I don't
want to throw up in front of everybody
and right now I give myself like 50/50
of that happening I mean maybe not 50/50
but there's a fire brewing in my stomach
right now and there's one thing there's
a Mel boil the stomach full of spicy
fried chicken it's a high intensity
exercise high intensity
I brought you some hot sauce I'm gonna
drink a little bit before we start I'm
gonna join them and have some people I
teach
till I can get my name is your boss you
call me J G paradox SJ g paradox you can
check out my Instagram j 8y g paradox
and you can check out my facebook add me
on facebook j JD r jg paradox again
Siobhan's I can't promise something to
put all that but I will try I'll try
