this is the pen that shocks people well
it's like bright bright rightist laser
light why didn't I see that coming why
would you just hand me a pen this is it
shooting the Pokemon video today special
guest appearance Pikachu
thunderous so this is how it starts
we're headed to the office now we're
meeting with the team there we're going
to plan and ship out
this is the satellite office I'm excited
to see it there's actually the first
time I've used the satellite office for
something real
how's it coming in here guys this is the
best and this I look exactly like your
 characters let's get a pokey box
that's good yeah I can't throw anyway
for the air show I think we're set
all right we're getting there props
Department is almost done they're just
finishing that pokey hat
Sean's practicing skateboarding with the
pokey fuse Pro both boosted boards have
been turned into a pokey board and
they're and a pica board these are our
pokeballs
these looks so good that this oh yeah
this one is actually a wiffle ball and
then this is a mini soccer ball and then
this pokey tub that's a gigantic tub for
the final shot we spent about 45 minutes
putting the other comprehensive shot
list it's more just like big ticket
things we want to hit to make sure we
can get it all in one day gimble is
there roan is there Oh Komar what are we
forgetting I think we got everything we
refine I like when you're trying to play
pokemon go on the app keeps crashing
it's out Zack what's happening all right
let's go everybody out leaving us do ya
leave it
that's not true with card this is it
we're here I'm gonna pull the first shot
about to happen
we're good I think we're getting pulled
over though
I got one time
I'll shoot slowly
it's one another
are we filming up yeah well it just
makes it there okay first I don't want
to make I don't want anybody get in
trouble we made it exactly one shot in
before we got pulled over by the cops so
we almost had two shots that's you
almost have to cut powerful this yeah um
well let's just have a quick meeting
that you have me warrants out for your
arrest - no worries thank you okay
next shot are we ready guys we're going
to go to Tompkins Auto shoot we got a
ticket lame come on
all right it is now 5:00 p.m. we're just
throwing a Times Square to get like that
some fill-in shots but we're about four
hours behind schedule
Time Square now we got to be in and out
we're still late on time
it's pretty hot in here but things
this is the this is the New York Times
we released the Pokemon video yesterday
it's doing really well it has like two
million views I wanted to share with you
some of the details behind making that
video because I know when I see videos
like that on YouTube like fun
short viral videos that they seem so
easy to make and yesterday was anything
but easy to realize like as you've seen
in this video we had four people who
either into minivan Sean like couldn't
see anything inside of that Pikachu mask
obviously we attracted a lot of
attention from the police that's just
what happens when you're riding around
New York City on Electric skateboards
dressed as videogame characters but I
hope that this episode that shines a
little light on on what it took to pull
together that like three-minute really
fun video shows that like even when
you're making something silly something
is stupid as like a Pokemon video that
it still requires like an insane amount
of work and a lot of focus and like
talented people and how to work cameras
and the cooperation of like an entire
city okay I'll get back to the video now
I'm just as I'm watching it I felt like
this narrative was missing like just how
hard it was to pull that off what is
this noise
I hope that looked like something you I
definitely escaped though I got come
alright so we didn't know any of those
people we just started yelling
instruction and all 100 of them wah
perfectly there's a pointing to the
choreography and there goes Dylan
he's a good soldier today 7:30 now I
don't really know how it takes so long
to shoot a two-minute video but we're
almost done what's left there Shawn app
keeps crashing it's really sure on us
behind schedule so I think literally we
need two more shots three ice cream shop
that's right we don't see a nice herb
shop like when I kick your stomach yeah
if you're like goodness kick my stomach
should be like that then I kick myself
pull back Oh Troy value should be like
 like this and then just pull me out
like what okay then get on the ground
just like beating me in though you kick
my stomach and like like that and then I
react but then I grab you and like start
like Game of Thrones stop fight you
don't know we're like like and so really
like hurt each other like it's it's okay
a little bit you know what I mean yeah
no I want you to like knock out my teeth
and black-and-gold my eyes you know I
would on the grass like a little bunch
people I know how they thank you okay
okay I don't want to fight kick them
scared can we just like end up with us
cuddling or something would that be
funny or now okay here we go
oh man I think just uh what's fight I've
kind of always the one to like fight you
so this is good laughs you can run yeah
he's bad
yeah
I always get this feeling at the end of
a long shoot like that that the video is
gonna suck no it's gonna be off we got
such good stuff I just like show loss
but awesome team and five cameras worth
of awesome footage let's hope so showing
an and a Pokemon fight and we get
stopped by the cops spice I know yeah
morning now it's 10:15 Sean stayed in my
apartment last night we were up the
entire night editing the Pokemon video
which is now live are you blogging heavy
in the vlog yeah Sean you're in the vlog
you said it live it like maybe like an
hour ago
still don't know it's so really hard to
tell like if it's gonna do well if more
people going to watch it than my normal
videos but stay tuned Sean typically
only eats hamburgers and french fries
and milkshakes Arielle I made a meat of
organic raw smoothie this morning Sean
I'm leaving you here is good to see you
thanks for the help of the video bye
Sean
an old a homemade jacket and a homemade
pokeball look at this pokeball
