today's got to be the hottest day of the
year that's nice okay back to my run I
have to get a surgery this morning at my
like tooth and I'm looking forward to
that just wanna mention really fast not
sure I don't know how much they're gonna
me up but this might have to be like a
silent episode or like a music video or
just like ten minutes of montage because
I might not be able to talk after they
cut me up all right time to go I'm gonna
drill and cut me open and poke holes in
me and hey I hate the dentist what's up
okay how are you my dentist was like the
nicest sweetest human being but holy SH
Berger they're drilling in Korean oh man
I hate going to the dentist tooth is
still a little messed up but I can talk
better now I'm headed up to 25th Street
to meet Candace I'm running late
pretty for a super fast action sequence
nice ride you want to trade mine's
electric too
ready I'm gonna race this guy
nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing
well I'm here on time what should I do
I'll wait for you there's some Hari
Krishna's here
howdy Krishna's look glass hand it's not
it's really important that he follow the
instructions
are you going back to work today no
you're done for the day
so okay I have so much to do for these
people
tonight tonight all the in-laws and all
their family we have to find somewhere
to stay
we can't sleep their own house tonight
Candace
liddie these are eyeballs are you
excited to see your mom
don't buy anything here I don't have any
more room for stuff what meaning and the
ladybug that matches her by Candice
later really good luck hey I'm gonna go
it's not that I don't want to be
supportive of Ryan Emily's new baby it's
just that I mean I love those guys but I
feel like Candice has got this part of
the trouble of having oral surgery at
9:00 a.m. is that ever leave it all that
eat anything today and that sucks raw
the in kelp noodles they're pretty easy
to do they're like literally two gas
stations at all downtown Manhattan
look at this line for gas blocking
traffic
to go to one of these pumps I was
thinking about talking about this and
then I was like I'm not going to talk
about it and then I was like I should
talk about it and then I was like okay
I'll talk about it so I'm going to talk
about it
as I was finishing the Edit for
yesterday's episode I learned of like
the horrible horrible terror attack in
France today's episode I included what I
would describe as like a gesture of
sympathy to the people of France and
whenever I make gestures of sympathy in
in this vlog the Bree action is always
positive but without exception there are
always comments akin to nice to see what
you did today but the world needs to
realize bigger stuff is happening it's
really disappointing Casey now you honor
the deaths in France but you haven't
talked about the Dallas shoot Casey you
know that people died in Casey why be
sad for the first don't you think you
should raise more awareness for the
people this is not the news they're just
sometimes I see things and I feel it's
appropriate to acknowledge them
sometimes huge things happen and I don't
acknowledge them but it's the attacking
niece was particularly personal for me
Owen and I were in these we're on that
same street where the where the incident
happened we were there three months ago
like right there the bigger point is
this to show your support to show
sympathy for one thing is not to say
that you're against or you don't have
sympathy for another thing there's no
hierarchy here the only I can liken it
to is like say you visit your Nana in
the hospital who's in room 603 just
because you're there to see Nana doesn't
mean you don't feel bad for everybody
else in that hospital but when you walk
in to see Nana the nurse doesn't say I'm
disappointed in you Casey how could you
not visit everyone else in this hospital
I bring this up not because my feelings
are hurt I don't give it about that
stuff I bring this up because it is
empathy it's the ability to show that I
feel your pain that makes us human
beings and the monsters that shoot
police in Dallas or that monster that
that ran people down in a truck in
France or a monster that sets off a bomb
in Medina
these people they don't have the empathy
that that makes us human the empathy
that makes us people and to constantly
criticize people like me for how I
choose to show empathy is to discourage
that very human emotion an emotion so
powerful that it's an essential part of
the healing process in that healing
process the showing of empathy it's what
the world needs a lot of right now it
shouldn't be discouraged because her mom
her friends are here we don't have a
place to stay tonight so maybe we'll
stay either in a hotel or stay in a
friend's apartment I don't know but yeah
so we're we're being booted for our
house tonight so can mrs. mom and her
friends and stay here which is fine
all right grannies here but check out
who else is here she's here for the
night look at this poodle we missed her
this is the hotel that Candace picked
it's a pokey hunting this is my little
date for us there's a lot going on the
lobby down here the size this hotel room
Mike oh nice place Candace you ready all
right I knew this is going to happen
sooner than later but Candace downloaded
Pokemon today and now we um now reject
about Pokemon hunting at midnight on a
Friday we have to wake up early to our
to get the baby there's no there are no
pokemons to catching the oh oh oh nice a
pitchy look at all those people playing
Pokemon what is that a wild green worm
nice good looking out
it's not official yet for the magic card
you guys on that Pokemon tip
it was a good Pokemon night I leveled up
zero to five
nice work canvas
