of course I'm out here on my run every
person I see is playing Pokemon I got to
make a Pokemon video today today all
about Pokemon I mean I don't know if
it's like this everywhere but here in
New York City everyone's playing all the
time no matter where you are I mean this
Pokemon thing which could only be
described as a craze you only see things
like this every so often I feel like I
should dedicate today to making a movie
about what it is and what I don't know I
get curious about these things the only
way I can learn about them is to like
dive Pokemon fanatics just alright I
spent the last couple of hours
researching pokemons go I think the
first step to making a movie about
Pokemon gill is literally just to go
outside and start talking to people my
plan right now is to go somewhere
there's gonna be a lot of people playing
Pokemon but on my way to the subway I
ran into Lexi here are you are you a
Pokemon go fan I am there's actually two
landmarks right here
no one's playing Pokemon on the subway
but that's only because there's no
internet access down here well that at
two here doesn't play pokemon not a
Pokemon fan sorry
this is Midtown this is a part of the
city I don't know very well paparazzi
that is proper paparazzi earther
what's up guys so this is 59
this is 59th and fit the corner of
Central Park seems like there are a lot
of people playing Pokemon here are you
playing Pokemon yeah oh my god you K so
nice that so I just got like a hundred
people playing Pokemon I'm now using the
app to find other people playing Pokemon
they're right over there
hey I ask you question sure okay I'm
just trying to make a video about
Pokemon what is it about Pokemon that
you like uh it's like the adventure of
travel and all that stuff yeah it's a
lot of fun I love it you guys played
Pokemon yeah dude oh good I love your
stuff man I'll let you know if that you
guys are you're awesome man are you
playing Pokemon yeah so I've been in the
park for about an hour and anecdotally
at least every person I've run into
who's looking at their phone is playing
Pokemon every person are you guys
playing Pokemon so far this movie
experiments been working out pretty well
almost too well I just wanted to find a
couple people playing Pokemon instead I
found hundreds of people playing Pokemon
everywhere I look
that I'm at at Times Square now I feel
like if there's another hot spot for
pokémon activity it's got to be Times
Square let's go why aren't you playing
Pokemon right now
we wish we were we could we actually
tried in a hotel and it was one in the
bathroom yeah Times Square is kind of a
bust there are a lot of people playing
Pokemon up here but so crowded and so
noisy it's just impossible to actually
report anything all right nice to meet
you guys
serious pokémon enthusiasts right there
in Starbucks now just here charge up the
loser board
let me go down to Union Square somebody
told me there's a Pikachu spotting down
there I don't know what that means
so I don't know what I'm looking for ye
and square now but I feel like I've
captured a lot of the same thing up here
so whatever I do now needs to be
different like ask people different
questions things like that
I got up the wrong stop in the subway
but while I'm here to check out
Washington Square Park I thought there's
a few people playing here - you are yeah
so many pokey maniacs here in Washington
Square Park and none of them are
tourists they're all people who live
here I would say the Pokemon obsession
down here is even more palpable than in
Midtown this has got to be the densest
pokemons action ever seen are you
playing Pokemon so you're selling
Pokemon stickers yeah so you're riding
the wave here trying to isn't even
buying your stickers a lot of people
unpopular did you have these stickers
before the app came out I did I actually
saw the Pokemon anime conventions
everyone to the right of me everyone to
the left of me everyone that's passing
by me everyone is playing Pokemon here
everyone are you playing Pokemon yeah
yeah we were playing it we were in
Starbucks charging for the longest time
because you killed your phone it's a
Pokemon I started at 112
it's worse than snapchat there's no more
leg day for me it says Pokemon go you
guys it's 5 o'clock now I've been out
the entire day shooting this Pokemon
video I don't know what this video is
gonna be about this will be like the
behind-the-scenes I'll just make a
regular vlog of what I did today but I'm
also going to make a short video just
about the Pokemon phrase that's taking
over this city it's kind of a I don't
have a lot of work for tonight I need to
go home I'm super late to meet Candace I
just had this crazy idea for the ending
of the Pokemon video that involved this
suit and I had to shoot it but now I'm
late I'm late for everything Candace is
going to be livid I'm showered I did my
hair nice I got a suit on how do you
ready all right totally ready full
monochrome blue had to tell even blue
shoes
you look great
Candace and I are going to the nerve
movie premiere like tonight's the proper
world premiere of the movie this has
nothing to do with Pokemon but should be
fun
my whole episode today is about Pokemon
Candace pokemons yeah alright this looks
like the premiere situation here at all
those people hey you good how are you
lost
let's make it up
Candice Candice remember I make you
watch the vlogs we're stuck in a pit
good to see you guys for you we'll see
you inside
you're automatically on my list of
people to interview my blog so prepare
yourself the line internet is Taylor
this there's being honest no I we're at
the end of the blue carpet right now we
haven't walked down the carpet yet
ergo director is getting there honestly
move around you guys look great
Oh to hold this
just so you can get to get up Daniel 100
right there
what do you know the house crew first
just this is my vlogging camera hey this
is the guy we were talking about oh it's
going are you doing lots of friends here
on the blue carpet oh I got to stay
relevant put me ha ha content come on
again
content is king sweet video okay spin
holy smokes thank you got to go find
Candice now have you seen Candace have
you have free popcorn free water I still
can't find Candace though largest ility
hi Bhuvan doing honey we've taken our
seats movie honey yeah the movie begins
soon
Candace is super excited Arielle
Schulman Henry juice we're a little
nervous right now
yeah all right love you guys enjoyed
it's really good
all right sir we're going back to where
you pick this up and that was the movie
premiere did you have fun yeah I'll do
anything
ah what do you guys like
