this is one of my favorite songs I like
that song
Candis is coming over I don't know why
but I'm happy to see her
what's up guys still pregnant huh
so there you want to try that on for
Francine yeah that looks awesome on you
Candace now your arms up in it it suits
you well and those shoes are fantastic
on you the girls are doing an impromptu
mailtime check this out
I don't know who sent this to me but
thank you this is awesome teratology say
yes no this is a trick this is a trick I
was a check to shock you not very nice
what's that for guys I just feel like
it's like velcro but it's microfiber so
look whoa silent velcro silent velcro
and look she's using it as a belly
holder huh
sardine Candice flowin own
what's funny with the frame these cars
or something that should be our car yes
Oh should we just go then oh well come
look at it no let's go see it okay it's
right here that's pretty much it
Candace and pregnant Emily dragged me
out of the office to go to a party for
some sort of fashion thing should be fun
this is the block party situation here
it's a nice affair that have snacks and
this is getting a taco libations was
having a margarita on huge white salute
are you having fun yeah I'm gonna last
about five more minutes then I got to go
back to work can we go now you guys look
nice together thank God right I think
we're stuck sorry this garden what's it
going to be Candice well I kind of want
to tell us written banana but then I
also want like sugar and lemon but then
I also want strawberry butter you're
gonna get three free now I'm back on
that healthy tip so no no crepes for me
good bye thank you back by popular
demand this is Q&A with Casey and
Candice Candice and Casey
I would like to ask the first question
how's the crepe I'm not don't say that
can Francine join the Q&A her answer
would always be Elmo when is Candace
gonna release a brand of sunglasses for
you yeah Candace that's a lot of work I
did
she made the sunglass ring and necklace
and necklace okay this one's a good one
it says for Casey why Candice and for
Candice why Casey you first this is why
I like Candice and this is the source of
every marital problem we have she's
completely unapologetic and that's very
attractive and at times challenging why
does this taking you so long to think of
an answer but that's like a long answer
your ambition really yeah that's right
that's what gets me every time
all right Candice is gonna be an easy
one for you to answer will you ever have
your own YouTube channel now
is Candace ready to have a second baby
what safe work together
will you ever work together is that a
no-no we work together every day yeah I
don't think we could like be partners in
a business together I just don't know
but we are partners do you guys work out
together well I work out yeah okay she's
laughing at this question before getting
married was there ever a time when
either of you thought this isn't going
to work every time when you thought that
it was yeah
even until like six months ago I today
what mom we were fighting a lot six
months ago
ah how did Francine get involved with
juicy okay if you missed the episode of
like Francine our baby is a model for
Juicy Couture that happened because Roy
who was just in the vlog like two
minutes ago his creative director
oh my god Roy works with Juicy Couture
so just it was all nepotism he was like
I need a cute baby can I borrow yours
that's how it happened
there wasn't like an audition process or
headshots yet we didn't get paid it was
literally just like one really cute
picture and that's it Casey
Candace what was the first impression of
Casey when you met her I wanted nothing
to do with you I was conflicted I was
smitten when I met Candace I was
conflicted because I really liked you
but then like the pragmatic part of me
was like despite in graduate high school
and he's not a banker this is the
greatest question we've ever been asked
does Candace got tickles
does she you're not actually ticklish I
know
not human no Kenneth don't got tickles
don't touch me we've been over this yeah
ready
Candace right we're doing that marital
Q&A right now do you have any questions
about our marriage are you happy yeah
I'm super happy are you happy yeah why
do you hesitate waiting for you yeah no
we're I'm happy
hey Casey this is crazy
my boy was like kisses in that car yeah
which is guess they want to see you guys
I was checking out your light-up
skateboard wheels oh yeah so buy this
pile of fake dog poop reminded me that
there's something that mean to talk
about here on their vlog our dog Gigi
real talk I'm to do a minute real time
I've been hesitant to bring this up I
don't know a lot of people to judge us
for this and also it's like any time I
talk about it Candice starts crying so I
we had to give away our poodle Gigi Gigi
is 14 years old and Candice's had her
since she was a baby she's been in my
life for 10 years she's a great dog
amazing dog but she's been weird since
the baby was born and I love dogs more
than anyone on planet Earth but if the
choice is a baby's safety or the dog you
always have to choose the baby's safety
like in the last couple months she got
really bad under the episode where I
stood the whole day in the hospital with
Candice because she had a cut on her
finger Gigi bit Candice and put her in
the hospital
cuz Francine was there and we tried like
this really cute little like humane
puppy friendly muzzle that wasn't a
muzzle but she could drink water and
it's just like a cute pink ribbon that
went around her snout and she was
miserable she hated it so long story
long Candace's best friend crystal
adopted Gigi from us Gigi moved in with
her on her apartment on 10th Street
which is about 12 blocks that way we go
and visit her so now she comes and
visits us we still see her she's very
happy they're trying to be responsible
parents and responsible dog owners and
it's been a very difficult ordeal for
both Candice and me
it's a sad thing with the poodle the
whole situation was sad I can't end the
episode on such a sad note to find
something funny and it ended this will
be the thumbnail ready it's fake its
fake boot this plastic
