are you playing Pokemon oh yeah excuse
me are you playing pokemons yeah are you
playing Pokemon Jaime are you playing
Pokemon yeah excuse me are you playing
Pokemon sorry are you playing Pokemon
yeah all right yeah
Pokemon are you playing Pokemon yeah
yeah I'm playing Pokemon go excuse me
sorry we're running they're playing
Pokemon
never have I ever seen the world so
captivated by a video game before see me
okay but all the shirt you playing
pokemon in the last couple days these
two words have dominated every news
article every social media feed
everywhere I look I see pokemons go
a wildly popular new cellphone video
game Pokemon girls called Pokemon go
Pokemon go people are glued to their
cell phones how much time a day two guys
spend playing a whole team on hold and
I'm like six in the morning to go like
12 in the morning the next day so I
bought a portable charger which I tied
to my belt this is just the pokemon yeah
huh what does this mean
oh it's the pokey stock I don't work
what else am I looking at yeah um
there's like a Goldeen right there
that's a Pokemon the tap on and then
capture oh that's a meow - you saw that
all I want is electric touch that's all
you need okay you're talking about you
don't know how to play pokemon basically
you have the yep types so like if you
have a flying-type the best way to get
to be against a flying-type is to use a
ton an electric type it's to be 228
years old in cotton up and yeah
the custom like that why do you like we
just kind of have to fight because
everyone else is playing yeah about punk
mother you like everything is like it's
a good community right here like I don't
know these people I met him yesterday
and we're talking like with old friends
right now
it's just cool I like having to go out
and do something it just gets you
outside it gets you outside and like
interactive oh yeah
that is commitment police say criminals
are also taking advantage of the game
one of the game's features could help
criminals even walking can be dangerous
distracted Pokemon go users have
reported a number of unforeseen problems
as well I like ran into a bush you
better be careful
has it had a negative impact on your
life in any way I mean let me get a
thousand exercises bad cop are you
playing Pokemon yeah yeah you're playing
dead animal do you think is anything bad
about it I think it has a calming effect
especially at this time where there's a
lot of like tension are you guys playing
Pokemon yeah we are negative aspects
about bugs
yeah I don't think there are really any
how are you in med school and playing
Pokemon I'm Asian Pokemon med school
kind of makes sense I will be very best
are you guys playing pokemons yeah catch
them is my real test to train them is my
car
are you playing Pokemon yes
the guys playing pokemons
are you playing Pokemon Pokemon are you
playing funky yes yes I guess everybody
is
are you guys doing pokemons yes we are
that's no place other way to 15 years of
it it's all
I literally ordered this suit from China
like a month ago I wasn't sure what to
do with it I just wanted it for my
collection
