so what's happening here I happen to be
in Toronto for work engagement I got
back from Amsterdam where Pierre was
with me in Amsterdam like yesterday we
both posted fun videos this morning of
us hanging out Amsterdam now everybody
has all these questions everybody wants
more and more more it's like here do you
have like an hour cuz I've got a lunch
break for my work thing and we're making
movies but this isn't this isn't your
house no this is my house I wish it was
my house we're gonna be allowed to use
it
uh-huh we're gonna break into it the
best ever there in Japan right now and
they're like yeah talk to the guy at the
front desk and maybe you make it happen
yes and no make your apartments there
it's 1257 now I feed back my cheese
that's doable right planning space
plenty of space doing fine I know the
face you're giving the camera Peter you
are a much much much better
cinematographer than you are
plenty of room planning room you got it
Lanny roof and we're good thank you
thank you
look at that Park job okay thank you
Wow look at that you imma cannon slide
in here is there any light on my face I
don't know
those I like that frame you could see
the tower behind us they're great let me
just cheat yourself I got a little close
with this thing's all wobbly so largely
because we only have a short amount of
time but also because Peters such an
aficionado when it comes to
cinematography and camera gear and and
all those things I thought it might be
an appropriate Q&A ready I'm ready
Butch Hartman question we want to do a
collab with me yes I do but Hartman
that's the guy that drew Fairly
OddParents you know this guy
I know this guy
right yeah we're gonna do a hundo peak
lab what are mistakes you see people
making with storytelling I think a
misconception of storytelling is that
you need like a hero and a villain and
it has to be like a classical like you
know a plot whereas a story can just be
something very basic from moving from
point A to point B doesn't to be so
literal that's right that's right it's
my thinking that best Airport you've
been to probably Hong Kong or I like to
Amsterdam oh oh no no Doha it has a
swimming pool in it oh hands-down winner
so Dan asks when shooting a vlog are all
of your shots done in sequence or do you
film a talking ahead segment then go
back and b-roll and my answer to that is
I don't always shoot in sequence no in
fact the video that I made yesterday of
us in the Amsterdam so the anchor that
videos me interviewing you we shot that
the next day and then I used that as
like a narrative bed for the rest of the
episode yeah there's tons of times where
I actually film a vlog over like three
days time and I wear the same clothes
and then just cut it in to make it feel
like it was all done the same day Rick
wants to know when do you guys get
married we're not I think they're
getting the wrong I don't understand
that we like to collaborate in the
videos we've made one video interesting
how do you feel the people looking at
you as a crazy person when you're
talking into a camera I find it very
hard if you're worried that much about
what people think of you you probably
should not try to be a youtuber I mean
there's always something a little weird
about it oh it's weird
you just gotta oh yeah oh yeah try
vlogging with a GoPro on your head
that's the most weird it's ever been for
me what color profile do you use Casey
no answer I have no idea yeah okay
I shoot flat so if I had a log color
profile on my cameras I would use that
but I shoot everything flat so that it
color grades better in post
he's good when you sit down out of the
vlog do you have an entire idea of how
you want the entire thing to play out or
do you dive in headfirst and see what
you can create I almost always know
before I start to edit what I'm doing
but I assemble it and I really tighten
up the story in the Edit I need to be
better at that because I a lot of the
time just like fly by the seat of my
pants I'm starting to edit and I'm like
oh I like where this is going and then I
have some ideas but that is not my
preferred method of creating I would
much rather have it planned we gotta go
let's go we gotta go this is the Q&A is
not over we got to go to the whose
apartment is this melissa alejandro dear
Melissa I don't think Jim listen
Alejandra thank you for letting us use
your apartment it was a great
you got this all right right back right
right back keep it straight you got it
straight you're good
plenty of distance 75 feet six suck it
up funny his face cut the wheel
straighten her out cut the wheel the
other way straighten her out
turn the wheel you know that scene and
Austin Powers as a youtuber how do you
create original content when it seems
like everything has already been done
yeah I'll hit that one off you have to
tell your story if I've told all of my
stories and piers told all of his
stories which neither of us have it
doesn't change the fact that nobody
knows your story so the written language
has been around since hieroglyphics
thousands of years there are still new
stories being told every single day not
everything's been done it's up to you to
find your own voice on YouTube and
nobody can do that better than you that
was good that was like I was I feel like
I was being kind of aggressive there and
then you were kind of like the super
nice just want to bring it home you know
I'm headed back to my event now great
question here do you see Peter as a
competitor or as a friend no as a friend
but I said anything about all youtubers
anyone who works in the space is big as
YouTube and thinks that somebody else's
success is gonna slow them down is
sorely mistaken YouTube is not at all a
zero-sum game it is the more people who
can succeed on this platform the more we
will all succeed on this platform like
simply put the Internet is big enough
for everyone yeah are you coming to the
event with me I'm just gonna walk in I
don't have a pass for you I used to be a
magician
great a great day Canada dude good to
see you thank you taking me up thanks
for all of your questions and answers
thanks for asking the questions and also
helping me answer hit it I'll see you
soon
