are you guys playing Pokemon bye-bye see
you later hey I have to get my stuff out
of the back today is Monday my favorite
day of the week today today is going to
be a great day for so many reasons
today represents like the first step
towards something bigger that I'm trying
to do and what I literally mean by that
is on on YouTube I've been wanting to do
more I've learned to collaborate more I
wanted to I've been wanting to get
people to help me create videos but I
don't have any space see mailtime is one
of my favorite aspects of this entire
series people send me fun packages I
open okay now it's just packages fill up
like half my studio I need to get more
organized with all of this and I want to
like bring in interns and people that
want to collab if you haven't figured
out where I'm going with all this yet
I'm expanding my operation how's it
going I'm really excited about this new
space that's it I can open it
look at this space thank you very much
thank you
I'm excited
okay big one are
it's not much it's like 280 square feet
with two windows that face a shaft way
but it's a big deal to me this is
something I've wanted forever like years
and years and years I've dreamt about
having like a satellite space like this
it's on the same floor I always meet
great people that want to work on videos
with me and do stuff like but space in
New York City is so tough and now with
this tiny little windowless I'm gonna be
able to do all sorts of new things I
hope you can share and appreciate my
enthusiasm for this
I'm sorry yeah forget my lyrics when I
first moved to New York City I used to
edit video and work off of my lap while
sitting on the futon that I slept on and
I would fantasize about someday having
my own studio well my brother and I got
the space has evolved in my studio now
and here we are
2016 the plan for now is just to build
out that space but desks in there things
like that and then ultimately I do want
to start working with some editors and
filmmakers and really get into making
some some fresh content beyond these
vlogs one of the things that I want to
do in the new space which I will not
refer to as the annex one of the things
I want to do in the annex is to do like
our post office in there so every letter
every package every everything gets a
response gets open efficiency alright
let's do this 90 seconds on the clock
this is a lovely letter from a young man
named Juan Martin he started a
non-profit helping people in the
Dominican Republic and Haiti what Martin
you're doing great work
this box is shaped like a toilet don't
you think for one set met or appreciate
how much work this two toilet box is not
easy to open I have no idea what this
okay this is a helpful tip from someone
who knows that I'm trying to potty train
Francine thank you very weird gift but
thank you
qet first up I love your Louis thank you
so much I think there's music contained
on this hard drive I appreciate it Oh KC
hope you're doing well we saw your moves
ease of making upgrades and promise you
here's a gift from us we hope it's the
right to all the best workshop team it's
early July and about 90 degrees outside
so what I'm going to do is save these
until winter comes and then wear them
when I fight the white Walker thank you
very much dear Casey were two fifth
graders from Boston we were wondering if
you'd hold these pictures of us so we
can say we had a picture with Casey
pause in three two one all right I'll
see you on Instagram oh really
Oh Casey greetings from Czech Republic
thank you so much for sending me a
package from the Czech Republic you guys
are bad for sending me all this candy I
will eat all of it so thank you but
whoever sent me this awesome shirt thank
you alright last spot hi Casey everyone
here's some lever art I don't know what
Weber art is Matt Gregory thank you for
this alright and that concludes this but
somehow they have to drive from New York
to Connecticut are you excited for
tonight
yeah really fun right
I have something important to share with
you I've ever heard of the clothing line
Juicy Couture juicy wait for it Francine
is the star of the Juicy Couture summer
2000 what is it honey
summer 2000 Francine E is the star of
the Juicy Couture fall 2000 that's right
Francine is about you are a model those
shoes she likes these so tonight is the
launch party for this fashion line
Francine is the guest of honor
are you excited Francine yeah almost
there Francine
I think we're the first people here yeah
that's us
what's up
we're poster going up all over what
happened I think we might even have a
billboard in LA really is having a baby
in a few months so he's practicing very
ladylike honey okay she's completely out
of control the kid loves to party
yeah
Oh
pleasure
Francine how did you like your first
fashion night she loved it she's hooked
hooked alright and that's what it looks
like to take a baby to a fashion party
did you have fun
are you playing Pokemon
