they'd say daddy needs a drink to take
just take it from her take it brother
just take it up daddy where's Ralph
there's Ralph this is Henry this is Rupp
this is this is Ralph
these are the guys that directed the
movie nerve so this hotel is where their
press junket is it's happening one
flight down and I guess the plan for
today is just a mess with the actors and
actress that are in this movie then mess
with the press yeah that's right that's
right that's press okay let's do this
Hey hello everybody right this is all
for our joke this is what's going in
their ear it looks like it's from
Mission Impossible here's what we're
doing in the room next to us Emma Emma
Roberts in there being interviewed by
the press so we're going to put an
earpiece in their ear and then use this
microphone here and tell them what to
say so this is like the prank cockpit
cause I can't believe that like after
all these years on YouTube it's you guys
they are getting me to do prank videos
mm are you ready for this so ready I was
putting in the earpiece now and she's
gonna go do her first interview that
Henry drama not gonna dictate your every
response you guys are gonna be so mean
aren't you yeah look yeah are you are
you leaning more towards like the weird
or the sexual or the violence
probably not the violence but but
definitely it's gonna be weird okay
great here we go
dad are we going right now yeah go right
now all right Emma's ready yeah okay
good we're muted hey here's one thing I
thought it would be really funny is it
the anticipation is killing me hey do
you know if this is our first double air
yeah kids
let me get on the bike
okay Emma if you can hear it's just nod
your head a little bit
okay so Emma here's what we need from
you in the next 90 seconds we need you
to say ten times mmm that feels good and
then Dave after she says mmm that feels
good you say yeah that's the stuff all
right so we'll let you know when to say
that Emma go ahead yeah that's good
yeah that is the stuff yeah yeah but I
love the fact that when people sign up
to play the game in the film Emma now
basically all of your information is
good is out there for people yeah so
what would you guys yeah that's real
fire oh you know who have been on social
media
Emma grab Dave's arm and say mmm that
feels good or you know they're trying to
get job yeah that's the start right yeah
- I'm not trusting you know I don't lost
out on these Emma Emma just get up
casually and go and open a beer that's
on the table wait any more time okay
Silverton have you ever not like fallen
in love with someone in like oh oh say
mom you need mommy needs a drink
yeah mommy needs a drink
Dave say daddy needs a drink - okay just
take it from her take it brother
just take it look daddy need to me like
you're not even seeing one Dave no
matter what her next question is you
answer by saying meow wait sorry just
repeat the question word I've never have
I ever done anything involving hi me
terrified of heights beyond iya shame
I've been skydiving you guys in
skydiving Emma just start smiling and
close your eyes and shake your head just
you can't believe it what just keep
going keep done kikyo
keep your eyes but just keep shaking
your head shake it now yeah okay so we
want to play another game that's here we
go alright ready totally wrong totally
wrong yourself like a small dog
what are they saying about us can we
hear them oh can you hear that she
should turn little of that we went with
it I do like that was a really unique
experience and you should try to kiss
you too I totally like sorry we're like
she's gotta do we're gonna we're just
gonna wing it we're gonna see what
happens you have to get that better than
they got you definitely have to have one
of them fix Marguerite ha ha yes today
yeah you guys up
