look dude there it is
there it is there's the picture we'll be
back for you later so jump in if you
think I'm tying this story wrong but how
I remember it is we're in Hong Kong and
there was like the sign outside of the
Hong Kong McDonald's advertising like a
purple apple pie and that's how we came
up with the idea to make the first
McDonald's video taste a little bit like
children's face that's how we did it
yeah and then we expanded on the series
last year so that's we're doing tear
we're literally driving all the way to
New London to have the perfect lobster
roll and then we're going to go to
McDonald's and have their lobster roll
which I'm skeptical of but I approach
with an open mind I haven't had it since
1995 oh you had it before I've had it
once before 1995
I'm not so memorable we're almost there
we're almost there Scott is dead ahead I
don't know how this place is always so
crowded it's almost impossible to find
there's a mess sign go down this secret
alleyway here here it is the home of the
world's greatest lobster roll the actual
review of the McDonald's lobster roll
versus the greatest lobster roll in the
world it's going to be a short movie so
this is like the behind-the-scenes you
just got here we're gonna need a couple
lobster rolls we're going to make sure
they're delicious spend yesterday's
stretching out my stomach by drinking
copious amounts of well how many lobster
rolls are going to eat sick you're three
or four let's say go great french fries
here great coleslaw oysters fried clams
it's like is morning right now this is
breakfast alright so what so we get to
cold lobster rolls one hot lobster roll
what else
dude I'll take it wherever you want to
take it man I'm feeling crazy right
Ryder's okay all right it's a fatty do
you think that's enough food for two
people at 11 a.m. I would say so okay
all right so we're going to get some
tartar sauce and some napkins Oscar and
then we're struggling here we're trying
to get the shots before we eat the
lobster rolls but we want to do is eat
the lobster rolls I'm doing better than
asked that Oscar is that waiting like
this is a lot we just deconstructed our
lobster roll here at Scott's and it's
got 200 in 1 grams of lobster meat in
there I think it fit for set up shop
make these things now yeah I think so
what else were missing I don't know what
it tastes like tea magic but this has
got to be close so how would you
describe the lobster roll here it's got
very good we want to make it worth it to
come all the way out here so we've we've
now consumed three lobster rolls french
fries one order fried oysters for
coleslaws and a lobster bisque
so we're gonna have to work up an
appetite on our way to make it out of
order
daddy when we go to McDonald's do you
think they'll let us go into the kitchen
to see how fresh their lobsters are fine
by Maddie all right we're out of here
back on the freeway
see if he's here let's
oh yeah he's here unscheduled stop at my
dad's coffee shop because that would be
a horrible person to come all the way
out here and not say hi to yield man I
should be happy to see you Oscar hey Dad
I didn't bring your granddaughter but I
brought Oscar Thank You Bailey fantastic
dad what are your predictions on in the
Collins law school I'm not a McDonald's
fan so I would have a negative negative
feeling about whatever they're doing
with lobster rolls asking you don't man
that Tyree out here I heard you're
absolutely right it's wrong it's just a
shake you this your so personally money
to advertise like open my dad oh you got
to go thanks Ben
we're stopping at the McDonald's in the
freeway because uh well it's just the
most convenient I just want to get back
to New York now the ambience here is
slightly different from Scotts lobster
dock a little bit more concrete a little
bit less water before we go in
expectations low had it once when I was
seven years old made my parents buy it
for me it was disgusting it's a treat
something to be savored right close to
the ocean
to the highway and I just don't trust
that it's something that you can make
the way these guys make their food I'm
going in
there it is
I remain skeptical
all right I got some McFlurry to hold
this over lobster rolls will be up soon
I know what lobster looks like and I
know it doesn't
now the first thing I noticed with the
McDonald's lobster roll is there's not a
tremendous amount of lobster meat in
here
the total lobster meat on the necklace
rose 82 grams
we can sit here and try and try to
describe it all day
it's just not good it tastes like
something that's trying to taste like
something else and that's something else
is a lobster roll and what it actually
tastes like is just not sleeping more
soon
yeah wait a minute you've seen our
McDonald's burger videos $12 you had
four patties jalapenos Swiss cheese of
the words I've never met anyone that's
such a fan of that beer hey nice to meet
you guys I don't want it I was like wait
a second take it what our necks are here
bro
all right guys I'm a fan take care let's
give another close up if I had to assign
a number to it I would say if Scott's is
a perfect 10 this lobster roll is I'd
give it it too are you gonna finish this
no I'm just cleaning up here that was
really disappointing I wanted to say
suddenly redeeming about it but I didn't
have anything to say so that's how we
made our lobster McDonald's make lobster
review click the link below to watch
that video if you haven't actually seen
the review video yet also we want to
keep our McDonald's thing alive so if
you know of like funny things or
anything McDonald's says around the
world that we should review let us know
in the comments
I forget anything
this is like carrying a newborn baby
