so here's what here's what my mornings
look like basically wake up super early
like 4:30 in the morning so I can finish
editing these videos and post them
before I go to work and while I'm
sitting there waiting for the caffeine
to kick in with my laptop open in front
of me I look at news sites then when the
coffee kicks in I'm properly caffeinated
I close the browser and I start editing
these YouTube videos now these YouTube
videos judging by the comments these
videos mean very different things to
very different people for me it's more
simple these videos are for fun these
videos are for entertainment they're a
form of escapism their way of me
plucking fun exciting things out of my
life sharing them with an audience and
hopefully you viewers enjoy what you see
and it might make your day like this
much better but sometimes in that little
window of time when I'm looking at the
news before I start the edits I see
something that just affects me in a way
that makes it hard for me to edit
something fun and entertaining weeks ago
when I read about what happened in
Orlando it's that I read about what
happened in Istanbul on the airport it's
just and I read about what happened in
Baghdad on Sunday and it's just like
then yesterday I read about a guy named
Alton Stirling who was held down by
police and shot five times and that and
then this morning I wake up and I
watched this video and is a facebook
live stream from the perspective of the
driver it was a girl filming her
boyfriend with a policeman had his gun
through the window and I just shot her
boyfriend his name his name was Phil and
oh Castille there was a kid in the
backseat there was I read every news
article I could read and then I tried to
edit my video and my video today was
like super fun is like my friend Oscar
and I just having a great time enjoying
our wonderful privileged lives and to
edit in the shadow of watching that I I
don't know it it made it very hard for
me to make something that was about fun
and entertainment after seeing that now
for the most part this this YouTube
channel is about positivity and
entertain
and fun I try to keep it free from
things like politics or controversy and
that's a conscious choice there's a
place for politics there's a place for
controversy there's a place for divisive
issues to be discussed and I don't know
that this channel is that but this video
that I watched this morning it seeing
that and not at least expressing my
feelings my frustration the emotions
that I went through having witnessed
something that happens in this country
that I live in felt irresponsible I my
general rule of thumb has never
discussed problems unless you have an
idea for the solution and I don't know
what the solutions to the what feels
like growing and almost
institutionalized racism in this country
might be but I feel like we're out of
place and I'm at a place where to not at
least express my feelings about them to
you would not only be irresponsible but
it would feel like I'm part of the
problem in keeping my mouth shut so
that's it that's all that's all I have
for today I'll be posting my fun videos
tomorrow I'm posting a bunch of news
links below in case you're not aware of
any of the things that I'm talking about
read up on them and I hope we can have a
discussion sometime in the future about
these very real issues and how like we
might band together to address some of
them until then feel free to share your
thoughts below I'll try to respond when
I can and see you tomorrow
