Romilly measured above us yo make sure
to put - you to be ready bye guys
quick run this morning because this
morning is morning is daddy-daughter
swim class go swimmin
I had a meeting in Midtown this morning
took the subway I don't feel like a
change of pace today's episode in its
entirety is going to be about my
sunglasses now I've made an entire movie
about the design of my sunglasses and
then like a year ago I made an entire
blog episode about how to make these
sunglasses you want a sharp knife and
you just kind of scrape today I want to
really get into like the why I don't
wear sunglasses plus I need to go buy a
new pair these are kind of whoa these
are not sunglasses do I look crazy don't
lie a superhero hold on this is like a
heads-up display set up for this little
drone that was a gift it's one of those
like shoes you like 60 mile an hour
racing drones let me stand in subject
today's video is going to be just about
my sunglasses
ah
a long time ago somebody asked Jack
Nicholson why he always wore sunglasses
and he responded when I'm not wearing
sunglasses on just another old guy and
when I am wearing sunglasses I'm Jack
Nicholson he wanted to get me on my back
he just had to ask the following scene
is not sponsored by nor made an
affiliation with this sunglass store
does your sunglasses they are my
sunglasses not as good as yours but I
ever wear sunglasses at night always
really only way to wear them I'm Casey
hi Casey
black on black okay let's see let's see
whoo these are virgin glasses they feel
so good are you these are mine that's
why thank you pleasure really nice to
meet you I just want to be SuperDuper
clear this is not an endorsement of this
brand these glasses are the only glasses
that fit on my gigantic head so that's
why I wear them if you're thinking of
making your own glasses
I suggest find a pair that works for you
and start there
Chloe asked hey Chloe on a scale of 1 to
10 how much does Candace dislike me
wearing my glasses it's not that she
doesn't like me wearing the glasses that
she doesn't like me wearing the glasses
like what I'm not outside or when it's
not sunny out
has anyone ever has anyone ever stolen a
pair from you
no does Candace ever accuse you of using
them to check out other beautiful no no
how often do you get new ones well I did
just get a new pair but typically like
less than once a year I rarely lose them
that's one of the good parts of always
wearing them is that you always know
where they are do you wear them all the
time off camera not really how much they
cost I think they're like 150 dollars -
the spray pain are you uncomfortable
showing your eyes know what spray paint
Brandie use ah krylon the spray painted
champions why do you make your nice
glasses look like they came from the
dollar store well I think nice is in the
eye of the beholder that was a play on
words
I think these glasses are nicer because
I made them than some glasses that were
made in Italy in a factory just because
they're new doesn't mean they're nice I
don't think those are nice I think those
are generic these are mine how do you
keep them clean I don't they're always
filthy do you sleep with them on no but
they're usually on my bedside table when
I wake up here's a good question Oscar
asks why do you buy real expensive
ray-bans and remove the logo instead of
buying cheap fake ones because these are
actually higher quality glasses what
makes a Mercedes or a Lamborghini nice
is not just the thing that says Mercedes
R Lamborghini it's actually a better car
if you were right Lamborghini on a
Hyundai it wouldn't be a Lamborghini it
would be a Hyundai that says Lamborghini
so these are actually really good
quality glasses that's glass not plastic
and they're tough and I wear them
everyday and they don't break usually so
I like to wear good glasses I just don't
like the name brand so I take it off
Casey when are you going to make another
pair
how about right now making these things
it's not that hard I don't know how many
pair of made over the years the truth is
I don't lose them and they don't really
break but they do expire it's like all
the balance that's in the plastic that
makes up the frame it just starts to
stretch out in time right now I'm
scraping the logo off of the lens see
plus I have a tendency to lose things
and I'm making these so I've got a fresh
pair and then this old pair here will
become my backup hair just taking down
the logo they're still paint in it the
last step here is just hitting them with
the paint you break every rule of spray
painting because what you want is you
want it to sink into the crack
see you just flood them with pain
that is the sloppiest worst spray paint
job you'll ever see me do now I'll just
leave them there to sit overnight when I
wake up in the morning I'll scrape the
paint off and they look kind of like
these probably just a touch more paint
now the biggest question that I get
asked is why why do I always wear
sunglasses the first part of the answer
is I just like the way glasses look
there's a really pragmatic reason okay
you know how when I'm talking to camera
like I'm talking to camera right now I
can always point at things like hey look
at this screen right here or check out
these lights behind me or check out this
blue lunch box right here or this movie
poster movie I produce right there The
Godfather it's right here I'm not
looking into the lens I'm looking into
this screen right here and that way I
can frame things up I know what I'm
looking at but what I do with my glasses
off I don't look like I'm looking at you
I look over here so like imagine if in
all my vlogs I'm looking like this it
starts to feel really weird and I can
look back here and then look over there
try to pretend to look over there but in
the end it's just like if I want to
point at this I can either look over
here or I look here and just sort of
guess but what I have glasses on it
always looks like I'm looking at camera
so that's why I started wearing glasses
and all my vlogs it's like a really
practical reason that's why I always
have them on at night it's just like
it's the only way I can check my framing
without having it look weird I don't see
when people vlog and they're not looking
into the lens it's like if it doesn't
what about my glass not your glass
they're awesome look you're lying no I'm
not popping wheels yelling I put them on
then because your eyes are so cute and
pretty and then you cover them with
these glasses I know what you're talking
about just such pretty Broner
I think I just like my glasses
okay
that's it
will you help me cut my hair tonight No
why not
