what are you getting for breakfast Oh
probably the French house in Amsterdam
with uh Peter MacKinnon here guys
great dancer check this out from vlogs
Pass see this bridge right here right
here that's where I proposed to Candice
so many years ago Oh Candice was
actually supposed to be with me today
instead I brought ah then I brought
Peter so if you don't know Peter Peter
is a fantastic youtuber he's a much
better youtuber than me we're gonna
spend the day where Peter teaches me how
to make better vlogs thanks Peter no
problem man
we're in like the Courtyard hotel and
they were like any other God there were
some people following us but I think
we're fine no Peter what did you do
before YouTube like why are you why are
you so wise your skill set with the
camera so so next level the last job I
had I spent seven years filming
magicians around the world so I've had
kind of the expertise the working
expertise for seven straight years
filming everywhere and then why why take
your I take your skill set and your huge
ass camera to YouTube I just I wanted a
platform where I could share myself
without limits and without anybody
telling how I could do it so I figured
that was just the best way and the best
platform for it
many years ago do you have any place to
recommend thank you
down totally down you're like I'm really
happy 12 year old Peter I've rode a bike
and like had like the longest time and
I'm pumped how am i doing the vlog by
the way I think you're doing great so if
everything looks good so far the
cinematic sound lock mics I do how do I
make your globe float oh wait I can I
got it I got it I got it
Oh what you think renting bikes is a
it's a good idea absolutely we're gonna
we're gonna start here come down here
over here through here up here which I
get into this bond Oh excellent
penmanship winds how long did it take
you to get to your first million
subscribers I went on this wait for it
wait for it it took nine months come on
that's insane all right thank you sir
you look good back there Peter they take
their bike rules here really seriously
so you gotta stay on the correct side of
the road you gotta obey traffic laws how
is it you can vlog it there's a child
coming at you
how can you log and ride anything I'd
love to know that Betty
going through the tunnel my thesis on
vlogging is that I try to do the best
production quality I can but the story
comes first so I never let my camera get
in the way of the story and that's why I
don't carry a monster like this is
because I don't feel like I could be
spontaneous with such a beast yeah this
definitely this definitely it's a beast
you get used to it but this has turned
into like a romantic honeymoon really
bad
it's his first time in Amsterdam it's
amazing here but we spending a lot of
time in this kind of threshold to this
parking garage because we were just
getting so soaking wet its cinematic
though its cinematic let's throw in a
little bit of mckinnon slow-motion ready
it's that kind of weather today where
you can't be wet it's just cold enough
work you're wet and cold you'll get
pneumonia we're just gonna wait for the
rain to stop
why is your lighting in your studio so
good yeah I never used to die never used
to put the work in the lighting always
used the window and I was like wouldn't
a light forever and then a friend of
mine was like no buy a light so I bought
a light diffused it set it up nice with
a boom mic and everything and then
suddenly if production values went
through the reshoot in the studio and I
turned my light out it looks like
there's like a flashlight you're using a
rose light you need to diffuse light you
can use a shower curtain you've got IKEA
and buy a shower curtain just throw
something in front of that light so it's
softer then it'll look like just money
real quick we were having a lovely day
on our bicycles and enjoying all that
Amsterdam has saw back at the hotel
Peter actually is staying in a separate
hotel but then I checked in here and
this hotel is huge so he's gonna sleep
on that our couch and then I'm gonna
sleep in the bedroom which is just down
the hall
so I said last week remember I posted
the video about Chantal that I wanted to
put more energy into using my channel to
talk about creators that I really like
and whose work I really like so even
though we're having fun and just out
here sort of Peters channel if you
haven't seen it Peters channel is the
channel that I think like he brings a
level of production quality to his work
in his YouTube videos that there's not a
lot of on this platform and I say kind
of in jest that he's helping teach me
how to vlog but I mean it like he is a
he's a total practitioner when it comes
to the act of photography and
cinematography
this is his vlogging camera it's not
even a joke Peter's not he's no small
youtuber Peters a very big youtuber he's
very successful on the platform but if
by chance you don't know if him or don't
know of his work you should definitely
check it out it's below and he has like
despite all the funny stuff
he has genuinely like showed me a few of
his tricks and how he achieves like the
crazy production quality that his stuff
has it's not heavy this is you could do
it well you hold it by one of course
better oh come on alright I'm dry should
we go return the bikes now yeah let's go
take it back
you remember we rented these bikes from
I think we go I think we go around but
we have to hurry clothes and then we're
stuck with the bikes this is the coolest
passport I've ever seen what what are
these this is like yellow pages dude
this is what is that thank you Thanks so
looking ahead what do you what do you
hope to accomplish on YouTube what's the
what's the master plan Peter I think the
master plan I just continue what I'm
doing it's like the first time in my
life I've been able to actually like
work for myself and just have fun and
like no limits so like maintaining that
until the next thing grips me and I want
to go after that 110 percent
