groan problems Jack finish you breakfast
hot dogs I thought it wasn't going to be
like a real hot dog but do you not only
for Oscar Mayer you're not a breakfast
hot dog handy guy today is day two also
known as the last day of the bean
company retreat here in the Dominican
Republic sad that it's almost time to go
home but also really excited at how
productive and good and just great this
trips been this morning session involves
breaking the team into three separate
teams each of those teams then tries to
solve a very specific problem so far -
I'm pretty good
for everybody this morning sure similar
to what you guys we're talking about we
decided that there's two separate things
one I think a change of environment kind
of like helps you hit the refresh button
and look at stuff and like a slightly
different perspective we also have been
spending the whole morning together like
really like nailing hammering ideas and
stuff and then we spend the rest of the
day doing like fun activities but we're
still talking and thinking about the
stuff that we started off the day like
the serious work stuff if you can nail
this yet that's why they keep me around
right run over your foot okay
lunch
this is me
where did he go ready hey stop jack is
this kind of drinking a pina colada
what's that that's coupon yeah okay and
I notice a brought spike ball with you
just in case find a boat playing water
playing a beach
where we were yesterday
now as a team-building exercise today
Jack booked a boat Collin Alex what are
your expectations here fun fun lots of
fun and lots of fun I'm thinking I can't
use this song in the video because I
don't have rights for and YouTube will
shut it down
Oh
do it sees us beeps good whew
how much all the world right Jackie you
got to get behind him that's just lovely
we stop the boat I'm pretty excited
there was a there was a miner and I do
mean miner what happened exactly Steve
who's a regular routine take-off routine
take that turned bad
it turned bad yeah yeah oh okay all
right
maybe send me that clip yeah don't give
me a hard time about breaking another
drone it was a total accident the cables
that hold up the sail and the metal ring
around the boat you threw off all the
signals so matter how I was pressing
this thing he just wasn't responding
when the drone smashed into the rail
there's an argument that says I should
have seen that coming
they're coming these accidents these
things happen
it sucks please don't compare our time I
don't like crashing these things any
more than you like seeing me crash these
things it didn't survive we're under the
beach now spikeball Jack who's playing
first you are the reigning champion
not for long buddy
we lost the spikeball tournament there
other than that fantastic afternoon this
is probably the best way to spend our
last day here everybody's playing
catching the water will you save some
snacks paid some ball these guys have
like four for barking Wow look at the
flying boat
thus begins our sale right back without
a drone tip of the boat now it's back to
the house looks like a storm's a-brewin
Jack what do we do
figure it out family found this embrace
it it's not that bad it's really bad
here's to a productive fun great week
together successful future is great -
Tess oh wait you look first um I just
dumped it my lap all right ah get on
dumb
we've been here for three and a half
hours so they're now arguing about the
game we played during dinner great was
like
