Francine nice shoes do you like Daddy
suji's those are so cute she tried huh
no shiny
do you like daddy's shoes feels good to
be back in New York City out running
this morning special cast Dan Brown
so we're about seven and a half miles
out then had a little bit of a crisis
and needed to use the little boy's room
but you know other than that great run
so far you okay that was like my worst
nightmare I was worried about you in
there I hate you that you ready go in
your piggy back home it's good okay
the consistency is important like
scheduled live routine like in life do
you think that's important
I haven't had any consistency in a
really long time
last week was VidCon so it's gone the
entire week and then tomorrow I'm going
on another trip I don't like I woke up
this morning in my own bed and I took
Francine out of the crib and I realized
how much I cherish just being in one
place I am the luckiest guy in the world
for all these amazing opportunities I
have to travel and meet people and and I
wouldn't trade that for anything but I
do want to start working harder to have
a little bit more consistency in my life
mainly with family I just want to be
around my family more
I have not given an update on the studio
renovations in a while let me bring you
up to speed
first I just want to say how hugely
embarrassing it is this is taken like
months and months and months like four
years ago I built this entire studio
from the ground up in like five days and
this is like through many months in and
like progress is slow and that's just
what happens when something's not your
number one priority and look I love this
studio but it's just not my number one
priority
I've got like family and work and videos
and family and then I've got to make my
video good life rule is never make
excuses because no one gives us so kind
of starts with like what is this space
for and this space is to be a place for
all of my gear all of my equipment so
it's ready and easily accessible drones
take up a lot of space and they've got a
lot of parts so we did this whole area
so there'd be like a desk where I can
assemble drones and put the pieces drone
bags down here to put the drones in and
all that what remains over here is like
a power station so all the drone
batteries can be charged at all times a
way to organize all the blades that goes
beyond just a coffee cup and again I
need a drone I should just trim in here
grab it ready to go camera bodies lenses
video cameras batteries all the camera
stuff I have so many I use them all for
different purposes so this wall is
supposed to be like where they are easy
ready to grab ready to go and it's
getting there it's not right it's not
perfect it's definitely not done but
it's getting there yet the point sheets
lenses SLRs camera cemetary up here
these are all my old cameras or
non-working cameras these all broke
audio setup again this isn't right but
it's almost right I want to know what
microphones I have which ones are ready
and which ones I need to grab at any
given time the GoPro area I really don't
like it over here I want to move it over
with the other cameras but the idea with
the GoPro area is to have all my GoPros
out know that they're all charged of all
the GoPro accessories ready to go and
just know at a glance where I stand with
GoPros so that's where things stand
thank you for bearing with me I can
promise you an amazing glorious video of
the new studio when it's done which is
currently scheduled for q4 2018 that was
a joke it will definitely be done before
then hi honey hi can I come hang out
with you or do something with you now
thirty sure come before so we'll go hang
out for a half an hour
yeah okay what should we do that sounds
awesome
leaving town tomorrow god I spend as
much time with my girls as possible
today I stayed at home till like noon
hanging out with Francine we had lunch
together
 chicken and rice it's Casey I
really knew women what are you looking
at Candice there's this thing called
true sculpt and it heats away your fat
no no look look at that honey that's
gross
there's this other thing called exercise
and that heats a layer your fat what is
it the shoes it's so much
I know the slang baked potatoes and her
fake a check I feel like baked potatoes
I know you said not to wear my space
shoes but so think these are cool
they're cool no it's are agreeable I
would be with you why would I take it
these are cool right yeah you click back
to the future what's going on with you
guys
here on you're the coolest guy I know I
learned about watching you watching the
videos I need your expert opinion on
something
don't ok are these shoes cool
or horrible are you getting paid well
you're not getting paid not getting paid
okay start over ask question again cool
or horrible
wait that's the peanut gallery hold I'm
gonna get them next but the question is
does this does it have like a button
that makes you do something interesting
yeah nothing cuz they look so nice
scientific they're just shoes then
they're horrible you think a horrible -
I mean you were standing over there and
I was like damn those shoes suck Oh
only you can pull that off no no no no
one can
you're a pretty cool guy on there if you
own it then it's cool you're so foolish
tonight no I want to be home early so I
can see the baby so I'll be home at a
reasonable hour is your mom still should
we go out yeah we don't have a
babysitter but your mom Oh should we go
out yeah yeah I want a feature I want to
be sure for you Mike all right I'll take
you through you too yeah I'm good take
care of the way I see you all chanting
you too man take care
we're having a team meeting here at work
and everyone just asked what is up with
my shoes but you don't like that well
you could be honest you like them hello
okay these are made by General Electric
so tomorrow at 6:45 a.m. I'm meeting the
entire beam team at the airport and
we're going on a company retreat this is
something that's been long overdue all
of us as a team getting together
focusing on the company having good like
work conversations and doing it outside
of the office
now we put Jack in charge of picking out
where we go so obviously he rented some
mansion in some tropical island
somewhere it's going to be awesome
and I'm going to share every detail of
it with you right here
honey you could've killed me
you drive like a man yeah Oh Candace
you're fans hi we literally came to
Bahrain to New York
thank you so much Casey guys hi nice to
meet you sir oh my god here this green
light red light green light bye-bye hi
Candace I can't go anywhere with you
that is ridiculous
shame they're so sweet though let's go
at her fame all right so I leave you and
I go and I'm having an all team meeting
at beam yeah and I'm like if you know
the media I'm like are there any
questions is everything clear and Jon
raised his hand and he's like I've got
one question what's up with your shoes
oh they're so bad it's like I'm not
attracted to you at all anything have to
take it there
- 32.2 does he get exciting for you
every day there's that test coming down
the ramp yeah I love going down there
