just like velocity of the Titanic today
is day two at VidCon well I got in
yesterday today's good - on the schedule
for today but this is my first thing
it's at 3:30 it's only 11:00 now I got a
great run in this morning I will and I
have the exact same outfit on where we
got matching shirts and then matching
that's how we do just lost will back
there we have this crazy idea for a
video today I don't know if we're gonna
do it I told you how we feel wherever he
wanted for London or whatever we wanted
to eat so we got a pretzels apples om
cheese forget Bulls achievement thanks
just in your opinion to do this and not
cause too much of a scene let's kill in
front of the Convention Center
yeah exactly he should start what no all
right stay with destiny
are you gonna hit record it's rolling
all right cases getting swarmed so we're
gonna take a group selfie over here
everybody by Casey I'm not going to miss
a single ham
so this is the hard part today I'm going
to go up there right here okay BRB Casey
I have your camera Casey pick you up
this is causing a disturbance it is my
name is Wendy hi
I wondered have you guys 10:09 that
would be awesome okay no problem
sorry about this hey Bob I think they
made Casey go outside nice to meet you
we found him yeah are you alive
yeah thank you I saw you got taken gonna
be a sponsor for this camera totally two
of them um phone number um so we
kidnapped just back here and we got
David giving us a ride all right it was
a great job
you're doing a great job then we're
gonna go to Walmart now and just get
some costumes or some sort of disguises
was that a good setup Sean um we should
get one more time faster did we already
pass it yes what are you thinking I'm
thinking you needs to mean they're like
real cool dad shorts or like total
athletic swishy shorts I think this is
more of a headband I was betraying the
Hat with your two years under there
Oh a little update things are going
really well I got this shirt you're
actually doing panties off and then I
got these shorts and a bandana I don't
know why but like a bandana I'd still
have facial hair and I really want
Mickey Mouse sunglasses which way to
Disneyland I know this looks a little
weird but this is what I'm going for
just got these shoes I think that
completes the outfit I still need facial
hair but I think we're looking pretty
good
we just like drove by a party city so
we're going to go have a party city and
go with a I think I go with the suave
set wonderful party city's been great
we've got us we're ready we got the rest
of the supplies here we're going to go
back down back at the hotel I have to do
a panel right now she's really throwing
sort of the fish bones wishbone how do
you say that saying turn a fish bone in
our operation I think we have to shoot
the next bang it's a wrench not a fish
you're showing a benchmark did you know
that you have car washes yeah I love the
great art the great job good son
it is a character
this is it right now going out of the
panel
I didn't realize there's some really
interesting folks on this panel with me
wish me luck
this is going pretty well
Hey and did you say this is not going on
no I'm just trying to sneak a little
vogner yeah yeah give me my space those
are different pays case you did good job
on top I think it went well too we're
headed back to hotel now
hopefully to finish our video what that
what are you after that I'm just cutting
you off up it's a full day for us we've
got an hour to get this video done
gorgeous we're just talking about like
hey I heard hi we're running your
skateboard but I live at the hotel
what do you think here we can get
through there's the hotel
whoa and out of ten we safely made it
back the hotel room we're going to
transform from like people who look like
this to people that we think will
seamlessly blend in with the crowd
this has cheers yes yes that's it we're
ready to go you get one of them selfies
by the Disneyland sign up Carlo see you
there we're talking about just didn't
recognize this huh
people did recognize us and they laugh
but you got to do stuff like that it's
just too much fun right now I'm late for
the Samsung event also known as the main
reason why I'm out here
VidCon that shoots a little longer than
expected so so I'm trying to get out of
here right now that's it that's
everything time to go out of the hotel
in rude yeah back in turns for this
auntie Jason we're in this private room
at the Samsung event and then we're next
door for the actual the actual of that
nervous you're nervous yeah public
speaking I get nervous though it's not
just that one like I work like quite
hard on this video and you know are you
good with public speaking that's getting
a little I am yeah
let's get by you nervous a little bit
yeah universe I'm ready for you yeah
how's the crowd out there
great it's packed in there I think it
was great it was great you were a great
moderator
I think it went really well I mean the
moderator was kind of unsure beside that
but it went really well I'm really
excited to see what people think of all
of our videos
taking over Casey's vlog right now
Casey's talking a lot of people so I'm
doing him favor I don't even know what
I'm saying I'm gonna give up
bye guys where you going so from that
was it that was the Samsung event I
think it was a big success I didn't film
it people were messing with that camera
but really excited about that with
really excited about the way that turned
out now
let's got to go to bed right when you
open it so I came up our yeah whatever
why did you buy it I know this is how
you're gonna behave look at that
