wake up at CPAC SFO LAX you wake up at
O'Hare dallas-fort worth BWI Pacific
Mountain Central you lose an hour gained
an hour this is your life and you're
living it one minute at a time music you
wake up an air Harbor international you
wake up at a different time in a
different place you wake up as a
different person everywhere I travel
tiny life single-serving sugar single
serving cream single pad of butter the
microwave breakfast burrito hobbyking
shampoo conditioner combos sample
packets mouthwash tiny bars of soap and
the people I meet on these trips they're
single serving friends between landing
and taking off we have our time together
but that's all we get not sure vind
Oklahoma before maybe I've been to
Oklahoma before I have exactly three
hours free this afternoon I want to
check this place out but first I'm gonna
run
right
go ahead and give up I probably should
have searched I have a problem a small
problem but it might throw off my whole
afternoon presentation
ass up to edit my blog and do all kinds
of other work I didn't bring a charger
for my laptop this is gonna this is
gonna throw off the whole afternoon
whatever this smallest cheapest rental
car is like give me a subcompact if you
have one check out what they gave me
this thing is a beast
it's about as American as it gets right
here we got a chevy silverado extended
cab full-size pickup truck
ok Google ok Google ok Google ok Google
where is the nearest Apple store alright
next stop first stops gonna be yeah it
says it's 32 minutes away this is really
crushing my plans to explore all of
Oklahoma City but you know I'm sure the
Apple store is gonna be lovely
right
all right this is the mall man I haven't
been to like a big mall a lot Wow how
are you I'm awesome how are you where's
the apple star amazing I'm awesome I
need a charger for my MacBook Pro it's
like whatever the newest one is you dear
Apple great store great experience your
employees were lovely this costs $95 $95
you know by this the cable you know by
this that Ward $95 you know what really
chaps my ass is the fact that I don't
need it I have three of these at home
I just forgot them and I can't do my now
for the city tour of Oklahoma
that is Oklahoma City this was where I
wanted to do my exploration today I had
this whole movie planned today and it
was gonna be Casey explores Oklahoma
City a place he's never been to before
that's not gonna happen I'm late I'm
supposed to be at this dinner in nine
minutes and it's like 20 minutes away I
screwed up good so instead of giving you
a city tour I'll give you a life lesson
this is true this is very true get a pen
write this down ready however much time
you think something's going to take you
in life and will always take twice that
amount so if you think it takes five
minutes to drive somewhere it will
always take ten if you think it'll take
an hour to go get a stupid overpriced
charger for your stupid overpriced
laptop it'll take two hours everything
in life takes twice as long as you think
it will alright at nine minutes to get
this dinner I think I can get there in
ten
Oh
spoken
yeah I spoke at the University of
Oklahoma tonight great crew already
gotta go to bed I gotta get up in five
hours
I got another flight
