what's up man this job last week no way
oh my god camera nice to meet you I
gotta get back to my helicopter all
right
if you won't respect you gotta earn my
Candace is watching old flock episodes
is this like your version looking at old
photo albums just about done packing but
Candace says I can't bring these shoes
with me I think issues are awesome look
at they're a gift from General Electric
and since Candace is my fashion
consultant I have to listen to her bye
honey
thank you doesn't it feel like I'm
always in this Airport
back in dictator bo5 flying back to the
west coast again in the same plane I
don't really mind this commute the
planes are nice I get TV I get
high-speed Internet I work it's like six
hours of total focus and great snacks
is lonely in this airport though if only
I had a friend to hang oh hey Jack oh
okay believe it or not we set that up
that wasn't real or spontaneous but I
did spontaneously see jack in the
security line and I was filming him and
like a proper armed police officer came
over and just totally flipped out went
through my camera and deleted the
footage I got no evidence of a death it
was good it was a good moment there's a
great moment got my own little booth
this guy right here did you get the
fancy system with her space it's way
better in the back love it back there
jack
free doritos it's better in the back
yeah deck welcome aboard flight for 2-3
non-stop to LAX on behalf of Captain
offer ourselves arrived at our in flight
crew thought you could join us the
spring
you know if I seemed less energetic that
I normally do I didn't get my run in
this morning I woke up at 4:00 a.m. by
the time I was finishing my work I had a
pack heat that I need that run excuse me
sir
those Doritos are for everyone how many
bags if you uh my records like 12 I
think I'll seems we just can't win with
Pop's lips you want some cookies not
even want these I just like it he just
got a take
this see this boss
so much space
check this out ready
I've got a door
Jack I didn't get us a rental car
I did us one better I got us a
helicopter
we're flying into VidCon loud but the
definite
before the planning please check around
your seating area for any personal items
you may run on board and be careful when
opening overhead bins ever supposed to
have a tendency to shift during place
literally have two people working on
getting my boosted board into this
helicopter Jackie you okay back there
yeah doing great all right next up
VidCon
wouldn't let us land on the roof of the
Convention Center something about
Disneyworld not allowing anyone to fly
near the park
how was your ride yet long and painful
no that's great
basically pure Anaheim is a small town
outside of Los Angeles where they built
Disneyland and it's basically just
mini-malls and franchise restaurants a
gigantic convention center and what am i
leaving out here jack so many fast food
restaurants it's insane how many fast
food restaurants there are it is nice
here because everyone is here is like on
vacation so everybody's pretty psyched
to be here you need anything no you sure
yes how about a Gatorade no I'm good sir
all right M&Ms no peanut M&Ms chewing
gum Snickers bar 2x pop twizzler thank
you though
all right before we get though tell Jack
and I are getting emergency supplies
essentials but bottled water baby oil
two pieces of water
redbull I think I'm good good
have you ever had a look bar Jack I
never have don't know there's not a big
cherry
I read that eat it without an oh no I
could go for a Reese's I'm gonna go have
some reason yeah I'll go happy thank you
very much are you jumping up yes are
they here for VidCon I have your last
name please
hey are you good are you all right
I'm going to send you up to those white
cones and I'll take care of you from
there thank you
I wonder how many people greet her with
a rolling Tamron interface every week
every person that comes in is getting
that shot
hey doing Jackie I think we'll see our
stuff again no way God is this how you
bring in everybody this is the craziest
walk forever
isn't it super weird yeah I know yeah
all right all right all right
this is my room pretty great room thanks
VidCon this is some of the stuff that I
get oh there's one more plastic bag
really perfect I'll grab first I
appreciate it it's happening it's
happening
getting those miles all right let's go
are you guys are you guys coming on the
run with us I ran out the tickets we had
to move it yeah yes sir that's right
back
come on yeah yeah yeah get it hey guys
yeah hey make it out taste dryness
you just breathe he and dried out here
hotel Jackie solid run sorry I lost Jack
Jack has been running for that long but
the guy is fast okay rude I need a
shower but one of my favorite people in
the whole world just texted me
heyo fine nice room who's standing here
with you
this is just all me man huh look at this
you yeah if you want to tour later I
guess I might drop by Shawn's room is
better than my room it's true get on my
level now get more subscribe really
frustrates me you're my inspiration
Shawn I'm gonna take a shower
let's hang out yeah give after your
shower later dude don't know what I'm
gonna do by foler
step or go through this look Saturday 20
to 200 how is that so excited today is
Shawn's
200th episode of his bed and 200 pieces
of cereal for breakfast I say huge deal
man
well I'm showing me around kill it bro
when we find a secret parking garage or
just a regular party was mostly a secret
one
it's not good revert toast right now
we're just trying to get we're just
trying to get to a place where we could
be alone and be outside we can sounded
really romantic trying we're trying
we're just trying to get to the parking
garage but we just got trapped trying to
get onto the roof and we fail miserably
right the hotel in the luggage cart with
the sheet over us like a fort we're on
another stairwell this is the Promised
One p5 right here
Oh
see there are so many people here it's
very hard to be outside an area where
you can like actually move but we found
that area
are you staying in the hotel yeah here's
your room key in my past I just needed
to make sure they hear all right we're
here just like 10 minutes it's not a big
deal and then we'll walk away we came in
yeah I know you're fine up here okay I
mean we all need a real rap again sorry
about that okay here we go stick it guys
thanks for looking into around the
trouble Anna
vidcon I just want to say that I'm sorry
about that really we didn't mean to
cause any trouble so again I'm sorry
like I respect the security and the
importance of security here we were just
like trying to find a place where we can
skateboard I think they were cool with
that they were let's have some fun yeah
all right we're gonna skateboard now
sorry again for the trouble
Finity hey Cameron this is where our
venti will be tomorrow night yeah if you
want to come just from here at 6:30 I'm
just kidding don't don't come because
we're going to 200 people for this thing
be cool
don't go stuff you're gonna root like a
whole point of us tomorrow
this event seemed to be great tomorrow
night I think I don't know I can never
tell just wish everybody could come oh
can you guys go subscribe to my youtube
channel called Cowan CLE alo again
subscribe his YouTube channel they
always meet the nicest people here in
the airport
