happy Father's Day
actually it's not really much of a
special in fact this is not a regular
vlog at all I'm making this instead of
law because on Father's Day I left my
cameras at home I shot nothing I really
wanted to spend the day with my family I
was gonna make a video about like what
it means to be a father but then I
realized most of the people who watch
this are not parents or fathers but
everyone who watches this either has a
father or a parent or guardian or an
adult in their life who like helps show
them the way I thought it might be fun
to share a couple of stories from like
when I was a kid and I was a horrible
kid that's my mom and me and this is the
look that I made when she would say
Casey smile for the camera what a little
 so this story I'm like 12 or 13
years old and my parents had put me in
summer camp which is awesome but I was
thrown out and here's why I was thrown
out first of all I I think this is a
picture from when my parents were taking
me to summer camp that's me right there
in the Red Hot Chili Peppers hat with
the bleached hair I used to think that
was so cool that's my dad
so I hatched this harebrained scheme to
climb into the rafters of the girls
changing room and check out all the
ladies getting dressed I know like I was
a kid I was 12 years old I don't like
this this is the boys side of the locker
room this this was the girls side of the
locker room in the middle here in the
middle here was the office and my idea
was pretty simpler like this we climb up
the rafters here in the boys locker room
get onto the rafters we'd sneak to over
the girls locker room where we could
peer down where we could peer down and
check out all the ladies now this is
just an awful idea for a million reasons
but we did it and we were successful and
when we got over the girls side of the
locker room I looked down and I was like
this all right ooh
and my friend looked over at me like
that and then all the girls looked up
like aah and all the girls freaked out
and like all like threw towels and like
we're like Oh
she starts shimmying backwards and then
we're over the office right here and
like the counters look
like nice add or not I can't my dad had
to come get me one more story in them
and go home so this is a little older I
just got into high school now when I get
to high school like you know middle
school you're a kid and you're like
everybody's friends everybody get to
high school and all sudden there are
seniors and juniors and cool kids and
not cool kids and cliques in the and the
cheerleaders and the Nerds and that and
I didn't know where I fit it and like I
really freshman year of high school
filling with some like bad kids and like
we smoked a lot of pot and we like drank
beer we like and we would like skip
school and do stupid stuff like that and
this story involves interaction with my
dad and as a debt I cannot imagine what
he must have gone me and like four of my
really don't be really dumb friends cut
school we went to my parents house to
smoke pot homemade bike shed that my mom
had built that looked like a gingerbread
house my mom's a little bit eccentric I
feel like you know a half an hour five
of us just sat in there smoking pot I
think the school called my dad and said
I hadn't shown up at class so my dad
drove home to see if I was there and he
gets home he can't find me and he was
like leaving the house just as we opened
the doors to the shed and like a huge
cloud of weed smoke came out it must
have smelled like a Bob Marley concert
we were like Clint it was abundantly
clear what we had been doing up there 14
year old 13 old could face the face of
my dad surrounded by my friends there's
all kinds of ego and we're going up and
I'm like completely baked off my I don't
remember what says Stone them I remember
that and as a pair I just cannot imagine
what that must have been like for my dad
he didn't scream at me or like take off
his belt and beat the crap out of me
then which he should have I think he
just sort of let me go with my friends
and then the next day sat me down and
gave me this like really intense talk
about drugs which was like good
parenting dad that was absolutely the
right thing to do and kids if you're
watching this right now don't smoke pox
it makes you really stupid that's why I
did such a stupid thing so that's it
that's it for Father's Day storytime
we'll be back tomorrow with a regular
vlog just please parenting gets really
really hard so how much of jerks your
parents may seem
be really nice to them his chances are
they're trying as hard as they can all
right happy Father's Day
