yo what's up Hollywood one two three
thank you for taking me
7:54 in the morning I'm back in New York
City back running my regular route then
tomorrow's Father's Day I am so happy to
be back in New York City
Candis Hemingway ups we let mommy nap in
there to the coffee maybe some snacks
maybe a scone maybe a chocolate chip
cookie ooh la la what do we get for your
friends to get your plan you can say hi
hi
the merry-go-round politics are serious
this morning seats on a premium this is
an art installation and as you swing it
makes music hear it it sounds so nice
doesn't it
babies nap will probably last for two
hours I've got like four errands to run
it should be good
does it work it does hahaha
doing good are you okay I just need a
not inflated red balloon sure it's a
dollar perfect thank you I'm good I just
need this one balloon one balloon need a
bag I don't need a bag all right take
care
most inventive business card ever first
time I ever met the owner of balloon
saloon she just handed me this and I was
like whoa hey nice to meet you
it's just a business card brilliant
Aaron number two this one it's a little
more dramatic than the red balloon
over there tell me you're not sold out
sorry teachers I'm so psyched you had
though
they have it thank you sir nice to meet
you it was so nice to mention there are
awesome you guys are awesome as always
take care Apple store always such a
pleasure my skateboard then ok for ever
javis no me neither
Mac Bugs Bunny and Tim thanks for all
the Hawaiian candy I just want to take
one second talk about the spread drones
every single time I every single time I
wreck one of these and every single time
I have to buy another one
there are a million comments by
pissed-off individuals about how I don't
take care of my gear and blah blah blah
these things are expensive and crashing
them does suck and tall the hears were
like he treats his stuff like crap why
doesn't he take more care of that it's
disrespectful what I think that's
completely kind of completely off-base
you know I use these things I really use
these things I don't keep them locked up
in a safe somewhere to be taken out on
precious special occasions
I literally keep it in my backpack with
no protection and if I have two minutes
I send it up near and get a shot and
that's the only way I found it like
organically integrate the amazing
footage that drones give you into my
blog if it was something more formal
where I go out and there's a big setup I
baby this thing I only get big fat
aerial shots it wouldn't make for
interesting content so there is like
there's a huge inherent risk there and I
understand that and I respect that and
like this is part of the costs of doing
business like me breaking a lot of
cameras it's because they always have to
be at the ready and the moment I baby
then keep them in a case don't have them
ready to go is the moment these vlogs
these videos start to get a little
less good so I trade being spontaneous
and being fast and being nimble to get
the shot for the safety and security of
my year and look I certainly empathize
with young creators that are totally
broke and would kill to have this gear
and they would baby it I empathize with
them because I was one of them this
thing this thing is 16 years old and I
bought this on a credit card when I
could barely afford to eat I like I put
everything on the line to buy this
camera which was the foundation of my
career and when I had this camera it was
protected it lived in like this hardcase
inside of my backpack I treated it like
it was a human baby and I hope that all
of you that are frustrated every time
you see me wreck one of these things
eventually grow your own career to a
point where you have access to whatever
equipment you need I follow this dude on
Instagram who has like huge muscles and
a big beard
and he only dates porn stars and he's
always wrecking his Lamborghinis and I'm
like dude if I don't amber Guinea
I would never reckon but it's his Lambo
so if he wants to wreck it I guess
that's fine these things fly solo in
their brand new imma charge it up
run you know kasey kahne say i can see
this whole thing
you know you're one of my favorite parts
in New York City hey Big John you need
to come all right I'll see you
these new brand new ones I don't trust
them until they've been in the air had a
few floods you gotta do the testing well
that's essentially how I feel about life
full of loneliness and misery and
suffering and happiness and it's all
over
yeah smooth as butter not a fan of war
yeah I just bought one on Friday
