it's so good there is morning sir what
are you doing out here I'm running with
you keeping up just having to run to
this guy here by chance
I'm gonna go him to keep running good
Luz it's good to catch up
all right solid seven half-mile San
Francisco run can't seem to figure out
where I'm staying
showered shaved cleaned uh I'm in San
Francisco for one day just for some
really uninteresting business meetings
my favorite hotel is totally booked up
so I rented an Airbnb this is like
somebody else's apartment that I'm
staying in it's kind of nice it's homey
great run with fin this morning just
like when you stay in a hotel you feel
like a visitor you feel like you're like
on vacation you're visiting them when
you say an apartment like a residential
apartment you kind of don't get live in
the town even if only there for a day
I'm just showing up at my first meeting
right now in the hardest part of these
trips is that it'd be wildly
inappropriate for me to bring a camera
into what is a business meeting so your
destination is on the right
all right first meeting done well I'm
going to drive like 45 minutes now out
to Mountain View I'm gonna have a coffee
to make sure I don't fall asleep in the
car and my next meeting is until later
this afternoon so I might make a guest
visit at one of my favorite places in
the world I just don't know if I have
enough time
Yeah right This Is It this is one of my
favorite places in the world I visited
here like six months ago or something
like that and I haven't been back since
but I'm psyched to be here do you know
where I am do you know what this place
is boosted board headquarters let me in
let me in
yes what's up man
yeah anything fun to show me oh yeah
lots of fun okay okay how are pre-sales
going with 2.0 amazing really so good
yeah why are these things so expensive
because they're awesome awesome all
right so the boosted version - when does
it ship it starts shipping next month
okay so you're about to get a sneak
preview a boosted version three this is
the first time ever no one's ever seen
this before
here it is boosted version three
toboggan Edition huge expectations for
this huh it's gonna be amazing
that's just a joke we're just kidding
this is like this is where they do all
the testing back here how do you get the
official job to be a boosted board
tester and are you hiring it's a careful
selection process you have to prove
yourself over many years and miles of
writing what's the boosted board that
has the most mileage so that's Matt he's
put 4,000 miles on his board look if
I've done that much just that it's
probably not maybe still understand how
you get any work done well no one's on
the skate ramp right now 2.0 naked 2.0
taking apart 2.0 I don't know if this
machine is no but these are two
functional v2 units that we're testing
right now okay takes is v2 person all
right I should know quick bit more kick
this one has more kick I want more kick
whoa this has a lot more kick holy
smokes that feels nice
the best booth before I've ever days
yeah
you guys are really good you should give
them jobs I gotta get the hell out of
here I'm late for my meeting all right
let's get to see it good riding I think
you only wear a helmet nice to meet you
damn straight yep I'm gonna take this
with me if you guys want to put the rest
in the trunk of the rental car thanks a
hospitality bye guys
love those guys I'm out here for work
and when I say work I mean like actual
real business meetings most of them
being related that was not a business
meeting now just me meeting those guys
to mess around I had like 20 minutes to
kill and now I'm going to be late for an
actually important business me like one
of the reasons why I'm out here but that
was so much fun nice motorcycle my
little brother is on a cross-country
motorcycle trip he flew from New York
City to Oregon where he bought this
thing now he's driving from Oregon back
to New York City he happens to be in San
Francisco the same day I'm in San
Francisco yo Dean Dean welcome to San
Francisco nice motorcycle man how much
bigger is the thing your other bike oh
man it just eats up the miles does it
it's so easy to ride I mean you'll hit
95 and the window
have a good night sir alright brother
and I came out not sure what we're doing
we need food
I don't want to go to the movies no big
plans though just the record that little
brother that wanted to go shopping not
me but it's me that's buying all the new
clothes you should have never come in
here all right you are all set you have
your credit card I think so thank you
very much have a great night
we're locked in yeah awesome this is
like a Disney movies from the 80s all
right thank you very much
this first time in the city and gets
pretty excited Dean's just taking that
Instagram you know then you get a lot of
likes with that picture Dean it's your
first time in San Francisco do you in
that place or that place
so job okay that's yeah you know that
thing when you want to McDonald's food
and it seems like such a good idea in
your starving so you get McDonald's food
me like this is the most delicious thing
I've ever eaten like five minutes after
you finish you just are full of regret
and you feel a little that's exactly how
I feel right now
thank you very much
