all right this is this is Joe Joe this
is Joe right here this morning I'm
starting my days shooting a show called
sneaker shopping with complex it's on
their YouTube channel I'll link it below
but basically we've been in here talking
yes
talking sneakers good good insight on
sneakers late the last hour and I
actually bought a bunch of pair of
sneakers three great pickups three great
ones you know what my wife says just
don't buy any more fucking sneakers well
she's not gonna be happy this is the
second to last shot
I really want to show you the shoes that
I got but the guys they said that I
should keep it kind of as a teaser so
maybe you'll go watch their show again
I'll link it below I think their show
comes out in a couple weeks or something
but uh check out the weather it looks
perfect and what that means is today I
can finally review the new drone the sky
do r1 this is that one I talked about in
my video from a couple days ago that
supposed to be like crash gotta get more
lights where it's supposed to be
uncrashable and made by these MIT grads
and stuff okay this is the unboxing
the hard were looking at the size of
this thing it's big it doesn't break
down in any way and if you compare it to
a a Mavic which folds it's a the
footprints a little bit bigger compared
to a phantom for the footprints about
the same size obviously it's a lot
thinner than the phantom Forks it
doesn't have those feet the spark is
just tiny compared to this thing and
compared to the Mavic air you know it's
it's it's substantially larger this is
made out of aluminum and carbon fiber
this is not plastic no the magic of this
thing the selling point of this thing
the reason why it's so revolutionary is
the fact that it has 13 cameras on it
it's it's a lot of sensors and it's
supposed to have the best AI the best
artificial intelligence of any drone
ever made it's supposed to fly with
total autonomy it's suppose to be able
to read the environment around it and
never crash into anything it says it has
a 256 core processor powering the whole
thing pretty compelling sales pitch
let's give it a try
it is a truly majestic afternoon here in
downtown Manhattan this is a location
where I'm gonna be testing this drone I
picked this location because it is the
busiest with stuff overhanging and
flying through things I can honestly say
that even though I may be the greatest
I'm not the greatest even though I'm a
perfectly average drone pilot there's no
way I could navigate through this area
with any of my DJI drones you've got
trees on the right cheese on the left
they overhang so there's no path through
here and then even here trees overhead
building to the right trees to the left
again there's no way I could get a drone
through here we're talking about 6 feet
8 feet on either side trees above us
completely there's no way you could
navigate this with a drone I would go as
far as to say this would be impossible
to fly even the best pilot would really
struggle I don't see how anybody could
fly a regular drone through here and
this is where the maiden test is gonna
be for the r1 okay so here's how it's
gonna work I'm gonna take the drone off
from here I'm gonna follow the drone
filming with this camera to give you a
perspective on what it looks like when
this is flying through the air Lance
here is going to ride this bicycle and
the drones going to try to follow Lance
not follow me
all right so let's aim for the most busy
possible area and see if this thing can
follow you
Wow don't betray the dream
very impressive very impressive watch
this there he goes
and there it goes
kind of testicles oh wow all right I've
in my life never seen anything perform
the way this thing has performed weaving
through those trees it's it's the way it
flies looks almost like it has a brain
of its own like it's its own human you
know those Boston dynamic videos where
they've got like the robot dogs that can
open a door and it scares the shit out
of you
that's what this flies like if I were to
compare this to DJ eyes on autonomous
features it'd be a little bit like
compare like a Ford Model T to a
Lamborghini like this isn't a small step
up in tracking and following technology
this is a quantum leap you don't want
robots doing what this robot can do
alright let's talk about the
not-so-great so this thing does one
thing that's the follow feature better
than anything else in the market by a
huge margin but that's the only thing it
does better than every other competing
consumer marketed drone on the market
first of all the size and form factor I
could really see myself using this when
I go snowboarding I could see myself
using this maybe when I'm skateboarding
but it doesn't fit in my backpack and I
had strapped the outside of my backpack
Britz wider than my backpack and I kept
getting caught on things this is just a
ginormous drone considering all it does
is follow you speaking of all it does is
follow you it also lacks sort of the
cinematic capabilities of any of the DJI
drones that have a controller with them
those big sweeping beautiful views
that's not what this is designed for you
controlling this with a cellphone which
means it's range is a couple hundred
feet instead of a couple thousand feet
the touch controls are imprecise with
this because again you're on a phones
there's imprecise is there with any of
the competing drones that use a phone
and then there's the image itself this
thing takes super crispy yummy 4k
footage that has great color
reproduction but it's one wide-angle
image that sort of looks like it kind of
looks like I handed my three-year-old
daughter a camera and said try to keep
me in frame it's always jerky and moving
around trying to keep you in front and
then the last major beef I have with
this is the price it's twenty five
hundred dollars for that same twenty
five hundred bucks you could buy
yourself a phantom 4 pro and a Mavic air
and have money left over to eat at
McDonald's every day for lunch for a
month nice that's a lot of money to
spend for a drone that really has one
feature now an email the company asking
them about what I saw as this product
shortcomings they had a good response
they said think of this like the
first-generation Tesla it's really made
to show off what the technology is
capable of that's why it's so expensive
and and it leaves me very excited for
the future especially excited when I
think of maybe DJI buys the technology
behind this thing and they build the
hardware these guys build the software
imagine these two
having a little drone baby that can do
what this thing does but can also do
what this thing does but is the size of
this thing that is like a dream that is
like a fan droned fantasy I want to
complement the side no team on on
building this little bastard the
technology is very exciting I can't wait
to see where you take this thing next
throughout the launch I will be playing
with this thing
that's good
