take care guys
lovely one
lovely one
I'll keep I'll put you in today's video
Hey yeah not used you yes yeah cuz he
waves at the camera nice to me yeah nice
to meet you too what smoothie how about
a umm thank you what running app he is
have you using Nike it doesn't work well
it says 2014 anyway i need 13 miles on
sunday 12 miles yesterday this morning i
took it easy with a nice six mile run
recovering with some vegan protein this
is health stuff get boring just had a
stimulating two hour meeting with my
bookkeeper see when you get old like me
and you become an adult you have to do
things like pay taxes and make sure you
remember to pay all your bills and okay
what's in this box is extremely exciting
and i want to get into it but it's 1251
and i got a meeting at one o'clock
lovely one big counties in nine days
quick meeting today with
did Paul send you the marriage proposal
yes he did some that to me the last time
last time she was in the vlog somebody
literally proposed to her in the comment
section I unique go for it ur III don't
even know who it is
so I think I'd happen to love her yeah
follow maybe follow up is it is the pool
gonna be part of our party QP yeah maybe
it sounds like that disgusting our
VidCon party two things one there's
going to be a pool and - I'm a little
concerned at how many people were going
to get to invite is there any latitude
anymore no stop asking this we need to
meet again before VidCon we get this
like guys could see it this is gonna be
good right it's great okay
lovely one
lovely one
love me
as following sleep this is a Casey
Neistat world exclusive the first-ever
unbook need like that this occasion
after world exclusive first ever
unboxing of the boosted board version
2.00 man Casey is this second gen
prototype alright is this remember these
things from 1992 boost it you know I
love you guys but of all the schwag to
send somebody in the middle of the
summer I don't know if a boosted board
balaclava was like where I'd star maybe
a baseball hat or a tank top prototype
boosted with version 2.0 check out these
new motor systems back here battery and
motors and stuff are finally sealed up
so if you hit a puddle or maybe there's
just a little bit of rain this thing's
not going to get destroyed it's about
time boosted board boosted 1.0 see how
this has this like stupid cable back
here
all right I've broken two of those
boosted 2.0 totally modular it pulls
right out plugs right back in 2.0 a lot
of people asking the comments how much
money boosted board pays me to talk
about their boards in these videos they
don't pay me at all see I am an adviser
to boosted boards so like I like work
for them it's like a it's like mostly
though it's just a small company out of
San Francisco I really like the owners I
love what they're up to absolutely
passionate about what they're building
and that's really easy for me to get
behind
I have a very important meeting right
now at CNN like the news TV channel they
asked to have a meeting with me so I'm
having a meeting with that the local
horse Hey look another horse hey check
out how much power is left in my boosted
board
come on check once I'm ready right
okay thank you metal detectors in the
lobby what they say watch out forgot
early here pay for it I didn't hear
anything you didn't hear any unless you
got something behind I didn't hear
anything we got a lot headed to five
okay no problem dear CNN I appreciate
tight security thank you very much
I don't know how much I'm gonna be able
to film in here to be totally honest
what the hell is that in the lower
left-hand corner that's horrible why are
you showing that why is that on TV
there's a horrible
all right just about done with the
meeting here these executives are super
hardcore but I think we might be
building a meaningful relationship it
was a pleasure meeting you
it's a pleasure meeting you too William
thanks for the time welcome nice to meet
you guys thanks for the time great
meeting thank you good luck at school
next year
good luck in fourth grade the big year
bye guys
I have no idea what that was about how
about I go back I'm gonna go back and
say hi
doesn't do that what are you guys doing
okay everybody everybody go
only in New York City
lovely
this dude loves Metallica
