God these guys with their stupid tiny
car but that was over how you I feel man
well good to see you're out
special special running yes Sheldon
better hurry here he come
so I'm the guy on TV but everybody wants
to take pictures
I guess YouTube really is the hot place
to be is this video so nice to meet you
you're amazing I'll see you in the
neighborhood
hi people recognize me from Casey's
blogger how do you recognize him from
the but the first firstly from some cool
people
oh yeah there it is TV is dead oh hello
YouTube if you don't know this guy stars
in a TV show on MTV and what the hell is
MTV reluctantly agreed to let me bribed
the boo support I ride his bike if
you're weird that I ride in everyday and
I own four of them and I'm jealous of
you right now
for the uninitiated VidCon is this event
that happens every year in California
and it's like the biggest YouTube
physical get-together that takes place
throughout the entire year now
last year is my first year at VidCon and
I have to admit before going I thought
it was like trying to dump I was wrong I
can't believe the rest of the world
doesn't realize what VidCon is it sort
of falls into two categories but let me
just just it's like on one side you have
tens of thousands of the biggest YouTube
fan and on the other side you've got
tens of thousands of like the most
passionate YouTube creators there are
fans are there to meet with other fans
and to see the youtubers and the
creators there to speak with other
Creators and together together they
represent really what is the next
generation of like media and YouTube and
video so this year my second year at
VidCon I wanted to go big I want to do
something bigger than just me to do that
first I needed a partner someone to
bring like resources and money and like
all the things that I don't have to the
table luckily I have a friend in Samsung
that does have all of those things from
this briefcase when I did the thing at
the Oscars so it seems I'm putting out a
whole bunch of these
you got your selfie stick your various
mounts yet you're getting 360 camera
here you got your Galaxy s7 here charger
behind that VR goggles here everything
you need to make a kick-ass PR movie in
this CIA style briefcase
so yeah I had Samsung put together a
whole bunch of these kids and then we
decide who the creators are that we want
to work with I'll share that information
soon we give them all this stuff then at
VidCon we do like a movie premiere style
thing for instead of having a big like
movies big like movie screen
we just have a rumor everybody puts on
their VR a rumor everybody puts on their
VR goggles ah and everybody watches the
same movie in VR in the same space at
once obviously we can't invite everyone
to this this is going to be a small
thing but it could get bigger in the
future and for all of you most of you
that aren't going to make it to VidCon
I'll share all the details on this
channel that will make sure everybody's
video goes online doesn't that sound
awesome I'm super pumped about it
can you believe upset people God that I
made fun of their micro machine look at
this thing man it's a funny car
this guy yeah I don't know how you fit
in that car it was bigger I see you too
man thank you guys in the hood all right
we'll be around be careful in that thing
real slow around the corners guys take
care on my way to 17th Street I'm giving
a talk today Google headquarters Google
headquarters is like definitely the
coolest office in the city
I need besides my mixer so sick so fun
everybody loves the boosted board just
chilling outside Google here waiting on
Jessica just waiting on Jessica all
right yeah where she no longer they see
you this
Oh
it's just too fun we're getting ready
now I speak in how many minutes five to
five minutes
great three minutes up multi-touch
talking ten
it's my intro video electrofisher
wrestler
hundred million thank you very much take
a look at Spanish
I think that talk won't really well he
boys asked I'd talk about these things
that was marketers so I just share my
experiences of working on YouTube like
the last six years family concert we're
giving out here is bass shoot
are you going
thank you so much
you
you can't granting well you look great
you can tell your friends in Bombay you
got your potato with your wife and did
you know it's easy thank you
