she's walking her dog
action-packed date today
Candace we're going to go now go to the
tacos let's go to the tacos it's like 10
minutes right here I thought it was in
New Haven
it's you have to exit before New Haven
and that's exit 42 why um wait which one
do I stop at El Azteca Drive Park we're
on our way to Connecticut we've always
wanted to stop at these trucks on the
side of the freeway today's that day
verdict on this place food was great
ambience you're sitting on the side of
the highway in between what is literally
the freeway and then on the other side
there's a drainage ditch where it's
pumping sewage into this body of what
ambience is like a - food was like a
seven value was like I'm nine right now
Candice is squatting over by the
guardrail finishing up her nachos
the better right there squatting down
beside talk about stands but no I do
that again
was that good Mexican or no
it was straight accident
my lady we're not going to late but this
drive is taking us an extra hour and a
half
problem with babies not easy you ladies
look very nice especially you Candace
all right this is it almost there
these are my old photo albums 1996 I was
reading my little brother this is my dad
me and my kid brother pets us like a few
blocks from here
so this is what it looked like going
into freshman year in high school that's
me there I don't have any pictures of me
from when I was in high school that's
like the thing about high school is when
you're in high school that is your
entire world and as you grew up you
realize that the significance of high
school doesn't really go away this this
is 1999 and this is what I look like
that's 17 or 18 year old Casey the year
I was supposed to graduate high school
and that is one year old Owen my kid oh
and he was one see I never graduated
high school I dropped out when my
girlfriend got pregnant which was which
was junior year there is again I didn't
drop out of high school because I didn't
think high school was cool I didn't drop
out of high school because I had
something better to do I dropped out of
high school because I had to I didn't
have any money I had to get a job to
support my new baby I worked in a
restaurant washing dishes now there are
a lot of things I don't remember from
that time my life but there's one thing
that I remember distinctly and that
senior skip day that's the day of your
senior year in high school your last
year in high school when everybody
skipped school and parties and even
though I wasn't in high school I still
went I was super excited to see all my
friends again but when I was there I
felt like an interloper I felt like I
didn't belong and that was one of the
hardest I did kept me up man I remember
that and I I felt like a loser see I
wanted to finish high school never been
proud of the fact that I dropped out of
high school I did it because I had to I
did it out of necessity but I do
remember when my kid was born that was
18 years and two months ago today when
my kid was born promising myself that he
would never have to deal with that I was
dealing with them that he would never
have to drop out of high school as he
would graduate alongside his friend
and going to bigger things
members of the Board of Trustees and
honored guests it is a privilege to
welcome you this afternoon to celebrate
the 158 commencement ceremony held on
this magnificent canvas this is a very
special day there are no words to
express our overwhelming pride in
sharing this event I give you as we
announce the names please take note of
students
paris-nice that
