what's up guys oh my god there's kids in
the city don't make a lot of faces face
it worse there
shot how was your sleep
we're landing in life
sue-shaun is like a six-year-old on an
airplane
he made that that's pretzel deflated and
got a picture with the pilot it says it
yeah that's for life
go and divide thank you
that's us
cement hey dude shave - I think he's
good all right we've been to Belfast
that's a squad a little tired I'm a lot
tired and maybe got like an hour
um hour and half asleep in the plane a
pretty quick flight not sure what's
happening what's happening now he knows
what every shonduras is he gave a
question the fact that you travel with a
hatchet nasaw no no here's the tough
part
he looks responsible let him bring a
hatchet on the plane me I have an extra
charger I'm like why you got two
chargers huh mr. long hair they take
away everything out of his bag
everything that I go you look up the
word dad in the dictionary there's just
a picture of Dan it's true I'll take it
- I go with it I go with it how that
Shawn be the crazy one in our videos
whenever we collaborate some special
transport for use nice awesome the doors
how you doing I'm Casey Isaac this way -
nice to meet you yeah they got us some
they got us DeLorean to ride home and I
don't think I've ever been in a DeLorean
I mean I've seen Back to the Future like
50 times but never been in it before
sher shut this door yeah
is it shut yeah it's 9:00 in the morning
now our flight left at 9:00 last night
but our flight was only five hours hey
Casey can I be in the flow backflip then
you'll definitely be in oh you just got
prominent feature thanks again for the
lift I love the car and that is just
hardcore right there that it's so good
it's great to meet you things together
the left this is ah this is not my room
this is just a place from the shower
until my room gets ready this seems like
a fine room though I'd be happy at this
warm air room you got like an hour and a
half that's hot
le an hour and a half here in the room
and then we're gonna go taking advantage
of this time getting some work done hey
you doing okay I'll be right up and look
a little
yeah thank you
everyone's so friendly here trying to
stressed out because tonight's game of
Thrones and I don't know that it plays
here and so it literally brought us to
Winterfell this is where they shoot it
sure this guy's outfit what's the
problem okay so heritage Historical
Society properties nobody I could take
him in a sword fight I think that things
made out of foam I realized and I
appreciate what a special place this is
I just have to get a tiny bit of work
done before I go reconnect with the rest
of the group
there's just a matter of me being
responsible
there's a conference happening in
Belfast here tomorrow it's called the
power of video it's its first year so I
don't know a whole lot about it but I
know that it's about video they brought
in a bunch of like amazing youtubers and
just creators and technologists from
around the world so I'm super duper
excited about that and today they're
just showing us around and like doing
special stuff with us which is awesome
so I'm only here for two days and of all
the traveling I've ever done in my life
never been here
you look similar to casing I said pretty
similar but the hair and the query I say
was G when you turn around so let's see
you it's your name my name is Bartek
Bartek nice to meet you what's your name
Tom Ian Damon nice to meet you
everyone's so friendly here people it's
it's 3:00 in the afternoon
hope it's lunchtime hey isn't it
incredible
this fruit looks like but it's not real
what else do I need to know to come on
waters good this I didn't recommend yeah
what's in the soup
medieval sadness morning Sean
Judah is so tired I slept the whole time
yeah how cool my neck hurts you know my
head was like this at one point your
head like that
god what a couple of sorry losers here
zombies right now Holy Smoke
alright buddy get some sleep yeah okay
all right awesome afternoon so far
what's left on the agenda is our 7:30
meeting reception for dinner it's
currently 10 of 7 so to be downstairs in
40 minutes but I got to get a run in no
matter what no excuses accepted so this
virus isn't work
I don't see the long
all right going for a run I found this
majestic trail Belfast you're beautiful
I got I've got problems I thought this
would be shorter so I went off the trail
a little bit can hear a dogs I know it's
where I'm supposed to go but it's all
like nettles those things that sting
when you solid run wish I'd had more
time but man was it pretty out there
let's go say hi to Ben I don't know if
you know Ben brown but you stood he's
one of my closest hey you know we're
across the hall from one another
yeah nice things about me no welcome
it's my spot
smells awful always you have a girl in
here oh man that's embarrassing let me
yeah all right it's got clothes on come
in welcome to Europe just on the run you
guys need to know about this these
trails out there dude I just take the
best mount ever I'm the happiest camper
in all of them fast so I don't know what
I've ever known you to not be the
happiest camper anywhere well I have two
hours ago dinnertime now I'm trying to
leave the hotel they're downstairs
waiting for me I can't get this camera
to work I've never had this many
problems with one camera see the cameras
on nothing no love from the screen I
don't know how to get another one in
Belfast where we going we're going to
the Langham Belfast
for that much on food pizza okay I know
betta pizza Shawn you do pizza it's real
okay
pizza's here this is gonna bait the bird
to come get the pizza
it's where'd he go but do it do it do it
do it
bye guys listen oh yeah sorry
see ya oh no way
