we only buy our products that have Elmo
on them who's that that's right Elmo
listen all you New Yorkers
later
it is crazy just how much happier I am
when it's warm outside I feel like a
different person
solid run this morning now I've got a
early breakfast meeting with one of my
favorite people Ricky how is breakfast
breakfast great the company is even
better
oh what a sweet guy I'm very you want to
ride on my boosted board sure take care
a key
I love that guy
see what this is a picture of right here
that is a picture of the back of the
air-conditioner see my camera
supposed to be connected like this I
don't know how something like this
happens but I got to fix it
you see glue glue is temperamental a
screw a screw is absolute under the air
conditioner works
that's cold and the pictures back the
next problem involves this panel light
right here
the lighting in the studio is super
uneven see it's like dark back here
right over here I use this panel light
to like fill in the gap with light panel
without light panel with light panel
without light panel it makes a real
difference
the trouble is as I've made this light
around
I always accidentally unplug it
yeah
I'm not making a big thing out of its
I'm terrible with things like this but
today is day three of no gloom and no
dairy those feel pretty good that's
pretty good
vegan kelp noodles
if ever you're in Nolita or like Little
Italy in New York City come to Elizabeth
Street check out this park it's a
private park but they're open they're
open like normal hours there's people
sleeping I don't really know exactly
what it is but it's kind of amazing it's
a lot like that level from Goldeneye and
in tendo 64
now I would like to introduce a new
segment to the show called Real Talk I'm
doing this for the fair that I know
around the globe they love real talk
me too our Kelly me too so in the last
week I really upset a lot of the viewers
of this show for two before I get into
that but I work super super hard to make
stuff that I hope you love but I've
upset you and I want to address it real
talk I've upset you for two reasons
the first was when I said the food here
at the lounge is pretty good it's
British which is disgusting but it's
pretty legit
I was tired I was frustrated I was stuck
in an airport all they had for breakfast
were mushy peas and beans I didn't mean
to say all British food is disgusting
I mean truthfully I don't like most
foods I don't like French food I don't
like escargot I really don't like
American food especially American food
that you get an airport that's
disgusting then any event people got
really upset about that please don't be
upset about that I really I only like
pizza and candy real talk number two was
when I what do you do how where's your
NYPD with the dignity mammoth the
worthiest car I've ever seen and look
after like ten thousand people freaked
out about that I went back and watched
it and I get I totally understand why
out of context that looks really bad
here in New York City most people are
afraid of the cops they're scared to
interact with them I think it's terrible
I think tops were like they're people
just like you or me and if you saw me
park that car in front of a fire hydrant
so I can go $8 pizza I would expect you
to give me a hard time about it too you
know I said the cause of what's it like
to drive thing is like it's like a
go-kart
I like his feelings weren't hurt he
wasn't upset we were teasing about a car
that wasn't his this wasn't a personal
attack so I get it I totally understand
why people got upset about that I should
have been more considerate in the way I
portrayed it I never want to upset
anyone see we all have our own moral
compass that guides us through life that
tells us what's right and what's wrong
and what some people think is right
people think is wrong what other people
think and sometimes those things are
misaligned in a million years I didn't
think people get upset about me saying I
don't like British food so I end this
first segment of Real Talk by saying I
work really hard to like both not upset
people and be true to like my own values
even if that means I don't like mushy
peas it's important for me to know that
you know that I encourage you to
continue to share your perspectives in
the comments below only thing I'm trying
to establish who choose not who's write
a whole poem but what's right and what's
wrong
feel tall this is rare but I just got a
call from Candace she said I left work
early I'm at the park with the baby so
it's 5 p.m. I'm going home to see my
girls
I've never been to a playground at this
hour before it's packed here
it's like playground rush hour
love you
how'd that is effective marketing who's
this
that's Elmo family trip to the grocery
store
we can't get married together Candace
I'm Mary guys maybe want to take a time
machine back three years ago Oh
realistic better and pick a different
outfit well you didn't like your wedding
dress another successful family trip to
the grocery store
I'm not really one to socialize but
tonight I was invited to this event that
Cadillacs putting on this is not branded
or anything like that they asked me
really nice to come so I'm going out
probably won't be there for long so I'll
be over like a Cadillac party right now
look at this red carpet if you see
Cadillac think I'm late hour and the
whole things over going on since father
pop I thought sort of sudden I like your
movies with I think what cell phone case
yeah
yeah man look at that thing
I don't know what this is really
it's really awesome in here
I don't think it's supposed to be this
slippery I was like a workout in there
this is
I ran into my friend Nick and that's it
for the Cadillac party he's not that
short I was on my skateboard the United
work are you ridden this thing hey you
got this Nick I believe in you can't
bring the everywhere today's
episode was filmed at 60 frames per
second that's why it's all smooth and
weird-looking it was an experiment I
love the look but it made everything had
a dark and noisy like unclear though I'm
gonna go back the way it was just let me
know like do you hate the way I look
today or do you like the way it look
today thank you
