wait
boat race boat race boat race boat race
look at those boats go MacKinnon just
fire now let's go to the boats
learn what's that
again this his parents are in town we're
going on a boat ride not in Munich off
just take it carry over think of that
when you come here and you say you don't
know where you want to go what I'm
supposed to say what I'm supposed to
know how are you gonna fight with
everybody kidding me did you see him
even you were defending me you don't
need to coming back yeah how many people
five five
I'm so bad
it's very fast got a little scared by
the waves
Oh
flea week is this week that's once a
year every year so I'm going with my
little brother to see the what the
aircraft carrier their aircraft carrier
little brother was an Air Force captain
so he's a good tour guide to have for
these kinds of things
Dean promised me that he could get me on
an aircraft carrier today I mean the
guys our captain in the US Air Force he
promised to give me an aircraft carrier
I did lock up my boosted board his bike
though check this out
you can definitely steal it but I hope
nobody right here throw it in the towel
90 95 percent of these episodes are shot
on my big fat SLR camera this thing but
I always always always have this little
terrible really embarrassing hip pouch
and I keep a point-and-shoot there and
the reason for that is like I don't know
sometimes I don't have that big thing
with me always good to have a backup
camera the camera have been using is
this a canon g7x it's pretty good camera
autofocus is terrible this is its Big
Brother the canon g7x mark - I've been
waiting for this thing to come out my
homies at k9 camera hooked it up
great guys thank you one for making that
happen I will test this thoroughly
expect a comprehensive review of the g7
X mark two
when the Setting Sun aligns precisely
with the Manhattan Street grid creating
a radiant glow of light across
Manhattan's brick and steel canyons I'm
quoting the great Neil deGrasse Tyson
here
simultaneously illuminating both the
north and south sides of every cross
street in the Burroughs grid a rare and
beautiful sight ok twice a year this
thing happens where the Setting Sun
aligns with the streets in New York City
so literally like you look down the
street and the Sun is set look this is
what it looks like incredible right and
today is the day so I have to remember
to go to one of the big wide streets
maybe 14th Street and watch the Sun set
in between the
Candace's mom's in town so we're having
a Sunday afternoon date data Sunday
designs you after Nate it's an after
night
get it but afternoon date yeah
I think we're going to do really no I
need to I need to spend some time with
my mom yeah I think we're gonna did you
know with Candace's parents I think I
don't know when we go on dates Candace
is in charge of organizing all the date
stuff
oh no this side of the street honey
Janice's parents are coming to meet us
what they're waiting for the babysitter
to come to watch Francine
now just do something interesting so I
can use this in the vlog talk about
something drama say something about
drama oh my god all right how can you
look at this upset
I'll see at home
Turkey
hating on this going straight up to the
street get dark out hope I make it
perfect thank you
look at all these people look it's too
cloudy I know what are we gonna do oh
haha I just be disappointed I guess
nothing this is like the most
disappointing thing to ever happen to me
in my entire life I'm on fourteenth care
like left my family dinner and raced up
here and I can see nothing
total failure clouds no sunset privacy
I don't remember that he sure his knee
we were having a fight oh I do remember
that okay we're really breaking up I'll
be like screaming at each other those
are the good old days this were the good
old days Game of Thrones starts in 21
minutes are you ready
what am I gonna watch my program on the
other TV on your phone maybe sleep it
don't say like that no it's just like I
get that feeling back in this
neighborhood of like walking around
meeting my friends going to eat doing
nothing was it really that good at the
time it was great I knew you then it
didn't seem that great no now I remember
that really great Oh at the time you
were that happy you're miserable this is
horrible I'm going home
good luck guys
