5:19 in the morning in Amsterdam
sweating for my ride here and then I
think we're gonna get things started
hello oh great I'll be right down
all right cars here
Hodor
every morning morning you work all night
sorry
did you work all night I mean I work
late you need a break oh wow it is cold
outside this is the water I'll be going
in morning morning
amen it is here let's go so there was
this idea being batted around of me
wakeboarding through the canals behind a
jet ski wearing a tuxedo okay but like I
didn't think it was going to happen yeah
I've never been on a wakeboard my life
yesterday picking up to the airport or
like we have to go practice like 8:00 at
night and then I'd be ready at 5:30 this
morning so Ryan that's what I that's
what I know
yeah thanks for the heads up I just
thought you coming from the states might
be awake at 5:00 a.m. wunderkind was
yeah witnessing this is that guy a
friend of yours buddy that's sensitive
morning you ready
born ready perfect so you said so maybe
let's try your outfit I don't know it's
kind of
final work it'll work costuming is key
and I wouldn't feel comfortable
wakeboarding through the canals of
Amsterdam wearing anything less than the
finest clothing you're gonna open up
it's a little big but I'll make it work
wow this is crazy
so this is going to be my uniform for
the wakeboarding I've got a life jacket
and a wetsuit under this okay round like
a bodybuilder what's happening we're
going to do a briefing the brief they
want me to do it in English okay see
he's our stunt guy and what we will do
we will start with putting everything
everybody in position all right Ryan I'm
giving you the camera I gotta get I
gotta go do my thing
you're in charge feel free to uh good
luck buddy all right all right this
water looks like a chocolate milkshake
yeah look there's a what's that thing
floating there the body I'm so tired I
don't know how it was a week
or your fam I'm a big fan yeah I are in
the blood
yeah I'm just working it's conference so
you
so that's a wrap on this location I'm
pretty beat-up
that's an hour and 20 minutes in this
filthy Dutch sewer water but I fell off
the wakeboard under the bridge terrible
place to fall
this is not a Red Bull commercial it's
just always great but if this were Red
Bull commercial you ride forever yeah
yeah never mind this is a Red Bull
commercial hi guys
just let me know if you're going to hit
the gas I'm precariously perched back
here yeah yeah hold it yeah good
what do you do it
yeah I know but you don't think will fit
onto that now try that is a low bridge
we could definitely fit under that half
sure
we just need speed oh wait wait
all we need is speed and we'll make it
no problem
oh my gosh I'm kidding you didn't
actually mean it
good job we got it guys thanks for the
tow let me let me give you your tuxedo
back it might want it maybe just hit it
with an iron before you wear it again
okay I think that concludes the entire
wakeboarding everything right how do you
think that went
I couldn't have gone any better that was
amazing it's 1:45 in the afternoon I've
been asleep for like three hours she had
to wake up at 4:00 a.m. I went to bed
last night at 1:00 and in whatever it
takes to make that jetski thing happen
but now I'm ready to start my day
free later No
sneaker shopping I didn't come here on
purpose I just accidentally found it but
this bridge right here
the one covered in Japanese tourists
that's where I proposed to Candace
not 100% sure what happened with the
audio here but I have none of it let me
try to explain what's going on I was in
this boat with this total stranger that
invited me on his boat and these
official looking guys they pulled this
over because they'd seen my Instagram
picture of me wakeboarding and then
we're trying to say we didn't have the
right permits to be wakeboarding in the
canals which we did in the end
everything was cool and they let us go
how do you have a battery on boys God
you are prepared this yeah this is
exactly what I need my microphone just
died and crisp this is what it sounds
like with the onboard microphone and and
this is what it sounds like with the
external microphone much cleaner no I'll
just jump out here I think this
concludes the boat ride cuz good to meet
you nice meeting you man thanks for the
boat ride
take care cuz y'all later what a great
day I love this city
there were like 20 kids outside the
hotel room earlier you know I gotta say
I'm really feeling the love here
Amsterdam just three dudes sitting on
the back of the jet ski
