this is sad a little over a year ago
over a year ago I had Marlin Marlins my
UPS guy is my friend he's awesome he's
always in the vlog a little over a year
ago I had him on the vlog and he told us
about a struggle that he was dealing
with
what's up Marlon nothing much Casey yeah
I mean the reason I'm here my sister in
st. Vincent is not well in she need
dialysis and that's expensive he had
been paying for it he was going broke
because of it we started a GoFundMe and
holy SH did you guys come to the rescue
we raised like a couple hundred thousand
dollars which helped his sister and we
the the Saturday after you that your
blog man I I couldn't do anything that
all all that weekend words cannot
explain my thanks
Marlon told me so last week Marlon
sister passed away I debated whether or
not to put this in the vlog but I think
that because I came to you in his time
of need in this whole community stepped
up to help him I kind of felt this
obligation to share with you what
happened I hope that makes sense but uh
yeah it's tough my sister was always
tall the tallest basically and I would
never forget this I was in primary
school and one day in the village
pitching marbles and things like that I
was always a small kid never this big
guy I was a small kid and I remember
this guy Roy can I
now he's stuck again he's not tall but
Stucky okay I remember him approaching
me everything like that and he roughed
me up a little you know yeah he's a
bully right and my sister was a my
sister was a wrong and I can't think I
remembered my sister grabbed him I would
never forget this grabbed him and shook
him for a little bit you know I am and
so he came to his senses of it I would
never forget never forget that okay I
hope one can see this yes so when you
were a kid your sister with your body
yeah my bodyguard
my bodyguard for time and and she grew
up to be she very quiet personality
see only time I really had to sit down
and to think about it I really think
about it
you've been good man it is you guys been
good yes yes really really I I just
wanted to thanks I really don't know how
to to express my gratitude towards you
guys really I don't have enough words to
really express I don't have anything to
really that is tangible enough to really
express my gratitude but from my my
family I want to really thank you guys
for your prayers and for your financial
support and for your encouraging words
it's this community you know the people
on YouTube everything it accused me
optimistic about where this world's
headed I would never forget this man I
haven't seen I've never seen anything
like this nothing like this has ever
happened to me and my family really and
it's really I never spoke about how
difficult it was for really for me to
really come forward with this and what I
really
I'm really happy that I did at least my
sister was able to live a comfortable
life even though she was struggling able
to get her medication able to get her
treatments and things like that and my
sister died with a dignity really
because of you guys and I really
appreciate I really appreciate
I love this is seriously one of these
days yeah you know you know what I have
a blog blog you know you want to plug
your wok
