franciene had six pieces of cake to cool
off Cup right now
Francine you ready go baby's asleep
I don't I don't know what was going on
with the audio there but but I've been
having audio issues for two days now
so I've replaced our place the camera
and the microphone this is a brand new
rig see I hope it sounds better I
couldn't figure out what the problem was
anyway I was explaining we're on our way
to Candace's friend's house for her
daughter's first birthday Fenton you
ready to party
Candice look she's wearing the hat she's
out then let me uh let me see how it's
healing this is Dan from the drone
incident Mexica
let's see let's see better yeah it's
like it never happened
the healing powers of Francine are you
ready yeah wait so what so what
what are people say okay just a quick
correction I'm not from Argentina all
right in yesterday's video worth me
fighting that's Oscar to become a
youtuber I said Oscar had just moved to
New York from Argentina Oscar moved here
from Argentina it's not true I just
moved from Bolivia rear form did you not
live in Argentina I did live in
Argentina I studied at loba philosophiae
that dress all right long story long
Oscars from Maine he's not Argentine is
it Argentine Argentinian he's not from
Argentina no soy poor Tanya I'm sorry
I'll scare and throw my poor seniors out
there it's la verdad de la miel Anissa I
have what does that mean it's like
that's the truth okay my people been
emailing you or texting or tweeting so
on the Instagram is shit I'm so proud
from Argentina - sorry about that
Austria I'll try - I'll try to be more
explicit in the future all right
haven't done a really good update on my
studio renovations in a long time and
the reason why I haven't is well to be
totally honest I'm just embarrassed at
how slow the progress has been going but
progress is being made there are a few
things in this world I find is
therapeutic as building things so on a
Sunday afternoon like this baby's down
for her nap I sneak away come in here no
phone calls no emails on a Sunday I can
just get work done there are a few
things with satisfies actually making
something you start with nothing and
when you're done you have something to
show for it this shelf here the Shelf is
called the store and what the store is
is all unopened unused brand-new
equipment that I've either bought or
people have sent me so I need something
new I can come and grab it feel proud
would didn't it that they named this
after me but who else could they be
naming it after I realize this is a very
small bit of progress to highlight but
this area here is you need the dedicated
drone station those are my little toy
drones there these are my retired
phantoms some of them still sort of work
but this is expandable this area is like
the drone setup this wall here is gonna
be like GoPro and pointing cute cameras
like smaller cameras all here this is
the store that is unopened equipment
this is retired computers those are
boxes that I'm saving and then over here
the reason why this still needs the most
work is that see this amazingness that
is what it's going to be but over this
entire wall so everything to be spread
out everything's going to have a place
which means open and easy to
somebody made fun of me in the comment
section about a mailtime they said it
was boring or stupid or something like
that made me really insecure so I
haven't done it in a while
Addison quietly privately opening the
mail time without filming it but I found
something today this might be like so
this is the box this is open here are
you ready for this okay you're not gonna
believe this but this might be the most
amazing thing anyone's ever sent to me
this is the Casey Neistat
action figure look it it's like it's
perfectly detailed look at this guy
he looks just like me he's got my
glasses on
he's got my boosted board he's got my
camera in my pants my shoes I'm leaving
right now I just had to show you this
before I left oh my god look at the
detail it's incredible
give Casey we hope you enjoyed this
one-of-a-kind handcrafted action figure
kind of hoping it was like a mass
production thing these people deserve a
little attention
thank you toy then the other thing that
showed up in the mail is this now I'm
not a hundred percent sure I know what
this is but judging by this picture I
think I saw this in a viral video on
Facebook where as one of those things
where it's like you won't believe this
is real and it's like a gigantic balloon
that you fill up and then you can jump
on trying to see if Candace wants to
take the baby we'll play with it in the
park it's like a gigantic balloon
you're excited about this from food how
to use it but
scoot grab the end of your wind pouch
and fill the sleeve with air
with that pasta to pay for them I don't
smell it to me my friend just got one of
these so it's forbidden for the beach
for the wholeness
this is the greatest thing ever I'm not
being paid to say if they just sent me
this but it really is amazing what do
you think it's awesome right okay I
think this thing's amazing Francine
still prefers her car
I know it's awesome initial review for
this product perfect ten
the inflatable balloon has been taken
over by these kids Francine took off
with my glasses look for them everywhere
literally spent 25 minutes looking for
them this is where if you put them here
a good girl
all right friends he knows you had a
nice night time to go home go
