huh it's like a segue there's no handle
you
morning I'm gonna see you sir good to
see you
not a great day yeah sure bye now bye
bye 6:41 in the morning in San Francisco
right now I'm in town for a work thing
this afternoon but completely free this
morning I want to do something awesome
so I emailed someone I know go from that
meeting a bunch of GoPro dudes somewhere
to do something fun I think this is
where I'm going
something tells me that's my crew
warning guys what do you think good to
see you again big dope spot out here
also hey I'm Casey Steve Nunn John good
to see you morning table good to see you
Bob love easy man
how'd you crash it I lost signal over
there from doing nice little easy
running is that you land those things so
these guys are just drone enthusiasts
and they built these things and these
are unlike any drones that I buy these
were just made for racing but they strap
GoPros to them so they get the footage
these go like 75 80 miles an hour
my Phantom for example does like 20
how close is that I was about eight
inches away what happened that's
exciting
where's it okay I see it oh hey Garo
burnt cheese go down right here well I
heard you rock-climb quite a bit and you
run a lot
so y'all me to go down there and get it
yeah if you want to come down this way
y'all get it yeah no way there's no way
you're going down there dude well yield
it's nothing no I think it's possible
it's just whether you want to do it
that's a ground nice that's awesome
so you're not gonna have any I just want
to say right now this is a terrible idea
there's no way I'm not going to crash
this alright
my pretty bumpy does it's fun yeah I
just want to reiterate that like
terribly forward on the right stick and
up a little bit on their left stick how
do you got this down man okay would that
you guys know thank you very often you
guys I shouldn't see you gang now yeah
alright everyone talk about drone abuse
and hit me up alright man thanks for the
tutorial that was so much fun
I brought my running shorts gonna go for
a quick run
I've had a very full day so far it is
10:07 a.m. there it is there's my home
I've got some bad news maybe it's good
news maybe it's bad news I'm not really
sure but Melissa the girl gave me that
awesome hotel room last night
just emailed me and she said they got a
different room for me and I can't
complain I just say okay I just don't
know that there exists in the world a
better room than what I had and I'm not
sure why she's switching me but again
I'm just like sounds great because the
hook-up was so good yesterday
did you do that thank you for the best
weather in your question I can't imagine
a room that's better than the room that
I was in well you're about to find out
okay I'm very excited okay yeah I'm
there now I had some reservations about
them switching hotel rooms on me the
room I was in yesterday was the nicest
room I've ever stayed in but this room
the room I'm in right now is without
exaggeration one of the nicest hotel
rooms in the world this hotel room has
hosted Alfred Hitchcock heads of states
diplomats presidents John F Kennedy has
stayed in this hotel room and now for
the first time ever a youtuber is
staying in this hotel room ladies and
gentlemen please join me on a tour of
the greatest hotel room in the world
Chadron fucking phone this is the living
room the living room is bigger than my
entire apartment 50 people could live in
this living room complete with baby
grand piano and fireplace this is the
billiard room and I really lacks the
vocabulary and understanding to describe
what this room looks like this is guest
room number one complete with an
adequate closet space and private
bathroom this is the library you're
going to want to see this
what this is the master bedroom it's
gigantic this is the master bathroom in
that shower is as big as my first New
York City apartment this is guest this
is guest room 3 there's only one there's
only one of me here I'm not sure to
Ali's room this is the kitchen and this
this is the dining room if I had any
food right now I would be I know
about my tour of this place it doesn't
know justice for starters it's hard to
get a feel for scale the true magnitude
of this space on camera secondly I'm a
bit of a Philistine I don't know much
about this place I can't share that
third I skipped all the details like the
fine wood carving on the walls of the
billiards room but I can tell you this
to rent this room for one night cost the
same amount is a brand new Toyota I
didn't I didn't spend 18 grand to stay
here alright it is one o'clock the event
that I'm here for starts at 1:30 I
really slept I've been up since 4:00 in
the morning I also haven't eaten where's
my bedroom I also haven't eaten yet
today so I'm a little bit like I'm a
little groggy but I've got a perk this
is not my bedroom but I've got a perk up
before and I've got a perk up before
this event this is an important event
this is the very businesslike thing
there's give me a lot of important
people it's not my bedroom it's going to
be a lot of important people there so I
am excited about it I'm going to need to
pound like this memory I'm going to
pound like 10 copies before this event
but I'm psyched all right guys okay
all right this is my destination this
wouldn't make very interesting content
anyways but I'm not gonna be recording
in here it's like six hours later the
day is almost over I just finished this
business√≠ thing that was out there I
think we're having dinner now I'm pretty
sure the rest of this episode's gonna
suck because all the fun stuff was at
the beginning
all right and that's my night in this
crazy hotel room in San Francisco da da
danke Schoen thank you for all the joy
and pain
