action
right now I am wearing a backpack
wearing another bag while pulling a
rolling suitcase while riding a
skateboard
I remember why I had to get rid of this
old iPhone the battery in this thing
dies in like two seconds it just you
fully charged and then
nice car
I am 100% not buy another iPhone
I'll say thank you very much I
appreciate it in the UH in the episode
where I drop my phone into the river a
lot of people asked in the comments
about phone I use whether it's like an
iPhone or an Android phone and the truth
is I always use both I believe in
redundant systems so I have Android
I have iOS and then they're on different
networks so if like I don't get service
from one over here I might get service
from the other over there usually it
works I am pretty big cell phone nerd
I've hung on to most of the cell phones
I didn't lose or drop into rivers or
whatever some of my old phones that's my
first iPhone this thing was awesome the
Galaxy s3 was the first Android phone
that I really liked because this big
screen this was like so revolutionary
back in the day then I got this Sony
phone which I like because it was purple
and waterproof but I cracked it and
water got in it and the thing was
totally and then I got the HTC which I
like because of the speakers but I
literally dropped this into a toilet and
that stopped working I went in a portal
into the toilet this blackberry was sent
to me by blackberry because they wanted
me to do like a video for it it sucked
so bad I tried to sell it and I couldn't
find anybody to buy it this is my note 3
I really like this one because it had
the pen then I got an iPhone 6 which
these things break really easily and
this one's pretty then when I did the
ostrich thing I got this Galaxy s7 edge
this is my favorite phone I liked it so
much that I asked them to send me big
old one and they sent me the gold one
but then I decided I liked the silver
one better so I never actually activated
this gold one and then there's also the
iPhone now so this is the current this
is the current lineup yeah and that's
kind of my current cell phone situation
back at the airport this mess of a line
right here that's for my flight so the
next 91 seconds of this episode are
going to be QA ready what's your least
favorite part about airports the
security nonsense which is the best
court in America NFL NBA MLS MLB best
sport in America
skateboarding ever wanted a
storm-chasing film a tornado No
do you like magic tricks mm-hmm when are
you coming to Amsterdam I think next
week um I think next week are you going
to visit the Philippines someday I've
been to the Philippines of work great
country I hope to be back soon
are you coming in Norway soon no when
did you start wearing sunglasses every
day when I started doing this vlog what
are you most grateful for in life my
help are you more in love with the
process or the result of creating things
the process I love the making part I am
wonderful I am 100% going to VidCon I
will be there I will be as loud as
possible I want it I love VidCon do you
plan to start another company yeah
probably I don't know that all oh hi
honey
yeah the planes like loading behind me
all right I'll talk to you soon I will
honey bye bye will you ever come to
Ireland I'll be in Belfast soon ish like
a couple weeks or something like that
do you know Krav Maga yes I do no
problem a guy I did Krav Maga for five
or six years all right I gotta go that's
it I'm not the first I'm not the last
I'm like the Middle East person to get
on this flight
never been on this configuration before
immunizing sitting backward that's the
front of the plane that back
that's anything to complain about I got
an entire bag I got my airplane
every star in the night sky
the suit at the parental place is a
subscriber total sweetheart completely
hooked up the car-rental thank you dude
at the car rental place this car is
great every time I get here I get I land
at night and I can't see what I'm get
out every time I land here for whatever
reason it's pitch black out and today
I'll and just as the Sun setting it's
such a nice way to arrive in the city
and then that sky but every star in the
night sky you know
remember remember remember when I was in
San Francisco like three days ago stayed
back great hotel climbed out of the
window went on the roof
well they got in touch with me and they
invited me back thank you
I won't climb on the roof this time and
I'm staying there tonight but but they
did tell me that I would have a better
room than last time which I was like for
all the last time the room was great
it's in Nazca you know boosted boards
allowed in here man
this is Sanjay he is the founder and CEO
of boosted board I forgot my boosted
board controller red brought this damn
thing from New York at I texted him and
he's here you are a lifesaver sir
look at this sky Wow
alright so they're super nice to me this
time their eyes new awesome idea super
nice though and I think they gave me a
really good room
hope they did Sanjay is coming to check
out the view just because I feel bad for
making from all the way to Mountain pal
Jake you think about mr. Burton filter
that I've heard up oh good god
look at this room look at his place
did you should move in here this is
nothing it's insane there's a telescope
oh my god Wow Melissa at the Fairmont I
love you viewers of this vlog get
prepared for some of the most amazing
time lapses you've ever seen look as you
thank you sir for bringing this by
you're a good man all wrong enjoy it
good to see dude yeah this is the nicest
most opulent most ridiculous less
ridiculous hotel room I've ever stayed
in welcome back to the Fairmont San
Francisco enjoy your stay and please let
us know if we can be of assistance
Melissa thanks to the room I'm totally
psyched thank you very much take care
