this afternoon I'll be flying from San
Francisco to New York City in jetblue's
mint first class suite this will be a
comprehensive review of that experience
now I've always been a very big fan of
the Jet Blue like regular economy class
is my favorite economy class this new
first class experience it feels a little
different from other airlines
and now a brief tour of my suite over
here on the window side of this big open
kind of shelf like space it's honestly a
lot of space I don't know what it's
meant to be used for like a second
person a small person could sleep up
there I have a little door on my suite
here ready
now there's no shower on this plane
obviously if not an Emirates plane
dreams do come true I am showering on
their friends but they do give you nice
moist clean smelling towels to sort of
clean yourself up with I mean you've got
two power outlets they got one pen and
USB great way to charge your camera
batteries when you're making airplane to
review videos mid-flight
additionally there's a third power
outlet on the right side I don't know I
mean that's a lot of power out I
appreciate it that's a lot of power
outlets now just the right ear seat here
is a cell phone holder water bottle
holder
TV here probably like 15 inches your TV
remote is located right here
now over here is like that maybe another
cell phone holder I got my toothbrush in
there then there's this gigantic cubby
right here I don't know what this
cubbies made for its huge they turned
the lights on
your city over here
our proceed
legroom is pretty ridiculous
the massage is not like those massage
chairs at the mall
I'm eternal
compared to my bed at home it's lumpy
and compared to an airplane seat it's an
absolute dream
foods here now one of my favorite parts
a JetBlue or all the free snacks you get
in the back but in the mint here you get
actual dinner but the menu is a little
different from other planes they give
you all these choices of what you can
get and you get to pick three from all
the choice I'm gonna go with the ricotta
gnudi the gross grilled salmon and the
beef stew
nope that's good
so here we got my three dishes
overall it's a pretty fantastic seat the
amount of space
but that's also my main criticism
first class situation on
see all the seats in mint cost the same
you pay the same price whether you're in
these big seats or in one of the
two-seater see
first class has a one-two-one
one-two-one configuration meaning the
people sitting in front of me and the
people sitting behind me also in first
class have a half the amount of space
that I have but he's cost the same price
p1
I know this is on my flight out here I
was in one of these seats it was great
don't get me wrong but it was also
exactly half as good as the seat I'm in
right now
and that's why it's my main criticism
these seats they should cost more money
or something because they are way better
than the others teat and every time I've
flown in I'm always jealous of people
that get these seats versus me in those
other seats
I know it's like that's not a big thing
to complain about but it is like this is
way better than what those people
Weaver
it's like 1:00 in the morning we're
about 25 minutes from New York City the
nice gentleman just gave me this a
confetti cookie
delicious thanks doubt me it's go right
right
please the German Shepherd aerosol
