do you run
we need Electric skateboards
I woke up feeling unbelievable today
like my house on drugs I think it's
because last night I like passed out
solid seven seven F hours of sleep which
I haven't done in probably a week
today's going to be a great day
thank you
remember a couple weeks ago when I was
hanging out with the CEO of juice press
the place where getting all my fancy
juice he was a cool guy this is a gift
card to juice press 500 smackers how
much juice that is it's kind of
embarrassing since I fell off my
skateboard and hurt my back I haven't
really been able to run and maybe it's
just me but when I don't exercise I also
struggle to eat healthy I went for a run
this morning it was good like six miles
nice and easy and then I get this juice
card I think this is the universe
telling me it's time to get my together
and get back to being healthy Casey I
will give you one guess where I've had
it
juice I'm going to get you some block
let's look baby love you
I think the last time we met exact same
out I try to wear the same outfit every
day once I definitely had on the same
outfit because I'm positively what they
look like you're more limber I'm gonna
go with oMG how's your juice so good I'm
still slow for my injury and I want to
run tomorrow tomorrow as long as you
tolerate my slow makes seven
then is a champion runner then who holds
the record for the Brooklyn duh yeah
this guy it's that that's that I gotta
go now though I did see you tomorrow
I'll text you later you been
fuck a cow hey hey what's up guys
AC Carlene welcome come in Azusa Oscar
there is a story that I wanted to share
we were like in our early 20s we're in
Paris for some one godly reason and
we're like walking down the street with
nothing to do in the middle of the night
we saw a party on like the fifth floor
of some building no we were like
lingering in the stairwell for three or
four minutes and we were just waiting
and waiting but we knew no one not one
person there but somebody thought we
knew somebody else they just let us hang
out and we ended up sleeping in the
apartment but come look at this okay
this is how the night started that's
Oscar picking up a dead pigeon
that seems like the right thing to do
that's Oscar befriending the dead pigeon
who are you thinking it just seemed like
a good photo I don't know that's Oscar
bro and Wow that is just sad okay
these are people I shouldn't blow out
these faces because I don't know these
people are this is at the party that
Oscar I completely crashed look at this
guy Savage nobody spoke English we don't
speak a lick of French this nail polish
that young Casey has on his fingernails
this is job this is Oscar it sounded
sleep on top of a strange man on a futon
at the strangest I actually still stay
in touch with that bull don't include
that that's not a good
man I think I have this picture of you
leading this is like 6:00 in the morning
when we left that place party crashers
Oscar good to see you fairly nice to
meet you bye guys pour voir Oscar
I love that guy Oscar is one of my
closest friends check out his youtube
channel he's got some weird fun stuff up
there but definitely subscribe to
Oscar's channel one thing I've been
trying to do Maura something I've been
really putting effort into working
harder at is leaving the office earlier
that little baby is so cute and she's so
little and she's not gonna be little for
much longer and I feel like that has to
be number one always and then work is
work love my work I love it and I can
get caught up in it and I can forget
this is the part where the young Don
Vito kills the old mob boss and the name
of his mother and then he takes out a
knife touch him open oh and then it's
over somebody asked me why I have the
Godfather one in The Godfather two on a
permanent loop in here and the reason
why is because it's the greatest movie
ever made and looking over and seeing it
is a constant source of inspiration
you see the fuck when I go to the fire
fancy cake crew is doing some sort of
fashion show on this pier we're taking
the family by family I mean baby to go
have a look did you say Dada Dada he
shirts on this boat that's at the invite
said yes
today's Tuesday 11:00 Tuesday May 10
worth today
River Parks pier 25 grand Bank 6:30 to 9
three monogrammed swimsuit
1:10
so that's wrong we're on well we have
the day wrong yeah it was yesterday
doesn't it look fun down there wait
today's Wednesday yeah we missed it huh
that is what you call a total and
absolute failure yeah missed a major
turn the event that we were going to go
stop it
yeah he's like jumping over his own way
then we were trying to go to was
yesterday not today it's not completely
canvasses fault birds mostly
I'm going to go home hi we're going home
guys this we've got a crisis the baby
dropped her doll she dropped you to
dolly
dad going back gotta find her got never
mind
crisis averted I got it whoo you have no
idea what did is dolly means the
Francine fencing if you love her so much
stop lawyer on the ground it's just like
my boosted boards
