good
take care
I don't want you to think I'm being
insensitive by filming this I have her
permission
but it's 7:00 a.m. and Candice nayana
with the hospital because Candice is
just look
it works down there she hurt her finger
two days ago but the finger just kept
getting bigger and bigger and bigger so
we called her dad he's a doctor and he
said after you of the hospital so they
can cut it open the morn I was in the
hospital you took care of me yeah you
were so good
are you nervous yeah if they say you're
not right I know so nice not to cry it's
so nice for everybody
do you feel it they write the second
mm-hmm
I can find it relax
are you're excited about Stan spending
the night in the hospital well that's
horrible watch TV or something Bertram
it's freezing in here so they gave us
blankets we have now been here for four
hours and this brought snacks
it's good right food we've been here for
six hours now they moved us out of our
room
she's asleep otherwise I wouldn't be
complaining if I were to feel bad is he
doing it yeah he's not even in the room
honey
don't move your hand yeah oh that's just
my finger yeah I know I know was he in
my bone he was being so careful and so
gentle
that's a hospital Adventures over it's
2:45 so that was a seven and a half hour
adventure how's your thumb severe pain
oh man was that a stressful morning
you know when it's situations like that
somebody needs you
number-one priority
she woulda done it for me so he'll
complain that's like
that's really so nice thank you
see when I broke my leg is being rebuilt
out of metal I was in the hospital for
like I don't know what had to have been
eight days maybe throughout that entire
time day and night Candace was there and
we were broken up at the time I called
her from the hospital she was like I'll
come right there and she was there she
like stuck by me day in and day out when
she would leave to like go home and take
a nap or go to work for a minute I would
like call her in a total state of panic
you'd be like I mean there were a couple
times when I called her crying literally
like cry like a baby give back here
she'd come back to the hospital I was at
a place called st. Vincent's which they
shut down like I froze there they shut
it down and on top of that I was sharing
a hospital room with a guy who tried to
commit suicide I really tried to kill
himself was handcuffed to the bed like
this he had tried to kill himself by
jumping off a building so if both of his
legs broke him he had his arms broken
he's sitting there in the bed next to me
just screaming his head off and this was
my bunkmate sort of like police officers
in there it was horrible and when they
finally let me go it was Candice that
like came and got me
drove me to my house in Connecticut and
then looked after me there for weeks
until I was like able to move again in a
wheelchair
thanks for the stuff GoPro you run low
on GoPro supplies
let's talk about drums for a second I
haven't entirely figured out drums yet
I love aerial cinematography and they're
really super fun to fly sometimes I use
them in my videos it feels really good
organic natural and other times it just
sort of feels like gratuitous beautiful
cinematography and the truth is figuring
these things out I think it's just gonna
take time they do present amazing
opportunities to diversify the kind of
imagery give amazing context to a scene
but these things are just so damn fun to
fly you end up shooting all this footage
then you feel like you have to use it
and then they can get boring fast I'm
working on it I'm updating the firmware
in this thing so I can actually fly it
you know one thing I did want to bring
up is people love giving me a hard time
for how I treat my equipment namely my
drone hence having crashed six drones
and having to buy a seven today there
was a time in my life when I was a
struggling dirt poor filmmaker
and when that was the case I had one
camera and I kept it in this enormous
padded case on my back all the time and
because it was in a case on my back it
meant I missed a lot of stuff the minute
I treat them as something precious I'm
afraid to use them I'm afraid to like
strap it to my backpack and just grab
and go that's what I stopped being able
the most effective way possible I feel
like I'm trying to do something with
these things and sometimes I just up and
break them
I do love drones though until you've
flown one there's no way to really
understand just how fun they are
plus there really isn't a better way to
end an episode then with the drone
flying off into the sunset also just
wanted to mention boosted too and
boosted for our back in San Francisco
there fixed all four boards right where
they belong
