I don't think police officers should
ride on segways there's just there's no
way to ride a Segway with dignity I'm in
San Francisco I'm here for work whatever
last night I was looking for a hotel
room online and like this fancy hotel
had rooms for super crazy cheap like 50%
off so this is the room it's not so bad
it's very small it's not so bad look at
the view hahaha look at the views of
like a pit of concrete
so this is what my viewers of
in your fridge
whoa
hit it with my head with my luggage
interesting sidenote a couple years ago
I made a video player commercial for
j.crew suits
punished
and we shot part of it in this Lobby no
permission no permits nothing we just
shot it
just as I was leaving that hotel a
lovely young lady I think her name was
Melissa came up to me introduced herself
as the head of public relations or
something for the hotel I just want to
clear I wasn't complaining about my view
the room was like a super great price
great deal I had a wonderful stay ah did
I did I hope I didn't get you in trouble
for climbing on the roof and here in San
Francisco for the day for a bunch of
business meetings the beam wants last
week was insane hundreds of thousands of
new users more people are downloading it
every single day so I'm out here meeting
with my investors and advisors just to
discuss what the future of the company
looks like honestly it's not
particularly interesting blog material
so if you want to stop watching right
now I totally understand
Candace just left me a message she said
she ate a cheeseburger at the airport in
Mexico before she left and now she's
she's sick a poor girl
boosted looking after useful I'm a
boosted board expert if you have any
questions yeah it's pretty much body
like I got like four or five days woody
are you good at it
not really how do you falling off of it
yet yeah
you have half you didn't get hurt I
really good luck with it yeah thank you
look at that that's it I finished my
meetings here in San Francisco I'm now
getting the car driving out to two more
meetings out there getting my car drive
to the airport get on a plane fly back
to New York that's what my day looks
like is it to get in the car right there
lift on the lower left here free yeah I
don't see it don't see you right now
here you go thank you very much thank
you very much
in a part of the world called Menlo Park
California I got 18 minutes before my
next meeting it's ten minutes away which
means I've got eight minutes to spare
two things that I'm catching helpful in
the comments section right now one that
I missed an upload I didn't miss an
upload I just didn't upload one day I
still made the video my deal was that
make a video every day just another
connection was in Mexico everybody just
take it easy the videos there I would
have uploaded it had I had a connection
oh my god just trying to do my vlog
thing here you know Silicon Valley is a
valley and I'm on the way out of here
I'm on my way to the airport done with
my meetings and the clouds are coming
over the mat it's the most beautiful
thing I just have to share this with you
and I got a really take it in because
tomorrow it's back to the city for me
welcome back little guy
at this moment you're probably asking
yourself you can see we're supported
from that drone that just landed behind
you
well it's 10:15 in the p.m. I'm waiting
for my flight in the airport and I'm
here to tell you I lost the memory card
that had all the footage on it from that
amazing drone flight that I spent 40
minutes doing it screw up these episodes
all the time sorry now back to our
regularly scheduled program
I'm on my way to the airport but my
flight tonight is a red-eye I don't have
to sleep in my jean so I'm just buying a
pair of pair of sweatpants
you
you
not my stop pull them down this line
pretty strong a lot of people behind me
this is me
Thank You number one definitely number
one definitely number one that is an
empty hollow empty behind me - number
one I don't know why this gives me so
excited
all right San Francisco thanks for a
great day it's 11:30 now going back to
New York
hope you had a nice flight yeah
