are you guys just here to protect the
Tesla no I wish
don't let me touch it
thirty minutes
boys and Java Jeff my device would like
to welcome to New York previously
and back in New York City
by Ashley here
tired I love play good to be back in
this city
take care
good to be back in the city is sick 7:26
am I'm speaking to it this tech
conference something I've really been
looking forward to but I slept maybe two
and a half hours in that flight last
night so I'm worried I'm not gonna be my
best form yeah hi where are you I'm at
pickup - okay thank you I was hoping to
get a nap in but I don't think that's
gonna happen
hey doing yes right Casey that's me
I love this city like most people love a
family member so good to be back
did you miss me honey all right gotta go
to work
yeah that's your baby bye-bye
nothing says welcome back to New York
City like the smell of a garbage truck
I'm back in the office I have a very
important speaking engagement this
morning in Brooklyn I'm already late I
have no idea how to get there though and
trying to figure it out this is the
nearest boat it goes to the IKEA which
is close to where I'm going it's 10:00
in the morning and the next boat is
until 2:00 p.m. and there are no subways
or helicopters that go there so I hate
taking cars in the city
all right have a good day here I think
my talk is supposed to start in about 60
seconds yes I really know our and it's
got here we'll take you back thank you
very much don't worry down this way
this is Fitz he's gonna be interviewing
me all right backstage now are we going
on right now yes okay we're going on
right now please welcome to the stage
Casey nice set of beam and our moderator
Fitz tempered PC you know he's on all
these platforms YouTube snapchat
filmmaking in the mainstream sense and
Andrew I don't have any footage from the
actual event so I was just filming off
the if you want to see your their
website I think it went well I think I
probably used too many swear words but
overall the talk went really well okay
Oh
hey doing you know I love this view
Oh
I think well thank you TechCrunch for
having me I really appreciate it now I'm
going to go back to the city
what's up good
you
Oh
you too sir so long I want to get back
during Q&A is every week I think the way
to keep them interesting is to keep them
short not by not doing them today's Q&A
you know Candace and I are on like an
absolute streak of not getting into any
huge marital fights so I thought a good
subject for today's Q&A would be for us
for us to talk about love and romance
how do you love me I don't think you
guys understand what I'm a is like let's
talk about relationships and stuff when
did you know you fell in love with
Candace the first time I saw her in a
bikini not totally true but not that
quickly
I like Candace from the moment I met her
oh yo how do you pay attention to your
family it's true so much video all the
time I don't understand like this
Candace never feel like
you're not being any attention totally
valid question I don't shoot 24 hours a
day I don't have the camera with me
always so in the moments that you see
from like Mexico you know like I pick
times and it feels appropriate to have
the camera with Candace she's hip to it
if it's an inappropriate time or she's
not up for I just put the camera away
these videos are ten minutes long my day
is 24 hours long and it's about being
responsible otherwise yeah I imagine
it'd be pretty destructive hey Shannon
Shannon asks how do you define love I
don't know but I know why I really love
Candace is because I just always want to
hang out with her she's like my favorite
person okay here's a really sad question
but I will answer it and this will be
the final question that I will answer in
this week's romantic Q&A I can't tell if
this person's being serious or not being
serious but I'm going to answer this
question seriously okay how did this is
literally the question it's not funny
it's kind of funny it's not funny the
question is the question is how does one
find love when they're ugly
my mother-in-law Candace's mom says
there's a lid for every pot and what
that means is like it's just about
finding your match and like if a girl
doesn't want to date if she thinks
you're ugly she's definitely the wrong
person for you to be pursuing there is
no science and romance and love it's
really like you just got to put yourself
out there you know I am so unqualified
to be even talking about this I don't
know why I picked this as a subject for
this week the Q&A this week is about
love and relationships I feel like it's
always about that well that's my
favorite thing to talk about okay so why
do you love me don't ask me that
that's not something I can just answer
and especially not on a camera okay then
why when did you know that you liked me
the minute you left Houston to go to
Paris
right after we met yeah that lover is
that infatuation I don't know I'll take
either one yeah yeah that's fine and I
was like I was just like a poor dopey
nobody then - yeah but you have to agree
with that that's so nice that you liked
you then
No
make me up make me sound beautiful
