I've been getting a ton of requests to
talk about the new iPhone 10 the iPhone
X so I thought I'd make a quick video
sharing with you some of what I like and
some of what I don't like about this
phone if you don't feel like watching
the whole video long story short I
really like this thing I I'm more of an
Android guy than I am an iPhone guy but
I've always carried an iPhone and an
Android phone
ten years ago I slept on the street to
be the first person to get the iPhone
one when it came out but then a few
months later I was also the first person
to get the HTC g1 which was the first
ever Android phone to come out so I'm
just kind of a phone nerd my main phone
is a Samsung Note 8 I also work for
Samsung so take that for what it's worth
and I do want to talk about this just a
draw contrast with different features on
the iPhone 8 okay chapter one form
factor
this is a 6 or 7 this is the 5s this is
a 6 they have this kind of these but
there's something about the glass and
metal sandwich here and the weight of
this it feels feels really good in the
hand now on the back of this glass
sandwich there is this gigantic camera
protrusion and it's hard to say without
holding it just how significant it is
previous iPhone designs have this kind
of swoop or this little metal ring here
on the galaxy it's perfectly flush but
on this they chose to make it this big
fat like you could you could like shave
with this thing it doesn't feel like
they're trying to hide it it's like
they're owning the fact that this
thing's got a protrusion if you can't
make it perfectly beautiful and flush
like it is on the galaxy or on the old
iPhones the next best thing is just to
own it it feels very industrial now they
call this thing a tall screen and it
sort of is besides the I like that
there's no more button down here but I
will say I was out shooting the other
day trying to use this with my drone and
the whole phone crashed and because
there was no physical home button the
DJI app crashed and there's no way for
me to crash this app to get back to the
home screen because there's no home
screen button
so nothing I do can get it can lock the
phone and then unlock the phone and face
ID it open okay and then we're back here
now if this were the old iPhone I could
just DoubleTap but no I'm completely
stuck
the only other hardware thing to talk
about is the the lack of a bad phone
jack now that's been gone for a couple
of years so I I can't really bitch about
it anymore but it still sucks it sucks
as much now as it did before I really
like your headphone jack and I know the
new pixel doesn't have a headphone jack
Samsung please please don't take away
the headphone jack
face ID the killer out I think
everybody's been talking about it's good
it's way better than I expected when it
works it's like it's not even locked it
just magically opens when it works
because I wear sunglasses 21 hours a day
it doesn't work when I try it with
sunglasses on it just doesn't so it
gives me sort of two options I can go
like this I gotta wait for it to fail
and then I just punch in my key code
circa 2011 it's fine I do wish there was
a redundant measure there on my main
phone on my note it has a retinal
scanner which works similarly I use the
retinal scanner if I've got glasses off
I've got glasses on I just put a finger
down there and it unlocks I would love
another mechanism to unlock this thing
besides face ID and besides this key
code and to get really specific it does
this thing where it tries to unlock with
face ID and there's about a two-second
wait before the keypad comes up so that
means two seconds of waiting before I
can actually punch in my code and unlock
it that sounds like a small deal but I
mean you know I locked my phone like 500
times a day gets a little annoying
other things that I really liked that I
didn't think I would like the gesture
input on this that is the the closing of
apps by swiping up and and pulling down
on the corner to bring up your control
panel and pulling down over here to
bring up notifications it feels like a
much more human interaction than maybe
like tapping these virtual buttons and
it works in a way that after you know 36
hours became really intuitive when gripe
I have with the swiping interaction it
said to bring up the multitasking to
bring up all the the windowpanes like
this it's a little awkward you have to
you have to swipe up and then hold your
finger there for them to appear and then
if you wanted to shut down all these
apps at once you have to kind of pull
down and wait for this thing to come up
it's fine we're talking about seconds of
lag here but the way it worked on the
the way it works on Android where you
tap a button and you can swipe through
to me feels like it feels more efficient
this feels like I'm holding and waiting
anything you can do I can do better I
could do anything better than you know I
could make like a 2 hour long video
about Android versus iOS I don't want to
go too far down that bottomless hole pit
right now but there are a couple things
that really stand out here for starters
the notifications if you think you know
your phone as a communication device
understanding all these communications
that are coming in across all these
different apps be able to organize those
and process those in your head is maybe
the most important part the most
important part of your relationship with
your phone now Android which has a lot
of faults don't get me wrong there's a
lot of that Android doesn't I just don't
understand androids notification system
I think is near perfect everything's
right there it's neatly organized the
most common interaction I do with my
Android devices is just pull down from
the top and I can literally see
everything that's going on now on iOS
and this is less than iPhone 10 things
it is an iOS thing like 60% of all these
notifications are just are just for my
American Express card telling me that I
had charges why not group them all
together why do I have to have 500
notifications from the same app in the
end I have almost all of my
notifications turned off on this thing
because this notification display menu
thing it's just such a dumpster fire and
it's always been that way ever since iOS
you pulled out
from the top it's always been this big
fat confusing mess another thing that I
would love to see on these devices Apple
did a really good job of doing
multi-window that is like having more
than one app open on a single screen on
the iPad and the iPad pro it's great
there's a lot of real estate here how
about letting me have two apps open at
once that's something that I use all the
time on my on my note you're driving in
your car get your maps open but you also
want to watch the latest h3h3 drop you
can have them both open here Apple why
not do that to your plenti real estate
look at the size of that big juicy
screen love to see multi-window that
really does impact the productivity of
the mobile device and the last thing to
touch on is the knotch when I was doing
a little bit of research for this video
I read a bunch of online reviews a lot
of people said that a lot of people said
that the not just kind of goes away like
you get used to it
I disagree the knotch never stops being
annoying it's like this omnipresent
thing that I looked out of this
beautiful display and it feels honestly
it feels like it's a mistake like it
shouldn't be there but they got nowhere
else for it to go it the first thing I
did when I got this phone is I changed
out my background screen from that like
beachy thing to all black now if you
look the notch is gone and on either
side is like your reception status and
the time it looks great it looks like
how it should be I kind of wish that was
implemented across the board like in
every app that kept it nice and black up
there to hide the not just hide it with
software all right so there's a kind of
my initial thoughts uh and conclusion
here will the iPhone X replace my note 8
as my main phone no you know I've always
liked this is a so many Android phone
here and this is an HTC Android phone
I've always found Android to be a better
productivity device the no date with the
stylus the bigger screen it's just a
better computer in my pocket I didn't
talk about I didn't talk about cameras
or video cameras are the things that I
imagine my audience really cares about I
want to do a really exhaustive
side-by-side camera test like where you
can see the iPhone 10 again
the note 8 I'm gonna do that but I
didn't want to like half-ass that by
putting it in this video so I'll make
that video later ok that's it I hope you
like my I hope
