you see what just happened okay
today is the YouTube creator summit
still don't entirely know what it is but
I'm very excited about it
corner
yo when we even start giving away the
are you hungover yeah great um we have
these are the new ones
yeah he's a nuance mashes the icon
that's good
what are you wearing old school just
real school gone old school we're
knocking on the Dean backpacks these are
for bean team only their - how many do
we have these we have a couple more
downstairs all right listen
okay give me two penny words I'm not
doing this so don't harass me on Twitter
or on YouTube for one of these beam
penny boards just harass jack no don't
harass me that is a really good beat he
generates good beams you're gonna get a
skateboard okay jack is Jack literally
moderates beam so he goes through like
he watches more than anyone he's gonna
pick out his favorite beams and then
contact you and send you a skateboard
good luck look these are real deal
these are real penny boards real beam
penny boards you have to post awesome
beams to get one don't just hit me up on
email post a fool not be a good luck
jack Godspeed
Jack is J ACK on beam by the way Jack
should follow him just don't look to me
for help with this giveaway this is all
on Jack
Oh in case you missed that that was a
guy on a Segway with a poodle in his
backpack
what did I walk into all right seem like
a lot of fun was happening down there
but I'm presenting this morning so I got
a damn are you guys looking for me I'm
here bro I Love You Man would escape I
gotta take a piss
all right any time come on see this
whole event is kicking off with an
interview that I'm doing you ready for
interview yeah thank you for your
cooperation
Wow that video is way too long
right I get it how did I do up there
Jesse are you frosted he's going well
right good job
typical Casey nice that stuff okay yeah
also there were like three or four
speakers this morning at this thing and
the speakers were amazing good work
YouTube it's lunchtime now which is just
total madness this is what lunch looks
like
I
put the theater down guys I want you
guys to know kind of been a while but
wow this is awesome
whoa it's all just like a wonderful
photography of New York City thank you
for this this is a great present that's
a first moon is the first
topographically accurate lunar globe one
thing I don't have is a topographically
accurate moon
thank you the moon team you know I like
swimming I don't know what I love
swimming ah this duct tape dear Casey I
really hope you like the color and size
of the swimming cap if you'd like to
have a better swimming technique I
invite you to come to Poland thank you
for this you know I have quite a few
something goth but this one is very nice
hi Casey you're amazing could you please
send me some sincerely Chris Chris
you've got awesome handwriting alright
thank you Chris
GZ thank you for dinner you Rodney
thanks for the backpack Museum you
Rutter magazine my wife and I produce
Simon Simon this is the nicest running
magazine I've ever seen okay see my name
is TJ thank you very much for you TJ
thanks Lilly candy thanks for this book
I don't know what it is but if I'm gonna
judge a book by the cover this book
looks awesome nice
hello Jay Paul oh thank you do Kasey's
enjoy the t-shirt Samuel it's a nice
t-shirt Samuel but hello okay thank you
very much we go dear Casey it's Cinco
DeMayo don't forget to drop a line here
I guess it is Cinco DeMayo however Cinco
DeMayo everyone no way okay
when I first saw this thing I didn't
think it was real this is like science
fiction stuff this is the kind of thing
I imagined when I was a kid headphones
let me just hope alright these are like
these are headphones ready virtual
virtual reality headset I'm not kidding
this is very supposed to wear these
things look
and you're supposed to be able to
control the drone with these things were
you like alright let's see let's see
okay I got to install this get this
thing up and running but soon I'll be
flying my drone do I look as awesome as
I feel right now
it's amazing it's like you're flying
it's like first-person droning where you
see the two lenses there yeah it's like
virtual reality okay
all right yeah oh you take care
Oh
this is a YouTube team-building exercise
we're in we make tacos and margaritas
Rachael Ray who's right
hey love you I'm eating the cabbage
we're making something amazing for you
I'm team spokesperson I'm the approach
are talking you're on my team not wait
for you how's it uh I think it's good oh
I'm gonna be in your blog she just goes
yes this is gonna be us we got this okay
using with a great cocktail you've got a
chance
all right
don't let us down so share this down you
don't follow the rules don't follow the
real Wow what happens when you follow
the rule ok today's incredible YouTube
extravaganza is over there's like a
dinner and drinks and a party right now
but I'm going to go home to see the baby
what an unbelievable day I only shared a
little bit of it with you because I
don't know I just wanted to be present
but YouTube man you guys not amazing I
feel special
breaking it down take care
bye guys thank you for everything a guy
from the magic club what's up guys glad
you drive it yeah that's me
i watch your videos every day they're
huge man well good luck selling your
bellies wanna come in
the babymetal salad it was delicious
I mean I'm sorry I mean I thought you
were done with it alright I'm gonna go
to the office I'll be back as quick as I
can I have to meet Matt I'll bring it
back I'm tired
what do you get for dinner at some weird
Thai place was it disgusting if they
were so delicious holies this is 8
pounds of jelly they're on Alex's desk
was this you I'm like a quarter of that
problem there's a vestal university all
right now
have a good night why is it in the
morning it is now midnight and my work
for the day is done uh
