check this out this has been here for
three days two that I couldn't get it
out of my shoe this screw has been
poking the bottom of my foot since I was
in Los Angeles back in New York guess
who's here
we're having Mexican for breakfast
breakfast McClinton Francine then a
little more family time then after go to
work today even though it's Sunday is a
huge workday on a rainy gross Sunday New
York City is completely empty
Tennessee think two skateboards is going
to be enough for you and Francine or
should I get you 1/3 from the office
she's making me take about skateboards
the office to get five skateboards in
our apartment
- bye honey ah I'll see you later bye
Francine I should be home by five or six
Game of Thrones is on tonight okay very
excited it's really raining out there I
just realized that my drone was strapped
to my backpack and the cameras wet these
things are tough but I don't think they
can handle being wet
holy work
in the last weekend perhaps nothing into
active power lines we're dropped 30
fiends mashed on the ground and then got
it soaking wet from the pouring rain
considering how many moving parts these
things have they're incredibly tough now
I tried my hardest always to be as
honest with you the audience as I
possibly can but there has been
something I've been keeping out of like
the episodes here for quite some time
that I need to address check out the
skateboard this is a custom beam penny
board it actually made us these in
Australia and sent them to us I sent us
like ten of these for those of you who
don't know beam it's an app it's like a
social network it's a company that I
started with my friend Matt a year ago
it used to be like the only thing I
talked about on the vlog was beam it was
all about my company but in the last
like six months I haven't mentioned it
not once I've been getting a lot of
flack for in the comments below like
what's going on is it out of business
are you still running your company why
don't you talk about it so today I want
to explain what's going on exactly
what's going on so like a year and a
half ago or something like that I
started this company called beam with
this idea that like could we build an
app could we build a way where you share
a video we don't actually have to make
any video so how I make videos on beam
is I just go and now it's recording
video and then I go and now that video
has been shared everyone who follows me
and that's it and it's like this awesome
little platform we built this thing we
launched it last July at VidCon and the
launch was like totally nuts
that's my studio and that's beam beam
headquarters is awesome we've got to
couch this projector situation which we
use mostly for work but sometimes
sometimes for video games we've got Alex
and Steve working on a Sunday
we got snacks lots and lots and lots of
snacks in fact all the snacks that show
up from mail time whether it's fun
healthy or super healthy all that ends
up here and the beam squad has a magical
way of making it disappear then after
that crazy launch we went we raised more
money and then we hired a whole bunch of
people we got this new office and we
just started like building building
building and then like people sort of
stop downloading beam and a lot of
people stopped using beam and it started
to fade oh and we're like what's going
on here and Matt my business partner I
realized that like this app kinda sucks
like the idea is awesome but the app
itself is not it needs to be better
so in January we sat down like the
entire team all of beam squad and we're
like how do we make this thing better
and we think we figured it out we think
we figured out how to make it the
awesome app it needed to be and then we
need to build it and that took us the
last like five months four and a half
months to make it the thing that should
have been when we launched to make it
great I I read all the comments I read
everybody asked me what you're on beam
is it over are you still doing it why
don't you talk about it every time I
mention the name beam people download it
and we didn't walk downloads it wasn't
ready so I had to stop talking it was so
painful for me to not talk about it so
today finally we launched the app on the
App Store and on the Google Play Store
go download it check it out it sucks
just delete it if you liked it let me
know but more importantly I will be once
again talking about my job which is beam
on this channel and hopefully people can
stop asking why aren't you talking about
being because I will now be talking
about being also I launched the second
video today that just explains what beam
is if you if you don't know what beam is
you should check it out
Steinberger Oh Casey I have your GoPro
I'm sorry I had elected to return it
it's okay
promptly I'll give it to you right now
hey working on a Sunday yeah your friend
Alison yeah yeah
Oh how'd it go it was amazing I'm going
to York tomorrow this is probably a
terrible idea but I feel like the city
is so empty and it's so dark out it's
the perfect opportunity to lease
Dooley's try
I mean what could possibly go wrong
okay a little weird I did not tell it to
fly over there it just took off and took
off
all right I didn't wreck the drone but
it definitely flies funny with these
lights on it or I was just doing
something wrong kind of amazing it looks
like a spaceship is fly get inside
before I get in trouble that sounds like
somebody's having fun and I wasn't
invited
it's Casey
