this is being headquarters beam is a
technology company that about a year and
a half ago I founded with my friend Matt
what's happening
Brad's go live we are about to send beam
live on the App Store globally right all
right click it it is alive fly we're
officially live in the App Store how'd
that feel that was pretty good
Jack's job primarily consists of
watching beams all day long was my
favorite part
okay here's Frank Underwood Kevin Spacey
explaining how Beam works report every
videos would be completely black she had
no way of previewing or editing the
content before squad membership so when
you capture is authentic I don't know
who he's talking to
I don't know where this piece of video
came from somebody just sent this to me
we did not pay him to say this
according you can't film a sunset or a
concert or wedding by looking through
your phone you have to lose your eyes
and take it all in and engage in
actually real a platform to share your
perspective to share your world with
video and to see other people's
perspectives via video that you can
trust that's real
you don't stare into your phone while
you're recording something you just go
like this and beam captures whatever's
happening in front of you and then when
you take the phone away
it shares it it's pretty much magic
what's up what are you working on Google
Play feature image put your video right
there and what that leaves you with this
is this feat this feat of people's
perspectives this this is real life and
if you see something like you tap on it
and send a reaction a reaction just
sends the person who created the video a
little picture of you watching it okay
so this is the first-ever clip posted to
the first-ever functioning version
ultimately that app that we launched
last summer the beta version it just
didn't deliver enough on the promises
that we need the so we spent the last
six months fixing it it's awesome
today beam comes out of beta in in
diversion 1.0 there may still be some
bugs but version 1.0 it's the version I
wish we had had last summer heard it
raining outside
so check it out and follow me my user
name is KC oh and yes we are on Android
can can you say something funny to end
the launch video with
