I'm on an airplane right now there's a
wolf here hi buddy I don't really know
Los Angeles well enough to tell you
where I am right now but I am on my way
to the movie set the movie shoot I'm
like I'm doing a cameo in a movie today
I'm on my way to set now
excuse me sir daddy
Oh worst Park job ever
I'm a man of many talents parking is not
on that list say day one of production
yeah row day one we just did the second
scene
dude Casey I'm so happy here bro it's
did you have you here yeah this is this
is Logan's movie this is your first
feature yeah this is the first one that
I'm like I roll it road to star is gay
Turo we're gonna go look at the set for
the first time outside
let's work yeah I wanted to uh welcome
to wall air this is our Airport penis
can they always tell you they're not
looking at your penis but you know they
are you're gonna play it si si we're
gonna be back behind here for monitoring
penises and sleeping when you should be
monitoring what is yeah wait till you
see the plane planes where it's I know
so well away here we are on a plane be
dark right now this is so fun then Wow
and this is the original cockpit from
movie airplane is it really yeah Roger
Roger
what's your clearance clearance your
vector Victor we have clearance Clarence
Roger Roger
what's our vector Victor all right and
that was the tour of this set look it
there's the plane Batali what are they
putting you in costume you know take off
your regular clothes units to make this
you yeah what like tie it off oh I don't
leave me that's it they're gonna be
excited
snoring TSA agent this is my trailer if
you've ever wondered what a movie
trailer looks like this is what a movie
showing looks like it's really kind of
just yucking in here okay this is my
costume and these are my parents I don't
know how to tie it
clip-on tie know how to tie a regular
tie I don't know how to do it clip-on
tie oh there's like alright agent nice
dad reporting for duty it - thank you a
beach in that suite is like my dream
alright ready it's gonna props get some
batter on you're ready I got the bad
news got the badges oh great you ready
how do I look guys there's great I don't
know if these are supposed to fit me so
high up but yeah those are I feel any
trouble any trouble today today
everything's good and clean so they just
finished shooting the first scene that I
was in which i think is a fourth or
fifth scene of the day and they're
shooting from over here in like that
direction and I'm sitting on the other
side pretending to be asleep as a TSA
agent like this
they say action and I go like this
louder
Twitter and
jealous better like hotter way hotter
wait I should wear makeup everyday whoa
Pam I know I know you said Pat my yeah
y'all had that look Logan bro he's funny
man it's lunchtime everyone's taking a
lunch break I thought this might be a
fun time to harass the crew with the
125cc
do you take this on the highway chorus
good maxes out downhill at 70
what is it on the highway like flat 60
okay I did completely crash the drone
two seconds ago I hit a power line and
it just smashed I didn't get the footage
no I didn't really get the good stuff I
was going for your camera to film cool
shots for you and I missed it when they
need to shoot movies on airplanes this
is where they do it but look at this
place
this sofa okay we're going upstairs in
the fake 747 and this is what it
actually looked like yes its original
place
I think I'm just about done today no I'm
gonna go I'll call you later tonight
okay cool you're not going to call me
but yeah I got it good luck
till next time that's the saddest way
bye guys I want to thank you for all
your cooperation
come on this is an awkward goodbye but
uh Casey thank you for being a part of
my movie seriously no hug oh thank you I
realize okay and that is a wrap for me
that's only the first day of shooting
for them every week when I do a Q&A
someone asks do you want to make big
Hollywood movies someday
and my answer is always an emphatic no
see how hard that was to pull all those
pieces together today really reminded me
why it is I'm so focused on YouTube
right now
I steal I
sprinkles they're a dream
you know my favorite part of Los Angeles
is coming to the beach and being inside
all day today I just got about 40
minutes so the Sun Goes Down I didn't
bring the boosted board and I brought a
skateboard now if you're a longtime
viewer of this show you'll remember back
in December when Candace and I made a
proclamation that we are moving to Los
Angeles then we kind of wimped out and
panicked just got a new place in New
York City instead but when we were
having the talks the only discussion was
that if and when we move here we're
moving as close to this Beach as
possible because we'll hit this place
this place is incredible
yo drew what's that man
