you see this but
what is that that's a favorite kind of
graffiti that's the internet world like
that is realized that's a real-life
physical meme
it is a glorious Thursday morning at
like 555 whoa 5:55 a.m. in Los Angeles
California
there is sorry to make you wake up so
early
this is our getting coffee yeah
I have a relatively uninteresting day
today filled up with meetings and
meetings when I got in last night 3 in
the morning I texted Luther and I was
like 5:50 a.m. let's go surfing I didn't
really think that he would show up he's
got the surfboards in the passenger seat
so I'm in the back it's like Driving
Miss Daisy back here Miss Daisy Lowe
knows you ain't no fool slow down I'm
Hoover in it ok see you're not over
driver um we are going to Malibu
hold outside he's really bitch it's so
cool and the water is gonna be colder
what's just a little small
the waves aren't huge so we're going out
in the longboards today
I prefer small waves and big surfboards
to big waves and small circuit boards my
hand is a little screwed up from the
great skateboard accident of ten days
ago but I think the cold water will be
good for it and you don't articulate
your thumb very much while surfing so I
think it's fine
all right let's search
I mean to sound like a Nancy I know I've
got a wet suit on but this water it's
cold
Luthor's leash snap he lost his gourd
good luck bunny we're not heroes he's
like two full days no no no oh I'm not a
very good surfer
I did not catch a single wave the water
came out we would really hot out that's
you there was an old man who said we
looked really hot out there I don't know
what he meant by that
Oh consider I didn't catch a single rose
welcome to downtown Santa Monica will
you specify enjoy your visit and
remember to lock your car
ready
ready get some coffee gonna get some
breakfast the better you working
security out here hi Tuffy's in a bright
light arm off or not now I know it's
breakfast but we got roast beef and
chicken sandwiches Turner with our
coffees success breads a little on the
crunchy side but besides the crunchy
bread I would say this lunch was like an
overwhelming success I forgot to bring
my laptop charger so I just feel like a
hundred bucks on a laptop charger and
I've got four of them look at this place
no filming in here
okay sorry but yeah it's okay yeah would
work fine for the beauty change but
that's the one you Apple even though I
got yelled at for recording in there
your customer service is second to none
they're so smart and helpful so nice
it's so nice all right hold me if I
don't see you again here I'll see you in
New York yes in like three days yes
later super fun morning I'm here in LA
for like 36 hours something like that
primary reason why I'm here is to help
my friend with his movie tomorrow but I
came a day early so I could take a bunch
of business meetings that will not be
included in this show because that's
just not that interesting so today is
like a work day tomorrow is going to be
at the movie set day and then I go home
on Saturday but really any excuse to
come to LA it's so nice here
well Louisa up on the Billboard Lilly
you look awesome up there I have a
confession to make
in my skateboard fall of like two weeks
ago I definitely dumped my ribs in a bad
way but I've broken my ribs before that
time I went off that cliff snowboarding
and landed in the tree I broke three
ribs I know what a broken rib feels like
and it didn't feel like I broke my rib
then this morning when I was getting
tossed in the waves I had a bad hurt
that's why I quit surfing that's why I
didn't catch any waves cut to now about
six hours later it hurts so bad like
unbelievably bad I am in an immense
amount of pain right now luckily while
I'm here in LA I'm staying with
Candace's sister who's a doctor I'm on
my way home right now following the TPS
and I just drove over the LA River I
think that's what it's called
that thing that the Terminator rides is
motorcycle in in Terminator 2
always wanted to check it out I think
it's here ow
oh god no ah oh you're definitely
allowed down here going to get a closer
look
it stinks they call this a river but
it's actually just like overflow like
not quite sewage but almost sewage I
wonder if I can fly my drum
how do I know if I broke a rib back
there or something
whoa what's they do I will do a physical
exam yeah right there there does it
broken I mean I'd like an x-ray do you
how I think it's most eligible it's just
like a sort of like a hematoma ripped
kind of fashioned muscle and really fine
thanks doc I have another question and
it was like swollen like this and it's
gone down but I still can't move it is
that a tendon that's been displaced
there is it ready yeah what is that I
think you'll be fine Emily this is
Candace's sister Carly I was kind of
having like a sad day because I usually
pick a fight with Candice do you want to
pick a fight with me no I usually pick a
fight with her before I leave her that
way I don't miss her and she doesn't
miss me uh but instead we left felt like
really good terms yesterday and I just
miss your sister yeah I miss her too and
hanging out with youth kind of the same
but you're a little shorter than she is
that's like it's not quite the same yeah
we ran down here as fast as we could to
see the Sun set and the Sun it sounds
like in the middle of this guy
I'm feeling a little better
look I've got a tail
