that you is that the box it came in so
it's like brand-new it's like I've made
it sold do you know how to ride it seems
like so
it's like 6:00 a.m. right now today's
one of those days where it's like seven
days crammed into one day go to the
office super early to try to get a
jumpstart on things
Jax meeting me in there to help me shoot
something that should be fun I really
love how empty the city is at this hour
this shot requires like a certain
lighting environment which is why I
wanted to do it so early in the morning
okay
morning morning so Phil wake you up so
early sorry all right let's go outside
and try to figure this out
good yeah yeah we're gonna go back home
now now if I go to Jim man Jill gets
full we got the shot
the shot wasn't for it wasn't for this
it's for another project that we're
doing we had to fly the drone down and
then into this office it was fine then
we got hurt it worked
I didn't even crash the drone okay
awesome so I got a joke to the airport
tonight and when I was buying my ticket
yesterday I was like what what airline
should I book with and I went with
JetBlue cuz of all my airline
experimentation JetBlue is the only
JetBlue's the only airline that follows
the golden rule and that is to treat
others the way you want to be treated
other airlines follow this other rule
that I would describe as treat your
customers the way you would treat an
angry herd of cattle all right anyway I
booked on JetBlue
I like JetBlue and then today this
anonymous looking somewhat creepy care
package shows up and guess what's in it
all kinds of JetBlue swag there's a
letter I don't know where the letter
went Boop so thank you JetBlue please
know that I bought the ticket before you
sent me all this stuff that I'm not sure
what I'm going to do it ah
I bought a ticket because your people
are nice not because you set me free
gloves and a headband but thank you for
the free gloves and
I got all these new selfie sticks okay
this one's not that impressive this
company sent me a selfie stick awhile
ago for a GoPro and I was like I don't
want a selfie stick unless you can make
me a huge selfie stick alright check
this out I think they made this just for
me I don't know if this is actually like
if you can actually buy this this is a
15 foot long selfie stick look at that
that's insane
I'm going to go outside and play with it
whoops
Candace has it's like a jewelry showing
kind of like Candace light displays all
of her new jewelry for her new line and
then important people come by and look
at it that's happening tonight now I
have to go to the airport later so I
can't hang out for long but I'm going to
go to Candace's now to show a little
support
major tripping hazard that that would
have been ugly
all right now I'm really early so I
should be the first person there
that's it we're good so far
you look very pretty
how pretty ask you what are you drinking
Candice it's the only whiskey in the
world that's ancient cognac barrels and
France
so it's not Scottish whiskey it's French
with you really I'm getting out of here
see it's all women I feel a little out
of my league thank God my friend Harry
showed up Harry it's just two dads out
two married dads and a lot of women time
to get out of here Kenneth in
yesterday's episode as I'm leaving my
friend Marcus he says congrats on the
baby alright have a great to see you
take care my love to your family
gradually thanks a lot because it was
the first time I'd seen him since
Francine was born but everyone thinks
you're pregnant no cuz he says can grab
another episode okay I'm not right she's
not pregnant
yeah she's drinking booze
she's not pregnant apple juice she's
definitely not pregnant not pregnant
someday maybe someday definitely getting
sick
goodbye honey congratulations on your
jewelry thing thank you nice light
thanks buddy
bye okay bye honey
I love seeing Candace work there's
nothing more attractive to me than a
woman who works hard and is driven
Congrats on the new line Candace it
looked great thing looks brand-new man
it is brand new male house is my jacket
you buy on the internet who said it's
hot
boosted board who's the boy
what is that noise yeah thank you
they call out about my flight they make
a call throughout my flight yet over the
gate I go to the gate I'm worried
they're going to cancel it they're not
going to cancel it but they have an
older plane that doesn't have like the
JetBlue first class that I'd and I was
all pissed off and then one over there
hooked it up and he gave me B seats like
an entire row to my cell and II refunded
my ticket
nice save Jim okay that's okay
to behave okay Dave Thank You next
gallery thank you you want to be in the
blah you're awesome you are in your own
you're awesome
KC I have to show you picture that's
inspired let me see is that your
Buddhahood in your drone yeah that's
definite Oh cuz of you great inspiration
thanks and of your work nice to meet you
take care
okay okay
I brought my lucky pajamas
bye-bye New York City
