okay check this out she might get mad at
me for sharing this because it's private
on Facebook this is my friend Ashley
she's a ballerina she is nine months
pregnant for the uninformed nine months
is like when you have the baby okay
ready
actually you're a maniac you saw me I
was gonna do a whole sneak up on you
look at all right can you count right
good morning what's up morning we
running I'm gonna try all right let's do
it
Jimmy's awesome we run for an hour and
we do nothing but talk about YouTube
much colder outside than uh you know
that place where I buy my green juice
when I'm not eating Donuts and dollar
pizza the CEO of that company of the
juice place emailed me going to meet the
guy now hope he's got some good advice
for me as to how I can curb my dollar
Pizza addiction this is the guy that
owns juice press we're going for riding
his car I explained I've got a bike he
said he had a solution to that problem
so he's strapping my bike to the roof of
this Cup
those guys would care a lot about
scratching the roof of their car I go
out of my way to scratch the roof on my
car
they're just left behind it's not oh
this is better they would never do this
in LA tell me why you're out not over on
the side of your car well I'm sitting
here all the time in the car on the
phone like stretched out on a text
message and like a little woman will
come in with her high heels to sit in
the car and she go so tell me where she
wants to go up like we turn around look
at her go what are you oh not over they
always say not over so then now we just
keep them away
these passes you have there's a 29 open
with six in construction and then we
have 22 coming out of equinoxes in the
next 90 days Oh someone's messed with
wheat and it sucks he's an ace of spades
I don't have any weed in that bag
ace of spades bro
all right having ready to see you take
care my love to your family gradually
thanks a lot great guy
God what a lovely morning before that
meeting it was cloudy out now sunny out
coincidence I don't think so
are you your office yeah should I come
by just finish the meeting and I'm right
on your street okay I'm coming in gotta
visit the girl when I'm in the
neighborhood
Linda hey leave your house at 9:00 oh
wow yeah you can depart melted yet no
we're gonna buy more there's definitely
not enough handle Oh before our trip to
Mexico I might have to go to San
Francisco in addition to LA yeah oh
that's it
All Right see you later I was so awkward
when you pucker well how does it all fit
anything new by the same way soccer when
I come to yours I just like around but
then I leave well it's just coming to
say hi
so yeah yes or no questions I don't
really think that that deserves the full
intro but would you like to come to
Spain yes I would
his canned is coming with you to
Amsterdam yes she is am I happy yes I am
would you move to San Francisco probably
not do you bleed do I bleed yes would
you play a role in Game of Thrones if
you were asked would I the dollar Pizza
went up to a dollar fifty a slice would
you buy it no can you follow me on
Twitter do you really think this is a
good idea Oliver not really are you
gonna stop vlogging anytime soon I don't
plan on it you like being an adult I do
like being an adult Hotel breakfast
buffets oh yeah have you ever had drugs
yeah I took an ibuprofen this morning
more giveaways coming soon ah I don't
know
as soon as another fancy electronics
company sends me a whole bunch of fancy
equipment to give away there will be
another giveaway have you ever thought
about quitting YouTube no do you think
you'll be able to continually upload
daily yes well for as long as I can I
will continue to are you enjoying life
at this moment yes I am
why you always lying oh my god stop
fucking lying that's not a question are
you currently working on projects that
you keep out of your vlogs
yes interested in becoming a Hollywood
producer director absolutely not hey
Casey can we hang out a dick huh ooh
VidCon VidCon is coming up soon I don't
know ah what is your name here Marc I
don't know exactly what my VidCon plans
are but all I can tell you is that
they're gonna be big I'm going huge this
year at VidCon I don't know what that
means but I'm going huge this year at
VidCon were you popular in school
I'm not being evasive by saying I don't
know if I was popular in school that's
just I left high school in the tenth
grade so I don't really remember I mean
there were the nerdy kids that got
picked on I wasn't one of them
and then there were the really cool kids
and I wasn't really one of them I wasn't
like that super handsome football
quarterback whatever his name was I
think he's a cop now a great QA I hope
you enjoyed the rapid fire style all the
crap that didn't need to be in here is
out of here everything is semi-organized
next up the shelves are going to go up
and then it's going to come together
fast this was the hard part to make that
happen I had to do a major major like
mail time where I go through all of the
packages that people have sent me
yesterday I did a one-hour Facebook live
broadcast of me just opening up all of
these boxes all of these packages if you
didn't watch you should go to my
facebook right here and check it out
it's really really boring all right
check this out skateboard look at that
guy it's me Playboy magazine March 1981
this is the Playboy magazine in the
month I was born imagine if I had hair
that was actually that good this one
puzzles me a little bit this is the
manual to a Fisker Karma that's like a
super fast amazing electric race car and
the guy who sent me this also offered to
give me the car I will crash your car I
will not take you up on that but I
appreciate it but I will crash the car
not to be trusted with something that
expensive look at this print from the
New York City Marathon look at all the
super serious runners then look at this
guy and even though I'm smiling I'm
crying on the inside
thank you for the picture whoever sent
that okay these are my favorite they're
called loom cubes look at the size of
like a little GoPro I think that I can
mount this light on a drone and like fly
the drone at night because they're so
crazy bright
I really don't know what to do all this
stuff
Candace just sent me a text requesting
one chicken or something like that I got
to go to the grocery store
i guard chicken I feel like I should
have like a yard sale or something uh I
can't really just give it away thank you
everyone for the packages
