I used to do every year a video about
people who wait in line to buy the
latest iPhone but Apple hasn't really
released like at a product that was
exciting enough for a long time that
people would like actually wait up but
tomorrow or today depending on when
you're seeing this video they're
releasing the iPhone 10 I went by the
store earlier today and people were
lined up so I'm gonna make a video right
now about the line in New York City for
the iPhone
all right yeah yeah are you are you in
this line yeah we're the bed how long
have you been here since 2:00 are the
people around you people that you think
like want the phone or they people that
are looking to resell oh well someone
someone told us that someone has been
here since two weeks ago Davis which in
day and nightshifts you move outside for
five days yes totally smoked and are you
a big iPhone enthusiast are you
reselling I try to get the pre-order for
November 3rd by miss sell I'm like the
only way is I got a camp out so wait for
it when did you get into lot to the line
like two seconds ago
I do Casey oh good so that's it this is
the end of the line here it goes for a
half the block not that many people what
do you think 200-300 people online like
maybe half resellers half people that
are just pumped to get the phone we go
to Soho Apple Store now
oh my god you look sad and tired I'm one
of those things I haven't I've been here
since 1:30 in the afternoon it is 6:00
in the morning right now so you're
number one how long how long have you
been in line for what do you think likes
a reseller to enthusiasts ratios 80/20
really yes yeah I would say most of
these people what would you say reseller
to non Risa what people are recent you
guys aren't lease oh no I am you are is
I can do a space green and silver
yeah that's wonderful
on that McDonald's buying Egg McMuffins
my friends were in line I don't think
I've ever bought a dozen egg mcmuffins
before I got you guys Egg McMuffins oh
my god thank you so much McDonald's on
the left yeah any any chocolate
milkshake okay it's 7:15 I think the
line opens at 8:00 cleaning up in there
getting ready
how much longer 20 minutes thank God
the door has been unlocked
hey dude 20,000 years later I caught him
I'm going home
what do you uh what are you doing at
home ELISA teased my ears on eBay
