I just deleted today's entire episode
all the footage has been deleted Oscar I
change the code to couldn't in here
anymore I was going to stay man dude I
just deleted like I just deleted
formatted by SD card with all my footage
on it from today Wow
I like that's my baby bike that's my
race bike that's my cruising bike that's
my other cruising bike that's my street
bike that's Jack's bike
I gotta get high
you
that uh I took me like an hour 45
minutes to put together Casey I want to
say thank you for eraser free oh man I'd
like to give you this bike for Owen I
thought this is for me
Peter disco at suavo bikes thank you so
much for this bike for Owen I'll make
sure that he gets it
only after I take a protest ride
Wow
let's just went from being like I'm
importing the happiest episode ever just
like pure bliss today this episode was
like the cheeriest
happiest like rainbows and sunshine and
unicorns and being happiness easy I have
several cameras I keep one camera
permanently mounted on a tripod yeah
this camera and then I have this camera
that I'm shooting with and that's how
there's always one set up in here and I
don't have to take this one all screwed
up the cards I wasn't paying attention I
was writing an email and on life how do
I fix this I have all the footage from
in the studio that's why I had the bike
scene I have all the drone footage let
me just walk you through what happened
I'll try to Frankenstein together what
was a great day
I left the studio on the bike just like
this this is our --es new bike I was
testing it out I gave a little review in
that review I said the seats too low
which is my fault but not the bike is
fantastic personally I'd make the
handlebars just a little bit shorter to
weave in between traffic and not get
caught on cars you know that that
painting that frame picture of my
apartment that says wine me dine me 69
me my friend Gordon made that check out
this is his latest how good at that I
have no idea how he's able to put these
up in New York City
let me think after after that oh I went
to the magazine store which was really
exciting I did something that I've
always wanted to do I bought a copy of
Playboy magazine look see
page 27 that's me it was so much more
excited about it the first time I saw it
in the magazine store on the footage
that I deleted that was the magazine
store and there was this really funny
interaction I had the guys in there
because I was so excited to buy a copy
of Playboy and I think they thought I
was like a little bit looks I was so
pumped on it and then I showed them that
I was in it and like the he's got so
excited it's not the same when I'm
trying to relive it back on the bike
hey good alright alright I'm filming you
see
you drop the kid
what is this
got to go pick up the garbage put that
in the garbage
take care
all right well running ready running
into that guy was not what I did that
didn't happen before
you
trying to remember where else I did
you know it's just not the same really
like something amazing happens and then
you try to tell that story and today was
just this lovely dad placed over rated
I'm not place was appraisee milkshakes
Jerome and I went there a few I went by
there I think I might have this on the
drone
I ran into the owner who I loved Joe his
partner Freddy who talk business all
kinds of stuff you missed a great
conversation my fault but you missed a
great conversation
this place right here I'm not going back
inside I want to have to explain to Joe
that I deleted all my footage from
earlier just embarrassing I'm having
like a little bit of an existential like
crisis in my head
crisis is extreme but I had a great day
like I really had a great day but I
don't have the record of that great day
so does that make my day not great no it
was a great day I had a great day and if
this episode if my show has to suffer
but I had the great day doesn't mean I
didn't have a great day
so I'll always take having a great day
in real life over being able to make a
great episode that shows what would have
been I hope that makes sense I feel like
I was under appreciating what was just a
great day it was a great day no matter
what in other more pleasant news the
winner of the last drone was picked his
name's Bobby Walsh check out this photo
of him I don't know which of these
people is Bobby Walsh but Bobby Walsh
you are the proud owner of a new drone
this is kind of like good news it's good
news for Bobby Walsh it's bad news for
the other four hundred and thirty four
thousand five hundred and fifty people
who tried to get the drone and check out
the date on page 27 who is it
take that yeah
I remember when I first learned Final
Cut Pro I spent like 12 hours straight
editing a sequence and learning the
program as I went and then right at the
end this is back in like 1999 or
something it was like do you want to
save and I just clicked no in this weird
instinctive way and my entire project
was destroyed but then I had to do it
again and I did in like three hours and
is the best way to learn a program
