we have all these responsibilities and
likely to take care of stuff you're less
happy I'm more happy I just don't have
time to smile I don't know where to
squeeze it in
it's an amazing day today I'm trying to
stay healthy I've got an early meeting
so I'm doing it outside at the juice
place
Mario ginger thank you thank you
it's just all
sir I but season run next week
absolutely marina see ya
great to see you
great day what's up man you should not
be watching like blogs while you dry
talk to you
you got a fare right now thanks can we
take a picture me look I feel so bad for
your fare back there all right let's do
it I'm gonna give you my father out of
discount oh my god I love you bro
take care nice to meet you I love you
sorry I'm looking you look pretty do it
do it take care I mentioned how much I
love New York City yet today because I
love this city I had so much work to do
but the day is over
I've got nothing done I tried to
implement this new strategy a couple of
weeks ago and I just here's what my
thinking was sword
meetings phone calls and email are all
the opposite of work being left alone to
think and make stuff is the epitome of
work now if you're not careful this can
consume all of your time let's take this
typical day for example you get in you
do some email not a big deal you've got
a meeting at 11:15 a call at one another
meeting at 4:00
piece of cake debt what really happens
in here you like get a cup of coffee or
the bathroom this is nothing time and
then this meeting goes until 12:00 can't
do anything in between and hours over at
2:00 you've got two hours we have to
catch up on email or isn't enough time
left alone to think and make stuff
things happening in here isn't over
until 5:15 then where you gonna work
after that maybe at a half an hour and
no time to be alone and thing and then
the day then the day is over and you've
got nothing done so my idea was to have
no meetings calls or email between 12:00
and 5:00 every day but and this is
something you won't dare to say often on
this show I failed miserably see like
all the work all work all like business
place between 12 and 5 and no matter how
much of a jerk I was how much of a bully
I was not scheduling meetings and say
like I'm really sorry I can't take that
conference call unless we can do it at
11 it just didn't work
communication meetings phone calls they
are the backbone of business they are
the spine that connects all the parts
that is business and the truth is I love
meetings I like meeting new people I
like sitting down and talking about
ideas with other people I like planning
and plotting big things out so it's not
that it doesn't appreciate these things
I just do a terrible job of finding
balance in all of this I really need to
fly the drone for any reason right now I
just I like to play with this thing
sometimes
the lucky guy
my girls
I feel instantly better I really do
anything or maybe it's taking pretty
pictures I met those kids but I got out
and I did something
I think making something creating
something will cure almost anything it
always makes me feel better
I think I broke my boosted board break
everything we are stuck in gridlock
traffic
Kenneth everybody said that in the old
video footage of you they used to smile
so much more KC we weren't married that
was like a holiday why would you smile
less now that you're married we have all
these responsibilities and like we have
to take care of stuff you're less happy
I'm more happy I just don't have time to
smile I don't know where to squeeze it
in so that's how you don't smile you
just don't have the time that they have
time for smiles that makes so much sense
I told you it's like
What did he say they're all we had them
please try again only you I didn't touch
it I didn't touch anything the thing the
GPS says we see I look at both my hands
or on the camera call John Smith call
John Smith work for the GPS says we have
another hour and two minutes before with
that we're still not there I move the
backseat
Candace is driving whoa Candace animal
bye bye I'll leaving this camera in the
car okay what are you doing something
for Molly I can't keep my brother in a
but don't don't take your brother in the
butt yeah thanks oh yeah know that yes
that's it this is not going on YouTube
okay
thanks for driving I would definitely
fall asleep at the wheel just left in
our friend scene went nuts throughout
the entire meal hanging out the older
kids just creamier tiny little head off
okay
now the long journey home
please try your dad only you I didn't
touch it
