that's real legit Tennessee moonshine
right there
it's watch done you got your girlfriend
help you with a cab if my sore from that
crash yesterday like I need here to the
hospital sore but like everything were
hurt sore
I mean it's fine I'm going to survive
try to run this morning I made it like a
block I'd like whoo I got bruised a rib
or something too is like I'm all messed
up I got to go I am on my way to Midtown
right now 59 349 cert something like
that
I'm going on Randi Zuckerberg Randi
Zuckerberg Tech radio show something
like that Sirius satellite radio show
we're going to like talk about social
media and Technology and stuff 12:01
supposed to be live on the show in seven
minutes but I'm stuck in the lobby
because my name wasn't registered with
security
I don't know what's going on here but
they're like a lot of people a lot of
noise a lot chatter young girl how do we
do oh yeah yeah that was fun
we finished the talk show it went well
Randy went well you were awesome and I
mean we had a lot of callers it was
great it was it's all just making us
happy I'm happy you're happy
we're gonna do Facebook live right now
cam hi everyone and welcome to Randy at
random that's what I call my julia
louis-dreyfus is in the studio next door
to us doing a Q&A but Megan our producer
Megan's little you here I think it's
like really ride a lot of muscle oh my
gosh
that was super fun I don't I don't think
I've ever done radio before way easier
than video you don't have to worry about
the picture taking the cab back downtown
because we boosted board battery's dead
literally couldn't find an outlet and
all of Sirius Satellite Radio's tankers
thank you very much do you have any more
of these lenses some took my last one
last time uh I already broke it come on
Daisy I see you have you have the cheap
one already front of all my sins I'm
you're killing my youtube channel one I
know I'm sorry baby
how much is this like eight hundred my
videos are getting completely out of
focus until I get let thing is so star
burglar yeah dude happy birthday thank
you sir I asked them record if I could
help build your studio we talked about
basically using a lot of spackle around
the scenes and then um Miguel very
important ignore everything that this
guy says spackle is banned from Maya the
Casey nice today day is he Axl you were
born on 4/20 I was are you stoned right
now I'm a little drunk wait I got your
present yeah I got you a young
self-balancing electric unicycle oh my
god Kate this is exactly what I was
asking for thank you so much Casey hey
thanks a lot happy birthday buddy really
I can't wait to the only 30 29 ones any
tips before trying yeah it's just like
the other like really stand up straight
and lean forward it's a little bit like
the hoverboard
stand up straight a straight yeah there
you go just follow me like the Pied
Piper right now Steinberg looking good
confident on that Dylan Dylan we only
break this out for the most special of
special occasions it's your birthday so
I'm not going to tell you you can't have
as much as you want but I will warn you
it's very strong give a glass or do I
just drink right on that you its
standard to drink straight from the moon
found yah all right well happy birthday
Dylan thank you very much go sounds real
smooth it feels like I'm cleaning the
inside of my body yeah is it good the
best thing about moonshine is that if
you don't like the way it tastes you can
use this to strip paint that's what it
smells like first my eyes Macy do you
want some I don't
terrible idea I over it that's it I
appreciate the medical advice and I hope
you have a great birthday going Thank
You Casey
bye guys always a pleasure Matt and
thank you to these guys who sent this to
me for Dylan thank you guys here's
exactly what happened last night when I
fell off the boosted board I was on the
sidewalk going like this fast like two
miles now and my camera I had my drone
and a backpack on I approached this
corner and four women walking abreast
there were four women walking
side-by-side on the sidewalk I went to
turn to go around them one of the women
step directly in front of me and it was
either fall off my skateboard and take
the fall myself or take her out and
still fall off the skateboard but it was
how I fell when I got hurt here's me
here's me here's my camera so when I
fell as slowly as I was going I fell
backwards like this as I fell backwards
like this I let go of the camera
and as I went down my hand hit first
then the camera then my ribcage with all
of the weight of my body landing on my
hand and then the camera and then my
ribs and this is glass and plastic and
metal sort of landing on top of it was
my ribs right into this part here where
it's just bones and when I landed on the
ground I like got the wind knocked out
of me like when you can't breathe I move
and they're like people are me the women
that I was dodging or like are you okay
are you okay can I help you unless
there's like a steak knife sticking out
of my eyeball I don't want to help just
let me deal with it let me cope so I
like caught my breath I collected myself
I look down at my hand it was so small
and it looked like a baby's foot but the
drone was fine I smashed this camera
back together good enough to get the
shot and went back to work
okay
