fell off my skateboard tonight this lens
is like two days old
totally busted and look at my hand
that's totally busted - and my elbow
it is windy this morning I'm headed to
an early meeting with my friends and
Samsung maybe remember them from
previously Oh check this out
got that green juice day - all healthy
all the time
see you later thank you we're talking
about doing another big fun project
together springtime in New York City is
amazing look at these green trees
what's up man every time I see somebody
else on a boosted board they're going so
slowly
maybe I just go fast
to get the juices this way when I'm
considering a milkshake today I'm just
going to reach forward of these green
juices problem stall stay healthy I've
been opening a lot of boxes in here so
somebody send me another one of these
things look I have one of these now I
have two of these and I have these
whoever sent me that thank you and then
I just wanted to say a big thank you to
whoever sent me this I've needed one of
these for a while and now I finally have
one I suppose I could wear this while I
ride my new self-balancing unicycle I
know I haven't
I know I haven't done one of these in a
while I'm just trying to keep it fresh
and I felt like when I did a QA every
single week it lacked freshness okay
Wayne asks thoughts on tropical house
music Wayne I don't know what tropical
house music is where's Gigi Gigi the
poodle is with Candace's mother in Texas
she'll be back here in New York in a
couple of weeks God you guys really
don't miss anything do you was the
decision to get braces as an adult a
tough one yes for those of you don't
know I had braces a couple years ago
like they're super tight really gold -
it was horrible
I had them play two and a half years or
something like that the worst part is
since getting them off my teeth are like
getting crooked again what's the best
way to stop the YouTube drama feud I
don't really know what the YouTube drama
feud is but I can kind of imagine look
people love drama whether you're on the
side that's creating the drama
exploiting the drama like a TMZ you're
the people that pay two dollars to buy
Us Weekly or like go to the gossip sites
people love drama I don't think it's
ever going to stop and there's nothing
you or I could possibly do to get it to
stop is the rat problem in New York City
as bad as some say yeah it's New York
City there are rats everywhere take a
look at this brave rat it's gross a
commuter took this video you see the red
running around inside a subway car then
while one guy is sleeping it runs right
up his leg take a look at that video mud
Noah asks how do you yourself creative
what that doesn't make any sense how do
you keep coming up with new ideas ah I
try not to think too much that can be
really dangerous when it comes to
ideation instead I just act just turn
the camera on start capturing something
and then everything gels camera tasks
house running going do you plan on
racing any time soon you know running is
not
well I did 6 miles this morning I did 9
miles yesterday morning both fast but
like my legs are a little sore I never
used to get sore
I just haven't putting in the miles that
I should be and the reason why is I'm
just so unbelievably busy with work and
with family that in the morning it's
hard for me to carve out more than an
hour hour and a half so running is like
not good I hate having to say that on a
scale of one to ten how happy are you
with the way life is going Noah I can
tell you without hesitation attend I'm
healthy Francine is healthy Owens
healthy
everybody's happy Candace is doing well
I'm happy with my job it's sunny outside
what more could you want if you want to
ask how happy I am with the way the
world is going I have concerns how do
you keep your feelings separate from
your decision-making you know that is a
tough question the decisions I make are
almost always very objective Candace is
pure emotion so the two of us it's very
Apollo and Dionysus um what was your
question
ooh great question you have unlimited
battery life would you choose your phone
or your boosted board my boosted board
my boosted board if that thing didn't
die I would drive it to California
tomorrow weird question uh do you dream
with how little you sleep honestly David
I do not dream at all when I'm on breaks
or vacation and I sleep and just sleep
in and I wake up and go back to bed I
have dreams like and they're wonderful
what my lifestyles at the cadence where
it is right now which is like 4:00 I
push for six hours of sleep at night I
pass out and then wake up when the alarm
goes off there's no in-between
it's okay though I dream all day long
while I'm awake
Natasha says you talked about dreams I'm
lazy I procrastinate I'm not
exaggerating
I'm just not driven what should I do get
a comfortable couch or bed and a huge TV
with lots of channels I have no idea
laziness is something I can't empathize
with I have no idea what it's like to be
lazy
I'm sorry Natasha I'm not an expert on
your situation
I'm going to end it with this kid hey
Casey my question is what would you say
to the kids that are in middle school in
high school just like me a couple of
things ah first that there's no
permanent record and when your teachers
or your principals say this is going on
your permanent record they're foolish
there is no such thing as a permanent
record the second thing I would say is
don't hesitate don't shy away from
challenging Authority
I'm not saying be a jerk or let's say
you be a jerk or be obstinate just to be
obstinate but when I was in middle
school I remember fundamentally
disagreeing with a lot of my teachers
and my guidance counselor's and the
feedback I got from like my parents and
everybody around me was like you do as
you're told boy but now as an adult I
know that like you don't have to do as
you're told
if you truly disagree with someone
challenge them and don't back down
Candice is working late so I'm on a
little ice cream date with this total
babe over here I think there's a
correlation between the amount of sugar
and the ice cream and her energy level
right now
hey where are you going
okay I'll see you in two seconds I had
to come down here have a green juice
there's something I needed to tell you
see while I was giving Francine that ice
cream I had a few bites and then I had
12 Reese's peanut butter cups today is
my second day of eating healthy I failed
it's morning time now I feel like some
of the swelling's gone down I don't
think that it's broken
it's still really swollen though ah
