ready to go taxi to work today I hate
taking taxis I gotta pack up all my
camera gear so it's kind of with me
today my trip and I can't take that on I
don't need to make excuses we're past
that I don't really get sad for whatever
reason I'm in like this perpetual state
of manic happiness sad is not an emotion
I know nostalgia a sentimental longing
for the past
especially for time with a happy
Association nostalgic being nostalgic
that is Who I am
maybe it's because I'm a hopeless
romantic I have no idea but when left to
my own devices and no one bothers me I
go like this and just our thing of the
past in ways that are just crushing
they're debilitating and nothing nothing
makes me more nostalgic than seeing old
pictures or old videos or thinking of
the times when Owen my son was little
now you don't know Owen cuz he's barely
barely barely in this show he's a
teenager now he has a car he's about to
finish high school he's got a job he
goes this he's just busy and he's rarely
uh he's we don't spend time together
like when he was a little kid
surprising him and picking him up at
school was was always my favorite thing
no one in my entire life
has transcended the kind of journey in
the way that I have with Owen when when
he was born like we didn't have a place
to stay we lived in a friend's basement
it is it always has been it always will
be my life's mission to do right by him
to make sure he has a good life so as he
grew up as he got older no matter what
every year on his birthday he and I
would take a trip no matter how broke I
was I really put aside money I save up
the entire year if I had to he and I
would always have a trip so it'd be just
the two of us have some special time
together tomorrow
Owen turns 18 give any idea how weird it
is for me to have an 18 year old adult
child I'm like 35 I was 16 when we got
pregnant with this kid it is so weird he
turns 18 he's turning into an adult
tomorrow so the two of us were going
away
Owens at home I'm racing there to meet
him now I took a little bit too much
time at the office but I had so much to
finish today before he and I could I'm
packing now there's not enough space in
my suitcase for clothes because I'm
filling it up with camera equipment okay
we're just going to jacket you're
important inside alone there you excited
that did you bring you anything that's
like super American looking so people
will know where you're from
yeah
that's a star's to stretch onesie their
head to toe
I'd be there man that was the longest
ride the airport
thank you very much that's it take care
have a good day okay
our take the right way
just need your bachelor's in OKC Remi
Leslie one you speak French now he back
to my checking
I guess so yes and for you to do in
Paris to go from 3 to 2 off keep the
same morning pass
thank you ready brown face take care
that's us
this kid outfit the TSA agent just said
Owens one zero is poppin I'm gonna have
to take that off to go through security
no there's no metal flight takes off in
like an hour and a half we're gonna hit
the lounge we're gonna have some snacks
we're gonna be taking a shower I'm
taking a shower you take the shots here
Cheryl I'm gonna take some showers
separately this looks fancy
this lounge has great lighting decent
amount of space - okay nice architecture
in here how's the food good got a full
of raw salmon and four lemon wedges also
what is wrong with you
Air France lounge highlights tiny
packets of Oreos that's a big bus look
how cute these little packets of French
honey are major and of course unlimited
Perrier the tap water of France you just
realize that our flight is boarding
right now all that traffic on the way
here with that sauce says so
so always do all that traffic really
cost us our lounge hangout time ready
ready
would you fill your backpack up with
Perrier I mean really this is an Airbus
a380
that's the gigantic two-story airplane
I've never been on one before have you
ever been on one I've not been on one
that makes two of us we've never been on
one before we're sitting upstairs
you better be sitting upstairs
corner we upstairs right now our
downstairs
we're upstairs nice
the seemed unnecessary here it is run
the flight plane teams good everything
good on everything good readings good
writing so the kid I don't think the
flight attendants like my camera
definitely about to come and yell at me
look at this
I can put my laptop all my stuff it in
the bag you go up as it all goes on
there it's so deep I'm in the bathroom
now I'm just fishing out of my jeans
putting on my pajamas the plane seems
lovely our seats seem great this whole
two story thing seems really great I
will say having an stink-eye for the
flight attendants about my cameras which
I understand considering the security
situation Western Europe right now is
had to be a little sensitive about that
all right fetch it we're a mirror
you going to sleep
