dillan oh hi I know you got a birthday
coming up soon so I got you this Vaz of
M&Ms you mean it
they're for everybody enjoy them some of
them may have been dropping the floor
okay
today's Monday I love Mondays there's a
particularly challenging Monday though
see I'm here all day today and then half
of the day tomorrow
and then I'm going for the rest of the
week so it's kinda like I've got to get
the entire week in today
three four five 500 this is 500 peanut
M&Ms 500 of these in here this is one
youtube video and this video is my
youtube video 500 videos 500 YouTube
videos 500 is so many that's 500 times
saying is this good enough 500 times
asking myself are people going to like
this 500 times question whether I should
upload 500 times clicking upload 500
uploads I don't I remember my first
upload I remember being terrified so
scared to share on YouTube at this point
my career I've never done anything by
myself I'd only done stuff with my
brother under the name the nice
stepbrother then he and I stopped
working together he moved to LA I wasn't
sure what to do I had an idea for a
little video I made it I'd know where to
put it I put it on YouTube and I was so
scared to upload it at that time I had
like a show on HBO I was producing
feature films I felt like a big deal but
YouTube has a counter there was no
hiding behind like the glamour that was
television it was just real and that was
a scary moment and then slowly over time
I kept uploading and uploading and
uploading and then one went viral and it
popped it a bunch of people saw it and
all sudden people started saying hey I
saw your video on YouTube and then
making YouTube videos became it was what
I did what do I do I make youtube videos
that's what I do
and then it became a bigger and bigger
part of my career and my canon of work
and people stopped saying you're the guy
from TV and started saying you're the
guy from YouTube and then
started uploading daily and everything
changed and Here I am 500 YouTube videos
later and YouTube a youtuber it's Who I
am speaking of YouTube I'm going to meet
my friend right now who's in town
because tonight is the Shorty Awards
which is like an award ceremony for
social media people and youtubers
especially he's buying clothes right now
for the 40 Awards
i'ma go help this is like a fancy event
tonight I'm wearing a suit and tie but
this is where he's buying his outfit
what's up clown you know struggling I'm
struggling male you're lying you're out
no I don't know oh hi Brittany hi it's a
tuxedo like this is my favorite one but
I know on me it's gonna be huge this
one's my favorite you like that one yeah
it's definitely enough that's the
traditional clown
mission complete well you kind of look
like a clown without even the costume I
got bored to be a clown I don't know
what you're talking about a dress oh
yeah I see it yeah I know this is your
camera and you're probably never gonna
put this in your vlog but I want to say
you're recording congratulations
massive congratulations I think when you
flew to my house you had just hit a
million subscribers in Brittany and I
put on our bed congratulations on a
million subscribers oh you guys are the
bad and I told you that you're gonna
pass me in no time congratulations dude
thanks for uh man absolutely I'm Rick
and you call this thing around all day I
did it's heavy you smoking pot I smoke
pot somebody smoking pot I think it's
our driver are you smoking never I
brought a little pot no I brought a
little pot how do you actually have a
little this is a little literally a
little pot in your pocket for that joke
I'm taking these guys here clothes
shopping I'm leaving them and so I feel
leave me gonna be fine I've gotta get
back to work I've gotta at home I've
gotta get Candice we're going to the
awards to Roman's nominated for Best
comedian which is crazy just create I'm
not funny
people don't laugh at me they laugh okay
that's true
good luck with the suit Roman you're
leaving me here terminal in New York
ready don't make him look like a clown
see you soon Susan great to see Roman
while I'm gonna have a friend there
tonight we are so late right now we're
supposed to be there at 6:00 it's 646 we
have left the house it's completely my
fault all of the material that I shot
for today's episode had no audio in it
because the battery was dead in my
microphone so if you go back to the
studio and reshoot that entire M&M thing
I shot that twice all so this is
completely on me that we're late not
Candace right now it's fine we're in
route now Candace Janice isn't some sort
of magazine or newspaper look how hot
she is in this picture that babe my god
Candace you don't see up your skirt
do you like anything about like the only
person that ever took my picture that
looked like me let me give you the quick
rundown of what's going on today
these are called the Shorty Awards and
it's like best vine our best snapchat
our best comedy like it is the social
media awards show I'm nominated for like
the biggest award which is youtuber of
the year it's a huge deal it's a big
deal for me I'm nominated alongside like
really big-time legacy youtubers like
PewDiePie and Tyler Oakley and Lilly
Singh and Casey nice that so it's
awesome to be in such good company for
youtuber of the year without your smile
if you didn't smile so much in every
single vlog there would be no no no
Channel that's right
thanks guys
Oh
we're here with vaccine I really thought
I'd run into some more like interesting
youtubers here but it's just like hell
look at that while in G really got to
get up in we're gonna get up in it we're
here at the premiere of Batman vs
Superman
I hear it's great critics it's horrible
but we love it love love a man it's
great go Batman and Superman yeah this
thing you guys might wave or something
when I hit a camel we're backstage now
we're hanging out in the bathroom
because it's the only place where people
have cool people hanging out
they are these guys and look DJ Khaled's
in here
we're gonna sneak out we're going to
sneak out we're gonna go watch the show
now
mmm can you get it out there
why
the shorty award for best YouTube
ensemble goes to train horses frame nice
work Jessie did you buy Univision is DJ
oh thank you um let's uh let's not mess
up and the winner best YouTube comedian
is Roman it would look right Robin now
for youtuber of the year finalist for
user of the year are
Ingrid Nilsen Lilly Singh beautify ugly
and Zilla and a shorty award for YouTube
over the year goes to
I guess I should start by thinking like
rural candidates for letting me exploit
her bikini body for thumbnail
