starving I don't have a lot of money on
me
a solid 12 mile run this morning
fast 270 fault paste no great I love
springtime running in the city what's
that show we're like a crime takes place
and then they figure out how it happened
and who the guilty parties are they show
boom that goes bump bump bump bump all
well that is today's episode that's
what's happened today on the show
remember how I crashed my drone into the
bridge and it was sitting on the bridge
and I needed to go retrieve it now I'm
not dumb
I knew I was inviting all kinds of
trolling by telling the world where my
drone was and then I was just sitting
there unsupervised
okay then this morning this happened
this is a Twitter account here called
Casey's drone we have it and they've
been following everybody that follows me
it's just super typical troll activity
this is a shot of their drone with a
hook on it as if they went got my drone
and let me say that's impossible
it's like Casey we took it for a spin
look at this footage I know phantom four
footage that's not phantom four footage
here's the thing I know exactly where my
drone is because it's on its way to the
studio right now to be returned to me by
someone who is not this Joker I know
where it is I know this guy's just boy I
hate both all right we got an update we
had an update they replied they said we
have your drone I said how do I know you
actually have it they said well there's
only one up there in the ledge we got
there unless that is such now it's like
they're like taunting me or something
can you send me a picture of it let's
see how they do with that
I remember why I stopped eating dollar
pizza okay in other news back to the
Twitter little battle I've got going on
victory victory is ours look at this I
said can you send me a picture of it and
then they sent this picture and then
said ll just kidding goodbye alright
ready for this when I go ahead and
refresh the page page deleted you will
have to forgive my cage eNOS here but my
drone my phantom for that I crash into
the bridge it's on its way here now
there's so much I can't tell you I can't
tell you who the person is that's
returning it or how they got it I can
tell you that no laws were broken and
nothing criminal took place I've also
agreed to completely disguise this
person but put them on this episode I've
already said too much they should be
here soon
they're here I'm going to apologize in
advance for all of this blurring like I
said I have to keep who they are
confidential
welcome guys they see all you do we're
gonna get started here I hope you
understand why I had to blur these two
out these are the men that made it
happen how did you retrieve the drone
once I seen the video and I said I know
a guy I can get this done
is this the guy this is the guy right
here tell the guy how did you get it
done what I got done cool
that it was a problem that's fresh
I said on it you know this has to be
resolved because you know there's gotta
be a million other people trying to get
this thing and it could be a big problem
we have to make sure that the test was
completed that Sandler professionals and
this is it this is the recovered drone
broken blade my number two written on it
little dirty little worse for wear
thank you I have a present for you guys
hold on let me get rid of your faces
here okay I can't give him one of the
new ones I already promised to give
those away but okay
I got my old phantom 2 drone here with
extra propellers 2 extra batteries
controller and in this case this way you
guys give you back my broken drone I
give you this room cool guys I would
have given him one of the new Phantom 4
is here but I can't I promise it give
those see you guys later thank you again
for coming by I wish I could tell you
where those guys were from they were so
awesome now is the moment of truth does
this thing still work oh it's all
corroded I'm gonna start by saying if
this footage works
so far nothing it's just not shown up
all rights the memory cards pride I'm
going to try one more reader okay so far
so bad the memory card will not mount my
hopes are not high for this drone
there's like mildew on the inside of
this thing alright I want to just lower
everyone's expectations right now this
is probably not going to work it is not
supposed to be doing that what I want to
do is see if I can connect the
controller to the drone at all all right
it's going berserk
but it is connected all right still
saying cannot take off but it's not
telling me why
- what's it blow let Caesar under a
bridge for ten days who I'm taking it
outside I believe I can fly I believe I
can touch the sky I think about it every
night
spread my wings and fly
here we go here we go here we go I'm not
going to lie the picture is a little on
the crazy side it's like shaking a
little bit let's see how this thing can
fly okay the picture is going crazy Oh
nope nope it's crazy
my thinking is that like yes it still
works but the gimbal is a little like
drunk it's like go home drone you've had
too much to drink I'm bringing it in I
mean that is ridiculous that this thing
still works BAM drone number two now I
know that footage was a little bit less
than perfect and I'm not one to
disappoint just in case I brought drone
number three just in case drone number
two wasn't perfect so today's episode is
going to end with some beautiful
cinematography of the Hudson River
haha
ah
okay it's like 6:00 in the morning I
totally forgot that I had to pick a
winner for today from yesterday so I
didn't shoot it and I want to get it
okay
know that we picked this winner
completely randomly so it doesn't matter
like what this what you said in the
comment is just just random okay today's
winner of the drone is is Nuri Maria
right if this is you and this is your
channel I sent you a message well I sent
you a secret message so just follow the
instructions as laid out in YouTube and
nice nice job
