crash my bike yesterday upon the boosted
board I prefer the boosted board which
is the weather has not been boosted
board compatible people ask
so here's the thing I had no intention
of the problem is that this doesn't go
in reverse
I had no intention of making today's
episode a male time episode not that I
don't like male time but I had other
ideas for today but this package showed
up hold up this package showed up today
and what's inside that package is so
awesome that I'm gonna do male time just
to like build things up and get excited
to show you what's in that box
hi Casey I run a clothing brand called
set it would be great to see wear a cap
in your episode well Jack your ship has
tumped hi Casey I work for shapeways a
New York city-based 3d printing company
here's a little camera protector which
should help you with the drone crash huh
you see every time I crash this drone I
smash the lens so this protector
I guess Seth thank you dear Casey we're
your biggest fans ah ah in this box we
show you some candy that you can enjoy
cavity free hmm oh because they also
sent me a toothbrush and toothpaste very
clever
Oh Rob Robbie and Max age 12 thanks guys
okay I just want to say as much as I
like candy and I love candy candy is not
as good is what's in this box
hi case you have a 22 year old aerospace
engineer film maker
I've been working out an app startup
that makes drone cinematography so easy
okay
free sky Andy thank you for all this
stuff no problem
whoa this is fine print hi Casey I
wanted to say thank you I've been a fan
of your work for a while thanks for
saying that I started running it I've
lost 20 pounds nice work Eliot Ward
thank you for the candy and thank you
for the nice message
look how cute for the baby where's the
note oh boy well this is the only note I
could find a bow thanks for the kids
closed bow you can't write please don't
cut and then have the entire box sealed
up my soft round fingers cannot
penetrate this box I'm gonna have to cut
I'm gonna do it gently kiss you know you
receive a lot of letters and I thought
you might appreciate this from a fellow
runner I ran my first marathon last year
congratulations Tom and Toby thank you
for all this stuff including your
rutting Jersey they ran the marathon to
raise money for cancer research
you are good men hi kids you have a
retired Army veteran I thought I'd make
you a multicam survival bracelet Thank
You Erin thank you for these survival
bracelets they're cool all right I'm
opening up this big one and then I'm
going to show you what's in this box
right here which is dinner
hi Katie hope you did are naturally
friendly products toothpaste I'm gonna
need it because I have all this candy
this is the weirdest skateboard I've
ever seen but thank you for the weird
skateboard okay it's time are you ready
knocked over this knocked over the
camera so far what do we know we know
that in that gigantic box were three
slightly smaller boxes let's have a look
in the first slightly smaller box we
have
hey brand-new DJI phantom4 thrown in the
second box we have another DJI phantom 4
drone and in the first box we have a
third DJI phantom 4 drone now I don't
know a lot but I do know that no man
needs seven drones and I already have
four bring it on in bring it on
and since DJ I just gave these to me I'm
trying to say their name a lot by the
way so maybe they'll give me more DJI
DJI since I just gave these to me I'm
gonna give all three of them away and do
another giveaway I don't really know
like I don't really know the best way to
structure this giveaway but since I have
three of them I'll drag it out over like
a week but I will give away one tomorrow
just comment below tell me why you want
it and I will have someone who's not me
pick the winner make sure you subscribe
and comment below will like pick your
name out of the comments and all the
apps on the floor though I bought
something like that and now I'll think
of like a more like slightly more
inventive way to give away these two
drones but come on three brand-new drone
and it's
it's my favorite drone that whole mail
time drone time business took me like 20
minutes look at the destruction yo can i
film something on your fire escape sure
is that our kin in exchange for letting
me use your fire escape I brought you
all of us can write some of these
they're delicious thanks man
sweet
all right so I'm going to be giving away
those drones but since I've been using
drones so much lately I thought I'd
share with you some of my thoughts on
drones
see I always thought that drones were
like flying cameras and all I needed to
learn how to do was how to get the thing
in the air without crashing it and it
had this magical cinematography to use
to help me tell stories I was wrong
knowing how to fly a drone is one third
of the pie that is actually having
meaningful footage from a drone the
other two pieces are being get drawn
cinematographer and then knowing what to
use the footage for let me tell you
something no one gives a about
pretty aerial cinematography you're
never going to be as good as national
Geographics you're never going to be as
good as Kiana Scott see nobody cares use
that aerial footage to help tell your
story to give context to a scene give
context to what's going on to help me
the viewer understand what I'm seeing
all of these things I've learned in the
last couple of weeks trying to integrate
a drone into this show in a meaningful
way thank you for letting me use your
fire escape my pleasure good love of
that candy thank you
later scarf
