just drop this camera cameras like five
minutes old
about the terrible audio and yesterday's
episode I don't know what happened but
nearly every shot the audio was
completely I couldn't figure out the
exact source of the issue so I went
ahead and replaced my microphone
windscreen shock mount camera memory
card tripod and lens if this doesn't fix
the problem I don't know what other
steps I could take today's episode to be
they're going to be super interesting in
like cliffhanger II and fascinating and
awesome or just like another average
episode see this is a mission based
episode meaning I have a specific agenda
a specific mission I'm looking to
accomplish so here's what happened and I
have to say I'm a little embarrassed
about this that's why I haven't shared
this with you yet there's no reason for
me to be embarrassed I have nothing to
hide from you I should have been more
honest and told you when this happened
but I did this behind here this is the
glorious Williamsburg Bridge now about a
week ago I was trying to fly my drone
under the bridge like this
and I hit this I hit this stanchion
right here I don't think the drone went
in the water I'm pretty sure the drone
landed on this stanchion I do know I
cannot go out there to recover I'm going
to fly this one out there to see if I
can see my old drone out on that thing
I can see the area where I believe I
crashed the old drone but I don't see it
oh wait a minute I see it
I can't
I can see the old drone it's on there if
you sit there there's a perfectly your
brand-new drone just sitting there all
right okay okay okay I'll bring this one
home oh my god
mission accomplished I found my old
drone it's just sitting there and it
looks like it's in perfectly fine shape
and no one's gonna get up there to find
it how do I get it back if you're a
regular viewer of this show you know
that I am an expert that comes from
recovering lost drones but I just I
don't want to go out there that's just
too much trouble meaning like LT is
possible to trespass onto a bridge in
New York City and not have it be
misinterpreted as something really bad
and I don't want it
that's not the kind of trouble I'm
interested as far as recovering that
drone I could like try to attach a hook
to this but you and I both know that
this means I'll lose another drone I
think the way to do it is to call some
of my friends at the NYPD and have them
take me out there on a police boat and
do it legally and get the drone back if
you're a member of the NYPD and you're
watching this how hard is it to operate
a drone while riding a bicycle
in New York City it is literally right
there just sitting there it's a brand
new phantom 4 drone just sitting there
just quietly patiently sitting there
it's right there I gotta get it back I
did not order this I do not know where
it came from
you're Casey this is a gift for you I
know you love your boosted board but you
have to give this thing a try Jamie
thank you I think a
just going to read the directions look
it came with training wheels
want to put about 110 pounds of pressure
in there maximize efficiency oh I think
I got it oh it's not as easy as our
board it's slightly easier than the
unicycle Oscar yeah you got to try this
there's no remote ready you just stand
on maybe you should have come around the
court now lean into it Oscar but man you
pick up some of it in here
but we're really really cooked in the
Oscar last year
seems like a terrible idea
named way to there's little less traffic
there Oscar
marlyn you want to try it
Oh
I'm coming to you Oscar jump on it ready
yeah
that is not a practical move oh so fast
he's going so long Oscar so long what's
up guys we gotta go back to Woodward one
of these days I knew this was gonna be
it
- you're doing sketchy thank you see you
later
yeah my office building is like a dorm
room filled up with really really
productive professionals I love working
around my friends risky home now I'm
gonna take Francine out to dinner or
something fun tonight God we're great
dick just sitting there it looks like
it's in perfectly fine shape
