fifteen it is a good morning in New
Orleans
look that's that's New Orleans and then
we'll go yeah breakfast yeah we only
have half an hour witness okay I'm
coming I'm coming
all the tangle there that's my backup
that's my double backup phone just
finish breakfast all the food in this
entire town comes with like the entire
stick of butter in it
Genesis mom is bringing Francine to New
Orleans this would be here like an hour
stresses how beautiful your not blown
away by that
no I'm blown away look at the bonnet
he's breathing it's not a statue it's
not
I saw him breathing
so tell me
does the play Francine is taking a nap
Candace and her mom went for lunch
I'm staying here waiting for her to wake
up she needs to sleep but I really hope
she was upset
look who's up time to go find mommy come
on baby mama we go to find Allah
everyone is nice to you when you're
pushing a super cute baby in the
stroller
okay we came all the way down here to go
to the famous cafe du monde to look at
the line it's a city block flower maybe
we just skip
can disclose the I got a baby in can't
wait oh and it worked you can skip the
whole live in yay is basically a fried
piece of dough covered in sugar this is
a theater fight
get back
get back my hero
Candace and Francine and granny are all
out antique shopping which like isn't my
favorite thing to do so I'm taking the
skateboard and I'm going to explore a
little bit of New Orleans
everyone in this part of town seems to
be completely drunk all the time so I'm
going to try to go find a different part
of town
I'm completely lost I'm in the middle of
a parking lot by the convention center I
probably should look at a map before I
left the hotel now I am definitely in
the middle of nowhere
this street is like majorly flooded but
there's this amazing factory behind it's
all fences and then water to get over
there if I want a closer look at this
thing gonna have to go remote
thank you so much
har is that what you're wearing to the
wedding
No so what you'll go get the I mean I'll
get it but I'm really annoyed because
you're the one that left it at home and
you're the one that needs it it's like
all we've to do is get it down there and
you just make my life so difficult all
the time you do hey if I don't want to
go back down to your mom's room I went
down there and Walker up in there yeah
you look nice this is the one that you
didn't like this is it we are now nearly
dressed and off to the wedding the
wedding starts in like 45 minutes or
something it's early time in it taxi for
like eight I mean how are you gonna walk
10 blocks in those heels
look at these shoes those are foxy shoes
Cassius let's fight my way what you
hapless tell you what else anything else
all right this I have a hundred percent
ready just waiting on you Candace
taxi to Brennan just a good idea we're
in route now we're almost at the wedding
do you know it's a party no idea Candice
is doing really well in her
dancing girl heels I'm doing great my
sneakers you Jake fabulous you streets
applause
if you be my girl
we finish the walk around the block it
was maybe my favorite part of any
wedding I've ever been to so fun I think
now the wedding normalizes we go inside
and have dinner and watch oh this
bathroom is the only place quiet enough
to record dan Lindsey great wedding
thank you for having us do you think
you'll be the hottest mom with the
letter that's embarrassed that's scary
