there's no way that's good for the
boosted board I kiss for one
so stable okay thank you so much what is
it about hotel breakfast that always
make it taste like hotel breakfast I
think we're leaving San Francisco today
going to we have a couple meetings this
afternoon and then really I'm just
waiting for a phone call because Candis
and Francine are on their way back to
the USA right now and they should be
landing any minute
about one second running over this
camera
these guys are trying to sell me CDs so
we are leaving San Francisco this
afternoon we've got an hour right now
between meetings oh my god get new shoes
and then I just want to be outside we've
been here for a week and most of the
time has been spent in that hotel and
then meetings this is an amazing city I
need to embrace it
shoot me yeah which one what does it do
for some reason they come up through
here and it spits it out have you ever
got robots yet have you ever climbed in
there and gone for a ride I plugged my
skateboard in while I'm waiting for my
shoes it's right there oh here they come
all right I got my sneakers all good
little anecdote did you know that I
modeled for converse sneakers a couple
years ago still had to pay for these
shoes though
okay
I recognize the hair I'm like I know
this dude what's up guys Casey
Pasi vu do you think they'll arrest me
if I fly my drone over here oh I don't
know drone Rose I don't think so good
all right that's all I need to tell the
tradition I need whoa whoa whoa whoa
spent way too much time zipping around
I'm now late for my meeting just finish
the last meeting of all of these
meetings in San Francisco we're not
going back to the hotel we're going to
pack up and then we're getting out of
town is that our uber that's our ruber
thank you very much
that was like a discotheque in it what's
up guys hey fish Casey been nice to meet
you
badger ROM there have been kids waiting
outside of this hotel every day this
week
matt has been really friendly with them
you have no idea how that I want to fly
the drone in this hotel but there are
people down there and there's just like
there's no way to do it but I thought
about it I thought about it a lot
catching up now getting ready to leave
this hotel for the last time leave San
Francisco for the last time next stop is
Los Angeles we hadn't planned to go to
LA it was like a last minute thing I
literally bought my ticket in the coffee
shop an hour and a half ago
I asked Pat to take me somewhere
beautiful before we go to the airport so
I can just see San Francisco before we
go
okay let's go get five tiny rental car
I'll see you in LA I'm flying on
American Airlines you know sometimes you
have to hang out your ex-girlfriend you
don't want to but you're happening out
with your ex-girlfriend I'm not happy
with you American Airlines but let's
just try not to make this awkward they
have free candy at the check-in area
platforms in 17 minutes gave you second
second person on the plane
see you guys later take care and now I'm
in Los Angeles always rolling but it's
rolling right now is it yeah oh my god
famous I really I just can't believe it
oh my mom over mom are you shot to God
no one could be like God my family this
is why I stopped hurting strangers in in
this business
oh my god I got an autograph good please
an autograph there was a dude in the
bathroom shaving his head like shaking a
full head of hair and he's like in there
shaving like he just robbed a bank and
he's trying to change his appearance or
something lucid bored boosted board
Gusev board boosts the board boosted
we have the best rap
that racket
five 84
a boosted board is a huge pain in the
ass to travel with it's so bulky
unless you're riding it and then it's up
584 because it blade
that is so Grand Theft Auto my hotel
that when I pick the hotel it's always
in total when that fixed hotel whoa man
this place is she okay all right it's
midnight now and I'm just getting
started on it's midnight now and I'm
just getting started on my work it's
gonna be a late night and for whatever
reason I made a date to go surfing at
6:00 a.m.
does that look cool
