this is gonna look cool watch the Sun
sweep across the sand here did that look
cool I don't know why I thought it was a
good idea to make plans who have surfing
at 6:00 a.m. today I went to bed at 4:30
last night I'm almost the way I like 80%
away
okay I'm like 90% of what almost 90%
away gotta figure still asleep have you
missed me
morning morning do you have an extra
good I've not I've actually nothing
she thought I actually was good enough
in surfing that I'd have an extra
wetsuit and it's not even my board I
made max wake up that lives in my
building that is a sort of workout
that's a bet that is a huge fan of yours
does he have a surfboard here's the
situation
I made max wake up at the crack of dawn
to go surfing with me but I didn't check
to see if you had an extra surfboard or
an extra wet I don't which I don't we're
out here one of us is ready one of us is
prepared right now max is gonna paddle
out without me I'm gonna do some recon
on the boosted board try to find a
surfboard somewhere I'm not gonna find a
surfboard
good luck laps
and none of these places are a limpid
see this is a place here that rents
stuff but it's completely it's
completely closed I got at least jump in
right yeah yeah you came to the beach
with leather sneakers breakfast I kind
of city slicker are you taking my
clothes off on the jumpin in my
underwear
it's so cold
therefore that should fit you a large ok
wait wait
exactly thank you for coming through my
problem I always will be there yeah
thank you
and then one more spot one right there
thank you ecstatic waiting right
underwear to dry you don't have to show
too much good clothes up there and like
shows up out of nowhere it gives us a
wet seat of the surfboard when la one of
your surfing let's do
oh great I'll delete that please this is
a little too revealing
I don't know how I feel how all
pixelated news I'm gonna pick up in a
black bar oh I don't wanna I don't want
this to be seen max thanks for the surf
trip thanks for the smoothie yeah this
is more appropriate see you later today
maybe where are you gonna be I'm all
over the city I don't think I'm gonna
see you again
you might I hope so bye back
morning morning yeah you want to take a
first bin later on do you want to have
sit in the lobby and I said in the do
you want to have do you want to meet for
breakfast
that was my second cappuccino Matt had
one I copy my room I don't know that
I've ever seen you it he said before it
was dark when I checked into this hotel
room but look at the view from this room
this is ridiculous Santa Monica all
right that's it the fun part of the day
is over and it's only 10:00 a.m. now we
have a meeting in a meeting and a
meeting and then I'm going to try and
leave town Matt's all booked to stay
here until tomorrow but I'm gonna try
and get out tonight it is killing me
that Candice and Francine are like 1,200
miles that way and I can't go see them
so I'm gonna try to make that happen
today
this is meeting number one I'm going to
leave the camera in the car okay meeting
number two right now leaving the camera
in the car it's just not appropriate to
bring a camera these business meetings
that meeting went really well there were
like these paparazzi here a minute ago
chasing down some celebrity it was the
most predatory thing I'd ever seen like
ten dudes was huge like but cameras like
chasing this woman down the sidewalk it
was like jarring
I'm afraid to take this camera now cuz I
don't want people to think that I'm one
of those guys I'm not just a youtuber
not some monster paparazzi would you've
got about 45 minutes to kill so we came
up here to enjoy this outrageously
amazing view of Hollywood and then the
city's right there
in light it's very important to stop
take a minute appreciate your
surroundings and then go back to living
making friends Oliver Ellen this is it
meeting number three last meeting of the
day then I'm going to try to get an
airplane ticket and get out of here I
have a book one yet so I don't know if
they're any available but I do want to
leave Los Angeles today Matt just left
me that's the last meeting and I got on
a flight but it leaves 23 minutes from
the airport I will not miss this plane
yeah I've been trying to hide it and
probably not doing a very good job but
but I've been completely freaking out
because I haven't seen Francine and so
long she's so little like data is one of
like two words she knows how to say and
she's growing up so fast it's it's just
been killing me like eating me from the
inside killing me not seeing her so I'm
racing to Texas to see that cute little
munchkin and now we'll bring back my
spirits so I'm sorry if I've been gloomy
at all I just like it's eating away at
me
I'm gonna miss my flight
I've just been sitting here for like 45
like copies not moving I can get out of
my car look at traffic all the way back
it's not moving nothing's moving I've
gone around the block like 10 times of
no other way around this it's just like
literally stop traffic in every I just
checked on like every single travel site
I could find there are no later planes
tonight to Texas it's I make this flight
at 7:30 right now it's 6:15 I make this
flight at 7:30 or I'm stuck in
California for the night you've no idea
how much this sucks
it's I'm sorry see that car that car
just with the wrong direction that is
the right idea I'm sorry I have to
subject you to this anger and hostility
but nothing makes me upset like this
it's just like I just want to see my
baby and it's completely out of a
control it's like there's nothing I can
do I'm just trapped here I gave myself
two and a half hours yeah at 30 minutes
the airport all right I'm moving I'm
moving this movement is very positive
this is a major breakthrough and I'm
back in traffic it's moving it's moving
back in traffic but I'm very very close
to the airport here's the thing though
if I do get the airport in time I still
have to return this rental car so I'm
gonna go straight to the airport like
check and get my ticket drop my bags all
that stuff then return the rental car
this rental car could really screw
things up for me if I'm able to make it
all
any unknown person it did you ready
print up new text for your bags zero
okay this is also Sarah you got to do it
we're going to board 30 minutes before
okay well I got the tickets and bags
check now I got to get rid of this car
it's still there this might happen we
might make a poor occur
who's smoking pot at the airport's gas
drive out rental car return how you
doing good how you doing alright you
need a receipt no no no you're good
listen up
take care right you on twitter alright
I'll see you on Twitter right hold the
bus out the bus let the other bus ready
I'm just bus thank you later than the
bus
thank you okay I'm through security
I just want to apologize Wade earlier I
think I was going to make this flight
now I just freaked out and I'm sorry
goodbye thank you
I made it to Texas it's like 1:00 in the
morning I'm just waiting to get my my
boosted board I can't wait to see my
girls but I'm gonna end this right here
one suit makes me feel like a superhero
you realize it's easy yeah
