are you dropping come on man I need it
for YouTube
what does there's a doctor's office
across the way and these nurses are
looking at me see them in there do it
close the curtain this is making me
uncomfortable
I'm in San Francisco for a couple of
days for a bunch of business meetings
that's here with me too
whipping up these San Francisco Hills on
my way to the store right now before I
meet Matt I forgot something very
important in New York
interesting fact Wow we're going down a
hill on a boosted board and use the
brakes it recharges the battery all
these hills are just recharging me this
is Sam oh we need squares oh and I I'm
so sorry
oh my god let's walk in here I'll come
back in an hour
sorry
oops that is totally good
well now I'll have time to wait I gotta
go back though I should have checked to
see when they open before I skateboarded
down here check out I had them switch
turns nice there's no more creepy
voyeuristic nurses watching me with this
view
I'm on my way back the Apple Store
because they should be open now so I can
finally pick up my lookout seat this is
steep
i pre-ordered Thank You Apple I got it
I don't know how I forgot it but I can
promise you I will never forget it again
you know I wasn't it wasn't that I
wasn't psyched to come out here it was
just I was like anxious because I didn't
know what to expect out here I thought I
wasn't going to be productive Matt and I
are being super productive I'm glad I'm
out here just finished our second to
last meeting of the day went really uh
went really um was a super you feel like
we're being productive out here dudes
we're good it's been productive it's
been productive
yeah thank you
this isn't like I took this out of the
garbage I just I don't want to let this
go to waste but this is not my room
service cook eat somebody else's we're
young so earlier
seems to be live this is
this is the sky chorus I told you is
weird
this is like a prison work yard James
above us
evening snack options yeah taking to the
other fancy part of the lounge I don't
want to say your expectations too high
that has access I don't have access wow
that premium snacks this is impressive
get out of here you hang out no I'm
gonna go back tomorrow
this is the last mission of the day we
have a dinner meeting tonight at 5:30
it's 5:00 now we try and go buy some new
sneakers because these are all I brought
I don't know if I'm at the right place
at all I did not succeed in buying shoes
meeting Matt like 10 minutes for our
business dinner and then that's kind of
it that was day 1 in San Francisco here
this aspect that's the friends
