a quick message to the hoodlums the
degenerates
the criminals who deface the sidewalk in
front of my office
thank you how do you define friendship
friendship people that you can talk to
about anything yeah like who you enjoy
spending time with yeah just till you
enjoy yeah you know somebody that you
can trust I've been kind of sad the last
couple days oh and left me this morning
to go back to work Candice and the baby
they're on the other side of the planet
and me without my family is like a bird
who can't fly or a fish that can't swim
it just makes me sad I feel incomplete
so today's show episode 3 is going to be
about one thing and one thing only
friendship I've recruited my friend
Jerome to help me tell a story about
friendship yes what is what makes a good
friend loyalty being nice
inspiring and uplifting let's like throw
starting the day off right by getting a
milkshake now apparently this place has
the most absurdly ridiculous milkshakes
on planet Earth
again I'm okay absolutely not
is this the place of the crazy
milkshakes is it
I thought your biggest best milk cake
okay so see that line over there that's
the first line
you go around the corner that's the
second life get on the end of the line
five hours
is this a milkshake line yeah it goes
all the way around the corner
is this is this the milkshake one oh my
god you guys are mine for milkshakes oh
my god I want you this the milkshake way
just the back of the milkshake line
in your cock cage Willie walk on
steroids boys thanks a lot
drew you sure you don't what and sure
you want a pretzel drug no oh fuck there
look how accommodating a special
surprise for you
they don't let anybody go hungry here so
little rabbit food the bowl for you
enjoy to bless are you guys waiting for
milkshakes yeah
how long did you wait four and a half
dollars was it worth it yeah how many of
these do you sell a day we sell 500 a
day oh yeah how many Bulls a cow still
saving the planet one day certain
Central Park to Rome hey what makes a
good friend being loyal have been loyal
loyal to you
it is incredible here it's so alive it's
green it's vibrant
don't you guys love Central Park ready
ready
wow thank you
Pond oh man dick rowboat we've been in
this boat for like three minutes and
we've crashed it twice but the first
time was not our fault there's a lot of
traffic over there sorry girls we are on
a collision course right now oh sorry
just a near-miss right there that's like
the first iceberg on the Titanic it went
right by it
you
no Casey just getting inside room here
take me over here stepping off ready
I found it wrong
okay walk
there will be
I really don't want to fall in this
water I need a really long stick
friendship drill identical flies so his
drone got lost right here and he's
trying to say Justin I gotta throw still
beeping
no big deal
oh wow whoo good stuff thank you very
much I was like let's go talk to her see
if Oscar
seems totally fine
how did it get at all it was a drone now
it's just a wet piece of plastic that's
exactly what happened yeah these things
happen you know how do you like paddling
Mike being a good friend
you are being a good friend and you're
headed straight for that raha Casey what
do you think
what does friendship means to you
friendship means to me honestly I think
it's sort of one thing I think it's it's
easy to be someone's friend when times
are good when you're partying and having
fun but when life sucks
when you're at your lowest that's when
you find out when your real friends are
like right now my friend Jerome was at
his lowest he didn't want to row this
boat and I stepped up and I rode the
boat for him that is friendship from
how do you how do you define friendship
shermian care gather yes back and Trust
yeah we sharing I wash your balls every
day all right I don't know what happened
we stopped to take some pretty pictures
and meet some friends and like freezing
out now
he has on to down parkas so we're going
back downtown Central Park it's been a
real don't forget your bike I will later
drum thanks buddy me whatever you're a
good friend rum
who are you
