this guy loves it
the shortage of crazies in this town oh
yeah sorry Snoopy you can't go with us
dogs aren't allowed on the school bus
woof
you
today's Sunday I'm never in the city on
Sundays it's my favorite day to be in
the city it's my favorite day to be in
the office because no one else around
you can get stuff done
busy morning very full day today I've
got a lot to take care of before I go
I'm leaving town later today I have a
bunch of really uninteresting things to
do before I go and this is one of those
trips where I don't know what I'll be
back maybe later this week maybe next
week I don't entirely know where I'm
going
pretty sure California maybe Texas maybe
New Orleans and it's at a time when I
really just want to be here I just want
to be in this office I want to be
renovating this place I've been making
tremendous progress with the studio
renovations with the exception of this
room no joke it just looks like somebody
tried to rob me back here there's just
stuff everywhere it's total chaos I
can't find anything I don't know where
anything is but this is the part of the
renovation that I really wanted to save
until last and today's travel most
definitely means I will not be tackling
that this week
now
one of my favorite things to do favorite
things in life to do is on a nice day
like today just get out my skateboarder
on my bike and race around the city it's
something that if I don't force myself
to do I never like enjoy this city it's
just like work home work home so days
like today are precious
so I'm just going to JFK Airport I'll
confront the problem thank you you're
welcome
you will notice that I am not at the
American Airlines terminal that was not
an accident I got to tell you all about
it I came over
thank you very much sir how you do take
care now have you ever like totally been
smitten completely in love with like a
boyfriend or a girlfriend and then you
like completely like the timer you tell
all your friends how wonderful they are
and then out of nowhere for seemingly no
reason they're like hey I don't like you
anymore
and you're like but I already told
everybody I love you that pretty much
explains my relationship with American
Airlines they got in touch with me a
couple years ago and they're like hey we
appreciate all the nice things you say
about us how much you fly in our
Airlines and we'd love to give you this
high status level it's not like I don't
burn it
last year I flew the equivalent around
the planet five times and with like very
few exceptions I didn't get on a plane
unless it was in
and when I emailed them and I explained
this them and I was like and I say the
nicest things about I tell everybody I
like walk all the time about how much I
love American Airlines they're like
we're sorry you just don't spend enough
money with us see I thought naively that
American Airlines is a real company with
like a soul in a heart they're just
another money-hungry corporation see I
don't really vote for that many
companies just ones I really liked like
boosted wars said a lot of good things
like I've out for them a million times
over and then they take it away from so
I'm flying JetBlue today trying out some
new airlines if you have any airlines
that you really like please let me know
below if you have any horror stories
share that below love to hear them in
the meantime breakups are hard but my
heart will heal breaking up is hard to
do take y'all
when you fly for JetBlue yes I do I just
do this whole diatribe about how I'm
breaking up with American Airlines and I
need a new airline that's my favorite
airline well you seem like a nice guy my
kids adore you so good your dad made me
do this but he seems like a really nice
guy and I'm sorry I'm not flying today
thanks to don't you leave my heart and
misery if you go then I'll be blue comes
break it up is hard to do welcome aboard
thank you very much sliding into
something a little more comfortable here
but flight
understand American Airlines did I do
something wrong
did I not say enough good things how do
don't be
anyway
they're inviting us to prepare for rifle
goodbye thank you very much
that wasn't about fun although I like
yeah so as I'm riding here after an easy
six hour flight
Candice is taxi me she's just about to
get on a plane in South Africa to do a
28 or 32 hour flight poor girl
for the keys there's a woman who is just
smiling at me either she's a really big
fan out walking around the streets of
San Francisco at 2:00 in the morning or
she was a prostitute checking in you
will take any one of the elevator
all right that's it it's 3:30 in the
morning I'm going to bed it smells like
a taxicab air freshener in here
