so there was a terrorist attack in New
York City about three blocks from my
apartment the whole situation left me a
little bit shook so I thought I'd make
so I thought to make a youtube video
just kind of share like what my day look
like and I filmed some of in any event
here's what happened first that the
location where the whole thing took
place is literally like it's right where
I live
additionally it was on Halloween and the
morning of Halloween Francine had her
her preschool party so Ken and I were at
the preschool with her it was a half day
so we had taken her home and left her
with the babysitter that morning so
she'd normally be in school when the
when the attack occurred but she was
home I was sitting in the office and I
got a phone call from one of the guys I
work with at CNN it was just like hey we
just got a report of some sort of attack
in your neighborhood check on your
family and I like I called the
babysitter she didn't answer I totally
freaked out and raced home turns out
that the baby was asleep she's like
vacuuming or something and she didn't
hear the phone family's fine
everything's fine but let me get into
this some of the details of the day
first of all it was Halloween Halloween
is like one of my favorite days in New
York City it's one of those days where
the whole city kind of gets excited
around the same thing and that thing is
like grown men and women dressing up in
goofy outfits Halloween is my favorite
holiday
it's a wonderful day so much so that I
even like started shooting a vlog that
was going to be my Halloween vlog and
let me show you I think I maybe I
probably shot a minute or so but this
would have been the vlog for the day
Halloween Halloween is one of the
greatest days to be in New York City for
whatever reason New Yorkers take the
holiday very very seriously I like your
glasses
the werewolf happy Halloween are you
cold
skeleton so after that shot I like sat
down and started doing emails then I got
the phone call called the babysitter she
didn't answer or freaked out ran down
there I have another camera on me and I
recorded sort of what I saw
now this part bothered me a little bit
and I say this carefully because NYPD a
huge fan of the NYPD absolute heroes
extra love to officer Ryan Nash who is
the the cop who actually took down the
bad guy
thank you but in this moment right here
I was like panicking and they had the
road blocked and I went to go around the
corner and an officer stopped me and I
said to him I'm going to check out my
family and he said to me and this stuck
with me ifs I can't really I don't
really understand he said to me your
family's fine no one was injured but the
perp purpose and perpetrator the bad guy
she was like 50 feet from where the
incident took place at more than I don't
want to dwell on it I would give that
officer the benefit of the doubt maybe
he was misinformed but at that moment I
took him at his word and I just when he
said nobody was hurt okay so I'm
standing right there and I'm smoking sir
I'm just getting ready to go into class
and all you hear is like four to five
gunshots to hear after that and I'm
trying to figure out because everybody
starts running and I'm trying to think
to myself like maybe it's not you know a
like everybody's overreacting but then
you see like a cop's like undercover
cops running this way then you see all
the cops going that way and it only took
like five seconds and there was a guy
who actually got the video and I think
he was trying to talk to the news
snapple it and there was a machine who
he was sitting right there it was a
whole it was a guy in the Home Depot
truck he crashes the two people in the
bike lane apparently and then he got out
the cop said no it was her well that's
not it that's not what I heard from them
you could talk to somebody over there
and that's not what I heard from that
but apparently and he got this video of
a guy with the gun in his hand
apparently there were two guns
freedom the other side get a mat again
let's go go Allen Street terrible
situation eight people killed 12 people
injured just a absolutely horrific
progressive where it happened where in
the world but the fact that it was so
close to home on that that bike path is
where like every one of these vlog
starts it's like me and my skateboard
going up that bike path every run time I
run in the vlog I'm running on that bike
path every day seven days a week
Francine and her stroller up that hat
seven days a week that's where we live
it was very this one was particularly
scary for me check down the baby
everything's fine baby's fine
babysitters fine I'm going back to the
office was scary situation my god
we go back the office get my stuff and
then go back home but you know I fucking
love New York City and I love New York
City in a way that is like indescribable
to people who don't also love New York
City I have like I'm obsessed with this
town this town is the main character in
every video that I make and one of the
one of the main reasons is like a few
hours after this attack took place the
city proceeded with the Halloween parade
where there was like I have no idea
thousands tens of thousands of people
and spectators and people in costumes
and parade floats and all that stuff
just us out celebrating just to
celebrate and tell us about the city's
decision to allow the Greenwich Village
Halloween parade to go forward tonight
what's it like like when the city has to
make a decision like that well look I I
don't envy the mayor the governor for
having to make that tough of the
decision but I got to tell you I didn't
for one second think we were canceling
the parade nor did I think the mayor the
governor really thought that for one
second if you cancel the parade when
something like this happens you sent a
message to the terrorists that we've
surrendered that we've let go of our way
of life and they control it we're never
gonna do that in New York never the
denizens of New York City were like a
terrorist fuck you I want to have a
great night and enjoy this city and
enjoy the people of this city and you
and your cowardly attack on innocent
people will not hinder that and that's
why I love New York City I was asked
that day like does this make you think
about leaving the city does this make
you want to leave the city somewhere
where this might have not have happened
and my answer is
abso-fucking-lutely nah I moved to this
city you know three months before the
September 11th terrorist attack I lived
a half a block beneath the World Trade
Centers when they found was knocked off
of my bicycle trying to pedal away from
the World Trade Centers as the second
plane hit the debris it was I was there
like my where I lived was destroyed I
was in this city in 2003 when there was
the blackout I was here in 2012 when
half the city was under water from
Hurricane sandy I was here when Sully
land a plane in the the East River I
will I will leave this city and I will
take my family with me at some point in
time but it sure as shit won't be
because some some chickenshit coward
terrorists on a mission to harm innocent
people you know committed just a
horrific atrocity here that's not why I
would leave that fuckwad doesn't
intimidate me his actions don't
intimidate me people like him don't
intimidate me or change the way I feel
about this city at all so whenever
there's a whenever something like this
happens whether it's the events in Las
Vegas several weeks ago or Boston a few
years ago you know people say Boston
strong or Vegas strong or New York City
strong and I think that means different
things but when I here in New York City
strong I think of that kind of
resilience because I in order at the
office today I went literally directly
past where the where the attack took
place and I saw scores of women pushing
their children in strollers I literally
saw one NYPD police officer bending down
like this giving like candy to a little
kid in the stroller and giving
high-fives this is my home and this is
my home because of that because of that
resilience and that warmth and the
amazing community that the 20 million
people that live here are and I'm not
going to let and I would never let I
would never let something like that
change how I feel about a place like
no fucking way okay that's it I just
wanted to share that with you yeah I
mean I'm still a little bit like wow
guys what a total absolute coward again
Bravo TM YP D for taking care of
business and stopping it and of course
absolute condolences to those who often
lost their lives and were injured in the
families of those people okay
I'll probably go back to posting a
normal video tomorrow but I wanted to
share those thoughts of you
