so I've decided starting today my 34th
birthday I'm going to make a movie every
day that I would do every day for a year
those are the movers it's actually
happening today is a huge deal for three
reasons
let me pull them apart number one today
is my 35th birthday 35 that is insane
I'm 35 years old
number two it's a big deal because I'm
moving today I'm number three
today is one year of volume
let's work backwards let's talk about
one year of vlogging before I started
vlogging at a YouTube channel for five
years and in those five years I had a
whole bunch of huge viral hits movies
that got like 15 16 million views but my
subscriber growth was anemic the channel
growth is anemic flat like that five
years 500 thousand subscribers then I
started uploading daily and in five
months I had 500,000 more subscribers
that's 1 million subscribers five years
for the first 500,000 five months for
the second 500,000 so I kept uploading
and two months later I had another half
a million subscribers now here I am one
year after doing daily uploads and I've
got two and a half million subscribers
YouTube isn't Hollywood I'm not Stanley
Kubrick you can't succeed here if you're
uploading once a month if you want to
succeed here you've got to show up for
work every single day that that took me
five years to learn
I didn't start daily vlogging to grow my
YouTube channel I did it as a way to
kill all of those excuses I used that
kept me from making more movies because
at every single inflection point in my
life doing the work has always been the
thing has always been the catalyst that
took me from where I am to where I want
it to be oh my god oh my god one two
three
jeez oh my gosh - what's up guys thank
you thank you guys on March 25th 2016 I
turned 35 years old I can no longer
enlist in the US Marine Corps but I
can't run for president and let's be
clear about one thing
35 is being oldish don't listen any of
that book about I don't feel my age or I
feel like I'm a teenager no way yes I
can do a standing backflip yes I can
cross the street walking on my hands and
I can run a marathon before my morning
coffee but I am old and I feel old the
physical aspect of aging aside I want to
tell you a story my first job in New
York was as a bike messenger my second
job in New York was working for this guy
who was like a big deal and the first
time I ever went out I ever went out in
this city was to his 35th birthday and
you have to understand I was like this
20 year old loser
I literally was washing dishes like two
months earlier and now I'm at this like
big to do birthday party and there were
like insanely beautiful women there and
all the dudes were dressed really well
and everybody was getting drunk and I
felt way out of place I just remember I
remember looking at my boss feeling tiny
and thinking when I'm his age I want to
be as big of a deal as he is now I gave
up on that years ago
you should never compare yourself to
other people in life but I do remember
that feeling of standing at the bottom
of a huge mountain staring up and it
feeling seemingly impossible to get to
where I wanted to go and in the last 15
years I've learned it's not but it takes
a lot of work and a long time so hey
Casey this is Xavier Anderson um
regulations on your 365th day Mike hell
yeah
thank Savior you got it getting a new
apartment in New York City is a huge
deal to understand this I gotta tell you
the whole story
before I moved to New York City I was
living like two hours away from the city
and I would come in to like make videos
with my brother and then I get back on
the training of back this is my first
apartment it didn't matter what the
apartment was just the idea of having a
place to lay my head down
in New York City was the hugest deal for
me it wasn't really much of an apartment
that door all the way in there that door
all in the back
that was my first apartment it's not
even fair to call this my first
apartment this is a three month sublet
somebody else's apartment I got to stay
in for three months and this sublet was
a studio apartment a 200 square foot
studio apartment here's the door you
could fit one queen-size bed in there
no bedrooms or anything and then here
was the toilet here was the shower
but it was this 200 square foot studio
apartment converted to a two-bedroom so
here was my bedroom here was a total
strangers better than I live with this
bedroom was so small I had a futon in
there that I couldn't lay flat I had to
sleep on it in the couch position
because the room was too small to lay it
flat when that three-month sublet was up
and moved on to a friend's couch in this
building right here that was September 1
2001 ten days later
terrorists attacked the World Trade
Centers that were right here now it's
hard to tell but this building is one
and a half blocks from the World Trade
Center and when that attack happened
this apartment was destroyed everything
was wrecked
that's a World Trade Center right there
burning that's that's 20 year old Casey
scared out of his mind riding my bike up
the Westside Highway to get away from
get away from the towers to get my stuff
back I did dress up like a construction
worker go past all the security go past
Ground Zero which is just a smoldering
pile on September 12 and break into my
own apartment to get back all of my
things and then I like after that I
legit had nowhere to stay that was I had
no home so I moved in with my brother
van and his girlfriend they lived in
this apartment here and I slept on their
hardwood floor for a while they lived in
the top floor and there was no elevator
but I would go up and down these steps
because this place right here at great
pizza then I bribed my way into a place
uptown
it was way uptown it was all I can
afford it was a SRO that stands for
single room occupancy what that meant a
12 foot by 12 foot room with no bathroom
and no kitchen the bathroom was down the
hall and you shared it with the entire
floor now this is all I could afford but
it was it was mine it was the dichotomy
of that place the fact that I had a
place that was mine but was the worst
living situation I could have so I was
dying to get out dying to move to a
better place but unlike the three-month
sublet there was nobody kicking me out
I could have conceivably stayed there
forever the hardest part of living in
that SRO was Owen he was like a little
baby at the time and when he would wake
up in the middle of the night and have
to go to the bathroom I don't have to
wake up with him and hold his hand and
walk down the hallway and hope that
there was no stranger in the bathroom or
that it wasn't a mess so he could go to
the bathroom and then walk him back see
my first five six
most people's first years in the city
you don't live in the city you just
survive in the city
and that was my situation I've actually
I left there and then I moved in with
some friends then I moved into a tiny
apartment than a slightly bigger
apartment than a slightly bigger
apartment I've literally moved every two
years for the last 15 years the movers
are on lunch break I'm gonna have a
quick peek that's kind of sad I remember
when we first brought the crib into this
room it's really happening and this
absolutely wonderful apartment that we
live in now it's Candace's apartment she
picked it out she got it she designed it
this is her apartment but the new place
the new place is my apartment I picked
it out it's my name in the lease I'm
providing my family with this apartment
that's a huge deal I'm no longer that 20
year old kid looking at his boss saying
someday my focus is laser set on the
future I'm not looking back all I see
are bigger scarier mountains that I will
climb and stop at nothing to get to the
top of
total moving crisis right now the movers
were supposed to be out of the old place
by noon moving into the new place by one
and be done at the new place by 6:00
that Marlin oh I mean and there's
supposed to be done at the new place by
6 o'clock they just left the old place
and at 6:30 so I don't even know if
they're gonna let them move into the new
place because it's so late and like
they've got everything from my underwear
to my mattress to my pillow
that's your bed you're gonna be sleeping
in the hall tonight great these movers
are never gonna be finished but there
were that plastic wrap oh and I are
going to the movies fact that we want to
but just because we have nowhere else to
go we're seeing 10 overview we saw 10
Cloverfield Lane do you like it yeah it
was so good but it's now ridiculously
late they're still not done with the
apartment I don't know what to do that's
sad but we know sorry you have to sleep
on the floor we're out of that for you
yet again soon night-night
you're our dough bugs just to my hand
