check this out ready that handsome man
is not me but that is me I don't know
what any of this says he gives us in
German cool right
where he is
this is why I run alone
areas there's a little bastard now
you're late I have an admission I tried
to put this in yesterday's vlog but it
was like it really wrecked the momentum
of the scene I crashed the Phantom 4
yesterday now it could not have been
more my fault literally 100% my fault
I'm trying to get the shot I was
skidding along the pier and then the
drone was going like in parallel with me
and I crashed into a boat like a park
big old like stupid boat not like a boat
with somebody in it that was like
important or anything
if it crashed right there
this is the drone controller and this is
how you control the drone most important
detail it takes two hands to control the
drone always this is the boosted board
controller you've got to hold down the
safety and then hit the accelerator this
is a minimum three handed operation and
yesterday I was trying to do it with
only two hands I do aspire to be the
world's greatest I have to aspire to be
the world's greatest drone operator
while flying boosted board operator but
until then I'm not do know that I got
all those amazing shots by myself while
riding the boosted board including this
majestic shot that's all there will
continue to be drone cinematography in
this vlog I will work to get better and
I will do everything I can not to crash
this thing mail time
thank you for the 25 pack of gummy bears
just what I needed
TC thank you for inspiring all of us at
new height apparel please enjoy the
candy I know there's a vlog where I say
I love candy I mean I know I say I love
candy in all the vlogs but but did you
not see all those times of the dentist
where they're like yanking teeth out of
my head thank you for all of this candy
Casey we hope you enjoy our wrinkle free
perfect as well as our socks
thank you whoa nice sauce dear Casey I'm
Logan I like the style of your videos I
know it's not QA but I'll ask you a
couple of Q's okay Logan what's your
favorite that is so loud what's your
favorite place movie in camera place New
York City movie the life and death of
Colonel blimp camera I'm not sure
probably my cell phone thanks for all
this random stuff Logan I don't even
know what to do with this
ducation my name is London and I live in
not but not out this noise so sorry
about this noise
punishing it's like a parody of what New
York City sounds like duties my name is
London and I live in Nashville because
of you I've got a boosted board nice
well London thanks for the sweet
t-shirts this cat looks just like me gtz
my best friend in the whole wide world
aaron is turning 17 on march 19th i was
hoping you give him a happy birthday
ooh March 19th was like a week ago
Lindsay I really appreciate this Nutella
and I'm not gonna be sending it back but
I'm not going to be able to wish Aaron
Grove a happy birthday on March 19th
unless you want me to wait till next
year you don't need duct tape to pack a
box ghetto Appa Lee I don't think that
there was a letter in that package to
say I'm trying to leave this package for
you in Los Angeles with the concierge
something they did not have a case you
nice that as a registered guest hmm
pretty awesome crest pretty awesome last
package
dear Casey I noticed Francine squinting
in one of her episodes I thought she'd
like a set of glasses like her father
Thank You Jared and Jared I don't mean
to sound ungrateful
I appreciate the glasses but maybe but
maybe all that packaging wasn't like
100% necessary because now I have to
clean this up and it was just a pair of
like plastic sunglasses so I think that
would have been fine and just like a
regular envelope firstly thank you for
all that stuff
I love mail time I love this stuff that
gets sent to me my little brother they
got from this morning's run you're late
he just spends renovations or something
like that in his apartment I'm gonna go
check it out he got this apartment like
six eight months ago I haven't seen it
yet I'm a bad brother I should say
though I highly doubt he's gonna let me
film for this vlog in his apartment
the first thing you helping me out of
the windows don't film my house but we
got to root out by the drug you got it
yeah whoa look at you and now a
gratuitous drone sequence
Dean and I are now venturing from his
apartment on the east side to my new
apartment on the west side and we'll get
some food maybe we'll get some coffee
maybe we'll get some ice cream I don't
really know what might happen this
afternoon but this is like the first
real spring day in New York City and we
are taking full living room just step
over there
I made the green light Dean didn't lose
the gourd one bicycles here
but let's melted oh my god
very well these kids are ice skating
it's like 75 degrees out right now
mainly that was a fun little spring
afternoon New York City outing back to
the officer quickly
I might go to this thing tonight it's
like a social remember that guy Roy he's
in some of the vlogs like Candace's
friends my friend we got to dinner with
him sometimes she's been working for a
company called Juicy Couture and they're
having this party tonight just look at
this invitation
Behati Juicy Couture Black Label now I'm
not one for socializing but I really
like Roy and come on that invite I think
this is where I'm going
the security men trying to take away my
camera she's like are you pressing I was
like no I'm not impressed and he's like
you have to check that and I was like
well then I impress and then I just kept
the camera haughty and juicy Apfel
collection event
launching my life to get to our you know
I'm like a pretty normal guy now when it
comes to social events and socializing
in general I'm pretty good but in
parties and situations like now it's
like crowded and loud music and I just
freaked out thank you really for having
me it was an awesome event and
congratulations for hot today a new
fashion line
it seemed awesome very nice to meet you
all right I'm going home
also I just realized this is my last
night in this apartment ever that is the
saddest thing
