oh man I miss you guys hold up hi just a
super quick message before today's vlog
begins I woke up this morning to the
news of the horrible terrorist attacks
in Brussels
just like I woke up a week ago to the
news of the terrorist attacks in
Istanbul and the week before that the
attacks in the Ivory Coast I have had
the unfortunate opportunity of
experiencing a terrorist attack here in
New York City in 2001 and when that
happened just like when I heard the news
of this morning my initial reaction is I
have to do something and I think that's
just empathy and I can't imagine I'm
alone in that sentiment after thinking
about it for 15 years my feeling is this
react by doing whatever it is you're the
best at what do you do that makes the
world a better place what do you do that
helps move the needle just a little bit
no matter how little it is smiling at
somebody walk by say hello to a stranger
everything helps move that needle in the
right direction
to the people of Brussels and anyone
that's been impacted by these horrible
attacks anywhere around the world my
thoughts are with you okay now back to
the regularly scheduled vlog
when was the last time I had a good
old-fashioned New York City running this
vlog
I literally dropped this phone every
time I set it up to take a picture of
myself running hmm alright that's the
run that felt great that felt really
really cold yesterday was the first
thing II see this monitor right here
this monitor shows what's on the other
side of this door it's a fine monitor
but it's a little bit small this is my
new door monitor and this is how big it
is it's free it's you so I feel like I
just had to share with you also check
out the new red box location studio is
really coming along it's so deep
what could possibly be in that hole
girls I know it hurts - oh God
- here seems good would you ever live in
another country yes Candace I are
talking about spending half of our time
in South Africa and the other half here
in New York sometime in the next couple
years did you play any sports in high
school yeah I played lacrosse has anyone
ever told you you can't make a living by
filming stuff yes and that's a great
question Jack before I moved to New York
City and I used to talk about my dream
of being a filmmaker I got a lot of
discouragement a lot of people said that
that's a fun thing to do but you'll
never turn into a living and then I
needed to get a real job easy it would
be Arabic Mandarin and English
appropriate question what's my favorite
place to travel Cape Town I mean come on
watch the vlogs in the last couple days
here's kind of a deep question how hard
is it to balance real life emotional
goodbyes and vlog life goodbyes does the
vlog get in the way this is true for
anything that's like important real life
and the blog the vlog is always in
Africa I say goodbye - I give her a kiss
I say goodbye and then as I'm leaving I
like quickly grab the camera I like
yelled goodbye and she yells goodbye and
then I've got like that punctuation work
for the vlog know that like if you're
seeing this much emotion in the vlog
that behind that is like a lot of real
life stuff that I choose to lead out
can you ever go out now without being
noticed no I was recognized in Cuba like
I was recognized in Panama South Africa
all over the place I think the magic of
YouTube is that it is a global
distribution outlet so everybody all
over the world gets to see this stuff
that's why I love YouTube
Alli asks how often do you see a place
and think to yourself damn I wish I
lived there I never New York City is
exactly where I want to be all the time
with that I'm going to end the Q&A I
many of the Q&A because after you get
the keys for our new apartment
Candace and I are moving and today's the
day I get the keys tomorrow's a day with
like the movers and all that stuff so
very very very very very excited
this is ready department pretty excited
about it will feel more like home when
we have some furniture in here and a
baby in Candis and Owen three minutes
and 48 seconds to get from the new
apartment to the office that's like four
times my current commute with a sign of
a commute not bad at all
the bulletproof glass
while this is totally awesome
world's greatest people
my homies are doing a movie screening
tonight in Midtown so I'm headed to
Times Square
times where it's good to see you you
know I live in New York City I never
come up here
there is little juice left out of juice
all right I just arrived there are like
thousand people outside in line for this
thing
let's help yours
hey guys mr. Basch thank you
we're gonna slip is the movie out yet
April 1st this is exclusive fan
premieres oh man this is so exciting
tonight we did you see this is our
second show oh you're feeling good about
tonight yeah man yeah I feel great so
this is a pre-release screening of
Romans new movie do you have easy with
the photo bombs oh I have like a Romans
ooh movie you think what else do I need
to say are you why are you reading the
script for why can I drink this is the
teleprompter right here so I know what
to say
best of luck to you guys you did I want
you to film like all the moms walking
out yeah how do you handle that when you
know when we started this movie I had to
rated our audience I got a lot of
families here tonight that may be a
little shot we're gonna have a quick
peek at the audience
oh my god this is it Roman this is it
this is the fun part man this is this is
two years worth of work that we're
walking out into so it feels good
Congrats Vitaly Roman deadness on the
movie thank you for having me I'm
sneaking out of here now because I have
to skateboard all the way on except
Jordan Davis 14 Jason's the cabinet oho
on off right
no final automatic I switch seats and
now I have this whole little like fort
here this is all mine today both seats
