why would you
just knocked over an entire flowerpot
worth of water onto the table with all
of my electronics on it look at this
stuff's all soaked I think we're going
to go to the museum now it's cloudy out
today
I forgot the blades I took it apart I
put it in my backpack
i spilt the plant water all over
everything and I didn't bring the drop
of blades how do I forget
helicopter blades some of them so
excited father turn on so excited to fly
my drone I set it up and I forgot all
the blades because I was rushing out of
the house this way I knocked over that
plant and all the water flooded all of
my electronics the plant on the table we
used to have Tolson we don't look
tortoises now
that's everything you want to say
just say something funny so I can so so
people will think say nice things about
you in the blog everybody always says
smile yeah
see Kenneth always loves the trouble is
this is what she looks like when she
smiles it's not super pretty so we
prefer her just to look like this like
normal Candace I'm not kidding Candace
talked about getting a facelift and I
told her this is what she would look
like if she didn't talk about getting a
facelift
you said Botox oh no I said I wanted to
get this so please filled in alone don't
do that
Candace and her mom and her aunt and
they went shopping at the mall I came
home I explained them I had to work I
didn't have to work my friend Nick is on
his way here to get me here I are going
to go on a little hike whole nature hike
our plan was to hike up by lions head
but it's currently consumed by a
gigantic cloud see how you can't see it
into those clouds yeah well that's where
that's where we wanted to go this has
got to be Han where the hell did you
guys go I think we took a detour via
Madagascar and then we're going up lions
head here normally I run up this but
Nick Nick stretchy over here is injured
so we're gonna walk today cuz I've got a
backpack on some running probably
would've been tricky anyway what's wrong
with your knee a ligament issue at the
moment we're moving here Nick is uh
totally fine okay that crazy cloud they
pointed out from the house we are now
above that cloud clear as can be up here
house is uh somewhere in there just
checking in on the knee yeah it's all
good
good luck guys you're lucky here hi yeah
putting my camera down and coming back
to get it is a huge bin yeah fuck this
mountain of hearts just like like quick
behind-the-scenes shot yeah yeah that
was the behind the scene shot and outs
in the main breaker
ready all right whenever you're on a
vlog you feel like you have to perform
you can't just be like yeah ready you've
like I was born right what is it I need
you to perform whoa the clouds have
moved in we did not get to the top we
will go to the top but we didn't get
there now we're going down oh god Nick
here is the fan of photography and he
saw the clouds and some something he's
making us climb down to get some
beautiful picture just the magic in my
heart that you thought of ringing and I
want to go down so we're going down
I just want to apologize for the regular
viewers of this vlog this we can be very
drone heavy because I just got this
thing and until I crash it into a body
of water there's gonna be a lot of
droning in the vlog right hey are you
hiding are you talking with a beer in
your hand no this is coke that's it
who Nader you're here oh man I feel like
an old man this is not a tough line by
the way they're usually like children up
here
those kids II pass will be up here
we are such a heuristic when you tell
this is like the most tranquil nature I
could get up it's silent and we have
like a bunch of older people yell at us
about how noisiest thing is it is
literally like a flying lawn it's so
thanks for ruining our nature horse
telling me any first thing I asked you
guys like listen what's your budget you
can tell me what you want dollars you're
gonna say no you're ripping me I first
tell you what I want okay so he wants a
two carat emerald cuts to have to be
nice quality because they're clear it's
a great budget but not for a two carat
stone what do you do are you this is so
boring for anybody to hear I'm even
stopping myself from farming that
recording right of the Maasai I didn't
know you were gonna tell a story I was
gonna do like a little bit like brought
away to the water fuck for dinner now
this is a South African tow truck right
here this is how tow trucks worked in
South Africa you see the rope yeah not
even a rope it's like it's a bunch of
belts strung together
we're at the mall to have dinner look
how cute those bars I bought them house
oh I knocked those over this morning
spilled them all over my electronics how
do you look happy
we just finished dinner look at this
space
no not that face look at that face look
at that Fang Janice's mom wants to be in
the vlog she paid for dinner so
thanks Jude that's Candace is on right
right there there can you talk to your
daughter about wanting her to be on the
vlog more that face it's very hard to
tell them apart one is bigger I like
five inches but besides that look at
that from behind it's uncanny do you
want this
do you want this Nick ate the rest of my
dinner he a dress of Candice's mother's
dinner he throw some Candice's benek me
so to Mary she looks amazing you are a
terrible driver
I'm so much better than you are how good
I am
it's perfect car for my size you can do
it
kid
it's 11 o'clock at night we just got
home we left the baby with a sitter and
the baby is still wide awake you should
bring it back okay oh Sh
we lost it Casey return to home yes
just say yes weak signal aircraft
disconnected
why is it oh I am literally the world's
worst round pilot oh there it is it's
Kovac it's good here
