about 95 degrees outside but I'm wearing
a sweater that I'm sweating through like
a and because I neglected to bring any
t-shirts not one
I brought 14 pair of underwear and zero
shirt South Africa is a special place
for us Candice was born here her
family's all here parents are South
African this house were in this house is
built by Candace's grandfather Kenneth I
were married here in Cape Town romantic
story I didn't actually like fall in
love with Candice until I came to South
Africa with her she's like a different
person down here so we try to come here
once a year to see family and just to be
here and then the bummer this time is
that I'm only here for a couple of days
Candice is staying for a few weeks but I
have to get back and get to work so I'm
going to make every minute count
all right this is it this will be the
maiden voyage of the DJI phantom 4 drone
for those of you not in the know this is
like the latest and greatest in drone
technology this thing is even on the
market yet
it basically is supposed to fly itself
which sounds perfect forgot I forgot
something
gotta set it up I probably should have
done this before I came outside
yeah
come luck I look on my screen this point
where it goes it goes okay
it has this mode that I saw like a
three-year-old could use it you just
push the button where you want it to go
and it goes there so I'm sending it the
tippity-top of lions head that big
mountain right there how far does it I
don't know he's gonna you're gonna get
stuck into is it rubber a civil Floyd
altitude reached uh-uh we're in trouble
now
reapz redirected okay let me turn around
home livers are that that brings it home
hi oh yeah how you doing oh I'll bring
the camera over here our feet are on Wow
how can I kill it that far away from us
wow this is even hotter honey I'm
worried it's not gonna come back I got
it going real far look beach you should
bring it back okay oh we lost it Casey
return to home yes just say yes weak
signal aircraft disconnected why does it
oh I am literally the world's worst
round pilot
oh there it is let's go back it's good
here
the South African women are using my
drone footage to spy on their neighbors
oh my god
we're going out as a family to get some
food I just feel like it'd be super
irresponsible to not bring the leaving
the family here at dinner I was trying
to have a nice dinner with the family
but look at this light on the beach
behind me the sun's about to set and I
know that brand-new drones in the trunk
of the car
doesn't have a roof on it a couple of
quick things
it's 6:00 p.m. right now I got the plane
and like passed out this afternoon
neglected to shoot anything meaningful
for this vlog so this vlog is going to
be dedicated entirely to a comprehensive
review of this early release
first edition DJI not actually a
comprehensive review except when we had
it for a couple of hours but my very
best effort I don't know what South
African laws are around drone flight I
mean I'm sure it's fine here we go
ha
that's good work bliss right not to
thank you you see this oh yeah that's me
that is amazing
Oh low-power it's here
yeah
this evening now we see you
it's cool right bye guys take care I
choose my friends you take care
one quick on advertised feature of the
Phantom 4 is should you find yourself in
the southernmost tip of Africa it's a
great way to make friends there's that
Lambo yeah today's vlog is going to be a
review of this what's your review June
not reviews is the most incredible
technology I've ever seen
what do you think auntie Avril it is
amazing it's like sweetie - because I
don't care I've know I've know you don't
have to say nice things
no it's amazing it's totally and they're
credible what about you Eddie it it is
amazing well the surfers I'm in the
garage because this is the only place
where I can talk without wait yep the
baby
my conclusive review conclusively
concluded that this thing is awesome I
read like 10 other reviews I found
online so if you have any other
technical quest
so if you give it about the technical
stuff just google it I'm not going to
get into that there was one glaring
omission from every review I read and
this is the feature that is the single
greatest feature of this drone this is
the most important bestest feature of
the Phantom 4 that that's that's feature
to take the blades off you just twist
and pull and they pop right off and what
that means is this gigantic growth which
was a huge pain in the ass to travel
with all of a sudden out is tiny and fit
into my small backpack which means I no
longer have to use that crappy drone I
can now take the good room because they
figure out how to make these things come
off without all that twisting and tools
at all
so I'm like I'm in hazel I'm in meters
does it cool
I don't know I just gotta think today I
have no idea how to use it
