I'll use you as my thumbnail - should
never be like this yeah that's pretty
good
today's episode is about two things
first a viral video then headphones what
does the viral video have to do with
headphones absolutely nothing
so after months of planning days of
shooting many hours of editing today the
day that we release it they say we click
like make public what's up buddy
you look tired tired dude how do you
think the video came out Oh dark in here
you got this view behind you in the
windows closed yes it's so night okay I
haven't seen the actual movie you know I
haven't seen the cut yet this is me
seeing it for the first time right now
well we're gonna watch it but I promise
Carmela's you already watch it okay well
you sit down Casey I watch this okay
this is me seeing it for the first time
good what you just died the famous
Carmela would you think you did a great
job as Princess Leia Jessie you make a
great Luke yeah an ugly one use that
it's up and I'm going to bed
yeah it doesn't look very loud okay so
the videos were just sent alive that's
the most satisfying thing because when
you click the publish button
it means it's done just to define what
viral is viral for me help me with this
definition Jessie it's when it does like
significantly more views than what a
typical video does right if like a news
Twitter shares it and there's on the
news and then it's then it's like on the
trend the page and then it's on Reddit
and then it's like everywhere Google
doesn't put me on the training page
anymore Jessie
all right go to bed bro I love y'all
nice Portuguese who did it later so
what'd you really think this video
there's this guy his name's Peter and he
made like what I would describe is maybe
the greatest Casey Neistat vlog troll
ever he made an entire movie which is
just him making fun of me but it's
really good listen to when I run right
now I'm listening to my inner voice
telling me to stop with any kind of
physical activity
oh I'll link it below but it's it's
pretty good he did a pretty great job
making fun of me in any event this guy's
from I believe Eastern Europe I think
Czech Republic and ah well he's actually
he's outside my studio right now
I guess he came here all the way from
Eastern Europe to do some something with
me which I don't recommend doing if
you're thinking of traveling to New York
to see me don't do that I have a family
and stuff and I'm not but I have a
minute right now and he did make this in
a fun of me out of boosted board he made
this very thorough movie making fun of
me and I feel like the least I could do
is go hang out with the guy
are you cold I'm very cold but that's
the sacrifice do you need a sweatshirt
no no no I'm good I'll get him I'm gonna
put you in my vlog okay perfect we're
trying to look we kind of look alike you
know what exactly are we doing here
we're doing the impossible day off Casey
nice step to the parody that you shared
because so what does that entail I don't
entirely understand what we're doing but
he's so excited see this I'm right over
here there's not very good lighting
outside my office
it's a little bit here see it's like a
dark yellow a shadowy this fine okay
what do I do now did I do it good its
attention to detail you know how to make
the magic happen here okay ready this
didn't make sense at all what are you
talking about so now we shoot it in here
well then we have a little change of
plans this is going to take like 15
minutes if it's old you are using up way
this is I got to pick the baby up um I'm
gonna do it really fast okay go yes
sorry I just gotta get the babysitter I
got
I love drunks I just love flying drums
since I was no come on I always like
meeting new creators those two were a
couple of real goofs I know I said
today's episode was two segments and
that was technically a third segment but
I hope you can understand that I didn't
hit segments coming otherwise I would
have included that in my introductory
statement to this video now it's time
for part two which is also part three
headphones I shot this next part like a
week ago but I want to have some test
time so it would make sense hello this
will be a comprehensive review of these
new Bose sound support free headphones
that when it comes to headphones for me
I kind of have like two schools of
headphones and one are the headphones
that I edit with my go-to there are the
Bose quiet like the bose noise-canceling
bluetooth ones they're great literally
zero complaints here and then the second
camp are the headphones that are run
with and that's what that's what these
are for first a few words on my edit
headphones I can't run in these because
the way that them the way that the ear
cup fits here it fills up with sweat
gets disgusting after like two weeks
ahead phone's start to smell like a foot
and then you put them on your head and
your head smells like a foot it's just
they're not good for running I have
tried Apple's ear pods I like them but
my main phone is a note 8 I don't need
to run with my iPhones it's not water
resistant so and honestly the thing
about the ear pods is they don't like
block out enough of the surrounding
sound I'm hoping for a winner here okay
now for the unboxing
okay here they are this is like the
recharging case it's a little it's
bigger than the these things are a
little fatter than I expected I don't
know if you can see how big they are
do they look super weird but feel like
there's a big thing sticking out of my
ear
alright comprehensive test nine quarter
miles it's like a little over an hour
and three minutes of non-stop running I
gotta say these are very impressive
they haven't been bouncing I haven't had
to adjust them or like they haven't they
haven't budged the sound quality is
excellent I think the only beep is that
they don't close out the noise around me
so even if I have them on full volume I
can still hear this music playing from
the mini golf course right behind me and
I love sugarpie honeybunch but when I'm
listening to Wu Tang I wish you did a
better job of blocking out the noise
otherwise maybe the best running
headphones never used all right so it
has been a week since I got these these
headphones and first thing to address is
the price these are $250 which is insane
for a pair of headphones that are these
are ones these are the Apple ones the
ear pods these are 160 what like home
these are called air pods these cost a
hundred almost $100 less than these cost
this sound in these have you ever
listened to these you're a big ear pod
guy right tell me the comparison I use
air pots every single how you even put
these in you hear anything
you should know too that Sam is the
biggest an Apple fanboy on planet Earth
anywhere is this stupid at your pods
every day but for the base with the base
ready really base heavy yeah
I can't barely hear myself talk this is
weird
they're like really good for sound yeah
these are impressive these are really
impressive Incred incredible okay thank
you that was a unexpected supportive
Sam's just in this video colonias
earpods now for the not so good I don't
know if I mention this but this is not a
paid video this is like a not sponsored
I bought these off Amazon I had two
hundred and fifty dollars
well everything needs to be perfect so
first thing first they're huge they have
to fit in this case here see this case
very good case the case recharges them
five times or something like that but in
my pants okay ready that is like are
those headphones in your pockets are you
happy to see me that's a lot - that's a
lot right there especially when you
compare - this is a little bit too much
always fit in your pocket like a cell
phone then the last thing and I don't
mean to sound like a snob with this but
when you wear headphones all day it
becomes fashion right Sam that's right
now I think that these look really
really stupid in your ears they're white
they kind of drool out it looks like you
have like just kind of gross the way
these look in your ear do you like the
way these look these look I think these
look stupid but despite them looking
stupid there's no denying that they have
a look right it's like this is very
Apple industrial design they fit in here
perfectly when you see people you know
what they are the way these fit in your
ears quote my wife Candace I will not
hang around with you as long as those
things are sticking out of your ears
they are enormous
no like I need like this is like a this
is like a maybe a medical device
somebody said to me it looks like I've
got two babies pacifiers in my ears now
I have to say I'm the biggest Bose fan I
love your products I don't mean to just
be making fun of you like this but this
is legitimately how I feel when I wear
your headphones so this is an actual
baby's pacifier and this is your $250
wireless headphone head headphone piece
they aren't they in my pocket all day
every day solution like I
than to be and like so many people use
the air pods for these always with you
always
I want that but I also want better sound
quality and I also wanted to work with
my s8 that's it for KC's tech review
today please tune in next know what I'm
gonna do these it's been about four
hours since we released the video I
can't quite tell like how the views are
going sits on Jesse's channel and not
mine
yo did did this video go viral or what
so we can call it viral all right Jesse
call a viral it's like the morning after
I filled in that last bit and I'm not
gonna run this one keeps getting
disconnected which is super fun knowing
tellus my music it's like coming in now
this is my Fagin hate blue to it man
it's gonna be cable he's want to run out
here it's like this is so frustrating I
just want to hear my music when I'm
running and it's freezing cold outside I
don't want to be messing with these I
just want to run this left one here kept
getting disconnected from the right one
music coming here and not here and this
is a software issue Bose I hope you can
fix this but in the meantime in the
meantime I have to amend my review from
a cautious thumbs up to a more neutral
like mmm
I hope they can improve them in the
future until then I don't know that I'll
be running with these or using these
because like I can't I can't
add a stab giving it go thank you Sam
you gonna plug my channel for this this
is a good trade-off don't forget to go
to Sam's channel and like and subscribe
the YouTube addresses wwe.com for
