when it comes to this vlog and in
YouTube in general I was trying to find
opportunities to up my game when it
comes to production value just because
the vlog doesn't mean it shouldn't have
ace production quality
for the drone shot in yesterday's vlog
that we shot the 360 video wherein I
like skateboard and then the drone takes
up i then want a shower I'm actually in
a helicopter with 360 flying over the
same location that's what all of this is
about but while we're here and I have
access to like the greatest drone
operator on planet Earth
I thought why not shoot some crazy for
the vlog and that's what that skateboard
- helicopter shot was all about crazy
alright we're setting up now for the
first helicopter shot copters they're
ready to go
drone is there and they're throwing
operators there and camera operators
there again we're not doing this for any
reason this is just like we had all
these resources so why not try something
fun I just have to see if the boosted
board will actually drive on this grass
whether we're all allowed to take off
like literally the minute he spun the
propellers he got the call that like the
ceilings too low the clouds are too low
for us to take off now like to the
second the airport just called because
the clouds are so low we can't fly like
literally two seconds before the
helicopter is about to take off so I
guess we're just into a practice run god
that sucks
yeah I'm ready to rock okay it's all you
our timings my flight is in like two
hours
Oh son son
we need sunlight there comes the saga
continues we're gonna get one shot right
now where we bring the helicopter
rolling up to like 50 feet or so just to
try to do something
here we go we're going to try it again
we still have permission to fly but we
can fly a little bit drones going up
Justin's putting her in the air
helicopters ready tell me one all right
good did it go
yeah
faster
I saw the drums in there
ah that was a stressful morning I didn't
think we were gonna get it ah
yeah
I'm gonna miss that big-ass drone ITC a
really good one bye guys I'll see you in
Houston yeah hell yeah look forward to
it
hey camel thank you let's buggy guys the
heliport was only 15 minutes from the
airport my flight started boarding five
minutes ago I should make this though
what time is the flight
I'll call you guys come back and get me
thank you for everything
have a good trip appreciate it Tom it's
like it is good luck man Jase ba
perfectly
I will bar guys you later well Austin
it's been real that was a rather
exciting 36 hours now it's back to New
York City
that whole thing this morning the
helicopter to shoot that that weather
the whole the drone the whole thing the
psyche at one like five seconds shot for
a 360 video I hope this out was worth it
have a lot of work to do but I know I'm
just going to pass out the second the
plane takes off your United your first
class
this is the coldest flight I've ever
been on it is so cold out there there's
a man in a down parka I'm hanging out in
the bathroom because it's warm
it's like Arctic pneumonia cone of this
way
we're back I don't feel good at all
terrible really terrible but by not
thank you
why don't you
oh I don't feel that
something afforable came out of nowhere
blindsided me on the flight I just sat
there shaking it for last five hours I
got at home it's good to be back good
that's it I'm home I'm very sorry to say
that the rest of the vlog has been
canceled please don't be mad at me go
back and watch the beginning again which
is awesome I don't know what I don't
know what happenes eyes I don't know
what I'm so sorry
this weather is total bullsh
