don't fit little walk
remember how yesterday's vlog last night
ended with me going like perfectly fine
to being deathly ill in the course of a
five-hour flight
well I got home last night in Kansas was
like Casey what the hell is wrong with
you I was like I don't know take me to
the hospital I can't breathe and she's
like you're not to take you out you
haven't slept in three days even jumping
out of helicopters
so I like pass out in the bed slept for
eight straight hours woke up and I feel
like 75% today or so maybe 80% do you
remember how obsessed I was with these
things if you're new to the blog maybe
not when they first came out with
hoverboards I was obsessed I used to
literally ride it to and from work every
single day today is what I would call a
hell day as in a day that's definitely
going to be very very challenging and by
challenging I mean horrible and there's
nothing I can do about it
let me explain I'm so little tired a
little bit beat up from whatever ungodly
illness I had last night and normally
it's like I gotta make it through today
go home
good night asleep some soup and I'll be
fine in the morning
but tonight at sleep time instead of
going to bed and go to the airport and
I'm not just going to the airport
I'm going to the airport with Candice
and the baby and this is no ordinary
flight
you
this red flag here this is New York City
and all the way over here this blue flag
here this is Cape Town South Africa
opposite sides of planet Earth I've done
this trip probably 15 or 20 times I've
done it with Candice probably 10 or 12
times and I've done it with Francine
once and she was a tiny little squirt
and we had canvasses mom with us to help
watch it it was still and that was
before she could crawl before she could
scream before she before she was this
tiny 18 pound animal that she is today a
funny are maybe not so funny but true
story the first time I ever flew to
South Africa was with Candice she gave
me an ambien which is like the strongest
sleeping pill there is and if you don't
fall asleep after taking an ambien and
like makes you drunk and of course I
didn't fall asleep and this plane
stopped halfway it stopped in Senegal
which is like Eastern Africa so they
could spray aerosol on the plane and
kill all the mists horrible and I
remember I started crying like literally
crying and just entirely freaking out
like total meltdown and security I
almost had to remove me from the plane
I'm packing up getting ready to get out
of here so I gotta go buy a suitcase and
a whole bunch of packages just showed up
I don't know what any of these are
I dunno what one of them is look but you
know at least I'm free I'm pretty sure I
know what this is straight from DJI HQ
the Phantom 4 this thing isn't even out
yet
the question the question here is do i
or do I not bring this thing to South
Africa look at the case it comes in
so I swear DJI designed and built this
thing just for me
we're going to drop off all this stuff
then I got to meet Candace at the bank
then I got to go buy a suitcase then I
got to pack the suitcase then we got
over the airport I think it should be
the biggest suitcase they have that's a
bit all my camera gear you have ever
reason I just like to control you need
it's a mistake I've had it in homes look
this is not a sale this is $18 this is
44 they're too expensive in there we're
going to go to the really cheap
chinatown ones
this is selling $65 right now I can do
fifty-five dollars yeah all right we'll
take it
see this is the donkey assuit case you
can possibly get it's worth it to take
all of our stuff Plus that color pink
they're going to go for the fancy ones I
can't understand people to travel with
Louie Vuitton luggage like
Oh
it's like a steal me sign all right here
for
she's just whispered it's random search
real shocker that I get the random sir
every single time
go to the wall it's quarter after 11:00
flight boards in 45 minutes
calling it their wishes luck Bob on the
connection
