Wow look at that big dinosaur frenzy
I think we're going to go on a family
adventure today go up town maybe the
museum I'd love to show her the
dinosaurs but something we're leaving
this neighborhood today we just got to
get this kid out of the house
we want to take the baby on the subway
today so we're going to go up to the
Upper West Side hopefully make it the
Natural History Museum but make it right
I get stuck at Barney we're going to
Barneys
you look nice today
we are here we're going here
our staff for sure
look at the planetarium this is
Francine's first time to the Natural
History Museum doing she's gonna care no
I should like it she loved the aquarium
she'll like the dinosaurs whoa admission
cannot to this museum is actually
suggested
it says $44 which I'm going to pay if I
didn't have that I could have been like
poor dog
quit Museum of Natural History story the
last feature film that I produced which
is like a big movie shot unlike like
proper film there was a scene need to
shoot in here and the museum wouldn't
give us permission to shoot it in there
so we broke this huge movie camera down
for like 100 parts all the sound gear
down walked in with all the actors
bought tickets we went the area where we
needed to shoot it set up look out the
whole thing shot our scene like three
times got it packed everything up left
and the scene made the movie and yeah so
I just have a special relationship with
this place
family trip to the Natural History
Museum was an overwhelming smashing
success
I didn't think the baby would need this
sight I'm taking down the face book
painting today I'm not getting rid of it
I'm just moving it but I thought I'd
explained the painting before I
relocated everybody was asking about
this there's not a whole lot to it this
is part of the painting series I did
like four years ago five minute four
years ago and the series was of images
that we look at every day but are never
tangible how often do you see this image
but you can never actually touch it it
could disappear any time it's virtual so
by painting it and not only painting it
but if you look closely you can see the
strokes and like it takes something
that's virtual it makes it physical
that's it
there's nothing more to this painting
than that
target alia long work
this is one of those situations where I
wish I had one or two or three or four
people to help me but I don't now this
couch positioning it's not permanent I
don't know where it's gonna go I don't
know if I'm going to keep this couch but
I know that I want like a living room
like atmosphere in this part of the
studio so I'm going to put it there is
like a placeholder to build the rest of
the space out around it
it does kind of fit in here nicely I
have a slight feng shui concern which is
walking in the front door and seeing the
couch mixed emotions they're seared I
mean now I'm not much of a drinker I
also don't think the kind of work that I
do in here dovetails very well with
booze at all and I really don't believe
in imposing my beliefs on other people
so I think it's important to have a full
bar to offer people who come by the
studio I've got all this booze here I
just need to install a shelf and some
sort of something
I think it'll tie that whole area
together very nicely mirror looks good
gives a little depth to the space
I really wanted to get the speaker's
hung tonight and then the shelf that go
above the speakers and then get the
speaker's wired and have this whole
truth is last night on date night I got
a little bit of food poisoning or just
something awful and I've been like
pretty beat up all day so I'm just gonna
end the vlog right here this is day 8 of
the rare going off just thinking Oscars
on Twitter maybe you want to go on
Twitter and let him know to come to the
office and please turn off the ringer
and we asked the landlord does not have
keys to his office there's no other way
in unless we break the door down or way
from to come and turn it off himself
