question are my studio renovations in
this blog is that getting boring because
if it is I'm sorry it's going to go on
for like another couple of weeks maybe
take a break from the blog and come back
after I'm done the studio is going to
look great but until then too low
perfect
running a quick errand here nothing
particularly love worthy but it is like
an unbelievably lovely day outside so
enjoy it with me
when I said I have to run a boring yarn
I meant boring Aaron I'm waiting to get
my phone activated I need to find a plug
so I can charge my skateboard
- Apple plugs in here this store sells
electronics
I just set that camera up to shoot that
time-lapse because I had all these
conference calls to do and I just sat
out here and did them because it's so
amazing outside gonna have to get back
people get out get back the office soon
we had some lunch then go back to work I
came to a different neighborhood for
lunch
it makes me feel like I'm on vacation
and I want to do for a long who stood
were dried there's this kid sitting in
this restaurant literally a laptop open
to boosted board comm he's about to buy
one so I told them with you outside you
could ride mine Patrick in your lunch
you ready
let me see if it's charged what's your
name I'm Pacey by the way all right
let's do it
do you know how to skateboard yeah how
good are you on a skateboard pretty good
okay have you ever ridden an electric
skateboard before no no no knocking
forward to it he'll be fine
I mean I can put in I can put it in slow
mode if you want I'm just gonna leave it
in full speed mode you'll be fine all
right all right but we have to go down
here so don't yell at us all right you
ready yeah you don't need to pump just
stand on it both feet lean forward yeah
there you go you got it you gotta bend
your knees more bend your knees more
yeah just give me a little bit of gas
pull the trigger
what's up stop man hold on watch out we
got a new we got a new rider here
there you go he's gonna get a Christmas
tree of course
hey let him go
got it we got it yeah I got the hang of
it you should open it up and get going
full speed all right I got to take it
back
leave it all right I'm glad I came down
here for lunch excellent use of a lovely
afternoon
look somebody somebody sent me this and
I've been eating them all it is is a
gigantic bag of Lucky Charms
marshmallows they're delicious
all right it's four o'clock I get this
shelf phone and I'm gonna hang this
shelf and put some lights on this shelf
put them both up there put the photo
albums on this shelf then clean the
place up so I've got a business meeting
at 5:00 lighting is everything perfect
really like the way this is coming
together starting to feel like a living
room over here my meeting is here at
five after five pretty pretty psyched on
Jays productivity I have to put all the
books I go on this shelf on this shelf
up besides that look at that good like
life one hour later
that's I was meeting with
that's been that's strand and that's Dan
I don't know who these kids are but
that's how his meeting with this isn't
going to mean anything to you but in
that meeting they sat on the couch i sat
on this chair it felt worth I tried to
hide it from the vlog but I was like
sick like very sick yesterday I haven't
run in like five days I was like anyway
I bring it up now because I feel
fantastic right now I think I'm past
whatever it was that was keeping me down
I'm definitely going to run tomorrow
morning and this vlog this episode will
have been post it on time at promptly 8
a.m. Eastern Standard Time
ok I hope you're as excited about that
as I am like you almost killed a dog now
I was moving back you think so you think
I would have killed it
