a so I I had a fun video to post today
I'll post that fun video tomorrow
instead I wanted to just take today to
acknowledge the the school shooting that
took place yesterday in parkland Florida
that at the time of recording this video
has has taken the lives of 17 people I
also wanted to use the reach of this
channel to they're linked below but to
share some verified links with you of
ways that you can help the victims and
the families of those affected by the
shooting the one at the top is a
verified fundraiser from the Broward
County Public School District to to
specifically help provide relief and
financial support for the victims and
their families so and I want to now
share with you the story of one of the
heroes from yesterday's shooting I'm
gonna read to you from a story in The
Washington Post which I'll also link
below an assistant football coach at
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School
died after risking his life to protect
to protect students from the gunman who
fatally shot at least 17 people in South
Florida school Aaron Feist who doubled
as a school security guard was shot
after throwing himself in front of was
shot after throwing himself in front of
students as the gunman opened fire
Wednesday afternoon as a youth he played
center for the Douglas Eagles football
team from 1995 to 1998 after graduating
he returned to the school in 2002 to
coach and has worked there ever since
once the attack had ended a student said
that Feist jumped between her and the
shooter to push her out to push her out
through a door and out of the line of
fire several students offered similar
accounts saying that Feist was wounded
while trying to protect people from the
gunfire Feist was hit several times
covering other students at Douglass
I'm paraphrasing a lot of this but the
story then goes on to say some very nice
things about Aaron Feist if I wanted so
much as a place to sit his office was
always open said Ashley spies Oh a 22
year old former student he'd sit with me
he talked to me he'd let me be in
silence he was friendly he was friendly
with everybody but he also knew when not
to be friendly and when he needed to be
the authority figure Feist had a
football players husky frame a bald head
and was known for sporting dark
sunglasses even when he was inside a big
old teddy bear said the head coach
loyalty I trusted him he had my back
he worked hard just a good man a good
guy that is well liked by his students
and his players said another former
student who would talk with him often
between lunch and class seeing all my
former classmates posting about him
today shows his impact shows that his
impact on the school is undeniable oh
and the story goes on to say that Aaron
Feist who is 37 is my age he left behind
a wife and a young he left behind a wife
and a young daughter there are tons of
stories out there about this guy I'll
link the one that I just read from below
I just want to share with you because I
know that when stuff like this happens
it sort of feels like the whole world is
this just horrible cesspool but when you
look for the heroes and the good people
in it you realize there aren't a lot
there are a lot of good people out there
and there are a lot more good people and
do good things than horrible people
wanting to do horrid things okay that's
it please give the the links below some
attention if you can even if you just
want to share them
hey so as I was as I was editing this
video I just got an email from a girl
named Alexandra hey KC I'm I'm I'm
sending this email today regarding the
school shooting in parkland actually
attend the school where it happened and
I was there when it happened and I know
coach Aaron Feist passed away attending
to protect other students and then she
just kind of goes on to say that she'd
be happy to talk to me for her to talk
to her so right after this little clip
here you'll see a video pop up and that
video is her kind of you know sharing
it's on her personal channel but anyway
watch it I think it provides some really
provides just kind of a kind of it's a
first-hand insight into what what
transpired
you
