today is a very big day very very big -
I'm doing this big event with Samsung
and I'm premiering a couple of movies
there and then all these creators are in
town for that event I'm late for lunch
to go meet them right now
if you're not familiar with Roy Bertie's
work I highly recommend you check it out
always get below best dance videos on
YouTube right here
how is lunch lunch was good now we're
going for Busan rides around the city so
this is like the lunch we're doing and
then later is the thing where we like
show the videos and thanks for coming
yeah I got invited like five days ago
David Ober is here I get so nervous
inside
great lunch solid scoop absolutely
wonderful lunch cheese real Italian
cheese on the plate and the pasta was
and the salmon was in the potato fly
minute you know I was like really
Oh seriously good I think they're so
funny out there do they know that I can
see them
Wow Wow
okay this is special edition what do you
call your hair case you know you get a
lot of stuff and t-shirts my wife
bloggers Florida Keys hi KC I'd like to
introduce you to yet some the best
personal locator check us out on YouTube
live in the keys life be sure to check
out live somewhere you have to say who
it's from and say thank you Brian and
Kelsey thanks for the shirt with the
octopus Thank You Ryan Bergeron from MK
my for the shoes I'll be wearing through
the packages in this like seven people
do one more yeah yeah we
your biggest friend Brandon why Brandon
why thanks for sending the bracelet and
the egg dear William I'm very sorry to
say that your package either broke in
the mail or at Corinna's hands I'm ready
either way I want to thank you for
sending this to me and I'm very sorry
that it broke I'll do my best to
reassemble it ah sorry sorry ready ready
oh the nice hat those people because I
could wear it I get on you I think I
think you should keep the Hat for that
son Casey then yeah Casey please expect
a full comprehensive review I will be
sure to review this Thanks hey Casey
shout out the cost for sending everyone
in the group a pair of headphones
thanks for the headphones cost well so
that is what mail time looks like when
it's more of a team effort
step one turn on iPad set to open iPad
open videos hit play I am Rob during my
yeah do it
wait I've never used an iPad you want to
open that one yeah it's like there's a
dragon in here what is this hello open
it I need the sledgehammer
here maybe try this oh yeah any guesses
for what this is a computer yeah an
animal the hallways really good leaving
you
Oh
hold inspire is my gift to you oh it's a
sculpture is it light up
who's it from Stefan Jan bro general Jim
did I say that right Stefan thank you
for this sculpture it's lovely
so I'm headed now to where the event is
taking place tonight we're doing
rehearsals first and then the event
starts in like two hours so I'm ready to
go then
check-in first up the next door down the
event starts in two hours three hours
the movie that is premiering size' movie
that we made together like t minus 1 t
minus 1/2 an hour something like that
everything's going well how's everything
going cuz honestly so good yeah I'm like
looking at they're on a show killing it
and the loop oh did you get your YouTube
channel started yet so I can tell
everybody to follow you not yeah and
ended both the videos that I helped make
that are playing tonight she's much
better than me our videos ready for
playback yes I hope so really it's not
they're not ready
I'll embarrass ya below so it is
tomorrow once the event began I didn't
touch the camera again I wanted to stay
focused and present on the night
the short of it is that it was like
totally wild success it was amazing we
played four movies in total when max's
movie played like the magical scene
happened everybody was like ah literally
started applauding at the screen for a
video that's gonna go on YouTube and I
think my favorite part of the whole
night was like 50 different creators
were brought in to be a part of this
like be there and watch it and just be a
part of this I'd say a good percentage
of those creators were not big creators
they were not creators you've ever heard
of it wasn't about selfies or fan
meetups it was about nothing but like
celebrating and appreciating what great
YouTube internet content was thank you
everybody who came and I'm gonna
premiere all those well not all of them
two of those movies I think - at least
one of those views on this channel and
then I'll link below and I will keep you
updated that's like when those when
those videos are alive and where you can
see them all right we're great event
