you know those days when you're like
crazy busy the entire day but you get
nothing done I thought today was test
test test this is test a this is the
control this isn't my old microphone
that is potentially broken this is with
the new microphone plug it plug out plug
it in and then the plug is out this is
my old 70d as in the one I used to use
before I got this 70d the reason why I
don't use this one anymore
is written on it and whiteout see what
that says the audio port is completely
now on this new one the audio port is
completely and what that means no matter
what microphone you plug in it doesn't
work it only uses the onboard
microphones which may sound fine now but
the minute there's wind or any noise or
you get close to it or anything like
that just sound so this is the second
time that it's happened
I offered to trade them this one for a
new one but they didn't want to take my
deal see you guys later this is why I
bought a new one this is what the
onboard microphone sounds like this is
what an external microphone sounds like
this versus this here's a better
demonstration say I've got some Drake
playing Drake's playing behind there
there's noise outside and if I'm
standing all the way over here
you can still pick up I'm saying fairly
clearly now watch what happens when I
use the internal microphone
really
does that make sense doesn't it feel
better this is the this is with the
external market doesn't that sound
better the slowest renovation project in
the history of humanity today I was
going to announce that I finished my
desk look how perfect these things just
showed up in the mail my computer
monitors here are the cheapest ones I
could buy off of Amazon now G just sent
me two of these look how wide this thing
is long story long these monitors are
gonna have to get you laid out these
sweet new monitors are going to have to
be put in and the never ending desk
construction project continues having a
healthy lunch with Owen this afternoon
he doesn't have school today you think
is healthy Owen no so oh and you got a
chili cheese dogs three tacos oh yeah
wait I got nachos too
I just I think you just how you feel now
fall kind of little bit sick but not
like food poisoning sick so you ever
need my son on oh man
I'm the best friend that your father's
friends look he's bigger than Francine
right it's taller than I am
my son is falling on that it's scary in
today under just 14 14 14 size 10 and a
half sheets
it gets scary when the kids can kick
your ass right really nice probably see
that it's Carl poofy biggest mistake
could be anybody squares up with you is
the biggest mistake well take care of
today's a professional development day
for the kid
yeah no school came into the city for
some hangout time I understand it's
borderline child abuse let him eat that
crap but he's a teenager and all I ate
when I was his age was garbage he get
older you realize how important its eat
healthy and you slowly shift to eating
nothing but pop-tarts three monitors
down big monitor ready
yeah life switching out three putting in
one big one not sure what to do with
that headed to the dentist now I think
it's just a routine checkup
I'm on the blog oh my god yeah hey dude
Oh
I'm Stan a scalene board really wait
does that mean that your friends watch
the vlog yeah me too I hear
yeah you're in it again oh my gosh um
yes they do I have like at least a few
people be like is that you and I was
like well I didn't even remember this I
am so sorry
see this monitor here that's black I was
trying to install this GoPro on the
outside of the building so I can see
I was like 15 feet up in the ladder and
my landlord came over he is like what
are you doing my landlords a super cool
guy he was totally chill he's just like
get that camera off the building just
sitting here eating this delicious box
of chocolates why not do a mail time I
haven't done a mail time in a while I
got all these packages should I still
open this yeah I'm gonna still open
Francine's a little baby she does not
open packages hi Casey and Francine I'm
a beauty vlogger on YouTube I'm also the
owner of baby face makeup children's
pretend makeup hmm
and that's a bear black bear hi Katie
I've noticed that sometimes you were
sure to the animals on the front my shop
is animal crew and I'm on Etsy thank you
very much
hi Casey I wanted to show my
appreciation for what you do I've
suffered from ill health since I was
born this year I started a YouTube
channel
very cool Joe let's see what's going on
in here
yes thank you Joe thank you Joe
I'm gonna be honest with you when it
says no candy dear kids you have a fear
of your content I work for a company
that helps to do good keep up the good
work Bryce these bags are sown in the
Philippines whoa nice thank you very
much this is my new go bag huh this
package has been at the bottom of the
incoming mail time packages I'm sorry
Elias this was sent to me in September
hi Kasey my name is Elias we met at
VidCon cool thank you very much I am a
thanks allies sorry took me so long to
open your package oh I love your show I
make custom Legos
I love Legos
you're kidding me and my business
partner ed are longtime fans and
subscribers we're professional chefs who
own a food truck inside the point of
t-shirts and photos three homemade spice
rubs and our famous smoked bacon peanut
brittle all the best
Evan Henry's and Edward Hardy bacon
brittle god I left the dentist like an
hour ago
oh my god what did you say to me say it
again
one that sounds broken and two it says
open soon but this package was sent to
me Oh God
brain I appreciate this gesture but
you're not helping me out here bud this
is rain rain this is absurd what am I
gonna do loss kandi said you appreciate
all right last pops it's a big one
did you see a letter wrote a letter I
don't see a letter anywhere to represent
me all of this stuff thank you I'm sorry
I can't find your letter ah this has
been a great mail time and you know I
want to sign off here by saying I open
every mail time package that sent to me
it's just hard for me to show them all
in the vlog thank you everyone who sent
me packages
