take a moment to check your seatback
pocket for any personal items like
tablets and cell phones when you open
the /
it's 537 a.m. I know it should be super
tired but the four hours of sleep I got
on that flight we're the most sleep I've
had in a week that's me
okay today's the first day of March that
means in 24 days it will be both my
birthday and the one year anniversary of
this vlog photoshoot Miss New Year's Day
goes here this is for the portrait yeah
Giada I have a greasy ass forehead - so
it's like a portrait here and then I
head-to-toe shot over here on this
quarter two photos okay good all right
when you get one expression
yeah the eyes are really tense right
that's this a good one
yeah
okay hold on you have to fake it for me
for the vlog yes good looking up here
alright and we're just faking it right
now so I have the shot for the vlog he's
not actually - oh yeah look how serious
I look Wow look at that awesome hair oh
hey we got the curl mmm
what does it mean to be sassy nice nice
I had my tuxedo from the Oscars laying
around so I thought why not wear it for
this photo shoot
seemed like a fun idea those guys were
totally into it alright here I am ready
for the Oscars again this is the red
light under report that's it also shoot
the shoot that's a wrap on this shoot on
a scale of one to ten how did it go well
really you feel good about it feel great
that's awesome thank you for everything
yeah pleasure this is a pleasure thank
you really great to meet you what is
that noise what is that noise
boosted boy why would this possibly turn
Jordan LARM
dad has been buzzing for like five
minutes before I hit record alright
let's get started this is my friend Gary
B's new book he put me on the back cover
go by Gary's new book today's Q&A is all
about the Oscars this is 100% true and
I'm probably to get into a lot of
trouble for telling it but I have to
tell the story I was at the Oscars
because Samsung Samsung Samsung Samsung
was a major sponsor and like they got to
bring people on they invited me one of
the things that Samsung gets to do as a
sponsor is something during the audio
broadcast of the actual Oscars remember
what Ellen took like that crazy selfie
with all the celebrities in it but so
this year what they were going to do
this is the truth this is no bullet they
were gonna have me skateboard down the
aisle like past Leonardo capable down
the aisle and like jump onto the stage
holding their new 360 camera in my hand
during the broadcast this was gonna
happen
like we went there in practice I wasn't
allowed to film or in there practicing
but like here's a sneaky shot attempt
hello that was like the day before and I
have to give it to Samsung like all the
way up to the head boss the head burn
charge at Samsung like went to bat to
make this happen like they were calling
the producers of the Oscars they're like
this has to happen Casey has to
skateboard during the Oscars the Oscars
people were like okay let's figure this
out we were like talking like details
is it a four-second skateboard ride or a
six-second skateboard I like all the
details and then like literally two
hours before the broadcast we found out
that the people from the Oscars cut the
scene I can't be disappointed it was
like during the Oscars it was like the
greatest thing ever
working with Samsung and getting to
shoot the Oscars in 360 was amazing but
come on could you have imagined me
skating down the aisle holding this
thing I hope I don't get in too much
trouble for saying that hey Casey what
places did you go that you didn't tell
us you what they should have gone
because we had the badges we're allowed
to go anywhere we were hanging out
backstage during the actual live
broadcast I was wandering around we
wandered into where like all the winners
were and at first it was like wow oh my
god I can't believe I'm witnessing this
and then that quickly was like this is
their special moment I didn't earn this
I don't deserve to be here I left were
the celebrities as starstruck seeing you
as you were seeing that you know funny
story I had more people company famous
people come up to me and say my kids
love your YouTube channel then I could
have a Matt like probably happened 20
times so that was cool the famous people
had no idea who I was
except for the fact that their kids
watch this channel did you talk with Leo
no I tried to find him though what
surprised you the most about the Oscars
okay so that's just alone should have
won that Best Supporting Actor role I
don't know if you saw Creed unbelievable
movie so that source alone brought me to
tears and instead they gave it to that
guy from that other movie about that
other thing that I saw and I don't
remember him being unit I'm sure he's a
good actor but so that's just a lone
like performance of a career they didn't
get me Oscar that might be a surprise
when will you be nominated for an Oscar
as soon as best youtuber
was an Oscar category how was the orgy
well I don't think there was one that
there was I I wasn't invited
Charlie wants to know what the most
inspiring part about going to the Oscars
was when we were there during rehearsals
in the orchestra like all the music you
hear is people like on the drums and
like playing when I heard that for the
first time and the lights came up from
the sparkles that was amazing a lot of
people are asking me about the new
Samsung phone and about my iPhone and
about which one I use and I'm going to
use I always chair two phones an iPhone
in an Android phone and I can say like
whatever five days in four days and this
is by far my favorite Android phone I
mean look at this thing looks like a
stealth fighter and it's waterproof and
the cameras good but yeah you'll still
see me with two phones in this vlog
what Philips are won Best Picture at Mad
Max what an ugly tie
I mean I think it's fantastic that
spotlight won I think as far as like
societal issues and the impact that
culturally a film can have spotlight
deserved it I had no problem with
spotlight winner what was the most
interesting being yourself this is the
last question there was a moment when we
were backstage and I'm not going to name
names it's kind of the bathrooms that
they had backstage for the presenters
like they're women and the men that were
like walking out to be like and the
Oscar goes to
they have like bathrooms back there and
when we went backstage there was a line
of celebrities like the most beautiful
actresses and their huge gowns waiting
in a line to go to the bathroom these
like larger-than-life celebrities
they're just like regular people waiting
in line to take a pee just like you or
me I hope that doesn't sound gross here
anything but I don't know why that
moment stuck in it okay that's it for
the Oscar Q&A I hope you liked all of my
crazy Oscar coverage in other news some
progress was made by Miguel while I was
gone 99% done back here it's super late
at night I'm in my closet my pajamas I
was just finishing up the vlog edit and
I realized I didn't shoot an ending so I
thought I would come in here and record
myself and then I could use this
as you bring your arm in just a touch
it's like the yeah that way the cameras
overlap in white space perfect and then
turning a little bit to me to like yeah
that's it that's perfect that is a
perfect double page spread right there
