I lost the connection hi can I have an
order of got about three more hours with
the work to do and then I can leave this
hotel room it is not 3 p.m. I have not
been outside of this room yet today I've
just been in here editing and rendering
and calling people asking them how to
use premiere so I can do my edits every
once awhile I climb out of this window
like this I take in the fresh air and
then I get back into my fancy luxurious
prison that is this room keep myself
from starving to death I've been living
off of these mmm and eating all of the
good snacks out of this little snack
area here and I pretty much wiped out
the minibar except for the booze good
news is I'm almost done packing I
finished in the bathroom closet totally
empty and my electronics and film your
explosion has been for the most part
contained I'm very excited though
my good friend Lulu is on his way to get
me I didn't ask him if he drive me to
the airport I'm just gonna put all my
bags in his car and I'm hoping he'll get
the hint he's a really nice guy and like
I feel like if I just hint at it he'll
give me a ride at the airport gotta get
outside
did I forget anything think I got it all
these are gonna be left but we'll leave
those behind I'll see you next time
fancy hotel room such an aggressive
elevator I'm gonna miss this guy the
most maybe this getup that is I don't
think you knew you were in for when I
said tonight put some bags in your car I
yeah this is everything I own wait wait
wait wait hey she's never been ridden
that's on you my friend that's a present
cheers me that's a gift you know I've
never had a penny well now you've got a
blue one Luther this is my first time
being outside today and it's like 4:00
in the afternoon I have to fly all night
tonight I need some like I want to take
you through the basket I need fresh air
okay but what were you just saying there
Luther I suggested that we go down to
Santa Monica I've got my boosted board I
could totally threw on his new penny
board that I just gave him because he's
my friend and what did you say about
boost okay I said that after watching so
many blogs from KC writing his Blissett
born in New York hey are you go you go
we found lenita next stop Santa Monica
to do some crazy stuff if you have a
flight drone
okay we're good twelve seconds later
okay the propeller came off midair and
the drone just spiraled to the ground he
lost one prepare gonna fall do you think
I didn't quit on properly I don't know
probably not
now there's sand in the gear and it
won't turn it's not venomous
I'll just bend it back it's fine why do
you think that happened I didn't screw
it on all right I'm gonna I'm gonna
operate the camera out for this try
thank you thank you
I wanna see they go wrong that was an
anomaly oh cool
oh my god how do I hold this whoa oh I
don't know how he does this um so Casey
has now left me here with his backpack
and his camera him and Lulu are riding
the boost board and while they're right
in the boost board they're trying to get
a drone shot one eternity later quite
some time is passed and I'm still here
alone this is so sad
they're coming I think I got such good -
I lost the connection it's just like
disconnects mid-flame it's get stuck in
the air what do you dude you have to
wait until it just died yes oh my god
the 10th time this has happened to me
right there she's gonna be able to do it
wait he's just flying higher oh that's
not me please stop oh look how high it's
going you can't even see it anymore we
got trouble
oh my god where is it going
oh it's out nicely thank you for being
my camera woman during that crisis okay
what it took off it took a full speed oh
I know you are controlling that no
control we just need to get some like
super action-packed footage of us on the
boards and then I can cut them in with
the drone footage and hold to your back
food because it's gonna push from the
back no no we're not gonna do that yeah
okay
my flight is in three hours so we're
just getting food before I go he doesn't
know that words what it is is what I go
to Luther I want you to know that before
you were coming to get me at the hotel I
was like into the camera I Luke is such
a nice guy but he'll drive me to the
airport but I when you see the vlog
later I don't want you to think that I'm
like a monster for tricking you into God
mess today
let me see the skateboard Chevy serious
look at that I'll see you in New York
soon I'll see ya guys thank you guys
guys totally screwed up here I thought
my flight was at 10:00 my flights at
9:30 I had my headphones on I was
editing your screaming calling my name I
know I'm gonna get the game plane to be
pulling away stuck in LA till tomorrow
I'm sorry
I was getting worried you're the last
night I thought worth 10 o'clock my
headphones on thank you
American Airlines that woman was just
lovely I'm good
check that by for all
I'm at my hotel can we hang out today uh
well I don't have a car
