are you excited for the Oscars of course
I'm excited look at this outfit my god
are you presenting tomorrow my guarantee
yours and Leonardo DiCaprio let me show
you around my hotel room this is the
toilet with an electronic but washer
shower sink bathroom window desk desk
desk huge desk minibar maxi bar lounge
love TV other TV I'm not sure what this
huge table is for funky chair funky
chair and that's kind of it that's
that's my hotel room I have an idea this
is not at all what this is made for but
well so this this is like a VR camera
okay yeah and what it's supposed to do
what's your name Chris
cases one nice feature
can you see yep okay watch this no way
really look at that now that's awesome
that is putting that is pretty awesome
and it doesn't need to spin look it
takes 360 video oh not allowed to have
that okay I'll put that away
sorry really recreation I'd tell it was
that okay lesson learned never bring a
gigantic camera to a swimming pool and
then secondly oh my god we're headed
back to the Oscar red carpet net do I
need my bag
I didn't eat that yeah
we all gather
we're back at the red carpet today
because tomorrow is show day I am going
to be shooting 360 I am going to be
vlogging but we're here today to like
just make sure everything goes smoothly
because tomorrow is just gonna be a
total storm here so like any variables
have to be addressed today and I just
wanted I want to make sure we're cool
ron jeremy over there is i guess having
a tough time in line here you like that
red carpet significantly more red today
wow look how polished it is look the Sun
roofs open gold leafing is done so this
is how is explaining yesterday this
aisle this alley here is were like the
non celebrity people are going to be
this aisle in the middle here is totally
off-limits to everyone it's called the
fire lane and then this aisle here next
to the press there this is where all the
important people will be I don't know if
I'm going to be allowed me important
people section grande definitely be
allowed in the regular people section I
was told no selfie sticks on the carpet
this kind of must know somebody I can
record from here right I don't need a
report on this alright you hang on to
that and I'm gonna like I want to go
through the celebrity side
like a maniac right now see I think we
go all the way in but it's under
construction right now we felt really
good
everyone everyone was staring at me like
I was a psycho holding that thing things
you know play really well tomorrow do we
get through here pardon me sorry excuse
me coming through sorry pardon me thank
you
mmm I'm sorry think of them
se-eun event I'll see you in a bit thank
you haircut tomorrow morning you saw her
I'm going right the ace downtown yeah
yeah perfect
two of my friends have a show like a
live performance tonight in downtown
Youssef and Roman I was supposed to be
there an hour and a half ago I'm super
late how far away is that sir it was
what I just I can't wait to see these
guys there right now I'm so sorry I'm
late
but trust me I'm very very excited to
see you
yes
we are take the secret entrance here
Roman told me not to go in through the
front this looks like it should be right
here that's it oh sorry late there's
just getting you - yeah it's hops up
like every time we date it whew I found
these knuckleheads in the park more so I
didn't notice what's happening you just
following him but did it start yet did
this show start no start some way two
minutes two minutes yeah gonna take
another time
I'm so sorry I'm late this guy man you
ready because it shot I'm so excited
I'll dressing both of your gloves on the
way in like maybe you had but you're so
late oh speaking of which someone else
be a lap dance
Oh
what the hell is going on here Roman I
love can I tell but can I tell the
viewers what you just did yeah yeah okay
before every shot you guys all know this
but Casey his glasses are here but when
his cameras recording us he's so sure
it's not that's not true yeah thank you
I love it man I love it you're gonna be
like no crash or anything I got it oh my
god nothing walk to our seats right idea
how much food I just down right now
stick your hands did you have a say on
everything
let's go
these guys are killing it until it's
intermission we're in the green room
it's very from in here but the shows
going well thank you it is really it's
really good Thank You Man Casey
I'm trying to help him out here
Lucey Roman amazing show we're leaving
now thank you for having us it was
really awesome guys just playing it safe
not being an adult you guys cozy back
there oh we're real cozy nothing like a
6-3 man in the middle it's quarter after
midnight I just got back to the hotel I
slept all my work to do and tomorrow is
the big day
I don't know what I get to sleep today
take that dude out see him up there
