today is a very big day this vlog will
end 21 hours from right now 3200 miles
from right here very full day today this
doesn't look safe
right now I'm going to buy some clothes
those clothes pertain to the huge
announcement that I'm going to make on
this very vlog in like 90 seconds that
was super tight a few moments later got
the clothes got everything I needed now
I'm gonna drop them off at home then
back to work before I get to the big
announcement the desk the monitors are
done it's way more ridiculous than I
thought it would be I love it it's
exactly what I wanted the top six
monitors here are all surveillance the
bottom three monitors behind me
those are my computer monitors here's
where it gets fun on these lower three
monitors instead of having like flying
toasters or squiggly lights as a
screensaver I have the godfather one and
the godfather to permanently playing on
a perpetual loop that never stops and
never turns off okay
just humor me but check this out this is
awesome this was not without casualties
there was one minor injury I don't know
if you can tell this TV is slightly
injured up here not a big deal so this
is the big news I hope you think that
this is as big of a deal as I think that
this is as big of a deal because I think
this is a really big deal I'm going to
the Oscars I mean I got nominated or
anything like that I mean I'm just like
going as a guest but I'm going to the
Oscars more importantly I will be
vlogging at the Oscars I mean I'm just
like I'm a youtuber with like my stupid
vlogging camera talking to myself but at
the Oscars like the crown jewel the apex
of the mountain that is motion move
cinema that I'm gonna vlog it let me
explain what happened remember like two
days ago and had a meeting but I
couldn't tell you the meeting was with
that I not so subtly dropped a hint that
the meeting was with Samsung okay I
can't tell you which company I know a
bunch of the people at Samsung they're
awesome we've been trying to find a
project to work together on for years
it's never come together they're like
launching a new 360 camera and phone and
all this stuff and they're like how can
we work together I'm like I don't know
let's do something cool and they're like
okay let me think about it and then they
called me this week and they're like
we're sponsoring the Oscars do you want
to go to the Oscars I was like are you
kidding me yes that's it now go to the
Oscars and uh yeah I was like getting a
tuxedo earlier I couldn't show that
because then you would have known that
it was like something going to the
Oscars hmm
excuse me so later this evening I will
be traveling by air from New York City
to Los Angeles California to prepare for
the 1730 v 8080 to attend the 88th
annual Academy Awards ceremony you go to
the Oscars it is still light out and I'm
leaving work I've got to get home I've
got to pack better see the baby and then
I got to go to the airport one bag big
bag backpack laptop Candice fanzine cell
phones almost ready
yeah keep everything I'm good so I don't
know socks unfortunately like 23 from
New York Kennedy to Los Angeles is
experiencing a delay and is now expected
to depart at 11:15 so I'm just going to
JK
I normally don't pack heavy but I wanted
to bring the boosted board and then I
had to bring my tuxedo and then I had to
bring like all these suitcases thank you
sometimes you're at the airport you're
tired you didn't take a nap you just
sleep wherever you are just lay down get
comfortable fall asleep did you catch
the two seconds where there was a dude
in my chair wearing a hat that wasn't me
that's because the only other person
here is slo-mo and he's helping me make
today's vlog
thanks llama hi it's super fun being in
the airport 11:00 at night there's no
one
no one else in the airport this is the
one time I didn't bring my skateboard
because I brought my boosted board and I
didn't wanna bring two skateboards but
God right maybe two hours later but I
had the first person on this plate well
nobody just me all right that's it we're
taking I remember I forgive me of this
blog when I said
this vlog will end 21 hours from right
now that was 25
very
welcome to LA see you later
there's no one in this airflow
yeah that's me so long slow-mo save
travels and it is raining in LA what is
this world coming to
finally at my hotel it is 4 a.m. here
which means 7 a.m. in New York which
means I'm enjoying all night whoa whoa
this hotel room is insane
50% James Bond and 50% insane asylum I
feel like I could get lost in this hotel
room jackpot
Casey welcome to LA we're excited to
invite you to try our newest products in
advance of their official release in
this you'll find a pre-production gear
360 camera and assumed to be released s
Galaxy s7 and a gear VR our Samsung
representative is extending a special
invitation for you to attend the 88th
annual Academy Awards at the Dolby
Theatre in Los Angeles you'll have
unprecedented access to the official
Oscars red carpet I think I'm going to
get to bring a 360 camera on the red
carpet as we've noted you'll be the
first operate this gear 360 camera in
the real world and this is an early
pre-production product also important to
note the product is not yet available to
the public please handle it with care
and do not in all caps do not let the
camera leave your possession do not lose
the camera leave it out of your sight
let someone borrow it let a celebrity
walk away with it I'm not particularly
worried about that
I would have to make the opening of this
briefcase as dramatic as possible
because it's pretty amazing
this box literally lights up when you
open it just like in Pulp Fiction look
at this looks like it's from the future
whoa
well
it's like 4:30 in the morning I'm going
to go to bed now
very exciting couple days coming up to
TV can continue I don't think that this
is a suitable dinner Candice
