all right Sonia despite the increase in
the cloud cover over the past couple of
hours temperatures have remained on the
warm side still in the lower 70s we had
a few more than that up to 76
October 23rd 2017 and it's 76 degrees
outside average weather for this the
average temperature for October 23rd is
50 degrees it is 26 degrees above normal
today I need an excuse to be outside for
today's video
all these packages right here these are
mail time packages no I I genuinely
thought when I announced has me selling
my extra mail time stuff that people
would stop sending email time stuff but
more just keeps coming if you don't know
what I'm talking about a few months ago
I said I was gonna take all the mail
time stuff that I don't personally use
and sell it on eBay so far we've been
able to sell almost thirty five thousand
dollars worth of stuff and all that
money is gonna go help the people
affected by the hurricane who live in
Puerto Rico we're distributing it with a
couple of different nonprofits down
there but good work folks but one thing
that came in that really stood out that
I've wanted to make a video about is
this tiny electronic skateboard called
quick wheel I think it's called quick
wheel now if you've ever seen this
channel before all rightie of my videos
you know that I am the world's biggest
boosted board fan I own six of these
things I ride it literally every day of
my entire life and this electric
skateboard the boosted board has
literally changed the way I interact
with this entire city I don't ride a
bike I don't take the subway the only
way I really get around is on this thing
yeah I love the board it's the greatest
thing ever but I have one gigantic
persistent complained about the boosted
board and that is the price it is cost
prohibitive for most people so addition
to like me how tiny this thing is it's
also need 200 bucks which matter of
disclosure I wasn't hired I'm not being
paid by quick wheel to review this thing
initial sort of build quality on this it
feels like like a regular proper
skateboard see this is like it's what a
regular board decks made out of wheels
feel nice and gummy bearings I don't
know they seem fine
it looks like the motor is housed inside
of the wheel here and I think there's
just one motor just in this wheel
alright now for the real world test I
recruited my friend Sam helmet runner
kids when driving electric skateboard of
any kind safety matters
so we're gonna go to the west side works
like a safe place to tap these things
what is interesting though is my ability
to carry this skateboard while riding my
big skateboard
so just to show off the sides before we
actually test this this is your regular
penny board here look it it's smaller
than a regular sized penny board this is
your regular sized backpack almost sort
of fits right in the back it spins ready
silent
it's much harder to balance on the Naboo
support you look so goofy right it's
like a toy I mean I have to say the
responsiveness is pretty good
like the speed top that do not have the
confidence on this that you do on a
boost at work
already this is the breakdown 3 2 1
break there's not much for breaks
alright dude do I have to
baby
you look great
so I guess the question is is this a toy
or is this like an actual means of
transportation it's it's a toy I think
this is a toy but airports airports
travel what else is this useful for if
you have a huge house a good way to get
around your home yeah I mean at 200
bucks it's not a bad Toyota play with
like I don't have many bad things to say
about this it's really small and as
someone who's been skateboarding for a
while there's really not much room to
put your feet so one thing that is
interesting it's both the size and the
Flex of the boosted board that lets you
come over bumps and if you hit little
potholes or cracks it can handle it so
this board has neither size nor flex so
when you hit a bump you really feel it
most of the take offs not much
alright so epic conclusion here it's a
cool device I think they're only 200
bucks which is a great price but I don't
think that feels safe the way that a
boosted board does I think boosted's the
only electric skateboard I've ever
ridden that actually feels safe to ride
if you're a parent thing you get it for
your kids then you live on a cul-de-sac
and it's a flat ground yeah maybe maybe
a fun toy if you're thinking about this
for any form of viable transportation
even if you live on a college campus I
give it a no the same it's it's
dangerous it's dangerous but it is fun
and 200 bucks is an insane price
only electric skateboard that weighs
less than three kilograms you know one
day I do have a quick question about
when it comes to this skateboard on
their IndieGoGo page it looks like like
a crowdsource thing the company quick
wheel it says in San Francisco but the
voiceovers like this weird word is made
of computerized voice and then there's
like two very American looking bros who
star in the video but it's filmed in
China I have nothing against products
made in China just if it's a Chinese
company own that it's a Chinese company
and don't front like it's a San
Francisco startup this is a robot word
why does it seem like they're posing as
a Bay Area look that's China yeah yeah
that's bizarre weird right
