really wish it would stop raining it is
an absolute crap day outside today it's
raining it's cold it's just nasty and I
thought that I could do something
meaningful here in the studio and my
idea was to make a vlog about how to
vlog like really break down again to the
specifics and the mechanics alright then
I come in and I get this email from
someone saying Casey you've got to see
this video it's by this girl and she
made a movie she made a vlog whatever
about how you make your vlogs it is
Sarah in this video I'm talking about
how to Casey Neistat vlog in Casey
Neistat vlogging format and Sarah I'm
sorry I didn't ask your permission if I
could use your video in my video but I'm
just gonna assume it's okay I have to
adjust the shutter mid shot you're about
to say something important you want to
zoom in to really get the audience
engaged Sarah I always look for excuses
to promote other people's content on my
channel and share with my audience
other great creators that I think people
would like thank you for providing me
with this excuse that is like 50% just
you ridiculing and making fun of me but
you do it in such a great way I can't be
mad at you it only encourages like why I
like your channel by the way you've got
a great channel you this girl Sarah
really represents what is great about
YouTube meaningful content really well
produced you put your heart and
everything you
you and it's not pandering or silly and
it's not a prank channel it's great so
thanks for making fun of me thanks for
taking the wind out of the sails of what
was going to be today's vlog and thanks
for making great content okay Sara I'm
going to link the out of your video you
can see Sara's video here or here or in
the description below also you should
subscribe to this girl she makes amazing
content I think thank you for making
this video I still can't tell if it's
flattering or just you making fun of me
but I loved it quick break get some
lunch it is straight up pouring outside
right now straight up
porn porn out here I don't like
umbrellas David know I appreciate you
guys Michelle Eva trying to protect your
camera I didn't need another one I did a
whole thing earlier I was talking about
scaffolding and umbrellas are like my
least favorite part of New York City as
a normal New York i also hate umbrellas
people don't know how to walk with them
but on this kind of street you can get
away with it close your umbrella pee go
under this cap or if your umbrella is
bright purple that's also okay okay
we're going to the best Vietnamese
restaurant in lower Manhattan where
everything cost like four dollars this
is also just one of my favorite
restaurants hi ladies
hungry how it look yeah this is perfect
lunch was good but I think we have a
situation
nope they're leaving everything's cool
the current state of my office it makes
me want to cry
I'm not letting perfection be the enemy
of good here I just want to make sure I
do this right otherwise I'm gonna have
to redo it again in like six months also
everybody is making fun of me yesterday
because all of my skin is peeling onto
my shirt I'm sorry I realize I may be
particularly reptilian for the next
couple of days I had a bad sunburn
mishap I just woke up and these are the
consequences of my poor decisions
it'll be healed up soon so my desk here
is almost done but I'm looking at it and
I'm thinking to myself all this valuable
desk surface real estate is being
occupied by these stupid like feet for
these monitors and I had an idea
now I highly highly recommend you do not
try this at home this monitor was not
made to be wall-mounted even if it were
I'm not given best 550 bucks for a mount
that I can make out of a piece of
plywood for $0.50 high so my thinking is
that these plates here will act as a
mount for the wall mount this is the
wall mount that I made mmm that feels
good ha totally works
it's five of three at 3:00 I've got a
very important meeting a lot of this
vlog especially the Q&A is it's about me
sharing what I've learned over my career
with you but every once in a while on
days like today I meet with people and I
get advice for my career people have a
tendency to get very comfortable when
they find any degree of success and
they're like this is good I'm not going
to change anything and then the world
changes around them and what was their
security self destructs avoid comfort
don't wait for the change to happen and
try to figure it out just be the change
then you're always ahead of it I'm
meeting with my trusted friend Ricky you
might recognize Ricky from Ricky founded
a company while he was in college called
college humor he also started another
company called video started another
company called bested teeth he's someone
who's really done a lot with his life
and he's my age Ricky one piece of
business advice for life advice for my
audience of young or not young aspiring
individuals okay I'm gonna give you a
life advice okay I'm gonna say you know
that you've met the person that you're
meant that you should be with when you
ask a question and you can't wait to
hear the answer I think that's true for
Candace and me yeah I hope that's true
for Candace and me Ricky thank you and
thank you for all the advice thanks for
coming down we gotta do this more often
up who's that my door are you taking
auditions here
we are not taking auditions here who are
you looking for okay try going down the
hallway and then there's like a door on
your left
yeah go through there like that
good luck sorry hope you get the part
thanks for coming by
nice work rookie Thank You Kelly for
sending me these cookies Kelly's are
really good like cinnamon sugar
delicious I'm gonna take it with me
later Ricki only the three computer
monitors are finalized and setup but I
got all eight monitors hung and I've got
two more to go tomorrow but this is
progress
I think Candice and I might have a date
tonight
