that is so awesome
I put a new lens on this camera does it
look different better worse like it's a
little better get a little painting yeah
I wish I agreed with that remember in
the Batman from the 80s where the Joker
was played by Jack Nicholson and all of
his like gadgets were pink in green if
you gotta go go with the smoke
I always thought that was the coolest
color scheme
I don't think it was the paint I don't
know why it didn't work it works so well
in Panama maybe it's cuz the rain I'm
gonna try it one more time
not good
okay I'm gonna try it one more time
that was okay
uh totally unsuccessful flight and this
even sound ridiculous but all that was
wrong with it was my phone was soaking
wet so when I was like telling it to go
in a certain direction the touchscreen
was like fizzling out and sending it
into walls but the drone is fine
I mean it's slightly disappointing that
I chipped the new paint job but I can
fix that next sunny day this joker
drones going in the air enough
shenanigans
it's Tuesday hey case why do you hate
free time so much I don't hate free time
at all I love free time I just ain't
free time I envisioned a moment in my
life where I have nothing but free time
but I'm not like a point in my life
right now where there's so much
opportunity in front of me I'm like
still young ish my career's going well
and YouTube and videos and business and
work and family there's so much going on
that right now for me to embrace free
time and nothingness would be for me to
like squander some of that opportunity
opportunity that won't always be there
so I appreciate I love free time but
when there's opportunity in front of you
I feel an obligation to embrace that
opportunity and I'll get to free time
later in life when it's more of a
priority when do you expect the
renovation of your studio to be done
it's going slow very slowly
I need to devote more time and energy to
making it happen I want it done like
yesterday but I've made like no progress
just a huge mess hey Casey I wanted to
ask you whether you will call yourself
baby
George or an extrovert um Mohammed this
is a vlog wherein I share my entire life
with the world I'm an extrovert do you
know exactly how much footage to shoot
in a day to make the editing process
really smooth or do you shoot a lot I
always know what I've like got a
complete vlog right now I paint in my
drone and I've answered three questions
I don't have a complete vlog I know when
I feel like I've got enough material and
I've captured enough of my experience to
share it in a video and I know when I
haven't but the nuance the specifics
like exactly the right amount of footage
and shots in this I have no idea and
there have been times I've sat down to
edit the vlog and like it's just not
there those are usually the ones were
like late at night I'm talking into the
camera from my apartment thoughts on
Kanye's new album mmm
this should make the comment section fun
I'm a big fan of Kanye's music this
album to me felt a little bit unfinished
also check out this picture of me and
Kanye boom don't we look like best
friends in your vlogger almost never
seen cooking do you always eat out the
answer is yes I always eat out and not
like fancy places just like crappy take
out whatever I never cook I don't even
know if I stove in my apartment turns on
I spent the first five years of my
career in a kitchen I was a dishwasher I
was a cook I was a prep cook I was a
line cook and during that time I like
fantasize doing anything with my life
but having to touch and handle food I
have a great appreciation for cooking
I love Lucky Charms but I
zodiac killer well I think it's a great
question and it deserves an inquiry
what's the best alternative to Final Cut
Pro that's less expensive I use iMovie
it's free are you coming to Amsterdam
yeah I think Candice and I will be there
in April or May how do I overcome fears
or phobias
you can either confront them or run from
them both of those will sort of mitigate
the fear where's the best place in New
York City to take time-lapses go to Long
Island City it is the best view of the
like Midtown skyline across the river
what type of blood do you have that's a
weird question how far should you go to
get the body you want that sounds like
an infomercial Achmed uh I don't know I
like to run to stay healthy I don't like
I mean I think I look good in a bathing
suit but that's not why I do it can
Francine walk yet no but she's great on
a skateboard hey Casey just wondering if
you'd ever been offered the opportunity
to work as a DOP for like a major
Hollywood film or if you were off it
would you ever take me the opportunity I
don't know what do pee means that mean
director uh yeah I've had that
opportunity I'm not interested in making
a feature film I produce two features
I'm all too familiar with the process
for me film filmmaking my favorite part
is the sharing part is the actual
showing it to an audience with YouTube I
can make a movie every single day call
it a vlog call it a video call her the
hell you want to call it it's a piece of
content that originated in my brain that
manifested in the form of moving images
and then was distributed to an audience
so however you characterize that that's
what I love that process to me it makes
no difference whether it's shot on
celluloid and projected in a theater
where people watch it on their iPhones
yes I've been offered a number of films
no not super interested in it maybe that
can be my retirement plan okay I have to
go I've got a meeting right now
I'm in the middle of Broadway in the
middle of the street literally in the
middle of traffic standing in the middle
of Broadway where are you how you do it
I have a nice day sir
I'm walking into the meeting right now
with a company ok I can't tell you which
company but I want we're talking about
doing something that I can't talk about
but would be very soon and really
awesome nothing's been confirmed yet
it's all very secretive this could be
major the three hours day fail can you
move along of all time cars alright
thank you um I hope we can make this
happen
hi buddy take care
I don't like to tease things in this
blog as in talk about things I don't
know whether or not they're going to
happen or not but I will be able to say
like tomorrow or Thursday something
amazing and major might be going down on
this vlog very soon going downtown to op
Broadway in Franklin thank you whoo it's
cold it's cold and it's raw outside lot
going on today a lot of movement today
we go back to work now I've got to get a
couple hours in the office yeah then I
got to go home very exciting day I
cannot wait to share with you why I was
excited very exciting day
because the devil son I'm great
remember this person when I left he is
so attractive
