get ready hey five out of photo guys my
friend she comes right to my head really
go down nice my daughter I take care
every day every night you take care
so 4:45 in the morning we just got back
to New York City
if I understand some can I ask you a
title video yep we're back in New York
sorry that's all right
um we going please
thank you sir have a good day oh we got
back to the house
we slept for like four hours it's 11
o'clock now Owen and I are going to the
Apple store and then we're all going to
go out for lunch as a family as a family
oh and please explain what happened to
your laptop
I got stolen in San Francisco how did it
get stolen in San Francisco Owen they
broke into the rental car via the window
one time it's not my fault they like
smashed into the window of his car stole
the kids backpack when he was out there
looking at colleges just a nice honest
college boy gets his stuff stolen
if the cheapest MacBook Air okay I do
MacBook Oh lookie here this thing is
huge you're welcome
lift mission accomplished we got the
least expensive laptop that Apple makes
do you see the World Trade Center it's
right there that's owned that's Candace
that still misses dad
penny home now baby going down for a nap
I'd love to get into the studio into a
little bit of renovation today way
easier to work in there on the weekends
quick coffee break
I really want the theme of my new desk
to be all about surveillance a
panopticon that is panopticon it was a
prison design we're in one guard from
one position could see all of the cells
one guard can monitor the entire prison
okay just stick a pin in that I want to
have like ten monitors showing me ten
different perspectives on the
environment around my office at all
times so for my new desk here I want
this entire wall just to be filled with
monitors now it's like a little bit
crazy but mostly it's like when I'm here
working at my desk and I'm editing and
I'm trying to focus when I hear noises
like someone knocking at the door or
someone buzzing the door downstairs
someone walking through the hallway I'm
really susceptible to distraction and
I'm like what is that and if I can just
look up and see exactly what it is
distraction over back to work so it's
like 98 percent me just being like a
psychopath but like two percent actually
like a pragmatic thing to have all this
surveillance here's where I am so far
this little monitor here it's labeled
two zero one this is so I can see what's
going on outside the 201 entrance to
this office space that monitor is
connected to this hidden camera right
here what's up going it's not for
security because I don't record any of
it
this little monitor this is labeled 202
and this is yet it's outside the 202
door this is like 2 3 on the street
outside my office building this big one
is so I can see what's going on at Bheem
headquarters this here is actually just
of the space behind me this monitor is
kind of a rear view mirror see Owens
standing there waving he's actually just
right here waving what's missing from
all this what I need is a really robust
image of exactly what's happening
outside my office building door on the
sidewalk in front of the building this
huge monitor is for that image this
thing by the way was like $120 on Amazon
remember when these flat screens were
like eight nine hundred bucks probably
not because you're young Owens back here
rifling
my stuff find anything interesting back
there boy somebody sent me this you want
to try and open it I just send it to
locked I don't know probably so I could
open it I mean there are no keys here
that's open
dear Bernd you know Casey were fans of
your movies we shot a short film called
drone blender that has been chosen as an
official selection at the New York City
drone Film Festival we thought you'd
appreciate the destroy drone from our
film dear Billy and Damien I do
appreciate your ingenuity and I thank
you for sending me your busted busted
busted drone II wish you the very best
of luck at the drone Film Festival so
here's where I'm at you get the maximum
quality image I'm going to be using this
GoPro 3 that I have I'm going to run
this out the window and then mount it to
the exterior of the building but I'm
missing a really long mini USB cable to
run constant power this project to be
continued but whatever Owen has on his
feet here what is that are they all set
up properly Thanks so people send me all
kinds of weird stuff in the mail some of
it I play with so that I don't I'm late
with all
oh and plays it at all you just found
these things
whoa do it again
you got to go faster there's no way
you're doing it right no I think I'm I'm
gonna put on a pair and tie these things
yeah
- there's like harley-davidson the store
next door and these ones on their
Harley's like ride up the sidewalk here
this bad road is Harley up up the
sidewalk and I started screaming at him
you know I do what I can is what I'm
saying you know what I mean take
responsibly I'm not going to yell at a
40 year old man influence or something
like that only someone your company city
taking slasher I mean I can tell the
other a part of this community it
suffered so Harley Davidson this message
is for you you should take some
responsibility for your company because
no one in there would take
responsibility for the actions of your
customers and that guy could have killed
somebody
all right back to my roller skates I set
them all up there's just that piecing
it's interesting
where's the scratchy part my feet are
white - no we are way too big for these
things these things are made for
six-year-olds oh these are like roller
skates you put on your sneakers and then
they make sparks but they're made for
little little kids
all right I think that's going to be a
wrap for our sparkling shoes they're
definitely not made for adult size
humans we didn't get the surveillance
wall set up I didn't get the GoPro
working we broke two pairs of rocket
skates I almost got in a fight with a
guy on a Harley we locked ourselves out
of the building oh and you should come
help me at work more often all right
time to get out of here Oh Wyn oh you
look a laid off from your job
