ah
it is a four-day week because yesterday
is a holiday and today we have to deal
with like this flooded basement and the
plumbing and the mess unwelcome
distractions is what these are I would
say that going for a run in the pouring
rain in the middle of February is not a
good way to get over being sick this
morning it wasn't freezing so I figured
I'll go for a little jog it starts
pouring out like six miles out look at
this
drenched oh I feel terrible
I need like Sun or a beach just to get a
wave look at this mush
just nasty gray mush alright it's
Tuesday so you got people by Jack and
all these other boys around you what do
you what are your hopes for them we want
them to be like you and go on to create
bigger and better things so do you want
them to stay at your organization are
you on an airplane I have had the
pleasure of working with or hiring like
quite a few probably like 50 different
employees in my entire career and what I
always say when I hire someone is if
you're still working for me in two years
you're doing something wrong meaning you
should have taken everything there is to
learn from this position and moved on by
now
within two years so when it comes to
someone like Jack you know he works me
for like a year and a half and then we
started beam and he moved into like a
very serious role there I really wanted
to do a normal QA today but this
question is too good I have to dive into
it next plane okay sorry about this I
try not to get distracted but I get
distracted this is too good of a
question we do not properly answer bear
with me here okay
yeah your x-axis here got your y-axis
here these are the jobs you have in life
and here on your y-axis
you got your skills your education your
experience your value and then this this
is you here's your first job maybe it's
at McDonald's
maybe it's at Burger King maybe you're
washing dishes but you do gain skills
education experience your value
increases now the minute you're no
longer going up the minute your
trajectory starts to plateau you have to
move on to job number two and job number
two should increase your value when
you've expired this job you find job
number three the moment you stop going
up and you start to go like this in any
one job and this gap gets big here
that's when it's time to change things
this Plateau which is comfort when
you're doing the same thing day in and
out of your job is when your value
starts to atrophy if it's not going up
it's actually going down because the
rest of the world just keeps moving this
is the only trajectory to do in any
career now this doesn't mean you have to
be quitting your job every six months
this doesn't mean anything like that but
at your job you should always be asking
yourself am i learning new things am i
increasing my value if the answer's no
work harder and find that opportunity or
maybe find a new job so Jack's a really
good example of this yet he's been with
me for a long time but he's never moved
laterally his value is always going up
this is true for every job I've ever had
when I was washing dishes I was learning
how to cook and before I left that job
in the restaurant I was a line cook I
wasn't just a dishwasher every job I've
had in my entire career as like an
orange in the minute there's no more
juice to be squeezed from that orange I
let it go and I move on
there's lens dirty all that rain and
snow don't use lens caps that's better
yeah what's your best piece of advice
for keeping yourself motivated on those
days when you can't even well I don't
really believe in that crap
you know it's like to sit around and say
I'm not motivated so I can't do anything
to me it's the same thing as sitting
around being like I'm so hungry I can't
eat the only way you're going to
alleviate your hunger eat some food the
only way to fix your motivation problem
is to do something thanks for question
Owen this company sent me these
cigarettes that aren't cigarettes to
help you quit smoking I don't smoke and
I don't need to quit smoking but thank
you I'll find somebody to give those to
hey Casey is somebody who takes a lot of
trips and talks a lot of people are you
ever afraid of finding a state of
repetitiveness or do you feel confident
your ability to no I don't feel
confident that I repeat myself every
week what I do these q and A's
definitely feel repetitive and a lot of
the stuff that I do but but vlogging has
taught me that like life is nothing but
like a series of actions over and over
and over and over so if the idea of this
vlog we're vlogging in general is to
share my life with you then there's
going to be repetition in there so I
don't feel insecure about it but I Chris
this is very repetitive don't have flesh
frozen over Chuck I wanted to ask you
what's your favorite 10 I have a dentist
appointment in an hour and 20 minutes
from eating so much candy my favorite
candy is probably Reese's peanut butter
cups I've never been super fond of drugs
not a big drinker I don't party much I
have like no addictions in life but
candy okay the last question
Scotty asks are you going to VidCon this
summer Scotty
yes I am the question is are you coming
to VidCon you know I have to say VidCon
for the uninitiated is like a gigantic
get-together of all the youtubers and
everything else I've said I was very
sceptical at VidCon last year like I
really wasn't sure what to expect but I
was so blown away by what an amazing
event it was I cannot wait to go back
this summer like I want to do something
amazing there
not just like a meet-up or a mean green
I want to do something really incredible
what should it be
thank you love Riley Thank You Riley for
this lovely letter and whatever's in
this lovely little package thanks Riley
dear Casey I like your videos in the
style of your vlogs best of luck Olleh
Olleh thank you for all this candy if I
wasn't going to dentist this afternoon
my plan to eat no sugar has been going
so so I totally fell off the wagon
yesterday and ate so much candy but
besides that I'm like eight days no
candy - yesterday someone day nope I'm
going to dentist right now very nervous
this is not gonna go well at all open
wide and let me see your teeth it's
night time I'm going home I feel like 2%
better but not a hundred percent better
but not good enough to keep vlogging so
that's it I have to stop eating sugar
