like earlier this year maybe this summer
browsing Marfa Texas
and house there is my friend max we're
trying to like plan this movie that he
was trying to make what we're doing out
here today is we're doing more location
scouting for Max's movie all right well
today we're like proper production of
that movie
we're shooting part of it here in New
York City so today's episode will
primarily be a BTS behind the scenes of
max Joseph awesome movie shoot
check out this Belle that's New Jersey
this is max this behind-the-scenes is
for his movie there's only one man that
can ride a booster cord that can do this
shot and that's you we need you
there's no way this should it work do
you think this is gonna work we're
literally so basically have you ever
seen a flipbook and my child you are
talking to the camera you can talk to
the camera I like you you guys have seen
a flipbook
right yeah this is a flip book but kind
of done in real life not in a book so if
we go by all of these plaques right here
at a certain speed it'll create the
effect of an animation I'm gonna be on
the skateboard holding the camera going
at the exact right speed so you can take
that and then you see the animation hey
guys I thought everybody's here how are
you
all right we'll see how well he does
first run first take is a failure all
right so this is gonna be take two I'm
gonna come shooting down here the ground
is so wet that the skateboard is like an
ice skating rink go 25 miles an hour
22 miles an hour facing backwards
take to failure - we're trying some
alternative means of transport now we'll
get this it's not a big deal it's just
the skateboard not quite right for this
all right the brand new electronic
bicycle
you ready back there yet 220 miles an
hour
they still haven't gotten it to work but
I guess progress is being made making
movies is just solving a series of tiny
little problems while we were trying to
fix the broken electric bicycle the Sun
came out the ground is now dry helmets
on I can shoot it on the skateboard
problem solved for the record it was not
that thing that got the shot
it was my skateboard in me that got the
shot he beat the machine
give us the pitch max the video we made
earlier this year do it you can't was
kind of like what happens when the world
and like external forces tell you that
you can't and my seventh-grade vice
principal seventh-grade vice principal
to the haters the doubters my
seventh-grade vice principal but this is
about like the seventh-grade vice
principal in your head those are kind of
the forces I know I struggle with - I
didn't upload this morning because
voices in my head were telling me like
my videos not good enough and I don't do
it I can't do it yeah I've got a lot of
that like you can't do that or you suck
at that or you're never going to do that
or you're not gonna pull that off and
and every time I even try to make
something I have to move past all of
that stuff so I decided to make this
video kind of just about dealing with
that voice and like how you grapple with
it wrestle with it dance with it and and
hopefully ultimately overcome it we are
now on our way to location number two
we're no longer in New Jersey we're back
to Manhattan in the West Village the
second location
no too slow too slow
whoo look at that one is it good
I'm gonna say you're going to slowly
begin to men
the framing your framing needs a little
adjustment
last shot of the day is in Brooklyn
we're going to Brooklyn now look at that
do you miss this city living in LA I
miss it in October and September right
now the best is the best time of the
year now
so as you can see max is over my
shoulder holding the camera in the air
getting the animation while I'd ride the
motorcycle with one hand building the
behind-the-scene hey Paul can you Paul
can you hold this for me
yeah
thank you we got it we got the shot we
got everything we need it for today but
max is a little obsessive and he keeps
thinking it's doing it over and over and
over again are we done no I even think
the one before that was better it's good
though is it amazing amazing okay all
right it's like a week later I'm just
finishing editing this behind the scenes
that you've been watching I'm in my
pajamas sorry Max's movie the movie that
this vlog is about we're premiering that
like a screening event in three days he
just sent me like a rush cut of the last
sequence he's gonna be super pissed at
me when he knows that I shared this with
you but just let me just this is like
low-res let me just show you how
incredible there you are
all right I can't show you anymore
Maxwell stop being friends with me but
movies coming out soon max you've
created a masterpiece
okay that is a wrap on the tooth max
went to his hotel I'm going to go home
now
and now I'm back in Manhattan
