oh my god dude I came when I came in
here it was like it was like Niagara
Falls today is a holiday here in the
States
it's not a real holiday called
Presidents Day just a stupid holiday
where nobody works and it makes it
really hard to get anything done if they
have holidays where people don't have to
work during the week why don't they have
reverse holidays where everyone has to
work on the weekends if I were in charge
dear Canon quick question what were you
possibly thinking when you thought it
was a good idea to put this little
button right here let me explain this is
the canon g7x widely regarded as the
best point for vlogging on the market I
agree that it's the best point in shoot
for vlogging on the market but why why
does it have this stupid button right
here it's really a super huge big deal
because when you use this camera you use
this flip up monitor right here so you
can see yourself so you vlog like this
now when the monitor is flipped up
you can't hold them from the sides
there's no way you can't hold it from
the top because the monitors in the wet
the only way to hold it is like this
your thumb lands there and your other
finger lands right here directly over
this button finger button finger button
finger button I'm holding it like this
I'm recording this happens to me all the
time I accidentally pushed the stupid
button and what happens it cancels my
recording stops recording and asks me to
enter a nickname for this camera who
gives the camera a nickname I give my
dog a nickname
I don't need to interrupt a shoot to
give my camera a nickname now to simply
about a product that's just complaining
I prefer to offer solutions because
that's constructive
surround me
there are disadvantages go ahead and
there we go the piece of the CD covers
the button so no matter how much I
squeeze it will never activate it again
tape holds it in place
boof okay
really snowing out right now this is
Griffin you know I shot an awesome movie
a little while ago
he's like a 360 BR specialist and we
shot a 360 movie wherein we buy like
illegal counterfeit purses it's a pretty
sensational video but we just sort of
finished a lot of the busy work on it so
maybe I'll release it this week this is
the really really gnarly scene where
like the dudes that we're selling the
counterfeit purses just started
screaming at me and those are the guys
that weren't happy to see me very very
very crazy right now
so I'm gonna finish this movie soon and
I'll post it but it's 360 so you can
like you can spin the camera around and
everything and we're just like buying
illegal purses you see Deadpool yet /
yes you see it right now
good how old are you 22 buzzer yeah
let's go we're gonna be late
you coming a movie nom Godspeed sir good
to see you again buddy I'll let you know
when I post this 360 video so excited
flat tire but tire
yeah nice Keanu Zonda how else am I
supposed to see
last night in the sub-zero weather we
attempted and failed to see Deadpool
today in the blizzard snowy we're going
to see Deadpool also
I'm just kind of excited about this
movie I don't mean to like be promoting
it if it sucks you can count on me
saying it sucks
check out my hair this is what I look
like if I gray hair like max Joseph kind
of a good look
Wow look at this it's 25 degrees out
right now big the theater okay all right
I would do it on time I just realized
I'm bringing a huge camera on a huge
tripod into a movie theater all right
going into the theater turning this off
now jump my camera again just finished
Deadpool it was pretty great scale of 1
to 10 I would say it's like a solid
eight eight and a half it was like they
pretty much nailed it I lost my little
brother
holy snow look how much snow there is
hmm
Dean about the bikes where are you it's
a problem with having one bike lock all
righty
see you later good Vivian Gemma good
luck getting home
yeah little yeah I got it for ya yeah
yeah sorry and all your your food that's
fun later
whoo
I'm the bug in the snow never easy
I have slick bald tires on my bicycle
they are not made for this kind of
weather
covering some distance and look at that
flat tire
I'm back at the office jack just called
me he said a pipe burst or something
like that and there's flooding in the
basement of beam headquarters going on
here water walled up the pipe Road hi
Lord of height in his own bedroom in the
bathroom yeah okay Jack or the pop cars
okay oh my god dude I came when I came
in here it was like it was like Niagara
Falls since happening in the basement
did they shut off the water yeah it was
it was we're gonna see honey it was
pouring pouring down
it's like sheets of water when I came in
here all on the second floor oh what a
disaster
not the end of the world just a little
flooding not our fault the building's
problem there you deal with it tomorrow
I'm going home
holy accident oh my
