Francine's home baby she sits at night
it's morning in Baltimore I'm here today
to speak at an event for kids not kids
teenagers pretty excited about it
hey what are you doing today are you
gonna come with me I don't know what
this one and this one are gonna do I
also think getting sick
do I sound sick it sounds sick I sound
sicker than yesterday right honey what
should I do with my hair
bye girls I'll see you later they're
gonna meet me later
I need a little more time to get ready
look that's Baltimore so this morning
I'm doing like a workshop with a bunch
of kids I think a lot of kids actually
and then tonight I'm going to be
speaking to like 3,000 kids should be
really fun day I love doing these things
I think that's good yeah it's beautiful
that's water
yeah those are wonderful thank you so
this room is for like 400 kids but
apparently like beating down the door
and they've got police officers and
security guards holding them back that's
security there
things are getting crazy outside the
door go here hallo
take this camera and film the scene
outside that door
oh I can't do it see ya hi guys any day
I'm telling her Casey wants me to film
the crowd room hey guys this is Casey
that's that fun they're letting the kids
in now so we're back here hiding until
they let the kids in then we're gonna go
out there and say hi Calvin your vlog
yeah you can be at my blog you don't
have to come this way okay you're in the
vlog nice snug yeah the vlog tell me
what to expect out there if someone
comes up to my office you will step in
front of them asking to be seated
after that you can continue on perfect
or you can stay with me is accreditor
yeah you're more intimidating scary
all right it is my honor and privilege
to introduce to you Casey nice at a
YouTube filmmaker and creative give him
a round of applause
before we get started you guys want to
be in the block
that was extremely extremely intense I'm
back at the hotel room now waiting for
Candace and Francine they should be back
here shortly lunch maybe
man that was nuts this morning you got
it Francine they're having lunch down
some sort of tourist trap kind of
restaurant in your hotel it's like five
below zero out so we can't move around
super well especially with especially
with this one here and it's got a crowd
kick because that's what you're supposed
to go in here and Baltimore are you
tired scale of one to ten solid since
tonight I'm giving like another talk
which leaves this big window in the
middle of the day for for nothingness
and that's we're doing right now
she's so tired all right I'll be back
I'm on a mission Francine has the
sniffles so I'm going solo to get food
for the family and some stuff from MIA
from the pharmacy
honestly I spent the afternoon sleeping
I'm not feeling fantastic either
have a good night okay mission
accomplished I got get this stuff from
the pharmacy I got the food I got them
North man the milkshake honey I got the
goods
this happens infrequently but I am happy
to say I'm early to meet my escort to
walk over to the Convention Center I was
feeling super tired and sluggish because
I think I'm sick earlier I went to gym
exercise sort of mostly watch TV on my
phone
exercise then took a shower which is
technically liquid sleep now I feel like
ready ready for the world I mean you can
still tell I look a little sick but I
feel ready for it how many people is
very good
we're backstage right now a quick peek
of what's going on around the corner
okay I might uh how about to you on
stage I'm not bringing the camera on
stage that is not a good look I'm going
on stage I'm leaving you in charge of my
camera what I need from you I need magic
okay I'll give you magic I'm trusting
you this week here and right good luck
one eternity later
that's the magic did you get some good
footage I said I'm trying to get out of
here these kids are screaming my name so
I'm gonna go see that really fast bye
guys I will yeah okay that was fun
now I'm going home and join the bed
these eggs for the baby were $24 you
want more eggs similarly
