special statement February 12 2016 major
outbreak of cold air this weekend
temperatures will fall close to zero in
and around New York City cold spells of
this magnitude bring a risk of frostbite
and hypothermia for anyone who does not
take proper precautions waiting outside
but I'm totally warm check this out this
construction worker jacket takes a
battery so it's heated this is like and
look look at look this is that awesome
it's like wearing an electric it's like
wearing an electric blanket all the time
Candis and I are leaving town later this
afternoon super short day but I want to
take care of this before I leave the
office so
that's kind of sad the jersey the movie
I made about these shelves watch it
right here you know one thing I do want
and I really miss is that while you're
out of all this stuff and have like a
couch here like a little bit of like a
chill zone do you like like sit and if
you have this in black thank you again
for your help that place has great
couches not ready to commit to a couch
yet soon good look at this no look at
this necklace Candice Gatorland
what's up with this necklace that you
gave Jack he's so mad all the time can I
show this in the vlog yet oh okay but if
I show this in the vlog everyone's gonna
get really excited about it okay oh my
god it's so good it's so good I have to
get back the vlog now so we're still
like this afternoon
alright I'm out for the weekend of
leaving you in charge I'll see you later
jack supplies aren't they yeah yeah no
don't start the beer club hmm so we're
headed to Baltimore tonight the train is
at 5:00 we were supposed to leave this
house at 4:20 Candace isn't home the
baby's still asleep
Candace has impact
baby's awake time to go
yep that's me I'm okay how you doing we
wouldn't have forgotten you we wouldn't
have forgotten oh I was coming back to
get you you were with the babysitter
all right there's good news and bad news
the bad news is that we are super super
super late to get the train station and
I have no good news chances are we're
going to miss the train
yeah
we make it we're gonna make it by
seconds our train is at 6:00 all right
here's the deal
I think that the train is delayed even
though it's not listed as delayed we
don't know what track I think we're
gonna make it though 9 delay right it's
officially delayed doesn't say I don't
know if I mentioned this on the vlog but
I need Penn Station every train in and
out of here has been delayed to 44
trucks I guess there's a mechanical
problem in the tunnel or something brown
bagging up handy come on dr. pepper it's
just what the doctor or not
still here
ready right this is it I think we're
actually leaving
we're now on the six o'clock train we
rushed for it is 7:30 I know
the baby has not slept at all she's just
been screaming the entire ride we're
exhausted trying to sleep Baltimore
talked about fixation the fake
Francine this is Baltimore this is
Baltimore do you love the hotel room
alright come on bedtime
