I have this really great movie I want to
make but I need blue skies and bright
Sun just gray sobre outside today is day
2 of studio construction let me bring
you up to speed
yesterday I not so gracefully removed
then I installed this desk here and
removed what was like a storage wall
with boosted boards and all kinds of
other crap on it to make room for this
new desk area my thinking with this
construction project is extremely
calculated but not super efficient you
see I'm going to tackle one construction
aspect at a time complete that perfect
that then move on to the next thing
number one was building a new desk for
myself let me walk you through exactly
what I'm thinking here
relocation destination of the new desk
is don't own an area that currently
takes care of the red boxes the boosted
board the gimbal the drone storage the
office supplies in the magazine archive
after the desk relocation the new area
will house the hard drives the
typewriter the surveillance monitors the
regular monitors and the computers which
is great but then all the things that
were in the location that is now the
desk relocation become a problem where
do I put that what that means right now
is not pretty at all my organized office
back here this is what it looks like now
so each solution presents a problem
and that completes the overall shape of
the new desk feels pretty good as I was
tearing apart my desk out there I
remembered in 2000 in 2012 I shot this
entire movie about my studio and I never
edited the movie ever and had all these
crazy scenes like this one right here I
had like a friend of mine come in a girl
who was not my current wife um we were
just friends up with like a trench coat
nothing on under it and she like came
into my office and then my assistant at
the time like was peeking through the
eye hole and I was able to spot him on
my mom it's like this crazy movie about
this studio ah okay the majority of the
rest of the vlog I'm just going to piece
together that movie and give you like a
taste of what this studio can look like
in its prime this is unseen footage from
an unfinished movie from 2012
to
equipped
to God
breathe up to
brain
yo you want to get dollar pizza Oh
gipsy
from the past man you didn't look
different back then
all right gotta get out of here going to
meet Candace in the baby for dinner
tomorrow all of these boxes come down
good gypsy
- people don't like so I hope you know
about the giveaway I did this week give
you a this here hoverboard in this year
snowboard I'm gonna pick the winners
right now I did this giveaway on
Instagram
alright it won't load any more comments
past Kyle billig so that makes you Kyle
billig that makes you the winner yo you
won the hoverboard let me know where to
ship it mm-hmm congratulations Kyle I
hope you get back to me otherwise I'm
gonna give it to someone else and
pretend this never happened
ah oh steena Justin a JP you won the
snowboard let me know where to send it
also how tall are you I have a shorter
one and a taller one alright that's it
it sent this concludes this week's
months
that's this that concludes the giveaway
