totally crash it I was thinking to be a
good day to do some testing and figuring
things out with this gear that I've got
it's also like the coldest day of the
year so maybe today this is the most
intense shipment of selfie sticks
heading back out now it's just so cold
out I'm gonna put on all the clothes
that I have here
probably I don't have much a lot of
lines of one clothing got a sweatshirt
here this is gotta be warmer than my
leather jacket hope I don't freeze
I can't feel my face right now and I
don't mean in a sexy way like that song
a little face will know you
I mean literally I can't feel my face so
I think that the reason why I'm always
crashing my drones and like breaking all
of my gear is because I don't invest any
time in learning how to use it properly
okay here's the plan
I've got both my drones I've got
software for both drones so supposed to
follow me it supposed to do what I tell
it to do
I brought my crappy little drone and I
brought my really good enormous drone
get into a quick test flight to see how
it performs in this wind
houston we have a problem there's no way
they're gonna give me a hard time I'll
just wait I did what could she possibly
how you doing I believe in following the
rules and not breaking the law but
sometimes the rules just make no sense
like why can't I fly my drone here
there's an anyone for like a mile in any
direction she said this is private
property I don't even know what that
means this is a public park and just you
know that woman who was lovely she was
not a police officer she was like a park
something the Sun just went away that's
not gonna help my coldness
we are airborne
all right so far so good feel free
every time I fly a drone I crash it
there's nothing out here I do see the
humor in this every single time there's
nothing out here except for the pole
right behind me and that's what I just
crash this thing into
I am really good at a lot of things
flying drones is not one of them now I'm
going to send up the second string here
junior varsity oh yeah there little guy
you can do it okay that worked out
really well
whoa oh yeah
cold my hands are hey I got the footage
not a total disaster this is exactly why
I can't give up on flying a drone this
footage looks so good
just wish I was better at checking the
footage now in the little crappy drone
this thing looks like it was here's a
side by side of the DJI phantom which is
like Rockstar status and this thing
kudos the little guy for always fitting
in my backpack
but when it comes to quality it's like
it's just not good enough
remember my friend rel can't hold this
one Sam
you
when he's in the blog he talked about
the big Hollywood feature-length movie
that he was making and then he had a
part for me in thriller teen thriller
teen thriller one night in Manhattan how
we're done were putting it together but
we still got to shoot your piece I'm
still in it yeah you're still in it man
tonight we're shooting my part does this
happen uh yeah well yeah comedian talked
me through my scene here all right
all right we don't a this on the record
well I wouldn't be so loud about it this
is for a movie and this is acting
you get dared to steal a cop's gang by
your fans basically your watchers
they've completely put together like
thousands of dollars to basically dare
you to do it and so we're gonna find you
halfway into your attempt to do it so we
have two actors with us there and
they're both in police officer uniforms
these are our these are our tops here
where's that where's the where's yeah
they took they took my we're gonna save
it so kids still stole it already that's
the fifth one this month so this is the
location just look you show us that cop
look I picked up maybe talking this guy
or something
show us that cop and that's and then I
think you go into right here um right
and we're into here
vlog audience I can show you everything
but the scene that rel is going to use
because that's for his movie but here's
where we are so far one cop actor is
here the other cop actor is inside I
sneak up on this actor I pretend to
steal this actors propped weapon and
then I run and this actor is going to
react come after me I don't know it just
needs to feel very real just to be just
the Undertaker this is an actor these
are fake props from a costume store
he looks so real
yeah no this is goodra
all right here we go we did one take and
went pretty well this is take two right
here ready yeah let's do another take
we're going officer thank you sir you
know you're the author you have to call
me uh honk
pug hey stay safe so I think we got it
even though my camera screwed up like
five times in a row then we'll cut to
you can cut there yeah so definitely
this is gonna work this is gonna work
this is gonna work how do you feel do
you feel like we got it yeah I feel like
we nailed it
oh man that was fun I love making movies
with you kids I know it's in a while
good ol days just like you know then
cool story good sure oh when is this
movie in theaters roughly summer 2016
okay yeah that's pretty soon summer
that's very soon I'm taking this footage
right now to LA to sound mix and finish
the score and we shot it on a
point-and-shoot yep just like the old
just like the old days see kids you
don't need this studio you don't need a
big camera you'll need 50 per oh you
have a studio a 50 percent and you shot
this in Hollywood yeah but it's alright
the balance it's just a palette by then
awesome shoot Oh
every single time
