I I just made that using just like a
Face Swap app and when I showed it to
Francie and she started crying this
fantastic photographer named Kat is
coming by this morning to take our
picture for this is just for herself I
don't understand what you want me to do
right now
won't you switch those two light bulbs
but you're not being able to get that
out I felt like it was gonna break in my
hand I can get it out okay oh I will
clean this I'll make the bed for the
next six months if I can't get this out
woody what are you gonna do for me if I
can get the light bulb out Candice
here on the bottom
make out we don't we're not make out
all right in that window
she asked us to make out for that shot
we interrupt our program to bring you
this important message actually this is
not a super important message but I do
need your help I was nominated for a
youtuber of the Year award at the Shorty
Awards and I need you to vote for me the
link is below toppling it's not that I
care about winning it's just that I hate
losing so please I ask of you go below
it takes like I don't know how long it
takes pick me for youtuber of the year
now back to our normally scheduled vlog
I don't know how long this has been down
here but I can think of a lot of places
more appropriate to store a DVD recorder
than under a radiator
this is one and a half inch plumbing
pipe these are flanges it's my favorite
thing to make desks out of
the entire group support area needs to
be relocated that's going to go in the
back where the rest of the stuff is
going to go this is for work that is for
stuff
a lot of work to do a lot of work to do
but it's Tuesday and consistency is
everything we were wondering where
they're gonna take Francine to Disney
World
I'm actually really looking forward to
taking the kid to Disney World but she
like can even go to the grocery store
now without freaking out so I don't know
when she's like three out four three
something great question guys hey Casey
this is a random question but are you a
good dancer I don't think that questions
random at all and the answer is no my
grandmother was a Rockette on Broadway a
like fabulous superstar dancer she
taught dance her entire life I took
lessons from her for seven years I never
got past the baby class that's the
two-year-old the five year olds the kids
kept growing up I stayed in the same
class I can do a time step though this
is as good as I got there's no time step
let's see a snow the turn step two I can
edit video like nobody's business but I
don't have an ounce of rhythm in my
entire body you ever think about moving
to San Francisco you know I spend a lot
of time in San Francisco for for work
but I don't think I could live there at
least not now at this point in my life I
couldn't live there it's an amazing city
though my questions about music
clearances I wonder how you deal with
that you've got the Frank Sinatra song
on your skiing video how do you monetize
these videos when you can't use cover
well the truth is I don't like the
reason why the Frank Sinatra video is
blocked in a lot of countries is because
I don't have permission to use that song
so the label blocked it in a bunch of
countries it's completely out of my
control and if you go back and look at
all of my videos before well most of my
videos before I started vlogging I use
songs that I didn't have the rights to
all the ads you see those aren't mine
hey Casey what career choice do you
Lansing to pursue I say this to Owen I
say this to anybody I love or care about
I don't care it's whatever makes you
happy if that means waiting tables if
that means working with your hands as
long as your work is fulfilling you're
doing the right thing hey Casey what
would you say to some people who judged
every Muslim because of other terrorists
Muslims actions not quite loves you
no matter where you go in this world no
matter who you talk to in this world you
will always find good people and you
always find bad people and that includes
all races all religions all ethnicities
are politically everything and the fact
that some very narrow-minded typically
very dim people will associate an entire
religion or an entire race with
something negative is tremendously is
horrible it's absolutely terrible and
the xenophobia that is like promoted by
so many politicians in this very country
is really really scary stuff and they
use it as a way to get people scared
when people are scared they want to act
and protect themselves and build walls
and go to war and do things like that
which unfortunately makes fear-mongering
a very effective political tool and
that's why we see so much of it but what
do I think of what you described which I
would call racism I hate it I hate it it
frustrates me I'm going to end today's
Q&A with a little story this is a super
old picture this is probably like 10
years old that's my homie Juarez I think
I have another picture of Juarez back
here somewhere
all right see this awesome guy with the
tiger that that's my friend Juarez
Juarez is one of the first people I ever
met when I moved to New York City and I
met him in like it must have been
October of 2001 when I met him he had
two huge black eyes and he had those two
black eyes because he was jumped and
beat up after September 11th for being a
Muslim now he's not a Muslim he's seek
but he happens to have a beard and a
turban
so some ignorant Bulls beat him up for
no reason and when I see a great guy I
mean he's an amazing guy he's like a
jewelry designer and when I called him
and I was like I need a ring for Candace
he like stopped everything and he made
Candace's wedding ring for me
like a custom like amazing guy he's also
an amazing actor maybe you've seen him
that's a movie called The Life Aquatic
with Steve Zissou Bill Murray directed
by Wes Anderson amazing movie last night
Juarez was not led on an airplane in
Mexico because of his turban era Mexico
kicked me off flight / turban that's
right he didn't get to fly because of
his turban unbelievable
now that is like well that's stupidity
is what that is but that's also racism
and Prejudice 'no sand and all those
horrible things that that someone like
juarez despite how handsome he is
because of his traditions he didn't get
to fly that is insane i can't tell you
how frustrating that is
the doorbell just rang and it was a
gigantic box of gigantic box of cookies
with a note Oh fresh okay see I saw that
you're redoing your office I can help
you I live in New York and have a
construction background this is why I'm
such a positive outlook on the world
even though things like that happened to
my friend Juarez the world is filled up
with mostly good people that still needs
to be levelled and properly put in place
but not a bad start for day one I have
to get back to work now so construction
will resume tomorrow
we just
