yeah
t-g I am when I first first first moved
to New York City like 2001 I used to
work while sitting on a futon that was
also my bed then when I was living with
these two girls three girls I was making
these movies with my brother van where
we had to burn a whole bunch of candles
and the girls like wanted me to leave
the apartment because they were afraid I
was going to burn it down that was my
first ever laptop and when I got that I
could kind of work anywhere that was
that was a big deal I'm skipping a lot
of stuff but it was 2004 or 2005 when I
got a space that was just dedicated to
work and that was this space but didn't
look anything like it does right now
it was just like four white walls in
this like industrial building but it was
amazing
getting my own workspace was the biggest
deal was the biggest thing happening it
was like a huge inflection point in my
career in 2007 maybe something like that
we got the budget for the HBO show and
we knock down this wall here and
connected this space with this space
making one larger space that
construction project was the narrative
for the first episode of mate vo show
I shared my first bedroom with my
brother until I was
when I was really young it seemed cute
but as I got older it got smaller and
smaller
what was once my own Palace had become a
closet the source of my ever-present
claustrophobia the studio is a fourteen
by eighteen foot box just like my old
bedroom then I'd grown out of it
stronger painting lighting everything
done in five 24 hour blitzkrieg style
shifts there's so much we can do now
with this space so much work being made
I haven't watched any of that HBO show
in a very long time Wow it's like
stepping into a time machine watching
that before I built this wall here this
was like an open space check out how
dope a I'm on the skateboard circa 2008
I got a brand-new skateboard this week I
spray painted it white you wrote my name
on
it's the first new skateboard I've had
since I was 14 and then someone sat at
this desk over here and then somewhere
inside in that desk over there and then
eventually I turn this space over here
into like a regular workspace and not an
office space and then the point is this
studio has seen like a thousand
iterations and each one of those
iterations was done with a very specific
purpose to maximize the efficiency and
productivity of this studio now I
realize it may seem neat in here it may
seem organized in here it's not this
isn't that big of a space a lot happens
in here and there's a lot going on here
perfection is essential to productivity
so something I've been thinking about
for a long time and today will be like
the initiation of is completely redoing
this entire studio I mean like
completely redoing it today is going to
be about assessing the potential and
really figuring out what's wrong with
this space all the snowboard gear here
wrong this is like another place to edit
video it's completely wrong this entire
area here this entire hallway here this
has become where like shirts and clothes
and old backpack saying all these
mailtime packages here this was designed
as a camera storage battery charging
facility instead it's become this dump
we're all like my most precious I don't
use this I use this test this shooting
table here it's perfect my woodshop here
perfect skateboard rack perfect so where
does that leave me I would say 70% of
this office needs to be completely
redone 30% is good this is preliminary
stuff here but I think it's important to
start planning immediately
the main problem is this area's wildly
underused this area is overused I spend
a lot more time editing out here because
I need the daylight coming through these
windows here here's what I'm thinking of
committing to today all of the storage
gets moved back to where the current
office is my new future desk is where
the drones currently are and where my
boosted boards are this is an important
first step a desk that goes around and
around move the skateboards move the
boxes move all of this stuff move the
drones yes get it out this entire area
dump it this desk race it space this
entire area everything behind me just
storage when you walk through this door
you enter into like a camera tripod
skateboard drone snowboard picture Willy
Wonka's factory no candy only ear that
just makes so much more sense than
having it scattered everywhere today
felt like a very necessary first step
this is something that's been eating
away at me for a long time now by making
this video I am obliging myself to do it
normally I would throw everything I've
got at this and just get it done fast
but I lack the resources currently so
one step at a time
construction begins first thing tomorrow
I was with a friend of mine last week
and he said just make a decision it'll
be the right decision
but just make a decision you'll make it
right that's like a particularly
inspiring statement for me to hear right
now we're moving forward trying to get
this new apartment making the decisions
around it completely redoing the studio
feels really good you just make the
decision and then you act on yeah
