this isn't really like a real video or a
blog or anything like that
this whole upload is more like an excuse
to show off some really sweet drone
footage I've got all right let me
explain hey nice to meet you I'm flying
from Jakarta back to New York City but
at a layover in Doha that I didn't
really understand so it's 1 o'clock
right now my flights at 1:30 but this is
1:30 in the morning not 1:30 this
afternoon so I don't have a half an hour
to kill I haven't 12 and a half hours to
kill so much a couple of hours in the
lounge and it wasn't it I mean the
lounge is fine it's a great Airport
lounge I just I can't anymore these
little cookies and I can only escape
word around that lounge so much before I
started to lose interest lord
so I thought what the hell I've got 12
hours I might as well check out Doha
what the hell is got 12 hours of kill I
might as well check out Doha I took a
taxi from the airport I found hotel I
took a taxi from the airport to this
hotel and then went for a little run and
on that run I was looking around like
wow this place is beautiful
it's beautiful out here look at this
force huge and I thought why not fly my
drone so here's my video which is
nothing more than gratuitous drone
cinematography of the beautiful Doha
pretty right so that's that's kind of it
that's kind of the whole video now it's
9:30 in the p.m. and I don't need to be
back to the airport till midnight so
