last week the company had made the
snowboard that I was riding in the
snowboarding versus the NYPD video if I
can they sent me three brand new boards
just because they're awesome
this is like my favorite snowboard in
the world they're handmade in the USA
and it says the person's name who made
it on the board I don't need three of
them in fact the one that actually used
in the video is fine just a little
scratched up I definitely don't need
four of them okay then
this brand spanking new hoverboard
showed up in the mail with a note that
said this hoverboard will not blow up
this hoverboard has built-in speakers
and this is the smoothest hoverboard
you'll ever ride signed Gideon okay
Gideon I really really appreciate you
sending me this hoverboard I have a
couple hoverboard I don't need another
hoverboard I appreciate it but I know
there's somebody out there who doesn't
have a hoverboard that will love this
thing way more than I could so I'm going
to give these both away a hoverboard and
a snowboard so I thought I'd shifted up
this time and do it on Instagram instead
of YouTube so go to Instagram say in the
comments whether you want the hoverboard
or the snowboard and then I will
announce in the vlog like this week
maybe Wednesday or Thursday who the
winner is just a couple of things this
is not a sponsored giveaway libtech the
snowboard company does not know I'm
doing this giveaway libtech I hope
you're cool with it I really appreciate
the snowboard I just don't need all
these and then Gideon scooters who sent
me this hoverboard I hope you're not mad
that I'm giving it away I just really I
appreciate you sending it by just I know
there's like somebody out there who's
always wanted a hoverboard okay that's
it those are the only good luck boys and
girls
