it's 1:00 p.m. on a Saturday or in a
grocery store within this Russia store
all day
now we're shopping so Candace to get a
new coat
today is kind of a special presentation
on the vlog all right I made this movie
like three years ago and I just thought
like there's so much more to this movie
I should talk about it the movie is
called my girlfriend Candace and I made
it way before Candace and I were married
it's here if you haven't seen it yet
this vlog might not make sense if you
don't watch this first what are you
doing
this is this is Candace if you don't
know Candace she's my wife
Candace is currently raiding the mail
time packages that people have sent me
well I open them or they stay here for a
long long time well I try to open them
it's just they're kind of overwhelming
what have you found
whoo look at this package beef jerky you
have a look at the drawing oh that is
awesome thank you Anna Davey
wait did this all come this is in here
Candace yes I figured it out okay put
your iPhone in the blue one and then
with your iPhones in the blue one you've
had two blue into the purple one and it
does something it's a battery but why do
you mean what is the point maybe you
need an extra battery but you know what
I always have a fat case damn
okay this product is called in infant
case thank you and fin case for several
media Oh is there anything else that you
want to open before we can start today's
program where's that thing that
somebody's
I use it like the x-ray vision goggles
so you can look into all the boxes
without I don't add what do you think of
that movie through five years three
years later well I remember the phone
call in Paris no I don't I don't think
you're annoying or spoiled and I thought
it was very like an odd conversation but
then when I got home and I saw the note
from you like my heart dropped and I was
like oh what cuz you know I was trying
to get back together with you yeah so
this movie starts for those you who
haven't seen with us in 2005 when we
went and got married now this wasn't
like when we actually got married look
we're wearing bathing suits and then we
got it like an old immediately
thereafter do you think that that
initial marriage was a bad idea yes her
parents were so upset with us okay so
this whole movie revolves around us
going on an RV trip from New York to
Florida clothes like pooping here
I like my toilets to be stationary
roughing it is not something Candice's
either good at or enjoys it smells like
I feel like we fought like we didn't
talk for a few days after the trip we
fought on the trip I know but I feel
like after it was like I don't know if I
can hang out with this guy anymore
there's no sure way to find out whether
you like someone or hate them and then
to travel with family that's harsh let's
finish the movie now pre um trip
interview I'm excited as excited as
could be maybe you don't know this have
literally never addressed this but I had
braces like until about a year ago in
this movie was shot right before I got
those braces and look at the crookedness
of these he look like a hillbilly
they're getting crooked again my necks
you don't wear your retainer I need to
wear my retainer okay that's the movie
we stopped at a hotel
we were all set it really negates the
whole point of having an RV if you don't
sleep in it no yes we did make that
agreement I would never have gone on it
know what thinking that we were going to
sleep and drive in that thing for 36
hours
this scene which was shot on three iPods
where it's all choreographed with us on
three iPods that that was shot way after
the fact but that's definitely my
favorite scene in the whole movie for a
good part of our adult lives we've been
stuck in this cycle it's the same story
you've heard a million times at first
everything is all lovey and great then a
little tension a pull and we both walk
away and we break up
a little time and we forget why we were
mad with little effort we're back
together then it breaks off it feels so
real so permanent
but time heals all and again we forget
now here we are
just a little just pause a little
context there's no way that I could
capture in any movie just how tumultuous
our relationship was until we got
married I mean in like six years we
probably broke up six times at least but
I mean like serious breakouts were like
seeing other people breakups and like I
had to go get a tattoo break up and like
get skinny hot breakup but to get me
back yeah just like that that's what
girls do when you got to get skinny not
you just as a little q what were we
talking about before I interrupted Steve
the context there's something funny like
you get mad if you crazy
that is doing
I'm just saying they're like maybe I
should be with somebody
I can't imagine my life without you in
it
it was a really gnarly relationship the
kind of relationship where your friends
are like I don't want to ever hear that
name again yeah and then my sisters like
you will end up together my mom's like
just leave him alone and Marcie's like I
can't deal with you anymore
and then everything worked out now we
had like the most perfect happiest man
marriage ever because we literally
almost broke up yesterday yeah and every
day
you want to not fight on a trip like
this I never want to fight ever but
there was a lot left ignored
we'd been broken up for a while plus we
hadn't slept much and I'd done a
terrible job planning this trip and
Candice had been a pretty good sport
about it hey we shot that movie in 2011
I didn't put that on line until 2013 the
reason why is I knew the minute I put it
on line that I was you know after
proposed to you and then marry you but
why do you think that well because I
think that like by bru leasing that
putting that in the public there's a
level of accountability there and if I
were to make a movie like that about you
and show it the world that means I
couldn't date anyone else I just say
that's the thing is he wouldn't be able
to date anyone else no way
all right I think that's it I hope you
enjoyed this behind the seat Candace
brought an entire bag of cookies for
this little like screening project and
she's really doing a hell of a job why
would you open the bag like that what's
easier to get to them this that that is
why this marriage there that is why this
marriage
you know I opened up the box of Lucky
Charms yesterday and you opened it from
the bottom how do you how is this
marriage supposed to work if that's the
kind of behavior I have to deal with she
tore the cookie back open from the side
who does that
hydrogen fYI this dog is 14 years old so
we should put her in the blog more
because she's a senior citizen
