one vehicle that the crane just came
right on top of it this is like one
block from here
Oh smokes
that's the crane
somebody just told me that that's where
it was and it fell this way
when I was up here last week shooting my
drone recovery video I I got this shot
of the building where the crane was with
the crane on it just by chance and
that's it that was the whole shot here's
what it look like this morning with the
crane gone
there's the crane they're super insanely
scary stuff bad stuff happens all the
time in this city but this was two
blocks from my house in every vlog where
we see Francine in me or Candice
Francine in me walking to Whole Foods we
walk down the street that this crane
fell on all those shots you see on the
news of the crane smashing through cars
those are the cars we walk past to get
to the grocery store
alright let's lighten up the vlog a
little bit
I haven't done mealtime in a while and
this isn't a normal male time I don't
have nice things I don't have nice
things because I break everything I can
another fancy talks I destroy it instead
I Drive the toughest vehicle I can find
a busted-up Jeep even the camera
equipment that I own is all broken
I don't wear fancy clothes I don't have
like any jewelry my glasses look like
this the one exception to this is the
fact that I wear like this ridiculous
Rolex
let me explain the Rolex my in-laws that
is Candace's parents got it for me as a
wedding present very generous of them
and I literally remember opening the box
like two days before the wedding day and
thinking to myself this is the nicest
thing I've ever seen I can never wear
this and Candice came to me and she's
like you're gonna offend my parents and
I was just like look I will just destroy
it this is my watch a watch that's
literally sold to people because it's
unbreakable a white plastic watch
fast-forward like three months later
three and a half months later three
months in a year later
fast-forward some amount of time to my
birthday and Candice gets for me a
rubber like g-shock esque band so it
doesn't bounce it doesn't jingle like I
really can't break a rubber band and all
of a sudden what was once way too
precious for me becomes a fairly
practical wristwatch and the guy who
owns the watch band company got in touch
with me as he saw in the vlog he was
like I love that you were in it and I
was like I need it in white I want it to
look like this I want it to be all dirty
and stop looking and gross then today
this shows up in the mail custom-made
white strap from Everest
whoo
I just want to say it will be nothing
shy of a miracle if I can install this
without breaking my watch
whoa Mike this is awesome thank you this
is not a paid promotion or anything but
if you want a fancy rubber band for your
fancy watch okay back to mail time I
know what's in these next mail time
boxes so before I open them a quick
story right right after I posted the
snowboarding in New York City movie some
guy commented or tweeted at me and he
said way to totally screw up your
snowboard bag that bothered me for so
many reasons the main reason was that
like yes it did screw up my snowboard
which I loved
it didn't wreck it snowboarding through
streets of Manhattan during the biggest
blizzard in history is a
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and to
not do that because I'm worried about
something like scratching my snowboard
just seems so like sort of thing like
how short minded are you kid who
commented on my YouTube video okay now I
can open the next mail time package
because I'm pretty sure I know what it
is yeah the company that made the
snowboard that I was on in the video the
company is called libtech they make my
favorite snowboard they saw the video
and they just sent me three brand-new
snowboards firstly Thank You libtech in
second the moral of the story is
opportunity and experience always
Trump's material possessions and anyway
if you do something that you're that
passionate about like something that is
that I mean come on snowboarding in New
York City that like the universe will
make it right in this case the universe
is the snowboard manufacturers and they
made it right by sending you three new
ones
they sent me another box to the
surfboard thanks Lynn tech libtech
alright this is a little abstract but
but fair with me every time in my life
where I've had to kind of ignore the
consequences and go for it for the most
part it's worked out I'm thinking
specifically like first time I maxed out
my credit card to buy a video camera
really stupid thing to do never max out
your credit card but if I hadn't done it
I may not have ever gotten into
filmmaking when I quit my job as a
dishwasher because I wanted to move to
if I hadn't quit that job like what
would have happened but the other side
of the coin is like don't max out your
credit card that's really stupid because
don't quit your job that's really stupid
because don't still work through the
streets that's really stupid because
there are always really good reasons not
to do things but like if you really you
really believe that it's something you
have to do the universe has a way of
making it okay I'm not still talking
about the snowboards by the way that's
crazy but they're a good example of what
I'm trying to talk about also libtech I
love all the gear but like I don't
really wear hats like this my head's too
big
New York City
