okay kiss yet please somebody come ask
me about you did something for you was
it
a kid he said oh that's what kiss he
always talked about what he always
checking in American Airline actually
always had the camera with me take care
living in New York there are a lot of
things that you you really take for
granted this morning specifically I'm
thinking of a bacon egg and cheese
sandwich
let me get a let me get up let me get a
bacon egg and cheese on a bagel
that sandwich wasn't actually that good
they really overcook the egg that was a
very very very quick day in the office
it's 1240 6 p.m. I'm heading home guys
thank you dude need this no
yeah all right man I'll see you later
remember that horrible looking iPhone
case that I said was the ugliest thing
that Apple has ever made
I think you're my uber about your leg
Casey thank you very much say I'm just
going to JFK I don't know how but
actually I lost it
honestly I don't I have no idea how one
uses it any then I bought a second
horribly ugly rubber iPhone battery case
I'll try not to lose this one these
things are like a hundred bucks a pop
you know I really don't understand why
Apple keeps making their phones thinner
lighter and smaller but the batteries
keep getting weaker and weaker thank you
very much take care it is ridiculous a
telephone so thin with the battery so
small they then have to buy a case that
makes the phone thicker so the battery
will last longer lasting nice that any
ist 18 it's a fine phone I just don't
understand why they don't put greater
priority on longer battery life and look
at that
it's really ugly okay it's Tuesday let's
do it this week's Q&A I'm doing on
snapchat so I'm having people send me in
their answers it's it's crashing my
snapchat feed they're coming in so
quickly do you follow me on snapchat
I bet this guy does follow me on
snapchat here and here's my thing
O'Casey miles from Australia how much
does social media play into making a
video go viral I think it's almost
everything my first viral video went
viral cuz people literally emailed it to
one another
and I think if I had had the tools like
Twitter Facebook Instagram the social
networks that we have today it would
have done a hundred times the viewership
I think the only way to make something
go viral today is by leveraging social
media what do I think social media will
be in ten years Facebook will still be
around I don't know about anyone else
well I think as human beings we love
connecting with other human beings and
real world interaction is really hard I
look around right now I don't know a
single person that's within my proximity
but I look to social media and I see
thousands and thousands of people that I
can connect with and that's a lovely
feeling as humans we need that
connection this is so hard to do because
when I click on one to view it by the
time it loads it has been moved all the
way down the list snapchat chill out
what do you think it's gone too far at
what point you think you spend too much
you realize on social media the only
time I'm not on social media is when I'm
asleep or when I'm in the shower
I probably spend too much time on social
media what is your favorite social media
my favorite social media app number one
is probably Twitter I probably spend the
most time on Twitter I really like
snapchat I love Instagram I love my own
app I had to pick which of those is my
favorite I so I don't know who's my
biggest inspiration on YouTube you guys
are not going to like the answer to this
question but probably pudy pie I mean
here's a guy starts with nothing
he makes ridiculous videos that couldn't
live anywhere else including anywhere
else in the internet and he's like
thriving he's like dominating the entire
planet when it comes to video I also
think he's really funny and being funny
is the hardest thing YouTube definitely
YouTube
when I try to imagine my career without
social media it's tough it's really hard
to imagine I don't know that I could
imagine it I mean just the idea of
releasing video releasing a movie
without social media it's not just the
act of creating that I love so much it's
the conversation it's the back and forth
it's the feedback I get from the viewers
in social media enables all of that some
people especially older people see a
stigma attached to social media I don't
think so
I love social media whoa whoa in case
you didn't have enough YouTube swag
