I'm worried about like getting fat our
cholesterol level what can happen as
that to counter the juice counters the
pizza going for a run this morning with
my friend Jimmy Conrad who is a former
professional soccer player I think he's
thinking about starting a YouTube
channel and he wants to talk to me about
it
you can read we snap - come over here
run real rocks let's go we're gone I
don't know
all right we're eight and a half miles
in maybe a little more we've been
talking you two why do you want to start
a YouTube channel cuz it sounds fun and
daunting and exciting and challenging
and I admire the people that can conquer
the world but this guy right here
Thank You Jimmy oh well you know you got
my full support
all right we're done back when we
started how you feeling
if we're not running buddies by next
week I'm gonna be pretty disappointed
I'll be your running buddy Jimmy yes yes
yes I love that he's starting a YouTube
channel you know that guy played in the
World Cup sensitive
Jimmy Jimmy Conrad claims to that one
thing you are saying today's Friday
aka my least favorite day of the week
another week has gone by and I have not
finished all the work that run this
morning was fantastic though a little
different in today's vlog story time see
this right here
that's my bulletproof vest now see just
above the bulletproof vest here that guy
right there that's me that tall guy
that's Roger here that's Roger that guy
that's Roger today is story time with
Roger well know how it works I just use
it and then you guys choose your own
weapons
oh well it's kind of like you know
figuring out what pair of shoes you're
gonna wear that day you know I mean we
always usually carry this because it's
lighter and faster but we also have
crew-served weapons machine guns rockets
and bazookas and stuff usually like when
we would speed is safety like in and out
as fast as we can and just go with light
and it's fast is the reason Roger here
Roger is a Special Forces he's an Air
Force pararescue jumper I went to
Afghanistan five how many years ago is
that five was called five years ago and
I just like showed up in Afghanistan
with a friend of mine we were there as
journalists and Roger was like the first
person we met that were blown away with
we like live with this guy protected us
and he's here in the office so let's
talk I get it I talk to you from one of
my buddies and he's like hey there's a
there's three guys outside they want to
talk to you about they're doing
something with tattoos but I think she
talked to him ROG and we're literally
grieving I mean we've got dried cake
blood and nastiness on us and I was like
this seems really weird but I'll go talk
to him
you know that was that was really it I
think so some some context for that is I
was in Afghan
stand with my friend Scott Campbell
who's a tattoo artist and what we wanted
to do was literally set up a tattoo
parlor in the war zone in Afghanistan we
didn't like tell the State Department or
anything that that's what we were doing
but we just went and did it and it was
like Roger and his Special Forces
buddies were the only people that like
they really well could welcomed us in to
their world that's kind of what I wanted
you got something of training do what
you do it becomes what it is yeah you
know it seems so simple and just cliche
when you guys were there you know I
think that initial concept of the
project that you you and Scott and David
were there working on it became much
larger upon meeting each other I think
if I was to boil it down to one word
cathartic was very cathartic one of my
favorite stories from that trip was when
you brought us up in the attack
helicopter
you're supposed to be testing the hoist
cable for weight and you were supposed
to be using dummies remember that you're
supposed to be using the mannequins
and instead you are instead you you
brought Scott and I up there yeah I mean
it was kind of a low-hanging fruit you
know I mean literally right but what's
better than actual live people
we were literally test dummies for a
cable being hoisted up over an active
war zone and that was this guy
the most interesting part of the entire
experience over there is like we came
there to tattoo you guys got more now
after you left Afghanistan the tattoo
thing really stuck with you and now
you're actually tattooing the timeliness
of you guys showing up to do your
project and being tattooed in those
moments after direct combat definitely
became my way forward and I think a year
after we had met
I began tattooing myself as a form of
almost therapy to end this story on a
slightly lighter note while we were over
there you guys had these playing cards
am I allowed to talk about this they had
I don't know if you know the depth of
this story they have these playing cards
that had naked men on them and they
would use them as like the ultimate
prank and we left Afghanistan with like
bulletproof vests and all this stuff
that we had to travel through the Middle
East with and get back the United States
of America and when we were in the UAE
the United Arab Emirates they're going
through our bags and they find they find
like gay porn playing cards mixed in
with bulletproof vests and all we could
picture was you guys laughing your soft
back in Afghanistan uh you know I've
seen the raw cut of the footage that you
shot there then that one of the final
footage you know segment you actually
see us placing those cards in your bags
all right I'm gonna end this by saying
there are a few people in this world who
have had the experiences that Rodger has
had and for him to be able to sort of
sublimate that into the artwork that
he's making now is an incredible thing
I'm going to link all of Rogers social
stuff below go check it out send him
love ROG awesome to see you man I wish
this happen more often it's hard hugging
the guy who's seven feet tall at least
going on ders
that guy like all the people in your
life that you meet and you spend time
with where it only feels momentary you
know I only spend my entire life like a
week with that guy
but that week was so like instrumental
and so impactful on me I honestly feel
like he is family so good to spend time
with him
you see what's going on here dad
oh that's pizza guy more pizza
you can realize there's only nine of us
here Zack it's one pie half a
five-person listen this came from
priority bicycle sent us this pizza hmm
it's a nice oven pizza guy goes Francine
do you want some pizza eat all the pizza
Judah's eat no pizza are you okay there
little old lady
dukey's cuz I don't
