I made this video last week basic thesis
of the videos that youtube doesn't do
enough to support their community that
is creators in the platform I didn't
release it so that I was too harsh a
critique and then this morning I look at
my I look at the creator app here and I
saw that this travel vlog which is the
most innocuous vlog ever it's literally
me going to Indonesia to sit down with
the president of Indonesia was
demonetised so here's my kind of long
and boring but critical commentary on
YouTube and how they should do a better
job looking after their community last
week there's a gigantic controversy here
on YouTube a controversy that I found
myself just accidentally at the very
heart of it had to do with D
monetization and hypocrisy and unfair
treatment of one channel over another on
YouTube and in the end I think YouTube
might actually be changing policy
because of the uproar if you don't know
what I'm talking about I will link Phil
DeFranco his video on the subject below
Phil does an absolutely fantastic job of
explaining the circumstances around that
controversy controversy is coming Joe
there's always me something people are
upset about when you have as big of a
user base as YouTube has what caught me
I froze just how upset a huge swath of
the YouTube community was at YouTube and
and not just because of this controversy
this controversy just proved to be sort
of a catalyst for a lot of the community
to speak up about what upsets them about
YouTube
I genuinely don't feel YouTube does
enough to take care of and look after
their community now before I unpacked
that let me just say I'm a huge fan of
YouTube I am so much of my career to
YouTube I traveled the world
evangelizing YouTube I want this
platform to succeed also I personally
know much of the leadership team the
executive team at YouTube I truly
believe that in their heart they think
and they're working towards doing what
they feel is the very best not just for
YouTube's bottom line but for everybody
that is the community creators the
viewers everybody on YouTube I think
they think that they're really doing the
best they could do I just don't agree
with them I don't think that they're
doing enough for the community that's
what I want to talk about any business
in order to be successful you have to do
things that your competition isn't doing
you have to have a product that people
want over whatever the competition is
and then this is my very naive
understanding of YouTube's business so
the first tentacle of their business is
search search is the way my dad uses
YouTube he can't figure out how to use a
cell phone he Google's it and he lands
on YouTube watching a video as to how to
fix his cell phone
next is you have YouTube red YouTube red
subscription service ten bucks a month
the original content so good you're
willing to give them that money so you
can see their unique original content
YouTube TV is 35 bucks a month and you
get what is normally on regular TV but
on YouTube with some other features
alright the last and what I think is
certainly the biggest part at least from
my perspective of YouTube's business is
the YouTube community that's most likely
most of you watching this video people
who subscribe to other people's channels
people who upload people who a big
gigantic community that is a web of
people all over the world that
contribute that consume that considerate
YouTube a part of who they are and what
they do and just judging anecdotally
from what I've been able to gather and
when I see all the time in a
conversation that just doesn't seem to
die is that a lot of the community is
unhappy with YouTube the more I think
about it the more I empathize with that
perspective
I think the community being upset is an
existential threat to YouTube's entire
business meaning that if if this
community isn't happy if this community
isn't constantly psyched about what
YouTube is doing anything could prove to
be a crack in the foundation of the
company that is YouTube that could
ultimately give way and be extremely
disruptive to their business so let's
rewind a couple months back to ad
pocalypse which is earlier this year
some controversial content put on
YouTube that had ads in front of it
advertisers flipped out and they didn't
want to be in front of this content they
went to YouTube YouTube immediately bent
over what can we change how can we
please you advertisers so you'll
continue to advertise on this platform a
lot of creators a lot of that community
got hit very very hard so my friend saw
a drop literally of 80% imagine you have
a day job you work 9:00 to 5:00 five
days a week you show up for those 40
hours you work as hard as you can and
for that you are paid 500 dollars a week
that's your take home 500 bucks a week
then ad pocalypse something completely
out of your control something that you
had no part of on either side and now
you're still showing up at work you're
still working from 9:00 to 5:00 you're
putting in your 40 hours a week you're
still busting your ass but instead of
even paid that 500 bucks a week your
take-home is now 100 dollars a week okay
that sucks but shit happens now imagine
this your boss doesn't tell you what's
going on you can't get in touch with
your boss you don't know how to get in
touch with your boss you look around for
answers there are no answers anywhere
and there's no one telling you what's
going on
will your income ever come back is it
ever gonna go back to where it was how
long until it goes back to where it was
why is my income being affected even
though I'm being the same thing I've
always done and I wasn't part of the
problem to begin with the thing that was
most troubling for me of all of that was
the lack of communication the lack of
transparency on the part of YouTube the
boss to the people showing up for work
every day which is the community that
people are uploading with a regular
schedule putting the same amount of work
the same amount of energy and the same
amount of expense into the content
they're creating but now they're getting
paid only a fraction of what they did
okay so YouTube's reaction to to their
advertisers was loud and was clear we're
going to fix this our trust and safety
issues are going to be made number one
we will
take care of this this is a great place
for you to advertise we'll give you all
kinds of new tools to make this possible
what they weren't loud about least to
the community as I understood it was how
those changes are going to affect the
community how they can aid the community
what changes the community should expect
and on and so what does this feel like
from the community's perspective it's
that advertisers are a bigger priority
to this platform than the community so
that when this controversy takes place
last week wherein they D monetize a
creators video for talking about a
tragedy but not Jimmy Kimmel one of
their bigger more corporate partners
it's sort of reeks of hypocrisy and
again the community the community felt
like a second-class citizen the
community felt like much less of a
priority to the platform than these
bigger more mainstream outlets and that
that is the problem the community not
feeling good about the platform this
part of YouTube's business this is
duplicatable somebody else could do this
they might do it better but this isn't
enough
this here original programming YouTube's
doing good work there I believe will do
better work in the future
but even so YouTube spending a couple
hundred million bucks a year on original
programming Netflix is spending 7
billion I think you can objectively say
that in this facet of their business
YouTube's trying to play catch-up but
this is a long play TV will TV it's the
community that makes YouTube special
community is the only thing that that
none of YouTube's competition has the
community is what makes YouTube
extraordinary community is the one thing
that none of their competitors have been
able to copy it's the it's the You Tube
community community community that
provides the armor that the body armor
that YouTube needs against competition
no matter what they do they're not going
to get through this
I think that this disruption could take
place when when two things happen the
first thing being a competitor shows up
a competitor that gives creators access
to a bigger audience and gives creators
better opportunities to monetize their
content so the first thing that has to
happen is is a really viable competitor
to YouTube the second thing that has to
happen is for the community to have lost
faith in YouTube I don't think that's
happened I hope that never happens but
if those two things the community loses
faith and then there's a competitor that
offers a bigger audience and a better
way to monetize I think there's a very
real chance for disruption within the
entire YouTube community
and this is not apples to apples here
but I point to vine vine is a company
that had tens of millions maybe hundreds
of millions of monthly active users it
was a vibrant vibrant vibrant platform
but when the top 20 top 20 of their top
50 creators felt like there wasn't real
opportunity to make a living off the
platform and they went to the powers
that be within that platform asking for
more and they weren't given what they
needed to feel taking care of they left
vine and about a year later the entire
platform had to shut down there were a
lot of factors why vine ran out of
business but that was certainly one of
them a little bit of irony the majority
of those top miners that left the
competing platform that offered a better
way to monetize and a broader audience
was in fact YouTube
we're nothing back to the height the
peak of ad pocalypse I'd never heard the
word twitch used so much within the
YouTube community before people
announcing their twitch shows and what
their intentions were people going there
who weren't gamers people really
redefining what that platform was true
enthusiasm for a competitor when you
think about Netflix or Amazon or Hulu or
any of these other digital distribution
platforms right now
they've all got money they're all
willing to spend money and they're
trying to figure out how to diversify
their audience in a way that in a way
that could ultimately invite them to
knock on the door of this community they
may want a piece of this this is a story
yesterday amazon to compete with YouTube
ad opportunities now this isn't exactly
literally a story that's about poaching
the community but I think it is I think
it does illustrate the competition is
looking to YouTube saying how can we get
a piece of that so where does this leave
us because this video is not just I
didn't just make this video so I get
bitch I made this video because I wanted
to share my thinking with this my
audience and maybe even share am I
thinking with some people at YouTube who
might be seeing this solutions what are
solutions that could be made short
answer I don't know it's not my forty
billion dollar company I'm just part of
this community that wants to see this
platform succeed so no I don't I don't
really have any real solutions but I've
said well one idea so going back to the
the Jimmy Kimmel tragedy monetization
situation turns out that Jimmy Kimmel is
able to sell his own ads against his own
content on YouTube meaning that instead
of relying on YouTube to sell
commercials to go in front of his videos
they have their own team that sells them
autonomously from the platform maybe at
an increased rate I don't know the
details are not public but maybe why
maybe can I or why can't I sell my own
ads why why not build us creators or at
least the creators that make a living
off this platform why not build us a
suite of tools or a marketplace wherein
we could advertise our channel and what
our channel represents and maybe suggest
advertisers are demographics that we
feel might dovetail the vest with the
content that we're putting out there and
because of that raise our premiums or
something like that why not give us
greater agency over how our content is
monetized that way when there is a
situation like an ad
Oh lips we are not collectively punished
along with the people who caused the
controversy in the first place
just a thought here's a small one your
trending page I love your trending page
because I'm on your trending page every
single week I don't know why I
appreciate it but every time I'm on the
trending page I'm cites it needs more
views but but I go to Twitter and a lot
of the community is gently angry at me
because it seems unfair that I'm always
there so is it that there's a person at
YouTube that maybe just likes my work
and that's why I'm always there is it
the algorithm I don't know but maybe a
little bit of transparency there maybe
something that shows us the creator's
why I'm there icon that just says like
staff pic or an icon that says like
surging in the algorithm or icon that
says paid if there are videos that are
allowed to be paid to be put on the
trending page and that comes back to the
same two principles communication
transparency another one about about
compensation and this seems kind of like
a no-brainer right now creators on your
platform get paid based on the amount of
ads that can run against their videos
more video views the more money that's
great
very clean transaction but that just
means the community is getting paid one
time for that one ad meanwhile YouTube
the company is growing is increasing in
value broadly what about something we
can choose to be paid in in YouTube or
in Google stock or in some sort of way
that would appreciate along with the
growth of the company I know that would
make me feel more vested in the platform
as a creator and this one's less of an
actionable and more of an idea but the
Kardashian show Keeping Up the
Kardashians it's on Bravo or E or
something like that whatever a new
season comes out every billboard in the
country is plastered with Kim
Kardashian's face
she's celebrated she's put on TV she's
in magazines they're everywhere because
the channel that hosts her show wants to
make sure that people know it's taking
place Kim Kardashian her family is
celebrated by the platform that
distributes her content one thing that I
see very very little of is YouTube as a
company celebrating its community what
that means I don't really know is it
more support is it literally putting
people's faces on Billboard's is it a
way of elevating new creators is it a
way
I like I said I don't know what the
actionable czar here but I do think
there's but do you think that there
should be a much broader initiative to
show like a real appreciation for what
this entire community has brought to
this platform and that's something I see
very very little of all right I think I
should stop there I could keep going at
nauseam this video is literally just a
video version of a conversation I have
with my YouTube peers all the time but I
love and I believe in and I want YouTube
to succeed on every level and when I see
the community feeling upset towards the
platform itself it bothers me so I want
to use this channel to speak up about
that all right thank you this is a
regrettably perfect ending to this video
remember I remember the first shot of
this video where I started by saying
YouTube had demonetised a really
innocuous video of my travel vlog right
where I went to Indonesia I appealed
their decision to demonetized it meaning
that I was right it shouldn't have been
demonicus and what do you know look at
that YouTube agreed with me Andrey
monetized it and because of that because
their algorithm made the wrong call it
costs me now I don't know how you feel
about having your income reduced because
your well whoever writes your checks
screwed up but it doesn't make me feel
good I don't think it makes the
community feel good either
