Marlon I see you out there yeah I got
you all my monitors okay see it but stop
you know I got you kisses you can't
sneak up on me like that you know I just
I just went down to your office and
radius snacks again somebody just sent
these to me they're too good I got like
three dozen of them
all right Marlon yeah take care
I slipped on the ice four times during
my run this morning and I mean like I
went down
I'm bleeding in two places and it was
cold outside so 14 miles into my run my
iphone died which means no music and I'm
not that I lost all the data pertaining
to what was a very good run probably
like 16 miles that like a seven and a
half eight minute piece total failure
this morning total failure
question does your iphone die if it gets
even remotely cold out it's like chilly
maybe right now but it's not like I have
to kill my horse and climb inside of
it's hollowed out carcass to stay alive
cold out and this thing dies it's
exposed at all to the air is it my phone
or is it iPhones
let me know it's not that I don't
appreciate this but I feel like whoever
is sending me all this stuff is trying
to make me fat look at all these cookies
from the fancy bakery two cupcakes in
this place is like five dollars each
thank you
however something is cookies I don't
know if you remember this thing or not
it's one of my favourite toys I actually
dropped out of the back of my car and
then I left it outside overnight two
nights in a row and then I wrote it in
the ocean
and even it still works but it kind of
acts a little bit funny I describe this
the company and they were like you think
we know what the problem is so they sent
me a new foot pad sensor you know one of
the things that Candice says that she
really likes about me is how tough my
hands are you can never really trust a
man that has really smooth soft hands to
fix this thing you have to unscrew eight
allen head screws and rather than
turning this allen wrench like a
thousand times I'm just going to chop in
half so I can put it my power driver now
I don't have to turn it by hand
feels responsive fast you forgot how
awesome this thing is yeah you want to
try you can try it
good go for it feel it now just kind of
lean the direction you want to go nice
don't go too fast bye guys
as an adult you can't play with a toy in
public and not let a child try your toy
if they ask so why don't they tell you
where the blades are supposed to go so
what did we learn today the propellers
that have the holes on this side and the
propellers that don't have holes and the
propellers that don't have holes on this
okay I missed that I'm sorry it's dark
out now
pardon back in the park it's kind of
dark out here but Manfrotto the company
has sent me all those tripods they sent
me this panel light ready it's so bright
it's like having a little mini Sun right
you throw a little light down yeah
okay so far so good have not crashed the
drone but it's above me
all right pretty impressed with this
thing so far
with this thing for sure
Ilyn is I couldn't figure out how to
control the camera I just watched a
YouTube video on how to control this
thing I think I figured it out you have
to use two fingers to control the camera
12 seconds later alright another wildly
successful flight I mean I landed in the
snow but all things considered in a
dream world what I want from the drone
is I want total autonomy I just throw it
in the air and it follows me there's
nothing on the market that does not this
thing's pretty close I was very
impressed with that give it a haven't
seen the footage but I really care if
the footage is good or bad I just care
if it got the shot importing the footage
now really exciting to see this it
hasn't imported yet I can't quite tell
it from the looks of it it's kind of
dark which is disappointing because I
tried to go out when the Sun was out but
I couldn't figure out huh I can't give
this thing a for review yet but I can
say doesn't work terribly well in low
light oh that's so disappointing alright
I'll show you the footage anyway
thank you very much
bro see you guys later I didn't mean to
make a video about a drone today it's
trying to make a video about fixing
things but then I got all distracted
then I got all obsessed and then
paraffin this is the wrong one I need to
unscrew the one that has the wire
