to a provincial Agha Nevada parody
cordless Cadiz ma famosa del Aguila so
Bruno says kiss dear double Katie
nightcap
Harlan congratulations again from
Switzer on your awesome dude hey guys
Casey nice baggies not a pro Anthony
because a filmmaker who just likes to
adventure so but it was his key is you
don't ever want to try this
there were a couple of close calls the
man used a 30-foot video cable so
this guy second pictures oh these girls
hi Lizzy Oh snow makes this city the
most beautiful version of itself and
then very quickly the ugliest version of
itself which is what today is it's a
little bit like red lipstick and mascara
the night before it looks amazing and
then when you wake up the next morning
it's like good son Marlon okay guys
let's not go the fun yesterday may know
what's crazy man
you like the snowboarding I enjoyed it
bad let's play isn't it I'll see you in
the office
alright ticket ok just stand like on
that side of Street and film me pulling
out of it
touch
Kaycee amazing snow video greetings from
Switzerland I can't ride the boosted
board with all this snow headed up to
midtown now
you
I have lived in New York City for 15
years now I have no idea how to ride the
subway
you
I'm in Times Square I'm seldom in this
neighborhood I'm going to The Wall
Street Journal right now to meet with
them about I don't know exactly what it
is my friend set it up happy to be here
really looking forward to it security in
these Midtown buildings is always well
it's always challenging for someone like
me no cameras
okay okay I'm very sorry sir what did I
just say
keep foot away being passed out seven
supports realized thank you very much
have a good day all right
good you're all set thank you very much
how does it know where we're going I'm
gonna set it okay I'll take seven I'm
sorry you're secure worried me now it
happens
it's immediate how's it going I'm John
you look marshal do I sit over here yes
you see hello welcome on time nice to
meet you there you go nice to meet you I
have a hundred percent ready nice hey
Charlie good to meet you how are you
well bringing you interviews and
analysis with people that matter and the
fast-changing media business and we're
doing today by KC 9/10 YouTube creator
entrepreneur and internet celebrity
Casey thanks for joining us thanks for
having me guys
thanks for listening great thanks Casey
thanks so much guys it was great that's
it we're done yeah okay awesome
that was fun yes for sure how'd I do did
great right okay okay good
um I guess we did yes we did yeah yeah
thanks guys that Wall Street Journal
things I just did there that was about
business and beam and other things that
are in marketing and things like that
that was not about the snowboard video
you know I've had like no joke probably
200 press inquiries about this no board
video and I decided like I talked the
New York Times but Chuck the New York
Post
but other than that like I just I didn't
want to go on the morning news I didn't
want to do the same interview over and
over and over so instead I spent today
working for the most part but I did want
to show you this look I mean this is
ridiculous
all right look at this madness New York
Times ABC Time magazine market watch The
Sydney Morning Herald CBS News Daily
Mail Business Insider ABC News Morocco
World News International Business Times
CNN heavy DNA tech insider New York Post
Manila Bulletin Yahoo News this I've had
movies filled crazy viral before I don't
know if I've ever seen anything like
this that's all just been like a very
exciting day for me it's very hard to
get from the street to the sidewalk with
these mounds of snow in between you to
find these little pads you know as a
filmmaker as a storyteller I don't see
why you find this so interesting
look at that
