go to the head back are you all done at
that time did you drop dolly yes
you want your lion know is nasty out
here I wasn't supposed to wake the baby
up I thought she had taken a nap and she
hadn't and this morning we're going to
look at another school for her which I
had forgotten about and accidentally
wore ripped jeans but you never are
supposed to wear when you're presenting
yourself as the parent to a school that
you're applying to pour your kid the
baby doesn't come no just us is it it is
it okay that I wore these pants this is
a man named Casey nice dad I believe
nice dad and he said he decided to take
advantage of the snow in a crazy way he
attached a rope to a Jeep and he went
snowboarding all over New York City
what's up guys I was watching The Ellen
Show welcome come this is a team from
YouTube we're talking to YouTube stars
sit down yeah they're all really smart
nothing have you or your brother ever
been in strollers we can take a selfie
okay the YouTube team has left they were
great they were here just talking about
you know building a bigger YouTube
community here in New York okay
today is Tuesday that means it's time
the theme of this week's Q&A is viral
videos it always seems appropriate
because of my snowboard video which is
still going viral and therefore I want
to milk it for all it's worth by
continuing to talk about it hey Casey
so what's it like to have a video go
viral and how many have you had that
have one it's exciting it's fun it's so
short and momentary like by Friday the
whole world will have forgotten about
this video but when you're in the moment
it's wildly exciting how many viral
videos have I had I don't know it's
tough to really quantify viral but maybe
five or six that are really popped
you've got this video do you feel like
that's the one video that everyone's
going to know you for and is that the
video that you want everyone to know
Casey noise that night when I was 22 I
had a movie came out called iPods dirty
secret that did like six million views
in a week before YouTube when that went
viral everybody said to me you're always
gonna be known as the iPod guy and then
when make it count went viral I was the
make it count guy and when bike lanes
happened I was the bike lanes guy and
now I can be the snowboard guy if you
only ever have one movie that goes huge
yes
that will be your identity forever as
long as you keep changing it up you can
you can overcome it but if I were only
known for one movie is that such a bad
thing like I'm super proud of that movie
so hey Casey you've had a couple of
viral videos before
what's the one different thing you want
to gain out of this it's the first video
I've had that's really exploded since I
started vlogging I've been getting a lot
of from a lot of people since I started
vlogging because people say we miss your
old videos why aren't you making viral
videos anymore I don't know for me this
movie says that like yes I can vlog and
make short movies
what does spritzy think about your viral
videos she doesn't like them as much as
she likes her cartoons what was the
hardest part about making it between
like the idea in the actual movie there
are a million obstructions in overcoming
all those obstructions and releasing the
video that is always the hardest part
and when you're dealing with like the
weather and all these myriad other
variables overcoming them is always the
biggest challenge hey Casey where did
you find time to watch YouTube videos
it's in fact you're always running
working spending time with me whenever I
get stuck and I like I'm struggling with
the edit i watch a video sometimes a
piece of the video sometimes a whole
video but I was just like watch another
youtube video and that that get things
moving lately I've been watching a lot
of pudy pie okay see when you film these
videos is it scary alright not entirely
sure what you mean by is it scary but
the answer is yes it's always scary
because you have no idea how any one's
gonna react to making something no
matter how much stuff you put out there
it still stings when someone doesn't
like something that you've worked hard
on so yeah that's scary I think the key
is like not succumbing to those fears or
concerns or like really who gives it if
it goes viral if you think it's great
awesome you've succeeded maybe you
notice that all of today's questions
were from young ladies every question I
get is from like a 13 year old boy and
sometimes it's nice to have a little
gender diversity in there
so the question I was asked the most is
how do you make a viral movie here's a
quick recipe the technician
first need to do these things zeitgeist
make sure it's of the now time it if
you're too late no one cares if you're
too early no one knows what you're
talking about
fresh if you're doing something that a
million people have already done
chances are it's not going to catch on
is your message clear like is it
something that everyone's going to get
or is it so esoteric nobody's gonna give
it
step one have you accomplished all of
these things this isn't everything but
have you accomplished all of these
things if the answer is no not viral is
it a totally fine
kick-ass video that people actually want
to watch if the answer is no it's not
going to go viral if the answer is yes
then you've touched on everything I know
about how to make a viral video
but even so the video will probably not
be viral because the truth is I have no
idea how or why the video goes viral so
if you can figure out this little
question mark right here then you my
friend are a god and you should be
making videos for a living because you
can okay I hope you've enjoyed this uh I
hope that was a thorough enough
explanation for you
you know I've gotten lucky and had a few
like big viral hits beyond this just
this snowboarding one but I've also
uploaded 310 movies in the last 305 days
so if like two of them or one of them's
gone viral that's less than one-third of
one percent of every movie I make so I
don't know what it is and there are so
many good shows on Netflix are you sure
you want to watch making a murderer
what's up right shooting uh yeah no
sorry
