that you're flying and then you wake up
underwear
me too so long thank you
this flight landing an hour and a half
late literally throws off my entire day
that's it Casey this oh I'm back I'm
back in New York finally thank you
everything seems fine in the office head
of the Penn Station now I have to get on
an Amtrak train to Connecticut
a lot of travel today
nice to meet you my name is John
let's look great day kid I try to avoid
negativity on this vlog but I hate Penn
Station it's the very worst that New
York City has to offer and I like to
apologise to out-of-towners but to
experience this is just embarrassing
disgusting disgusting in place that is
Penn Station here's how you cheat
waiting in line for an Amtrak train look
on departures there's my train no track
listing you go down to arrivals there's
the same train flat 12 then you go down
this secret dirty staircase here
hey you do then you proceed down this
tunnel that I cannot believe they let
regular people walk down locate track 12
you proceed down the up stairs and then
you're the first one on the train then
you get the good seat
doze off there for a while this train
rides about two and a half hours few
things to take care of and get the house
ready for the storm turn around come
straight back to New York City
you liked it
all right now I'm in New London just see
my dad to give me a ride to my house I
don't think I've been in this thing yeah
you haven't driven this nice car I like
it will the basement flood no you just
got to make sure there's water in a
furnace oh no do you have anything to
take just drink coffee I'll be fine
thanks for the lift dad all right I'll
see you boys see you later all right
good boy bye dad thanks little baby I
will houses all buttoned up there is a
storm something bad happens now prepared
taking the truck back to the city
case like you know things get here with
this snowstorm it's good to have the
Jeep around this thing can handle
anything anything will change on this
poor I go back in the freeway I don't
know when the last time I did that was
the guy at the oil change places like I
haven't seen you in years since that
time you crashed your Jeep into the link
headed to the city now feeling
responsible feeling good trucks running
smoothly
I've got chains in the back I'm prepared
for just about any eventualities with
this storm tomorrow the verdict is still
out as to how much snow or
if we're gonna get snow or what's going
to happen I'm feeling bullish though I
would love nothing more than like two
and a half feet in the entire city of
New York to be shut down it feels like
snow there's no snow yet but it feels
like snow I am back in the city in
preparation for the snow tomorrow there
are a couple of things and I pick up
from the sporting goods store just to be
110 percent prepared
I got knee pads I got gloves I can get
everything I was missing thank you very
much time to go to bed time for bed
time for bed all right what am I doing
here so late at night uh they're
forecasting like one of the worst storms
ever to hit New York City should that
happen I want to be positioned to make
like an amazing New York City
Blizzard movie if there's enough snow to
make the movie there's too much snow to
do any prep so I'm preemptively
organizing all of those logistics now so
if I wake up and there's like 10 inches
of snow ready to go
so far I have the 3 axis gimbal ready to
go I have one two three drones ready to
go they're predicting like 50 mile an
hour winds so we probably won't be able
to fly the drone but I want to be ready
just in case
got the fluid head tripod right here for
nice like movement I want to put chains
on my truck so it's just ready and then
I'm waiting for my P IC so we can do
some brainstorming that is P I see but
you knew that right these are the chains
when you got 33-inch all-terrain tires
on a lifted Jeep you don't really need
chains but if you're gonna do it you
might as well just go all the way snow
plows are the salt spreaders just spray
salt everywhere when it hits the ankles
it's so much pain all right two
important things to share number one
it's snowing number two I got the first
of four tire chains on the truck check
it out yeah look at that look at chain
there is it's happening I bought mini
skis how dope are those you think those
are gonna work they better better work
all right I got it
all four tires jesse has been helping by
giving the deeper face it's very cute
better way to do it way to give a little
personality we're leaving now I think
it's just like a wildly productive night
we got a lot done
see you tomorrow it's happening what is
60 oh come on why why is Cinnabon always
closed
always close
