Jessie you okay everybody okay over here
ask you survive I think that's a wrap on
today's shoot I'll see you later
I like your outfit I don't think you
should wear that in the snow though bye
honey
all right this is it I'm out in the snow
Ridge up in the truck try to go get
Jessie I don't see what the city looks
like all right yeah I still think we
need more snow what so much all right we
are in the middle of Brooklyn now I'm
waiting on my friend Oscar who is you
know Oscar he's a brilliant filmmaker
he's also you might not know this a
world-class skier he was the east coast
of the USA a freestyle ski champion when
he was like 15 yo oh happy to be on the
team thank y'all ready good to have you
welcome aboard
dude hey
we took Oscar to his apartment in
Brooklyn he's grabbing a few things and
then we're going to zip back to the city
we got to get my little brother and then
that's the whole team Oscar Jesse my kid
brother me and then we got to figure out
what this movie is
we made it back to the studio trucks in
one piece we're gonna get everything
ready upstairs
heading out right now for the first shot
of the day the weather outside does not
look super well first out of the day
we're going to attempt something with
the drone there's a 50 mile an hour
winds so I really don't know what to
expect
few minor hiccups to get started here
but I think we figured it out I didn't
have the rope I forgot it I left it in
Connecticut so I'm going to use an HDMI
cable should be fine
Jessi broke the drone before we even got
it in the air but that's also fine
Dean is ready to go obviously
stuff like what the fuck it stays you go
okay snowboards on just waiting on Jesse
down there
he's calibrating the drone
tell me when to give the signal okay
okay we got a couple of drone shots I
don't know if they worked I'm hanging
out of the Jeep right now with the stuff
you can't go left here all right next
left we're looping back around now to
catch up with Oscar and Jessi that might
be it for the drone but I feel really
good about what we got going off at the
same time what is it uh uh they just
closed the city great all right maybe
right huh kick it off Dean I need I need
to check this out
looks like II let's let's uh hold up
pull over here
DNA is the hardest job
the hardest job all right that's good
Dean hi guys that looks good Jesse yeah
you want to back it up ooh what do you
think Jesse all right nice teen I'm
ready I'm good all right ask you come on
it D go go go
Oh Dody get his feet
go
that's Oscar that's Jesse
you guys ready or what yeah that's the
police this day might be about to come
to an abrupt end yes officer thanks guys
those cops are awesome you okay let me
see that leg oh that's disgusting man
literally huh all right we just got back
everything's kind of done if I didn't
break all of my camera gear it's all at
least partially broken with it this is a
very expensive carbon-fiber 3-axis
gimbal and there's more gear in here
we're done shooting I think Jesse and I
are going to chill in my studio tonight
and edit there he's doing behind the
scenes I'm going to edit like the proper
movie regardless super exciting fun day
also check this out not a single car in
New York City
sighs police cars just people walking
and screaming in the street tomorrow
this office is completely destroyed
so everything you just saw all of that
was from yesterday that was all the
behind-the-scenes stuff that I shot
about our snowboarding movie today is
whatever it's Sunday the video went live
this morning and I wanted to take a
little bit of time to share with you
what it's like to have a movie go viral
to the degree that the snowboard movie
went viral you never set out to make a
viral video it's like you never set out
to make a movie that grosses a lot of
money you want to make a great movie and
if it does well in the box office or it
gets a lot of views online that's
fantastic but you always start from a
place of wanting to make a really good
movie because the virality is something
that's
wildly out of your control as I was
reading this no word with the movie just
made me so happy you know smiling the
whole time that I thought if it made me
that happy it's probably going to make
other people that happy and if it makes
other people happy well then when I went
to bed at like 6:30 a.m. comments were
really good and there were some views
but I couldn't tell if it had actually
like taken off but when I woke up at
8:00 and checked my phone I think it had
done like a million views by 8:00 a.m.
and that is when the excitement starts
shortly thereafter the movie was
trending on Twitter and then once it was
trending on Twitter it was on the home
page of Reddit and then the home page of
Reddit - like all of these news sites
that were tweeting at me and then
somebody sent me like a video clip of
German TV no more energy food snot
I know my son calm we'll ourselves down
to one hot sensation and then YouTube
put it on the homepage of YouTube and I
don't mean like you're a subscriber and
it's on your home page you sign out and
go to youtube and it is home page front
and center and all of this like within
seven hours of actually posting this
thing it's where I am so far right now
it is 4 p.m. the movie has 3.3 million
views on YouTube 9 million views on
Facebook I was invited to be on
television tomorrow morning don't know
if I'm going to do it but the most
exciting thing is Friday two days ago
this movie was just an idea if it snows
if we can get the truck if we can get
somebody to go with us if Oscar wants to
come skiing with me if if if with a
crazy idea behind it and then yesterday
was just absolute chaos trying to make
this happen
alright that's all I hope you liked the
video this is so exciting
I wish I could make a movie that was
this popular like every week or every
day
we're doing great
