I got a pack but I haven't even unpacked
from my last trip yet travel especially
air travel it's almost like running
where if you're really good at it and
you've done a lot it's it's actually
enjoyable but if you don't know what
you're doing it can be painful and just
full of regret alright I'm going to put
a couple hours in the office here and
then off to the airport check this out
hey those guys look it's us ah
alright time you're the airport waiting
for my uber alright I call unload
tonight oh yeah I'm sorry I had I think
I had the wrong address in there alright
tell me please which terminal terminal 8
8 8
American Airlines I drop off you I come
in that get nothing and clean everything
the air fresh everything clean in next
time
nice I like your attitude I think you
have to be nice to get 5 stars but a
clean car helps I feel like every time I
Drive to the airport I do like a montage
of leaving New York City
all right thank you very much sir that
uber driver was fantastic man you guys
really broken up security huh and Kenny
is TATP
how are you I'm great how are you very
well way to travel
- thank you very good enjoy this is one
of those new American Airlines planes my
favorite
got new phone today
the oneplus 2 pretty excited about it
I've liked my Nexus but the fingerprints
tanner is kind of stopped working battle
so many fun options on the Android I was
politely asked not to skateboard in the
terminal when asked politely you must
respect the plain is not at the game yet
it still says it's on time but I have no
reason to believe it's actually on time
hello Council thank you I'm the first
one on the plane but not easy to pull
off the flight attendant recognized me
that's always funny
just trying to slide into something a
little more comfortable got an hour to
the flight
watching a movie I start editing soon
you'll sleep a little
there's been a three-hour time change of
here in California so I know thanks for
going with it so tired but have a good
night
I'm only here for like 18 hours I don't
think I have a rental car
Oh
you drive like a maniac man that taxicab
driver drove like an absolute maniac
there was a moment where I honestly
thought he was trying to kill me hey
this is me whoa this bathroom has
incredible lighting today has been an
extraordinarily long day I fly back to
New York City in 16 hours all right time
to go to sleep this hotel has two sets
of earbuds I feel like that's a pretty
pessimistic thing to put in a room
