those guys
I feel like if I didn't make youtube
videos that's a job I would be really
good at
and go for a quick San Francisco run
before I get the day started
oh there's the city there's a boat ready
and there's aa petrest like I broke my
phone when I dropped it great run I've
got 14 minutes to pack up my things and
get out of this hotel room and take a
shower and get dressed
this view though goodbye hotel room
how are you
and Rebecca Casey yeah and Casey that's
Facebook okay thank you very much sir
every day have a good day right so I'm
here in the Bay Area for well another
eight hours but like 19 hours total
because I'm speaking on a panel tonight
in downtown San Francisco I'm making the
most of today by taking a couple of
meetings right now I'm at Facebook
headquarters having a friendly meeting
with with the folks at Instagram this
campus by the way is a crazy place they
have valet parking these shuttles
they've got bikes everywhere and I saw
over there like a bunch of car mechanics
with a sign that said free car service
while you work and they change your oil
and rotate your tires and stuff
I hope on the vlog man yes you're in the
vlog thank you for all of your work at
Instagram yeah no problem yeah yeah you
too man
this is Katie we've been having some
good meetings at Instagram now it's like
lunch rush hour look at all these people
here this is like more Facebook than
Instagram although they're all the same
I guess I think I'm gonna leave now but
there's been a great visit thank you for
having me thanks for coming thank you
thank you see you bye I have all these
bikes laying around and Facebook infer I
guess anybody to use so I just took one
pretty awesome I don't really have
anywhere to go just waiting for my uber
to show up so exploring the campus on a
bike whoa
Facebook soccer Facebook basketball let
me get in the car now headed back to San
Francisco proper I have an investor
meeting this afternoon
Casey that's me family on this side how
are you today but I know the most
friendly uber drivers in this town the
hell is this guy doing
oh okay
sorry what are you doing got about 40
minutes before my next meeting she got
us back they gave me an Instagram
great meeting I really like working with
people whose company I really enjoy
I love being surrounded by people but
professionally and personally
that I really like to be around it makes
life so much easier so much better so
much more meaningful and impactful and
productive all right I'm outside the
hotel going to my panel now but I ran
into all these famous Viner
is this guy I'm like honored I'm honored
to be in this so we could have hung out
that's my uber I did not pleasure Roger
as a shield it is funny running into you
my later years I'm a cocktail later yeah
come out home anyway come hang out
alright so you see where I'm going there
is it seven six zero how close is that
it's right here all right yeah so I'll
just get out right right here all right
let me grab my bag I just need this guy
drive me like 300 feet thank you very
much sir sorry about that
he drove me from like there to here this
thing I'm going to right now is the
entire reason why I'm out here sitting
on a panel about social media influence
and I don't know something like that I'm
really looking forward to it but I'm a
little nervous I flight is at 9:30 if I
miss that flight I'm basically stuck in
San Francisco for the next like five
days this is
move hi I'm Kendra Burke with Andreessen
Horowitz Casey G welcome
he's you are these presents for me yeah
they are and we can mail them to you
because I assumed you're fine sorry no
no these are coming they're amazing okay
this is too nice to leave behind we're
in the green room here things are going
well is it time do we go out now it's
time yeah you feel good I did yeah man
you're funny that's so many people and
so tonight we have the people who are
going to help us do the learning Bailey
Richardson in and KC nice that and
Bailey Casey it's all yours yeah thank
you thank you everything this is really
all tendonitis you're right don't be shy
hi thank you
how you doing my god okay so we're just
going for the airport as quickly as
humanly possible so she said they've
already started canceling flights for
this storm
oh what's that magnitude I will be so
pissed if this light gets canceled
good evening sir good evening how are
you what not bad yourself damn pretty
well thanks oh I appreciate your
friendliness thank you no I don't think
that my flight is canceled but I do
think that this storm tomorrow is going
to be huge I'm really excited about that
we haven't had a good snowstorm in New
York City in years do something super
fun provided my plate doesn't get
canceled if you think seven a free 100%
positively absolutely the first person
on this plate this guy's number two and
that's me
plane was supposed to take off 45
minutes ago getting a little worried if
we don't take off tonight there's no way
for several days because this snowstorm
they say it's mechanical songs but no
it's controlled by a small computer and
as many of you are aware sometimes when
there's computer problems the best thing
to do is power down the computer and
then restart it in so that's what we're
going to do so thanks your patience is
literally turn it off and then turn it
back on again if you the front door is
still open so if you decide you would
like to discontinue the flight to
deplane you're welcome to do it so it
this time
just let the agent know I'll provide you
with other status update at 30 minutes
or sooner hopefully if the information
changes thanks for patience we've done
that it looks like the issue is result
so they're going to fill out the
paperwork and we should be ready to go
just we made us thanks your patience you
have two hours a switch posted
it's good going
take it off now No
as we can I'm sorry from out of town I
wouldn't have made you take me if I had
known it was like no problem
