it's not SuperDuper warm out today so I
decided to go to the gym instead of
going for a run kind of a bummer but
I've been meaning to get my swollen
anyways
does this lens look weirdly out-of-focus
in strange places you know I fell off my
boosted board last week and I smash this
camera good how about now like see how
it's weirdly I think I think I damaged
the lens yeah it's making a god I'm just
gonna go to my friendly neighborhood
camera store here
oh that yeah nice I'm a big fan of your
videos
hey I'm Casey TJ nice to meet you see ya
yeah I need a lens at broke mine again
yeah 10 to 18 that's the one by Casey
326 81 nothing's 300 bucks yeah this is
the old lens so see it's out of focus
all right this is the new lens
difference much cleaner all right let me
clean this up you know what I think I
just broke the new lens crispy and focus
razor sharp you see these guys know what
I'm talking about I say crispy and fresh
in the wasting later
what is this Marlin just drop it off
I just want to say in general I don't
trust anything that's been packaged like
this I'm going to use a knife but very
gently this appears to be a case you
know at brand chair I don't understand
these words but if I had to guess what
these words say they say we make custom
chairs like this one all right I'd like
to announce here now that I will be
doing another giveaway this giveaway
prize will be one Casey nice that
branded chair it's not that I don't like
it it's that even my ego isn't big
enough to support having a chair that
says my name on it a thousand times so I
will be giving this amazing Casey nice
that chair away details details to be an
out you know I'll do it on Twitter here
follow me on Twitter
okay ah it's 3:30 I guess we could just
get it started
the theme of this week's Q&A is gear
like technically gear camera gear and
stuff you know it's not my favorite
topic but it's something that
everybody's always asking me questions
about so why not dedicate an entire Q&A
to it
this guy agrees most expensive camera
it's probably this thing Canon mark 3 I
think it's $3,500 or something like that
for the body and then the lens on this
is like I don't know a thousand or two
thousand or something like that just a
quick apology for the terrible sound
quality and generally bad production
quality of today's Q&A I'm trying to
multitask here this is probably better
I'm not using this person's car to hold
my camera and tripod helping him come
back before I finish you and asks Sony
rx100 mark 4 or canon g7x both fine
cameras I was on the Sony I switched
back from the Canon Sony probably takes
a better image I think the Canon is more
reliable and for me reliability Trump's
quality let's go that's beginner DSLR
great question I highly recommend the
Canon t5i or t6i it's like a five or six
hundred dollar camera
it's unbelievable what you can do with
that camera like you can build an empire
with that camera alright time to switch
locations god it's cold outside Canon or
Nikon you know I use only Canon cameras
and they are great but I've never spent
much time with Nikon so I can't say
which one is better what brand of tripod
whoa alright I just dropped this camera
on a car but not somebody's car this car
is owned by the city so technically I
paid for this car so that's okay I
didn't scratch it
what kind of tripod see is well funny
you should ask
Manfrotto sent me all these new tripods
so now I only use Manfrotto tripods
they're amazing do you feel more
confident when you have the right
equipment I like that question a lot the
answer is yes what I don't have the
right equipment I make do
I often shoot this vlog on my cell phone
but having the equipment that I know
best means I don't have to think about
it as much and that makes my job easier
what's up oh yeah hey what's up easy
yeah are you nice that I'm gonna be in
the vlog yeah you're in the vlog all
right shoot my Q&A now what's your name
ramsey nice to meet you ramsey aren't
you cold
what kind of editing software do I use I
use Final Cut 10 I don't vote for it
I think Premiere is probably superior
software here's all you need to know
about video editing up until like 20 25
years ago they literally edited movies
with scissors and tape
the godfather to one of the greatest
movies at Citizen Kane the greatest
movie ever made was edited with a pair
of scissors and tape so the editing
software doesn't matter use iMovie on
your phone which is free it's what you
can do with it that matters not the
application what is the best camera to
use if you're starting whatever camera
you have why don't you use your 360 rig
honestly like it's just a lack of
bandwidth I don't have the time and
that's all my time in this vlog the rest
of my time is occupied with my job and
other things I will get back into 360 I
believe in that medium I'm Casey Casey
you're the man dude thanks nice to meet
you last question I was hoping somebody
were to ask me this no one did ah why
don't I like talking about camera gear
the reason why is for me it's the least
interesting part of filmmaking I love
like the power of the well told story
the power be able to sharing your ideas
and perspectives what can be
accomplished via filmmaking all of that
interesting to me this the hardware it's
like talking to someone who likes to
make beautiful paintings asking them
what kind of paint they use who gives it
it's what they do with it that's
interesting
not the actual hardware and that's how I
feel about filmmaking so I apologize if
it if I come across as overly negative
when people ask me technical questions I
just always rather talk about other
aspects of filmmaking all right I'm
gonna go home now I'm freezing
I wish there were a way to really
communicate to all your viewers and warm
climates right now just how cold it is
here in New York City ah
this is for warmth yeah home it's too
cold
yeah Google yeah you gotta work too hot
hello that guy these are like some not
all of my cameras these are all my point
sheets here these are some of my SLR
cameras these are some of my lenses
these are some of my older video cameras
those are some of my other video cameras
up there really this shelf here this is
where cameras go to die once I put them
on that shelf I rarely ever take them
off again I gotta give the baby a bath I
got to put the baby to bed I gotta have
dinner with Candice I gotta edit the
blog I gotta pack
I got to go to bed I got to get ready to
leave tomorrow last question out
I'm trying to record audio here
