Francine this is snow it's cold it
happens in the winter sometimes but not
all the time you don't like it today is
Martin Luther King Day the day we
remember and celebrate one of my biggest
heroes because of that no work today
right now Candace is out Francine is
down for a nap
I'm just like home alone wish I had a
PlayStation 4 baby's awake well you know
go outside it's freezing outside yeah
let's go
it's like freakishly cold out today I'm
going to have to enact the plastic bag
measure which I don't like to do because
I don't know how this is safe but just
yet stroller covered in a plastic bag
keep the baby warmer
there you go see these little holes she
can breathe in there be good now let me
get a parking ticket
putting 65 bucks yeah but that meter was
not working family trip out out to
Brooklyn over the Brooklyn Bridge
do we have an agenda or just head
towards Dumbo
what Brooklyn Bridge is only to Brooklyn
yes
this traffic yeah is everybody going
home something I have been looking
around online and every time I open up a
floor plan it's like one tiny closet the
size of Francine's or ready go
that's better look at that we never ever
come out to Brooklyn but we thought this
would be a nice change for a family
afternoon but I said we like as a family
we never come to Brooklyn being like
this isn't like I think we do got a lot
of pizza places we decided on pizza
it was my whole like little bit of air
that's coming through or the velcro is
finger sir
and your myths yeah we tried to do
something different try to come out the
brooklet so cold right now
I can't told you that I just do that I
just want I don't know I just I thought
this would be a special day for us the
horrible idea
we're giving up we're going back to
Manhattan want to see the Brooklyn
Bridge
today's the 300th vlog I was gonna do
something special for number 300 but the
more I thought about it you know you
celebrate your 18th or your 21st
birthday but by the time 26 rolls around
it's like okay you made it this far now
what well that is exactly how I feel
about vlog 300 100 was like this huge
big deal like wow I can't believe I made
it here even two hundred was like wow I
did a hundred twice but three hundred
just means like now I am officially a
vlogger there are no if ands or buts
about it and the question that remains
is what now and I don't have an answer I
don't know I want to keep doing this I
want to keep the daily uploads going but
I definitely feel like comfort scares
the out of me and I don't want to
be comfortable like okay my daily upload
that's it I need something more I need
something different and I haven't nailed
what that is rest assured I will I'll
figure something out
I don't it'll be something dramatic but
I do want to shift things a little bit
like incrementally if you're not
constantly evolving your craft then
what's the point in doing it anyways I
never want to be comfortable I never
want to feel safe that is the fast track
to being irrelevant I want to keep it
fresh I want to mix it up and I will be
doing that that's what 2016 is about
this is like your guard to protect the
camera last week I put on these prop
guards here and reinforced carbon fiber
blades trying to just Casey proof this
this drone I'm waiting for a friend to
show up I quickly test the drone the
reason why I put these guards in place
is so I can fly it here in the studio
not have to worry about it hitting
things but these are heavier and this
guard adds some additional weight I want
to make sure it still flies with the
same amount of control
you
controlling this needs to be like an
extension of my body and it's not I got
to practice this thing more I mean that
was a successful run but it did have a
few bumps
they're definitely like they're so sharp
and broken I got to get new ones I'll
figure this out
you're good with drones how do you do it
I just don't crash it that's it that's
the rule just don't crash it you'll be
all right
how do you not crash check whatever not
have hit if you fly in a hallway don't
like it might crash it if you do it so
for starters you recommend not fly open
spaces is good Jessie is here in town
for a couple weeks I think we're going
to dinner right now
I just ate pizza but I'm gonna dinner
with Jessie anyways I'm a sport uh
Jessie you think you're gonna be warm
enough how do you don't blow the other
is fries oh I think I have a ski mask
here somewhere let me see this is
getting my cold weather outfit Jessie's
is equivalently awesome did you look
like it you you look amazing
no you look what the hell dude we're
gonna be terrifying we go flying vile
it's so cold outside you're right dr.
Jaffe good to see you man good talk
brother site for the future later Jesse
it's gonna be good don't get hit by car
don't freeze to death later Jesse good
to see that guy it's good to hang out
really positive conversation I gotta go
I gotta go to bed now I'm so sorry
Jim this wife is good
Wow huh okay it wasn't really incredible
though honestly
