officers
so many cops out here hold this phone
set
cold this is cold this is very very cold
no big deal
hitting it it's 7 a.m. right now it's 24
degrees out it feels like 16 degrees out
in Celsius that's negative 9 and
negative 4 degrees and it's supposed to
start snowing in 6 minutes I'm on my way
to meet Ben for a long run let's go it's
cold
Oh Barney Ben you see you ah Brooklyn
let's go let's go wow it's so cold
Oh fingers now over that City she is a
view hey you feeling
go go and tar this morning we are five
point three seven miles out Nilla
Brooklyn right now what's next
Greenpoint after we go water let's do
this is our turnaround point where are
we then we are on the Greenpoint point
that's marathon course right there
that takes us straight into Queens so
there's a good loop connect to the next
rival move all the way around it means
it looks like they're filming season 2
of The Wire right here on the NYPD boat
ready that was 14 miles at a 7/32 pace I
don't know what that is in kilometers
but I'll put that right here that is a
serious runner no why don't you like
these pants right why don't you like
these pants
well outfit today is just ridiculous you
don't think I look awesome you're
wearing acid-washed jeans a camel
Northface underneath the button-down
yeah it's like this is my party look
it's Friday what there is nothing like a
long run in the freezing cold to start
the day off right
also candace reorganized my closet last
night and she uh she surfaced my
favorite pair of pants
but I'm pretty sure she's been hiding on
me for a while check it out the party
pants are back
yeah I want this there's clean by the
time we return tomorrow morning look at
everybody else's desk nice and neat nice
and look at your yes Jackie me I just
moved here I was over there this guy has
been here I am the worst have an excuse
clean the desk oh look uneven spilling
out onto the floor Marlon it's not
bringing him stuff yeah it's my job to
bring him to stop man
Marlon's kind of like our dad that roll
out there yo have you been in here
yeah didn't mean a beam officers
they're hanging out behind the office
Ralph that's a full thing they know
something recourse londa care hold this
one Sam
yeah how our wannabe screens yeah hold
on second
move I'm in the cop car I'm in the cop
car
okay just kidding guys this this is a
picture car and that means this is a
fake cop car for some movie looks real
it does look real but they left unlocked
they're all a lock there's something
satisfying about just opening up cop car
doors hop stuff in the car there's like
old blankets and stuff in there um this
is my friend rel you might recognize him
so he looks like his brother Nev who's
on that catfish show and he's always in
the vlog more handsome younger brother
yeah um well when is your big Hollywood
feature film coming up by the way rel
just real quick is a big deal he
directed paranormal activity 3 catfish
the movie what else / Nova 34 this guy's
a big movie director when's the new
what's it called nerve nerve summer this
summer mini blockbuster let's hope
horror movie
no thriller teen thriller teen thriller
one night in Manhattan are you still
shooting you done that we're done we're
putting it together but we still got to
shoot your piece I'm still in it yeah
you're still in it man how could it be a
thrilling movie about crazy New York
City thrill-seekers without you in it
always wanted to be in one of your
movies real okay good
God is filming in New York City means
you're always gonna get photo ball good
yeah I've embraced it all right
this is an excellent meeting oh you got
her up and say hi all right let's talk
about nerve soon yeah great to catch up
yeah let me know when we're gonna I get
to be in your movie outside for a while
right later
I feel like this vlog is just becoming
me opening boxes nice carbon-fibre
barely weighs anything Manfrotto thank
you for all these tripods I needed new
tripod the inside of this box
look at that fluid head movement see how
fluid this movement is right now how
we're just spinning round and round and
it's as smooth as butter look at this up
and down ready that is that is fluidity
right there this means I get to turn my
iPad into a viewfinder for this camera
this is a game-changer look at this a
heavy-duty fluid head for this tripod hi
Casey I was happy to hear that you used
Manfrotto gear in the past and I hope
you continue to do so in the future let
me cover this guy's name Tommy at
Manfrotto thank you for these presents
ah production quality on these vlogs
it's about to get this much better I
don't I don't care about the hard but
it's just what it enables me to do
that's so exciting
late night in the office yeah Pizza
videogames Thursdays we have like our
big team meetings and after the big team
meetings sometimes it devolves to this
we were just working who's tired hi baby
girl are you doing honey
Oreos no they're above the fridge we
have these these are birthday cake oh
yeah yeah that was close hmm how does a
 legged crab crawl
what's that Megan's a much fun this is
like a pretty big arena and growling
the baby has come and eared our ps4
screen see you guys later have a good
night time to go home
hey Manfrotto I know that the saying
goes beggars can't be choosers and I
appreciate everything you said but why
don't you guys make one of these I mean
this is good but it's not great I see a
lot of areas for improvement make one of
these every vlogger will buy it
besides that thank you for everything
