good control damage or down it is
helping say I'm very quiet enopp lovey
now I have to go but I doubt it's all
good p'malee demand down pgz won't they
be our equals oh my god I give my big
day is past but I was it again
I don't know but they're worth I'll be
back in a bit we'll meet then yeah
you
SuperDuper cold out today on the boosted
board bring it to me real
bring our clothes me yeah yeah
the quality
this big scary City it feels so small
when you're riding around and everybody
says hi to you it is the most lovely
feeling what is the show this kid wants
to buy this
yeah the scheduled gear there's a show
oh I don't know oh you know no no thanks
good luck all right this this is my
eating place
at my lunch or coffee meeting now with
my youtuber friend maybe you're a fan of
our YouTube channel hi guys
YouTube's going very well I'm giving
sage advice from the one and only he's a
nice man what is your favorite YouTube
video you guys my favorite YouTube video
I've made would probably be one of the
cookies that I made because Facebook
guys got to eat like cookie dough on
camera and make cookies and share my
favorite rescue throw okay wait probably
my favorite one you made is when you
went to the Taylor Swift concert when
you accidentally film the entire video
in vertical I've done that many times
ah yes I'm still learning the ways
you're getting I'm gonna be 90 through
these things this like this little
contraption over here I feel like here
is the audience you know what this looks
like
does anybody do you know it just looks
like Miss this thing I can film you
do you realize it looks like enormous in
your hair like it as a little big
massive I mean babies
my cute you gentleman better I have one
of these clotting needs this it is like
a little child
wasn't that a good coffee
yeah great in there alright struggles
real Carly I have to go now because I'm
cold but it was nice to see you
are you really gonna ride home on this
did you want to ride it do you remember
the last time I have an Isaac know do
you remember when I tried to ride your
hoverboard hey I'll balance it for you
spice pull the trigger like a gun and
then there's all the real slowly forward
I know the other four what happened
right right thank you yeah you got slow
and steady okay now slowly roll it
forward there you go just like a car
this is yeah you got it Carly yeah lean
by Carly
never write in a letter what you can
stand the phone never sound the phone
what you can say in person and never say
in person what you can just think today
I have like five conference calls and
five meetings
not my favorite thing to do please there
is absolutely no
you bring it to me
we are still of
bring it on me yeah
that call is 32 minutes and 49 seconds
okay okay I want to do a new segment in
the vlog right now called products I
really like and want to talk about a new
segment called products I believe the
new segment called products I believe in
by companies that I'll okay this I want
to talk about this and this is made by a
company that I really like and I love
what they're doing and I like their
product so much I got in touch with them
and I was like hey I love your product
let's work together and now I'm like an
advisor sort of to this company so I'm
not getting paid to say this but like in
fact I'll put a little asterisk right
here that way you guys know that that
this is a biased review of this product
okay ready I use my cell phone for
filming all the time
camera on this thing's pretty great but
the lens itself is limited so I have
this this is a lens kit for my iPhone
check it out wide angle lens telephoto
lens macro lens and lens cleaner and
lens cap wait there's more now there are
a bunch of clip-on lenses for this thing
but the reason why I swear by these is
like look at this piece of glass that is
a very real piece of glass and the way
it connects to your iPhone is like so
pro that's kind of it people always ask
me on Twitter and stuff what lenses I
use for my iPhone so these are what I
use the company is called moment lens
that's a nice little letter from that
moment a little warning they're
expensive as if you can't afford them
just buy the cheap ones but these are
the best ones okay
all right wait look what look what you
can do with their macro lens ready this
is not what this is meant for that is
disgusting ha ha ha ha area folks all's
conference call completely necessary
part of conducting business but it
doesn't make them fun that doesn't make
them interesting and I don't have to
like doing them yo what's up what's up
after all that all those conference
calls I literally missed my most
important call at four o'clock I met the
email at 4:30
we're all waiting on the line for you
Casey and you never called in
and
