very exciting morning this morning we
went and toured preschools for Francine
which she's going to start in the fall I
never did well in school I also never
did well when I had a job working for
someone else I don't do well in
environments where I don't agree with
the structure or the curriculum but the
minute I was in a place where I was left
to my own devices where I had agency
over what I did I thrived now I know
Francine is only 13 months old but you
know she's 50% my DNA and I think that
she's probably the same as me check out
these leashes that I made for my gloves
franciene Azzam for mittens and now I
have them for my gloves I made him out
of hair ties I didn't do I didn't do QA
last week because it was like the
giveaway day so I want to do I want to
do QA whoo I want to Nate I'm technical
question do you watch the leftover
footage after you edit your vlogs do you
delete it or do you store it I watch all
the footage that I shoot and then I
don't delete anything I save every clip
I've ever shot for every single vlog
what's the biggest lesson you've learned
from filmmaking on YouTube
ah to be honest especially on YouTube if
you are a bullet or people your viewers
on YouTube then will sniff it out there
is no room there's no room for making
stuff up on YouTube oh my god check this
out
what look at this this awesome okay
Thank You YouTube what's up with your
glasses are you a new viewer I've made
like 10 videos about these glasses did
you expect vlogging to progress your
channel the way it is done ah my youtube
channel has gone from half a million
subscribers to now closing on 2 million
subscribers it did that in less than a
year and it started when I started
vlogging no I definitely did not expect
that to happen but it is like a big part
of the reason why I keep flogging
audience keeps showing up people keep
subscribing it's like that is the
greatest motivator to keep making will
you come to Mexico soon I don't think so
I am going to be in Florida this weekend
mmm cantock semester let me just check
this I put a different lens on there I
hope that looks I hope that looks better
next question I just want to know if
you're happy at the moment I love that
question
yes I'm extremely happy at the moment
and well no that's not true no I'm it is
true I'm happy right now but um you have
to scratch it the surface to get there
and what that means is ask me how I'm
doing I'm like I'm a little bit
frustrated right now I have to get so
much work done by the end of the day I'm
worried about getting Francine into that
school we visited this morning I have
all this stress but then I stopped and
I'm like wait really though and then I
appreciate I have nothing to be anything
but happy about Sergio asks have you
ever tried minecraft no I've never
played minecraft that I will say one of
my fantasies is to have enough time in
my life which I don't have right now
have enough time so I could start a
gaming channel on YouTube because I
think they're fascinating what makes you
so confident and comfortable about being
so very open about your address and
where you are in the world a lot of
youtubers tend to be very private about
such information and I'm wondering I
feel so comfortable I feel comfortable
sharing my address because this is my
office this is my studio this is where I
make movies most youtubers work out of
their home which necessitates much more
privacy than this especially because I
love filming in the street around here
it this neighbourhood is my set for this
vlog why don't you wear a wedding ring
ah it's not because I don't want people
to know married I'm just not
I don't like jewelry Candice has never
asked me so I don't know whatever hey
Casey how do you say upon the what
and life boys could see down think how
do you say positive life gets you down
well it's it's not easy ma let me let me
tell let me tell a story here
lots things Eddie Lea you've inspired
this story I would describe my most
formative years that is when I was a kid
as like incredibly frustrated and angry
and negative and all those things that I
push back against so hard now and the
reason why is because I was living in
someone else's world meaning there were
all these rules and all these teachers
and parents and bosses and all of these
external forces dictating what I could
and what I couldn't do and in that
environment I just freaked out and it
was because I freaked out that I moved
to New York City and I was like I'm
gonna figure this out I'm gonna find my
own way and how that manifested what
that turned into is creating this world
that I now live in it's I feel like I
live in this is my world I'm in control
so how I stay positive in life gets me
down is I have so many resources I have
so many different ways to express myself
and change things so when life gets me
down that's my fault and it's my
responsibility to change it and Lea the
most important thing there is that we
all have little things in our lives that
we are in control of so in life when
external forces get you down you fall
back on the things that you are in
control of that's why I'm such like so
passionate about having some sort of
creative expression for me it's movies
having an outlet is really helpful all
right it's always like one person that I
really get excited about their question
and then that dictates all of qat
this guy is outside kid is outside I
don't really know what to expect but
he's been contacting me for a while
I think he's like a gymnast parkour guy
or something I don't know to expect but
I like meeting new people welcome to
studio then famous studio very cool how
did we get in touch why did this happen
um kind of remember I mean I think I hit
you up I was trying to record some
tricks in the studio right that thing's
the best though the one-wheel is the
most fun these things are bad these
hoverboards I've used some of them yeah
they just explode the one-wheel is
really great you think you can trick in
here how do you do that in such a small
space
we got out of the pool I said all summer
long trying to learn how to do that on a
trampoline yeah I nearly got it I think
dude on the trampoline actually if I
fall don't put it in oh I'm getting it
again what we could do is I could put I
can fly the drone in here so you get
some like aerial shots look actually
yeah you want to do that what's going on
here is Kyle's about to do some tricking
and we want to get some like bird's-eye
view footage of it so I know I said I
would never do it again
I'm gonna do it again I'm gonna fly the
drone in here just really simple
straight up
shoot straight down housing do his flips
and then I'm gonna bring it down gently
no trouble today for me the drone is
gonna be fine no problem
all right ready
DJI emailed me and told me how to shut
these things down in a crisis which I do
appreciate it worked perfectly
drone is perfectly fine it just broke
another blade not a big deal
these things are amazing could have been
worse
yeah go file is a pleasure thank you
sorry about the whole drone thing pretty
fun yeah I'm in sea travels nice to meet
you
god those flips were really cool also
wish I hadn't broken my groan again next
time I say I'm never gonna fly the drone
inside remind me not to fly the drone
inside
