going on here
definitely never seen a cop pull over an
accessory before
these vans here it's public
transportation for disabled people which
is a great thing but their drivers are
the worst the most dangerous the least
respectful of laws and cyclists and
other drivers of any drivers in the city
they make cab drivers look like Saints I
think I heard the cops say that guy just
ran a red light
I just need to quickly run into the
office here quickly running in the
office oh yeah that's not good
see you soon calling leaving the office
now so boosted board which what's this
do you're about to see okay see you guys
later
Oh
go get the car now almost at the garage
not the car now I'm in the car
I am driving out to Greenwich
Connecticut to go to the Greenwich
Country Day School which is like a
preschool through high school kind of
school I had dinner with the headmaster
there like a year ago
great guy so they asked me to come out
and talk today totally psyched to do it
that traffic
I am now in the state of Connecticut
this is Greenwich Connecticut look at
these houses my god
fancy fancy and I think this is the
school
do not enter yeah this is the place
all right headed in now don't know how
much filming I'm going to do in their
schools tend to get really ye about
filming inside I'll let you know how it
went though I think this is what I'm
talking at a sixth-grade conference two
hours late I'll just finish my talk yes
you can be in the vlog bye guys I don't
know when the last time I spoke to like
sixth graders what is that 12 years old
sixth graders was but that was great
it's really brave I was a little
stressed out about coming out here but
I'm really glad I did he gave me this
sweet bag and I will say for a group of
her group of 12 year olds 13 year olds
the kids in there were extremely
articulate and had like a million
questions you know I do a lot of public
speaking at colleges and I do public
speaking at corporate events and all
kinds of academic institutions and
things like that and there's always like
such hesitation when it comes to asking
me questions and when I turn to the
audience in there again all sixth
graders I said does anybody have any
questions
fifty kids raise their hands like they
all had questions and when the teacher
finally said we only have time for two
more questions everyone went
back in the city with my feet wet mop
thank you
with my
with my
that's straight shot down Broadway is
the fastest scariest most fun lose the
role of an ad and I'm back good miss
anything important I burned my finger so
bad right there what were you saying
about the smell it's hard to concentrate
when the whole office smells like
grilled cheese I see what you mean John
we got a mean back here we are doing
grilled cheese day again today I'm
cooking John's consuming you know I
tried a new cooking method today oh my
god
it was so good
John's taking over as sous chef I'm
going off my girl is working out okay
bada-bing all right guys let's get this
meeting started
that is two loads worth of bread right
there
caki are you washing down your grilled
cheese with muscle milk
well now lemonade actually the muscle
nope is that right is not for watching
that forgetting huge let's get into this
see you tomorrow
I have a bit of an admission to make my
running partner Lindsey has been injured
that I've been using that as my excuse
not to run so my training which have
been going really well is now terrible
and my diet which is going really well
is now like back to Oreos and junk food
I don't have an excuse I need to get
back to it I think tomorrow is going to
be the day no more junk food starting
tomorrow
we're out here having some team meetings
with this guy this guy and in this tree
is a hawk in lower Manhattan look at
this
that's a hawk those are sneakers
I wonder if he always lives here
there are a lot of squirrels
this big
