okay teh marks only the second run in
the last five days that's not good and
my last run was a paltry eight miles
regrettably I only have about an hour so
today's may be short - but at least I'm
getting out there there's a woman in the
car behind me eating banana looking at
me like I'm a crazy person all right
that felt good that was just over ten
miles at just under seven minute pace I
think it was like six six fifty-five
pace it wasn't like my best friend this
morning but I got out there and that's
good and it was distance and it was fast
whoa
so my new like my new fitness focus
awfully good start
I'm now walking back home go home to
change my pants I'm wearing a pair of
pants that somebody sent me on mail time
I mean they're really nice they're just
each eeks I didn't wash them first
I completely forgot this is happening in
my living room right now in my living
room right now there's a music class for
babies there are ten babies and ten
mommies and one man making music whoa
cut those pants in the mail time I
haven't done mail time in a while I feel
like I would do more mail time I have
like a kick-ass mail time intro
how is that intro how was it compared to
the Blue's Clues mailtime intro these
are some of the mail time packages for
this week I do want to say I get
everyone's package that gets sent to me
and I appreciate every single one of
them but I can't open all of them in the
vlog because I can only do so many mail
times I hope you understand that please
don't be disappointed what is it about
human nature that makes us want to open
things so much I hope there's not a
puppy in here dear Casey I hope this
donut made it to you still looking good
very kind of you sir you know what it
doesn't look that bad I mean it doesn't
look that good I have kind of a gross
confession to make which is that when
I'm up here working late and I get
really hungry I just start rifling
through these boxes looking for snacks
hi Casey I'm attend matam May tab I live
in Canada I love your videos here are
this Rubik's Cube no problem
dear Casey this is a 100 year old coke
bottle I found it on the bottom of a
lake
sincerely Leo well Leo I don't know what
to do with this but thank you nice my
studio has been missing an Israeli flag
hi Casey my name is Alex and I'm from
Israel I watched your vlogs for a long
time now thank you for these presents
especially the Israeli snacks hi Casey
have this challenger I made it so you
never get the numbers wrong again the
numbers in the vlog that is check this
out thank you so much I have a special
appreciation when people make things not
much Casey I saw you went to Cuba you
want more Cuban stuff yes I do
boom Berto thank you very much I'm gonna
give this stuff to Candice she's gonna
freak out
I might pretend it's for me but thank
you
these things make a mess Casey greetings
from Northeast Arkansas this is too cute
look these are presents from it says a
happy first birthday Francine it's from
Marley who's 2 years old
we got bitches Francine only watches
kids shows that are in Spanish so I
tweeted that but it's hard to find kids
shows in Spanish on Netflix Veronica
works for Spanish kids show and sense
Francine all this Veronica thank you ok
it's a good thing you put that divvy it
set it on there dear Katie you don't
know me but I'm a huge fan everybody go
check out go check out shows YouTube
channel
how am I supposed to open it thank you
for this mask I've always wanted one of
these thank you very much can I get it
dry Maps like a dry erase board in the
shape of a map thank you all right all
right this is the last package Oh heavy
what dear Casey I'm an aspiring
entrepreneur that used some direction
well Tracy thank you very much this
light up B thing
here's facies letter ah alright
that wraps up another exciting episode
of male time by the way that by the way
the new mail time intro took me like
three hours to shoot that was worth it
leaving the office now I went the whole
day today without eating sugar and way
more importantly I really really stepped
it up on the pull-up chart here these
are the pull ups for the week in the
team office you just write down how many
done keep adding to it my goal is 500
eight 500 pull-ups this week and this is
what my hands are crunch
