I'm at the airport now but I want to
give a quick update on the fundraiser
that I launched on YouTube here a couple
days ago to support these victims and
the families of the victims of the
terrorist attack in Las Vegas first of
all we have raised thus far over two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars which
is unbelievable just incredible
generosity one huge donation of $50,000
from GoFundMe thank you a 25 thousand
dollar donation from someone who didn't
put their name an anonymous person and
then the other so far eight thousand six
hundred plus donors all gave you know $5
$10 small donations but it really adds
up to a meaningful amount so when I
announced this fundraiser a couple of
days ago one thing that I said was I
hadn't yet figured out how the money
would be distributed how that custodial
work would take place so I want to share
today that there is another there's
another fundraiser organized by the
Clark County Commission Chair Steve
sisal act this is an official in the Las
Vegas area and the stated mission of his
fundraiser is exactly what the stated
mission of my fundraiser was which is
just to help the victims and their
families with some financial relief now
his fundraiser is huge and he's trying
to raise ten million dollars so what I'm
gonna do is at the end of this
fundraiser at the end of the fundraiser
that that I've been doing all the funds
will then be put towards Steve Sisco axe
fundraiser and collectively it'll just
be one gigantic pot and then that will
be distributed to the victims and their
families and such so so I'm very happy
to be able to share that with you
another thing that I want to say is it's
only been a couple of days since it's
just horrific attack took place it's
still fresh in everyone's mind as it
will be for some time so if you can
please share my fundraiser or Steve's
fundraiser Steve's fundraiser is linked
below it's all going in to the same
place I think there are a lot more
people out there who are willing and and
would happily contribute to this if they
knew about it so helping getting the
word out could mean a lot obviously if
you've already donated a huge thank you
if you haven't five bucks does make a
difference
what else did I want to share just some
more details around how the money thing
works right now all the money
contributed is sitting in something
called the direct impact fund and that's
something that GoFundMe set me up with
so I'll never actually see any of the
money it's being held in this this fund
that GoFundMe put together and then from
there it will go to Steve sisal axe fund
raiser that's literally my plane I think
that's everything I have to say thank
you for your incredible incredible
generosity please share share Steve's
fund raiser share my fund raiser share
whatever you're comfortable with sharing
but I think the more we can get this
word out there that this initiative is
taking place the more people that would
be willing to contribute and ultimately
the most good we can do to show the
victims and their families and and
everyone affected that there's a lot of
good out there a lot of people that that
do want to help okay thank you
you
