this is what it looks like under the
streets of New York City
like a whole world down there
it's Wednesday I haven't really been
outside for more than like 10 minutes at
a time all week today I want to make a
point of leaving the office getting out
I don't care how cold it is how busy I
am got to get outside today
whoa hi this is my first boosted board
encounter with ice not good
worth noting avoid ice at all costs
this is not a very interesting outing I
am simply headed to the Apple Store
because my iPhone has reached that place
where it's six months old so the battery
lasts until like 10:30 in the morning
like I said not a very interesting
outing
okay see hey do it how are you man love
yourself thank his oldest party
historically apples always been really
cool with me filming in their stores but
after the spray paint the Apple watch
gold situation they kind of got uptight
about it so if I have to cut the camera
off while I'm in there that that's why
hi so my options are the Mophie which I
already have and it's good for the Apple
one which is maybe the ugliest thing
I've ever seen but it has the Apple logo
on it which I'm a total sucker for I
bought what may be the ugliest Apple
product I've ever seen this battery case
thing I want no joke I dropped this
camera probably once maybe twice a week
and when I say drops I mean critical
drops from altitudes that a camera with
this many moving parts has no business
being dropped from and it survives that
is a testament to the Canon 70d okay
I want to do like a quick kind of review
of this thing I think I already figured
out a critical flaw which means I've got
to take it back but let me check it out
first
I'd love to say that like this is a
comprehensive review of this ugly Apple
case but I think the reality is there's
not much to oh this is that critical
flaw is worried about you got your beats
you want to listen to some sweet jams
there's like this long tunnel right here
that's this long and this doesn't fit
through it Apple how do you have what at
what Johnny Ives at what point in time
do you think that this is okay so now
I'm going to take it back I think I'd
like to continue with this theme this
Apple Computer theme for today's vlog
Oh
this this was the first ever computer
ever that I ever edited video on ever
the year was 2000 y2k just passed the
dot-com bubble had burst the Concorde
crashed in France Vladimir Putin had
just been voted in and Bill Clinton was
about to leave office that was the year
I got this thing this is an iMac Divi
Braden and this was the first machine to
ship with iMovie on it iMovie version
1.0 at the time I was washing dishes for
a living but when I first played to this
thing I was like I have to have it and I
maxed out my credit card and got one and
I did the same for a video kit and I did
the same for my video camera this was my
first video camera to give you a war
story this thing at a 10 gigabyte hard
drive for context my point-and-shoot
that I use now I keep a I keep a hundred
and twenty eight gigabytes just in my
point-and-shoot in this entire computer
only on a 10 gig hard drive and a 10 gig
hard drive was like 12 minutes of video
so I would edit twelve minutes of video
and then I would export it to tape and
then I'll completely delete my file and
then I'll start editing the next part of
the video and then I would try to like
join them on the tape that was the
battle back in the day the reason why I
bring all this up now is because I am a
huge Apple fanboy I will buy anything
with an Apple logo on it case in point
this ridiculous thing and that's because
I feel indebted to this company it was
because of their technology that enabled
my career and that is a really big deal
as if that wasn't enough in 2003 it was
a movie I made about Apple's iPod that
was like definitely one of my first big
breaks let me show you
all right I mean this is it like every
newspaper but see this guy that's me see
what it says in his film iPods dirty
secret KC nice tat spray paints an Apple
poster blah blah blah it was that movie
that I made with my brother which is
about E which was about the ipods
unreplaceable battery at the time that
really like was the first time I'd ever
blown anything up the first time anyone
ever heard my name so that's why I'm an
Apple fanboy I still love Apple but I
guess go
very bad what are you doing here I'm
working for Oscar now I'm jamming this
softy movie
well that's major huh yeah I'm excited
his Oscar round now he wants to go meet
with them anyway I know how are you
how's your baby well there it is
stopping it what's up dude
why are you limping I wrecked my
motorbike and Nicaragua
that's the coolest story I've ever heard
they're like four Nicaraguan kids just
staring at me as my leg was covered in
blood just like well like a proper
motorcycle accident you went down there
was a river in the middle of the road
that I didn't see and I should have
charged it but I slammed on the brakes
that and I get it out the bike landed on
my leg all things considered super lucky
one question how did you not see a river
yeah come to had a friend change soon
didn't sleep all day now bye guys
I love those guys after some
consideration I think I'm gonna keep it
why is it so ugly
