these things just showed up in the mail
I try to install it Roman Atwood swears
by these things and in fact I only
ordered these because he told me to but
they're little like microphone
windscreens for your point and shoot so
the sound isn't all like let's do a
little before and after test this is
without the windscreen okay all right
seems like it's on there okay and this
is the after test this is the test after
I put the windscreen on there Roman
Atwood you are a genius
today's a day I have tried to make this
video for like the last four days in a
row I've literally shot this intro four
times in a row and then had to abandon
it but today is the day today is
giveaway day now I know that this has
been a long time coming and I apologize
for taking so long but I promise a
couple of things number one is that this
would be objective meaning my opinion
would not come into play when it comes
to selecting the winners with that we
have a whopping three hundred fifty four
thousand seven hundred and seventy-six
entries one hundred and twenty six
thousand seven hundred and fifty-one
people one of the camera kit one hundred
twenty four thousand two hundred eighty
two people wanted the boosted board
fifty three thousand two hundred fifty
one one of the drone and then there were
twelve thousand three hundred twenty
nine people who either didn't specify
are spelt it wrong which I just I can't
help you
so this was not a particularly easy
giveaway to conduct that's why it took
me so long to do this now how I
conducted this giveaway that's where it
gets complicated I use three different
youtube comment randomizers to choose
three different people from three
different sources what the
is that a ship here's what it looked
like here's a random comment picker I
enter the URL hit go and then it starts
to search and that's kind of it not much
more to it than that
alright this is it I'm about to get in
touch with the first winner of the
giveaway before I click call she has no
idea she's won and she doesn't know that
it's me is it weird that I'm genuinely
nervous about this amber I can't hear
you I can't hear you what I do what I'm
doing wrong right now yes hi hi um I've
got really big news okay you're the
winner
wait wearing it where in the world are
you
the Netherlands tell me what are you
gonna do with the camera well um I have
you chicken on myself but I've never
I've never flopped because I don't have
flung in camera so we don't start
I don't think she believes me Oh No
oh that was great
okay this is exactly what I had hoped
for this is exactly how I wanted things
to work out God that was so nice now I
gotta send this stuff to her and she's
gonna make youtube videos because of it
oh you are the winner of the booster
board oh my gosh
I'm so excited I can't believe this
dude if I were able to connect they're
like gosh GZ this is like one of my
biggest dreams ever to be talking to you
this is insane Nate Skype you failed me
up here is
for taking the time out of your day to
talk to me so I'm super pumped to see it
this is great man
wear a helmet so thank you so much for
all the work that you do it's just if
it's like such a big inspiration for me
well that means a lot meet here awesome
to meet you Nate have a great night
fancy it bye I mean one of the chances
that a 355,000 people that the two out
of the three winners so far just been
awesome young people that seem to be
trying to do good things maybe all my
viewers are just awesome aspiring young
people I hope so and I'm Richard Casey
hi this drone is yours you are the
winner my friends
Richard where in the world are you I'm
gonna sleep now did I fly this thing
dude awesome to meet you thanks for
watching the ball three for three
alright that this is the happiest blog
I've ever done Richard was awesome he's
a marathon runner he lives in the UK
he's really excited about his drone I
have to go home now
and they were future affliction
oh my vision is God today was great this
giveaway with great
that thing up oh I feel like maybe I
screwed something up
