today's vlog is going to be dedicated to
talking about an idea I hope you find
that interesting very cold very early
very dark run this morning that run this
morning that run in the freezing cold
that was at 6 o'clock this morning that
is 6:00 in the a.m. I was up outside
running in the freezing cold it is
currently 9 p.m. 9 o'clock at night
tomorrow morning I also have to get up
at 5:30 in the morning but I didn't
shoot a vlog today I didn't shoot a
video which is fine taking days off is
fine but I shot this morning which meant
I started something so if I didn't do a
vlog today it would have meant starting
something and not finishing something
and in my book that's not OK
someone who starts something and doesn't
finish something that is a loser someone
who starts something in always finishes
it that is a closer one of my favorite
movies is called Glengarry Glen Ross
here's a quick scene a B C a always be B
C closing always be closing always be
closing
yeah at ood that on my arm last week I
talked about that Voltaire quote
perfection is the enemy of good what
that means is you can never let your
desire for perfection prevent you from
finishing something that's good because
to finish something even imperfectly is
to learn from it and then you
move on and get closer to perfection
these fundamentals dovetail nicely with
my passion for YouTube prior to really
embracing YouTube I always considered
like my filmmaking the content I made to
be precious and perfection was
imperative and how that actually
manifested what that actually meant was
I just didn't make a lot of stuff
because I always had that excuse to fall
back on and embracing YouTube more
specifically giving myself this daily
mandate to upload a video it is forced
me to abandon this idea of perfection
this false idea of perfection and
instead forced me to focus on
productivity and that in aggregate over
time has made me a much better filmmaker
has made me a much better storyteller
creator all of that
give me this I need to explain something
called the Pareto principle 80% of the
movie that is the filming like all the
stuff with the camera me out running
around like the idea the concept all
that stuff the first 80% of the movie is
only 20% of the work and the last 20% of
the movie which is for me the editing
the last 20% of the movie is 80 percent
of the work all the things that people
typically associate with making a movie
is really only the small part of the pie
and the big part of the pie the pac-man
part this is finishing this is closing
and this rule by the way this applies to
everything in life this applies to
school whether you're a painter or a
musician trying to write a song trying
to start a company entrepreneurship this
applies to my business this applies to
when you run a marathon 26 miles the
first 22 is only 20% of the work it's
those last four miles that are 80% of
the work if you close or you hit the
bricks you can't push it you are hit the
bricks pal and beat it because you are
going out
I have to go home now because there
would be a terrible irony in me not
finishing a movie about what it means to
be a closer this is a bunch of stuff
people sent me for mail time that's a
light-up skateboard look it's Jessie
wait it's a little me
