children's brunch for the family thank
you bye
I like that place
okay bite right now I'm carrying two
backpacks carrying one boost aboard
riding another two cameras look at all
this gear I'm schlepping the truth is
Candice was like Casey you have two
offices you don't need to keep two
boosted boards two computers all your
computer gear and three backpacks in our
small apartment and I think she's right
one question I often get asked is why I
use Final Cut Pro 10 over Premiere or
any of the other superior editing
software platforms and the answer is
pretty simple I don't like to stop doing
things to learn something new and this
is a fault of mine I acknowledge that
education is like a shortcut to what is
otherwise attained through experience so
I should be more anxious to learn new
things but I'm not I never want to stop
and take the time to learn something new
if it means pausing actually doing why I
bring this up today well this is my
drone I've had this thing for several
months and I've literally never flown it
the reason why I've never flown it is
because I don't have to take the time to
learn how to fly it that changes right
now I'm downloading the app for the
drone so like the sooner you can get
here the better okay make it 17 okay bye
what you may not know is that my little
brother was a pilot in the US Air Force
he used to fly actual airplanes so I've
recruited him to help me in this
inaugural flight of the drone we're kind
of excited about this app has been
downloaded now following instructions it
connect your mobile device I kind of
feel like I should fly it in here first
before we take it outside that only
makes sense
it takes true skills you know to fly
this thing indoors
huh okay I just had a minor incident but
we're still full systems go okay coming
to meltdown city man here anymore
I think looked upside down and just
heard four holes in my floor it turned
upside down there's one full power all
right so I just have to replace one more
propeller blade which I broke we are
going to go up to the roof now so I can
fly this thing this is just a very
preliminary test flight I'm not going to
fly around I just want to go up and then
come down apparently there are rules and
legalities here in the city that I was
unaware of so I won't be able to a
proper test light just like a test test
flight here Hugh man this ready yep
it's also nighttime out which
that
exercise extreme caution on this fire
escape
I'm the only we could do is like step
from this fire escape to that fire
escape that's kind of dangerous
alright turns out you cannot access the
roof of this building on this fire
escape
we found a spot where we could safely
step over it's not very high so we're
going back to plan a here we're going to
make it the rooftop
what do you think
put a full battery in there that's hat
put a full battery
I got a backup battery what is it what
are these flashing red beet
how does never turn on the remote
control oh that could be the problem
okay all that problem was because I
didn't turn on the remote
despite the strong wind this thing's
like holding a GPS position very well
you see it fighting the wind it's
impressive
alright I'm going to go over the edge of
the building here where it's just a
construction site underneath so there's
no risk at all
whoa
all right bring her back bring her back
okay I would call that a wildly
successful maiden voyage I guess we
should go look at the footage exotic
here before the neighbors call the
police thanks for help Dean I appreciate
your support do you hear the sirens yeah
there's no way that's for us but let's
just get out of here just in case
tremendous success drone still fully
operational no crashes we got the
footage no trouble with the police as
far as we know - the tiny incident here
in the studio earlier I think tonight
was like a fairly flawless evening damn
it
this footage above the construction site
is the best pretty amazing all right
footage looks amazing
next time I'll shoot something for real
hope that wasn't disappointing
oh I did not work out like plan
