2015 has been the greatest year of my
entire life it's also the year I started
vlogging so if you want to know the
specifics of 2015 start here and don't
stop watching until you're here if
that's too much to ask here's a brief
overview started the year of the new
baby we didn't sleep much but she was
super cute took the kid to Cape Town
babies love Cape Town
everyone loves Cape Town back to New
York for a minute then took the entire
family on a trip
sauce and turtles didn't sleep much and
jumped off a clip I probably should know
I turned 34 and thoughts get I should
start daily vlogging salgo lost my
camera and flew home on a private jet it
wasn't mine someday though back to the
city back to work made a 27 second movie
that explained the totality of light
crash my bike got a new computer broke
my new computer ran ran ran ran and
chopped my hair off because I hate the
term man but went back to MIT got
recognized by two cute girls presented
us a shorty of work where I saw Jonas
Brothers he thinks we're friends
I think we're friends made a movie about
spray-painting and Apple watch
the media loved it I taught Justin
Bieber how to take a selfie then rode my
bike to a fashion party spent way too
much time on the red carpet made a movie
called fat and lazy about being fit and
focused got a motorized unicycle no one
figured out how to ride it
everyone got hurt coming out of a
helicopter turned out my safety harness
hadn't been clipped in surprise the wife
for Mother's Day
oh that at lunch without war thank you
headed to Vegas for the Billboard Music
Awards they weren't screaming for me
they were screaming for him finally let
go and ride the Vespa he's 17 now
it wasn't warm enough for the beat but
we went anyway went to another fashion
party I never know how to act these
things
Candice took me to midtown where I met a
shady diamond dealer I smashed my camera
with an axe that was introduced to my
first hoverboard told the story of our
honeymoon left out the sexy stuff left
in the drunk stuff
went to the gay pride parade with Ben
Brown saw half-naked girl and a lot of
half-naked men Friday is the best day to
be in the city posted my 100th blog then
went to LA with Jerome and met a bunch
of his vine friends they were all super
young but really smart I finally shared
what being is got a ton of press and way
more downloads than we wanted it was
very exciting but super scary we were
not ready rode my one-way off the beach
don't do that electronics and sea water
do not get along I fell in love deeply
deeply in love with an electric
skateboard went to VidCon and met some
fans did my first meetup fire t-shirt
cannon into a tree and then gave a
serious talk to a couple thousand people
I wrote my speech backstage in five
minutes back to New York back to work
back to my skateboard Candice got super
drunk on sake people keep sending me
stuff what to Texas on a private jet it
wasn't mine someday though where I watch
Graham get married we tried to treat at
the egg toss and were the first to be
disqualified
first it was followed what to Houston
for a funeral didn't know how to vlog
about that so I vlogged about climbing a
tree at a country club I didn't belong
to hit 1 million YouTube subscribers
flew to Ohio to hang out Roman at work
he's a fun guy I like him I like his kid
I like his car I didn't like the party
bus it smelled like puke the giant
Hummer smelled better but I thought the
lighting was going to give me epilepsy
back to California for the MTV Music
Awards Jack and I got nachos and hotdogs
Amber Rose had the best outfit and Kanye
wouldn't shut the hell up when surfing
with me dude
then back to New York City broke another
camera Oscar night $12 cheeseburgers at
McDonald's and then I made some movies
with Devin Supertramp his camera was
super heavy review the iPhone 6s video
camera put two naked girls in the
thumbnail which got me 3 million views
went to Mexico City and gave a talk then
we got mobbed leaving the stage and
security had to carry me out left Mexico
for San Francisco where I snuck into the
st. Regis and drop my new cell phone
into the pool it never worked again met
Candace in LA and went to the fanciest
wedding since William and Kate we work
traditional Indian attire well I did
Candace wore half of Ferb's
race around the strangers Maserati then
flew back to New York City for 18 hours
before heading to Spain for one day
where I gave a talk in a bullfighter
celebrated my 200th wall then broke my
new new iPhone that's great bar to
McClaren but gave it back because I
prefer my boosted board took on distant
bull for the weekend it rained the
entire time I love traveling with that
kid mix everything fun Jessie I flew
around New York City on a magic carpet
that video made thirteen and a half
million people smile I love making
people smile never try to make a movie
and run a marathon that was a tough day
gave a talk in San Antonio and then
visited the Alamo I didn't want to I
felt like I had to that's my favorite
scene in pee-wee's big adventure met
Candace Francine and owned in Houston
honestly I have no idea what we were
doing there strike some daiquiris in
Cuba then got stuck there because of bad
weather nearly missed Francine's first
birthday I chartered a helicopter to get
us home in time got super drunk at the
office Christmas party
didn't get drunk at all for Santa con
then spent the last few weeks in LA
before flying home a New Year's Eve
which I spent alone in my office writing
this video 2016 is here and this will be
the greatest year of my entire life
