this woman has on oven mitts for gloves
oven mitts
it's chilly out I wouldn't say it's oven
mitt chilly out
that's it today is the day this
afternoon at 4:50 p.m. we are leaving
Los Angeles flying back to New York City
I don't know that I've ever missed New
York City this much but I just I missed
the noise and the smells and the madness
and the chaos and like the energy that
is New York City this may make me sound
like your crazy person but it's it's too
chill here it's go time and I don't feel
enough pressure here at the beach to
just like fight I thrive on that we're
having lunch before we leave diving
Candace's mom is coming to join us now
and the restaurant doesn't want to give
us the bigger table
so these drama with this girl always
what's happening out there there right
there just tell them to hurry he just
lost our table what have a good day
and then the check took too long to come
and everyone abandoned me at lunch we've
got about 45 minutes before we have to
be packed back in this car and then on
our way to LAX I'm not a betting man but
if I were I would wager that Francine is
not going to be super cooperative on
this flight you know I talk a big game
about being so excited to get back to
New York City but it's like 75 degrees
out right now and sunny and I know
what's waiting for us in New York so I
do love you California and I'm sorry to
be leaving you this is bad brain plastic
lip you had one job and you failed
this is cheap plastic who makes this
back powerboard direct I want you to
know this is a low quality product and
it shouldn't be
I do miss my studio though God do I love
that studio what am I supposed to do
with we packed so much stuff come on get
it all right you behave is that
everything all right let me just fit
once over goodbye Santa Monica house
you'll be slightly just barely missed
are you gonna miss the house I'm not
gonna miss the house we'll miss
everybody right we're at the airport
by Jim
that is the last time Candace's mom is
going to see Francine until we're in
South Africa so it's very emotional
goodbye
ready are you ready to go one two three
four on your charm ass right we're good
this is an electric skateboard it's
extremely precious cargo and this is
getting in trouble because of her dog I
think it's gonna be fun traveling with a
baby is brutal what do you think
Francine if you like it going down you
gotta go through security now that's it
that's it that's how you do security if
you ever thought airport security was
stressful you should try doing with one
of these lot of moving parts right
you think she's excited I don't think
she has any idea what's about to happen
baby jail baby jail Francine you're
about to be stuck in a flying car with
no way out
chandus is stealing the milk peak okay
plate
thank you we might be the first people
on the plane
that's here see you stay there buckle up
Candace best guess how long the flight
tell if you start screaming
take off this is a six-hour flight it's
an overnight flight we're not this one
keeping the entire plane away
Kenneth and I are hitting the sauce
Brynna estimating arrival time on time
engineer we're in the air she has not
fallen asleep yet but she should have a
while
Francine why are you still awake this
guy here has a gigantic cat on his lap
she's not falling asleep not even close
we are hours
hours pastor bedtime
thirty minutes left in the play
ha star New York figure they have
overcast skies about 1700 feet above the
airport temperature at 10 centigrade
this 50 degrees Fahrenheit this ability
was down gentlemen JetBlue Airways
welcomes you to New York City's John F
Kennedy International Airport the local
time is 1250 a.m. for your safety please
keep your seatbelts fastened and
carry-on items but a wait until the
captain turns off the seatbelt sign I'm
going to wait thank you I thank you
all right that's it we're home quick
update on how we did with the 6.6 pound
jug of Nutella I think we did pretty
good I thought that that's like half a
tub
