all right I had a bit of a freak out
this morning and we're not supposed to
leave LA for three more days but we're
going to be leaving tomorrow
cuz I gotta get the hell outta here I
got to get back to New York
all right I'm ready is Candace a good
cooked no why do you think out three
meals a day seven days a week one time
she made me cereal and she put too much
milk in it that 2016 is going to be
different from 2015 the question was do
I think 2,000 different yeah I think it
can be different you know going into
personally going into 2015 there was so
much uncertainty and now the trajectory
is fairly well defined and I would say
like exactly the same for my
professional life and now is much less
about figuring it out much more about
doing it and that's one of those like
sort of aphorisms that I always say is
that in life you should only ever be
doing one of two things
figuring it out or doing it and last
year was about figuring it out this year
is about doing it how do I see Owen in
good question Owens been in the vlog
last couple days Owen hasn't been in the
vlog much this past year because he's a
senior in high school now and like my
little baby's all grown up and looking
ahead like he's leaving and going to
college at the end of this year which
will be the first time that I cry on
this vlog not to get sappy on you but I
don't know how I'm supposed to handle
that kid going into college Cody asks
what's the biggest mistake in your
career when I was having a tough time
instead of just working through it I
stopped to try to figure things out I
took a break and that manifested is like
you know two years of my life going by
where I didn't do anything I didn't make
anything I think I could have learned
what took me two years of nothingness I
could have learned that in a month of
working I always think like the work has
always shown me the path and when I look
back every mistake every screw up every
regret that I have in my career can
always be attributed to not working hard
enough
what's one thing you what's one thing
you don't want to happen in 2016 here's
a little bit of a loaded response to
that I was really gung-ho about moving
to LA ASAP as soon as possible
but I've kind of had a tough time here
the last couple weeks so I think that
moving here should not happen in the
next 12 months it should still happen
but not in the next 12 months so one
things I don't want to have happen in
2016 is I don't want to I don't want to
leave New York in 2016 so yeah that was
a snuff or a keys a sneeze and a cough
combination
what did Knology do you think will be
trendy in 2016 what technology will be
trendy I think drones it's all about
drones all drone footage that you see is
just like beautiful aerial shots which
get boring fast as drones advance
they'll become much more dynamic and
they'll be able to think for themselves
that's when it's going to get exciting I
want to drone and there's been a bunch
of teases that this is coming they just
throw up in the air and it follows me
around and when that happens I think
like we're going to see a big shift in
the way that people like myself and
other youtubers make content hi Casey
what's your best advice for staying
positive for 2016 I mean I think the key
to positivity in any year is just taking
a big step back zooming out and getting
a little perspective on where you are
and what's going on in life life could
be much much worse there are a lot of
people in this world dealing with
absolutely horrible situations but if
you're not and I hope you're not I'm not
appreciate that and I think the way you
pay it forward the way that you your
obligation for the world for having a
good life is by being positive whenever
I'm sort of down or on being a pole I
remind myself of that and I work hard
towards positivity Casey so my question
is what is gonna be your measure of
success for yourself in 2016
read your little girl is adorable um
that's a great question I always think
it's important to give yourself assign
metrics and like concrete goals
otherwise what are you holding yourself
to and this is a good question for me to
end this Q&A on one of my biggest goals
for 2016 is to just completely double
down on YouTube going into 2015 when I
started vlogging I talked about sort of
why YouTube to me why YouTube to the
world is so so relevant as an artist as
a filmmaker as someone who likes to
share ideas and perspectives why YouTube
is so important and going into 2016 I
feel different about that in that I'm
even more passionate about that idea
I think the relevance of this medium has
only gone up in the last year and I want
to invest everything I can into that
okay that's it for that's it for Q&A
today LA 2015 that's it for Q&A I'll see
you in the next Q&A which will be in
last night in California we are spending
it on the beach enjoying the sunset
pretty special also this is my sister
pool hall so that's Francine excuse amen
hi bubby
ah
ah
my little world
the world
and that is the last sunset of our trip
to Los Angeles you want to group food
you're not getting back down in the sand
skateboards are so much cooler than
hoverboards
