today is a travel day I'm heading to
Toronto for like 19 hours I'm very very
excited about this
this is now we're in Brooklyn so we're
kind of circumventing the island and
where all the traffic is this should
take us to New Jersey and then we sneak
in the back to the to the airport
you're talking to me
so yesterday's episode I may at the
airport fine yesterday's episode left
off with with Anne and me and the studio
to like late trying to finish a movie
that's due today we're like 15 hours
away from deadline buffer fest is
tonight the movie is still not done it's
almost there though you made it
patient oh he loves me Toronto yes that
foxy that is Jen's help to create a
friends of mine that are also going to
cross over buckle
all right I think they're stuck in
customs
I left the driver for them I'm gonna
take a taxi cuz I have to go plan for my
talk tonight at buffer fest thank you
thank you nice you the reason why I'm at
buffer fest this year is because Samsung
is a sponsor of a buffer fest and you
know I can't a lot of for the amount
that I work with Samsung but what I like
about Samsung is that their mission as a
company at least the exposure out hi to
them as a company is about enabling
creators so Samsung is sponsoring buffer
fest like they're helping put this big
event on for creators they asked me to
come up and talk about what it means to
be a creator that's why I'm here okay
now click run
easy even Canadian six miles all right
that's not good I got a better get back
to hotel now running there are a couple
of no nose and one big no-no is don't
eat a gigantic bag of OMG cluster bun
cheese out of the mini-fridge before you
go on a 6-mile run oh man
time to get showered get changed and get
out of here
the movie moves up all night last night
with and working on it's just about done
and it's really really good and that and
that's what I'll be showing tonight and
I feel really really good about it like
I could not be more psyched I could not
be more psyched to show this movie wish
me luck
alright I'm now backstage I'm now
backstage at the buffer fest this is
like where like all the props and all
the lights are and stuff that movie that
Ann and I were working on like it's not
perfect we need to tweak it a little bit
before I put it online which will happen
sometime in the future but it is
rock-solid to show tonight so I'm going
out there I'm giving a talk and then be
premiering a movie here at buffer
festival this is why I came to Toronto
okay so everything's cued up
everything's checked and now it's just
like 10 minutes or something before I go
on
and we just show the Edit guys all right
that's it Canada thank you for having me
ah New York City now I got to see
Francine and I gotta see Candice and I
gotta I gotta go home
Wow I made it back I just want to end
this video by saying that this supreme
bag here this is a fake this is made out
of plastic a friend of mine got it it's
like a Chinatown special I think it was
50 bucks I just thought it'd be funny to
troll all the hype piece
