I am such a jerk oh boy it is 7:00 a.m.
and I are headed to Malibu right now on
a father-son mission father-son and two
of father's friends mission you pumped
Pumped Ryan what's up I'm two minutes
away I'll see you then I'll see you in a
second
morning sir are you doing awesome right
on is it actually 27 degrees out it is
we are woefully underdressed you're
gonna be cold
whoa it is cold outside you two have on
infinitely more clothes freeze it will
get a lot warmer as soon as the Sun
comes up it'll go up like 30 degrees but
I have some jackets everyone I'm going
to take this jacket hi hey Owen
nice to meet you Mitch how are you out
of it you all right oh and look a
unicorn
bait ready we're almost at the top it's
gotten a lot warmer since the Sun hit us
we're still freezing Ryan has on gloves
I know that shot looks really cool glad
to run back there quarter of a mile to
get the camera where I'd left it to get
that shot you have cell phone service
now I'm playing a video game is this
some landscape not stimulating enough
for you own I was bored
you guys are talking about books you're
not feeling the view
all right I think we have to get out of
here now because everyone's mad at me
for taking 20 minutes to shoot time
lapses that is definitely rain it's
raining we're as far as we could
possibly be from the car right now
fine is that yours I brought that you
know what you guys alright just
finishing the hike now great hike it got
warm it stopped raining and now if
Phaedo and we're off to breakfast
starving later guys thank you hike
lunch hurry up you two can I drop you
off here we're back where is it in there
I'll drop your phrase the promenade is
right here like I have finally touch
now we just have to get get through here
it's 16 minutes away and movie starts in
3 minutes
only I got tickets to go see that Union
are DiCaprio movie but the movie starts
in like three minutes and we're 15
minutes away and traffic is brutal six
minutes away movie started three minutes
ago
factor in previews we should be good ok
that's it we just need a parking spot
we're gonna have to hustle
I parked that school bus in a compact
only parking spot it fits perfectly
hey welcome how are you kid are you
doing well Susie thank you did it start
yet just like a second ago
okay thank you father was dr. Bridger
you did oh it's really good love the
movie but wait oh yeah pay here yeah all
right thank you official review movie
was amazing I highly recommend seeing it
some of the most inventive
cinematography ever seen Leo deserves
the Oscar but it was not a perfect movie
I thought that the movie itself was
better than the story and that's what
everybody in the escalators were leaving
was saying is that the story was kind of
lightweight and the movie was like this
cinematic triumph that was an absolute
like it was it was great do you want to
add that no that is a thorough review a
revenant is a visible ghost or animated
corpse that was believed to return from
the grave to terrorize the living okay I
make sense
we tried to go to the sushi place but
they weren't serving dinner until 6:00
so he came to this premium place instead
hoing ordered everything on the menu
again very phone is taking Francine on a
walkabout around the restaurant to keep
her busy he's a good big brother this is
just ridiculous here that's like five
dinners was dinner good ready for bath
time in bed fast time bed done no it was
27 where we started 50 right now it's a
it's a dry cold easy
