Merry Christmas Merry Christmas I love
you I love you I love you Merry
Christmas I wanted to do something a
little different as like the Christmas
special and I wanted it to be about more
than just what I did on Christmas today
especially because like we didn't do
that much I don't know I guess we're
just weren't the only ones that have the
idea to come up here on Christmas save
all these Christmas trees here you do
not press this tree
I wanted this blog threw up why
Christmas was special so this is the
first ever crowd source blog I'm from
Rhode Island and my Christmas is special
because I spent the day teaching myself
how to play this accordion I ask people
one question hey Casey our Christmas is
special because my Christmas is special
because my Christmas especially my
Christmas was special because my
Christmas was special because I spent it
with people I love
and my family and it was just a whole
bunch of random I see why was your
Christmas special my Christmas was
special because we got to come out I was
in it
and my sister was my Christmas was
special because I got to spend it with
my best friends and my Christmas was
special because I got to dress up my dog
I got a hoverboard for Christmas I
remember when I got my first hoverboard
that is a special day my Christmas was
special because I got a box of cheez-its
I got a new camera to vlog with my
Christmas so special because this is the
first official year in which I'm more on
the giving side and the receiving side I
was really excited today I went from
getting gifts to giving gifts it made me
feel like a like an adult my Christmas
was special because this first Christmas
I've had a job and I've been able to buy
my parents gifts
I was nice for me this year was less
about the gifts and more about the
giving which I thought was really nice I
actually got people Christmas presents I
was more excited about giving than I was
about receiving family Christmas trip to
go get some Thai food for lunch because
where the hell else we're going to eat
on Christmas Day well we are not the
only ones in have this idea huh
thank you
so why is this place famous you know
again this is looking up why this place
is kind of famous but this is a friend
of famous Thai restaurant in Hollywood
that Candice really wanted to go to and
on account of it being Christmas and we
didn't know where else to go
here we are excuse us thank you
it wasn't bad in there but I wouldn't
rush back the food kind of sucked
where's mommy oh we're here I'm gonna
take it thank you
no give it to who my Christmas is
special because I got unlimited food
what's up I can't argue with food food
makes any occasion any holiday special
and the reason Christmas is special to
me is because of all the food you get to
enjoy I had lots of yummy food
ference was special because of eggnog if
we got to eat a lots of food peanut
butter spoon and I chocolate for
breakfast fountain England there's a lot
of food because I had the best meal of
my entire life I got to eat my mom's
awesome food and my Christmas was
special because cookies with homemade
lasagna a lot of candy because I had
pizza food food food food food food
leftovers I'm from England this was
special because McDonald's is still open
my Christmas is special because I got to
drive for the first time driving for the
first time is indeed a special occasion
my crystals are special because I fell
asleep at 2:00 p.m. and then woke up at
3:00 a.m. I realized that it was Boxing
Day you know I don't know what Boxing
Day is but you seem really excited about
it so that's special it's our first
Christmas that is just too cute and I
know the feeling Christmas was special
because of music I got a lot of good
gifts who doesn't love gifts my
Christmas was epic cuz I got all these
games and all these gifts over there
this we got I got these camera lenses
you recommended and I got this beam from
your store I got a lot of really cool
art supplies I got a cookie monster
onesie because I got lots of presents I
went to Disneyland without a car
my Christmas was special because I got a
selfie stick I'll just say hey Casey
our Christmas is special because of this
IMing age that is a double special cool
that is a double special day and that's
a very pretty ring congratulations to
both of you I wish you a lifetime of
happiness and marriage kids Christmas
was special today because I got to spend
it with my family all my kids all six of
my kids see there's one right there him
from college because we've got to spend
it with both of our families it's got to
spend it with friends and family because
spent the way family because I got to
spend it with my family
family my family both families cuz they
were split up to spend it with a lot of
my family members I got to hang out with
family cuz I got to spend it with my
family brings family together this woman
right here my grandma from Arkansas
family turned for a couple weeks ago
more than half of the people answered by
just saying family and that was my
answer to family is why today was
special for me so my Christmas is
special this year because I actually
don't celebrate Christmas but this Jerry
bought a tree and as the star we have a
hat with my flag on it I get to see
everyone else happy as well as myself
and my husband my friend survived cancer
today so go Bob you can do it bro I got
accepted to Channel Islands University
oh my Christmas special because you know
I'm uh there were so so so so many more
clips that I couldn't include
because it's just like the vlog I send
somewhere thank you for sending them in
if you set one in I hope you had a great
Christmas thank you for helping me with
my first ever crowd-sourced vlog and say
tomorrow
