look I bought this seven pound jar of
Nutella to give to Owen for Christmas
present like a funny Christmas present
and kandace's mom opened it and set it
to the baby
today is Christmas Merry Christmas at
today's Christmas Eve but tomorrow when
I post this it will be Christmas so
while your today is Christmas for you
but it's persons actually and the
reality is today's Christmas Merry
Christmas everyone we're Jewish we
really celebrate Christmas but it's a
great holiday I really believe in the
gift-giving part I thought today would
be a good day though to sort of do an
acknowledgement that has been absent
from this vlog since its inception see
if you go back and watch a lot of the
earlier vlogs I talked a lot about why I
started vlogging I wanted a reason to
force myself to make more movies and
daily was a way of holding myself
accountable but it was very all the
reasons why I started all the reasons
why I vlogged then we're about we're
about things that I could foresee or
things that I knew that I wanted to do
but now 275 vlogs later there's another
reason why I vlog and it's a reason that
I could have never foreseen 275 vlogs
ago and that I'm that unforeseeable
reason is you is you the audience the
viewer the fan however you would
identify yourself if you're someone who
watches these videos that I make the
impact that you have had on me and the
reason why I make these it's been huge
you hear a lot of creators a lot of
youtubers a lot of vloggers talk to
their viewers or refer to their viewers
as friends or as their family here
bloggers say I love you to their
audience and I get all that the reason
for that is like the reason why I'm able
to do what I do the reason why youtubers
are able to do what they're able to do
is because of you the audience and that
relationship that appreciation is
tremendous that's it that is all that's
all I wanted to say I just want you to
know how much I appreciate you choosing
to spend your time watching these videos
I mean you could be watching cat videos
right now but you're not you're watching
my vlogs
for that I thank you so much a youtuber
named jack harries made a movie called
you and it's a poem about the viewers
about youtubers it's also one of my
favorite videos I think it's one of the
best videos ever made on all of YouTube
and that's a bold statement you should
check it out I'll link it below you get
it where are we going
least we get lunch yeah oh whoops sorry
I screwed up again take the next right
Ali
take the next right today's Christmas
Eve
yeah it just straight and take your left
on Robertson what do you do at that
place why sure
that's it Francine is sick Candace's
mother is sick so we left both them at
home we are going to get lunch on this
lovely Christmas Eve
make sure you have to pay close
vitro fight each other like 20 good to
get here
what now write it out so no end out you
want to go to Canter's hold on a second
I just wanna see how far it is we
decided not to go to in-and-out instead
we're going to Cantor's which is really
a Los Angeles classic this is one of my
favorite places like anywhere not just
in Elias one of my favorite places I'm
gonna have the corned beef Reuben what
do we do in LA as adults on Christmas
Day
Yanis and I just had an idea to come
back here tomorrow for Christmas because
they'll definitely be open where else
would we go
how was lunch so good
okay come on
get it all in one box thank you
why is it so anonymous looking wait till
you see inside it's beautiful alright
thank you
yeah chicky Candice do we need a ticket
is that guy even work here alright this
is some weird fashion East or that
Candice dragged me to they're definitely
yell at me for filming this whole place
is just different little rooms in this
gigantic warehouse it's pretty cool
number one at 38
where did you buy that plate
if anybody ever wants to hang out
Candice this is what you do you got to
lunch and then she takes you to one door
after another where you can't buy
anything you just have to behave inspire
ya by the beautiful things and the
materials and the quality and like
gorgeous like craftsmanship in there
did you see the plates I bought there
were nice plates you're back in Santa
Monica give your mom sending out the
debut feeling better you think she's
still sick
I mean that's not very reassuring I mean
I could say that I can see she wasn't
feeling well I don't know how long do
you stay sick for I think as long as
regular full-size humans alright I just
dropped the car off against the sisters
house I'm the boosted board home I think
it's probably it for the vlog today I'm
going to cut it short on account of
Christmas Eve I wish all of you a Merry
Christmas
oh also I may not vlog tomorrow because
of the whole Christmas thing
although Christmas is usually pretty
boring when it's all said and done
I thought this park would be a really
good place to shoot this and they're
like maintenance workers with chainsaws
working behind me on Christmas Eve what
are the chances
