I am definitely going to get in trouble
for going up here
bright and early 7:00 a.m. today special
running guests this morning Nev Schulman
have you been running Nev nah that's
just like a bike now today really begins
my marathon my Boston training for that
most people don't like when they get a
run in their stockings
I love front-of-house that run for you
I just got splashed my wife a big way
I'm soaked
I was posed at 20 honey some miles 20
nose 8 that was a lead eight miles
all right need 30 pull-ups 30 dips
that's a wrap feel strong good to see
you sir all right my friend safe travels
Candace and Francine and her mom all
came down like a blue last night I
better not get sick
how was breakfast Francine
you want to go I was invited to go see
Star Wars in IMAX with a friend but I
totally stuffed the time and now worried
I'm not going to make it the streets are
a little wet
I hate riding when the streets are a
little wet and this motorcycle is
steaming up a storm
I never know where I'm going
whenever you keep slow
ah
I have no idea where I'm going
Wow it was great it was really all right
let's get started
for today's Q&A I wanted to do something
a little different so I asked people on
Twitter to answer questions from me and
I thought I would share the questions I
mean the answers to my questions that I
found most interesting what is it that
you like about vloggers like not just me
in particular but like all vloggers why
watch a vlogger instead of watching I
don't know TV show or something else
like that I can just see people's lives
in their eyes as structured as TV shows
that is interesting because in
television there are producers there are
people between like the character and
then the finished product and I guess in
vlogging it's more true it's fascinating
to see other individuals perspectives on
certain life situations vloggers based
on true stories told by the Creator the
common thread with all the answers that
I'm finding is that viewers have a real
appreciation for seeing other people's
perspective which is kind of the exact
reason I would give for why vlog I love
sharing my perspective question number
two is what makes a vlog interesting
okay see how much vlogs because it's a
new way to watch stories and at least to
watch TV all the time they would tell
stories and they're written but these
are like real life stories what makes it
look interesting is that is real is
really everything is what I see what you
saw from your
it's pretty much your point of view
we're so inundated today with like
content there's so much crammed in our
faces all the time and most of it's just
garbage that's trying to sell us
something and what I like about vlogging
and what I like about vloggers is that
it feels like there's some truth there
there's some honesty and I can trust
that authenticity in ways that like I
guess I've grown jaded towards what is
more traditional media I'm finding this
like really valuable research for my own
career okay my last question the last
question that I asked was what do you
see as the future of media meaning like
TV Internet YouTube even like snapchat
where are things headed here's here's
the first answer I get pretty soon it's
all going to be like Holograms from Star
Wars you know I don't know that I agree
with that look we had 3d IMAX movies
like 10 years ago but now we all watch
movies on our cell phones I don't think
it's gonna get bigger or like the
technology is gonna be radically
different I think it's gonna be like
it's just gonna be everywhere like it'll
be in my glasses but not like Google
glass I believe the future of media is
gonna be TV goes away everything is
gonna be online and digital
I agree with you entirely and I'm
betting my future on it
Myles life broadcast television will
probably die out ten years I think
sports and news will still kind of keep
television afloat in some way but as far
as I tuned in to watch TV shows I think
we're already seeing the death of that I
think Netflix put a nail in that coffin
all right I got to stop because I'm like
tweeting this live and now people are
showing up because they figured out
where I am sorry I didn't mean to scare
you
and so sorry sorry about that I just
talked to Candice she said she was
feeling better so maybe we'll do
something fun tonight we've done
anything fun in a while oh I think I
just ran over a light bulb
super fun night with the family we did
the baby out we went to these like who's
trucks that set up on Monday night so we
River night today is Tuesday night the
food kinda sucks but it was still really
fun it's 11 o'clock now I'm just taking
the boosted board home I just having fun
you want to go can we go now oh one more
banana
