franzine come on your motorcycles are
super fun but they're not like the most
practical way to get around especially
when you have like a wife and a baby
gasps all over the gas tank
early morning ride to get the baby
formula that I did not get yesterday
I don't need a bag thank you mission
accomplished now I got to go back to
Santa Monica
she don't drink this yeah what do you
say Frankenstein she does not want it
printing that's where we're taking you
out there where are we ready
how what do you see will you put her on
it
are you scared
quick family lunch and I think Candace
is going to go with Francine to your
house shopping and don't know what I'm
going to do
this morning's vlog has been super super
scattered and has lacked any sort of
cohesion and that's because I knew what
I was doing today I knew at least what
part of my day was and I had zero
intention of logging it but I came here
and I've been incredibly encouraged to
film something so I'm not bringing you
here with me to be a part of what I've
been up to today and ah why do you want
me to film you in here man
cuz this is you know this is real this
is who I am at this moment and there's
my urine isn't that exciting
yeah I'm gonna have like blur this out
um Jake tell us what's happening uh uh
well I recently had surgery to remove a
sarcoma which is cancer from my leg and
now I am just stuck in a bed for a week
how old are you Jay I'm 27 years old
when did you find out you had cancer
about three weeks ago what was the first
thing that went through your head
honestly the first thing that went
through my head and this is my son see
what was it I still had so many things
to make and I was like dang it I can't
die there's so many other things I have
to create and that was real like hit me
really hard I was like well what can I
make like if I only have five months to
live that was like the first thought so
I'm trying to arrive at yeah done where
do you want to go direct me what I would
love and I mean this this is the
exercise I do all the time I'm like
always in a place where I'm like
constantly asking myself am I finally
have this much more time look what would
I look back and wish I had done
differently and then I come up with an
answer and then I do that immediately
because I don't want to be full of
regret if I find out that like my fuse
is being shortened you had to face that
reality when we make things and I'll
talk to you and you when we make things
that's who we are that's a piece of us
that's captured forever and we're honest
I think when we make things it's really
the creativity of who we are and so it
bummed me out the most was that I didn't
make enough stuff and I kind of thought
what was the last video I actually spent
the whole week thinking about what would
the last video that I make be and I had
like I came up with this while I even
wrote like the out
for it that was kind of went through my
head is I didn't make enough things
because there's still so much I need to
share I guess the good news is the
prognosis for Jake is really good you
gonna be fine
right yeah be fine just have a weird leg
they had a chop off a big part of his
leg you're not gonna die he's gonna be
good and thank you for being so honest
with sharing I mean it like it means a
lot to me and I hope you guys can
appreciate how meaningful this is thanks
for visiting me when I'm like a disaster
my hair is not good oh look you look
great
ah also by the way if you don't know who
this guy is I will link his YouTube
channel below he has one of the best
channels on all of the Internet all
right I'm gonna finish I'm putting the
camera away now bye I really meant that
when I said I had no intention of
filming in there and I think it's a
testament to Jake and just how positive
and incredible that guy is one of the
first things he said to me is he's like
where's your camera I do weekly q and
A's in this vlog and one of the
questions that springs up fairly often
is what is your biggest fear and my
response that's always the same my
biggest fear is getting sick it's not
fair like it's but like I'm about to get
on a motorcycle right now and I think if
you crash a motorcycle and die like
that's fair because motorcycles are
dangerous you shouldn't be on a
motorcycle that is a risk you take
but being sick getting cancer that's not
fair especially in someone like Jake's
case he's 27 years old he's totally
positive up there nothing but smiles
he's an amazing guy
you look like a criminal
I was trying to get funny finance a it's
late now baby's asleep we left the baby
with Katniss's mom we're going for a
walk
cuz this is lovely California yeah this
weather so wonderful it's like 55
degrees though I thought it's colder
uh-huh
it's not that much closer than that
what's the weather
where did you say it was what is it 5565
maxi it do you want some water
are you like lifting a lot of weight to
chew on I'm okay this is definitely on
the vlog you've never been this buff
before you live in New York at a
restaurant and the like but one of the
guys who work there is like one of the
waiters came up to me and was like I he
knew me and Priscilla from your vlog and
he was like your house looks great I was
like why do you okay I'm putting the
camera so you can put that
bucket
we just left Maxie's house when my
oldest and greatest friends ever gets
rating some junk food now before we go
home are you getting it
all right that's it we're going to go
home now I also just realize that the
white balance is off for this entire
video so I hope it doesn't screw
everything up
yeah really
