we were getting lunch in Malibu we spent
the entire I'm carrying this thing so
heavy spent the entire morning house
shopping Candace's parents they need a
house not us
lunch was good the baby freaked out now
we're leaving
don't know what the rest of the day
holds I really need to get a run in
though not that way
ready it is 2:00 in the afternoon now
I'm getting caught up on email I'm
trying I'm trying to get a run in right
now so I have my running shirt on see
Candice's whole family is here and my
sister lives here we have the baby here
then there's the new baby so there's
like a million things to negotiate and
it makes it impossible to like I mean
it's great it's great being around
family but it makes it hard to like I'm
used to having like I'll see you later
bye Francine
bye I'll see you later
I'll see you later how do you know if
they're contaminated all right
that is Marina del Rey there that is
Venice Santa Monica where I started over
there Malibu ride lunch is over y'all
and that guy right there that's me I
always always always always prefer to
run first thing in the morning because
then like the rest of my day is set up
by that run I'm about seven miles out
right now I feel okay but because I
didn't run this morning I got lazy and I
had like fish and chips and french fries
and gross this for lunch and now I'm
just feeling that and it's like throwing
off my whole flow I always like to run
in the morning
what how's that even possible
all right done with the run back home I
was 10 and a half miles
what is this wet stuff falling from the
sky I thought the deal with Los Angeles
is that it doesn't rain ever I hung out
from the run but the pouring rain
outside and like all of Los Angeles
comes to a stand so when it rains out
well you supposed to now
ah
oh hey buddy
it is now 8:00 p.m. the act of vlogging
for me is finding like a little story
every day from my life to share with you
via these videos via these vlogs
that's Joseph it's just sometimes really
really challenging to find the moments
to capture
not so fast there Oh he pulled his car
over and I like stuck my head in his
passenger side window and he and I got
into this like 30 minute conversation
and it was about how he likes to take as
much time as he can to finish something
and how he struggles to finish things
and I like went off on him with this
like diatribe on how the very reason why
I started vlogging was because I needed
an impetus I needed like a catalyst to
get me to create more and at all costs
you make something and then the irony
that is having that conversation then
coming up here and not having anything
to make anyways that's it for today's
vlog it's just me talking about how I'm
struggling I have like five pints of ice
cream today my note sugar thing is
really not working out in Los Angeles
