I just stand in the corner I don't know
what to do who to talk to
I never know what to say to people
Candice is always yelling at me for
acting like an idiot eight twenty nine
eight I cut my hair last night I really
did up so don't give me a hard time
about it eight twenty nine a.m. Santa
Monica California recognized that from
grand theft auto I'm out in a run
yes I'm interrupting my run to do this
little broadcast hear this Los Angeles
weather it's incredible and on top of
that there's like some sort of cold
front here everybody's complaining about
how cold it is I literally passed the
guy on my run this morning who was
wearing winter gloves and a hat
it's like 55 degrees outside okay
Los Angeles day two just getting started
here check out the size of these
gigantic prehistoric pelicans those big
guys all right that was 10.1 miles at a
7:05 pace fast but shorter than I wanted
I kept being distracted by all the
beauty that is Santa Monica
okay I can do this
over the laser got it I am on my way to
the all-important family gathering to
celebrate the birth of the new baby okay
in just apologies in advance I am
definitely not bringing the vlogging
camera into this family situation the
soiree is happening downstairs right now
Francine and I are up here taking a
quick break what do you see family event
over well for me it is anyways you know
I consider myself to be a fairly amiable
person great in social situations but at
those family events I turn into the
biggest social moron it was really nice
though and the food was delicious
just stand-in here on the street corner
waiting for an uber check out this girl
singing in her car are you my uber I'm
Casey how are you today I'm good well I
am now headed to the other side of Los
Angeles see canvas that I didn't bring
we didn't bring a car and sharing with
her mother is less than ideal so I'm
going to borrow a ride from a friend but
this is a little bit like a Jason Bourne
Identity situation because my friends
not here have to sort of break into his
house with his permission and then steal
his ride also with his permission and
then drive all the way back to Santa
Monica
yeah I told he told me how to steal it
he gave me his permission you can't
steal somebody's car without permission
look at these the hills look at those
houses up there
crazy right you live up there that's one
of your houses thank you very much all
right I've arrived at the destination
normally I'd film me like breaking in
with permission to this house but I feel
like that would be like really
irresponsible to like put an instruction
manual as to how to break into someone
else's house on the Internet I'm just
going to cut and the next shot will be
me taking the ride yeah mission
accomplished I got the ride
and I have not ridden the motorcycle in
a very long time that felt great
see you guys didn't know me back when I
used to ride but I used to ride a bike
every single day rain freezing cold
I gave zero I was on my bike every day
then I wrecked my first motorcycle and
then I wrecked my second motorcycle and
then after I wrecked my third motorcycle
I was like you know what maybe every
single person in my life is right and
I'm just not responsible enough to ride
a bike in New York City and I'm not in
New York City right now there are a few
things as badass as riding a motorcycle
like that to go buy baby formula I'm
looking for honest
baby formula Acela they don't have the
formula
I'm coming on I'm coming I'll see you in
a second it feels like it's so late but
it's not it's seven o'clock I'm just
starting my edit I'm just starting my
edit for the day I think I might go out
to dinner with my friend he just texted
me
oh yeah never mind I'm gonna have to
determine my friend yo coming down
coming down just put my coat on Oh guys
come on so quick what's up guys bring it
in what's up Eric Alex hey I'm gonna
come sit with you
so ya out here with the great Roman
Atwood why are you in Los Angeles good
to see you dude what are you doing out
here just for you you said you were
coming you are to stay in the flight do
your vlogs have just been blowing up
talking about my vlogs look at your
vlogs
good to see you max bring a while last
time I saw you was summer and it was
nice and warm if we could jump out and
scare people if these boxes hide in
those old meat boxes oh no no no no no
no that is literally an old meat box
jump meat box that sounds terrible
on a scale of one hungry look older
maybe like a three or four dinner's done
it's a lot of like neat you know I
figure I owe you to me but you can just
keep all attorneys because that was all
I can eat
thank you have a good night okay I'm
done you can record thanks Rob
for like the two of you out there who
does don't know who Roman is you have
more viewers than I do now
he's the biggest blog around planet
Earth no I'm just saying like of all
people were gonna see this maybe two of
the viewers won't know who you are two
times to list but Alex here I'll link
Alex - you should I got his vlogs these
guys this guy thank you and this guy on
there the fact I see us dude Break
senior said my entire body's covered in
grease right now I feel like something
happened to me and then you smell like a
cheeseburger oh man
