says right there Sunday 7 a.m.
what are we supposed to do now
give that a bag
eight in the morning on a Sunday the Jin
says it opens at 7:00 but it's closed
right now just like I don't know what to
do with myself I suppose I could go run
but I have a very specific running
schedule and after you do 16 miles
yesterday today is my day off
you know crunch Jim WTF man think it's
easy getting out of the house at this
hour with a baby and a wife and others
other adult responsibilities not cool
you
alright that was the best Street workout
I could come up with I don't know enough
about exercise to do this without like
the machines in a gym today is Sunday
it's family day before the day begins I
want to talk about yesterday's video
yesterday's vlog wasn't so much of a
vlog it was more of like a little mini
documentary about SantaCon or a day all
in their santa Garbett really out nights
the whole day and it was like four
minutes long and I'm really excited
about the way it turned out but I like
reading through comments here and a lot
of people are giving me a really hard
time for it being so short so I wanted
to explain myself see my goal every day
is to upload a really good video like
that whatever the best video is that I
think I could make and length does not
always make a good video there are a
number of vloggers out there who really
just shoot all day long and then string
together all their footage and those are
their vlogs and they have big audiences
and people love them but that's not what
I do what I do is I try to make like a
concise three-act narrative like a movie
that tells a dynamic story and sometimes
that takes me like 15 minutes to do
sometimes that takes me four minutes to
do like yesterday in fact my most
popular YouTube video is about my kitten
me going to a water park and it's like
three minutes long and that's been
seeing 17 million times so I don't know
that's it I just wanted to address that
I always think that in all facets of
life I think that if you have
expectations for anything
you're always setting yourself up for
disappointment the only expectation that
that you should have from this channel
is that I will post everyday and it
would be the best movie I think I can
make all right now family day
we're leaving for LA later this week so
my dad's coming in today to see the baby
Candace is currently exploring brunch
options Francine is currently having our
own brunch pretty much anywhere that has
a sign that says this is a restaurant we
like this is tight in here hardware
store I need to buy materials to attach
the bookshelf the wall so it doesn't
fall over on Francine what'd you pull
actually childproofing things they make
them if you're not going to Jimmy
something yourself are you well I could
give me something myself no I'm good at
that I'll just screw it right into the
wall Candace is on the phone with a real
estate agent from Los Angeles when seems
a little premature to me but yeah I
think she's ready to get out of the city
a year or two we're going to move to LA
as well my sister's there my parents are
moving there for bullsh from New York
but like we have
here yeah it's mid-december I'm wearing
a paper-thin windbreaker over nothing
but a t-shirt I'm too hot right now
windbreaker has to come off global
warming is real
did she poop now are in a bookstore
we are headed to brunch next we don't
think Francine's going to behave so I'm
trying to find her a toy to keep her
busy at brunch no girl would like this
she's really tired this is what we
decided on
my brother sends me your blog everyone's
okay and you did a blog a little while
ago about moving to New York yes and it
inspired me to move here welcome to New
York City thank you I've been here since
November and I was here temporarily he's
sent me your blog and I was like that
said I'm staying costumer than New York
thank you so much so long you just find
something to do do it he's a Santa
amazing like that's not it that's not
someone who complains which is like yeah
that guy if you're seeing this guy do
you see say his name just did it just
move to New York City from st. Louis do
it love that do it whatever it takes
whatever it takes
it looks like he's 90% asleep keep going
around the block I'll go check and then
come find you we're at brunch now but
the baby's just about asleep
she's like a ticking time bomb we could
win there with her now she's just gonna
start freaking out
so Candace is gonna walk her to sleep
I'm gonna try and go find my dad
oh we're just looking for you oh we were
waiting right here and all right let's
go
hi guys
all right this is your best bet all
right have a safe train ride bye guys
the parents have left my little brother
went home babies down for a nap and this
is also down for a nap I gotta go to the
store so my dad came in today to see the
baby and see me and see my brother
because we're going away soon we'll be
gone for three more weeks I haven't seen
him in a couple weeks it's tough it's
like the older you get the more
important family becomes the harder it
is to actually see family trying to
makes me sad you know I shoot in this
store sometimes as the lighting so good
but I can only imagine what people think
of me when they see me filming in here
that's kind of the beauty of New York
City no one uses what you're doing at
any time thank you - is it bad that it's
only five o'clock and I'm entirely ready
for bed right now
and teeny what did mommy say she said
don't throw your bottles in the floor
