this is Casey Neistat reporting live
from Santa Con 2015 New York City come
on is unreal every December Santa flies
his sleigh over New York City puts it in
neutral and then sprinkles thousands of
minions it's a day that's loved by all
who participate and generally hated by
everyone else hey man I interview
interview me where you from
wait I'm from Queens you get in the
perfect California baby from Texas
Dallas
I'm from Queens I'm from Pittsburgh I'm
from Queens
oh yeah perfect California common we
live in the East Village where we are
right now we're from check it oh man
Kentucky
I
I love it what do you love about it I
think I love that all these different
people come together you know celebrate
one holiday it's amazing you know how
one thing versus all together they're
all together that were drunk yes
craziness is different it's like st.
Patrick's Day on steroids it's gotta
celebrate the season with random friends
are you just moving we're gonna drive a
bus down a very dry lake I work
acceptable yeah I grew up on the street
and everyone hello away I think it's so
amazing
everybody is good I love it
I was saying coming down here it was
expecting much more cynicism and like
negativity Casey nice dad
but so far everybody's been really
positive what's up guys how are you good
how did you see the town going pretty
well for you
Oh
I'm on probation
one final time
and to baby
just hurry down the chimney you don't
allow people in from SantaCon No
all the gold
No Santa's what is happening well he
will let me in but you'll let them in
because they drop yes Santa's so maybe
they just don't like Christmas
do not litter no fighting don't be on
the streets okay
final takeaway on SantaCon I shouldn't
be so quick to judge the truth is just a
bunch of people having a lot of fun even
though they're making a train wreck of
the city I think we want to come back
every year yeah you cut up just for
silicon yeah that's our first time and
what do you think I think it's so far so
good we love it who do you here with I'm
here with my family my two daughters and
my wife amazing
