Candace are talking about moving
apartments in New York City I mean we're
not gonna I don't think because it's a
stupid idea we just moved into this
place but we both kind of want to move
apartments today on the blog something a
little bit different today on the vlog
we're gonna do today we're going to do
story time
I do Q&A once a week I try to read the
comments I try to pay attention to
Twitter and throw all that I see trends
trends and people asking the same
questions or asking about the same thing
kind of a lot so I just thought why not
do a whole vlog about one subject that
I'm particularly passionate about and
that one subject is New York City see
New York City has always been so much
more to me than a place where I live
this city has been my muse my
inspiration this city has been I should
really preface this entire story time
story by saying if you're someone who
identifies with a spirit of adventure or
aspiration figure out how to live in New
York City at least once in your life all
right back to the story I want to go all
the way back here to 1988 when this
movie the movie big starring Tom Hanks
came out I get some air between you and
the Tramp holy
anybody do this
the movie is about tub the movie is
about Tom Hanks who magically becomes
big he moves to New York City and he has
the brain of like a twelve-year-old
because he's a kid on the inside he
succeeds wildly beyond his expectations
including getting like this ridiculous
loft in the neighborhood that I live in
right now and putting a trampoline and
like skateboard and a basketball hoop
inside his apartment it really captured
my imagination because I was his age
before he got big in that movie and I
obsessed I was obsessed with New York
City so this idea that I could move the
city and be a kid and thrive here was
like the most fantastical fantasy I
could ever have when you're a kid when I
was a kid
you're constantly like dreaming you're
fantasizing you're making yourself all
these promises all these things you want
to do when you grow up you can't do much
as a kid you're just a kid I always
dealt with this overwhelming feeling of
helplessness because I wanted to do
things but I couldn't because I was a
kid and that Tom Hanks movie for me
really embodied the realization of all
those promises here he was like this guy
moved to New York City and he like had
the big apartment and the hot girlfriend
trampoline his loft and he got like by
being a kid by doing the things you want
to do as a kid my life's mission is and
has always been to realize all the
promises I made to myself as a kid and
look when I was a kid I was always in
trouble I was always being told I was
wrong I was always being told I was
stupid I was always being told don't do
that
so I accrued a lot of promises I was in
this permanent state of fantasizing like
well when I grow up I'm gonna and New
York City was so wrapped up it was so
enveloped in all of those fantasies when
I went from being a kid who was 12 to
being a teenager who was 16 I went from
being like this maniac dreamer of a kid
to being this like bonafide loser of a
teenager who worked in a restaurant and
had a pregnant girlfriend and had
dropped out of high school so the idea
of moving to New York City seemed really
far away then
that's me
that's the trailer I lived in that was
baby Owen this was me in the newspaper
when I was skateboarding by n√¥ and
stroller living in that trailer park
living in southeastern Connecticut I
just like I didn't fit in I felt like a
jerk every day of my life
and I did have this like nonsensical
plan to move to New York City to realize
that I would always keep it just far
enough off to where it couldn't be a
reality
couldn't be tangible I think like my
plan was actually in five years I want
to be living in New York City and then
when my baby mama dumped me I was like
get I'm doing it right now this is the
answer that question that I get a lot
which is how do I move to New York City
or what's it like to move to New York
City this is New York City this is a
wall this is you me and everyone else
who's ever wanted to live in New York
City now to get from here to here you
have to go over this wall and to get
over this wall to do it this journey
takes everything you've got everything
you've ever done in life everything
you've ever earned in life all the
resources you have have been used up
getting over this wall just to get into
the city and then you're here you're
left in the city and you have nothing
you start at the very very bottom and
you slowly start this climb again this
time the ascent is in New York City the
hardest place to possibly survive to be
able to live here to be able to move
here make no mistake it is war that's
why people say things like this city
will eat you alive
this city will literally eat you alive
my first apartment was a closet so small
that a futon that couldn't fold out I
had to sleep on the futon in the couch
shape because it wouldn't fold out it
was so small my second apartment was
blown up on September 11 my third
apartment was a hardwood floor in my
brother's apartment
my fourth apartment had a shared
bathroom down the hall that I shared
with a bunch of illegal immigrants and
people who had just gotten out of prison
that was the first like two years of my
life in this city
but that was the price of entry that's
what it costs to be here and what did
being here mean it was it is it forever
will be for me the promised land like
for the first time in my life I was at a
place where I fit in the first time in
my life I wasn't surrounded by people
who were telling me I was doing things
wrong I could do whatever I wanted to do
whenever I wanted to do it and I was
surrounded by really smart people that
encouraged me to do that that's what New
York City was for me it's as if you went
around the world and found all the
people that didn't fit in everywhere
else and plop them all on an island and
that island is called Manhattan and now
at age 34 I mean took me like a decade
and a half to figure it out but now I am
Tom Hanks in the movie big this fun
house this is my office
like I do this the list that is this
gets a little bit shorter every single
day and it was enabled first and
foremost by living in this city that's
it for today's vlog I hope you enjoyed
storytime
all right
it's a big drink cousin I have a milk
something I got a car outside you want
to get at here uh-huh
