this video is going to be a
comprehensive review of the video
recording capabilities of the iPhone 8
plus versus the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 as
a youtuber the video quality on my phone
is one of most important things to me so
that's the only thing I'm gonna be
looking at in this video nothing else
except for what these things are capable
of when shooting video I built this here
rig to record video on that way the
iPhone and the Galaxy are both recording
the same image at the same time the
lenses are as close together as possible
enabling me to cut from one to the other
so for the rest of the video starting
right now every shot will be captured on
one of these two phones enabling me to
compare and contrast the image from one
to the other
Samsung therefore this is less of review
and more of a side-by-side comparison I
will not be issuing an opinion here I
just want to show you what both of these
phones are capable of okay and now a
very brief studio tour using the
respective cameras
so this is my camera collection back
here on the note here's a good
opportunity to see the skin color
differences on the iPhone versus the
note 8 the iPhone here appears to be
like a little bit more neutral and a
little bit more dim than the note 8
which offers a kind of feels a little
bright here
bin buffer on either of these this
outdoor skate for test is a very good
test of the optical image stabilization
which both of these phones have which
should yield a buttery smooth image when
you have little movements like honesty
these phones both these cameras have
manual features to wrack exposure rack
focus I'm not doing any of that for this
test I'm just clicking the record button
and then leaving them alone so this is
really a stripped-down raw video test
Lady Liberty that is the Statue of
Liberty
right there I'm now going to test
looking at livery
Samson tends to be slightly more cool
and iPhone this is the purple flower
test meant to show off
also this is a great way to check out
the dynamic range these flowers are
really bright these are in shade these
shouldn't be blown out they shouldn't
look white they should still be purple
these shouldn't be black it shouldn't be
dark they should still be purple this
will be the slow
all right that just about concludes my
test one detail that I didn't capture in
that camera test is the iPhone has 256
gigs of internal storage which is
definitely a lot it's enough
the Samsung though has removable storage
so have a micro SD card laying around
but that means it uses the same SD card
is like a GoPro or a lot of other
cameras I prefer that but again this is
unbiased sort of sampling I just want to
show that detail with you the other
thing I needed to say is that this
side-by-side technique is something I
stole from my friend super-sad he's a
much better tech reviewer than me I will
link him in the description below what
about me I'm writing here man hello
something Sam below he contributed to
this video zero
