it's hard to explain what went on in
there but it was like getting into a
fight and losing but I've never felt so
loose before in yesterday's vlog I
opened up all of these awesome packages
that people sent me I was thinking about
it and I think I should do a giveaway
I've never done a giveaway whoa sorry
I've never done a giveaway but maybe
it's time let me know in the comments
below what you think I should give away
I'm not going to give away my car but it
should be good let me know what you
think
I'm headed up to midtown right now I've
got a doctor's appointment it's not like
a regular dog not sick I'm going to a
sports medicine doctor my right femur is
made out of metal there's more Hardware
on that side of my body then there isn't
a Ford f-150 I can run the distances I
run at the speed I run without pain I
just want to go to a doctor to know how
I can maintain this
all right this is my destination
generally filming the doctor's office is
taboo but I'll let you know what he says
late al
who was that intense my friend is a
professional hockey player connecting me
with that doctor who's the doctor for a
bunch of major like triple-a athletes
but Wow did that doctor work me Wow look
at this Merry Christmas situation
holidays in New York City are amazing
like a magical winter wonderland in the
back let's do it Tuesday Q&A time this
week's Q&A is gonna be about college and
getting a job one
slight caveat I didn't go to college and
I've never really had a job okay ask
away let's get started have you ever
wished that you went to college
I mean sure they're like aspects of
college that I really wish I had
experienced certainly the social aspects
over the academic aspect but I say this
about any regrets or anything from my
past that I wish I had done I'm so happy
with where I am right now in life I
never look back and say I wish I had
done things differently what would be a
good first job for someone who wants to
be an entrepreneur later on Tori get as
close to the fire as humanly possible if
there's someone you admire if there is a
company that you like get a job pushing
a mop sweeping a broom whatever it takes
the closer to the action you can be the
more you're going to learn don't worry
about money or position it's where you
are that matters most when you're first
starting out in your career we were
wondering is it worth it to put down a
bunch of money and go to college to get
a high paying job to hopefully pay off
those loans or do you just start working
right away
and hope everything works out I really
don't think that there's a generic
answer to that question I mean if you
want to be a doctor you have to go to
school now if you're doing something
like something that doesn't require such
a tremendous amount of formal education
then get the job but that's it that's a
tough question
what do you recommend for your first job
unless you know exactly what you want to
be doing I recommend getting a job
digging ditches or washing dishes or
picking up garbage if you don't know
what you want to do get a job doing
something you hate because you will
spend every minute of it
fixating on what you wish you were doing
and that is invaluable you've worked on
some awesome projects with awesome
clients beyond making great work what do
you do to find these opportunities
typically opportunities are created not
found
I've always created opportunities by
like taking really big risks I made a
whole bunch of movies that I paid for
myself that were really hard to do and I
had no idea what the outcome might be
but it's because I did the work first
that these opportunities were created
Casey can you make a living with YouTube
yes this happened in yesterday's vlog -
yeah how are you thank you
have a good day if today were male time
I'd open this Michael asks what was life
like in your mid-to-late 20s a really
smart person told me you spend your 20s
figuring it out and your 30s doing it
and that's exactly how describe my mid
to late 20s I was I was trying a bunch
of things I was succeeding in some
places I was failing and others and
that's true for my work and that's true
for my love life that was true for every
facet of my life and towards the end of
my 20s I really started to feel like I
got a grip on things yeah ever since I
turned 30 I feel like the trajectory has
been vivid and it's just full steam
ahead whoa a lot of questions guys I
just click refresh in there for turn 17
new question okay Edgar asks how was
your last interview for a job my last
interview for a job I was 16 years old
and I was applying for a job to wash
dishes at a restaurant in Mystic
Connecticut and I think it went pretty
well
I wore a pair of pleated khakis and a
button-down shirt I got the job eight
bucks an hour
were you worried that when you moved to
New York City with not a lot of money
that you wouldn't find a job and live
comfortably Andrew living comfortably
has never ever been a goal of mine
comfort is not something that I pursue
on my list of priorities comfort is
somewhere near the bottom let's say you
have a full scholarship to a school of
your choice what would you like to study
and why okay I didn't graduate high
school and I certainly didn't go to
college but I was invited to go to MIT
that is the massachusetts institute of
technology as like a fellow and honestly
in the grand scheme of academia in the
entire world
I couldn't imagine of a place that was
more attractive to me than MIT I spent
the first half of of last year of no the
year before 2014 yeah the first semester
no the second semester of 2014 I lived
in Cambridge and I spent every day on
campus at MIT it was a wonderful
experience and that's as close to
college as I've ever come I still carry
my mi t--'s Wow right yeah I mean I
never thought as a 10th grade high
school dropout that I would ever have an
MIT ID in my wallet I'm seeing a lot of
questions about why
should I go to college so I'm going to
end it with this here's a general good
guiding principles around higher
education if you know what you want to
do in life and it doesn't require a
college education go do that in skip
college if you know what you want to do
in life and it requires a college
education go to college if you don't
know what you want to do in life
at all college can be a fantastic place
to figure that out and I mean that from
a social perspective and academic
perspective and experiential perspective
college can be wonderful for that but it
is not the only path for that again I
say that his theory I didn't go to
college but that's what I tell my kid
Owen and that's what I share with you
guys was doing Q&A this box showed up
and I said I wasn't going to open it cuz
it's not mail time today you got to see
what's in here
congratulations the force is strong with
you follow these steps below to watch
your hologram message whoa whoa I know
you're a powerful and seek an audience
with you to gain your favor as a token
of my goodwill
a gift for you two pairs of official
Star Wars socks from the stamp choose
between the dark side and light and then
join us the wired launch party in New
York
may the force be with you the greatest
party that's the greatest party
invitation I've ever seen and there's no
way I'm giving them this iPad back
literally this entire contraption is
just a party invitation oh this is so
sweet
and I'm back in the city
