I'm sad to leave the United States of
America I am such a beautiful UI system
I think we're going to be in Los Angeles
for Christmas in New Year's and normally
doubt bum me ox I like the cold weather
and the snow for the holidays but this
New York City weather is insanity it has
been 55 degrees out since September and
here we are again
until of something that I haven't done
in a while but I just got to do so I'm
doing it today I'm pretty excited about
it I've kind of missed it but I hey
Carly class on the cover of Wall Street
Journal check this girl out if you guys
don't subscribe to Carly classes YouTube
channel you really should I help her
make her videos and stuff so what is it
that I haven't done in a while that I
really need to do that I'm pretty
excited about mailtime is a segment in
the vlog where people from all over the
world send me packages I then open them
on camera it used to be my favorite
segment but then I gave up sugar and I
stopped looking forward to the candy
people were sending me and I haven't
done it no dropp good to see you too
how are you you're in for some bags of
wha little blackberry yeah yeah those
are bags of phones why do you have bags
if phones where do you keep your phones
generally right here
other sites yeah these guys are two
YouTube friends of mine you should
definitely go check out their YouTube
channels which are hardened rows in will
Derbyshire respectively but can you read
that does it doesn't make sense
there right oh yeah
that yours is way better but yes she
kind of went out me with the flowers
well that's never roses yeah all right
now those lovely people are gone I can
begin mail time
I got this new shirt yesterday look it's
gran the outside and black on the inside
very comfortable hello Casey were a
young bike company and we want to say
thank you veteran sighted about these
bike lights holy smokes - these look
complicated to install this present has
a profanity on it so apologies to my
younger audience for subjecting you to
such vulgarities kit how are you thank
you you're welcome
where's the Switchfoot losing a
switchblade is like losing a rattlesnake
it's around here somewhere it's
definitely going to cut my finger
luckily I've got this backup
I don't see a note but whoever sent me
all these nuts
thank you I was just saying used to love
mail time but I don't eat candy anymore
and nuts are the perfect thank you
that's pretty cool
Luke thank you you always send me the
most period of mail time this is like an
entire art project well sweet shirt
thanks for the shirt loop hi Casey
my product design students and I thought
you might like a laser cut plywood clock
yes I would like a laser cut plywood
clock thanks guys
Casey I hope this finds you well thanks
for being an inspiration to me and my
son thanks for saying that Brian it's
always nice to hear thanks for this
sweet shirt found the Switchblade
not helping dear Casey my name is JD
Baker I'm 18 years old I'm from a small
town called Lodi California thank you
for making me this book you're Casey
big thanks from Dublin Sean ah this is
my friend at Twitter like how much
Twitter stuff you sent me Sean you're
awesome thank you for all this Twitter
gear thank you for this sweet eye
Twitter Dublin shirt you're good man
Sean Sean was actually the guy who
verified my Twitter account
utca solace and I need had to have it
much respect Frank that's amazing I know
what you're thinking it's just a hoodie
what's the big deal right wait for it
it's a light-up color-changing
sweatshirt ready don't like that color
how about green don't like that color
how about purple don't like that color
how about orange blue purple dear Casey
if I could have one dream job at this
point in my life it would be to manage
beem apparel store in the Big Apple and
help you Jeff you know I appreciate your
ambition I also appreciate you making
these bean pants bean shirt and I hate
to be the bearer of bad news but we
already have someone managing the beam
apparel store and they do a really good
job if things fall apart I will call you
thank you for this stuff all right this
is gonna be the last one I open because
it's so cute and because I have to get
back to work
they see my husband gal is a big fan
watches your vlog every day from Israel
his birthday is on the 20th he's turning
30 it'd be great if he could surprise
him by wishing him a happy gotta Ella
happy birthday gal and to your lovely
wife Ella thank you for all of these
delicious Israeli treats I'm going to
clean this up I just want to say how
nice it is that everyone sends me these
presents it really does mean a lot to me
to get all these awesome gifts from
total strangers thank you everyone I've
got my leather jacket in the office not
this one my leather jacket and then it's
like three padlocks and the security so
just left it
no-one's ever suggested I needed eyelash
extensions before but I can take a hint
