now we have to make sure that you have a
safe and comfortable life changer for
your attention and we hope you enjoy the
gentle experience on the way to New York
for 25 in the a.m. we're about to leave
this hotel in Fort Lauderdale to get our
flight back to New York City you forget
anything we got to bed at like 1:30 last
night so I'll sleepy
we miss the shuttle Francine's birthday
party is this flights due to get in at
9:00 so we should be okay but like me
stressful morning and we are boarding
the flight now with a fourth and fifth
people respectively a lot in the plane
that's not bad flying JetBlue because
our American Airlines light didn't get
us anytime
how's your cheeseburger sure
and an amazing incredible Rockstar in
flight crew that's got treats well all
the way to New York's JFK Airport we're
very very grateful you're here thanks
welcome aboard they're so nice on
JetBlue Candice is sitting with me
we are landing in New York City right
now Candice is still sound asleep
now welcomes you to New York Shan F
Kennedy International Airport where the
local time is now 817 not even at the
gate
thank you
see you later have a great day
that guy watches the vlog because we
took the JetBlue flight instead of the
American flight we made it back in time
the last major variable is the gridlock
rush-hour traffic between here and
Manhattan but I think I've got a
solution for that
junctional bugs
what is it you don't like it yes
fabulous birthday party entirely worth
chartering a helicopter to make it to a
couple of words about Cuba that trip to
Cuba was one of like the most certainly
the most interesting but one of the like
better travel experiences I've ever had
in my entire life
it was like visiting another world and
another time and another and as I was
rewatching the vlogs that I shot there I
feel like I really romanticized what I
experienced in Cuba but there was a lot
I left out and I just wanted to take a
minute to address that I was there as
part of a technology delegation so we
were there on what they called a
cultural exchange program we were
supposed to meet with like our Cuban
counterparts and discuss technologies
and what it could do the Cuban
government actually stepped in at the
last minute and like said no to a lot of
the things we wanted to do and a lot of
the things we wanted to discuss and a
lot of what we were there to do was
compromise they dictated the terms of
what turned out to be a very boring
panel II a holding cell D said even a
polygamy end up but we got at me and
that should have been interesting this
idea that a government could tell you
what you can and cannot say is something
that I I know nothing about and then
last night when that uber driver was
taking Candace and I back to our hotel
and he talked about getting into an
inner-tube
and paddling from Cuba to the United
States of America because he sought
after that freedom where he could
say what he wanted to say and do what he
wanted to do so much the risk his entire
life for it it kind of put the entire
thing in perspective
I wanted to counter my romanticizing
what is an absolutely beautiful country
and an amazing city and like just that's
kind of it there's nothing else I'm
going to tell you that you can't find on
Wikipedia but I wanted to round out what
was my Cuban experience a little bit man
oh man today has been a long day and
tomorrow is December 5th
tomorrow is Francine's actual first
birthday I now have a one-year-old which
is very exciting
hello welcome to John F Kennedy
International Airport you are now on the
arrivals level of
