yeah I like that Lincoln wasn't done
Jackson ten point three miles at a 707
pace that's fast
today is December 5th 2015 one year ago
today was December 5th 2014 and on that
day miss Francine nice that was born
today is the baby's first birthday
we're going to do a photo shoot with
Francine and let her eat that entire
kick should be interesting the size of
light is there anything I should get no
right just the light yeah okay we're
doing a little photo shoot in our
apartment
we're in Francine eat fat cake but the
lighting in there sucks so I'm running
for the office to get a light kit so
that I can light our apartment properly
time is of the essence here okay and a
tripod all right I got everything I need
I think either of you know how to set up
a light box Wow
that might be out of frame Candace
however look okay it's very cute does
the keg again she's gonna be off center
okay Oh should I try mustering up
they're probably okay ready
all cameras are rolling yeah okay that's
a wrap Candace is ready for in the tub
so today being Francine's actual
birthday we have a big party plan
yesterday was her friends from school
party today is like family and friends
and stuff party we're supposed to meet
my little brother Dean and then walk up
to Candace's office where we're having
the party ready you pop that thing
possible
the elevator the balloon Candace asked
us to get some milk okay you ready for
this party you ready for a fabulous
party you're so tired
happy birthday
one two three
what are you doing honey no I don't
think she should eat this anymore it's
really hairy bye bye MA bye guys
good party Candace you done for a year
see you at the house how was your party
is it great
I got your we're going to go home now a
blob party's over and that concludes all
of miss Francine's nice tats first
birthday festivities tremendous success
she's gonna fall asleep now
sheriff all day
- hell's lado we're going to go get some
noodle soup as a family the zone and
Francine's birthday
you
