ah that girl she crazy stay to 7:00 a.m.
Candice is still asleep I'm like you
know what I'm gonna go for another run
yes what's up guys how are you how are
you great morning it's you great running
into you both literally and figuratively
good to see you guys good running those
are some friends they're also here with
a tech delegation great guys
and that's it run is complete feel good
time to start the day wake up you are so
pretty in the morning
so this is it this is our last day in
Cuba short trip we fly back to Miami I
like five o'clock today so we're going
to try to make the most out of the
afternoon it is muggy sweaty hot and
overcast out
I thought you were in charge of all my
stuff I think so
with your food here
yeah
the guy at Guinness was talking to it
explained her that he is the Havana
mojito champion so we ordered a mojito
for breakfast he's also just a very good
salesman we got our award-winning
mojitos there pretty good right can you
tell
this could have come out of a can I
wouldn't know the difference
obligatory Cuban cigar shopping $340 per
box most expensive just get those those
are fine let's go don't do that to me
you've been here for 35 minutes
are you ready because the buses are
gonna leave without us she has been in
there for one hour I really think she
knows anyone that smokes cigars they
have these old cars here because of a
trade embargo I think from 1959 so they
can't import US cars after 1959 so all
the cars are from before 1959 but they
have to keep these things running for
the last 60 years and to do that they
have like completely Frankenstein them
together so like it looks like a funny
old car
those taillights are from like a 1998
Chevy Lumina and they just appropriated
them in the car culture probably
captured my imagination more so than
anything else
we're back on the bus we're now headed
to I think Ernest Hemingway's house
something like that and then we're doing
one more thing and then we leave
we've arrived it is monsoon an outside
Candace stayed on the bus because of
course she did
raining so hard this is the only place
where there's cover okay the gift shop
and that's what that's wet
we're going to thee it says u.s. embassy
residence now it sounds interesting
you
this is the photoshoot situation at the
u.s. ambassador's residence here we are
woefully underdressed and when I say we
I don't just mean innocently I think we
all are a little underdressed to be here
right now
this is it we're back at the airport
we're getting ready to leave Cuba is
that the other bus that's it our bags
are somewhere on that bus hey buddy what
are you flying to what are you going all
set
spending the last of our currency on
more cigars I'm still not eating sugar
but I'm not on US soil so technically
this does not count the plane is now an
hour and a half late this is a chartered
plane but the weather is terrible
outside can't land we are flying from
here to Miami and then we have a flight
from Miami back to New York we have to
get the baby admit a little update the
flight is now two hours late to take off
we're nervous we're not going to make it
back in time and tomorrow morning is
franzine's first birthday party so the
stakes are high
all right next update no progress
this terminal is just lost it is
completely packed in here no planes have
left in a while this
something's happening there's been a lot
of noise but not a lot of movement
Candice started crying she's worried
that she's going to miss Francine's
birthday party and I think we probably
are going to miss Francine's birthday
party
I think they just called our plane
yes I wanted
okay this is it we're getting on the bus
and then getting on the plane we're
boarding now
you got freaked out it's like the
beginning of a really bad story at least
we're on the plane
no one's super psyched right now maybe
they just aren't alright so thank you
guys again for coming to Technica vana
our inaugural international voyage oh
sure I'm sure
I cannot even get in the internet here I
know
you really get stuck there Chloe guys
why don't we talk about this in the air
back in Miami
we're at the Miami International Airport
now waiting for an uber to pick us up to
take a support Lauderdale who had a
flight at Fort Lauderdale tomorrow
morning at 6:00 seeing us into New York
City at 8:45 which should have us home
in time for the baby's birthday party
how you doing so just head towards Fort
Lauderdale we'll put in the specific
address as we get closer okay near the
airport
thank you how you doing tonight you're
good how about you do well are you guys
going to Cuba Cuba Cuba really yeah
really
and what kind of a boat did you leave it
oh it wasn't a boat at which it was a
boat he's a raff yes Rob we put together
five in a tube do you know what in it to
be yeah you put 2:35 in a tube tighter
with rope and then just to rope folks
I'm part of a five days we switch we
part of two hours two and then we switch
me rest for five days what about food
and water no food for three days no
water for two days and a half and then
where did you land
I never land I was found by some
American fishermen and how how do you
like life in the United States of
America versus life in Cuba oh come on
these
brother you know I
you know that's the reason we came here
because we was freedom
Lenin it was a pleasure lecture so nice
to meet you have a good night
brighter crappy airport hotel now but in
case you missed the story that car right
there that driver our uber driver
his name was Lenin he escaped Cuba on an
inflatable raft an inner tube and they
rode from Cuba to the United States of
America where they were rescued and now
he's a citizen here and he brought his
whole family here and we asked him what
he did for a living when he wasn't
driving an uber car and what he does is
he dresses up as a clown and goes to a
Children's Hospital and entertains kids
that are sick with cancer that is what
he does here in America after escaping
Cuba the country we were just in
this is how you open up a bottle of wine
on an airplane
now
and that's all there is to it
