it's Monday I'm leaving town tomorrow
morning gone for Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday which means I have to cram four
days worth of work into today very busy
day
first I've I have decided I should not
bring my drone with me to Cuba tomorrow
that's not good uh kind of a bummer that
would have been a fun place to use the
drone I will have Wi-Fi at the hotel but
the speeds they say are like suitable
for checking email and if I had to guess
that means they are not suitable for
uploading high-definition video files
you can bet your ass I'm going to try to
post from Cuba but I just don't I just
don't know I get all these like new
packages this time of the year because
the holidays are coming up none of these
are gifts these are just things that I
bought myself because when I was a kid I
never got what I wanted for Christmas
and now that I'm adult I can just buy
myself whatever I want
oh look at this canon 70d this makes it
my fifth or six new one of these I've
had devices I started vlogging it's not
that they're bad cameras they're
actually really great cameras I just go
through them like tic tacs because I
really beat the hell out of these things
get ready for the quality of this vlog
to improve in three two and that is the
qualitative difference between a Canon
t-6s and a 70d which is what this is
being filmed on now this is from my
homie furious Pete this is his new book
if you don't subscribe to furious Pete
on YouTube you should an incredibly
inspirational human being
this guy is beating cancer he's been
through more ups and downs in life than
you can imagine
go check out furious Pete going back
downstairs to work right now before I do
here two super tiny quick mods that is
modifications I always do two new
cameras and I buy them let me switch
cameras Canon puts these little this
little door right here ostensibly it's
there to protect this microphone port
here it's just one more thing that
stands between me and my ability to hit
record really fast and get the shot so I
always take that off first thing these
things are shockingly robust I don't
know what kind of crazy superhuman
rubber that they put on here now it's
just an exposed microphone and remote
port there now I know a lot of
photographers do this I don't know why
other photographers do it I know why I
do it
labels like this and like this on the
camera to me are just an advertisement
that's a steal this camera so I take
some black gaffers tape like this I just
cover up all the labels what was once
this becomes slightly more anonymous and
then that big fat cannon up there and
that's it I'm glad this thing came
before my trip to Cuba okay back to work
who is he screaming yeah
Lucio yeah was that guy yelling at you
you can't slice that right yeah it's
meet you man three blocks left big nice
work all right come on it's not hurting
anybody right oh my god he's just like a
drug just some drunk dude yawn yeah Oh
jack off for me bunch a key Jason then
trying to get huge check the way to get
huge is with dollar pizza not mega size
BCAA rye that last year didn't really
work out for me
good see you Friday bummer how early
gets dark out going home now if you
gotta finish packing for tomorrow I
might go out again today I'm not sure
maybe not though I have to be up at 3 in
the morning for the flight hey here
comes Irina are you doing
you see the address I put it in there
the baby's asleep
I'm headed to Brooklyn I'm going back to
that same SoulCycle exercise class thing
I went to the other day tomorrow
I'm traveling all day so I want to get a
little bit of exercise in before I go
including something yeah right here is
good thank you sir I'm like 15 minutes
early I never get to see the Manhattan
skyline from the Brooklyn side it is a
special thing
that is really amazing
you
