thank you as always love Candace for
helping me with your critiques of my
vlogging skills and styles
I'm not without you is now 336 am I'm
showered I'm shaped I'm ready to go just
waiting on the princess that's Candace
yeah I'm Casey for 15 in the morning
we're very early that's my fault he
asleep
no I'm waited you to get your ridiculous
backpack out of the way all right thank
you sir have a good day goodbye he's so
nice
all right Inigo good morning how are you
last night be nice that thank you for
good
no no
while I'm waiting for Candace and have
this fantastic light let me explain
today we are that's it I was about to do
a do this later
we are traveling to Cuba right now by
way of Miami we have a slight layover in
Miami I'm going to try to post this vlog
which is the first half of today's vlog
from Miami because from Miami we go to
Cuba where I'm not gonna have any
internet access
so this vlog is part one of two the
second half of which will be posted
either from Cuba which is unknown or it
won't be posted until I return from Cuba
I've duct tape flight boards in 12
minutes on our way to the gate God look
at this mess
boarding from JFK to Miami on five side
will be two hours and 40 minutes and
announce to them 26,000 be some other
conditions in Miami are clear
temperature of 71 degrees Fahrenheit 22
degree Celsius at this time please turn
your attention to the screens in front
of you
it's like three hours from New York City
Miami
okay this is asleep I'm working
we're landing in Miami now
ladies and gentlemen welcome to Miami
the local times itself is approximately
8:30 a.m. what you say how's the baby
well I have a good holiday little early
to say happy Holi because we're in Miami
don't do that
oh you take off my glasses
would you kind of feel like an idiot
walking at a moving sidewalk that's not
moving there is one of LaGuardia we're
going to the American Express lounge
just eat all their free food Thank You
Beverly of course I remember you
here's the update we're in Miami we have
like three hours here before our flight
to Cuba before the flight to Cuba we
rendezvous in with all the other people
that were going to Cuba with in some
airport hotel I'm gonna finish this part
one law probably in that hotel or
something in the meantime we're just
soaking up space
American Express lounge drinking free
coffee and eating free food how's the
cappuccino it's good right look at this
rain is that the baby
yeah yeah now Candace said we're
definitely going to be the least fancy
people in this fancy group that I
shouldn't wear my sweatpants when we go
to meet them I don't know that I agree
with her but usually she's right about
these things now I've never been to Cuba
but I feel like as long as you're
wearing white pants you're fine
yeah I bet yeah are you sleeping right
now now headed to the hotel where we're
like meeting up with everyone
we're about to leave Miami which means
I'm about to lose all internet
connection this is where the vlog ends
give you a little teaser of what's going
on for us today we're not getting on
like a private plane or chartered plane
which could mean we're flying with like
goats and other livestock or it could be
something much more and then we get to
Cuba and we have like a full day ahead
of us so I hate when movies are to be
continued but this vlog is I got some
fruit
