it is exactly 11 hours after the first
shots were taken by that mass murderer
by the terrorists in Las Vegas Nevada
now when I woke up this morning and I
learned of this attack I went through
this kind of range of emotions that's
not that's not really unfamiliar but it
starts with being really angry like I
wanted like I want to do something like
I want to catch this mother and then
that anger slowly turns to grief where I
just feel terrible for the victims and
the victim's family and then it usually
settles down by like right now in the
emotion that I feel now is one of
helplessness help us because I'm just
one person and I don't know what I could
do and when considering what resources I
have that could help people I think the
greatest resource is this YouTube
channel and and you this audience and an
audience that I called out in the past
and that has been incredibly generous
anytime I've ever asked anything I'm
starting a GoFundMe a fundraiser and I
want to raise as much money as possible
and I want to give that money to the
families of the victims the victims
themselves the survivors the people
directly affected in a physical way from
this just horrific attack and I say with
with full respect and appreciation for
the fact that money will will not bring
back the lives that have been lost money
won't won't heal somebody's wounds
money won't solve the anguish in the
sadness and and everything that's being
felt by the people and the families of
those victims money can't fix any of
that but maybe maybe a little bit of
money can help someone with medical
bills maybe a child who lost their
parent maybe they could buy some new
toys and be distracted for an hour maybe
money can buy a family a a meal they can
go out to dinner and they can talk about
things I don't know but this was the
only form of action that I could think
of
and I know that in times of grief it's
not a time when you want to be thinking
about earning or thinking about finances
or thinking about any of that stuff so
money could be helpful there too
now logistically there's a lot of
unanswered questions here I will tell
you that I will personally make sure
that none of this money is given to a
charity or a nonprofit that will take
the fee from it or anything like that I
will work with individuals I'll work
with people I'll work with organizations
that will help me figure out how to get
this money the money that we pulled
together directly into the hands of
people no middlemen taking a cut nothing
like that
this video you're watching right now is
monetized I put an ad at the beginning
in and out at the end so all of the
Adsense revenue from this video will
also be donated and all the pragmatic
stuff all that will be updated on the
GoFundMe page I think the important
thing is to harness how I'm feeling now
and how I imagine others are feeling
right now which is this desire to do
something and if giving five dollars if
giving ten dollars means that somebody
on the other end who is dealing with
this can do something positive with that
then that's an action and that's
something I want to end this by saying
that it shocks me that any one person is
capable of being that evil and the shock
that I feel must be nothing compared to
the shock that the people actually
personally affected by that evil must be
feeling so this campaign should be a way
of showing those people that there
there's a lot of good out there there's
a lot of good people out there and our
desire our capacity to help maybe can
mitigate some of what's being felt by by
by this this evil-doers capacity to to
to commit evil
you
