I never know how these nights are going
to turn out Candice is a liability when
it involves going out
it's 7:30 a.m. Thanksgiving morning I'm
in a cab
headed to Brooklyn
going to SoulCycle to do some indoor
spin classes this morning
soul cycle is like soul cycle it's like
the most amazing indoor spinning
situation ever just really expensive but
a good friend of mine is an instructor
here she's in town for Thanksgiving
invited me by also today is a double
class so you do a full class start
another one do another full class then
I'm gonna run home
class is over it was really good this is
the instructor Kim a normal class is 45
minutes that was a double so I was 90
minutes how do you feel I'm ready for
the triple go check out Kim's YouTube
channel right here
that's her go check out her channel
right there
primo fitness channel Thank You Kim that
was awesome bye Kim any later thank you
whoa so nice outside
you dude who I am wow look at this place
don't come to Brooklyn off I mean I'll
show up to Brooklyn for a free soul
cycle class but look at this view
quick family trip to Whole Foods that's
Candace
that's Candace's death that's Candace
that's Candace's dad
what's your name
Francine Francine hey Fran they have so
what are you eating
Jay it's a mango Amanda should see it in
big time for food mission is going as so
so we can't find the right canned corn
what else Candace a little hat for
Francine for the most part I say that -
mission accomplished we got everything
we need to lunch
Francine had a great time laughs yeah
all right time to go home to all this
food now did you get an uber for all
this stuff yeah
four minutes
where's the uber Francine so you don't
drive to the grocery store in New York
City you buy your groceries and then
either deliver them or you take a taxi
or an uber home with all your stuff
today we're taking an uber and that
Thanksgiving in New York City
see ya just around the corner here is
perfect on the right side thank you it
is 7:00 p.m.
Candace's mother volunteered to watch
the baby so Candace Rome and I are going
out to a bar on Thanksgiving no no no
I'll just go and fall what else can you
tell us about this bar Candace finale
cafe can legitimately make a claim that
is
and drink establishment on the same site
in New York City since 1847 all right
are we going now detective it's cuz I
get to museum we also don't need your
oversee five days here I've spent many a
Christmas Eve sir alright let them all
right
Candice ordered a shot what are you
doing taking your braces out how is it
Candice it's so good how is it your oh
it's delicious
it's so good
I'm in the bathroom of the bar here I
just wanted to come and vlog really
quickly before before we get too drunk
out there this is already I didn't pick
up the camera much today it was a day
with the family and I did with friends
and I'm pretty glad I kept the camera
off I haven't had a day like this in a
really long time so that's it I'm
signing off
I hope you had a great day with your
family if you're not in the States
today's a big holiday here in the States
Happy Thanksgiving
franciene is that delicious is it good
