okay ready okay ready ready guys
wait worried they are
I think it was like three weeks ago
there's a big film crew in here in this
office look at all this stuff
hello Internet and they were shooting a
video about me for reddit where DISA do
you read it off I go to Reddit sometimes
I'm a little scared of reddit I'm gonna
be honest with you guys now typically I
get super anxious about letting other
people make videos about me because all
I do is make videos about me and I don't
really trust other people to do it and
the more I looked into it and the people
were behind it I was like okay I'll take
a chance let's do this but the video
dropped yesterday and wow what an honor
like I feel so privileged to have been a
part of this I wanted to give it like
the strongest plug I could I'm gonna
link it here you know let me just show
you like I'll play it for you see this
is like reddit YouTube channel Casey
nice that's formative moment I remember
getting a detention or suspended for
skateboarding in the hallways my
principal saying if you think you're
gonna grow up and be able to skateboard
in the halls of your office you got
another thing coming um I built a
halfpipe in my office a few years ago
just so I could skateboard while I
worked my name is Casey Neistat
and I'm a filmmaker and a youtuber and a
business owner and a dad I wear a lot of
hats
you should check it out it's on reddit
YouTube channel not on this YouTube
channel I will link it here and I'll
link it below and I wish this damn
cameras autofocus actually worked if you
have nothing to do today on this lovely
Thanksgiving check out that video send
reddit some love and to the folks that
read it thank you for including me
really it meant a lot and like totally
blown away with how this video turned
out if I had to guess I would say that
these people are waiting outside looking
for me
my rule is saying hi to people waiting
outside is like if I'm busy then I don't
interrupt what I'm doing to say hi but
if I'm not this thing that this company
sent me a scooter thing has been taking
up space in the studio I really
appreciate them sending to me I don't
have much of a use for it I tried it
it's cool it's not for me I'm much more
of a boosted word kind of guy so I
thought that there's an opportunity here
to like do something nice that also
benefits me
yeah what's wrong how are you okay name
howdy pleasure eat you nice to meet you
right about the picture hi nice to meet
you yeah let's take a picture yeah give
me a sausage
okay all the positive work that you do
yeah I give this to you guys oh wow you
want yeah just take that thanks for
coming by oh nice nice well what lens is
that on there that's the moment let me
see I'm psyched to see that on there
that's what I use that much like she
talked to you that's what like I started
actually good that that's all I use am I
good luck with that
I was right out I thought maybe thank
you so much next video guys
Happy Thanksgiving that reddit movie the
idea their idea reddit idea behind that
movie examine a moment in someone's
career that was like the decision point
that led them to wherever they are the
successes they've had in life my
feelings and I do believe this is that
it's never any one moment finding your
way in life in your career is a process
it's never just a moment but the truth
is there's like there are two very
specific moments in my entire career
in my entire life that I think we're
transformative and those two moments for
me like especially in retrospect seen
absolutely terrifying they were moving
to New York City and then quitting the
first and only real job I've ever had in
my life to like pursue what was nothing
more than like an idealistic whimsical
naive ambition to become like a
filmmaker an artist or to do my own
thing
paper cut ah a paper cut
and it was both of those decision points
to to move to New York City and then to
quit my job
neither of them were rational both of
them were purely based on what I would
now describe is like a blinding ambition
meaning all I could see was what I
wanted to do in my life and my dreams
and my pursuits and all of that and that
blinded me from seeing what a terrible
idea it was to move to New York City
what a terrible idea it was to quit my
job fear I think fear is always the
biggest inhibitor had I really spent too
much time focusing on the pragmatic
instead of like the dream or the whimsy
of it I think I would have been way too
scared to actually make the leap into
the swimming pool that led to my career
yes I hope that makes sense I just when
you're young and trying to figure these
things out people are always telling me
advice none of it ever made sense and
then when you get old like me it all
starts to come together I hurt myself I
feel like it's almost time Colin I think
it's time it's I mean everybody's
bailing out it's that magic time
no I want my mom to see me actually
working in this for me
if Nats mom shows at the we're playing
video games we should at least get ready
I think so yeah
bye guys have a good extended weekend
and Thanksgiving see you later
Happy Thanksgiving
that was the first time in a very long
time that we've done something at being
other than just worked it was nice to
spend a little bit of time with the guys
like actually doing something fun we
pushed a big update out on beam
yesterday
they're like profiles now we're slowly
inching closer to having like a feature
complete product which is very exciting
it's nice to like have a little
decompress all right
Happy Thanksgiving
