it is freezing out today I would say
today is like the first real winter day
of the season which sucks I like the
warm weather but it's great because it
means I get to wear my favorite pair of
pants check these out okay look they're
like smart looking normal black pants on
the outside but okay just bear with me
here on the inside look at that
sweat pants business party they're
SuperDuper cozy and it needs to be
freezing out to wear them so that's a
cup half full attitude for you right
there remember how last week I went up
to that like crazy Factory in Midtown
where they're custom making a new
leather jacket well they called me and
they're ready for me to go up there
again today but before I do there's
something I need to I need to address be
sure
so something scumbags son of a mother
just wants to see the world burn has
been going through my Instagram and
Twitter and contacting people who follow
me saying if you want free being
merchandised go to this fake site and
enter your information don't do that
what these sons of motherfuckers are
doing they're fishing you enter in your
information they steal your information
they'll hack your accounts like they're
bad people
I hate these kinds of people I like
positive people that do good in this
world these are in horrible
if someone does reach out to you on
Instagram or Twitter offering you free
stuff it is a scam it's not me it's not
being ignore them if you want be
merchandise you go to our store which is
merch beam comm and buy stuff there the
only way to get freebie merchandise is
if you've downloaded the app if you're
using the app we will identify you on
the platform we will get in touch with
you in a way you can authenticate and
we'll send you a free shirt just go
there and pay for this stuff if you want
it don't put your information into some
like fake phishing site that's gonna
steal your identity that's all just
don't put your information and don't
trust these phishing sites if it sounds
too good to be true it definitely is
sorry I had to waste valuable vlog time
talking about these mother
crazy all right you ready go good turns
green
all right ready Lorien there's green we
race go come on boosted
that's gone you're right come on then
you got more than that pump it grow
faster
if this passes I can go this is full
speed
see you later I've never seen that
person before in my entire life but he
challenged me to a bike versus boosted
board race I took him on in that
challenge I think he probably beat me
you
I earn at 26th Street I'm headed to 38th
Street almost there you good to see you
it took here we are again now to to
electric Boogaloo all right let's see
the knife is the same I shoot yeah the
one person that you don't fit with the
Leatherman 90-day well I got it right
nice is better yeah it's a big
difference and it still feels nice and
short which is what I want it so now
your room back here he added a hole no
he did I can feel it there friend is it
so we're just missing the leather yeah
so it's gonna be done and the next week
no yeah and I'm so psyched two weeks
away from a pain dungeon one and a half
weeks away from it being done cool
thanks again okay see you soon
take it how's the quick in-and-out the
boosted board is not charged
Sharon uber downtown there
you look good holding that well what
does I know guys I'd be dead in 20
seconds on this thing wait Casey and I
said yeah hey Alex I see changing phobia
of course huh all right I gotta get back
to work thank you
I can't wait for that jacket taking the
pants big pants bye guys see you later
all right on top of the leather jacket
which will be ready soon I got a pair of
jeans
I couldn't resist they're so nice these
jeans are like these in tight black
jeans that have this like shiny coating
on them and they almost look like tight
leather pants with their jeans
I'm not that into fashion but when I see
something I really like
what well I don't know what this is but
I can tell you this much
I didn't order it or buy it or ask
anyone to send it to me dear Casey my
name is Ryan Oh Keith marketing manager
for Gauss wheel please accept this Gauss
wheel spirit 5 break I don't know what
this is I also am not sure how to say
the word Gauss wheel GA US
it's like a scooter today's Monday
Thursday is Thanksgiving which means the
holiday season has officially begun I
hope I don't come across as
unappreciative when people send me free
stuff like that I do appreciate it I
always get excited to try new things but
sometimes like today I'm just just busy
