Wow look at that chrome then I love
anything that shiny
you have this guy's I came to my work
because of these guys man I thought they
were just here for you Marla you think
so yeah it's all your fault man hey then
very bad man happy times giving it but
I'll see you okay thank you I'm pretty
sure I know what this is if this is what
I think this is this is a package then
this is a package I've literally been
waiting for for the last six years five
years look at that that is so excited
it's very heavy
it's very high quality look it's got my
logo on it yeah that's so cool I really
like this one line that's in this letter
from Susan the CEO of YouTube it says we
can't wait for you to reach the next
milestone ten million subscribers it may
seem far away but remember the days when
you were psyched to have a thousand that
is so true it is vivid what it was like
trying to get like the first hundred and
then the first thousand subscribers this
is cool
Thank You YouTube sure did take your
sweet-ass time sending it to me I got a
million subscribers like five months ago
okay let's do this
in on my brand-new gold play button the
theme of today's Q&A he's gonna be
YouTube hey what's up Casey I'd like to
know if you have any any other youtuber
you you wish to call admin you you
haven't got a chance yet yeah I always
mentioned my friends who are vloggers
but there's also some people who are
doing really amazing stuff on YouTube
like mkbhd is a guy who is a young guy
who does tech reviews his videos are
incredible I'll link them below my
friend rudy mancuso has an amazing
channel it's all puppetry I think it's
the funniest channel on YouTube little
skits with puppets I'll link them both
below but I love my vlogger friends I
also love seeing really new stuff on
YouTube and these guys are doing new
stuff that's Jack we work together he's
my friend he's in LA right now probably
a movie called my kiddin me
linked below it's about my relationship
with Owen as he gets older like that
movie becomes more and more precious to
me because it really captures like a
moment in my life that is now gone
forever okay see what would you do if
YouTube was just suddenly shut down I
used to always say that I'm not a
youtuber I just use YouTube to
distribute my movies and I really
shifted and now I am specifically a
youtuber and what that means is that
like it's not just about a place to put
my movies out there but it's a way of
having a relationship with the audience
and things like that
so if YouTube were to go away I don't
know but I certainly would look to a
place that is about community and is
about a dialogue the way YouTube is
before I would look to like television
or something like that which is much
more of like me broadcasting to an
audience instead of having a
relationship with that audience
no Casey duh I want to know what your
favorite YouTube channel
um I run on favorite YouTube fan I just
want to find a video that's funny
so jay-z is it one thing about the
features of YouTube that you would
change yeah I wish there were greater
accountability in the comment section
there still like every day a certain
percentage of all the comments are from
people with really anonymous handles
that don't have real accounts that are
just spewing hate across the internet
which makes it a worse place for
everyone and I will say in YouTube's
defense they've made great strides to
make that better but it's still not good
enough
hey guys what's up I just started
getting corporate interest in my videos
and I'm trying to figure out when I
should start asking for proper
compensation instead of exposure my
advice always is like if you're doing it
for the money right off the bat you've
already failed focus on making really
great stuff and if the opportunities to
do it who gives it you're getting paid
or not just make great work the money
will always come later okay that is
where I'm going to entice you a day uh
today is a pretty busy day at Bheem
headquarters but I'm going to take like
the next hour to go on a mission
time lapse in my vlog are away from me
to like set the vlog show the location
of where the daily vlog was shot when I
travel I shoot them dynamically but
since the majority of my vlogs are
actually shot in New York City because I
live in New York City I shoot a whole
bunch at once and then refer back to
them for each daily vlog I've been out
for a while now which is really
frustrating so like today I'm sneaking
away for a second
to try to shoot a whole bunch at once so
I've like five cameras in my backpack
this is setup number one here I've got
this camera zoomed in on the world trade
center there I don't know if you can see
that - the World Trade Center right
there and then I have set up two right
there which is a super wide shot and
then I have my cell phone shooting right
there it is nothing shy of a miracle
that this has not been hit by a car yet
or a bike
second set up I'm in Washington Square
Park that's camera that's a camera and
they had two other cameras over there
but I just moved them and this is
telling your name again
teal this is teal she's work on cruise
ships now she works on Broadway nice to
meet you teal nice to meet you
just about time to abandon ship this
camera here that came in the middle of a
sidewalk but my other two cameras are
out of batteries so time to go back to
work
you
a literally just recording clip about
how Broadway has the worst jaywalkers
and like this guy jumped in front of me
and I hit him at full speed did you see
what happened yeah I see yeah that guy
like here the don't cross he goes head
down
what's the hop on every report I had the
green light there's a green light I was
just going this happened to you before
yeah for that goal with a girl yeah it's
like they don't look it says don't cross
the busy street in the guy's got his
head down he kills somebody okay I'm
okay yeah that car got messed up though
and that guy took off running
that's he I caught my boosted board that
was my first boosted board crash let me
walk you through what happened this is
Broadway traffic on Broadway goes this
way there sorry fix the white balance
here's Prince Street because I have the
green that means all traffic going this
way is red you can't pass if it's a red
light and that includes right here it's
do not walk this idiot here started
walking this way and the beauty of these
idiots is that they don't just J walk
which is crossing the street where you
shouldn't be crossing the street when
you have a red light but they J walk
with their heads down like this guy is
head down like this and it's a green
light like I was just on a high-powered
electric skateboard but imagine if our a
taxi cab or a bus or a garbage truck
that guy would have been dead back to
what happened so the idiot starts
crossing here where he shouldn't been
crossing with his head down because he
is in edie
idiot is crossing like this I'm going
like this just like I should because
it's a green light
I scream look up and he doesn't look up
he steps right in front of me koplow II
I crashed into a car over here boosted
board
boo said war goes flying over here the
idiot here goes down this car gets
messed up I start screaming at the idiot
he runs I ask the guy in the car what he
wants me to do he says nothing and then
I leave and this is what happened not a
big deal because I'm okay but idiots
look up it's a red light just look up
that guy could have gotten killed I mean
yes I'm pissed off because like I have a
bruise like now my camera's messed up
but honestly like if you got your head
down in a skateboarder hits you what
happens if you've got your head down and
a garbage truck hits you people I am 14
days today is my 14th anniversary of no
refined sugar in my diet and it's been
going extremely well up until like an
hour ago where I had like a slight
breach but I'll dismiss that as a
celebration for making it two weeks with
no sugar I am NOT falling off the wagon
you know it has to be sustainable that's
what it
I had like some Reese's peanut butter
cups that's just I mean come on they're
so delicious
I also didn't get the shot the camera
the battery fell out I lost the shot
which is a major bummer
