that was in uh I was in a I was in
Denver Colorado yesterday man what an
incredible city that is
alright Denver Colorado it's freezing
great to be here dart I I love this
thing this is why I'm here for Denver
startup week I'm speaking at I'm
speaking at Denver startup week
entrepreneurs small businesses a lot of
excited people amazing event but Denver
Denver's one of those cities that I
could see myself living in it's it's
incredible here ok I got a small problem
a small problem I'd like to discuss with
you in the spring of 2015 in one of the
early episodes of season 1 of the vlog I
opened a package on camera it's our new
coffee machine and this began mail time
this is a really funny book by the way
couple years it all falls into one of
two categories first category is
companies small companies big companies
companies like shred lights they're
sending me free products like lights cuz
they want me to talk about their company
and what their products are the second
kind of mail that I get and this is my
favorite my favorite kind of mail are
just like packages and letters from
people we're just writing to say hi and
like and cool stuff like that and
sometimes they send me really cool stuff
too
now here's the problem the problem is
I've just got I've got too much stuff
look at normally this is a couch here
this is where I have meetings is on my
couch
there's no couch there's just boxes and
then more boxes and then more boxes and
more boxes and these boxes all these
boxes here in my studio
right now this is just like from like
this weekend last weekend whatever I
have a whole nother studio where my
office manager Patrick works right there
and then my friend Sam shares a space
this is his desk but primarily what this
entire space is used for is what's on
the upper level here and well now now
this and I mean all of this stuff here
all this stuff this is all stuff that
people have sent me over the years and I
mean like everything up here is
perfectly meticulously organized like
skateboards look at look at these
skateboards look at this skateboard it's
got me on it that's incredible how about
a complete skateboard here's a complete
skateboard tiny skateboard tinier
skateboard big skateboard bigger
skateboard skateboard that's shaped like
a surfboard funny shaped skateboard but
my skateboard rattling hold for
skateboards and I have four skateboards
in fact in fact I had to build a little
thing on top of my umbrella holder here
to hold one two more skateboards I need
a spot for my little skateboards
something someone made for me put it
Tyla trees toys shoes clothing light
bulbs more shoes pillows blankets and
bags but look I have a second a second
pillows and blankets been over here
blankets pillows cups and posters lilies
cups how about a helmet jacket or
backpack a mattress television these
garbage bags are completely filled up
with clothing like t-shirts and hats and
sweaters and pants Andy thank you for
sending me this shirt really
well-designed I really appreciate it I
literally have 75 t-shirts at home then
two garbage bags over here filled up
with unworn t-shirts I don't know what
to do with all these t-shirts there are
100 comments below they're like Casey
you ungrateful mother fine people sent
you that stuff you should show some
appreciation
I appreciate it immensely and please
know that every single person who sends
me anything whether it's a one of these
letters in the box or somebody sends me
a big present or a small present or just
a note that says hello every single
person gets a response I send everybody
stickers and then see all of these up
here those are my binders where I save
your letters I catalog them I date them
and then I put them up there for
reference for all of eternity
I appreciate every single thing that's
ever been sent to me but I still find
myself in a position of extreme
abundance to have an abundance our food
and snacks because I eat all the candy
and then whatever weird stuff that I
don't want I just give to Oscar hey hey
man is Oscar in so I find myself in this
position of trying to figure out what to
do with all of this stuff and you know
living in New York City space is a
premium here and it's like I don't want
to get rid of anything because I
appreciate it so much for the same time
it just kind of sitting in my office
over there that I'm paying rent on
that's collecting dust so what should I
do is the million dollar here KC we know
you like skateboards two guys grew up in
Hawaii this is a 5 foot tall skateboard
and it's awesome and I appreciate it and
thank you I just don't know where to put
it
come on now in the past I have donated
some of the toys to charities who give
toys to kids I've donated a bunch of the
clothes the places where you can donate
clothing and then what I really like to
do is when somebody I know or sort of
know needs something I just send them
all this extra stuff okay see nice that
and told him about my nonprofit here as
many heroes tolling I was blown up
hashtag mini legs I'm gonna share with
you the goodies mr. nice that decided to
send me Chris was a US soldier knee and
his legs blown up in Iraq he wants to
make youtube videos but isn't every
camera gear so I sent him a whole box of
stuff and a lot of that stuff and a lot
of it was stuff that people had sent me
that I wasn't using so I was able to
pass on to him so I'm looking for
something that's more scalable that does
something good that here's what I came
up with alright so here here's the plan
I'm going to be launching an eBay store
he called eBay store an eBay I'm gonna
sell everything that everyone's ever
sent me that I don't have a use for or
someone else I can give it to then I'm
gonna take all those proceeds and I mean
every penny like every cent that's
leftover that we didn't use on shipping
every cent and I'm gonna give it all to
whatever nonprofit I feel needs it the
most at any given day
the current situation I have too much
male stuff the answer the current
situation is to store all the stuff in
garbage bags this accomplishes
absolutely nothing now the new way
current situation the same too much male
stuff but the answer is to sell it on
ebay what does this accomplish well the
stuff the stuff goes to people who will
actually use it
instead of just store it like me and
then the proceeds the proceeds will help
those in the most need via charities and
things like that
so for this first run of stuff that I'm
going to sell all the proceeds for that
are gonna go to a couple of charities
all linked below all of which are
currently helping people in Puerto Rico
just rabbits by a hurricane three plus
million people without power down there
they're in the most need right now so
I'm going to donate all the cash made
from selling all this stuff to help
those people I hope this doesn't
discourage anyone from sending me
anything I do appreciate the mail I try
to open as much as I can on camera and I
especially appreciate the gadget because
it gives me like good content we need to
review gadgets like whatever this thing
is
now I'm gonna pivot this episode for me
talking about male solutions to a tech
review of
number one motorized bicycle look at
this well well so far I like it a lot
hey Mira Vasco da Stern
yeah can you come test this electric
bike with me of course yeah do you want
to ride this for the skateboard
hey old life expectations Oscar I mean
based on the hallway test I think we're
I'm excited to see how this thing goes
on the outside so what folds up yeah I
don't know much about I couldn't find
the manual top speed don't know
it's turning ability supply
oh yes the question becomes Oscar could
you see this as a viable means of
transportation in New York City I feel
vulnerable on it I feel a little anxious
about hurting someone else for the right
kind of person you know if you're maybe
not is like you don't enjoy the exercise
that comes along with the bike it might
work
my biggest beef is there's nowhere to
put your feet I think that's what this
is for your feet are supposed to go here
but they don't really organically fall
there let's look at some of the features
of this thing the center stand here
telescoping foot pads rear disc brakes
yup front disc brake seat there is
suspension up front LED display here to
new york sides it's something you can
fin your apartment I mean if I look half
as cool as I feel Oscar this thing seems
like a home run how I always imagined
you
I think we're really asserting some
street presence the amazing have a
street gang with like a dozen of us and
leathers and chaps you know alrighty
who's ready to see the horn
everybody yields I found a weakness it's
up no power thanks a lot you like this
one
this is a steal ability deal ability
test
alright go no problem dude alright so
all in all the review of the hover 1
bicycle is that it's pretty good I don't
know what this costs are what the range
is but by the time I edit this I will
have googled it and I'll put it right
here on the screen for me it's still
tough that anything that they can
compare with the boosted board also
always wear a helmet also I'll see you
tomorrow here on the block
