yeah there's something that I've been
meaning to bring up on the vlog the Dead
Yet to bring up on the blog it's not a
secret but it's definitely something
I've been withholding from from sharing
I didn't mean for that to sound so
nefarious it's actually like it's a
super positive thing see I feel really
super focused lately on maximizing every
minute of every day and I know that's
like a common theme for everything I do
especially in these vlogs but lately
I've been doing it with like a renewed
focus see they're like there are two
aspects of my life that are constantly
in conflict and that is my desire to
like work more to do more to accomplish
more which fights up against like what
is an entirely objective pragmatic
reality there's only 24 hours in the day
hold up and drop time like money is
fungible if each one of these 12
quarters represents two hours of every
day if I want to dedicate less time to
say I don't know being in the office in
more time to save the family it means
taking from over here to put it over
here now a while ago I made a movie of
vlog called fat and lazy if you haven't
seen it you should check it out
where it outlines like what my day looks
like like how I maximize each and every
day but a reality that I've encountered
recently is that I need more I really
want to get back to like marathon
training I want to focus more on the
edits for these vlogs and I need to
spend a lot more time at Bheem
headquarters what I've been trying to do
is rather than focus on the quantity of
the hours focus on the quality of the
hours like how can I literally give
myself more energy and I know this line
of thinking who quickly devolve into
some weird like cult thing but it's not
that basically it's that if I can be
more efficient with each and every
minute of every day I can accomplish
more in the same amount of time and what
that means is I'll essentially be
creating more time with the same amount
of time there's not a lot of latitude
here I don't have a lot of extra space
to pull from so I'm tackling my diet I
really want to up my diet I want to
perfect everything that I eat everything
that I consume I'm starting with like
sugar no candy no junk food none of that
crap I'm also working with a personal
trainer two days a week to make my legs
stronger so I can run faster and that's
kind of it it's not that big of a deal I
did want to introduce it into the vlog
though because I'm very honest with you
the audience of this vlog and if I screw
up and like eat say eight boxes of
pop-tarts I would just tell you I would
share it on the vlog in this level of
accountability I think will make me more
committed to staying healthy
a grande with whipped cream is supposed
to have 370 calories the actual count
was 390 2.9 this is the movie I made for
the New York Times a couple years ago
and I like go and buy all this food that
has the calorie amount written on it and
then I work with the food scientists in
a laboratory where we use like what was
it called a bomb calorimeter to
determine the exact calorie content that
was in the food and it was like some of
the things were off like crazy like look
at this this sandwich here that we
tested here actual calorie content was
nearly doubled with the label said
giving this sandwich about the same
amount of calories as a Big Mac not cool
crazy right I'm gonna meet you there I'm
gonna take the skateboard all right I
hope it doesn't rain it's not supposed
to okay
that I have a meeting up at tumblr right
now those of you who don't know Matt
Matt as my business partner he's the CTO
of beam that's my tech company but his
previous job was the head of engineering
for tumblr but we're going to meet with
them today to talk about beam don't know
what's going on here
it's a medical situation as a guide like
he was jumping around maybe some sort of
a reaction yeah trying to restrain the
boy jumps up on a traffic he's gone he
is jumping in front of half that name is
jump
the cops came here just now I know
forget about things like that and how
often they happen in this city don't
know what was happening back there but
it looked like is that the guy on the
ground was drunk or maybe he was maybe
had some mental issues but he was like
jumping into traffic and the police
officers were just trying to restrain
him for his own safety didn't even look
like they were trying to arrest the guy
seemed like everybody was going to be
okay though
I've arrived at my destination where's
Matt
I beat Matt and David here by like seven
minutes even though I stopped and look
at that police situation well no I was
gonna say no it's not your style but I
now have three boosted boards so there's
no excuse I said we could have taken the
boosted boards hey I should take the
bike yeah it's like it was calling Matt
does this feel like going back to your
old high school if my old high school
got a lot fancier yeah that's cool way
to get me wrong good to meet you take
care so long I'll see you guys downtown
downtown
all right super fun meeting tumblr is a
very cool company they also have pretty
impressive offices got 23 minutes get
downtown
then I've got a conference call headed
home now I'm speaking on some like tech
innovator entrepreneur panel situation
tonight
I'm not going to vlog it but maybe I'll
put one shot just after the credits
Casey who I just signed with us at WME
which we're very exciting happy about
his launched theme which is his own app
that has a full team for fully
venture-backed put them out there and
then Ben Davis works with me on the
talent side and
