who does taps are all equal
it's gonna pour out today I was invited
to go to a really release screening of
Quentin Tarantino's new movie tonight I
really want to go don't know if I'm
gonna make it there's a little something
I want to talk about in today's vlog
this is not hyperbole this is fact I
have had no less no less than 2,000
people tweet me in the last 24 hours
that hoverboards are now illegal in New
York City have a look
I guess thank you for letting me know
this urgent news secondly I'm not going
to miss something like that I appreciate
the tweet but I got it as a decade and a
half long denizen of New York City let
me just tell you for a fact the NYPD
does not give a about hoverboards
see there are very real things that the
NYPD is currently focused on in New York
City there were some atrocious events
last week in Paris similar threats have
been made for New York City the NYPD is
on it they're everywhere and their focus
is on things that matter not electric
hoverboard contraptions that nobody
cares about so with that and with full
respect the New York City Police
Department let me just take a second and
show you how little the NYPD actually
cares about people on hoverboards
cops they don't care
lasya quick push off sir I saw in the
news that they were making these things
illegal how they said anything to you
guys about them being illegal not
illegal okay all right thank you all so
you take care of NYPD does not care
have you heard about these things being
illegal you know think I read something
about an online but I'm a continued air
into it all right have a good day
officers that you heard of these things
being illegal in the city tactically yes
they are technically they are yes but
it's not a tremendous priority for you
guys up for me no
take care you say yeah you too
hey doing
see in a city this big the police
department has real problems to deal
with and I know it may seem like a big
deal when you read about in the news
that hoverboards are illegal put the
cops here you're dealing with things
that matter hoverboards don't matter and
the cops of course are not going to
waste their precious time dealing with
people like me riding around on Chinese
made electric scooters okay here's what
I got for you prop things I've got this
really hardcore iPhone holder that you
can attach to anything and then I've got
this selfie stick which actually
unscrews right here I just need
something so that if I want to do okay I
got something down here that'll work
hi they all I have is such heavy weight
equipment down here this is a mini
impromptu mailtime brought to you by
Candice what is it about these things
what is it Francine the unicorn plan
scene oh I thought it was like made for
Francie thanks Brian and the rest of the
stuffy's team from Minneapolis Minnesota
and they have to show the letter to the
camera so people can pause and read it
and then it focuses and we're good yeah
how did you guys get how'd you guys get
right so over that door who do you know
no you don't all go can't you just get
this this won't hold it I do need the
macro line yes L moment lenses moment
yeah Briggs yeah so have something
similar to earth her moment is the best
the best I thought I was by far there's
still a serious glass you take care of
her she's my wife yeah nice of course
you gotta give her the case Christ at
discount bye thanks guys things happen
take care what is this just your whole
channel playing over and over yeah
that's what they do in here
all right bye honey it's pouring rain
out headed home remember I started this
vlog talking about Quentin Tarantino's
new movie and how I was invited to an
industry screening tonight but I didn't
think I'd get to go I was invited to go
to a early release
screening of Quentin Tarantino's new
movie tonight we really want to go don't
know if I'm gonna make it well guess
what I get to go which is awesome
unholy fits the line for it it is a
monsoon out here and I believe that's
the line for this industry screening she
what's this line for yeah I made it in
the theater Candace didn't come I took
my second favorite date it's like 25
minutes later from the last time I
checked in we completely finished the
popcorn
and the movie like started and then stop
and then stop started again about 15
minutes after the last time it was 30
minutes after
was supposed to start an hour ago it's
three hours long and it's already late I
think I'm gonna bail we don't I'll see
you tomorrow
was that the most disappointing Quentin
Tarantino movie you've ever seen or not
seeing that just a recap we came to the
movies in the pouring rain pay $20 for
popcorn we ate it that much I need to
borrow your hoverboard
where is he
