this should be interesting you're gonna
come down come on
it's noon on a Saturday I wanted to be
out of the house before 11:00 but
Candace I took the baby whoa
kinnison I took the baby to like her
playground gym place Francine what are
you doing climbing up are you having fun
and then we went grocery shopping got
some good stuff and by the time the baby
finally went down for a nap alright
munchkin nap time it's nap time
baby it's nap time it was noon so here I
am 12 o'clock
please have my car ready please have my
car ready please have my car ready
please have my car is not ready you want
to ride it Oh
here's my car
thank you sir
come on I am headed to Connecticut
without Candice without Francine because
this is like less of a leisure trip and
much more of a pragmatic like go there
to make sure everything's okay with Owen
and his college applications and I also
have to see and talk to my mother a
couple of things like that but I'm
coming back tomorrow morning and that is
like seven hours in the car for the baby
and 12 hours in Connecticut is too much
they're staying behind I'm going solo
okay quick coffee and we we break then
back on the road that please have a I
probably have like another hour and a
half to go I have been making this drive
this commute from New York City to
Connecticut every weekend for the most
part for the last like 14 years the
first car that I had for this commute
was this old like 1960s Ford pickup
truck that I got as a prop for shooting
a music video and I used to drive that
and it was awesome and then one day on
this very road on i-95 the whole truck
just exploded I mean literally like
caught fire while I was driving pulled
over jumped out of the car as it
exploded both sides of the highways shut
down like fire trucks the whole thing
okay and I'm home
scold here what are you doing I don't
get service in here we're making plans
with my mother tonight
Owen is sort of like the plan maker in
this father-son relationship yes be you
dinner now in the 15th minute of this
conversation and decision process okay
cool
going for a quick run then we're gonna
go shopping then we'll go to the movies
you're not very good at spread your feet
apart more spread your feet all right
lean lean forward I give it the gas good
luck good run my phone literally froze
out there is so cold it just stopped
working hot so hold all right showered
clean time to go to the movies a little
beat up from that run that was my first
like truly freezing cold run since last
winter are you guys both sitting in the
back like I'm the chauffeur should I
said does it work
can you put it back in there did you
bring it I'm sorry what are you talking
about right now
oh honey hi Francine stop giving your
mother a hard time all right kids I
gotta go I'm driving honey I'll call you
in a minute
bye can you lock down one C first once
the mall he got what he needed but then
after that we adore the other store
called Target and then after that he
wanted to get a burger but then he
changed his mind and now we're going to
get tacos but the movies in 19 minutes
so I don't know how we're gonna do all
this
Cohen screwed up the time for the movies
for an hour 15 minutes late so we didn't
get to eat dinner and we're gonna miss
it again nice one Owen thanks dad
well now didn't do a terrific amount of
vlogging tonight we would like my mom or
not his friend with him but we saw James
Bond it was like me the parts that I saw
I slept through the rest then went and
got ice cream which I don't know why we
needed ice cream was like 35 degrees
outside and then we got more food and
then we came home and that's it not a
particularly exciting day
