it is 6:55 a.m. on a Sunday on how to
work this morning at 6 a.m. at the donut
place
I'm currently uploading yesterday's vlog
the heat in my house right now is set to
like Mordor and I have a space heater to
warm my toes I'm still freezing see
Sunday's according to my training
schedule is long run day which means I'm
due to run 14 to 16 miles right now
all right enough procrastinating time to
do some running
there will be like a noticeable absence
in those awesome shots that I used to do
when I was running were like the camera
would be put down that run through frame
I really liked doing those but I found
that I was using them as like an excuse
to slow down or stop or take breaks
during my run it became like a crutch
for me so the vlog might stop for a
little bit because my running scenes
which I loved are going to be there
anymore but my training will improve I
hope you understand okay here take note
watch the difference here ready this is
what my face looks like before I run 16
miles and this is what I look like after
a 16 point 0 1 miles at a 731 pace I
look different
Oh
no audio for any of my other shots with
us today shot on this thing look there's
no way this is my fault
see this thing takes a battery and when
the light back here flashes red it means
it needs a new battery so I take a new
battery and when I insert the battery
light goes on green okay green means
good take the cover which is impossible
really horribly designed by the way Road
I put the cover on cover is on correctly
and then I go about my day see how your
lights not on and how does that my fault
batteries in there properly the doors on
properly but it doesn't work it's a
brand new microphone I had this like
really lovely scene with my dad got this
little scene at the end of Francine
we're out like that pharmacy that I shot
on my cell phone that works what are you
doing awake
Francine my whole vlog is ruined because
the microphone didn't work yeah I can't
believe that the whole thing is ruined
everything I know that's how mad I am -
yeah yeah okay well here's like a silent
movie that is the rest of my vlog today
I'm sorry this vlog sucks I'll get a new
microphone tomorrow
no it is the microphone I just showed
the viewers look it you put the battery
in and the thing turns off it's
completely faulty I just have seen your
blame technology well I'm not going to
take credit for my own mistakes
ha
hahaha
ah
what are we getting here we don't
actually need anything we just need an
excuse to get out of the house right
poopy where's mommy
Candace where are you
I die free I don't know why would they
put diner at all whoa whoa
the universe it
yay
time to go you want to stay here I think
she's pretty happy here
you gonna stay here alright alright
alright troublemaker let's go do you
love it in there I think she likes it
what she likes it
