I'm assuming that whoever went through
all the trouble to come here and do this
those enough about me to kind of have an
idea of the you know the range of
possibilities so I could come out of it
goal just another pretty rainy fall day
here in New York City
now November 12 it's almost unsettling
how warm it is out in New York City
can't really complain about it doing
something awesome today that I'm pretty
excited about
so I'm running out but before I do I
need to send a little bit of love
earlier this week when I was having like
serious audio problems I blamed my
microphone for letting me down the
reality was it wasn't the microphone at
all
it was my camera my Canon camera that
had failed me rode overnights me from
Australia a package here with a brand
new microphone in it rode you guys are
awesome
sorry I gave you a hard time I left work
I'm riding my bike right now in the rain
to go to an art show today is the first
day of my good friends art show and he's
doing something that's totally nuts I
wanted to share with you mostly I want
to check it out are you laughing at okay
hi
this is my destination Scott Campbell
whole glory at milk gallery Scott
Campbell is a dear friend of mine he's
also one of like the greatest tattoo
artists on planet Earth he's the I went
to Afghanistan with who tattooed all the
soldiers while we were over there at
Scott's show in there along with his
fine art there is apparently a hole in
the wall and you stick your arm through
that hole in Scott tattoos you but he
doesn't tell you what he's going to
tattoo he just does his own tattoo on
you at the center of the installation is
a hole on the other side is Scott
Campbell you will tattoo for free any
arm that comes through there's no
communication Scott will tattoo whatever
he's inspired to do and recipient
doesn't get to see it until it's
finished whoa dude a few thank you thank
you for all the work again great so
these are all the people waiting for the
tattoo this is Scott's installation here
clothes only these guys only ones
supposed to be filming right now all
right right now we are sneaking around
back to see what it looks like from
Scotts perspective this is what's
happening behind the wall this trouble
man everywhere I go look like Rosco is
this easier than having to talk to
people yes first that means eliminates
the negotiating caretaking element
especially
in
Scott how long till she pulls it out um
she's gonna pull out about 60 seconds
gotta hurry I'm more curious to see the
look on her face when she whips the arm
out than anything else
on a scale of 1 to excited you love it
so that's amazing
showing it yeah she's said okay good
everybody love your good happy awesome
good work I always wonder like if they
take advantage off and then everybody
like drops out of line they're like I'm
good
everybody know that there was a big
applause she was like in shock
sure yeah she's like a total loss for
words like in a good way or like a no
it's like is like Christmas morning and
she's it's about girl I can make a kit
in section right awesome the shiny red
by shiny red thumb put that on the next
person is the arm coming through period
when I texted the arm it texted the
chaperone of the arm somebody's about to
stick their arm through got it out of
here good luck with that arm later sir
you're doing God's work in here man
good to see you take care guys dance
interview just you know see what this
guy looks like on the other side then
get out of here gotta get back to work
how's it going good what was the
reaction when you felt him grab your arm
oh you know the continuation of the
mystery you know it's this stick your
hand into a glory hole what's going on
it's weird
do you have other tattoos what's up once
more that's the only tattoo in your
whole body yeah and now you're doing
this yeah why um I like the idea of
trust and our work I like Scott's
artwork to be able to throw yourself out
there and Trust and being able to live
with the decisions you make I'm in I
trusted your brave poetic man
all right that's it I'm out of here
he's doing this from 10:00 a.m. until
6:00 p.m. I think until Sunday so if
you've ever wanted a Scott Campbell
tattoo for free it's 450 West 15th
Street check it out
you
