look it that's crazy
I've never seen that before in my life
I have no idea it's wild right me Thomas
mom it looks like water
first day with a brand new booster board
and it's pouring rain outside all right
let's do a little bit of a Pepsi
challenge situation here what you're
listening to right now is the old
probably broken microphone this is what
it sounds like just using the built-in
microphone as in no microphone just like
here I mean like that's just the camera
there no microphone whatsoever okie
dokie and lastly now you're listening to
the new fancy microphone let me know
which one you think sounds best in the
comments below I would prefer if you
would just say the fancy one sounds best
because I just spent like 250 bucks on
this thing this is what it looks like
okay now we can get started I'll do
something a little bit different today
which is pianist and I have been
fighting like the last four days and
obviously I don't remember why it was
one of those situations where I was like
she got mad and because she was mad that
made me mad and then because I made me
mad that made her even more mad which
then made me mad which in return they
made her mad in the end just land at a
place where you're like wait why are we
fighting with that I want to make
today's Q&A about love romance
relationships all that stuff and in the
name of honesty and full disclosure I
would like to advise you the viewers of
this vlog to disregard every piece of
advice I give about love and
relationships because I am not in any
way qualified to be giving advice on
love or relationships in fact I'm the
worst person you could possibly take
advice from okay let's get started
oh you're gonna make me all sappy when I
broke my leg and I was in the hospital
like in a million pieces Candice I were
broken up
I was literally seeing someone else and
she showed up in the hospital and did
not leave until they released me from
the hospital
in fact when they did release me she was
the one who like drove me back to
Connecticut for recovery and then took
care of me and put up with all of the
bullying that was like a broken wounded
Casey that is like
hey hey do you think that everybody only
has one small made out there made for
them or do you think that we all have
different people set up for us if we go
different jobs we'll find these people
and no I don't believe that there's only
one person out there for each of us
generally like rules like that
especially if they have to do with
relationships or emotions or anything
that's entirely malleable and
undefinable I would disregard in fact
this idea that we have like a soulmate
and that's it I would bet was created by
somebody like hallmark or Disney
somebody who's looking to sell something
pros and cons of being in a relationship
well the cons are it's really hard it's
a lot of work you get to a point in your
life where you want to share your life
with somebody else and the cost of that
which is high becomes worth it for the
opportunity to actually share who you
are with somebody else but you look
young I just looks like you're like high
school or college or something the value
of like a serious relationship at your
age is like like just get out there okay
see how did you get along which always
fun how do I get along with my baby mama
really well she's awesome
like she's totally supportive honestly
only we've had a fight in the last 16
years
yeah our relationship changed after we
got married
surprisingly that it got easier because
once you're married more specifically
once you have like a big wedding and you
force all of your friends to celebrate
with you it makes it a lot harder to
like ditch so when we were dating it was
like if things got hard I would just
like balance and don't date somebody
else but once you're married you can't
do that because then I'd be like a total
jerk to Candace's parents who flip the
bill for the whole wedding I mean that's
not the only reason things got better
after
married but yeah everything changed
after we got married now definitely say
everything changed for the better
relationships whether traveling here
okay uh Cody first of all thank you for
your service my little brother served in
the US Air Force distance is impossible
I was never able to deal with it I don't
think that's very good we're helpful
advice especially for someone who's in
the Armed Forces like yourself but I
don't know I would hope that Cody you're
a bigger man and I and you could figure
it out but I
yeesh Alice was right not to be overly
romantic but I am a romantic if there's
somebody you love that much that you
genuinely believe you'll be with forever
then you have to just do whatever it
takes to be with that person if you
truly think that you're going to be with
somebody forever do whatever it takes to
be with that person forever if you found
someone special snatch them up I have an
answer it's gonna require me doing a
little drawing
all right the key to a long relationship
this is you you and this is and this is
your partner and that could mean wife
husband boyfriend girlfriend whatever
however you identify this green dot here
is the relationship now the key to a
long marriage is to maintain your sense
of you and for your partner to maintain
their sense of being and then together
you share a relationship you say you he
or she stays who they are and together
you share this the problem with most
relationships is that somebody in the
relationship or both people think the
only way to succeed is like this is to
give up you is to give up you and
instead have this thing together where
you give up your sense of identity and
you just have this like that's it
there's no more you there's no more me
there's just the relationship and that
will never work this alone is the key I
hope that makes some sense because
that's something I really believe in
something I really subscribe to it's why
I encourage Candice to keep doing her
own thing with her business it's why I
keep running and make my videos and do
everything that makes me me she does
everything that makes her her and then
together we have this thing called our
relationship idea back to work
okay today is not mail time but I just
got this package from Red Bull check
this out this is some serious Harry
Potter action this is the letter okay
look it's a letter you turn it on click
play on the letter and it plays a movie
now luckily I'm surrounded by some of
the most capable computer scientists on
planet earth so I'm going to have these
guys hack this thing and be something
great with it yeah 2 X 2 hack it
do something amazing with it but sit
here it do it yeah I just want to see
what's in there alright good luck
Amalia and County I live make it
something amazing a few moments later
check out what Amalia did with the Red
Bull envelope mail I think it just puts
it right on time right right yeah
nice work well done I guess thank you
Red Bull for our new media player this
is the godfather the reviewer might not
recognize it that horse's head is going
to be in this guy's dead before this
scene is over
