you think you guys travel with enough
gear my god
supposed to be in my commitment this
morning at 7:30 it's now 750 and I'm
still not there in fact I'm not even on
my way there whoo there to go bit of a
bummer but
this looks like white shoe
pretty sure that set
no more filming alright more cryptic
vlogging that was set it's awesome and
after report to a cafe over here where
staging is that's where you like set up
and playing it all that chat
go ahead
thank you very much
beautiful makeup
this is the shot I'm specifically not
allowed to use
even I like the other the shooters done
the work very well I can tell you about
it here but we get free breakfast out
good luck catching that uber okay see
you later
you're great man I love you video thanks
a lot
I go to Reddit sometimes I'm a little
scared of reddit I'm gonna be honest
with you guys look at all this stuff
hello Internet Wow look at these fancy
cinema lenses so there's another shoot
happening today
this one's taking place in my office
this one's for read it and they've
completely completely taken over the
space you're gonna look great I can't
wait be back
I'm good
lay down something came in the mail
today that I'm particularly excited
about no no no maybe this is it this is
not it maybe this is it no this is not
it
no this is not it this is what I'm
excited about a brand spanking new
boosted board there aren't that many
products or companies that I so openly
endorsed boosted board is a company that
I highly endorse with no hesitations the
CEOs on my youtube channel that I had
total both of mine so he asked me to
send in my back and in return he sent me
this brand new boosted board now that's
just an awesome thing to do and that's
why I don't hesitate at all to talk
about boosted or to feature them so much
in my blog they also they also just know
how to take care of their customers so
few companies have both a great product
and take care of their customers
I cannot tell you how happy I am have a
little piece of board action back in my
life
I can begin to tell you how psyched I am
to get out there and rage on this thing
Oscar where is it from
yeah check it out I got new boosted
board oh my girlfriend okay so not
everybody shares my enthusiasm no big
deal just shut up in the mail
well the brand new booster board so what
are you doing with all these booster
would kiss a man I keep breaking them
right and they give me new one after I
break the old one unbelievable this is
Ben company uniform yeah everybody's
gonna wear these now mandatory really no
not really if I was working with you and
you give me this uniform I'm walking out
right away
I know just me just the boss where's mr.
Bostwick I don't work for Larry Marlin
I'm gonna finish it lit shortly here see
you what's your name
yeah my uh my friend does really
high-end IT stuff and he was just saying
that your whole like business model is
amazing and like what you're doing
alright you're awesome now that all the
hellos are complete ladies and gentlemen
I present boosted Ward 3
