listen you hear that this isn't a fun
movie this is an a happy movie this
isn't a positive movie this isn't like a
fox is a story I never ever wanted to
tell
so this is it this is the moment of
truth the radiology centers right there
and they're gonna like they're gonna
look inside my knee and let me know if
this is like see I'm not a guy who's
afraid of much I'm not afraid of fast
motorcycles running jumping out of
airplanes flying in helicopters risk
risk is something I typically do not
avoid there are only few things in life
that scare the everliving
out of me and this video is about one of
those things I'm injured something is
wrong with my leg and there's definitely
a chance that I'll never be able to run
you're you and I are the same age what
does this mean for the rest of your life
that's my sister she had a knee injury
she kept running and now she's trying to
kind of she can't run like she wants to
and she'll never be able to again the
rest of her life
I don't love going to the doctor
I don't ever look like the doctor now I
first noticed the pain in early July
that was like three months ago
and here's the thing I run like 60 to 80
miles a week every week and I've done
about that for the last 10 years plus
you get pains all the time this one was
a little different it was persistent it
never went away I've been totally
responsible the minute I felt a pain I
went to a guy a running specialist he
taught me some stretches I've been doing
it you're lying your side face me now
then get on a diet I'll try to do 50
reps
I shouldn't be able to run I have no
business front I broke my leg about a
decade ago I broke in 27 places this
right here this is all metal and in the
hospital the doctor told me Casey
you're never gonna be able to run again
when I was 26 years old then there's no
way I was gonna let that doctor tell me
I was never gonna run again and since
that day since the doctor told me I'd
never run again ever
I've run twenty four marathons have done
four full distance Iron Man's that's 140
mile races I've done God knows how many
other races 5ks 10ks half marathons
sprint distance triathlons Olympic
distance triathlon is half distance
ironmouth I've done them all I've done
nothing but races and running for last
decade and for some reason this has got
me freaked them out in the moment and
I'm saying possessed oh man keep it 300
like the Romans 300 bitches where the
Trojans baby
and the moment I've been a minute
so filing me you could ship out the
dough I'm doing honey but there's
nowhere to go and there's no way to slow
if I knew what I knew in the pan I would
have been like that on your way
you gotta leave all my stuff in here
including this camera to go and check me
out now now I've got an addictive
personality it's why it's why I don't do
drugs I avoid drinking I I focus on the
things in life that I can let myself
become addicted to that's family that's
worked and that's running but running
running is a unique part of my
personality of my brain of Who I am
I run almost every single day I don't
mind my runs when I'm tired I end my
runs when I ran out of time if I had
more time I would run more I run once a
day sometimes twice a day I'll run a
dozen miles on Monday another dozen on
Tuesday and I'll keep back Tony until
some sort of external force gets in my
way you see this city my life life in
general family friends the noises the
distraction my work everything is
non-stop everything in life is just
absolute chaos I'd have it no other way
but through all of that mania through
all that cast there's one consistent
there's one thing that's mine one thing
that I absolutely can't live without one
thing that makes me sane one thing that
grounds me and that that one thing is
running
well good news and I've got no news
turns out it takes 24 to 48 hours before
my doctor gets to review that MRI and I
find out what's going on
so this is gonna have to be a to be
continued
episode sorry I'll have a real ending
but trust me when I say your desire to
find out the conclusion to this story is
nothing compared to my desire to find
out the conclusion to this story
