not in the building
people sorry about that
in yesterday's vlog I had like I don't
know 20 seconds of drone footage before
I crashed and destroyed the drone a lot
of you commenters have mentioned that I
should have a drone in my arsenal and
there's a reason why I don't I mean I
look at other guys that use drones like
foo see did some really amazing stuff in
his vlog in Istanbul with his drone
linked below Jesse always does amazing
stuff with his drone then brown does
good stuff jacksgap to some of the best
drone cinematography on all of YouTube
all those guys are linked below but the
reason why I've been so reluctant is
cameras for me are just tools to help me
like tell better stories and drones are
such a pain in the ass with all the gear
and like the rules and the laws and
actually flying them and they're so
expensive that I just like I lack the
confidence that they'll actually make me
a better storyteller so I've avoided it
long story long I think I'm gonna get a
drone I just have to figure out how to
use it yesterday got me really excited I
need something a little bit tougher than
that though
I gotta go in 20 minutes I'll take off
thanks bye Ali hello how are you kissing
I'm Casey yeah
hey thanks a lot fancy car hey I'm good
how are you so good so we're going to
Nevada
yeah LaGuardia back to the airport how
about the traffic to the airport forty
minutes
pretty bad traffic alright heat traffic
thank you very much sir you take care
some days like today I really look
forward to spending like four or five
hours on an airplane it's just like a
good time notice for actually get some
work done
I've got one hour to kill before I get
to the before that
complementary for platinum card members
take the elevator down the hall between
gates PNC
alright American Express I will try out
your lounge
the following segment is not a paid
advertisement for American Express or
the century and whatever this is that's
a big camera so everything inside is
complimentary so if you want anything
you want to help yourself thank you
fried chicken soup review of this lounge
I've been here for like 45 minutes the
people behind me are super wasted and
I'd like 12 cookies
hi guys
okay
here safety is very important too so
view it at this time please pause use of
your hand drum electronic devices and
direct your attention to the overhead
monitors for a brief safety video thank
you
two hours a little work done take a tiny
now fish feeder
big ralindi
in preparation for landing please make
certain their seatbelts are fastened and
bring your seat backs to the upright
position please know your personal
belongings back into the station front
of you and go and rock your tray table
hope that Cadillac thank you take care
no thanks thank you and Jill to be see
you want candy right yeah I'll take a
lift
thank you
my favorite of all the American Airlines
bonuses
so cool is that our secret staircase
that our secret old staircases I got a
key to that door up there
you could've beat us across the on the
skateboard right
thank you thank you so much you take
care
so awesome welcome let me take this a
nice nice that not bad that's pretty
close Thank You buh-bye
flight number two boards in eight
minutes I gotta go
all right that's it no more flying today
thank God tell you know yeah that's me
that's you
thank you
thank you yep credit card I mean do you
pick
totally suite room there's a balcony it
doesn't seem safe at all
whoa
I'm finishing up my edit here and I just
realized that I never once say where I'm
going in this entire vlog that that's
funny
okay have a nice trip yeah enjoy your
trip
