I have another dentist appointment this
morning they're probably gonna do some
drilling so I'm gonna try to get this
entire vlog done before that I don't
think I'll be able to speak properly for
the rest of the day I'm gonna do
something that I've been putting off for
a while look at this mess
you
all right let's get into this you know I
haven't done mail time in a while and
the only reason is that the cleanup is
such a huge pain in the ass that I keep
procrastinating to open all these boxes
dear Casey you can use these wonderful
candles to eliminate the weed smell
that's always everywhere I really like
the name of your candle company because
if you remove the rfp and beamer turns
into beam dear Casey my name is Caitlin
Smith I'm from Columbia Missouri
Missouri Missouri Missouri dear Kaitlyn
thank you for these lovely presents for
Francine she has a lot of toys but she
doesn't have a little pink dragon to
Katie nice got the father of vlogging
that's nice hello ha Casey my name is
Isaac I live in Honolulu mmm Isaac thank
you for these cookies and stuff I love
gifts I don't even think you want
anything you're not even asking me to
sell anything
follow Isaac on follow Isaac on being
because Isaac just seems awesome love
just gifts
I can't find the letter but there's an
empty coke bottle the old seed you in
some Mikey nice thank you I guess this
is very heavy and not very well packed
do you Casey huge fan thank you
alright thank you for this Chinese
English Holy Bible you know I have a lot
of things one thing I don't have is an
English Chinese Holy Bible and a two
liter bottle of what's either iced tea
or a human urine thank you
what is this holy smokes
spiritual use only thank you oh thank
you
these are like some sort of hippy
cigarettes or something thank you for
these holy smokes
oh don't smoke I can see I'm a big fan
from Finland
I love Finland what is your name
Sebastian Sebastian thank you for all of
this awesome Finnish candy ah you know
no matter what shows up here it's always
candy that makes me the happiest
parenthetically my dentist's appointment
is in 41 minutes
Redbox did you see where the note went
oh hopefully maybe this is it have a
media says hi okay thank you for this
tiny little beam notebook and a teddy
bear and all the other stuff whoever
sent that - oh wow this is a survival
kit there's a fishhook some matches some
string two nails and a bunch of other
weird stuff I feel like this is the this
is the kind of thing you would keep
drugs in if you are inclined to do drugs
and the best mailtime packaging of the
Year award goes to Michael who made this
with a functioning flag nice work
Michael I almost don't want to open it
I'm not doing digit
let me see a letter in there dear Casey
this is shamil Shemp promotion this is a
shameless promotion of the ultra-durable
move one world football a soccer ball
that will never need a pump okay this is
awesome look at these guys make this
like bomb-proof soccer bowl for kids in
developing countries and never need air
thank you cute case here's a token of my
appreciation for sharing your craft
my wife Julie recently ran into you in
Central Park and tweeted this picture
huh with all respect sir you have an
attractive wife okay let's do it the
little package cuff links a little
camera on them oh hell yeah
this is what I was hoping was in here
all right carrot thank you for this
drone I'm gonna fly this this is awesome
all right this will be the last package
too big not open and look that spray
paint job
this looks expensive
yo Casey I'm J whoo hey whoo awesome
name I design a manufacturer filmmaking
gear
I'm sending you one of our most popular
shoulder rigs jag 35 dude thank you this
is awesome
between this and the drone I feel like
logging is about to be stepped up to a
whole new level it is time now for me to
go to the dentist everyone I was saying
I haven't done mail times I don't like
cleanup I hate the dentist I hate the
dentist I hate the dentist
getting a root canal this is gonna hurt
so bad
so I didn't know I was getting roots out
when I came in and then he said I
neither one knows like he just do it
right now
so yeah okay ready
I'm the root now I'll do it with a blog
anymore thick my top rate guys are so
slow over there
so black smog for vlogging wanna go home
