how do you make it stop beeping
can be analyzed
jesse is coming by to shoot the Q&A
today he's getting accosted outside
right now
you'll leave them alone we got work to
do I could see you in the modular with
the camera what's up yeah how's how's
our life together you're all Aladdin
favorite that thing has been everywhere
man insane it's a tie like I get tweets
all day like different news stories
around the world it's crazy man what we
did I'm so happy that we pull
this okay it is Tuesday Q&A time
special guest this week Landon
just you know you ate today all about
the Aladdin video so any questions you
might have any questions at all about
this awesome
before we start answering the questions
that you guys asked I wanted to address
one thing which is that I'm seeing a lot
on Twitter of people saying that I did
all the work but Jesse's getting all the
credit have you seen those I thought I'd
wanted to okay totally not fair it was
Jesse's idea and therefore the majority
of the credit for like this ridiculous
viral goes to this guy right here thank
you thank you no but like what I thought
the idea and I started thinking about
how I was gonna build it in my head I
was like I had this idea I'm like I know
the man that knows how to build this so
I brought it right to him like this man
well now to do it what guys my question
is did anybody give you any grief for
skating or Aladdin in the easies I
didn't see any negative feedback for the
uses I've seen positive because I knew
if I wore sneakers like that a lot of
sneaker heads would appreciate you know
the sneaker game in the in the video and
the lad wearing Jesus I mean that that
just adds to the viral Ness
the board dying was there any other big
problems that happened during this video
like the cloth ripped or something oh
sorry that's my phone we set the whole
shoot up just in case there were
problems like that whole rig was built
to break so we could fix it easily and
like we had extra boosted board ready to
go but it was like smooth Jessie why
didn't you come through with the fabric
yo-yo why didn't you come through with
the fabric that is a good question like
first I went looking for Rob's couldn't
figure that out forget it might be too
heavy
it was a divide-and-conquer kind of
mission it wasn't like an assignment of
duties we just like tackled everything
to get the video done alright Alisa or
if it was a complete surprise whenever
you saw it getting so many views and
reposted by so many big media sites when
I saw the first frame of that video like
when we came back here we watched it for
one second of the back of the camera
it's like this is gonna be huge you
never know one of what is something
something about viral or not but it's
like we make videos for a long time on
YouTube and it's like did you hit all
the points of a viral success there's
like a recipe it's like holiday you hit
something around a holiday it's
something that someone's never seen
before quality of it and is it could you
go home and do that as well that's like
that's like those ya relatability like
the comedy aspect that video was a
perfect storm for a viral film yeah so
tell us how much time did you get
practicing riding around on the magic
carpet before you hit the streets of New
York City how much practice Jesse zero
he went out there put the carpet down he
filmed it that was it literally like the
first shot we shot was used in the final
cut like the final edit of it we didn't
have a monkey Ivan Abu was not there
question from Alex Casey were you
worried about running into people and
cars since you had to pay attention to
filming Jesse I mean I was more nervous
about Jesse running into someone there's
this corner Jess
went around sitting on the magic carpet
all clear
and you like came this close to hitting
a car's tire oh yeah yeah yeah I
remember that okay
why does one thing that you guys would
like to do also for the lot Nvidia that
you couldn't do it because of time or
whatever I really wanted to do more
stuff with the drone two things it's
illegal to fly them in New York City and
there were insane winds we actually had
this shoot set up for like two weeks ago
three weeks ago and I had like a really
good drone operator that was going to
come out and that guy would have like he
would have killed it true or false
ripping around on a boosted board with
the movie makes you a touch nervous
here's the thing this gimbal is like
fantastically expensive
we had a very expensive camera on that
gimbal and I was paying attention to the
road not the equipment the truth is like
how much money did that movie really
cost to produce a movie for a couple
hundred dollars to get seen by nine
million people it's just sort of a it's
a crazy thing so with that I think you
have to take chances with the year I
think I owe you money for the for the
square this is like this ammaji this is
the whole budget for a movie at nine
million views cool does get Jesse's a
bit of a drone expert and I got this one
in the mail yesterday I'm getting his
two cents on it
this is this is like for beginner
beginner you're probably get 4k video
out of this maybe not even ten eight oh
you get 1080 out of the parrot sky
controller to on boom search for double
Wi-Fi networks on your device yes right
oh what'd you do today this is cool Oh
how's it control
got yesterday Jackie I've been flowing
Israel before yeah therefore the trend
this is significant or not doesn't watch
don't kill me
that's pretty good quality birthing and
so I open the window for you that's not
gonna fit
that's not gonna fit
so a pawn that's how you're gonna get it
back in
ah
I'm shutting her down that thing is
perfect for like the city like it's not
aggressive to hurt anybody
all right I gotta get back to work did
it you'll see growing up thank you love
today
see you guys later later I'm just trying
to figure out how to get the footage off
of this and I notice that it must have
happened what I dropped it look at the
lens that is completely totaled I have
this thing for like ten minutes
you know parrot I really appreciate you
sending me this it seemed like an
awesome device but we didn't have like a
major crash it gently went down on the
ground
I'm sorry for breaking your drone
what a bummer
nice success
