are you ready for the marathon attaboy
already tomorrow morning is the New York
City Marathon
that is a 26.2 mile race through all
five five boroughs of New York City
it's the biggest marathon in the world
and it's the hardest marathon in the
world to get into four non-professionals
I didn't think I was running it this
year because a friend of mine said he'd
get me a bib they're very hard to get
and I never followed up with him so I
just assumed it wasn't happening and
then I found out yesterday that I am
indeed running a 26.2 mile race to New
York City tomorrow
so yep it's not that I can't run a
marathon I can run a marathon anytime I
maintain a permanent state of marathon
readiness it's just to run a marathon
without any specific marathon training
makes it a really tough painful slow day
first rule of Boy Scouts I'm not a Boy
Scout be prepared and I'm not prepared
for tomorrow what's up dings Blaine
what's up to these guys that was mr.
David Blaine the world's greatest
magician I always can recognize David
because he's the only person who rides a
motorcycle in New York City without a
helmet so I am right now on my way to
the Javits Center where the race Expo is
but boosted Ward's out of use
this gigantic metal looking building for
left of me is my destination I think 52
or 54 thousand people are running this
year so there's a lot going on here
morning awesome how's that yes
great okay thank you guys orange is the
first Parral is the front of the prow
wave number one I'll be starting
tomorrow at the very very very very very
front of the 54,000 racers you're going
to finish it
I don't know last year did three hours
and two minutes this year like I'd be
half a year was 302 yeah Wow seven
minute month I was before you had a kid
before I had a kid I know my hips my
hips got wider yeah now I think I'd be
happy with 333 45 tomorrow well weather
should be fun if you catch me you're
gonna catch me need to say hi as you
pass by I know at some point if I hit
the wall and you got it no thought were
you finish together what are you you
what are you trying I'm going to see if
I can do in under three hours you are
here only I'm gonna order here oh and if
it doesn't work then and then I just
want to finish alright regardless I will
see you tomorrow morning right all right
amen
stay strong - Robert cannot wait to see
you tomorrow bye guys
these little runners alright
this is not good
there's so much smoke I don't know how
to get home now the wheels won't even
turn hey doing so depressing
Oh boosted board you're in a sorry state
alright just gonna drop the skateboard
off in the office before I go home I
gotta get home but a quick marathon
story I always thought I was invincible
until my very first marathon and then I
had my ass handed to me in a way I had
never had before ever I was destroyed
here's some footage from 2008 seven
years ago when I ran my first marathon
Casey
runners on your mark
like the only spectator for mild
I never never had my ass kicked like
that and I was like this will never
happen again I felt weak and small so I
started training like crazy I lost like
15 pounds or something then my next
marathon maybe five six months later
took my time from 417 to like 338 in a
crazy torrential rainstorm I feel like I
really kicked ass in that second
marathon and that's when I got serious
in about six weeks later I was like I'm
gonna do it for Apple on Casey
we didn't get a chip over that one nice
race Joan yeah hey good to see you know
like a slightly shy and maybe a month
after that my first half ironman
that's a 56 mile race three swim bike
run and I felt good there I raced
alongside my little brother who was much
faster than me
he beat me but finishing a 56 mile
triathlon like a few weeks after my
first ever triathlon I was pretty proud
of myself
then I somewhat recklessly signed up for
a full distance Ironman now an Ironman
for those of you who don't know is a
hundred and forty mile race where you
swim 2.4 miles bike 112 and then run a
full distance marathon and I was doing
this just a few weeks after my first
ever triathlon people trained for years
I had not I was racing alongside my
little brother he was like hell of an
athlete
and that day was like the greatest day
one of one of the greatest days
definitely the greatest race day of my
entire life
he just finished under forty miles up I
was super fast I caught up to my little
brother a hundred and thirty eight miles
into a hundred and forty mile race and I
passed him I ended up beating my brother
by like eighteen minutes and it was that
day which was nine months after I got my
ass kicked in that first marathon that
really kicked off my career and like
competitive endurance athletics
it wasn't until 11 months ago when
Francine was born that I really stopped
training so I it but no regrets spending
time with the baby has been much more
rewarding than training tomorrow will be
my weakest race performance since that
first marathon though wish me luck oh it
stinks
