so I wanted to name this bad parents
we were supposed to be on a Mickey Mouse
cruise ship right now hurricane Irma
canceled that trip so we came to Los
Angeles tonight we're gonna go to Disney
Land here in LA we don't think the baby
will notice that we're not on gigantic
cruise ship so long as she sees Mickey
Mouse also the the Disney Cruise took us
nine months to plan this trip we plan in
about two hours so far so good though
whose idea was the Disney cruise
originally her father's last night we
stayed here in Santa Monica so we could
see Candace's sister
now we're driving to Anaheim where
Disney World is
gh 5 is this shooting 4k yeah no this is
4k the focus is still imperfect but the
sign that's pretty good yeah
the idea to go to Los Angeles for
Disneyland was hatched like two hours
before we left basically we found out
late at night that the Disney cruise was
cancelled we woke up the next morning
said what are we gonna do and by four
o'clock were on an airplane well we were
supposed to be on the three o'clock but
we did miss our first flight to
California
to Disney there come on yeah
her cakes she kept saying mommy make me
beautiful which meant I had to like
fluff the Cape out she really thought
she was in on an Elsa's castle really
fact like she saw the door and she was
like we're here
the funniest was every time we saw a
character we changed costumes so she was
wearing her Minnie Mouse costume when we
spotted Princess Sophia but I had
brought her Princess Sophie outfit
because we had an appointment to meet
her later in the day and then we saw her
on the street and I was like Francine we
have to change costumes she's like okay
and she lifts her hands up and totally
like she's not easy to get dressed in
the morning but she was totally down to
strip on Main Street to put on her
Princess Sophia
we're not really like huge Disneyworld
people who've never been before
Francine she likes to watch the cartoons
for the old man it was him watching her
her that was why he wanted to go well
he's a changed man
he was like curmudgeon and now he's like
a softy
how'd you do Scott and Carly were just
like I could see them being Disney
freaks they had so much fun
scott is Candace's sister's husband
we're doing Tower of Terror this is
Stanley here it's the 70th birthday here
here and this is Scott here
brother-in-law my favorite was the
Little Mermaid because Francine thought
that Ariel's name was areola how did she
learn that
we can explain it but I can't correct it
it's so funny the first day was like
amazing we got there late in the
afternoon we had a half a day and it was
smooth as butter so this is just this is
just the first day we didn't get into it
to like 4 or 5 p.m. so just stuck a few
rides in we saw the frozen show tomorrow
is gonna be like the real hard-hitting
Disney day
so this is it this is the both our last
day and our first real day here at
Disneyland we had breakfast this morning
with Chip and Dale is pretty exciting so
far I think the whole thing is off to a
very very good
Stanly 70th birthday seems site the
babies seem happy yeah so far sweeping
success and then the second day was sort
of an unmitigated disaster she was tired
friends who just freaking out the entire
time I would figure she did like it's a
small world she did like it she's good
like if she said she wanted to do it
again when we got out
the neethu reason why this video is
click baited as bad parents is because
we do spoil her too much and I think
this might be like the height of
spoiling her we justified it as
Candace's dad's birthday but we just
didn't want to let her down so instead
of being rational humans and postponing
the trip we got in a plane and flew that
day to Disneyland
then everybody had such a good time
great trip still get out of 70 years of
birthdays is this the greatest one
you've ever used it really is it's a
good one right so that's kind of it that
was our whole Disney trip and we still
do want to go on a Disney cruise but
like I think for toddlers the cruise
must be just amazing
we'll go we'll go we're gonna go we're
gonna go we're gonna go we'll go
was it a successful birthday
I didn't know you wore glasses I can't
see my computer otherwise I start to go
cross-eyed
