go
way down headed up to Candace's office
you remember Candace right my pretty
wife I am helping her never agree to
help your wife with business I'm helping
her today with her jewelry company
making like a promotional video for her
jewelry companies something something
like delivery I don't know what this is
all about but I agreed to help her so
we're going to shoot a video today we
try to vlog it shooting a movie and
vlogging at the same time is damn near
impossible
riding a school board and shooting a
video at the same time is damn near
impossible that was close that woman
could it kiss me on the cheek
little boost for the tripod there I'm
gonna go in and start shooting with the
girl now you look very cute in your
outfit Candace
so far the shoots going okay I have to
have Candace like do a bunch of acting
so yeah but her stunt double just out
here hold on one sec okay okay come back
okay
okay Candace you're up okay we go it's
one of my Martian target yeah good care
yet no no everything's good okay you
were great you were great
go ahead Candace there sorry let's go go
bye sorry start over till it fits our e
stop apologizing wait relax a little bit
when you start talking your heads moving
for like this new neck is just okay
thank you for calling sorry try again
you stumbled on one word but everything
else is perfect
that's fine it's totally fine
don't stop turning out the window ah
almost um okay come back dude you just
looking left and right all right come
nope go okay kid play tennis look here
look here nope do it in here and less
like anger on your face well that's good
go
no I don't like it
that will probably work let's just do it
one more we just finished shooting do
you have no clothes on we just finished
shooting with Candice who's naked right
there and now we're going to be shooting
with where's Jennifer Jennifer that's
Jennifer there Jennifer is Candace's
stunt double for this shoot so she's
gonna be doing all the action stunts and
then naked Candice there were just Nick
how to leave behind how do you think it
went
do you think that I was a demanding
director what last time I was me what
those girl that the at Barneys were like
yeah held on a commanding guy alright
this is gonna be fun I wish you could
come with us we're gonna be using this
bad boy right here and this bad boy and
then Jennifer there who's a really
awesome really awesome skateboarder and
- the girl is going to be doing all
Candice's stunts we shot this incredible
video with this like professional
skateboarder girl I can't like show all
that great footage in the vlog because
we made that for another movie so I'm
kind of struggling right now what to
show here's like a super quick montage
of some of the better shots I'm not
going to show the whole movie
all right that was Janice a stunt double
that was the last shot of the day we got
it
Jen can this is stunt double thank you
you're awesome you're way way way easier
to work with in her
look up okay thank you for everything
again this is awesome nice to meet you
yeah bye-bye thank you again where are
you running to
if we swapped out this stuff double back
for Candice got the shot with Candice
stunt double left that we're done this
are over have to get a couple of hours
of working at beam now I'm heading home
really excited to play with this footage
from today
