good right so what we're not allowed to
skateboard here at all might need a perm
meeting they're so engrossed no
skateboarding what you can do and you
can't have a tripod or stand out so I
recommend because this is a state pride
I understand you go into the next Park
Battery Park
behind-the-scenes beginning now we have
a lot to do not a lot of time I'm
shooting with my friend Jesse a really
ridiculously awesome Halloween video
Jack over here is preparing the three
axis gimbal how's it coming it's coming
it's not coming this is the three axis
gimbal this thing makes everything look
beautiful it provides like the craziest
steadiest most amazing shots it's just
like it takes a little prep a little
hard to use okay now I have to build our
main prop before Jesse gets here
that's the frame there it's construction
is now complete I want to tape up all
the joints to make sure nothing
accidentally comes unplugged and then
we've to attach that to the skateboard
okay red tape reinforcement is done I'm
dizzy
man nothing up and running or Wat we're
almost there it's all about the
stabilization is it stable
whoa in front Abel nice work what needs
to happen now I need a method to attach
this gigantic red frame to the boosted
board I'm going to appropriate these
mending plates here and bend them so
they're fixed to the board and then the
frame can be popped on and off this is
going to require some custom metal work
I'm thinking this will do it I'm going
to attach this the booster board test it
out okay cool
now we just need Jessi to show up with
the rest of the supplies he should be
here soon
no I forgot to remove what you do you
get this stuff ready I'm gonna go get
the red fabric hanging to the fabric
store now you need some fabrics for our
prop Jesse was supposed to do this but
he failed his mission Jesse I got your
back whoa this store is crazy
why I have two yards of this please okay
perfect thank you thank you hey go thank
you sir
all right thank you got it
how you doing man got what I needed this
is the finishing touch Jesse back yet
you came in he left we have to attach
the fabric to the frame and it's got to
be strong zip ties zip ties
oh yeah what do you mean that was easy
you know the idea how hard I've been
working on this Kathy Casey was you're
amazing look if I would've done it think
would have fell apart when we took it
outside
Jessi will count on there buddy get
dressed under me I'll go show you the
world
you look ridiculous or see the hop up
see the Hat Jesse so hard it lets you go
ladder
I like you're nothing but Aladdin right
now all right moment real moment of
truth here it's little adding he's your
man ha ha ha wait for you a message
great
alright sorry so impressed dude does it
feel right it's gonna many people gonna
flipping out when I see this like right
by them yeah let's go
so you're probably gonna stay in one
spot and just get us it's the best you
can hear I mean yeah let's go
we got some good shots the board's still
alive
yes he's still alive
that doesn't make any damn sense and you
look at that what do you think I'm sorry
so doe what how it looks like it's
flirty yo how you doing man
Oh
I think we're done with the shoot we
just got attacked by all your gonna
trouble by some kids who are in school
right now bye guys thanks for the love
stay in school
I think the battery is dead on the
skateboard I feel like we got it I think
there's some more shots we should get
but we're out of batteries across the
board I think you're gonna be surprised
I said how much good stuff we don't know
I looked at some of that photos it looks
amazing it's good it looks crispy but
the truth is we got everything we need
right now a hundred percent but that's
not the kind of guys we are we're gonna
push it so we're doing a costume change
Jesse's taking off the Aladdin outfit
I'm gonna be Jesse stunt double I'm
putting on you Latin outfit and Jesse
sending up the drone which is like
completely illegal in New York City is
gonna be good I know we did it no one's
gonna know I should slip back my hair
this morning to look more like Jesse we
are now in location as you can see I
assumed the role of Aladdin this is
we're going to fly the drone see we
can't risk people and we can't risk
arrest
so we're thinking this is fairly
discreet here we're gonna be able to get
the thing in the air how long did it
take you to get this thing up three
minutes
and then we got to talk to like where
you want me to go with the trajectory is
the whole thing okay let me take a lens
cap off the camera yeah
all right drone session here we go a few
moments later it was so scary because
with it with a drone it goes off beep
GPS signal to keep it stationary so if
the wind blows it stays there kept
losing it so the wind just would take it
straight out of building I couldn't like
figure out which way I was going it was
scary so Jesse did you get the shot
gunshot love oh yeah a lot of people are
all looking at you I started losing
control right there I was like trying to
keep you in frame I'm like trying oh we
got it all right Jesse that is a wrap
got it we got it
Oh this video is live on Jesse Channel
right now I linked here links they're
linked here go check it out no special
Thank You Casey man they built that
thing still especially shot on Stacey
man make sure you give him lots of love
all my peeps I made it over this video
show them some love subscribe the dudes
of Jesus look at this
we made a magic card it still hold up it
still held up
Wow
