right now I'm pretending to vlog for
these YouTube camera people
good to be back in New York City scan
that board exam gursky morning hey just
texting me to say what's up now I'm back
in New York City Casey oh good to see
you might welcome back to New York City
good to see you thank you for scaring me
but later dude it's hard it's not that
far
yes
last week I did a video called Casey's
guide to filmmaking or vlogging or
something like that people seem to
really like it I want to continue with
that vein today and talk about vlogging
cameras let me start by saying this now
for the longest time
vlogging was done like this you'd have a
point-and-shoot like this and you hold
it out and you talk into it like that
I used to vlog like that then Brown fun
for Louie they really like those guys
are amazing with what they do maybe
still do with their point-and-shoot now
when I started vlogging I aspired to be
like then and using my point-and-shoot
like this then I had some sort of maybe
Khalid an epiphany it was an accident
but I remember exactly the vlog that it
happened in I was bringing my big SLR
with a proper microphone on it to go
visit Candace to do a shoot with her and
I had it in my hand on a gorilla pod and
I was like let me just try talking into
this and that was the first time ever
because the first time a blogger used a
setup like this and now I see a lot of
others do it using a setup like this
that is like some version of an SLR on
this curvy gorilla pod using a proper
microphone and I think it's awesome
because the quality is so much better
that the picture is so much better but I
just want to be clear about one thing
from now until the dawn of time anyone
you see using a rig like this know that
I did it first and today I want to talk
about what could potentially be the
future of vlogging cameras and that's
what's in this box so this is kind of
like an unboxing video it's not going to
be like a full review because I need
some time to get used to this but I'm
psyched to check it out and share it
first here
this looks like a case for a tiny little
guitar whoa
it's not it's not broken I have to go
back home uh I didn't break it but I am
going to have to spend some time with
this and read the manual and figure out
how to actually use it before which I'm
looking forward to doing it looks pretty
rad I should also say that this is not
in any way an endorsement of this thing
this is also not a sponsored post or
branded content or any of those buzzy
like Adwords I'm typically very
skeptical of new technology especially
when it's this crazy but I'm psyched to
check this thing out I know today is an
unboxing vlog and not a regular vlog but
I totally forgot I'm doing this big
interview with all these YouTube folks
behind me that's a microphone camera
guys interview this is security over
here Rowland
Casey nice net ready enemy to clap or
anything I can you go ahead and clap one
time okay we just wrapped we just
wrapped the interview how'd it go
great amazing yeah but then I got a kick
you guys out of here cuz I gotta finish
my unboxing vlog today I'm trying here
it's fully charged I've been trying to
get this thing running for quite a while
now
I haven't had luck yet in order to use
the app which is essential to use the
camera you have to first register and
right now like it won't let me register
I really wish there was a way to use
this without having to register that
over their social network is that's
frustrating okay I'm gonna get back to
trying to figure this is why I hate
hardware that requires an app to run it
I have it on now okay I really like this
if you hold your finger down then you
move this around you can get it to fix
on whatever you want there's the camera
anyway yeah I'm going to shoot on this
now
okay this thing is incredible it's
amazing this is next level and this is
the future what this is not I don't see
this yet as like the end-all be-all
vlogging camera which is what I really
hope for all the struggles that I have
with it including my freakout when I was
trying to all of those are overcome a
bull because I do that every time I get
something new I'm sure that I'll get
really good at this and I'm going to
continue to use it a few years ago a
Steadicam was this huge thing you had to
attach to your body and now I have like
two three access gimble's that's one
right there they're incredible for
steady camera shops and now this like
that is insane alright very very
impressive piece of hardware this looks
more like the future of cameras than
anything else I've ever worked with and
I look forward to really getting into it
alright I had to get out of here really
gets me excited for where camera
technology is headed especially camera
technology you can hold in one hand
that's made for vlog
so I'm gonna play with that thing a lot
more this week and I'll give like a
proper of you once I've had some time to
really get to know it
hi I'm Spiros and you follow me on being
because I live in create an island on
Greece and you should follow me if you
want to see beautiful places here in
Crete
