you will not break it a little chubby
Casey you never know you might hurt that
wall but you won't those rings will not
fall what should the theme be today all
right I got something just before I get
into the Q&A today this thing just
happened and it's happened to me before
and every time it's super crazy
frustrating but what happens is on the
side of your memory card of your SD card
there's this little switch that makes it
so you can't record over it it's called
like a write protection stretch see
there's like a little lock button right
there okay and when you insert it into
the let me just show you here's where
the memory card goes in here's the
memory card the lock switch is right
there as you slide it in that switch
gets locked and then you go to record
that's super frustrating here's a little
modification that I'm going to do for
the first time now as a completely
reckless and irresponsible experiment to
show you how to prevent that from
happening
I give this modification a very strong
do not try at home recommendation you're
gonna need a little bit of hot glue and
then some fire you want to melt just a
little bit of it you don't need too much
that's good you take your memory card
and you want it up just a little bit
right
okay now the spot where the slider would
normally go into has been filled up with
hot glue but there's one last important
step you have to take a razor blade and
cut away all the excess hot glue because
this is like a precision memory card the
size of it is very precise it has to go
into your camera into what is like into
what is like a very very narrow slot so
any excess glue will like gunk it up and
also will prevent it from sliding in and
out smoothly that's what she said this
is a little bit easier than you'd think
but you really want to be careful here
okay I think it's done now it slides
smoothly in and out without any chance
of it getting caught on that stupid
little switch which has no business
being there in the first place now I can
start the QA Casey I'm outside okay not
gonna start the QA just yet um this
week's Q&A special guest is arrived he's
just outside let's go get him
nicey-nice that was meteor homie with my
buddy to see you again man welcome you
need a tour I definitely need a tour of
this place okay why don't you to ask me
questions I'll answer my eyes are I want
to know what this is what does this mean
so every one of these pictures up here
the ones that lie on the top each one of
those drawings over here all these ones
up top here these are all animations
from my movies a lot of them like the
one you just pointed out this is for me
one the taxi one was for a movie I made
for the New York Times called thirteen
thousand two hundred thirty eight
dollars and 86 cents left in a taxi I
will link that movie below and link it
right here I was going to title my movie
that but you already took us i how about
how long have you been in here I've been
here for like 13 years okay hang on
these yeah of course dude I love these
things
hey you get up there gladly try to
muscle up
oh goodness why break it you will not
break it I'm a little chubby Casey oh my
gosh wait a minute stay up there come
back hold on guys
important thing what I present
aconcagua aconcagua was the tallest
mountain in the southern hemisphere and
I climbed it a few years ago and I came
back my brother van made me that
gigantic painting why are you such a
go-getter what in your life caused you
to be so unique to like do all this cool
stuff you know I don't know the answer
to that question I think it's a harder
question I think it's like that is sort
of a process of life as a decision you
never wake out you're like I want to do
this but throughout life you know what
the biggest motivator is people telling
me no or that I couldn't do it well
that's what pushes interest dude you
ready to start this Q&A or what let's a
some cute
okay now we can finally start the QA
this week's theme of my hair it looks
good we put the hat on
well yeah umm this is a shameless plug
for Shankar's company trixin check it
out
you wanna see the app I just downloaded
beam and it sticks out way better than
the snapchat thing I like that you
shameless plug me I shameless plug you I
scratch okay this for those of you who
don't know although I can't imagine
there's any of you don't know who this
guy is
this is Shay Carl he is one of the
original bloggers on YouTube he's like
the how many views all in how many of
you well on the Shaytards are about to
hit two billion but billion with a be
hold on a sec that doesn't get pranked
err
oh sorry walkie talkies like my
superintendent walkie talkie okay two
billion views it's incredibly like super
positive uplifting optimistic vlogging
that has had a huge impact on the way
that I share stories from my life in my
family oh thanks man so the vlog theme
that I asked for today was asked his
questions about family / vlogging and
we're using Twitter video because
everybody seemed to like that from last
week I'm just gonna Center you I feel
like there's a little bit too much a/c
and not quite enough there's never
enough casing okay here we go first
question coming from any Duff that's my
daughter's name hi I'm Emily and what's
the hardest part about putting your life
on the internet every single day
question we were just talking about this
off-camera it's scary it's scary to like
because we all have weaknesses right we
all have things that we do or like or
say that other people might not think is
as good as you think so it's hard to
really open yourself up because you feel
vulnerable it's like what if those
things I think and say or do aren't cool
like what if people don't like me
because of those things so it's hard to
have that self-confidence to be able to
like this is me I don't care what you
think about it but this is really Who I
am okay next question from Dave hey do
you or Shay ever have family members or
friends complaining about you guys
blogging constantly if that happens what
do you guys do to deal with it I mean I
think it's the same for me it's the same
for family members friends or even
strangers which is if somebody is
uncomfortable or doesn't want it at all
you just don't do it nope
and that's true especially for Candace
everybody's like Candace hates being in
the blog if Candace ever says I don't
want to be in we just don't shoot it why
would you guys be if you won't making
YouTube videos where would we be if
we're making YouTube videos a manual
labor factory punch in the clock
somewhere hating my existence until I
retired this question is from a girl
named Gigi Shay do you ever get tired of
logging every day that question was for
you my friend um I don't vlog every day
I did vlog every day for five years now
I'm like three or four days a week but
it's hard because there's some times
where you're like I just don't
I want to lay around the house all day
long where I don't feel like being in a
good mood alright next question from
Brittany his nice friend Poisson which I
told graduate day okay some object I'm
at me but this question is for Casey how
long are you going to be vlogging are
you going to continue to keep longing
after a year let us know I saw a video
where he said you're never gonna stop I
did I say that he said you promise you
say you'll never stop vlogging guys Ryan
leave in the comments he said that
Brittany um great question I said in my
very first vlog that I would keep
blogging until it stopped being
interesting and do you know Ben Brown
the vlogger yeah then is a great friend
a tremendously brilliant blogger you
should follow him by the way I only been
below um been said to me something
really interesting what he said was he
was like I know what happens if I keep
vlogging but I don't know what happens
if I stop vlog that's a good thing and
when he said that it just shook me up it
was like my life everything I do is
gotten so much better since I've gone
down this road I feel like I'm much more
productive effective better human being
because I'm forced to sort of examine my
own life every day and I really like
that to stop is an unknown that I just
I'm not curious about right now I feel
like I'm standing at the bottom of a
gigantic mountain looking up but I don't
want to stop until I'm standing at the
top hum I get that as a tattoo on my
back this next question is from captain
ahmed and captain ahmed we can't figure
out what country or military force you
serve in but um let us know let us know
well blogging i don't know but i made a
movie about when Francine was born and
when I was making it like it felt fairly
inconsequential like it was just a crazy
day trying to make it to the hospital in
time and I filmed it and I even edited
the video in Kansas and I watched and it
was so cute to have this moment of our
daughter being born and now she's like
almost a year old and I played that
movie last week or two weeks ago for a
big audience and like like crushed me it
crushed me so having these movies I've
made 10 movies about Owen in my
relationship with own having
these movies that capture a moment in my
life as a parent or as a husband a
moment that if I didn't create YouTube
videos I wouldn't have otherwise
whatever is to me like that is the most
fantastic like dude we gotta end this
let me just give a quick disclaimer for
Shay I'm going to edit you and take you
out of context to make this vlog move
more quickly find me more exciting so
I'll try not to mischaracterize who you
are thank you I appreciate that
okay tune in next week for more vlog q
and A's with other awesome people not
that I'm awesome I just don't cut
yourself short man you are also books
hey guys my name is Rafa I'm an
international school teacher and
photographer filmmaker living in Tianjin
China Tianjin China yes that's right
if you've been watching the news you
would have heard about a month ago that
there was a giant explosion that
happened here how close was I let's just
say I was pretty close like this is my
apartment close like this is my face
close I have a lot of blood anyway if
you guys want to check out more of my
adventures search for Vava on beam
that's V a FA see you guys later
