what would you wake up to hours ago I
was even doing
yeah you know it cappuccino
thank you
anybody hair I want to look nice when I
arrived in Turkey never been to Turkey
before don't want the Turkish people if
you know a slob I don't know what time
it is because we've changed time zones
like ten times but we are coming in for
a landing
in Istanbul Turkey right now ready ready
great I'm ready goodbye goodbye thank
you goodbye thank you i holler the one
time I don't bring a skateboard I don't
know what the local time is I think it's
like five four times as you know it's
like 5 p.m. here in turkey in New York
time it's like 8 a.m. so we're a little
bit so we're a little bit like
discombobulated right now all good
easiest thing I've ever done
ah oh hi Ellen
hi
how do you say thank you in Turkish it's
Tessa Gauri Daris
I'm sorry I didn't say she coded Arab
yeah that's like six syllables
oh please stop
okay dark now but I think we're at the
hotel
food welcomes her again how much her
flight it was great great flight awesome
guys we'll see in a second season ready
boy what is that they use engine ok we
finally made no tell there's a lot of
traffic it's pouring rain outside at
7:00 at night what do you want it up eat
I'm starving there's a few child thank
you thank you
are you ready okay let me just explain
last night we flew like nine and a half
hours plus a seven-hour time change
that's sixteen hours of a day that just
evaporated so today's entire vlog is
taking place inside of 16 minus 24 eight
hours and those eight hours are
nighttime so if it feels like today is
not a complete day on the vlog it's
because it's not it is only 33% of a
complete day what are you doing Sox
doing have you guys have been fitting it
I have
Oh
a little wet on a little bit by the way
I know that you're here to like show us
around and make sure we have a good time
but you're going to be in the vlog I
hope that's okay
yeah well it helps the vlog that little
house is locked so good for me your
pretty face is gonna drive major views I
hope so I'm gonna need to put you in a
bikini for the thumbnail
in my mind
Oh
I think a little weird let's go back
inside
oh did you see this
I can't tell her that you have the best
seat or the worst seat for that oh that
was one of the more interesting dining
experiences I've ever had we're gonna
climb up a fire escape now in the
pouring rain onto the top of this
building
Lemon
thank
I
to learn that that was the most P @reply
screams to player I've ever seen
it is 12:30 midnight 30 we are headed
back to the hotel thank you back at the
hotel it's still raining I was sound
asleep with our see tomorrow I'm gonna
have to bye see you later thank you for
everything
good night see you in the morning I live
in Auckland New Zealand the land of the
long white cloud and you should follow
me on beam because I'm not sure how many
people in New Zealand have beam yet and
I want some friends I need some people
to follow and I want people to see some
beams so my name is Paul miners on beam
and I just beam about cool stuff that I
see and the beautiful New Zealand
country so check out this view
that's the beautiful auckland city see
you guys
