today's episode today's episode begins
at the airport
I didn't get my run in this morning so I
brought my running shoes with me
Cleveland Ohio today to speak in a
conference but I want to talk about
where I left off yesterday's video well
all right thank you bye what happened
Disney 4 is canceled no I guess I should
start by explaining the neck brace are
you ready
don't forget to lean I don't think it
was entirely my fault
so yeah cruise the trip everything
officially canceled now in the grand
scheme of things it's not such a big
deal this is a fun family holiday I just
don't like letting down the baby we
promised her a trip to see Mickey Mouse
and now well she's gonna be disappointed
hello ladies be 55
I thought you want to be in my movie
okay
yeah that's a bummer but we're not
giving up on the family trip we're
simply trying to figure out how to
salvage the fact that the whole family
had planned and organized to be together
this weekend even though we can't go to
Florida maybe we can figure something
else out
thank you
my lady sorry thank you
geez yes I've been holding up the plane
my apologies everyone
thank you
it's a pretty pretty quick 1-hour play
completely
this might be the worst-smelling
airplane bathroom I am please remain
seated with your seatbelts man hey so so
what's the plan work thank you we're
gonna go to and this is this is
Disneyland in Los Angeles we're still
very much so trying to get to Mickey
Mouse for Francini but because we have
like one day notice booking at
Disneyland in California is like
insanely expensive trying to figure this
out look at this amazing oh man what is
this word word oh that's uh John Paul's
handiwork for those of you who don't
know pre and EC this is grand easy
hey guys good friend mountain climbing
partner and resident of Cleveland Ohio
where are we pinch down I talked about
this last year house in Cleveland but
this neighborhood hinge town hinge town
is a neighborhood that Graham kind of
invented and built is that fair it's
fair it was kind of like there wasn't
much in this neighborhood and then this
guy came in and started building is that
your construction No so we'll do 150 on
this surface parking so when you come in
here your building right here then this
is our new house print shop this is your
building yeah yeah then so this is your
development and this is your place back
whoa look at your view you drink this
while you sleep grab yeah always just
non-stop Graham on top of being a real
estate developer is that right
neighborhood developer yeah Dave were a
developer this is his new startup it's
called man can wine its canned wine I
like that you drink it in bedroom yeah
look at this place yeah I did get up at
like I was up at 4:00 this morning but I
had to leave the house early to make the
flight didn't get the run in Graham here
is one of the people who got me into
running got me into running 11 years ago
so we're gonna go for a we're gonna go
for a little bit of a Cleveland run
right now
okay I'll take like three four four
point two there we go
we've run it the largest contiguous
urban farm in America that's the largest
contiguous service bar in America graham
built it yeah
Graham runs fast that was a good short
cleveland run right there thanks to the
tour grab lunch lunch Nate's deli that's
my favorite hey dude hey I'm Casey
thanks to see a good time hey guys
hi hey like Ray Liotta in Goodfellas you
walking straight through the kitchen
ground is it best
oh my union delegate all right that's it
now we enter the city of Cleveland Ram
here is dropping me off at this event
called content marketing world that's
what I'm speaking at it I was supposed
to be there a couple of hours ago they
hadn't actually scheduled a run for me
and they texted me they're a little bit
freaking out that I haven't arrived yet
but uh fine we got those miles and easy
perfect day that woman right there he is
definitely waiting for me hi that's me
oh that issues see you nice @kc nice to
meet you Samantha oh yeah
Graham good to see you thank you for the
run and the lunch so this is where I'll
be talking it's a lot of chairs this is
the green room check this out Andy
sound check those are my videos there
yes this works okay thank you I ate all
the candy my setups get out there
somebody else is talking now and then
it's my turn to talk
thank you
I can never tell I can never tell if I
do a good job at those talks or I'm just
terrible I gotta get on this plane
would like to welcome you does it work
you later thank you so that's it I'm
back in New York City now still unsure
what's gonna happen with our family trip
but uh tune in tomorrow to find out
you
