around here yo yo last night we worked
pretty late at bean and I noticed
everyone was getting a little grumpy so
I ordered a whole bunch of pizzas and
then everybody got really happy I kind
of connected the dots and I had an idea
for this morning to maintain that level
of happiness
Toki's have two dozen of your finest
donuts nope that'll do it thank you have
a nice day if this doesn't make
everybody happy I you know I don't know
I just I give up I don't understand
corporate management also this was not
sponsored at all by Dunkin Donuts
in fact $20 for two dozen donuts seems a
little on the pricey side to me Dunkin
Donuts
I'm good how are you I don't whoa what's
that about
yeah I just noticed how happy the people
made everyone last night and so you
decided these were for me
it's working
it's working in today's vlog I'm gonna
make another pair of custom sunglasses
because I think it's time that I give up
on finding mine it's just I don't feel
the same without my normal custom shades
on and on top of that like there's this
comment on yesterday's vlog dear Casey
you look weird in those glasses you
should just make another pair of your
custom glasses and I think that I think
that's a really whoever said that it's
like really insightful and smart so I
should just understand make another pair
of shades yeah cuz I have a pair of
these please I don't need like a box or
anything I already just taken this is
just for the warranty I'm gonna void
that warranty for the days over
okay did you want to wear them or you
wanted to take them just like that are
we cool yeah I came here avenue to
receive thank you before I get started
with this video please know that I've
made like a really awesome video about a
year and a half ago or something that
explains the history of my custom-made
sunglasses like how the design came to
be you should watch that you can watch
it right here or you can click right
here or you can click on the link below
it's an awesome movie to make these
glasses look really awesome you have to
do some serious work first of all you
can't use whiteout I don't know why
everybody thinks I just squirt whiteout
that's not how you do it really needs to
look like these things or these things
have like survived some sort of horrific
paint explosion disaster to give it that
like really deep good look step one is
to remove the Ray Ban logo off the side
of these ray-ban Wayfarers Ray Ban
an incredible product like old legacy
product it's amazing these glasses are
so high-quality
but their branding might be the worst
ever so Ray Ban the company you make
something amazing your product top-notch
whatever ad agency has rave and the
campaign sucks it sucks it's lame it
makes me so embarrassed to own a pair of
ray-bans that I scrape rave and off of
the glasses so people won't know that
they're Ray Bans the key to cool is that
you should not to tell someone you're
cool if you have to tell someone you're
cool you're immediately not cool stop
convincing people these are cool and
just be cool
they are cool you don't have to tell me
they're cool the whole never hide
campaign is a disaster you should can
the entire thing all right let's get
started
step 1 removing the Ray Ban logo since
already took the logo off this parama
wear them for eye protection I recommend
using something a little bit more umph
this is an angle grinder now you can see
how the Ray Ban logo has been scraped
off in its entirety
I take an oil-based paint marker here
and I just fill in where it says Raven
with this oil-based paint and when that
dries that will fill in like the crevice
where the logo once was in that way when
the white paint chips which we want it
to do
it will never reveal the Raven logo you
also have to remove the Raven logo from
the lens you want a sharp knife and you
just find a scrape looks clean try not
to scratch the lens now we paint primer
absorbs dirt and that's what you want
and then that's it now we just wait for
that paint to dry 2 hours later so these
are dry enough now I take a popsicle
stick and now I just like attack it and
scrape off the paint
not like that
like scrape it often yeah that looks
good all right I've been scratching for
days here these are pretty much looking
good
it'll take a little time before they
look a little bit more natural wearing
black pants while you do this is never a
good idea the last thing I'm going to do
is I will engrave my name and phone
number right there on the side
after you engrave it you do take the
white out you fill it up with white out
paint wipe off the paint that's so good
I put my phone number on there and then
write the same thing on the other side
for style points I put that on there
pretty good huh
all right gentlemen I'm out of here
say it easy take it easy are the people
outside there's two good Wow that's me
nice to meet you tell time I said what's
up jack till tomorrow well you knew
all right leaving work headed home now I
did want to plug tomorrow's vlog though
ah tomorrow's vlog will be uploaded very
late so we're you sociopaths to wake up
at 8 a.m. to see the vlog don't sleep in
it's going to be late but the next 3 4 3
something like that days are going to be
some next-level stuff happening on this
blog hi honey
hey guys uh Nico why you guys should
follow me on beam is because I live in
Miami and we have the best sunrises and
sunsets and I wake up pretty early so
I'll show you them um I also have some
pretty funny friends I'm on the swim
team sometimes I showed that and overall
I just have a pretty chill lifestyle so
yeah follow me please
sneak out 10 2698 it's probably not the
best but it's in beam color so Nico 1026
98 thanks guys but
