okay no more questions
Q&A is over thank you for your video
questions they're really awesome I think
it made this week's Q&A really more
interesting
it's cold outside this is going to be
short
okay that was like seven miles I know I
don't usually do this in the morning but
today we're gonna have to do it in the
morning hey Twitter want to try
something new today for the Q&A send me
back your Q&A questions in the form of
Twitter video so I can then I usually
don't shoot the Q&A first thing in the
morning it's like 9 o'clock right now
but I'm going to the dentist today and
I'm genuinely concerned that they're
gonna like yank out half of my teeth and
then I won't be able to speak for the
rest of the day so I'm doing it right
now please for the rest of your life
where would it be and why that's a great
question because I honestly do not have
an answer I know it's a bit of a cop-out
this is called Q&A not Q and na so much
of my life and ambitions and dreams and
goals have always included me moving
always being on the go I think life is
like it's like a book and you have these
chapters in your book and for me a
really nice like bookend to those
chapters is where I'm living so the idea
of staying still forever is absolutely
terrifying for me
Kacie do you have any desire to come to
Australia you know considering I've
traveled this world like a dozen times
over and I've been to places like
Afghanistan and just some weird weird
sub-saharian like desolate locations and
all over the middle I've never been on
the continent of Australia so the short
answer is yes I really want to go I
think what I'm waiting for which is a
good excuse to get to Australia but I
promise you I will be there soon not
soon I promise you I will be there
someday
where are your normal sunglasses okay
first of all Rob very cute baby
Francine eats those little squeezy
organic baby food ripoff things - good
question I'm wearing my backup glasses
today because uh I don't know where my
sunglasses are Q&N with videos awesome
all right this is what you call nepotism
cue a because this isn't even a good
question what up Casey my question for
you is have you tried soil in 2.0 yet
I'm not even answer that Sam I just
wanted to put you in the vlog because he
sent me a video
hey Roz I see you take a like or a seam
line what is up with this autofocus like
literally music will bring me to tears
like there are songs that I'll hear that
just bring you back to being a kid music
affects me tremendously and I listen to
music all the time I'm not like a big
music head if you asked me to name my 10
favorite artists I probably couldn't
I've been to like two concerts in my
entire life I will say that are Kelly's
I believe I can fly is an incredible
song that if you just put your
headphones on and listen to and really
get into is absolutely magical
you just have to like let go of all of
the goofiness that is associated with
that song I believe I can fly hey Casey
I just want to know how long did it take
to design em do it to be mad Oh
how long did it take to design and build
beam you know like from nothing to the
beta version that we launched with in
July it took about a year you never
finished designing or building a
technology product or a piece of
software it's like fashion it's never
done it's just always changing and
always evolving to adapt to people's
needs and things like that you ever get
the equivalent of filmmaking or editing
writer's block when making your vlogs
the short answer is no never on the
vlogs I have in films past I still have
movies that I haven't finished I started
years ago this vlog has been like X
lakhs for my brain when it comes to
writer's block
I'm kind of shut down dreams and Jack it
down and for those of you who don't
speak British this young lady named Mel
just asked me how do you get past people
trying to drag you down and mess with
your dreams and stuff people who have
given up on their own personal dreams
and aspirations have a tendency to try
to convince you and discourage you from
pursuing your dreams and aspirations
so getting past that for me was just
like a confidence or an arrogance that
you have to find that says I'm right I
trust my instincts more than I do these
external forces other people that are
trying to push me down that's a more
didactic way of saying like you just
have to believe in yourself and that
sounds cheesy but that's the truth
because if you believe in yourself like
who gives a what anybody says or
tries to do they're wrong you're right
now go get them
oh sorry I have to speak in English
Natalia my question is how can I guess
how do you get subscribers for YouTube
channel that is a million-dollar
question what is your name Italian man I
mean how do you get subscribers man
that's a stumper for me it's easier to
get subscribers once you've picked up a
little that's not even nice to say I
don't know the answer to that question
and I'm really sorry that I don't know
the answer to that question okay video
is really fun thank you guys as always
for your questions more Q&A next week
time to go to the dentist right now
you're probably asking hey why is there
no audio with this I can't hear at
Casey's saying yeah I'm asking myself
the same question why isn't there a
microphone that's 100% reliable all the
time I really like rode microphones I
don't mean to throw them out of the bus
I'm sure this is my fault but still oh
this is like a really funny scene I went
the dentist it was terrible I saw
Candace there that was lovely
she was all funny and goofy about a
bunch of stuff
and you guys realize like Candace never
smiles she's never happy look how happy
she is and she was saying fun stuff but
you'll never know she was saying fun
stuff because that used to be a
microphone and it failed me sorry the
end of this vlog sucked
hi I'm Hillary and I'm a beam mom but
what makes a regular mama Bhima well I
have two kids one husband one tarantula
and one white poodle and we live in Fort
Collins Colorado if you follow me on
beam you'll see cool stuff like me
drinking wine and playing with my kids
driving them to activities drinking wine
with my friends and failing at mini mini
Pinterest projects so follow me on beam
username pill bug look
