yeah I really like this building I work
in
today is Candace's birthday do you want
to wish her happy birthday just like Joe
on Instagram or something and tell her
happy birthday I gave her all her
presents this morning I'd set out a
scale of like home run to divorce
particularly Monday Monday so today
started out with Candace's birthday with
this she woke up this morning I had some
presents laid out for her they were nice
presents but not great presents you see
marriage is more of a marathon than a
sprint so you want to pace yourself
pacing is the key cuz marriage is
forever with that when it comes to
birthdays there's a scale that starts at
I thought you loved me and it goes all
the way to this was the best birthday
ever the sweet spot is right here in the
middle where she's pleased she's excited
about your enthusiasm and effort but
she's not overwhelmed otherwise you're
setting yourself up for disappointment
when it comes to future birthdays then a
heading into the office here as early as
possible
because we're doing some totally
ridiculously awesome with beam it comes
out soon it's still like a few weeks
maybe a month or so away but like some
next-level stuff the New York Observer
is doing a story about power couples and
it's about me and the work I'm doing it
beam and it's about Candace and the work
she's doing at her jewelry company the
photo shoot that's a camera the photo
shoot for that is this afternoon I'm
gonna do some 360 video stuff with this
guy Griffin but he is like an expert
when it comes to 360 video and he's
really gonna school me as to how to use
my
this contraption because even though I
bought this like one more a month ago
now I celeb figure it out at all how to
use this and that's kind of the workday
I'm taking Candice out to dinner tonight
and that's extremely important because
so weird a has to end special that's my
responsibility hence our dinner here
we've got a babysitter and that's my day
know why in particular today is kind of
stressing me out but
did you say name-brand KC those are
yours yeah I think she's here
glad you could make it birthday girl
how's your birthday going for you your
birthday for me is awesome are we gonna
keep interviewing okay keep interviewing
I just didn't want to interrupt do you
remember the first moment you had about
the idea of bheem
how's my hair what is flat mean so why
don't you I stand here and using
violence report this is a still photo so
we're just posing right now for the
camera that's what's actually happen how
about now what now we got in here what
are you doing
did you know you needed oh you feel
solid yeah all right okay good
this completes the New York Observer
photo shoot
okay bye I feel better I'll see you
later why don't you take the stairs bye
Candace I'll see you in a couple hours
this is Griffin this is Zoey Griffin is
an expert when it comes to 360 video
Zoey's here for moral support what was I
doing wrong so you had it on to Kay
super super wide and it needs before
three how was I supposed to know that
yeah I know it's just super it's like
the same setting but one says S and one
doesn't say s what we're gonna do is
we're gonna go buy illegal counterfeit
purses and we're gonna shoot it in 360 I
don't know if this is going to work Zoe
is behind the camera because I'm could
you see that yep because I'm gonna be
manning this big thing so I'm not gonna
be vlogging I'm just shooting 360 Zoe
just looks like a tourist with my vlog
camera on her camera strap also I'm
wearing a microphone do you think I look
suspicious when I walk here
we're setting up the GoPro 360 rig now
inside of me 10 there were you ever
shoot outside so you got 1 2 3
they're all ready to roll says 6 ready
to go yep so you just hit the red button
and we're not having much luck here
trying to buy counterfeit purses because
this camera is so conspicuous they're
all all of the like illegal counterfeit
sales people are freaking out about it
what kinds you got what just happened
they got weirded out ok we're done we're
done with the counterfeit first buying
operation
it got very very scary at the end I was
scared for Casey's life there for a
second
we're surrounded by big dudes that are
counterfeit purse salesmen
and I just had the camera not like in
their face but I had it right next to
them and they were very aggressively
being like it wasn't in their face but
it was two feet and they were just like
telling me to put it down but I mean
technically I wasn't anything wrong I
was just trying to make a interesting
360 video about it
okay so he's got we're doing a 360
editing stitch tutorial this was the
thing I was trying to do last time when
I almost smashed all my 360 years I was
so frustrated what do I do now
so now you it so it says accurate sync
found so you go and apply Griffin and
Zoe just left I think I've really got a
hang of this 360 thing and the video we
shot today is insane
it's really awesome I don't know what
I'll have it done okay time to go home
Candice and I have a hot date tonight a
really fancy restaurant but I'm not
gonna film it so that's it
why follow me sometimes I wear funny
shoes I like green things and the
mountains I have security parents any
who follow me on being its Nathan hey
though na tha na hol but my
