I don't have any time lapses time lapse
eye time lapses I don't have any time
lapses left in my cache of time lapses
so I'm just out here shooting quick one
on my cell phone so I can get this vlog
put together
what's up Marlon
my favorite guys in the I'm you
yeah we're hanging out making movies
right how come you guys are making
movies that I'm not here man yeah we're
just waiting for you to show up I'm glad
you could get right outside man thank
you
she's like oh hi Marlon listen you gotta
sit on a twelvemonth we ought to catch
up right I know it's overdue there's
always weird things happening in New
York City especially in my neighborhood
this one though is really up there on
the grand scheme of weirdness
what are you doing oh we're coming
against down
this is awesome cuz he does he need help
he's good all right Casey yeah okay I
recognized you that's awesome yeah your
videos yeah
what are you guys using for fake blood
oh yeah we're with my you so are make it
go good luck bye guys
where you getting out here man you just
got some liquid lunch re wait are you on
a cleanse
no I just like ate some brush I know
that boy yes I'm going in practice see
you up there okay let's start the Q&A
yesterday's vlog was about like
filmmaking and making Internet videos
and things like that so today's Q&A is
going to be about that same thing things
I didn't cover in yesterday's video
about internet filmmaking okay first
question about internet filmmaking Casey
why do you wear two watches okay um yes
sometimes I wear two watches there's a
reason this is my Apple watch and this
is a regular watch Apple watch is
amazing but this is a leather band so I
try not to wear when I like go for runs
or go to the gym otherwise it'll stink
on top of that it's an Apple watch so I
have to charge it every 18 hours so
that's a lot of times when I have to
take this thing off I hate being without
a watch so I always have to take this
one off and then put this one on while
this one was off it just was like too
much keep track up so I just wear -
what's the big deal
I've got two wrists yeah people make
stuff what made you start making films
I started because unlike a run away and
a drop out and I just always had a felt
put down and when I started making
videos all of a sudden I felt
I had a means to share my ideas and that
was a really powerful feeling and that
is why I started making videos then
that's why I still make videos today
it's the only way where I feel really
confident in sharing my ideas and
perspectives at lovergirl 22 asked me
how do you develop your own style of
vlogging I develop my own style of
filmmaking because I never knew any
other way to do it I didn't have the
burden of an education to overcome to
create my own style and what that
literally means it's like if you're
taught to do things a certain way
say you're taught to do things the way
everyone else does them then all you
know is the way everyone else does them
but if you're never taught how to do it
anyway then you know where you want to
get to you're starting over here you
don't know the way you're supposed to
take when you're making a movie either
being unique or you're being averaged to
the average is to do things the way
you're supposed to do them that looks
like this if you're never taught this if
you're never taught the average way you
still need to get the finish line but
you don't know this way so you're forced
to define your own crazy path of getting
there you're on one side of the field
you need to get the other there's a path
you can take or you can be forced to
discover your own path and I was forced
to discover my own path which yielded my
style okay this guy asks what's the
point of most vlogs you can't honestly
say that they have artistic merit
narcissism question mark um what I think
it's kind of a different way to ask it
but to there has to be a certain level
of narcissism or ego involved in anyone
who thinks someone else did about
something they create whether you're a
photographer a journalist a writer any
person who makes something a chef you
have to first think someone else cares
about something I care about and that is
inherently narcissistic beyond that like
what is the artistic merit of vlogs like
are you kidding me like just zoom way
out and what is vlogging vlogging is one
person making a movie from their
perspective every day is a capturing and
sharing
humanity in a way that this medium has
never seen before and the profundity
that is that the impact that is that the
social and cultural impacts of this new
medium is entirely untold ultimately I
think time will tell what the social and
cultural significance of this new genre
called vlogging really is I'm betting
that it's huge
Emilio asks why you use that heavy
camera I use that camera because my
camera philosophy is to always use
whatever the best camera is I have at my
disposal so sometimes that's like only
my cell phone and that's good enough but
if I have access to this big camera that
I'm shooting on now which yields a very
nice image and it sounds good
I'm always going to use the biggest best
camera on a scale of 1 to 10 how much
you rate of logging making Internet
videos as a career I would put it in the
same spaces like if you want to be a
singer a painter if you want to be an
actor a musician if you want to work in
the creative space your likelihood of
succeeding in this space is about the
same as it is in any other space which
is to say it's extremely challenging
it's extremely competitive and success
is is elusive but the opportunity is
always there I feel awkward vlogging and
talking to my camera in public how do
you become so relaxed about it you've
got two choices Bjorn either you're
going to let what other people think
about you keep you from making something
or you're just going to save it and not
care what they think so you can make
something it's a pretty easy that's a
pretty easy question don't worry about
other people think what's the most
important thing you would say to a
beginner about filmmaking I would say
this generically to anyone who has a
dream or an aspiration in life which is
don't give up you will fail a thousand
times but then you'll succeed and most
people like to give up after they fail
because that's what it feels like that's
when you're supposed to give up like I
tried I failed time to quit I totally
disagree failure really happens when
you've decided that you don't want to
pursue that dream like that's the moment
of failure that's the point when you
turn the corner from on your way to
success to failing
okay I hope you enjoyed the Q&A today I
have to stop and get back to work
grab my bracelet back all right
that's my camera that's the lens what do
you see animal Romans soldier Knights
its army she ought to see some amazing
footage of myself mr. happy make sure
you follow me on beanie and Twitter at
brother Owens
