come on bye-bye bye-bye
supposed to meet this girl who I've
never met before from the New York Times
this morning for like a run I'm very
late to go meet her okay
did you get my message I say I was
running late I'm so sorry for being late
I'm Casey
Holly how's it god nice to see you I'm
like that ten millionth person to say it
am I in the blog you are in the vlog
you're not mad at me for being late
let's just run right yeah all right we
are just about done with our run on the
field so great I could keep going it's
beautiful yeah ah I got eight and a half
miles at like an eight twelve pace
that's not bad no I think he's ready
totally ready
yeah
you want some myself up up i do you want
some air cook up ups you can have some
of my cocoa puffs like from that bull
right there yeah you're gonna have like
one buddy so we're gonna swap out the
belt on this thing what I'm gonna show
you how to do is basically I'm gonna
walk through you're taking it all and
then the other one on the inside of the
axle where the bearing it's same to the
axle I'm like a medium smart guy but I
would say I'm like slightly above
average when it comes to taking things
apart but this instructional video is 16
minutes long so if I had to guess this
is going to be a complicated process
inside of the okay I wasn't able to fix
my boosted board before my meeting here
so I'm going to take my backup booster
door oh God
so I was trying to fix mine psycho
buster yeah I need your help fixing the
belt Jesse and I are headed to get lunch
now we are like hatching plans to do
something really awesome and it's going
to start with us I know let's do a star
oh that's meeting over lunch you're the
only person I know that can keep up with
me on boosted board Jesse ah apparently
though
lunch at the usual place
how's the one bagging like a biscuit
shot so we're cool after that terrible I
saw something else
right now we're meeting to go over this
movie project that Jesse and I are doing
together but when we came out of the
restaurant the sky is like crazy right
now like ghostbusters crazy so I want to
catch this time-lapse out here and then
we'll finish our meeting out here as
well
oh alright alright let's go
there's Nazi all right and I see you
take care walk right back to the studio
I never actually figured out how to
replace this belt Jessie's offering me a
Tuesday I'm the wrong guy for this job
oh my god hey one side of where the
spring sets rings yep this is a happy
hour dog
oh the patient through this the springs
is what worries me if I'm seven minutes
into the instructional and you don't
look like that how come he looks
different in you right now how do you
get the wheel off break inside his very
own progress is also a tiny watcher
things you want to take go to take a
wheel off you pull outwards pull
outwards
it's sort of I get stuck the best
version is to gently rotate it all right
we're stopped you got some planning to
do let's draw this out let's draw up
some schematic so what I'm thinking is
like a PVC pipe rig that we built that
goes around it and then the PVC pipe
like this one then we have like a
bracket that comes here is that gonna be
underneath I guess it has to be up in
here I was thinking on top to give extra
height I'm just trying to think where my
feet I guess I could just stand right on
top and we use plastic piping not metal
we can even attach it up here by the
trucks and then if it's up here it's
completely out of your weather the pipe
is that gonna be strong enough to hold
yeah I'm gonna believe that but what are
we doing this this week I want to feel
good about it what you got I had a
different idea what to do and I knew if
I brought it to you you'd like no
there's a better way that's it good
I'm excited and what
slow I hate to keep secrets but this is
for Jessie's video so if the respect is
his request prefer for discretion here
but it's a good enough idea that like
you won't be upset when you see it's
such a fun concept letter Jackson
trying to figure this out this doesn't
make any food
I hate stories that don't have happy
endings but I broke it this wire here
connects to some sort of sensor and I
definitely just tore it in half also I
put both the wheels back on I have these
two parts left over so this boosted
board is going to be permanently retired
and moving forward I will now only have
one boosted board this one was my
favorite - this is boosted board one
okay
so frustrated about that boosted board
alright I just need a happy laughing
giggling fat little baby to cheer me up
hey sleepy time what's up guys my name
is Justin potentio and I like to make
stuff with cardboard so you should
totally follow me on beam if you'd like
to see some more things that I create or
behind the scenes of my youtube channel
also um maybe just to see me put boxes
on the head
you
