Julis forget your beer I didn't forget
it
it is bright and early on a Sunday
morning Owen went to work at 6:00 a.m.
this morning I'm driving to Mystic right
now to go for a run with two of my high
school buddies these guys are two of my
oldest friends
they're also total knuckleheads but
they're very serious runners these guys
both did an ultra marathon last weekend
that's a double marathon so that's
running a marathon and then instead of
stopping at the finish line just running
another marathon so pretty sure they're
gonna kick my ass this morning but I
kind of need that don't know what I'm
meeting these guys coming got your
shorts oh my god short so what are we
doing the boat again we're taking it to
fishers island all right let's get
Bowden dock I'm saying
this is the first run I've ever started
in a boat before Peter this is a
five-prime aye sir how are your um how
are your boat driving skills really good
hey congrats on the ultra by the lines
you too Joe Jesus man you guys killed a
it's a fun day
but bumpy ride Peter I think I think
she's handling the sea swells like I got
some good screw to fibers out here
anyway
just about at our destination of fishers
island where I guess we're going to park
the boat or whatever you would call that
and then we're gonna run around this
island
you know we gonna run soon Peter 10
minutes 20 minutes behind schedule
that ends easy with these guys nothing's
easy
all right like run begin
all right we are how far out are we
Peter we are six point eight four miles
Casey how long have we been running
about an hour
what's next Peter spot we're gonna run
through a country club okay let's do it
so we this is like a turnaround point
Peter where are we eight miles hey you
feeling gel good Peter go strong is that
great
we are at the halfway point now we're
about ten and a half miles out
we're taking like a two-second break
here for water heat some like weird
running goo and just because like you
can't come all the way out here and not
take a minute to look at this guy's this
is the new iPhone 6s and I got mine like
a week ago and then I broke it and I
took it back and got a brand new one
yesterday look at the screen that's do
that just happen just happened because I
set the camera up to shoot the hundred
time-lapse and it fell off the rock
that's a nasty break okay
you
we are at a grocery store we're like how
far we from the boat hopefully a mile or
less so we're just about double that run
we're stopping here so what do you guys
get it to refreshments sandwich maybe so
they can get there
how you feel good
nothing out of the usual
and show it
17.3 two miles average pace at 831 all
right not bad we wanted to do longer but
time is up his own is getting out of
work now and I don't want him I'd rather
hang out him and run what happened in
there nothing just hold
we're getting cheese burgers and
milkshakes did you get okay do you want
to get ice cream okay
what's up man headed back to the city
now Candace is there with the baby I'm
really excited about seeing both of
those girls
finally made it back to New York City
that was a particularly brutal Drive
with the traffic good to be back though
so guys my name is Bailey you can check
me out on be my name is Bayfield you
should follow me because I'm at VCU
School of the Arts you can see what it's
like to be an arts student and see what
it's like to live on a college campus
which I'm in a city that's my view right
now these are some people I have to live
with um yeah so just check me out and
yeah follow me on beam wait
