just want to give a little heads up I
know most of my vlogs were like fun and
family and adventure oriented today's
vlogs is going to be purely technical so
if you're not like a YouTube creator or
a filmmaker like somebody who likes to
make things or just don't give a shit
about cameras and stuff you're not gonna
be into today's vlog just skip it
stop watching check out tomorrow's vlog
we'll be back to normal
okay this vlog is gonna do that one
thing and one thing only Casey nice hats
guide to filmmaking so for all of you
out there who can't afford tuition to
NYU or other expensive film schools just
watch this video over and over over and
I promise you'll be all right let's
begin first let's talk about gear gear
doesn't matter
let me explain well before I get into
that let me just first defend myself
because right now there's a bunch of
people writing comments below that are
like easy for you to say you have all
these expensive cameras
that's very true I do but I didn't
always my HBO show which is one of the
biggest successes in like my mainstream
movie career was shot on this camera
this is even high-def this is shooting
on tape this is the video camera your
parents used to film you on for your
like third birthday and some of my
biggest videos like bike lanes bike
lanes was shot on this little camera
this thing what's this called this is a
Canon 300 HS you can buy these used on
Amazon for like 90 bucks if all it took
to be good was to have the right
equipment the people who had the most
money would always win
this isn't movie called pan it premiered
this weekend now if all it took to make
good stuff was to have the right
equipment trust me whoever made that
movie with their one hundred and fifty
five million dollar budget had way
better cameras than you could ever
afford this is China think Ont Canada
I'm just calling
when I was like 20 years old 21 years
old I was invited to the New York Film
Festival and I saw this movie here at
the New York Film Festival a huge huge
huge theater sold-out standing ovations
this is a movie called tarnation
it's pre-youtube it's like vlogging
before vlogging was even a consideration
this movie it won Best Documentary at
the National Society of Film Critics the
Independent Spirit Awards the Gotham
awards LA and London Film Festival's it
grossed over a million dollars in the
box office and it costs two hundred and
eighteen dollars and 32 cents to make
and it was edited using iMovie software
that's free editing software the gear
didn't matter for him and he made like
one of the most celebrated documentaries
of that entire year and that's what I
want to talk about now I want to talk
about storyteller okay before I get into
that here's a quick review of all of my
favorite video cameras this is Sean my
three year old galaxy s3 if you don't
have money for a camera just use your
cell phone cell phones are great this is
my iPhone if you only have like a
hundred bucks I highly recommend getting
whatever the cheapest point-and-shoot is
from Walmart this thing six years old I
think was like 150 bucks when I first
got it totally adequate if your budgets
closer to 300 bucks
I recommend the canon s120 that's what
this is it's a really solid camera I
used to shoot everything on this now a
lot of people say but if I had 300 bucks
why wouldn't I just get a GoPro GoPros
are incredible borderline miraculous
little devices but if you want to make
videos you're better off with a
point-and-shoot like this for one like
this these are just more dynamic you can
do more with something like this I
absolutely love GoPros but it's really
hard to watch like long videos
especially ones that aren't action
videos that are shot in GoPros if you
want the very best point shooter on the
market get the Sony rx100 mark 4 it's a
pretty amazing camera except for the
price it's like 900 bucks you're gonna
spend 900 bucks you'd be much better off
with one of these this is a
t-6s which is like the cheapest SLR you
can buy it has autofocus now you're
looking at my main shooter this is a
canon 70d with a wide-angle lens on
there
this camera is like 1,300 bucks that
lens is another 500 the microphones
another 200 all in this is like a $2,000
setup that you're looking at to get this
picture and this sound but if you want
to upgrade this image is from my Canon
5d Mark 3 with an L Series lens on there
so this is like a five or six thousand
dollar camera the difference between
this and a two thousand dollar camera is
like this the difference for a two
thousand dollar camera and there's six
hundred dollar cameras like this
this thing's okay it's about a hundred
bucks now if you spend $200 more and you
get one of these the quality goes way up
and the price only goes up a little bit
now if you spend 300 ollars more than
that you get one of these for 600 bucks
the quality goes way over here but the
price hasn't moved much now if you go
from 600 to 6,000 the price goes way up
and the quality only moves a little bit
as you spend more you get less and less
for your return
story story is all that matters
story is golden story sits the top of
that gigantic pyramid that is filmmaking
let me do another diagram
story is king everything serves the king
all of this is just here to serve the
story defining what a story is is really
really hard to do not sure there's
actually like a generic formula to
telling stories you have to find
something that an audience is interested
in and then share it with them in a way
that they're also interested in the only
way to learn these things and get better
at these things is by doing it over and
over and over we have all these tools
that enable us to create in ways that
are more accessible that are cheaper
that are more fair that's what excites
me the most I hope that was helpful for
you if you are an aspiring filmmaker
YouTube creator however you classify
yourself okay sup guys my name is
Anthony my team username is sky diver
and you should follow me because I'm
under canopy right now above Colorado
follow me remember my beam username is
skydiver
