crazy-good knew back in New York
quick run before I start the day I lost
my running headphones some Nazis they're
all sweaty awesome run ten point oh four
miles at a 7:34 pace and it started
pouring out halfway through my run this
isn't good and I ran into my friend Ruby
I ran into my friend Ruby what bye bye
I'll be back later VG don't be sad he
and this will be home tomorrow
Friday first normal day of the week but
I'm not running around traveling and I'm
especially looking forward to next week
where I have zero traveling and Candice
and Francine will be back in the city
today's Friday on Fridays we have all
team lunches where we talk about the app
and various ways to improve it
we just finished lunch it was sushi I
need to cut back on the candy eating
book it's just so delicious I want to do
a product review today I haven't done
one no overexpose I haven't done one in
a while but I want to get into it okay
go pro incredible device one of my
favorite camera is really just like
there's nothing in the action camera
spaces as good as a GoPro nobody's
questioning that so they sent me one of
these little guys the GoPro session and
I have to admit I was extremely
skeptical of it mainly because the way
that you focus the way that you like
interact change settings on this thing
is only through the mobile app and I
hate anything that requires use of a
mobile app because mobile apps just
never ever ever work so in any event
skeptical of this thing but I have to
say it has grown on me and now this is
like by far my favorite GoPro I've ever
owned look at how little it is the main
beef that I have with this thing is okay
it's a perfect cube so it's the same
size on all sides on top of that it's
black so it's the same color on all
sides so I've got a lot of shots that
I've done in this so I've got a bunch of
shots that I've done on this thing that
are either shot upside down or sideways
or the worst is shooting all this stuff
at the beach and I accidentally put it
in my mouth
lens first and then when I imported the
footage I was like what is this
disgusting pink mass I'm staring at
having down my throat was really yucky I
wish it were a different color I wish
there were more demarcations letting me
know which side is up and lastly because
it's all black and it lives in the
bottom of my backpack when it's in there
the thing is nearly impossible to find
is everything in here is black I think
you know where this is headed
I need to appropriate this thing I need
to change its color with that it's not
that complicated I'm just gonna first
tape over the glass on this thing
tape over the button and then that's
kind of it because the beauty of GoPros
is that they ship as pretty much
indestructible objects so I don't have
to worry about getting it into any of
the tracks like I would on like an
iPhone or something more precious not
that little sloppy but that's a bit tape
job is done that there is the lens
perfectly covered this is the record
button the little LCD screen and then I
went ahead and put arrows letting me
know which side is up on all the other
sides on the bottom there's an X that
way at a glance
I'll know what's up come on focus I just
want to give it a hard no recommend on
this here this here is the Tamron 10 to
24 wide-angle I got it because I broke
like five canons so I thought you can
run a try don't recommend it the thing
cannot focus X on the bottom that way at
a glance I'll always know which way is
up which way is down and what the
correct direction for the lens is
alright now it's time to paint it bean
green obviously
a great paint job multiple coats aren't
oh hey man
well lookie here I don't know if that
was rude no fills it up Phil DeFranco
you keep it stirred nary welcome bye
whoo oh my god I was like what smells
like paint oh yeah my apologies just
doing a little spray paint video here
that's awesome
sorry I'm gonna fanboy for a second so
you never seen say not in person no no
this school you should probably know
Phil is if you don't already Phil here
is a little bit of a legend on YouTube
he's been YouTube he's been like he is
like the original youtuber he's been
making videos since 2000 that's it two
thousand six two billion views yes I
think to point four I think that's crazy
but you did interrupt my spray paint job
I did I mess everything up I think it's
coming along pretty well it doesn't I
don't feel like I'm dying from fumes
anymore no the paint comes off paint
proof camera
it's gonna pour
and look at the how quick those clouds
are moving
you get something yeah where are they
going
let's talk a little laughs I have to be
on stage in like an hour and a half
they're gonna hate me
yeah we have had a storm like this in a
while so we're doing this for your
channel yeah yeah I want to ask you this
because I think I think your answer will
actually be pretty helpful so I have to
ask Casey where do you get value in your
life this is a pleasure sir
good luck then don't get struck by
lightning out there
said it before I will say it again one
of my favorite parts of doing this blog
is getting to meet new people all the
time and Phil definitely falls into that
in a big way it's pretty late I'm still
in the office
I'm leaving now but so I put like a
dozen coats on this thing and this is
super high quality spray paint but it
will not stick to the GoPro it comes
right off
how can GoPros be so indestructible that
they're impervious to my high quality
spray paint
well done GoPro well done forever
there's a situation outside
figure out what's going on down there
that is the NYPD right there nice work
out there hi guys I'm Victoria and I'm
ask them and we're senior high school
hey guys I'm Victoria and I'm Addison
and we're senior high school boomers in
Richmond Virginia we make content all of
our lives here the tech staff and school
follow us on beat
