do we have any fireworks here where no
not those wimpy one so any of the big
ones
do you small two years ago didn't you
save some in the basement so none of the
big fireworks to left this is all we
have anything for ever ever light now
you just have to get one gone and then
you
this is the 200
okay that's it is the tune and slog
that's the only thing that will be
special about this vlog that was our
200th blog celebration
thanks to get burned 6:00 a.m. on a
Saturday I'm headed to the garage right
now to get the car and I left the boost
board in my office last night so I'm on
all right am I gonna be in luck maybe
all right okay hey thanks a lot stuck in
traffic
I have two more hours to go I'm very
very sleepy I'm nearly out of coffee I
am now about 25 minutes away from my
destination I don't know what town it is
but somewhere in Central Connecticut
Owen has a cross-country Invitational
race here today I'm also just very very
excited to see Owen
I think this traffic mess is it how you
doing good yeah thank you
thank you so it's a really exciting race
they're like a million kids running you
feeling strong today on kind of tired
this is Owens race here oh and here they
come
gotta find Owen gotta find Owen got to
find Oh
I didn't see him oh it's gonna be one of
these kids keep a sharp eye you got it
all right on I feel alone thank you for
driving I definitely would have fallen
asleep at the wheel
nice Park job Owen Owen what are you
doing in the mall
the tit you ready go ready
oh it's in warmed you want to know the
haircut places inside of its hidden it
open
oh you should be very excited that the
hairdressers could not cut your period
probably would have been a disaster huh
some interesting magazines here oh hey
cool runner's world I love this magazine
owner if there's anybody interesting it
this month oh that guy looks SuperDuper
familiar I'm in the November issue of
runner's world this month
go buy it in your local store I mean
local Walmart we better not be late to
this movie I'm putting you up for
adoption if we're late for this moot
oan are going to see the movie Cicero
expect a full review from us after the
movie and then that will conclude
today's vlog it's so good official
review on Cicero Owen it's good I like
that yeah I give it a big thumbs up if
you're into gratuitous extreme violence
it's amazing hey my name is Sean I'm
from San Francisco California and you
should follow me on being because I spa
exotic cars and I really put an English
teacher that I beam my name on beam is
shocked
