99% sure I just deleted the entire days
worth of vlogging thus far which really
really sucks if you hit command Z after
copying files it just deletes all of
them even if that command Z is in any
event you work so hard for that footage
and then it's just gone because of
something that was outside of your
control
so here's the situation I'm in Madrid
right now in Spain I'm here speaking at
a technology conference that's happening
in that tent it's called it's called
South Summit and I shot like this
amazing blog this morning it started in
the airplane it was really amazing and
then I accidentally deleted all of that
footage which is peaceful in the angry
so this vlog isn't going to start at the
being of the day where it should start
it's going to start in my hotel room
just moments after when I thought I was
backing up my footage but I was actually
deleting all of it all right I don't
know where I'm going I don't know how to
get there I think I've got about an hour
worth of exploring before I have to get
to my obligations
whew that looks interesting the thing I
miss most about the Busan border of the
breaks
this is freeze havoc on their shoes
check this machine out no human ever
touches cash I just got the call there's
a car picking me up at my hotel in 37
minutes I don't know how to get back to
my hotel but I'm pretty confident I can
figure it out all right I found my hotel
I was actually like a half a block away
because I apparently spent the whole
afternoon skateboarding in a gigantic
circle cars here to pick me up
got my snacks this is me
a food person perfect si how are you
guys hi Carlos Carlos didn't meet you
okay welcome on board good to be here
yes have you ever been here no oh it's
great this is South Summit huh yes what
are we doing now over to the stage now
really at a loss what's going on
so this stage is built in a bullfighting
arena and it literally smells like both
in here so this is where we are right
now right there
get it
we're now going to the top of the we're
trading at the top yeah
rights of color
that tent is where the events taking
place that's where I'll be speaking
these two right here are my escorts I've
never spoken in a bullfighting arena
before but there was apparently a
bullfight here like three days ago sorry
I missed it we're gonna go to the other
side now okay let's go can we walk
around like this this is way more fun
hi who's that you know who that is my
presentations in ten minutes I just
changed the whole presentation 20
minutes before I supposed to go on so
everybody's mad at me but I think I'll
be fine
this is my support team
maybe's
I mean so she
when you're getting back to Spain man I
don't know soon I hope right now we're
trying to sneak away from the stage
there's a procession following on this
is your first time talking up will ring
yeah never spoken in a bullring before
that's the bullfighting arena that's
where I just spoke leaving now I think
the next stop is back at the hotel
oh I know my hotel okay see you later
take care I'm so jet-lagged and tired
right now I know if I go into the hotel
room I'm just gonna pass out so I'm
gonna get a stack bring the snack no
tell room and then try not to pass out I
just spent the last four hours trying to
recover all that data that I
accidentally deleted earlier today it's
gone so I just wanted to apologize if
the vlog felt super incomplete today
hi my name is Mike I'm from Grayson is
following being because opposed what I
do every day yeah see bye
