hey Dylan anybody wasn't are gonna say
they're completely pollen cancer the bus
drivers okay
leading up to yesterday I hadn't had a
full night's sleep in about a week last
night I went to bed at 10:00 oh
didn't wake up this morning to like 5:30
like seven a half hours of sleep I feel
like I'm on drugs right now so much
energy
what a difference a little sleep makes
can't have a very short day in the
office did I followed by a very long day
of travel today so time to be efficient
you know that scene in Indiana Jones and
the Temple of Doom where all of those
kids were human underground prison
here at beam we have something similar
what for that okay this is the beam
t-shirt shipping factory oh my god
what's up guys
envelopes stickers label printer for
international shipments these are all
t-shirts those are all t-shirt and you
just ordered more sir forget man there's
lots of this budget so much being
working man show me the new shirts the
notions are right here oh man that's
awesome nice
oh nice the pocket tee I'll show you
what my fee my person which ones are
here nice
and you have to be right here in the bow
man it's very good so tired
okay what's your output how many here
today are going out encountered on
Friday and 193 yesterday we gonna break
200 today that's how it goes breaking
200 ever you a so sweet a thousand
shirts a week so just at this rate in
like 35 years or every user will have a
t-shirt yeah awesome
thanks guys bye guys we did launch a
merch store what's the URL Sara merch
that being that time where you can buy
all this stuff yep but yeah it's shirts
get to pay for it there we're not making
any money on it are we no or you can
just get them for free if you like a
nice if you ask Sara nicely or if you a
little like follow me on being videos
that go at the end of these vlogs
everyone who sends this one of those
gets like a sweet care package or you
can buy that marina's hope that those
guys upstairs pick you and send you it
alright
I'm not going this way I'll see you
later over my shoulder here Marlon is
being attacked by Marlon fans they're
all taking selfies of them
most famous delivery man I'm planet
earth right there
there is no vlog without here you're the
best man I'll see you in two days
I now have 30 minutes to pack then get
in the car and go to the airport thank
you showing JFK and its case here yeah
the nicest uber driver I was sound
asleep in his car for the entire ride he
woke me up at the terminal now are you
doing happy last day pays nice that NER
thank you so much someone else is in
here never had to wait in here before in
my life
oh hey good yeah that's a lot of cetera
either way before long as well I've
never actually seen anywhere else in
here I waited for at least 10 seconds
alright let me just get into the lounge
and then we can do it alright this seems
like a fine place to do it
okay I can't talk very loud so I'm in
the airport lounge but I'm going to try
my best so just bear with me the theme
of today's Q&A is obviously travel all
right Mike asks my guests where do you
want to go that you've never been I
really want to go to outer space and I
do think that that's going to be a
reality in my lifetime space
Jonty asks what's the biggest perk of my
VIP status with American Airlines
probably the phone number they give you
a dedicated phone number you call
someone just answers and they know who I
am because I have my caller ID same so
the answer right hello mister next that
how may I help you and that's amazing
total GameChanger
all right this is a non travel question
but somebody asks that so I'm just going
to answer do you care that people are
trying to copy your way of making videos
yeah it's frustrating because I work so
hard to be original and do my own thing
but at the same time like there's
nothing you can do about it people are
just going to copy because they like
what you're doing so no I don't like it
and I don't encourage it but there's
nothing I can do so I don't know I don't
let it get to me I just keep trying to
make more better work explain why
Airport showers are so great getting on
a plane is disgusting those planes are
disgusting
and when you feel like gross like
there's that film all over your body
from running around an airport it's a
really gross way to get on a plane but
if you get in a plane showered and clean
you feel like crispy and fresh and you
just fly better what you ever trying
travel across the u.s. with your boosted
board I love my boosted board but the
range in them things like 810 miles so
no that'd be a very slow tedious trip
who's the most famous person you've been
on public transportation with
I was on a plane once with Wiz Khalifa
he was super cool
he was definitely stoned a favorite
place to go without a doubt Cape Town
South Africa
Candace's family has a house there so
you travel to the other side of the
planet and you get there and it's home
and there's some magic about that okay
Ellie asks what's the appeal of travel
you know what don't someplace new
discovering something new exposing
yourself to something outside of your
comfort zone I think all of those things
are what make us like humans for me like
that experience is really an education
and what it means to be alive when our
unit travel next with Owen I don't know
and I haven't had like any one-on-one
time with Owen really since Francine's
been born and that's tough so I want to
do another trip with Owen before he goes
off to college do asks have you ever
missed a flight do deeming this week
have I missed the flight or ever because
yes I've missed hundreds of flights this
week so far I'm good
have you ever gotten in trouble for
filming an airport you know my rule was
fill me in places that maybe you
shouldn't or might make people
uncomfortable is just do it and then if
you're asking not to you politely say
yes of course I understand that you put
the camera away you just defuse the
situation never be argumentative it's
it's just too stressful
Braden asks how hard is it did not see
your family while traveling yeah I said
this before but traveling now like
literally since Francine has been born
it's gotten so much harder and it's also
the first time in my life where I'm not
always psyched to travel right now I'm
really excited to be going to Europe and
like this is fun I've been looking
forward to this trip whatever but the
reality is I would much rather be at
home with the wife and baby with Owen
but it doesn't mean I'm bummed now I'm
so completely psyched it's just like I
get sad because I miss the family all
right that's it this has got to down as
a record the most Awkward place ever
doing a Q&A flight leaves in 45 minutes
quick shower put on my pajamas and I
could have done planes
thank you up forth
I think I might actually be a tiny bit
late for the game
you have to validate it we walked
definitely not the first person on this
plane I also just have a little bit of a
panic attacks I forgot to make sure I
was in a window see what if I'm not in a
window seat and fasten your seat belt
we're taking off now I'm in the middle
I'm going to try not to freak out see
you tomorrow
hi I'm Mitchell I'm from Brisbane
Australia Charlie no I degrees Farenheit
here my name one beam is Mitchell Suez
and should follow me on beam because I
first want to do in Brisbane every day
