crash right into that didn't he the guy
in the yellow Camaro just slightly
bumped into this BMW him and his
girlfriend were screaming at each other
in the car
they're having a big fight I feel free
van I've been there
okay and so begins de rien San Francisco
get to hell sitting we're walking right
okay thanks a lot actually their note
we'll be right back afternoon yours last
nice day okay thank you so much thank
you sir and I just got shipped down for
parking I don't even think that guy
worked there that just took our key that
our mud engine behind another exciting
day of non-stop meetings this first
meeting is with an iOS engineer still
looking to fill those roles
okay great meeting now we go to another
okay time for our next meeting ready
since the last time I checked in we've
had two more meetings our day is like
that Drake song back to back make sure
you hit a winner bring up but now we
have like a little bit of a break back
to the hotel yeah good our car sorry
it's we have like an hour and a half
yeah I'm back in my hotel room I have an
hour and seven minutes before I have to
be somewhere my hotel here which is
perfectly fancy and great does not have
a swimming pool but there's an even
fancier hotel called the st. Regis that
has an amazing swimming pool and I have
to have a key whether or not this will
get me into the swimming pool I don't
know but I feel like this is the only
downtime I have here in San Francisco
before I leave tomorrow morning so I
should at least go for it this is
operation sneak into the st. Regis
swimming pools these are mainly dry
shorts GoPro for a little underwater
photography what else what else what
else
transportation
I'm normally pretty fearless on the
boosted board but the one thing the
booster guys told me is never ever ride
this thing when it's been raining Birds
wet out and it's been raining all day
and the streets are soaking wet so I'm
like sliding whoa sliding all over the
place on this thing it's super squirrely
on these wet roads like when you hit the
brakes to the gap the back end fly down
from behind you all right this is the
st. Regis my plan now is just to walk in
like I own the joint make eye contact
confidence and stroll into the elevators
then figure out where the pool is
again but how are you
okay so far so good
I need a place to get changed
okay I'm in the bathroom of the gym my
plan is to get changed in here hide the
blue support in here then hit the pool
now I'm going to switch over to the
GoPro because this camera is too
conspicuous
that was a whole lot easier than I'd
expected
please for this is saltwater
this is pretty much the best idea I've
had all week did you enjoy your break I
didn't miss a break
me neither just kidding I went to a
swimming pool I'd tell you it wasn't
amazing but I'd be lyin no it's not on
Venus looked amazing
back in the car headed to our next
meeting like re 90th meeting of the day
Oh God we're gonna go straight down
market all right cheroo
so tired
we finished our second to last meeting
of the day we now have a 7 p.m. last
meeting
I've been going nonstop since like 7:00
a.m. with these eyes what Matt's me from
the room oh wow he's so fresh see this
guy right here this guy right here we
just watched a heroin deal go down a
woman went into this little vestibule
the guy gave her heroin she gave him
money and then she took off running
never seen that before and I live in New
York City last time we were here we saw
a guy crap on the street so follow me on
babes in 2016 to be running the parish
money for concentration
since I ate a number anything
