I was supposed to mean that downstairs
15 minutes ago I'm late morning we're
headed into our first meeting now I'm
not gonna like film these meetings with
important people so just bear with us
here's Matt first meeting done we're now
headed out to the valley for meeting
number two and you're gonna have to get
over three lines right now
whew sorry there we go there is no
parking here so I I found Eddie Kramer
in there Matt climb out on my side
oh yeah our next thing he's 20 minutes
away during the Apple Store quickly so I
can get a new laptop mine had some sort
of critical failure this morning these
things are so expensive
all right we got the goods another
extremely pleasant experience at the
Apple store it really is like the
greatest customer experience it's the
greatest retail experience in all of
retail name ever
wait that's where we are right now
Hidden Valley family farm what town is
this Matt Portola Menlo Ehlert's is
something not sure where we are
geographically but it seems like a
really appropriate place so why not all
right
okey dokey welcome to this week's QA I
am here somewhere in Northern California
about 40 minutes outside of San
Francisco this week's theme is about
entrepreneurship rowdy for business that
seemed appropriate okay let's see what
you guys had to say grant asks what is
the absolute worst part about being an
entrepreneur this is a little
double-sided because the worst part is
also the most exciting part which is
absolute uncertainty there are zero
guarantees there are no promises and
that is a terrifying prospect
max asks have you ever thought one day
you'd arrive where you are now that's a
great question the answer is I know I
never thought I'd literally be where I
am right now in my career but I knew a
couple things even when I was really
young and really poor doing really
horrible jobs for a living and that was
that I would be working for myself and I
would be doing something that was my own
creation so something that I was
personally passionate about because of
the product of my own my own brain
versus working for someone else or in
someone else's operation I just wasn't
sure exactly how it would manifest
I don't know that anyone can predict
that John asks do you have any previous
business entrepreneurship ideas before
being the last job I had I was twenty
years old when I worked for someone else
so I've been working for myself in
businesses that were mine for the last
you know fourteen years it's just there
were a lot less structured than beem
beem is a is a very typical startup view
idea team raise money build a company
launch a company and the other versions
of my careers of my companies were very
different
you know last thing I was doing prior to
beam was like advertising was branded
content via YouTube and that was a much
less structured company but it was
certainly a company that took risk and
all the factors that lead to a Haunter
preneur ship were enveloped in that
company and everything I've done so I
started working for myself
Dean Tristan says I don't have a
question but I Love You Man hashtag no
homo Dean Tristan why the need for the
no homo hashtag can't a man just love
another man scotty asks do you think
that there's still room on youtube for a
career or do you think the market is
saturated now no there's definitely
space on youtube for a career I think
people see YouTube as a place that it's
easier to succeed than maybe Hollywood
or in television or other meet more
mainstream media outlets the truth is
it's not the access is easier it's hard
to get an agent and move to Hollywood
and do all that that doesn't guarantee
success anyways YouTube's easy you just
start an account but where you go from
there is not any easier it is just as
hard to be a YouTube star as it is to be
a movie star make no mistakes it is
extremely hard and extremely competitive
on YouTube but it doesn't mean that
there isn't a multitude of opportunities
there I'm not going to say you asked me
this to have a harsh answer why should I
trust myself how do I know it's not a
waste of time and money if you're asking
yourself that then you shouldn't trust
yourself and it is a waste of time and
money you need an unbridled confidence
to succeed as an entrepreneur Arthur
asks best tip for young entrepreneurs
never give up and that sounds like a
platitude but I mean that because if you
try and then film and try and then film
and try and then film and try and just
keep doing that eventually you will
succeed
it takes the gumption to keep going that
separates the winners from the losers
it's like that poster oh there's a
kitten hanging off a tree and it's like
you haven't failed until you've given up
that's true I'll end this on a personal
question
what's the biggest risk you take in and
was it worth it in the end
first I'll answer the question yes and
the biggest risk probably for me was
moving to New York City I was 19 or 20
years old I had no money I had no work
experience I had no education I had no
friends I had no contact I had no
resources I had a three month sublet and
then I was homeless my only previous job
was as a dishwasher and I moved to New
York City to become a filmmaker and I
did that with a two-year-old son it is
one of the few times in my life where
when I look back I have no in clue what
I was thinking I just blindly did it it
was a purely emotional decision there
was no rational or logical reason to
take a chance like that looking back it
only inspires me and motivates me more
to embrace risk had I yielded to logic
then I don't know where I'd be but I
wouldn't be where I am right now and I'm
very very happy right now okay that's
this week's Q&A thanks for joining me
hey Matt I'm done filming the Q&A did
you want to play on the playground or
can we go we are driving home and I
stopped up here because it's just so
insanely beautiful there's the great
Matt Hackett right there and I'm just
shooting some time lapses oops there's a
cop there goes the police Matt so down
there's a big sign that says road closed
do not cross and we cross it to come up
here but
Matt I were invited to a sneak preview
screening of the Martian tonight well
Matt was I'm like his plus-one we're
headed there now pretty psyched to see
it all right these passes get us free
everything in here and I don't know what
to get all right since this is a
pre-release movie screening I'm putting
this camera away before anybody freaks
out because I think I'm gonna film the
screen I'll check back in after the
movie we just left Mars what do you
think I'm good yeah I give it a big fat
thumbs up it was really it was super fun
follow me I beam and hurry because I
might die so being what I was trying to
say is you should follow me because I
just risked my life try and go get a
shot for you so that you guys would
follow me on bead and then thunder and
lightning and rain came and I just
barely made it back to my car so can I
get an A for effort and maybe a follow
