can you send up coffee for one please Oh
everything else we can do for you no
that's it just coffee okay about a
minute thank you sitting here doing
nothing but email for the last like two
and a half hours I didn't run once in
Mexico I'm getting a run in today San
Francisco's a pretty great city to run
it I'm like eight miles away from the
hotel
I didn't even turn around now
alright that was 13 and a half miles at
a 720 pace long with fast felt good a
lot of hills in this town
I'm meeting Matt my business partner out
here in San Francisco we have a number
of beam related of beam related meetings
out here so much of the tech community
happens out here in San Francisco that
Matt and I come out here like three four
times a year to meet up with everybody
and just to stay on top of things taking
place on the other side of the country
Matt doesn't get here till tomorrow so
today I'm meeting with some people for
some non beam related things I've just
been waiting on this package before I
can leave the hotel room was there a
package delivered for me yes sir they
wanted to live it up Kate oh yeah that
would be fantastic
pretty psyched about this package this
is like a mini San Francisco edition
mailtime the iPhone 6s I did the 4k
video test with last week that was not
actually my iPhone that was my friends
who loaned it to me this is my just
arrived this is the pink one because
pink is like the most manly awesome
color look at that pink and so awesome
please motorcycle normally I'm not a big
fan of super loud motorcycles that guy
was like 90 and he looked awesome on
that bike I ordered these pants
somewhere
I ordered them online and they're
basically my favorite pants but they've
started come on stitch I think it's just
like a defect so I'm going to the store
that sells them the store that makes
them and I'm going to try to get them
fixed or get a new pair or something I
should say before I go into this place
these are my favorite pants but I give a
reluctant plug because they're crazy
expensive and they come on stitch but
there's got to be a good explanation ok
so I ordered these pants from you guys
and they started what sticks in a couple
of places no no yeah look here and then
all around here for sure the store is
super cool and look they're there all
right I hate to do this but mission
workshop a huge thumbs down these pants
are like a month old
there were like $200 and the guy and
there was super sweet but he said it's
their policy it's not their policy just
to swap them out that I could like ship
them or leave them my pants and they
would repair them for me if they're
covered in their warranty but like I
don't have another pair of pants just do
the right thing give me a new pair and
take these busted ones surely just so
frustrating how do you not stand behind
your products if you were taking
something back to Patagonia or l.l.bean
it doesn't matter how old it is
you walk in no questions asked they
replace it this clearly it's not like I
ripped them they're like mail them to me
like that's easy to do get a box call
FedEx go to FedEx find a FedEx ship it
wait for it to come back wait three
weekly
headed somewhere very excited about this
but it's a little too far to ride the
boosted board still very excited just
off the exit three minutes until I
arrive at my destination that is my
destination okay here's a clue Oh guy
dude welcome this man here this is the
founder and CEO of boosted boards I'm in
the belly of the beast right now all
right let's do it
I should tell you some stuff before we
go through it from everything yeah
should I turn the camera off
sure yeah okay but I can film now yeah
okay all right anyway oh well this is
great
yeah and Katie I didn't get to see you
sure yeah here's young Cody hey guys you
have a lot of fans here yeah did you
guys see the one that Jesse and I did we
raced around Central Park this is so
many boosted boards are all these sold
all of them oh my god and okay nobody
come rob this place this is a brand-new
never before seen this is the future of
the company here this is what's tell me
out next from boosted see it here first
okay ready
in the boosted couch
yeah where to ride this down Broadway
this soup
Lucic couch is amazing this thing's
pretty sweet how you gonna ship it how
do you get any work done here at boosted
HQ we have laptops take about that guys
thank you for having me this is a
pleasure
awesome yeah Casey I'll see you next
time in SF bye guys see you later
alright nighttime now I just left
boosted HQ I spent the entire day there
those guys are amazing
what a great vlog today hi I'm Tim I'm
briquette a third year biology student
from Halifax Nova Scotia in eastern
Canada and the theme of today's beam
recommend is earth and I mean planet
Earth follow me on my travels around
planet Earth as I head on a road trip to
Iceland really soon and in early 2016
I'm moving to Scotland so expect some
great travels over there my username is
mum Burkett that's M om Bo you are qu e
tte hope to see you soon
