so cool
slept three hours last night I'm
spending the entire date today on an
airplane probably gonna miss my flight
because the Pope's in town all the
traffic you shut down I'm going for a
run okay now I can start my day bye baby
girl I'll see you in a week I'm gonna
miss her yeah I'm gonna see a little too
hey you supposed to leave for the
airport six minutes ago still have
impact so far three hard drives one
laptop backup tripod headphones backup
camera lens wide lens backup cell phone
charger cable selection 360 camera
stationary stuff backpack notebook other
camera battery brick camera case backup
GoPro main GoPro making progress okay
it's now an hour and one minute past
when I should have left my apartment I
realized I forgot something I had to run
to the studio and get it which I did now
I'm back and I'm still packing
I'm bringing one pair of pants for two
weeks but I'm bringing two skateboards
priorities GG you shut up
never do is shut thanks sorry about that
how are you today we go to the airport
yeah how do we get there with this whole
Pope nonsense perfect thank you so long
now
how are you how are you last name nice
hat let's go thank you so much enjoy
your flight
thank you guys hello oh good how are you
your destination ah
Mexico City here's my house
thank you alright careful my skateboards
in there and you know where they are I
do
alright that was fairly painless now
their favorite part of traveling
security from TSA PreCheck and my bags
still got stuff
all right made it through all clear no
problem all right so if you don't
announce the mice take flight so keep an
eye on e please I'll give you the key
I'm in the airport lounge I'm not hungry
I'm not even remotely hungry when I'm
around this much free food even bad free
food I eat myself sick like a dog
I feel terrible right now I had one of
those noodle things I had like ten
chunks of cheese I eat these delicious
carrots whatever that is whatever that
is then I found these cookies over here
see how like this would have been full
and this is like half full this was full
this was full when I started just five
my flight as soon cuz next I would have
gotten into plane takes off in like 40
minutes leaving the lounge now solo
thank you
funny I always thought I had a really
good relationship with American Airlines
yet I was not invited to the party
here we go my thank you
literally the only reason why I brought
my penny board in addition to my boosted
board is so I could ride it in the
airport security oh look the other way
with this little thing that was on my
huge motorized skateboard they would
definitely freaked out for this floor
taking off now if one stopped Miami then
we go to Mexico
I'm gonna go to sleep
is our driver game
there's a diagram of the mic just woke
up to our now
first one off the plane I don't know why
that's so satisfying okay we got some
Club options here at the Centurion
lounge and the Admirals Club now I know
the Admirals Club here is a total dump
let's go see what the Centurion lounge
looks like hi how are you hello you just
knew yes it's got about four weeks for
my four months old almost so what do you
need to get in this place we already do
that no more Centurion card okay that
napkin thank you
nice work with the sweet Club American
Express boy way we finally left the gate
but I didn't mind it ever some amazing
sunsets
plain dinner
just tell me the land down
planets people deserve doors of arrival
thereby Bronco alright thankful oh yeah
I don't know what the skateboarding in
the airport policy is here in Mexico I'm
just going to assume it's the same as it
is in the states which is totally
welcome
all right leaving the airport
voila he's leaving the airport these
kids here super friendly and they
finally make such a fit all ride
hoverboards
no Boris only hoverboards in Mexico um
I'll talk to you soon yeah I can Oh
fixed you then
that's me hi - this here alright we've
arrived at the hotel
all of it this doesn't seem to code this
is like the hippest hip hotel I've ever
been in look all the snacks are under
glass and then just outside my door is
like this popping nightclub filled up
with like really attractive women not
that that even matters to me or that I
even care about that happen off down
there all right thus concludes my trip
to Mexico thanks for coming with me
hi this is Steph gravettian on beam
watch me put post-its on things on being
hmm
