awesome I love Mexico
its morning time I'm in Mexico
check out this EU you try and find some
breakfast very clear goodness you got my
breakfast a couple of things first I'll
speak Spanish and the waiters here don't
understand my French my breakfast came
with tortillas which I'm pretty excited
about this restaurant is blasting
hip-hop music despite the fact that it's
7 a.m. excited for the day also I have
like one day in Mexico City I'm leaving
tomorrow I'm speaking later tonight so I
plan on taking full advantage of this
afternoon
I
rained out this morning so didn't seem
appropriate to bust out the boosted
board less-than-ideal penny boarding
conditions then this guy is really
tripping up on the transportation to
skateboards and rollerblades woman's got
the poodle market on lockdown not sure
what's going on here today in Mexico
City but there are so many like police
officers and security and like crossing
guards and traffic and there's a
helicopter that keeps buzzing overhead
something interesting is going down
those guys there those guys there there
there there top there they're just like
everywhere no idea what I wandered into
here but everybody seems pretty
passionate about whatever it is nice Ted
that's good that's not bad
oh my god what is this what is this
Duncan Jake already doing the protesting
protesting because they want the energy
costs to go down electricity or fear
they're also demanding the rights how
the students were killed here in Mexico
at one point yeah the government killed
them and all my you know the Quran is
that that exists here in Mexico I'm in
the bathroom of Starbucks just outside
the door here are three or four police
officers with riot shields and helmets
don't know what's going on or check this
out
the hotel here the protest grub my hotel
rooms I came back out now look at the
situation
some and our kiss there
yeah how was your journey over here I
got all wit fear and a lot like um
Habsburg my car so what was the protest
a one year ago 43 people were killed
here in Mexico students and they
disappeared like they completely
disappeared people don't know what
happened to them and they found DNA of
two of them in a river but there are no
bodies so the people is really mad with
the government because they still do not
accept what happened and they cannot
explain what it is so this is one year
after that and the streets are full I
couldn't even get here I had to walk
that's it
glad you made it ready how far away is
it it is not far away but the problem is
the traffic is going crazy now so let's
see okay
we're headed to the festival the event
now I'm taking one Pablo with me what
are we doing it's raining out here yeah
we're getting some real Mexican food hi
I'm Casey I know you're a TV what's your
name how do you man
I'll see you guys in there yeah or evil
I'll see you in this yeah all right now
get let's get some food okay now we get
some food this is what you're talking
about huh how do you know where to get
it whoa which place like any worse it's
always good nobody independent in the
mini-mental isn't Paris a pezzi no machi
de la sala de chile I'm not super good
with spicy food I mean there's a lot
about the asylum we are sharing this so
that you have more flavors mine spicy is
your spicy I mean this one not but our
narrow one I mean you can look at my
eyes or my face are you taking off yeah
probably
I'll see you in Los Angeles Angeles all
right man what are we doing right now
okay ready okay so on the closing
speaker tonight before my talk I have to
do a bunch of press interviews and
that's what's happening now
Juan Pablo left really like that guy
ready he's going to interview looking at
our formal this is in the last hour I've
done nine interviews this is number ten
this is my last one okay this is the
green room I'm in here preparing for my
talk which is in 15 minutes
feeling confident okay going to do a
technical test now
you
hi my name is Reuben it's a beautiful
day here in the Windy City
you stole a follow me on beam I do cool
stuff with my friends and I like to
share it on be misled we should totally
follow
