but I
oh good day
just running to the office superfast to
grab my skateboard yeah what's up got it
on my way to breakfast at the usual spot
I'm interviewing a candidate someone
we're looking to hire at beam which by
the way we're hiring like crazy at beam
if you know anyone or you're someone who
either is an Android or iOS developer
email us at jobs at beam com we only
want experienced people no hacks
all right interview is over great
interview great meeting great breakfast
I'm now going over to my friend Jerome's
house really quick
Jerome's just starting out on YouTube
and he's having major technical
difficulties so I'm just going to help
him out for a second that I have to get
to work
and they walked so how am i oh man
welcome to the wonderful world of
vlogging okay I've been it drummed for
about an hour now trying to fix his
Final Cut Pro 10
nonsense no scoop we didn't fix it I
gotta go man
your video is good jazz you'll never get
it off your computer ah don't say that
IBD heading back to the studio now I
think it might be time today's kind of
like a special presentation cue a more
of a rant really than a regular Q&A
today I want to talk about haters and I
do want to apologize right from the
start I tend to get pretty passionate
about this kind of thing so I am sorry
for the bad language the biggest
question that I see is how do you not
let haters get to you and the truth is
like haters get to me they bother me no
one's immune to that like nobody likes
to be put down but there are a couple of
things that I remember first and
foremost haters are losers haters are
unquestionably losers they bring people
down in hopes of elevating themselves
but that's not how the world works if
you're bringing someone else down you're
going right there with them that is fact
I want to address a couple of specific
haters on here I don't want to mention
them by name because I don't want to
promote like negativity in the hopes
that you might get a little attention
but I often get comments on my vlogs
that are like this is an advertisement
like my McDonald's video where my friend
Oscar and I went Nate McDonald's I've
made advertisements before this right
here this is a commercial for Nike this
right here this is a commercial for
Mercedes Benz I'm very open about that
what would possess you to write in my
comments that a video were on like
bashing McDonald's is an advertisement
for them are you a oh he's not gonna
pull on
over on me this is an advertisement I'm
smarter than the world hero put in the
comments you I've worked in advertising
a decade you don't get paid for like
that the reason why I take it so
personally when people suggest that is
I'm very open about when I'm doing
advertising I wouldn't try to pull one
over on you my audience by tricking you
by making some video about Lakes and
fast-food that's actually an
advertisement or yesterday I posted the
iPhone video like a video I shot on an
iPhone Apple didn't pay me for that
Apple to mean give me that phone in fact
if Apple found out how I got that phone
I bet they'd be pissed off but thank you
again commenting geniuses for saying
that Apple paid me to make that video
God people are so stupid and they love
to highlight their stupidity in the
comments next comment that really got to
me somebody wrote that Candace has no
ass look human beings we come in all
different shapes and sizes we're all
beautiful in our own way never pick on
someone because of the way they look you
can't help the way you look
you've got to judge people by their
substance not by their superficiality it
is truth that better-looking people have
it easier in this world so if you want
to pick on someone pick on really
attractive people because they don't
have to work as hard as you were me they
just show up and smile I'm sorry if
you're really beautiful and watching
this I don't mean to pick on you in any
event back to Candace and her no ass the
reason why that comment got to me is
that Candace my beautiful wife is human
and has flaws just like the rest of us
she has myriad imperfections one of them
though is not having an ass if there's
one thing that girl definitely has it's
a great question that I really liked is
how have haters contributed to my
success you know I think every time
somebody puts you down it makes you want
to push harder to go back up I can
remember dropping out of high school to
get a job to support my baby and get us
off of welfare and like my friend's
parents didn't want their friends to
hang out with me anymore because I was
like a bonafide loser and bad influence
so certainly the harder I work and the
more success I find in life the easier
it is for me to come to terms with that
this is one of my favorites chelsea
peretti tweeted this haters are going to
hate creators are going to create
and that's probably one of the biggest
frustrations of being creator on YouTube
is that like we're the ones doing the
work you're just some typing in the
comments like well you're sitting there
late at night in your underwear
spreading hate across YouTube we're up
working we're working really hard to
make things to put out there to share
ideas and share our perspectives and
you're just some dope just some skin
dope sitting there putting other people
down hating is really easy
creating is really hard alright I want
to pull all this together
one of my all-time favorite quotes this
is by this is by the guy that wrote the
book or the movie Fight Club happiness
is the best revenge
nothing drives people crazy ER than
seeing someone have a good life
and you know what that's the truth
jealousy and envy that's behind most
haters they want what you have they
can't have it so they hate on you the
more good you have the more they hate on
you the more they push you down some
thoughts in general give people the
benefit of the doubt assume that they're
being good assume that they're being
positive it makes you vulnerable and
every once in a while you will be proven
wrong and you'll feel like a jerk
because somebody who you thought was
good turned out to be an but the truth
is the alternative is to be a negative
skeptical cynical person and there's
enough cynicism in this world I give
everyone the benefit of the doubt I
always assume the best when sometimes
I'm wrong and that makes me feel like a
jerk but I deal with it because it's a
very small price to pay so I want to end
this by saying something I've said
before which is ignore the haters ignore
them because they don't matter
they're small weak feeble people who are
unhappy they're deeply unhappy they're
hurt deep down they're hurt and hurt
people hurt people
when you're hurt you spread the hurt and
that's what they're doing the next time
you're being bullied the next time
you're the recipient of a haters
negativity know this their punishment is
their life something my brother used to
say know that while they might be
picking on you with a smile on their
face writing that comment the snow
you look on their face when they lay in
bed at night they're not happy they
don't feel good about themselves they're
weak scared little people terrified
about what tomorrow might bring okay
this concludes this week's talk about
haters I hope that wasn't too negative
for you I just thought I would speak a
little truth today um
and I should say that there was like no
specific event that made me think that
maybe I should talk about haters today
just a general kind of thing it's
something I see really often being in
the public eye cuz I share so much on
YouTube and if I see it that means some
of you probably see it and it's good to
address these things so you know how I
feel about this kind of negativity I'm
going home
somebody's smoking pot in this building
she's excited
hello hi what's up you guys should
follow me on being my user name is
Christian for Christian for the number 4
because um because why cuz beam is cool
I throw the cool people hang speed means
the best yeah best
