I paid my taxes you know nothing this
should be green it's not mine man
today's vlog is kind of a special vlog
I'm the collaboration with a youtuber
who I sort of know I like his stuff
should be interesting not sure what to
expect okay YouTube just bear with me
here feel my pain for a second I'm doing
this collaboration today and I have this
brilliant idea
shooting a 360 boosted board race
because I got two of these junks through
Central Park and this is going to be the
first time that I use my new insane 368
K rig but I've been spending the last
like many many hours trying to figure
out how to work this disaster of a
contraption if you don't have a PhD in
astrophysics and like another PhD in
computer science you have no chance of
figuring out how to work this nightmare
I think I'm gonna have to put this in a
box and ignore it until I can find
someone to actually operate it for me
look at this thing that guy Joe no you
look at this camera looking for I could
even say oh oh alright
let me let me introduce you here Jesse
this is Jesse here Jesse is like one of
the original gangsters when it comes to
daily vlogging he was doing this like
what five years ago like five years yeah
he's been doing this for five years he's
been doing this forever he definitely
was one of the people that like
genuinely kicked off the daily vlogging
movement on all of YouTube
this guy's changing the game of vlogging
right here the quality is inspiring it
kills me I'm like when I watched her
vlog Stacey I'm like oh my god I need to
I need to step my game up man he's
changing the game
you're gonna be the top blogger I'm
pretty sure
I paid him I'm gonna be chasing I'm
gonna be chasing him what's your
confidence level on this I'm pretty
confident I'm pretty sure I could stay
up with you but like you know the
streets
you're nuts dude holy shit I thought I
was crazy
forget about this Volvo guy had a duck
truck and he was moving I was all God
that was scary so Jesse this is sort of
the equivalent of like New York City's
electric skateboard Autobahn there are
no lights you ready
see these boosted boards they are the
greatest creations but they only go
about eight miles between charges and at
full speed 24 miles an hour eight miles
is exactly 20 minutes I always see like
people charging their cellphone on this
outlet so I'm hoping I can just juice
here for a minute Jesse this doesn't
worked so now we ride gently to try to
get enough power to get us somewhere to
charge
I recognize a skateboard before I saw
you
careful man you're losing some beer yeah
right all right it's been an hour
sitting at this terrible restaurant
I told Jessie I wouldn't vlog in the
taxicab but we didn't want to run out of
batteries before we got to Central Park
for a 360 race so we're taking a cab to
Central Park we got those skateboards in
the food what's happening right now
we're gonna shoot a 360 video
we're in Jesse and I race our boosted
boards around Central Park I'm shooting
on 360 so I'm not going to be vlogging
this jesse is going to be shooting
behind the scenes would that be to Yash
ug so go check it out on his channel
Shiva selfie stick this looks like a
Swiffer Sweeper the mops tomorrow
thank you give me way better than I
thought it was going to be I didn't
shoot any footage while we were doing
that so I really wanted to focus on the
360 Jesse shot a whole bunch we're going
to head downtown now and we're going to
take Fifth Avenue during rush hour which
is pretty terrible idea
this is Fifth Avenue no where are you
okay stay put I'll be right there
there is
fucking dead man dude I thought I loved
you ready
Jessie thank you so much sir today was
awesome behind the scenes for the 360
checked out Jessie's Channel we just
were photo bombed by that person thank
you let's go can we yeah yeah that's
good yeah okay I'm just an analyst log
right there we'll see y'all later hey
guys
that's just my cat giving cuddles I
think you guys should follow me on beam
because I've got a super cute cat and
I'm an Irish girl and I'm living in
Dublin but I travel the world with my
fashion blog so I hope you guys follow I
