this
so just arrived in Houston
Candace's parents live here in Houston
they live in one of the neighborhoods
that was really badly affected by the
floods here for two days just to help
them dig out I really don't I don't know
what to expect
it's uh it's this house here you can
pull it if you are this is what he put
up for help
smells gross yeah bed floated away I
just can't believe the power of water
like the furniture has been dragged all
over the house this is the floor look
how gnarly right so this is completely
underwater yeah this was the last place
he was before he went to the major
what's the plan just tear the house down
to the Payette air boss passed out look
shame that's Candace
so this is it this like River situation
right here this is the culprit
Candace's parents house is just over the
berm that way to give you an idea of
scale this is about I don't know 10 or
20 feet deep of like concrete foundation
here and then above that the grass you
see is another another 25 feet or so
it's up from the very bottom is concrete
at the very top of the grass it's
probably like 40 50 and that's the
height at which campuses parents houses
the very top of where you see the grass
here and the water at its highest was
probably 8 to 10 feet above that
so Candice's grandma can mrs.
grandmother here in 1966 this is from
South Africa and this is Candace's mom
so that operation behind me is to dry
out all the old family photos it's sad
it's hard to all the old photos I can
only imagine what it's like for for
Candace's parents having like raised
their entire family in this house to see
how to see all this water but to hear
there was nowhere left to go
I went from a low base to a higher being
so when it got today I said I have to
get out of there and that the current
was too much outside I and I had the dog
so I couldn't have the dogs swimming
around and the current so I chopped out
the skylight with a hammer got sick that
is you had to hit it with a hammer and
smash out this piece that was covering
it and then I climbed out the window and
then a a risk you cross paths what does
that mean
never floods again
so it's Saturday now it's it's tomorrow
we spent most of the day today
finishing digging out Candace's parent's
house it's sad it's tragic
Candace's parents lost a lot they lost
their home they lost a lot of their
possessions but they have savings they
have insurance they're gonna be fine
where I'm headed right now is to go
visit some people who had it much worse
than Candace's parents and they're being
assisted by by a group of individuals
called Team Rubicon
Jake come explain what it is that Team
Rubicon does sure so do you nonprofit
organization and what we do is we
recruit trained and deployed military
veterans for Disaster Response so we
take the men and women who've been
serving in the u.s. military we combine
their skills and experience with first
responders like firefighters police
officers we send them into positions
like this where you know they're helping
people as we like to say on their worst
day and in doing so you know we see that
these military veterans are finding in
the sense of purpose again that really
reinvigorates them is you know they
transition out of the military so as you
can see behind me we found a family here
in a suburb of Houston
you know this home lacked insurance but
it's a for us it's particularly special
when we can help a fellow veteran out
this was furnished this was somebody's
home less than less than seven days ago
seven days ago they went to sleep they
knew the hurricane was coming this area
of Houston never flooded before and they
woke up the mom at 5:00 a.m. she got out
of bed the water was ankle deep within
30 minutes it was at their waist and
this this refrigerator right here
actually picked up from this part of the
house floated and pinned their daughter
against the island that was right here
and she actually has a contusion
lady that goes from about a myth die
down the middle of her calf he had to
pull the fridge offer
firstly I didn't take all the furniture
all the clothes all the knickknacks
everything every possession that this
family owned and take it out to the curb
where's the family now that's the thing
they're doing now so the the family
staying at a Hilton hotel we had a
gentleman come through and he wanted to
meet the family came in and when he
learned that they were staying at a
Hilton they expressed that they couldn't
even really afford it for $150 a night
and the guy asked if he could pay for it
he handed him you know four thousand
dollars right there just just to make
sure they didn't have to come out of
pocket it was you know there was the
first time we saw that the the man who
owned the home this navy bed was the
first time I actually saw him break down
and cry it was it was pretty powerful
Thank You Man appreciate what your
family safe I'm Jenny I'll put a link
below to Team Rubicon they are nonprofit
send them some love there they're doing
a lot of really good work down here
things back and I checked myself
right
