hi today's vlog was shot in its entirety
on the new iPhone 6s in 4k resolution so
be sure to click here and then click
here to see what it looks like at its
best every shot is in 4k shot on the
iPhone including this time-lapse so
we're headed to midtown now for no
reason than to like take pictures of
something different I don't know we're
on a skateboard
and here's Marlon Marlon we're testing
out the new iPhone this is the brand new
one
I would be in so much trouble if
somebody stole this like free release
iPhone 6s
we don't really have anything to film up
here we're just trying to do like real
world environments and real world usage
so many camera tests are of like perfect
lighting conditions and this is not that
horrible clicking sound is like some
nonsense happening with whatever's going
on over there for our next real world
camera test I'm going to use my
be sick like this I'm not actually going
to take pictures and Jack's going to
film me while I take selfie pictures
with some of the street performers I
just want to say as a disclaimer I
highly recommend you do not solicit he's
like costume street performers I'm just
doing it because I don't know it seemed
like a funny idea right yeah hell yeah
okay ready hi can I have a photo
how did you looking for Kade yeah looks
amazing
pistol clear
it's like being at a strip club okay
who's next
in that situation I'm like this week
before work
oh I see it
nice to meet you take care take care
happening
weirdest little weird as they are done
in New York City
and if we're good
I think you got it yeah okay one more
no okay okay Thank You girls here's some
here's some dollars again
yeah I was going to keep that
I was extremely uncomfortable I should
say for the record I don't know that
I've ever really been to a strip club
but I now have blue paint on me who's
next
Elmo the plan was to like get my picture
taken with every one of these three
performers but I panic around those
girls because I just wanted it to end
and I gave them all of our tipping money
let's get out of let's get out of here
man this is freaking me out look at this
woman
no-no-no
in conclusion pretty impressive stuff
especially crazy when you think like
this was my first vlogging camera this
was I literally used to vlog like this
back in the day this has 400 lines of
resolution that cellphone has 4,000
couple caveats I really don't like how
narrow the lenses on an iPhone on this
thing I use that this is like a
wide-angle adapter it's made by a
company called moment this is what they
look like they make really good stuff
it changes your relationship with the
phone I also put a microphone on there
because if you're gonna use this as like
a camera you need better sound other
than that nice work Apple computers I
give this thing a thumbs up
hey let's go I'm Tony you should follow
me on beam at beam Tony because I'm a
baker and I live in Canada and I go high
school and I have so much cool stuff in
my life I just want to share it with you
all right call me I'll give you what
we're getting
