somebody needs to help Batman guy
I used to be so into rollerblading today
is day two of green juice
yes sir went really well late last night
I had one handful of Lucky Charms just
like a hand in the box and then straight
into the Boca other than that yesterday
was all green juice except for the salad
I had for dinner
besides the salad and the lucky day -
here we go
Marlon you see how famous you are now
really you seen this oh that's nice haha
that's nice that's nice the most famous
ups mayro internet celebrity Marlon the
lone man you know what's gonna happen up
here no right it's gonna be Marlon I'm
Casey yeah partner what is this Ali more
shirts all shirts yes hello I love you
girl I did you know what you know what
happened done but uh beam inspired me
not to but get myself a good camera do a
little videos and so forth you need to
be doing video you start vlog and you
see the biggest guy in the internet
universe dude there's some beans but you
like that beep ah we got to be that for
you to kiss you you don't know I have
some friends who never thought like what
a hottie
that would be really like an old boy I
have to be maybe Dave because of this
guy hey I'll talk to you soon yeah take
care time so my man also pleasure Kacie
letter Marla hit ya so first Marlon was
on the vlog and then you guys bought him
an iPhone via crowdsourcing and then he
got on beam and now he's one of the most
popular users on beam and then then tech
insider writes this article about him
there's the man there it's all about how
awesome Marlon is Marlon is killing it
on beam it is 2:05 p.m. I only had one
juice today that was leftover from
yesterday
so all I've eaten today has been 11
ounces of like celery juice physik my
brain is only working in black and white
anyways long story long I'm gonna go get
some more juice right now because
outfielder
good what a glorious day out here what's
happening here here TV show photo beer
be affair okay thank you
TV show called the affair thank you
how you doing oh yeah that's me take
care I can't really ride the skateboard
control the skateboard drink a smoothie
and carry a bag of juice at the same
time so I'm just going to sit here and
quietly drink my smoothie and met I'll
go back to work
see this taxi cab right here taxi a
police car they use taxicabs as top
cards so people don't suspect anything
cool right I've never done this before
and in fact it's probably a bad idea but
on my website on my website there's a
little subtle contact button right there
and anyone who emails me on the
day-to-day that's where they email me
through our you're like a thousand a day
I don't read them all I skim them all if
I read them all it would take more than
24 hours every day I tried to have
somebody else like go through them but
it felt like they're really personal
some of those emails so this kid emailed
me and asked me to do him a favor that's
what this is all right let's let me just
hey
okie dokie this here this guy this is
Gabe hello Gabe
wanted me to ask if Sydney here would go
to homecoming with him please and there
they are
Sydney Gabe wants to go to homecoming
with you and even though I don't know
Gabe personally he seemed very
persistent seems like a very polite
young man and despite the extraordinary
awkwardness of this photo I think you
two look very cute together so Sydney
you should say yes to going to a Home
Coming with Gabe all right I'm going
home now
something exciting is happening on this
block I literally been waiting for this
for two years for two years this fancy
grocery store was supposed to open up on
our block and I think that they're
opening very soon check it out look at
the dough perishables in there
this guy setting up the drinks oh yeah
they're opening soon no filming okay
well they got mad at me for filming in
there but that's a Sunday Oh JC JC yeah
come on in take some shots oh yeah I'm
coming in okay wasn't being yelled at I
was being waved in like come check this
place out we're not getting a tour so we
have a scratch kitchen in every store
that's very close thank you I'm sure
this isn't exciting for you but for me
this is very exciting
good luck congratulations I'll see you
in the morning thank you bye guys take
care of Daisy honey I got a tour we're
maker ROG tomorrow it's awesome in there
hi baby
Candace went to get her nails done I
stayed here with the baby I gave her a
bath I put her to bed it's not working
Franny you want to go see mommy instead
yeah yeah we can go see mommy yeah all
right let's go for a walk
there's mommy
gross what is this okay see what happens
you said I got elephant feet ready ready
thank you so much thank you
I just ran over my toe
Candace are we home Frannie you're going
to bed now you're not waking back up
what's up guys my name is Billy Cano I'm
29 years old I live in Austin Texas you
should follow me on being because I'm a
traveling salesman a new place a new
adventure every week
B I ll see a and O hope that made sense
Billy Cano on B thanks see you later
