hmm
640 in the morning I have a shoot this
morning it's actually like a fitness
situation shoot but I don't know how
good of a workout that to me so I'm
getting in a quick run before that early
morning shoot
September is the greatest time of the
year to run in New York City all right
that was seven and a half miles at a
6:15 pace I'm glad I got the workout in
yeah I really like
they fly thank you sort of some sort of
movie should happening here pas are
getting their morning instructional
laughs I it today is day three of my
Jesus diet last night didn't work out I
ate an entire box of Lucky Charms that
was kind of a screw-up besides that all
green juice and look at this the moment
has arrived
we're mega Rogers open
not actually in here to work this
morning I just came in to grab my
skateboard and drop off my laptop
I'm on my way to this like weirdo Nike
exercise private space in Soho and I
think we're treated like a little
fitness video there this morning
honestly I have no idea what to expect
this is always such a tight spot here
riding this thing out of town to town
rezoning I'm a bit tricky
what's up homie ladies and gentlemen
this is mr. Dave Infante you should
follow him on snapchat if you don't
already please do what's going on he's
super famous on snapchat not true how do
you do it you have a machete back there
oh that's just nice okay ready
nicely done I am now arriving at this
weirdo Nike space to get my work out
what exactly are we doing we're just
gonna break a sweat that's all we're
gonna do
and why did if why are there two hours
for us here um because this is it it
looks dodgy but I keep the door locked
by appointment only hi
whoa the coolest like weird hi
I feel like I'm in the future Carly you
got a locker - oh my gosh I don't even
think that would fit me we should go run
we've never done that I don't know what
probably because I'm slowing you're fast
and that's just why we haven't gone for
a run okay we're about to begin our
workout now I think we're shooting a
YouTube video for Carly's Channel is
that we're doing um yes perhaps but
we're also I'm gonna kick your ass in
this workout so and then apparently
Carly can achieve my ass in this workout
it's gonna kick both of our ass okay
everyone is jay-z that's it
okay workout complete how do you feel
I'm ready for enough bye guys thank you
again
see you later if you want to see the
video that Carly made go to her channel
it's linked below what are you gonna
have this up okay I'm gonna go that was
fun I probably could have skipped the
run this morning
when ohm came clean myself up I'm now on
my way to Francine music class which is
every Friday I can't really film in our
music class is just about the cutest
thing ever
like 10 babies sitting in a circle
singing songs beating on a drum I try to
build something I've literally done
nothing for the last four and a half
hours but sit here taking phone calls
that's what this headsets about which I
had to plug in an extra battery because
my phone battery keeps dying and your
phone calls respond to do 163 emails so
far it's just like a communication
assault today that's been my afternoon
that's my mail okay thank you sir
yeah
you guys not doing raw organic vegan
Houston sorry again for president just
tater tots and cheeseburgers huh I'm
glad we're all in this together
do you want to play with your new toy
okay let Daddy set it up don't touch the
camera don't touch it are you waving to
the camera come on go down the tunnel
yeah ah no no just that don't no no not
that
I'm too big for the baby tunnel is that
funny hi I'm Sam that's me and you
should follow me on beam because I like
to travel to different places and my
hair changes at least once a month so
stay tuned for the hair color next month
my username on beam is hi hello Samm
with two M's
