sleek car man I'm running the Brooklyn
this morning I am seven miles out in Red
Hook Brooklyn that's where I started
right there I haven't been running as
much as I should be lately I have the
New York City Marathon in like six weeks
I haven't trained at all I need to get
my together whoa check this out those
are two military helicopters flying in
formation okay now's eleven point two
miles at a 7:58 pace had to cut it short
cuz I'm late for work
story of my life love always waiting for
you kinda
feel glamorous today oh really I do I
by
11 miles not a bad run this morning but
not where I should be considering the
marathon is so soon tough summer with
training because of work and the baby
starting today I'm going to give greater
priority to my running and training diet
and all that stuff if I give greater
priority to my running and training diet
and all that stuff especially my diet my
diet has been particularly egregious of
late let me uh let me walk you through
what I've been eating you see over at
bean headquarters we kind of have an
unlimited snack selection and I have an
affinity for snack so that's probably
been the biggest offender I get usually
starts with a bowl or two of honey nut
cheerios always honey nut never the
regular Cheerios because regular
Cheerios clearly don't have enough sugar
then in between breakfast and lunch I
usually have like one of these and maybe
one of these which is a little salty so
I complement that with one of these and
then I usually have a reasonable lunch
and what that means is basically
whatever Ally orders me so yesterday
that was a sandwich the day before I
think it was Vietnamese or Thai food you
know like a normal lunch then for an
afternoon snack I'll usually have a warm
D my Nana used to give these to me I eat
a lot of this this is my favorite snack
but there's no way it's healthy the
quantity that I consume I usually have a
couple of these or sometimes if I'm
feeling adventurous I will have one of
these and then throughout the entire day
I'll usually have a sprinkling of GG's
this skin you know I really enjoy sugar
from time to time that's why half of my
teeth are rotting out of my head it's
one of our can disorders me which is
take out and then usually I have Lucky
Charms on top of that that's it that's
that's that's what I eat and that's not
good
so starting right now for the next three
days I'm going to swap all of this out
and just rank this stuff and what you're
looking at here is your classic
overpriced organic raw vegan juice for
three days that's the idea now I'm no
dietitian I'm no expert but pretty sure
if I drink nothing but this stuff for
three days my system will be cleansed
and then I can go back to my normal diet
remember yesterday me complaining about
the noise pollution what is going on
when I go check it out what is happening
here
there's dollar pizzas on fire whoa
they've been blocking all of Broadway
Jerome's going to show me something it
can't be included in today's vlog he's
going to show me I'm gonna bleep all
this out no don't even say it ok sorry
guys
Jerome and I are now in a walk it's a
walk and talk we're trying to figure out
how to make a movie about this thing
that we can't talk about can't talk
about it sorry that I have to say to you
that we can't talk about something but
we really can't talk about it it's not
my call what is going on over here dude
if a Ghostbuster car take care guys that
right there is the fire house from
Ghostbusters and those guys I guess just
have their own Ghostbuster mobile twos
press yeah all of those are mine there's
two more yeah thank you
healthy you later thank you later drum
I'll see you tomorrow
tomorrow we shoot
boosted board hates cobblestones Jerome
and I are making YouTube video tomorrow
a video for his channel not for my
channel for the video that he doesn't
want me to talk about that's our big
secret
drones one of my closest friends so I'm
sorry I can't divulge the secret but
it'll be on YouTube soon enough
it's 6:00 p.m. I'm a full day into
nothing but juice I'm not hungry I'm
just like angry stay stay
good girl
where do you wanna go where do you want
to go little me Freddy any get some food
some people food
watermelon
I am getting food here but the food I'm
getting is just a salad which is
technically solid juice so I don't think
it's cheating I'm still on the whole
juice thing
No
I'm gonna taste it
franciene we know you're faking it time
for your bath and then you go to bed
time for bath and bed what's up
everybody my name is Kinetico and this
is my friend Joey we both go to college
in Illinois a pretty fun fact about me
and why you should follow me on beam is
I've had a concussion for the past week
and beam due to it being dark and the
only social media that doesn't show you
video is the only social media I can
actually use it's that pretty
interesting Joey so my name is Joey I'm
baby kanga and beam I like adventure II
stuff and I'm an art major and you
should follow me on because we're about
to go on hit the dirt jumping track with
my boy Jeff
