please accept our sincerest apologies
for not be able to support you on the
matter fortunate love reasons
right 9:00 a.m. meeting this morning
certainly 903 keeping late for meetings
if you're out here that means I'm not
late late
what's going on here how's life you make
it look nice yesterday I posted a 360
video of my office and the tin 4k super
high definition so you can inspect this
whole office but I'm going to point out
three three things that maybe you didn't
notice versus this picture that's my
brother van that's me and that's my
sister Jordan so I hope you didn't
notice that okay number two this letter
from Porsche from 2005 addressed to me
from whoever this is dr. Porsche
dear mr. Knight said thank you very much
for your kind inquiries we blah blah
blah blah blah blah however we are not
able to support your project alright
this was I did a show in Paris and there
wasn't enough money to do all the things
that I wanted to do in the show so I
asked Porsche to sponsor it in to give
us I think a hundred thousand dollars in
a bunch of Porsches that was the letter
they sent me in response saying no we
will not sponsor your show okay
the third thing maybe you didn't notice
in here would be this license plate here
this is a license plate for my old
motorcycle looks legit right okay I
almost went to jail because I was pulled
over by a cop who touched this license
plate and realized it's not a real
license plate but a piece of paper taped
to a piece of plastic I lost my license
plate so I just made one in Photoshop
and what I didn't realize is that like
this is a major federal offense
counterfeit license plates it's my real
license plate number anyways don't do
that okay now we can begin for today's
Q&A I asked you guys what the theme of
the Q&A should be honestly I didn't
really like any of the ideas that came
at me so I just suggested that today's
theme should be New York City all
questions pertaining to New York City
okay let's begin Casey where do you go
grocery shopping in New York City uh we
don't go grocery shopping sometimes you
go to Whole Foods but that's just for
fun so we order it using Amazon Prime or
another service and it just kind of
shows up at the door
Laurens asks how do you cope with noise
pollution Lawrence of all of the
difficulties that are living in New York
City noise pollution is the one that
Trump's them all for me it makes me
crazy like the smell of rotten garbage
juice that just floods your face first
thing in the morning when you step
outside is nothing for me compared to
noise pollution so how I cope with it is
not very well and it will be like the
main reason why I leave this city hear
that noise I'm inside of a building
Conrad asks where do you do the most
epic time lapses you know the beauty of
this city is that you go anywhere I just
point the camera and it's incredible
this entire city is like a movie set my
favorite places are on the fringe of the
city where you can actually see the
skyline but honestly it's like this city
is so cinematic it's one of the reasons
why I love it Glen asks where's your
favorite place to relax in New York City
I don't relax in New York City we leave
the city to relax
Isaac Rosen asks why New York City great
question I was like really an outcast
when I lived outside of the city I never
felt like my ideas were welcomed or
warranted and I was kind of always told
I was wrong and New York City is like
this Isle of refuge for people who are
sort of outliers people who don't
we follow the norm that's why I moved to
New York City I never felt like I
belonged or fit in in this world until I
moved here to New York City why don't
you like the subway of New York City I
love that the subway exists it's an
incredible incredible thing I just don't
like being in the subway I don't like
being close to people ever that's
probably the biggest thing I don't like
being underground
I feel trapped there and also it's like
you have no control in the subway I
can't control whether it goes or stops
or get stuck or is air conditioned or is
hot and that freaks me out how tall is
the Statue of Liberty 305 feet
Colleen asks what's the one thing about
New York City that most people don't
know I would say that people here are
incredibly friendly it's when you're all
like 8 million 9 million people packed
into a tiny little city you have to be
good neighbors and you have to share
space and the city has this app don't
get me wrong but for the most part the
people here are incredibly friendly and
helpful and nice and you all sort of
share a common bond which is that you
share this small space do you recommend
living in New York City yes I think
everyone should live here at least once
in their life if New York City were to
have it if New York City were to have a
taste what would it be it would either
be garbage or dollar pizza what made you
move to New York City I had nowhere else
to go Murray asks what's your favorite
skyscraper and what's the worst one my
favorite with that question is the
Empire State Building it just looks like
New York City and my least favorite is
the New World Trade Center it's this
awkward weird looking compromise thing
that looks like it belongs in Toronto no
offense Toronto all right last question
do you hear that noise listen
okay that's not noise pollution I was
talking about last question how big our
business potentials in New York City
just the potential of New York City like
if there's something you want to do and
you want to make it this is the place
for that
this is uniquely the place for that you
can do things here get away with things
here build things here start things here
that you can only do here and that is
the magic of New York City that's what
like Frank Sinatra says if you can make
it there you can make it anywhere if I
can
he's talking about here
whatever cool thing jay-z says in that
song about New York City
I'm the new Sinatra he's talking about
here and that is the magic of this place
the horror of this place is this
terrible noise pollution do you hear
this
the noise that these things make is my
least favorite sound that
that noise is my least favorite part of
New York City if you definitely go
follow me and be my username is Chloe
Donald because I'm a Scottish youtuber
you see all pint scenes of my new videos
boss check out the beautiful view look
at my customized beam sharp
