I can't talk super loud because the
baby's asleep I'm home alone
Candace's at work not much of a vlog
today but I did some vlogging this
morning we went to breakfast it wasn't
very good
we just finished breakfast
and the baby lost her shoe baby lost her
shoe then Candace bought a bunch of
fashion magazines
Candace is buying fashion magazines no
she spent eighty one dollars eighty one
dollars on magazines then we went inside
Jerome's new apartment
we're in Jerome's new apartment hi I'm
Jerome then I walked through Chinatown
now we're on a walk in Chinatown then we
went home to give the baby a nap now
we're going on to give the baby a nap
and that's kind of it that's been my
whole day putting the baby to sleep now
good night
very well the reason why there's a short
vlog today is because later this
afternoon I'm releasing a very special
video last week I released my first 360
video did really well got like a million
views but everybody had the same
criticism which is that the resolution
wasn't high enough the image was too
mushy
so today September 14th at 3 p.m. I'm
going to be releasing a new 360 video
this one is razor sharp it's so sharp
that if you're not careful when you
touch the screen you might cut yourself
it's 8,000 lines of resolution what does
that mean the last 360 video we shot at
1080 so 1000 lines of resolution this
one we shot at 8k and it's on YouTube in
4k so you can watch it at crazy
resolution also it works really good on
a phone but honestly we shot this thing
on such high-end gear you'd be better
off find a computer that has a really
good internet signal so you can watching
them 4k and really get into it on a
computer some other things to know if
you're on a Mac you can navigate around
the screen using these keys alright
that's it
so tune in today 3 p.m. for the launch
of my new 360 video it's going to be
dope do you want to see what I'm going
to play with until Francine wakes up
I've got this to keep me busy
what you just saw there those are fresh
bananas being grown in a Vermont rest
stop this is what is called a living
machine that's purifying all the water
used here now I live in New England and
I love to show you guys these very
interesting things on beam so follow me
at Oliver Ames Oliver liked the twist
Ames is a mes and I'll show you all this
stuff on beam on a daily basis we'll see
you there
