Griffin here worse at Discovery be our
virtual reality this is what he knows
where than anything else today he
brought me this glorious 4k rig click 4
click K in the lower left-hand corner
for insane high-definition on this you
want to hang out yeah I just like
chilling Mike you learn something yes
learn right this is going to be a studio
tour where I talk about my studio good
I'm in ok let's begin
ah this here this is my overhead Shuba
move it this is where I shoot like all
of my animations my title sequences
everything else this piece of wood here
is what the camera attacted whoa is what
the camera attaches to get those down on
the surface
white deli paper here as like as a
service to draw a circle - because it's
really cheap - ooh soon as it pops on
the screen or any flat this this is
yourself but it absorbs the light in a
way that is totally non reflective so
it's really really super a tiny history
about this is that I built this
immediately after moving into this space
like 13 years ago now is the first thing
I built and this is just plumbing pipe
and this is just by one there's nothing
more to it than that it was like I
didn't cost out 80 bucks I built this
whole thing into this day thing that you
wanted anything okay this garbage can
I built because garbage cans are always
better at throwing meals cleaning
supplies release spray paint cans when
you spray paint times you just need
spray and then this is my like the
workshop this is the tool shop this will
be lumber this is where I build things
everything in this studio that you see
it was either built by me or one of my
really trusted co-workers like Jack
Jack's really the only that I trust
enough in here to like really take care
of this studio in a way that I know is
not going to be damaging so he also
built stuff with me all of these tools
are the tools that I need the most
y'all quick access quick access tools
like drill hammer blow torch things like
that up here are things I refer to us
this monitor right here I hope you can
see that this monitor right here is
actually a camera so I can see what's
going on the other side of this door
super super cool because you just never
know be knocking at the door so not
Marling the UPS guides and I just like
crazy people that want comes it high or
whatever it might be emergencies you
always in a fire for that here this is a
custom-built mount for our telephone
this bore you're super cool these are
pictures this is means shooter at the
time now well protected by just like
extra bulletproof glass that you happen
to have this whole back here is like a
baseball bat accidentally broke we fixed
it with just like super super strong
putty it actually hardens further than
steel so this is like a broken in half
repaired
baseball bat and don't think you can
actually hit a ball with it but it works
for what we have in here for which is
just like kind of a novelty
kind of a novelty like
as like security so like if somebody's
giving you a hard time here is like I'll
take you high laying around so real good
thing for it these are my sleep would
have the skateboards raid5 the door so I
grabbed them as we're walking out always
be the stapler hinges this pass in this
afternoon look this so we have them
there this is my painting setup I used
to do a lot more painting and I trophy
do but and we still keep it after my
stuff is this blank space here this
blank space here is where we hang
canvases for painting and things like
that
Oh again I don't see as much as I'd like
to I wish I could paint for this here
this is the backup benefit so this is
like the assistant can do the editing
this is the harddrive VHS collection all
of these are
DVDs from ATO series this monitors just
outside some notes going on outside
tape collection I love tape so I'll have
a really good collection of tape ac for
fresh air
you never know sometimes you can get a
little bit hazy in here then just is
like arty crap stuff for building
animations spans painting supplies crown
just to keep all kinds of stuff in here
and the goal is like when you need
something good to have access to it you
should be able to make your prop kill
the shooting movie shoot the blog
whatever it is
that'd be my shoot I really wish we had
or markers or an axe to do something
with this is only the small part of the
studio but I hope this was informative
ya know I learned a lot
yeah cool I love that book okay thank
you so much for tuning in I hope you
enjoyed the 260 video thank you for your
help
um anytime I appreciate it if you're not
subscribed already subscribe new videos
every day at 8 a.m.
how you doing there charlie
