okay just got back with Devin after a
long skateboard ride and there's Jack
coin in his tuxedo for our special vlog
announcement okay like two weeks ago
Jack and I were at the VMAs beaming
we're like official beam correspondence
at the Video Music Awards this weekend
Jack was invited to miss Miss America
Miss America beauty pageant
you should definitely follow Jack on
beam when is it tomorrow Wednesday
Sunday night Jack will be beaming live
from the Miss America beauty pageant and
he's going to be wearing this handsome
tuxedo even though I highly recommended
he wear this which is what I told him he
should wear because it's a beauty
pageant
you look great Jack Thanks
in 655 a.m. I'm headed into the office
early start today
today is September 11th September 11th
is probably my least favorite day of the
year I'm not going to be doing anything
special for today's vlog about September
11th if you want to know why you can
watch a movie I made a little while ago
I'll link it below that's all about why
I hate September 11th the whole like
never forget
I believe in forgetting I'm trying to
forget yo I don't Casey nice timing it's
good to meet you man
give me let's go in yeah yo dub Jack
Griffin I was really pumped on my 360
experience from last week Griffin here
is on the virtual reality team at
Discovery the Discovery Channel
Discovery Network so he's also never
been on a hoverboard before he's giving
me and Jack a little tutorial about how
you use like really high end 360 year
because he is like the world's leading
expert on that I'm not cutting that out
it's book by the way
okay this is this is the behind the
scenes for the 360 shoot that'll stay up
there right yeah ready powered on
whatever set up there Jack hey so I'm in
the hallway of my building right now
sorry to interrupt that amazingness that
was going on but I don't want to give
away what's actually happening I want to
save that for when we show you what
we're actually making with Griffin the
guy from Discovery I'm just going to cut
it off there TuneIn it'll be on the
channel soon it's not in this vlog
though but just trust when I say we were
doing something really amazing Griffin
how does that compare to your other
discovery shoots we've been told we've
done a lot of things and nothing that
dangerous okay awesome thank you for
coming by thanks Casey thanks for that
awesome
I appreciate it looks good on you Griff
on beam okay I should follow this guy on
being ah dude I'll talk to you soon
speaking of amazing I have someone
coming by the studio right now who's one
of my favorite youtubers on all of the
interweb to make some of the best most
fun high production content on all of
YouTube and I'm so pumped to have them
on the blog and to finally get it by my
studio anybody how's it going finally
after all the helical pillow this is
Devon's first time visiting the studio
first time in person
I'm excited about this I see another
vlog they're calling us Universal that
marriage is for that reason okay the
reason why this mirror is here is
because there's a camera here
aha and a camera here okay so if you put
a mirror here people will always stare
at themselves and not notice the cameras
it's a fad inside our scope yeah Wow and
that camera is there just so we can see
right here to see what's out there who's
banging at the door team Supertramp so
if I had to describe the work that Devon
here does by the way you've definitely
seen his work if you think for a second
it's up with Mike
but it's like super high production
action-packed videos is that fair
that is exactly a fair now we love it
okay and we wanted to do like a collabo
today I don't know what that
collaboration should look like but we're
starting by my default which is to get
on two high-powered electric skateboards
and just see what happens all right I
got the Chargers all right let's see it
all right ready okay easy easy I'll tell
you people all over you okay go looking
good
bye guys at the cops doctor yet well
they're cool here man look at this fancy
gear so are you shooting for k6k
actually little overkill for YouTube but
it's all about the future Devin who's
filming right now just have you racing
on the longboard holding this rig out
like this was it heavy yeah but I think
I got the shot now it's about 25 pounds
right there god is that heavy you're
sure gonna keep that on your shoulder
it's the only way we're all about
putting the camera in danger you and I
break your camera it's like a few
hundred bucks to replace that this guy
shooting it's serious hardware fifty
thousand dollars that's what that cost
just for the body it's about seven
thousand dollars oh my god today is
September 11th and we're right by the
World Trade Center
so NYPD has like a lot of cops out and
there's SWAT patrol vehicles coming out
buddy they didn't weigh back what
happened to you do fall no sorry like
okay you know good and we're just
chillin waiting for Casey what we're
doing is collaboration together I'm
surprising them with this footage so he
may or may not use it that's the World
Trade Center there I said this wasn't a
September 11th vlog it's not but just
you know there it is I missed the old
ones a lot we've been out for what four
hours shooting like Devin's awesome
movie which I will link below
pretty good day neither of us have
gotten hurt yet on the skateboards thank
God but you had a close call
yeah very close this I lost Devon I knew
this is going to happen he doesn't know
his way around the city and he's not an
electric skateboard I take it back
I found Devon
looking good man Tonto hit it don't hit
it
nice save alright okay just got back
with Devin Devin I might have to leave
you here to pack up I gotta get home man
I know today time today was awesome now
I mean it oh right but in its rare that
I get to work with someone as skilled as
Devin but amazing guy his channels link
below by the way yeah daddy major
Roberto what's up I'm thorough I'm from
South East England Kent which is about
an hour away on the train from London in
England obviously I said that already
I think you should follow me being
because of try make everything as
interesting as possible and I always
talk to my viewers I really reach out
and talk to my views personally so if
you're into that kind of thing
check me out be my name is Terrell ta ry
double-l check me on being thank you
very much
