what's going on here got ourselves a
police situation
7:00 a.m. I've got my running gear on
but I'm not going for a run this morning
I'm doing a photo shoot for a runner's
world magazine and they asked me to
dress in my running gear yeah
Oh
it's now 9 a.m. I'm on my way to a
meeting at a coffee place in Greenwich
Village business meeting
what's up dude
I just had a request that there's that
there needs to be more of you in the
block I'm fine Electrify that one thanks
for the time
good to see you it was a always a
pleasure hanging out started a nice hat
by the way
thank you is I heard a special edition
I'm gonna see if I get to work safely
with hey guys yeah so that was my friend
Dennis Crowley Dennis is the CEO of a
company called Foursquare they make
pretty amazing app all Foursquare you
should check it out we were just talking
about being stuff super smart guy this
mess Broadway through Soho is one of the
worst stretches for the skateboard
I do for my son yeah he's going he's
gonna die alright we're gonna get back
our okay nice to meet you I might have
been the most dangerous selfie I've ever
taken back in the office I think a new
male time for those of you who are new
to the vlog and maybe you don't know
what male time is male time is when I
open all these packages here there's
always so many negative comments on male
time day cuz everybody says I'm
ungrateful
I am grateful I love presents let's get
started baby wipes that's a first some
clothing thanks Kevin
this box is tremendously heavy
thanks for all this nice stuff Paul I
love gourmet snacks well this is awesome
thank you saving this this we packaged
shoelaces that light up in the dark
that's a pretty awesome gift okay you're
awesome for sending Candice this present
I'll make sure she gets it Carson thank
you for this drawing it's a very nice
drawing of me I appreciate the frame
that's pretty amazing thank you
how can you love your videos and thought
this decays to be a perfect thing for
you to take your gear on-the-go let us
know if you want more of the TK's team
thank you guys for some reason I don't
trust that I just get me filled up with
broken glass oh my god this is an
attempt at promotion I really appreciate
you saying that this is for promotion is
just nothing but a look at the size of
this bag of gummy bear there's like 10
of those in here this person wants to
promote an app called Weebly here pause
your screen read this long letter and
then do whatever Tim asks because he
sent me like an insane amount of candy
thanks Tim guess what's inside this box
another box and then another box another
box and another box no more boxes whoo
these energy bars I don't see a note I'm
just gonna assume this is from the
company thank you all to energy bars
oh here's the note you inspired me to
start my youtube channel called retro
well I make stuff out of wood okay
Douglas thank you for this note I'd like
to promote Douglass's youtube channel
called retro weld because although I
haven't seen it he says I make stuff out
of wooden steel I have a great
appreciation people who make things with
their hands okay but check out what he
sent me a brand new g-shock with an
all-black
face Thank You Douglas
no way I don't even see a note there's a
business card that says getaway moments
okay this is an entirely mechanical as
in not digital GoPro mount on top of
what sounds like a clock listen screw in
a tripod on the bottom put a GoPro on it
hit record and you'll get perfect time
lapses that have this is amazing thank
you
get away moments calm for sending this
to me cuz this is awesome okay big box
hi Casey love your channel one to send
you a few of our accessories to help
with your filming neat Bryan Bryan thank
you let's see what you gave me whoa just
a body mount this looks like a 3-axis
gimbal to me thank you i love camera
gear this will make the vlog a better
place okay last box for today dear Casey
if you're gonna hoverboard in the year
2015 you have to look fly here's a
Hatton in the original SmartWatch your
friends at carving costume check out
this watch alright thus concludes
today's mail time thanks
smells like weed out here somebody's
smoking some pot again just wanted to
say thank you for all the amazing
presents that everyone sent me
especially for this sweet watch
hey guys my name is Julie I live in
Taiwan do you want to see a school that
everyone wears when uniform
follow me on TV baby be my fake face see
what high school life is like in Taiwan
you
