this is a very important disclaimer this
video is not an advertisement for
McDonald's this is not done with their
involvement and definitely not done with
their permission kind of a special
presentation in today's vlog this is
Oscar
you might remember Oscar from previous
films Oscar and I like two years ago two
years ago we're in Hong Kong Singapore
Hong Kong we're in Hong Kong shooting
some video for something while in Hong
Kong we did a restaurant review of a
Hong Kong McDonald's where we eat all
their weird food and stuff creamy this
is
today's vlog is part two of that video
we're going to go review another
McDonald's very special McDonald's
five more minutes create your own burger
okay look good she's not a dollar menu
all right this is it Oscar delicious new
day at McDonald's a bold new experience
all right
create your own come on Oscar is custom
building his McDonald's burger on this
computer machine you can do all four
cheeses times three okay so that's 12
times the amount of cheese yeah huh okay
this is it this is Oscar's burger he's
got two quarter-pound patties three
times bacon a roll three times parmesan
three times pepper jack three times
grilled tomato three times quoi three
times
onions oh my job do you want one too hot
one I'm gonna go with something slightly
more conservative we're having a lot of
fun are you in here before
oh my grades I check how was it let's
have how was the burger yes sir
thanks for the input
you can't know yeah yeah no no this way
okay I'm sorry sorry for the trouble
okay this is kind of a throwback to our
situation in Hong Kong where you're not
allowed to film in here hold help no
photos okay sorry yeah we're not filming
we're shooting video my one criticism of
the place is that this music is
overbearing
here comes our burgers whoa that's it
yes you is that one burger yeah thank
you
oh my thank you looks beautiful you may
look what is the prize uh I'm okay yeah
thank you though
appreciate it thank you
Oscar's burger is so big that they had
to put it in two baskets and it takes up
an entire tray this is just the
accoutrement that's the burger this is
what's on it there's so much cheese on
this thing
I just need the picture this is gonna be
the thumbnail I lost you
it looks amazing
you wanna bite yeah how about it'll
loosen up the jaw isn't it
I just ate cheese you got the cheese bye
you are legitimately going to finish
that I cook the Baker now and we didn't
really eat the fries but I killed my
burger and then Oscar killed his and his
at least three times the burger of my
burger
xxx bacon don't do it don't even try but
12 times the cheese here's the
conclusive review okay let's bring in an
Oscar okay on a scale of one to ten one
being a regular like rest stop highway
side of the road McDonald's in ten being
like the best restaurant you've ever
been atmosphere is like a five music's
too loud that's such an easy thing it
brings it down cleanliness on a scale of
regular McDonald's to the best ever
seems like a six it's like a well above
average in here for New York City
McDonald's I'd give it a a the fries
were like a chew I think there were like
the same as regular McDonald's I just
give them a slight bump up because of
that handsome basket they came in yeah
they weren't that great this service I
do not I give it a ten absolutely a ten
like like they were nice they were
attented they were fast no assumptions
about what we were doing whatsoever it
isn't just what these guys want we're
gonna give it to them
here are your twenty hot sauces but the
main thing the burgers um I give it like
a seven eight I was shocked at how good
it was
agree I'm firm eight and a half I asked
them to mix a number of ingredients that
don't go together and it still tasted
very good it was good okay and for
presentation my god
when can you order a burger and it comes
out and it looks like that let's get the
hell uh in conclusion new fancy
mcdonald's thumbs up thumbs up and
that's worth tasting what that's it the
hell out here yeah let's go to lunch
hi I'm Devin I'm from Oakland California
I love traveling exploring doing weird
things I wish I had more time to explain
it to you so follow me on beam username
debo de vo
