after your home because the baby's
hungry and we're all out of baby food at
the beach go back to the beach now I got
the baby food I went with the Paris
mango papaya right
oh wait nobody's up just you and me but
I help me at it he didn't if she thinks
that she's making this alright in time
what are you doing Oh Sita okay so maybe
she's a little too close to the screen
all right I'll see you in like an hour
running to the gym really quick and by
running I mean taking the electric
skateboard then I'm going to catch back
up with the women
hope they're open tonight I hope they're
open say I hope they're open today
uh-oh we're good
I never get more than a half a step
right up agenda
I just hate a few weights some pretty
serious downhill not many Hills like
this in New York City you want to race
think I'm probably faster than that
yellow car
all right maybe not got him down
are you ready
you ready Joe okay come on ready yeah
ready
like we're not the only ones that have
this idea we're gonna leave the baby hey
Frannie look at her she's like a
princess in her chariot comfortable
there
it's a choo-choo train okay don't care
your dog was puking don't let her eat
the grass okay all right just is that
you're a penny board up there yeah can
you give me a ride back to my house I
want to I want to try that
okay so just hold on right I got okay
okay that's full throttle
forget up to speed
careful decoding I wonder how many
people you could pull that's a great bus
all right good luck don't go dying on me
hey hi sorry for the interruption
I was just shooting that on the
skateboard I'm halfway through the shot
my new camera cut out this is my new
camera it's a Sony rx100 mark 4 it's
like a $900 point-and-shoot camera and
typically I only use Canon of how to
destroy some they aren't perfect but
they're reliable and they work all I get
is this error message see that our
message
try to change it nothing stuck in this
just pisses me off I think I'm gonna go
back to my old canon g7x which doesn't
have the picture quality of this thing
but at least it never leaves me hanging
Oh show me I wanted to love this thing
was wrong with you
ok back to our whatever's going out in
the blog right now we're going to
feature the baby's crawled about a
quarter of a mile she started here then
traversed over here back down here over
here up here around here around there
then up to here where she's currently
holding court
I think she's ever going to stop to
crawl home teaching Francine how to vlog
you can do it oh no no you have to look
into the camera and say hey guys what's
up what a vlogger sailing that with
granny you got to talk into the camera
hold it up right this this baby would
make a terrible vlogger just a super
quick update on the little tirade I went
on before got it working again I don't
know whether or not to go back to it I'm
not mad anymore you know that thing like
when your girlfriend or your boyfriend
cheats on you and you hate them you say
you'll never speak to them again and
then like you sort of forget about it
and miss them and fool me once shame on
anyways I think I'm gonna go back to the
Sony it's just like the image quality is
so much better than the Canon even
though the Canon never lets me down and
the Sony well
bye-bye Frannie you're stuck with me
lady have a fun night with granny you
keep that on come on wait I don't know
what movie to watch Oh
are there any I'm turning this ones and
we're off bye bye
so where we going um
yeah I'll eat everything
does that mean I have to pay let me
guess you didn't bring your mom like I
like okay that's it Oh jagged rock moly
where your guacamole from just decided
walk out during your thing okay thank
you I want to give this restaurant
called East Coast tacos a plug
can I say something nice about it can to
say something oh and say something good
about this restaurant has good food okay
there's your endorsement East Coast taco
hey sorry again for the interruption
it's tomorrow but see these little
wavelengths these little mountains this
is the audio up until this point in the
vlog and then after that there's just
nothing no audio to speak of all the way
through I'm sure it was my fault I just
want you to know the rest of the vlog is
going to be like a montage because once
again I totally dumped the audio
