this is not a vlog this is not a vlog at
all this is just like a little note
before I'm a vlogger I'm a filmmaker
and if you go back and you look at the
first hundred films on this YouTube
channel you will find a hundred films
made by a filmmaker that is movies that
took like a great deal of production a
huge amount of time movies that I
consider precious and the first phase of
this YouTube channel or YouTube for me
was about having a means of distribution
for my films I got to thinking like
earlier this year and I got really
frustrated with how little content I was
putting out and I really just rethought
the whole thing enter this vlog and the
vlog at first was just an exercise in
what happens when I force myself to post
every single day it was never meant to
be sort of a log of what my life is the
vlog takes like myriad manifestations
sometimes it's just me talking to camera
sometimes just me opening mail sometimes
it's me going on a trip there is no one
formula for this vlog so with that I
want to talk about what I'm doing today
which will be a separate video not this
one and it is very far from what the
vlogs have been yesterday I went to this
event with my friend Roman and it was
for a company called Rico and they're
making a new 360-degree camera this by
the way is absolutely not a plug I'm not
being paid for this but they did give me
the camera for free I don't really know
what to do with it but I have seen the
incredible videos that my friend Louie
Cole has done I'll link those below you
should check them out watch them in 4k
they're amazing I saw a really crappy
video that Roman made a few months ago
using an older camera that looks like
this film amount of potato and as crappy
as the video was I still found it
fascinating to watch so did like 8
million other people who watch the video
that's also linked below so that's it
today's vlog sure is going to be our day
shot on these 360 cameras
fancy titles no fancy music no fancy
editing that's completely opposite of
your kid be interesting we're doing in
two parts one part of my channel one
part on Romans Channel what else am i
leaving out we're gonna do it all today
one day I have no idea what to expect
okay yeah I mean the best thing to
remember is this is this is kind of the
first of its kind
this hasn't been mastered yet you know
like we're pioneering it we're roaming
saying is if this sucks
bear with us this sucks it's my fault
the camera company also makes this um
what is that waterproof waterproof case
for the camera I thought you guys would
get a kick out
