what happened I'm just so happy we're in
a business let's go
got the upgrade fun it's early
my friend just texted me is on his way
here we're going early-morning surfing
yeah why do you look so chipper that's
why I'm feeling Sean I've been up for
hours
who's ready to serve
we already wait county line will be less
crowded and yeah let's cloud
let's crown it the wrong way you think
two of you you feed there this is tight
yeah let's take two cars not even close
Thanks we're going to county line which
is a surf beach that I mainly know about
from the Beach Boys song what song is it
the county line how does it go
what is going on
9 a.m. on a Tuesday how is it this many
adults can be out playing on the beach
at 9 a.m. on a Tuesday isn't anyone here
work
we're heading into it can't remember the
last time I went surfing
sit
it is now 6:40 p.m. the day is nearly
over we fly back to New York at 11:20
tonight but now it seems like a great
time okay because tonight we are
traveling back to New York City the
theme of today's Q&A is travel all right
first question is from you Casey Newton
what is the least terrible domestic
airline I don't know it's either virgin
or JetBlue are the least terrible
they're all terrible
JetBlue or virgin is probably the least
terrible Roderigo asks what do you like
the most what do you hate the most about
traveling what I hate the most is the
indignity that is airport security
forcing people to take off their clothes
and their shoes and stand there like
this and be patted down that's the worst
part the best part of travel is the
unknown as ubiquitous and accessible as
information is in this day and age to
actually experience something truly new
and travel affords that in a way that
nothing else does this question
dovetails nicely into my last answer
why does traveling feel so good it feels
so good because of that like surprise
and delight you don't know what you're
getting yourself into so it's a surprise
and then it's almost always amazing so
you're you're delighted with that
experience and those two sensations are
just like our magic best travel
companion without question
Owen my son because he's like tough he's
down for anything he's not afraid of
real adventure and he doesn't complain
and on top of all that he's my kid so
I'm always in charge and it's never like
a democracy like what do we want to do
it's a dictatorship dad makes the
decisions parenthetically the very worst
travel companion is my wife Candace what
tips can you give someone who wants to
travel more traveling by land is
extremely underrated
trains driving motorcycles bicycles
really incredible travel doesn't always
mean getting on an airplane and flying
to another continent did you ever have
much success upgrading airline seats
before you had premium status I made a
movie a little while ago about how to
get free business class and it's all
about status the only way to get status
is to fly a lot otherwise upgrades just
don't exist unless you have that status
which means you fly a lot Josh Crocker
any favorite travel vloggers yes fun for
Louie great Ben brown probably my
favorite I'll link both of them below
incredible travel vloggers both those
guys are always running around the world
and they share it in a way that it's
just like intimate and real it's like
you're traveling with a friend when you
watch their vlogs I'll link them below
claudia asks what's the longest light
you've ever been on non-stop the longest
flight in the world which is from New
York City to Singapore or New York City
to Hong Kong I can't remember I was with
my good friend Oscar boysson and it was
a blast
I was like sad when we landed how does
flying not scare you there's so many
good things to be scared of in this
world but air travel how often do you
get told to stop skateboarding in the
airport I don't know maybe like half the
time and the thinking about
skateboarding or breaking any rules in
the airport is the minute you're told
not to you just stop and you say I'm
sorry you pick up the skateboard and you
go on your way never pick a fight in the
airport there's just too much tension in
there already most interesting person
you sat next to in first class
I said next to Wiz Khalifa ones it was
awesome I think he might have been
stoned you had me crazy travel stories
that you haven't shared yes I do okay
good question this would be the last
question can you tell us about your
scariest flight ever yes this was at the
height of the war like 2010 and resuming
for dramatic effect here and the plane
itself had no markings on the outside
just a blank white plane and what was
particularly scary was in order for us
to land in the airport in Bagram Air
Force Base we first flew over the air
base like this and then we flew in a
circle around like that
and then landed and the reason why we
did that is because if you come in like
this they would shoot you down as you
got close to the ground so we had to get
above it and then circle down and then
the minute we landed a US soldier
boarded the plane with a gun and he said
give me your passports and when you get
out of the plane make sure we can see
your hands and your hats are off I don't
know what that detail scared the crap
out of me there were definitely guns on
us because they didn't know who we were
at that point in time that is by far the
scariest airplane experience of my
travel career okay that's concludes this
week's QA um Jack one anecdote about
travel go ah what is known about travel
go you makes it easier that's so you
want to want to want to see Jack get in
there swatch hey Jack how many times you
flown private ah like six or seven yeah
