check this guy out he's just killing it
I like your moves man I like your moves
yo Jack hey what's the UH what's the
plan for today oh that's today noon yeah
okay so then let's leave here by 11:00
you want to go swim in the ocean yeah
yeah you ready go swimming was
confiscated by security jacked out of
that
Jack dick the camera don't drop this
bunny games are over headed back to the
hotel now gotta get ready we have like a
day of somewhat uninteresting meetings
some cool and soo
but work day in LA today okay quick
shower shave change then we got to go
ready to go
how long have you been out here five
minutes I've been in their way sorry
I've been inside I just asked for a car
so we're psyched we're waiting anyway
Mercedes Mercedes Mercedes Mercedes
white BMW
and then this POS right here this is us
we're an embarrassment to this
establishment at on a budget
I'm telling you man currently on our way
to a guy's house his name's Lewis house
here's a podcast I'm doing his podcast
today I think this is where we're doing
the podcast not with these guys good
guys I have been in like the basement of
the White House before and it was easier
to get into them is the environment
building it's ridiculous would you like
to check our security credentials
No what is this building you live in
whoa whoa Sunset Boulevard since
industry of Hollywood Hills wow this is
amazing
tell me about your podcast podcast is
called the school of greatness okay it's
all about helping people get to the next
level in their business in life where
are they reporting final two questions
and you're gonna record this for
yourself too it's it we're done with the
podcast it's gone with the podcast yeah
that was good all right you think um oh
well it's amazing
Luce thanks for having me thanks Ron
appreciate see you on the podcast
amazing yeah school greatness what did
you do while we were podcasting for an
hour I have a lot of stuff done really
catching up host VMAs Jack gets caught
up at all this Hollywood business
one day productive afternoon meetings
podcast all those things going to visit
some friends right now this is fully
charged ready to go how do you ride it
it's so heavy
do you want a skateboard to come with us
yes how do you slow down
we got skateboard skateboard skateboard
hoverboard hoverboard
whoa it looks like maybe they tap the
charger port what's she doing you
dancing with your phone ready let's do
it
we're gonna leave Beach is leaving us
Lucy you sir
good to see you so long bye guys
we just went got coffee at a place that
had more rules than any establishment
I've ever been in there were more rules
there than at like a DMV
no I've just never been to a place that
has that many rules the craziest rule
they had is no one under 18 was allowed
in the coffee place I want to ask why
it's because they said they don't want
screaming kids in there Jack's cup of
tap water cost a dollar Jack here's your
one dollar cup of tap water where do we
find milk for this coffee and do we have
to pay for that
it was awful actually you want to go to
Max's
I think we're gonna ride bikes now great
great adventure later max yeah I'll see
you first thing tomorrow
