quick run on the beach with my friend
nev then the day starts jane even i just
kicked off the run we're like 100 feet
into it how do you feel
this is what I love about Los Angeles be
able to wake up and go for a run the
Beast Nev how many VMAs have you been to
this is probably my third and what
should I expect today I would expect to
be underwhelmed is it going to be fun
you can make it really fun need Sasha
I'll see you guys at the VMAs here we go
okay Cheers right there got about an
hour and a half before we have to go to
the VMAs getting a quick haircut okay
how would you say that this haircuts
going so far it's going good I think so
yeah
I'm site thank you
bye guys not a terrific amount of time
after you back the hotel get change to a
couple of small things and then we got
to go how are you right thank you okay
there's a little bit longer to
skateboard back from the hair place than
I thought I'm a little sweaty I'm not
dressed our car and driver arrived at
2:45 to pick us up it's currently not
good
because it's on TV you don't have to
wear a suit now just because you can
dress down doesn't mean you should all
right ready to go one small large
problem left which is there's an
inexplicable no camera allowed policy at
the VMAs and this is what I've come up
with first cell phones are allowed so
I'm going to use this as a camera here
are my waist I have two extra lenses
these are both from my iPhone this is a
wide-angle lens they attach like this
and now I've got a pretty good camera
additionally I'll be wearing this carpal
tunnel wrist band which is actually a
GoPro camera on a 360 degree swivel
stick all right wish me luck
we're almost there
thank you Tony
we made it what do you think so far jack
so far so good we should catch up my
grace I maxi there is
welcome
I hope Carly guys why don't you line up
West Point are you being
we are literally on the red carpet in
between Taylor Swift and the guys that
is okay I'm okay I'm surviving guys Jack
give me an update
we're about halfway through the
neverending red carpet that's not even
read
we dress the corner the way there's a
puppy oh my god Oh
you think they're having fun yeah
I want the star
he matches my shoes he loves you Hecky
can you tell us your favorite ever BM a
moment and be honest
getting my time fix got to make sure you
let's go so awesome good yeah I'm good
yeah yeah yeah thank you so much thank
you bye girls
Jack we gotta get off the red carpet I
mean black carpet let's go all right
that concludes the flat red carpet now
we're headed into the actual award
shadow so hey doing there are seats you
know
well they're from
it hasn't started yet it's very loud
here
to the bee
well hotdogs they're free taking a
little break from the award show really
I want another hot dog and another box
of nachos I like that outfit
she got gum
honestly there's a lot more craziness
happening out here and in the actual
show
I'm going exploring
please please take your seats thank you
he hasn't spoken yet
he's still on the stage he's now been
like 15
y'all moving pinkie right now oh they're
turning ro
just worrying how you feel at the time
and Kanye's going to show a new app I
still don't understand award shows know
are their commercials going on right now
if you're watching at home let me know
yeah they're standing up now Kanye still
on the stage a 2020 to run for president
how much time did you have set aside for
that two minutes and how long did he pay
it seemed like 20
running behind
okay that's it VMAs are over
