its morning time in the Atwood household
good morning guys good morning sir good
morning to the Casey Neistat army do you
have a name for your viewers yet no it's
kind of a do I need one longer thing I
guess no this is for you I'm sorry I
forgot to bring these for you guys nice
I had the squad
you gotta come over late do it did the
nice that way yeah don't worry you're
not gonna hurt anybody
look at that I'm being verified now you
go a breakfast breakfast breakfast
breakfast breakfast breakfast breakfast
breakfast breakfast come on bacon buddy
hi I'm Casey I'm Casey you I have that
same t-shirt that's a crazy coincidence
I feel like I'm your adopted stepchild
sitting back here in the back of the
truck I'm trying to figure out why
you're not in your car to see buddy back
here for you tell me where are we going
we are actually headed to we're gonna go
pick up a part I got us a party bus yeah
and then we're gonna head to Cleveland
Ohio I'm either been to Cleveland
forever
we made it you made it okay again for
clarity we're going to Cleveland to go
to some event thing and Roman rented
this bus to take us there
smells like a strip club in their hand
Casey did anybody bring the Purell
you've been in this stripper mobile for
like 40 minutes now it's hard to
describe to the smell but it's like it's
like like cushion baloney I don't know
how to explain it can we exchange it out
for just a car Roman is calling the
company to see if they have anything
else we can take how'd that go he's
bringing us ulema are you kidding me
Roman
all right let's go ready
thanks Oh buddy can't be easier to drive
this thing
number one of many I'm sure another
bathroom break we have arrived in
Cleveland
I think we're grabbing dinner now and
then we're gonna go to whatever this
event is we're going to tonight the limo
thing that we took here looks especially
absurd
yeah this is interesting this is a cool
spot I guess it is
and you did it all yeah that's it that's
we're here out you get it all bad
nothing gets past you nothing you got it
you will never see that again I know at
least I won't ever see him again
this is your show and it started 20
minutes ago started at 8:00 and it's
8:15 go get em champ I'm going to get
them we're headed in now no vlogging
during the show so I'll get a little
recap afterwards but regardless we'll be
up there and thank you all so much
what did you think it was really good I
liked learning about
am i doing it right you're actually
really good at it what are your for
equity for this plug just wait for that
your commission check will be in the
mail okay perfect on a serious tip Karl
here
he literally sells all kinds of kids
toys they're awesome so really amazing
so I did oh my god well that was good I
did do it again that's my over there
Roman I gotta go this is awesome too
short thank you for the hospitality give
me a hug
I'll see you in New York City right I'll
be there alright but take care of Roman
so long
have a safe night
not gonna lie I wish I could have seen
up partying with those guys be sure to
check out Romans logs you can see today
from his perspective I'm now going to
start this edit
