it's 457 the movie starts at 6:00 I've
got an hour and three minutes to get
there I'm a big fan of superhero movies
but not a big fan of all superhero
movies let me begin in 1989 with Tim
Burton's Batman now I was a child when
this movie came out but I remember
seeing in the theaters and it blew my
mind you can't make an omelet without
breaking some eggs I've seen it like 20
times since and it still holds ever
dance with the devil in the pan Tim
Burton's Batman is definitely one of the
best superhero movies ever was it better
than 2008 Dark Knight that's a tough one
Christopher Nolan levelled up the entire
superhero genre with the Dark Knight
that bank robbery scene was one of the
best bank robbery seems probably since
michael mann's he also like Jon
Favreau's iron man that's iron man won
the combination of Favreau and Robert
Downey jr. was was pretty brilliant it
was the first time we saw any humor in
the superhero genre please no gang size
but when it comes to humor in the
superhero genre it's Deadpool that takes
the cake the way that like he even broke
down the fourth wall in this movie was
genius fourth wall break inside a
fourth-wall break that's like 16 walls
the casting the characters the factory
like it was self-aware and it kind of
picked on the x-men and they joked about
not having enough budget it's funny that
I only ever see two of you it's almost
like the studio couldn't afford another
x-man the taxi driver yes Ghita the
movie is absolutely genius I can't wait
to see number 2 now recently I also
watched Wonder Woman and I didn't see in
the theaters I watched at home with my
three-year-old daughter who also loved
it it was just an awesome movie the
tie-ins with World War 2 in the
historical stuff
Sam Raimi's spider-man was good the
first one but the other ones I mean I
could take him or leave him guardians of
the galaxy was also awesome I mean I
loved the nostalgic soundtrack and like
all the 1980s references it was a great
story as far as superhero movies go they
really they delivered alright that's it
for my superhero masks by the way all
those superhero masks for that quick
scene they cost hundred and eighty six
dollars I'm gonna try and return them
but the expectations for Black Panther
tonight they're on a different level and
they're on a different level because of
one reason and that is Ryan Coogler Ryan
Coogler is the director of Black Panther
now Ryan's only made two other movies
the first movie was a movie called
Fruitvale station it was so good that it
honestly made me not want to make
feature films I know that I'm not
capable of telling a story the way that
he told that story that was his first
movie his second movie was Creed the
rocky movie the Philadelphia movie the
Creed is kind of the only movie that
I've seen that I can remember literally
in the theaters Candis and I standing up
and applauding at the screen so I have
to I have to leave in four minutes to go
meet Aquila but expectations extremely
high for tonight's screening
Candis is Lake Superior movies so I'm
bringing my friend akela as my date
look at this picture she just posted on
Twitter she um she painted her
fingernails to look like black panther
she painted tiny black panthers on her
fingernails and that that's how I know I
I picked the right day Kim yeah a lot of
people showing up for this preview
screening yeah preview tonight preview
are you excited for it all right
Akilah seems pretty confident that we
just cut the whole line I was outside
waiting
she wasn't God this all I need thank you
expectations best movie since the Dark
Knight
that's what you think it's gonna fit in
I think it's gonna be like that like
like Atari Dark Knight was the last like
seminal supergirls yes and I did like
we're gonna be quoting and we're gonna
be referencing it for a decade
every day at what point in time I can he
yelled at for bringing a huge camera and
microphone into a preview screening of a
movie I feel like the moment we reach
the top of this escalator it's gonna
happen hmm
sir you put that camera away sorry sorry
what did he sit this wait there's tape
here what we do over I think the movie
is about to begin
we're not allowed to film during the
movie no we're not
yeah
my son it is your time
okay this is the comprehensive review
coming at you from Aquila and Casey I
mean it was it was what we predicted
which is like I think a game changing
not just superhero movie like every foe
I mean the special effects the colors I
think that's where you start the
character development no they never take
characters that find superhero I mean no
like really we would have everybody's
backstory times 20 Michael B Jordan as
the as the villain best superhero
villain since Heath Ledger at in yeah
with the complete the Joker I mean it
was like a deep you felt yeah I was like
okay you like no oh and fight sequences
were spot-on you Peter Longo was like
pretty unbelievably fabricated character
she plays a spy that's not giving anyway
no I mean okay there's a reason why it
has like ninety nine percent on Rotten
Tomatoes it really is all it's cracked
up to be
we're trying to keep this review spoiler
alert frame no okay on a scale of one is
it four stars or five stars it's a four
star like hotels 5 stars for like rating
okay
okay on a scale of one to five stars we
give it a resounding
you
