I don't care what you say if you're in
New York City you gotta buy chicken guys
today let's talk about my today let's
talk about my new cellphone I got the
note e now the only review anybody's
really interested in when it comes to
the note e is the note 8 versus the
iPhone 8 which I happen to have right
here I'm just kidding this is because
the new iPhones not out yet and that's
really all I care about is this versus
the new iPhone I'm not gonna do a
comprehensive review instead think of
this is like a first look and then I
want to tell you why I like phones and
computers with stylus is stylized stylus
and as always in the name of
transparency please know that this
review is extremely biased while I was
not hired or paid by Samsung to make
this video i have worked with samsung in
the past I work with Samsung in the
future so this is a biased video
sighs now the note 8 is objectively a
gigantic gigantic phone it's the biggest
phone that I could find in my arsenal
it's huge in a kind of direct
side-by-side comparison it's a little
bit bigger than the s8 plus it's a lot
bigger than the s8 regular it's a lot
bigger than an iPhone 7 I don't have an
iPhone 7 plus but that's like you know
that's like this big good like swallow
an iPhone 5 it's big but I wouldn't say
it feels too big in the hand in fact it
feels really good in the hand and my
jeans which fit pretty tight so slides
in there nicely you know it's a big
phone but compared to like what we have
in our pockets anyway but the feel the
feel is really good it has like a heavy
density to it a robustness to with it it
feels good
what I do want to talk about is the idea
of a big-screen phone with a stylus for
me that's the magic recipe I don't know
why I think it's probably like the
tactile nature being able to actually
use my hand to draw something if you
notice I've been doing some of my vlog
credits in my own handwriting I've been
doing that on my iPad using procreate
it's amazing quick aside Apple there's
nowhere to put this $100 pen you can
sort of put it there but like where is
it now it's gone
I don't understand that I've had to buy
three of these things so far Samsung
gives you this little sleeve which isn't
so pretty but it's functional and then
on the surface I got this really
confident inspiring magnets things not
going anywhere but Apple where am I
supposed to put this thing I think a big
part of it is that I've got really fat
fingers look at the size of my fingers
they're like hot dogs and that's not a
big deal what I'm trying to touch use
the touchscreen on a smaller phone like
this like look how much of my fingers
are too fat if you're inarticulate
non-specific like I disagree with Steve
Jobs on this one who wants a stylus you
have to get them and put them away and
you'll lose him yuck nobody wants a
stylus but the stylus whether it's on an
iPad or a tablet or on a phone it
enables like another level of
interaction I wish that this laptop had
a touchscreen because and that Final Cut
Pro was optimized for like stylus
because if I could interact with my
media when editing video like this
instead of down here with this I feel
like to be much more effective
well don't turn don't turn you give me a
ride
Chris nice to meet you Chris it's more
than just the stylist
I like the stylist the stylist is
important when you combine the stylist
with having something that fits in your
hand like a notebook
but it's more than just a detail
think of it typing for example or data
entry on a phone without a stylus
without a stylus this is how you type
with a stylus this is how you type and
to me that's a more elegant or organic
way of interacting with something it's
exactly how I write if I had a notebook
and a pen and then if you take that idea
and you don't just look at typing but
you sort of look at tip photo editing
for example there's this because precise
and it's almost like using a mouse and a
cursor and then this we're like fat
fingers get in the way of whatever I'm
trying to do this thing that seems done
so it's actually integrated across the
software here which makes it is that I
should caveat that by saying I still
haven't really used this thing but the
note 7 when they recall that was my
favorite phone ever
I do I do thank you very much
Donna thank you see what I want when I
walk from a phone it's perfect more like
a computer
remember the palm treo that phone had a
keyboard and a stylus that felt like a
little computer I mean nothing stuck
compared to today's phone standards but
the way you interacted with it was more
computer-like than this
go into our Santa Monica see you can get
worked on these things just by using
your thumb and hammering away but in a
pinch it does act like a computer you
can actually get work done so that's it
my thesis is more based on like the note
as a phone less than this specific once
I've actually played with this much yet
but I hope it makes sense and it is like
my my favorite phone I'm happy to have
it back maxie you see it do we have the
same shirt on
