how was vacation very nice very nice
best man Marlin don't move hold on I got
something for you pull out Marlin don't
leave ah you guys are crazy me
thank you very much wait it wasn't us in
fact thank you guys let me know when
it's all set up we'll get count bean got
to man
today's August 25th which means summer's
over like 15 minutes or something I'm
starting to get PSP that is post summer
panic I need to spend more time outside
if I'm going to do this outside I need
to find the perfect spot which is a lot
harder than you think I'm thinking the
West Side Highway is probably the best
because it's really pretty there and
it's like noon on a Tuesday so their
problem won't be a lot of people see I
definitely couldn't do it around here
that's what I'm thinking over there
probably do it here I want to do it out
there all right this is good I'm gonna
do it Jays Q&A is a themed Q&A I told
everyone to ask me questions about
making Internet videos yesterday's vlog
was about YouTube and Internet
filmmaking and people had a lot of like
feedback in the comments so today's QA
just about making Internet videos
first question is from Garrett what will
you do when YouTube dies I'll improvise
it was like when silent films died there
were talkies when talkies died there was
television television turned into cable
cable turned into like Netflix the
distribution medium the genres will
always shift and creators the people
were making the content will always
shift with it somewhat ironically my HBO
show was literally exactly like this
vlog and it failed miserably on
television but does really well on
YouTube all right Cass asks how do you
choose the title for your vlogs that's
simple I come up with the most clickbait
like title I can possibly come up with
so I just want you guys to click on it
and then if you think it's boring just
stop watching but I try to come up with
the most enticing titles possible even
if they're completely inaccurate sorry
about that I'm going to turn this this
way William asks what do you dislike
most about Internet videos because you
get rewarded for the more views you have
online there's a real opportunity to
sort of duke the system by putting out
exploitive content that you know people
are going to click on but I don't think
that's unique to Internet video
if you look at television there are TV
shows like TMZ which is both negative
and exploitive by definition but people
watch that I think it's it's human
nature to always turn your head and look
at a car accident but that doesn't mean
a car accidents a good thing just
because people want to look at it Jack
asks do you ever get self-conscious
posting videos no Joe asks what's your
opinion on doing YouTube for money
here's the thing because YouTube is so
accessible I think there's this
misconception that it's easier to
succeed on YouTube than it is to succeed
in mainstream media that is not true if
anything it's harder on YouTube you're
competing with a billion other creators
it's really hard to stand out it's
really hard to carve your place and it's
especially hard to make money tell you
like float the top so you're doing
better than everyone else
say you're garnering something like a
hundred thousand views a day a hundred
thousand views a day will make you let
me do some math will make you about
thirty thousand dollars a year which is
roughly the same as you'd make getting a
job that's just above minimum wage if
you succeed on YouTube to the degree of
a hundred thousand views a day seven
days a week 365 days a year you'll
probably make about as much money as I
did when I was washing dishes and doing
prep cook work so yes you can make money
on YouTube it's not easy it is an
incredibly incredibly difficult thing to
do that of all the creators on YouTube
there's just a couple at the top that
have actually been able to make enough
money to make a life for themselves ah
this is a nice dovetail for my previous
question what advice would you give
someone thinking about starting a daily
vlog one piece of advice make sure
you're doing it for the right reasons
those reasons can pretty much be
anything but I want to be famous I want
to be rich maybe you want to have a
documentation of your life maybe you're
compelled to share your own ideas or
perspectives maybe you want to get
better at filmmaking and doing something
every day will get you to that place
those are all great reasons wanting to
be like the next YouTube superstar I
think is a really bad reason
I'm going to turn around again because
all I can hear is this like terrible
music Julia asks why did you start
moviemaking
well Julia I started making movies when
I was literally living in a trailer park
I was 19 years old 18 years old 19 years
old something like that I had some free
time so I would spend all of my days at
home watching my baby son when I first
edited video on like a crappy old iMac
computer I was just so excited that all
of my ideas in my head I could actually
turn into something and that something
was a little video and honestly like
that seed of an idea that really
primitive early motivation is the exact
reason why I create movies now alright
that's it for this week's Q&A I've gotta
get back to work
just do a quick Joyride before I do
it's so nice out so I was just doing
like buck 90 on my electric skateboard
that's there and my SLR fell off of this
piece of and smashed on the ground
there's one piece there one piece there
there there and there
great that's busted man can't tell if
the lens is broken or not
more of these what are these let me see
alright so many bees so many bees well
let me see let me see
yeah that is so good dad Oh miss you
know you wanna see how many teachers did
you order a couple thousand you like
them so good yeah check out by being
shirt alright we ordered like 7,000 of
these and we can give them all away I
don't know how we're giving them away
yet but for now go like the beam
Facebook page so we know how to get in
touch with you and that includes Android
users you can have a beam shirt to just
go like our Facebook page I'll link it
right below oh my god like my shirt
that's amazing
I want one can I have their 6999 more of
these next door
