by me alone per run
bye bye have a good breakfast
today is the greatest day of the week
Monday check this out
I just passed 1 million subscribers so I
spent a lot of time thinking about what
I wanted to talk about what I wanted to
do for my one millionth subscriber
YouTube video I want to make a video
about why why make Internet videos it's
something I have some strong opinions
about that's mainstream
that's mainstream that's mainstream to
mainstream see that that's mainstream
mainstream I wanna see some really old
stuff look at this that's when they need
me I was in the Beautiful People issue
look how beautiful
that's my brother he's way prettier than
me television movie theaters feature
films film festivals all that represents
is like a level of success and what
would be described as the mainstream
media the Internet has been seen as a
stepping-stone like part of the route to
get you to mainstream media if you do
well here maybe you can get to TV maybe
you can make a movie that goes into a
film festival that's what I take issue
with I disagree with that I think
YouTube I think the Internet I think
that is mainstream I think it is the
maximum degree of relevance when it
comes to media YouTube is mainstream
it's not a stepping stone it's the
finish line let me explain all right
we'll get out your whoa I'm gonna have
to go to the overhead shooting table for
this one
see historically filmmaking has always
been an elitist artform here's what I
mean if you want to be a painter you
need a brush and paint if you want to be
a writer you need a pen and paper but if
you wanted to be a filmmaker you needed
cameras and film and lenses and gear and
people and actors and money and
connections and distribution you needed
to know important people it's never been
an accessible means of self-expression
but technology change that the beauty of
putting movies on the Internet is it's
it's democratic its egalitarian and most
importantly it's a meritocracy and what
that means is if your videos have an
audience if the work you're making is
interesting to anyone that anyone those
people can find it so all you have to be
concerned with is making something that
someone else wants to watch you know
that old saying it's not what you know
but who you know my favorite part of
YouTube is that no one gives issue you
know they just care whether they like it
or they don't
and the reason why I shifted from
mainstream I'm all those accolades I
showed you earlier to the Internet is
because of this there's me and there's
the audience and what I decide my video
is done I click upload and distribute it
to the world and whoever wants to see it
can see it it's taking us that's you and
me to a place of true self-expression
that is when you have an idea when you
have something to say you can say it and
you can say to everyone in the world and
you can do it without needing anyone
else without needing any resources
outside of your reach
zooming it for dramatic effect that's
why I say vlogging is my favorite film
genre the societal and cultural impacts
of this are unknown but if you take one
little glimpse at where they're headed
it matters that's why 1 million people
choosing to subscribe to see my content
on the Internet is more important to me
than any of those mainstream accolades
and lastly to round this out why have I
shifted and committed so much of mine
and committed so much of my life to
building a platform being where people
can share their own self-expression is
because the true goal with being the
ambition with being is to do everything
I just described but to remove the
aspect that is creation right now you
have to they creative expression and our
goal or manifesto at bean is to remove
that need of creation and just have it
be about sharing that's why there's no
review or preview or any of that that's
it this video I didn't want this video
to come across as like me shilling theme
but I wanted to tie it all together and
share with you my audience why I'm so
passionate about what I do online what I
do with these vlogs and definitely what
I do at beam ok thanks for the subscribe
see you at 2 million
so your cue is right when the noise
starts okay great yeah fun balloons here
