I
up to funny spectacle
the team the wedding and then the
funeral and the travel and all that I
haven't gotten a good run in in like a
week or a week and a half which is like
the longest I've gone in a really long
time without running so I'm psyched to
make this morning town I'm at my halfway
point out there is this mighty wind
that's blowing directly at my face here
such a crazy headwind running up here
that on the way back I'm counting on it
being an equally crazy tailwind so I
barely have to run on the way back I
just kind of fly that's the theory
anyway
all right that was 11.7 four miles at a
741 pace that oh that headwind was tough
that wind just blew this phone off that
off of that ledge there okay time to get
to work are you going to hang out with
your friends now are you in here yeah
have a nice walk
have a nice walk today's Friday end of
the week mixed emotions about that last
night I loaned my friend Sam my booster
door my boosted board wonder how he did
with it yeah did you hurt yourself
I didn't hurt myself yeah I fell only in
the hallway you were riding that in the
hallway because you know what it's our
raining and I like couldn't resist
riding it more
today is in turn Peter's last day Peter
what are your final thoughts how was
your summer at bheem
that's possible summer this is the yeah
this is way better than anything I
expected you'll be missed here hey can I
borrow my skateboard from you for like
an hour
yes absolutely thanks for my skateboard
I'll be back in a minute thank you I
will it's a really amazing day out today
I didn't want to sit in the office all
day so I told Candice I would go see her
I'm trying to find her now I think she's
at lunch like her business lunch but I'm
just me do interrupt alright thank
they're here at this restaurant that's
one of Candace's favorite places oh
honey
how's it going hi
you've been honest look at the air oh
man
you gotta write yeah your Gucci loafers
on yeah then you're good
full speed ahead you might want to get
in the road this part right yeah then
roll
boy I will say ROI is one of the best
skateboarders I know so he should be
good on this thing what's in that bag
how was it scary yeah right Jenny we're
up like bump elbows and people I read
you
you
just saying thank you you guys are
awesome
just like the best best summer ever but
you were you were saying that without me
here right so that's what I just said
totally is it pretty is so itchy I from
anywhere look great Matt yeah who could
not what do you think was mommy look
good in it
