how awesome was that time-lapse that was
like this crazy rainstorm that came
through last night I said yesterday that
probably wouldn't be vlogging today
the thing about funerals is that you
actually have kind of a lot of downtime
I can't actually be like normally
vlogging where I like show everything
that I'm up to
but there's something therapeutic about
talking to a camera for me so this is
actually kind of nice and I thought I
could make a vlog about the things that
I do today that are not like sad
family-oriented but these other
distractions that I'm finding for myself
right now I'm at this right now I'm
sitting in the tree but I'm at this
weirdo kind of country-club thing that
Candace's parents belong to and I was in
this area earlier where they have like
free coffee and pretzels and iced tea
and it was quiet and that good internet
and I was gonna vlog from there but it's
also connected to the men's locker room
so they were just like naked there were
naked old men like walking through the
area a lot and I thought they might
freak out if I brought my camera here's
my schedule for today exercise here at
this Country Club place at some point in
time I'm going to try again in buy a new
laptop then we are staying at this like
fun fancy hotel so I may be able to
feature some fun fancy hotel stuff in
there and that's the very best I have to
offer for today's vlog tomorrow is gonna
suck even more cuz tomorrow's the actual
funeral so I won't probably be able to
blog at all but just hanging in there if
today's vlog sucks just stop watching
I'll be back to my normal vlogging by
like the end of this week and honestly
as weird as this sounds I'm very glad to
have blogging to distract me from the
realities of life and family and stuff
okay
there's this outdoor jungle gym that
they have here that looks a lot more
interesting than the actual gym I think
I'm just gonna change into my gym
clothes out here hope no one sees me
yeah
all right time to get pumped up on this
channel Jim
okay
playing in the trees is discouraged by
security here at the Houstonian no
problem
I don't really know what I'm supposed to
be doing here I'm gonna put the camera
away
go to the regular gym now okay what a
nice nap who did what are you doing what
are you doing why don't you see they're
eight that is not fresh baby's fingers
that is not for your baby hands there
you go where did you go shopping you
ready to go to the store and buy a new
computer
they have to wait for mommy going to get
the computer computer
okay these are going to be okay I've got
a traditional 13-inch there 10 inch with
a Retina display
what's the most powerful one you guys
have got me this guy here what do you
think you two look like twins
it's crazy
thank you well it's heavy okay will do
take care all right I got the laptop I
am gonna repair my other laptop screen
but I needed a second one anyway so I
have one for the office then one that's
like my travel computer so feel good
about the investment you ready to go for
a walk
Francine you wanna you wanna go for a
walk
she's busy exploring all right fan teens
go for a walk before you freak out
interesting ish story we had Francine
here in Houston Texas and we lived at
our parents house after we had the baby
and I feel like three weeks we started
you're crazy so we thought we would do
like his staycation and stay here at
this exact hotel with the baby for
Christmas so he stayed here on Christmas
Eve through Christmas Day it didn't work
out while we checked out at like 5:00
a.m. on Christmas Day because Candace
was not happy
his Franny was not happy she's very
happy now
she's still away
no cracks
