wait do you want to go to Starbucks and
I'll go in here so we can divide and
conquer and I'll have the turkey and
Swiss please that's it
and the water please it's 5:30 p.m.
cheers a long day today was like called
a funeral crying family all that stuff I
was really looking forward to pulling
aside like 45 minutes to do a QA not
sure to be able to do that and we're
flying out tomorrow 5:00 a.m. so it
should be up at 3:00 a.m. it's not like
super fun stuff happening right now on
the blog Hey look there's Candace
all set thank you so much
take care now how was your day
that was your day good yeah did you miss
us what do you see you missed us so much
okay I'm sitting out here alone by the
pool at the st. Regis Hotel in Houston
Texas it is like a thousand degrees out
here
whatever let's get this started since
the reason why I'm here at like a patio
at a hotel in Houston Texas is because
we're in town for a funeral I thought I
would make this whole Q&A around the
theme of family okay Scott Talbot asks
are there any films you've made
specifically for your family yeah when
my dad got cancer like ten years ago I
made a movie for him about us kids his
kids and I used the metaphor the analogy
of like he was a b-52 bomber and we were
little atomic bombs that he dropped on
the world that was a really personal
film that I made just for my dad
Alissa asks how do you think Francine
will react to watching your vlogs when
she's older I don't know but all of the
footage of me from when I was a baby is
like around a holiday or birthday or
like opening a present or some sort of
event and what I would love is to see
what I was like when I was a baby or
when I was a kid just like living my
normal life so if I were Francine I
would love it but who knows oh okay
Garrett asks another kid if having kids
didn't require the whole pregnancy thing
I would have like 50 of them but I
honestly don't know if my marriage to
Candace could survive another pregnancy
so the answer to the question about
whether or not to have more kids is a
big fat question mark Ben Porter who is
the most inspirational member of your
family to me
um my Nana she died a couple years ago
but my grandmother was my hero I made a
movie about her I'll link it here but
she she was a tap dancer she entertained
the troops during World War two she
found her passion in life to dance and
she did it literally until the day
before she died when she was 92 she is
just like to me she embodies everything
that I've ever sought after in life
which is finding what makes you happy
and literally doing it every single day
whose Owens real mother what like he has
a fake mother
Owens real mother is Robin she's with
Owen right now in Arizona looking at
colleges Alberto
does it damage you to spend so much time
working far from your family I think
what you're asking is like is it bad for
the family that I work so much I don't
know it's a trade-off in life for me
probably because I was so poor when I
had Owen providing for my family is my
number one priority which means that
like spending time with my family comes
second to my ability to provide for them
and what that means that rather spend
less time with them and know that they
have a safe home and all their needs are
fulfilled then it does for me to be with
them all day long but us to struggle and
me to not you know have the confidence
to know that I'm going to be able to put
a roof over their head and pay for food
and I know those sound like extremes cuz
I live a very comfortable life and I
still work really hard but it's like a
concern and a fear I I can't shake
because when you know what it means to
be hungry and when you know what it
means to not be able to provide for your
kids it pushes you really hard to want
to make sure that that they're safe
their whole lives
Douglas asks what's the craziest
experience you've had with Candice
around the world okay there are a whole
bunch one time I was doing like a big
art show in Paris and I stayed in this
absurdly expensive hotel that Sony paid
for because they sponsored the event and
the hotel was so dim like you literally
couldn't see your way around the hotel
it's called the hotel cost look it up
and one night we came back and she was
really pissed off about how dark it was
in the hotel and she took a towel and
she smashed out every light bulb
in the elevator and then in the hallway
of the hotel so it was literally pitch
black
she was a total troublemaker when she
was younger I don't know if that's the
craziest but that's like the only one I
can think of okay that's it for today's
Q&A I'm glad I was able to get it in
because I wasn't sure I was gonna do a
vlog at all today
and Q&A is one of my favorite things to
do on this vlog it's one of the times I
really get to interact with the audience
and they're like a very literal way
there's a man so many cigarettes over
here who watch this whole thing
physically hey doing me talking to just
the camera okay that's it for today's
vlog
