are you here for Casey for Casey I'll be
right out hey Sean let's login more
talking buddy Oh quickie at Mile Run
I lost Sean at Mile - haven't seen him
since sorry I was late I had to get my
run in you know busy morning because at
11:00 this morning Samsung's doing their
big like unboxing event so wounded out
this morning then I gotta get back
downtown to work they did send me a car
and driver but I think this traffic's a
little bit slower than the boosted
boards so I'll meet you there
thank you sir
this is why I always have to have a
boosted board with me I forgot my helmet
in the back of that car
one block holy Sh look at that line hey
Chelsea am i late not yet
hey there good to see you very much
look at this screen look I'm standing on
it security told me not to come out here
but look at this screen I want this in
my house Hey he did a big house with
that full event Samsung thanks for
having me just one quick question where
my note ate at you usually really good
about giving me the new the new devices
hey it's tomorrow it's tomorrow morning
look I got one video when I went to see
the total lunar no total solar eclipse
it was amazing but a lot of people have
been asking how did I shoot the actual
scene when the Eclipse happen because I
had a lot of coverage so I thought I
would explain first you should know I
had five cameras shooting simultaneously
while the Eclipse took place two of
those cameras were flying cameras first
the perfect overhead shot about five
minutes
where the eclipse took place I sent a
phantom for like this straight up in the
air about 1,500 feet above the ground
where I was standing camera pointed
straight down like this then I set the
location to lock so it wouldn't move too
much and I hit record and then I just
kind of forgot about a second camera the
one that went over the crowd just as it
got dark that was this custom Casey
Neistat Mavic right here setting a
trajectory on the app minute it got dark
I just hit start through the controller
so this thing went by itself third
camera that was that wide-angle sping
time-lapse shot I got that by putting a
gopro hero4 on an egg timer I could Sony
t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t and that's why in
the last shot of the video when you see
me pull this thing down you can actually
hear the egg timer fourth shot that's
the shot of the Sun staring directly
into the Sun that was done using the
camera that I'm actually filming this on
right now which is a Panasonic Lumix gh2
h5 with a long lens on it and then I put
a little sunglasses over the lens to
create a filter and film the Sun I had
to remember to lock focus and lock
exposure before I hit record camera
number five was like the can
I talked into was like the main vlogging
camera and that was this year Sony rx100
mark 5 this I use because it has the
best low-light and I knew no matter how
dark it got that this thing would give
me like a consistent rock-solid image
plus the big camera here was busy
shooting the Sun and that is how one
person shoots with five cameras to get
five angles to capture a minute and 44
seconds of totality are you telling me
that you built a time machine yeah that
was Austin Texas for the South by
Southwest Film Festival 2008
it was a big day what was taking place
there's my friends Josh and Benny safty
that's Josh Casey Benny they made this
movie I sort of helped them make it I
organized the funding for it for that
they bestowed me with an executive
producer credits but this was us
premiering the movie at a film festival
for the first time how do you feel about
this screening we word nerve it was it
was a great movie those guys made a
great we made a great movie but this was
a tiny tiny theater that there weren't
that many people there hey Jeffy is that
look that was a really big deal for us
Josh and Benny those two guys they're
two of my oldest friends there are two
people that have motivated and inspired
me as a filmmaker my whole life I'm
talking about them now because they have
a huge feature-length like big time
movie that's coming out in all the movie
theaters this weekend that's where they
started guys ready
and they made it they did it their movie
that comes out this weekend starts
Robert Pattinson that that's huge really
handsome movie star those guys did it
we used to make movies together when
this is what a video camera look like
hey Casey say hi hey hey I'm not being
paid for this or anything they're just
my friends I love those guys in any
promotion I could help them with I would
do as if that isn't enough to celebrate
who produced their new smash hit
feature-length movie my dear friend
Oscar Oscar is one of the first people
that ever worked for my brother and me
and we hired him the day after he moved
to New York City when he was like 21 or
something
this video is him opening his Christmas
presents from Van and me I know it looks
like a lot of money that is like less
than one week's pay those were all one
dollar bills a movie is called good time
directed by the sastras that's Josh and
Benny produced by Oscar boysson Oscar
how did you go from being my assistant
to a famous big-time movie producer just
by never taking no for an answer
kind of following believing I could do
anything which I learned in the nice dad
studio alright seriously this guy would
just over and over again I'd never seen
anything like it you just say you're
smart figure it out you're smart figure
it out you're smart figure it out I
don't care how long it takes just make
it beautiful and that sounded a little
weird at the time because you're used to
work in a restaurant or being a
landscaper but it's actually really
empowering and it took me a while to
figure that out
and the more movies I made the more I
realized it didn't matter it kind of
applies to everything Oscar how did you
get Robert Pattinson of Twilight Fame to
star in this movie two years ago about
two years ago today Robert Pattinson saw
an image from a movie that I also
produced that Josh and Benny also
directed and he emailed Josh and Benny
and said I want to do whatever you guys
are doing next so Robert Pattinson came
to you came to Josh and Danny to be in
this movie or a movie yeah and Josh said
be careful because when we say we're
going to do something we actually do it
which is not something that happens
the movie business very often I want to
bring up the Rotten Tomatoes
oh yeah Rotten Tomatoes here Game of
Thrones their movies opening this week
look at this look at this look at this
good time 90% that's more than all these
other movies that's kind of it for my
plug for good time I'll end this by
saying this is not a movie for children
there's gratuitous violence there's drug
use
there's profanity but it is the movie
that the young aspiring filmmaker
version of me well yeah so psyched I
would have seen it and said I want to
make it look like a Martin Scorsese
movie from the 1970s if that means
anything to you okay last detail if you
are in New York City tomorrow if you're
in New York City August 24th 2017 we're
what are we doing like hosting a
screening Oscar and I are gonna be
hosting a screening of this at Union
Square regal Union Square at 7:20 p.m.
fourteen three Riegel's Union Square
that one August 24th 7:00 p.m. New York
City come we'll be there and then after
the movie we're gonna have like a good
conversation about how we got into
filmmaking and how he came from
different but if y'all just interview
Oscar about being a producer yeah yeah
all right I'm gonna end this here
episode by showing you a little taste of
a good time movie this is like a tiny
little teaser
Daichi you dyed your hair
yeah it's kind of a weirdo all rocket
dude you should know Sawa's they
regulate back think you're better than
me I am better than you
okay I'm gonna go and take a shit in
that guy's house all right go go watch
out come see us tomorrow if you can't
just all the link it below go see the
movie support my home you see an awesome
movie I gotta go up nationwide thanks
Casey
I'll see you soon all rocking dude you
should know
shabu they regulate smoking all the show
yeah you talk shit you
all rocking Gucci Chanel
