breakfast it is just after 6:00 in the
morning I've been up since about 5:00
after 3:00
finishing yesterday's vlog which is
exporting right now it is 6:06 I'm
definitely running late I've got to go
first I have to take a shower and put on
some pants
I feel get the car and then drive to the
airport immediately my flight is in an
hour and 54 minutes just waiting out my
uber now I really would prefer to
skateboard to the garage to get the car
to drive the airport but skateboarding
with this suitcase like 20 blocks just
doesn't seem
we almost at the garage now the plane
takes off in an hour and 33 minutes
thank you sir please have my par ready
hey folks a lot okay I'm on the road the
plane takes off in an hour in 24 minutes
as I'm driving here I'm posting
yesterday's vlog using my phone as a
Wi-Fi hotspot in my laptop and I just
dropped this camera and it landed on my
laptop and shattered the screen totally
broken so that sucks I guess it's time
to get a new computer I've had that one
for a whopping three months there's
something almost poetic about dropping
you're about smashing you're vlogging
computer with your vlogging camera it's
like they were in cahoots to rebel
against me
hi I'm on the freeway now plane takes
off in 54 minutes I'm feeling good
pulling in T airport now 28 minutes
before the plane takes off I'm good how
you doing I've got a tail number for you
is that our plane no no no no planes all
the way out there so this is I broke the
computer
we have arrived in Marfa Texas bye guys
thanks a lot so I'm here in Marfa for my
friend Graham's wedding never been here
before
never had a reason to come here before
but kind of amazed it left out thank you
my hotel room is not ready so I'm going
to explore this town for a couple of
hours until it's ready thank God I
brought my skateboard
it's been three hours please please let
my room be ready the rooms not ready I'm
going to sleep in the lobby it's been
another two hours if my room is not
ready now I'm just gonna unpack all my
things in the lobby oh thank god Mikey
Jenny great this is exactly like the
shining little den area here we have a
bedroom here we assume this is the
bathroom and then this would be the
living room with fireplace and then the
other bathroom in case I have to go
twice oh sink kitchen dining room
well
Candice picked this room out seems like
a little bit of overkill considering I'm
here by myself for one night but great
alright I have to go to the wedding
rehearsal now because I'm reading at the
wedding I'm gonna skateboard there this
times actually not bad for skateboarding
there's only one stoplight in the entire
town that's incredible
the other bonus about skating in Marfa
Texas there are no Hills here just flat
straight roads so I think this is the
venue we were like practicing for the
wedding tomorrow
this shouldn't last long should be super
casual I'm very excited and honored to
be reading at Graham's wedding all right
this is the rehearsal stuff you're 22
minutes I'm gonna be seating this guy's
the groom here that's the bride okay
then that went well
we're going back to the hotel now to get
dressed for this evening's party riff
you really took the white theme to the
next level my god yeah I should get you
win the theme of tonight's party is
white I'm wearing all like I'm nowhere
near the best dress oh this man is
as if you came here and just opened a
bit gift shop it's because you're
catering to the tourist trade right you
know so this is the pre-wedding party
here everyone's dressed in white looking
good now while everyone was partying
back there I set my camera up over here
to do a time lapse because it's the sky
here is really amazing but I couldn't
see what I was recording because I used
this rock as a tripod and I can't
actually tell what I'm shooting guys
take out all right we are headed to the
actual dinner now the night's not over
I'm throwing some fun stuff I think I
was just gonna end the vlog right here
