one of my socks okay go get it give me
that sock
give me that suck gimme give me that
soft okay
you
bye-bye
see you later have a safe trip there
they go off to Texas goodbye family
I hate goodbyes today kind of sucks
Candace and Francine are going to Texas
this morning I'm not going to see them
again till Sunday so that's kind of a
bummer I'm leaving town tomorrow morning
so I'm not going to get work tomorrow so
after all tomorrow's work today
that's kind of a bummer so today's vlog
starts out with kind of a couple of
Downers it's currently 9:00 a.m. it's
now 6:30 p.m. and I am headed home yeah
the entire day just went by it's
nighttime now I'm bringing the state I
didn't shoot the vlog at all today
but it doesn't mean I'm not shooting a
vlog today I'm actually very excited
about the fact that I'm going to be
shooting the vlog tonight and that's a
rare opportunity one that I never
actually have who's home a little puppy
a little puppy
hi oh my god it's so cute
see you're acting cute okay do your
dance good girl good girl
see my nights are always exactly the
same and what that consists of is I race
home before the baby goes asleep I
usually give her a bath I help Candice
give her a bath and then baby goes to
bed Candice and I order takeout and
that's kind of it I usually sit in the
corner edit my vlog Candice watches TV
that's what you do when you have a baby
but wife and kiddo are gone tonight I'm
here alone so I made a decision that
rather than working late and coming home
and doing nothing there do something
special tonight which is like go out and
enjoy this beautiful summer night on
like the skateboard and maybe shoot some
time lapses or something like that and
that's what today's vlog is going to be
so looks like the Sun setting which is
kind of disappointing I was hoping to
get some of that awesome yellow light
see I've got the boosted board they're
doing double duty it is uh right now
serving as like a marker here so cars
see me and they don't hit my camera I'm
shooting the World Trade Center which is
right there that little girl right there
walked by and said is this a movie set
I'm headed to the water proper now to
see if the Sun is completely set but
there's some cool light or I don't know
it's just awesome down there
I'm going to set up before it gets dark
out that's my mark three that's my 70d
there I don't remember the last time I
had like a guilt-free night out alone
I missed the kid I miss Candace but it's
kind of nice having a little time to
myself it really makes me think like I
don't know the last time Candace's had a
night alone like this year so I don't
know how she hasn't freaked out yet
all right it's getting pretty dark now I
got like 10 good setups I'm going to go
for a quick boosted board ride before it
gets pitch black then go to Whole Foods
then go home
I'm starting to get blog anxiety vlog
anxiety is a condition that happens
every night after 8 p.m. if I haven't
started the vlog yet it makes me tense
and my hands are clammy and the only
cure is to get home sit in front of my
computer and start this edit after I get
some snacks that is
that's it we're good I'm very nice okay
this is a good evening it is 9 p.m. I'm
heading home
you
