wait so you're not even working out yeah
no showers it was like it's much water
good luck with your exercise
okay early-morning gym situation it is
pouring rain outside and apparently
there's some flooding going on here at
the gym
wet its kind of gross outside this
morning I appreciate it though
kind of nice what you end up doing just
getting really pissed to be honest with
you
how'd you get to work out this morning I
feel terrible nothing well you just went
back home no I just came here and
started working I'm gonna try and leave
later and do something but I'm really
frustrated here's an exercise ball check
yeah there you go Jack
there you go Jack get it get it
this showed up in the middle it says dry
shampoo I don't know what that is
somebody sent this to Carly but care of
Casey which means I don't know what that
means but I think it means that I can
use it I don't know how dry shampoo
would work holy smokes
whoa it smells like my grandmother oh
good job kids I would recommend not
using dry shampoo if you care at all for
your safety or for the life of your hair
dude do not put this stuff on especially
near a fire
okay I'm going to stop it smells like an
old folks home in here it is Tuesday
afternoon that means QA time
all right questions any dollar pizza
alternatives yes and I want to be really
clear on this dollar pizza is terrible I
do not recommend you come to New York
City and fry dollar pizza there are some
amazing pizza places in this town my
favorite slice in the city is called
Joe's pizza it's in the West Village
it's like 275 per slice of pizza it's
amazing
don't do dollar pizza that place is
toxic what's your favorite US city
outside of New York City I love Los
Angeles how do you overcome the fear of
doing what you like I'm not entirely
sure what you're asking but taking
chances in your career taking chances in
life is always scary and typically if
it's something you really like something
you're passionate about it requires
taking a chance to pursue that what I
always ask myself the question always
push up against is what is the
alternative
like if I don't do what I love if I
don't pursue this thing that I want to
pursue what is the alternative I do
something that I don't like because I'm
supposed to fear is real fear something
you always have to confront but what's
on the other side of fear is always
something something that's that's worth
it Casey I would love to share with you
my app idea okay now I'm going to try
not to sound like a total Apple when I
answer this but I feel like this
relationship is about truth that I have
to tell you how I honestly feel
when people not just this person but
anyone says I have an app idea I'd love
to talk to you about I don't want to
hear your idea ideas especially in
technology and in filmmaking ideas are
the easiest part in technology in
particular you can look at an app and
say an app should do this that's a great
idea
but realizing that is unbelievably hard
the seed that is the idea it very seldom
ends up manifesting into what the final
version of that app looks like what I
mean by that is like when Twitter was
started it was a way to let your friends
know when you're at a rave or a concert
like that's what Twitter was that was
their intention behind Twitter it had
like a little idea that wasn't even a
great idea
but years and years of work in hundreds
and now thousands and tens of thousands
of employees and millions of users turn
into something much much much greater
and that's the hard part the idea is the
easy part if you want to make something
make it and show it to me I'd love to
see it but I'm not interested in the
idea can you make your vlogs longer no
when I watch a movie that's too short
but I really like I'm always like ah
that was great I wish there was more and
when I see a movie that I really love
like trainwreck I saw this weekend it
was great but it was like 20 minutes too
long so I left thinking not that was a
great movie I just left thinking that
was too long so it always rather leave
the viewer I'd always rather be left as
the viewer wishing for more then I would
being left with like that was too much
plus I just have time like that's crazy
it takes me like half the day to make
six minutes of interesting content I
wouldn't know how to do 20 Amanda asks
do you have any advice for a high school
now I only went to a little bit of high
school but I do have some advice and
that's this when you're in a high school
it feels like that is the entire world
like that is your whole universe and
when you grow up and you get old like me
you realize it's not like high school is
just a little blip and this huge thing
that you call life even in this huge
thing that you call education high
school is only this tiny little piece of
that so hang in there work really hard
and know that high school is just it's a
moment in your life do you still have
the first thing that you built in your
office that's a great question and yes I
do okay the very first thing that I
built in this studio was this my
overhead shooting rig this is what I use
to like film all my animations and the
monitors here the camera goes here it
shoots straight down and the reason why
this surface here is so messed up is
because this was the actual piece of
wood that the original shooting table
was made on it never been changed for
the last 13 years
I don't think I'll ever change it it's
too awesome okay and this concludes QA
for this week more next week thank you
for your questions all right hey finally
in the blog yeah Nathan here I'm headed
up to 26th Street now to go to a
recording studio for this podcast the
trouble is it's about to thunderstorm
and rain out and the boosted board for
all of its virtues does not work in the
rain at all
some kind of rolling the dice here okay
crossing Canal Street no rain yet so far
so good
alright 8th Street it's starting to rain
just like a light sprinkle
okay I made the location just barely
raining boosted words wet but I think it
survived well hey man hi oh goodness
yeah this one a podcasting studio looks
like this what well this is what this
idiom looks like I mean it's uh this is
us yeah this is where uh you're gonna
sit there and I'm gonna sit here Josh
here josh is like a would you describe
yourself as a technology journalist a
journalist uh roots in technology
journalism yeah
that's I'm so excited about that this is
a great interview I appreciate you
giving you the time really appreciate it
yeah thankful happy to be around for
that's it we just finished the podcast
anybody
