yo Marlon you have a good weekend enjoy
it
alright enjoy it I wanted to say alright
get that shot for
not very long clearly we're shadowing is
something that's done in the
storytelling when they allude early in
this story to what might happen later in
the story tonight Candace and I may or
may not take a train to Connecticut
which would be a really great ending for
the blog so if that happens cool if it
doesn't happen the blogs just need like
the normal blog to do and just forget I
said this whole bit are there or are
there not kids waiting outside of my
office this morning there are yo what's
up homie how are you I'm good I'm good
good before I begin today's vlog in
earnest I have a bit of an announcement
to make
which is that I said that I would be
monetizing my channel at some point in
time I just wasn't sure when that time
is now I'm going to be monetizing soon
the reason why is not that complicated
Owen goes to college next year I don't
know to pay for college maybe this is a
viable solution sorry
add suck I'm so sorry to put you through
that but you know is what it is so
that's all we're gonna ride bikes okay
no I got a bike for you like I'm not
right
Jack I'm not around a mid feather but
you gotta guard two bikes David we got
one bike for you and one bike for me not
yeah I'm a subway man he won't ride a
bike uptown you will ride a free bike to
Times Square
can you believe I here it is that's
tighter no I'm gonna take my electric
skateboard then thanks dude all seeing a
bit so I'm headed up to Times Square
right now I've got a meeting at MTV it's
far from where I am I have to be David
there who took the subway
yes this is exactly as scary as it looks
this is going to be a tight one
negative picture you were cooked yeah
all right thank you very you take care
Viacom 15 15 this is where I'm headed
I can see David outside he thinks that
he beat me here
little does you know I'm waiting inside
for him but you could make it good
morning I have to go see her David
and Casey this elevator has amazing
lighting we are meeting with the folks
at vie tom MTV today to talk about how
they might use beam for some of their
stuff right that's right hey oh hey
there
we're at the secret room in MTV
headquarters here whoa look at that
that's crazy
my eyes are playing tricks on me and
it's flexible holy smokes it's occurred
you can put whatever you want on it that
is your amazing I have so many watts all
right leaving this crazy room now we're
gonna go out the secret door here
and now in a coffee shop very big it's
very really walking here thanks for
taking the time and communing with
another dude in a - it's a super fun
people take pictures
take care David I'm going to take the
subway back with you because I felt bad
for ditching you on the way is that the
real reason now my scape worked out of
juice
okay this is our stop I was gonna do a
mail time today but this is more
packages than I think I could unwrap by
the end of the day I mean this is crazy
so thank you everyone for sending me all
that stuff
I'll open all of it soon I just don't
feel like right now is the time but
there are two boxes here I know what
this is
I put the wheels on upside down ah all
right all right I think I got it put
together this part in this part of the
only parts that are the only parts I
didn't put in there by the way I know I
edited that down to make it look like I
put it together in two seconds but it
actually took me like 20 minutes nice
stroller okay Bugaboo Bugaboo runner
Francine is going to love it put your
face back in there it was it she broke
it oh I'll fix it so we don't leave this
thing right no the other puppies ready
you don't go in a bag
all right here we go Gigi hoodie and
we're off
got it
your keys I have my head of the Penn
Station now we're going to be sneaking
the poodle on the train which is
strictly forbidden but we've got a plan
brand-new car good service air working
what unit that entire I know we'd be
careful be careful
okay okay okay because like it's like
I'm not yeah that over driver was
completely crazy
