my kids were honestly
thank you so yesterday's vlog ended with
me saying they don't feel well really
don't feel good I got home last night
and added temperature of 102 I just kind
of passed out face down on the couch
fully clothed look up this morning
feeling better though I think there's
some visitors outside my office this
morning what's up guys like we spent the
night you don't believe me that's
probably good cuz we don't sweet man
gentlemen like to meet you thank you
what's your in Edward well I'm from
Arkansas Bert will place in here hey
William what's up
that's gonna get fat I know just being
honest of all of them
let's begin with the old hoverboard this
thing is by far the best for indoor use
these things are just impractical
outdoors I would go as far say they're
dangerous outdoors because you want to
go faster you think you can go faster
but you hit like a critical mass on
these and they just become really really
dangerous so it makes it really
practical for like getting around the
home the office hotels airports etc it's
also relatively inexpensive you can
currently get them on Amazon for three
hundred and seventy four dollars and
like that's a lot of money but but
compared to like the eighteen hundred
bucks they did cost and they first came
out it seems a little bit more
reasonable okay is the one-wheel this is
a bold statement but I will go on the
record to say the one-wheel is the most
fun of any of these crazy devices you
can ride it off-road it's good at the
beach like you can beat the crap out of
this thing it's really fast and awesome
it has no controller so you just lean
and it goes and where it really gets
tricky is how to turn it you sort of
like you blow up out an egg's like it's
a snowboard or like it's a surfboard
literally you lean on the edge as you're
moving it carves like that which makes
it insanely fun especially on the sand
it's expensive $1,500 but this thing's
pretty wild and it is absurdly fun next
up is the sbu that would be self on that
would be the self-balancing unicycle the
self-balancing unicycle what can I say
about this thing it's a marvel of
engineering
it only works at speed so when you're
like really cruising on this thing like
flying down the road
it's crazy fun super fast really awesome
means of transport but indoors and like
fine go slow in front of the camera to
show you how it works
and the self-balancing unicycle the sbu
is also expensive
it's like $1,800 the boosted board this
is a longboard
that's like made out of bamboo so it's
super flexible look it's got two high
powered motors down here and you control
it with this thing now what I really
loved about this thing and I'm a huge
fan of the boosted board by the way this
gigantic arrow is not stock believe it
or not I put that on there myself what's
amazing about the boosted board is it is
like I use it like a like it's how I get
around town now so I use it as like an
actual practical means of transportation
I've like ridden this thing to midtown i
zoom all over the city on it these
wheels can handle almost any pothole and
the power is just not to be
underestimated
if you just handle almost anything
these things are 1,500 bucks that's it
on the website
if I could only pick one one thing to
ride for the rest of my life it would be
my skateboard this thing's like 100
bucks and got no motor you can't roll it
by putting one foot here and then you
pump with the other foot
you look cool riding here
right now I'm riding a boosted board
while carrying a hoverboard
next to Jack who has a skateboard the
one we all and a unicycle I didn't work
out this morning so okay I was going to
end the skateboard motorized scooter
segment of the vlog there but these
showed up in the mail today and my
biggest frustration with this thing with
the boosted board in particular is that
I use this to get around New York City
but at night it's really scary because
it's like dark outside I did a little
bit of research and by research I mean I
did a single search on Amazon and I
found these things LED under under glow
board lighting literally lights for your
skateboard specifically okay that's
awesome
now I just have to wait for the Sun to
set and test this baby out
