that's it let me jump out the doctor New
York City 6:57 a.m. 7 hours and 48
minutes until totality ok I'm at the
airport now 7 hours 22 minutes until
totality variable 7 hours 5 minutes till
totality hey no I welcome you very well
about to board 6 hours 55
in about 15 minutes s it indicates over
there after your
later we'll compare Charleston the local
time is approximately 10 feet am ii
planning now thank you
for hours it was 44 minutes until
totality my advice would be flame struck
four hours 9 minutes till totality a lot
of cloud cover here in Georgia South
Carolina where in South Carroll
four hours two minutes till totality
oh hey no you thank you love my video I
liked your speech man you stopped by
here in town to get some hippie Eclipse
glasses look at this thank you
all right glasses were for students and
faculty only but the lady was super nice
she didn't just hook me up with this
hair
she gave me an extra totality in three
hours two minutes
putting plan much for this except I
really know the town here and I don't
know what to do but I'm researching it
now totality in 2 hours and 29 minutes
okay I made a rash decision here I
checked the weather so let's actually
rain here in like 2:15 like a half an
hour before totality Wow I put doctor on
I'm not taking the chance I'm driving
two hours north to Columbia South
Carolina where there's not supposed to
be any rain
according to maps it's an hour and 44
minutes totality is in an hour and 59
minutes but I think I can make it it's
like dark and literally raining outside
I mean it's not it it's funny it's funny
totality in 1 hour and 22 minutes look
at this
our viewer here is in a good spot down
there yes sir it's about two miles the
end of this road there's a big open
field along the lake shore of Lake
Marion like that it's about two miles
down the end of the road thank you thank
you sir so friendly down here all right
so this is it this is where I'm going to
watch the Eclipse from nothing but blue
skies I'm in the middle of a field in
the middle of nowhere there are a lot of
other people in the middle of this field
in the middle of nowhere I don't think
I've answered why I've come to the
Eclipse yet today I was going to come
with my friends they all bailed on me my
little brother is still supposed to meet
me but this is just one of those events
that I had to see with my own eyes it's
the last time the Space Shuttle blasts
it off I stopped everything and went to
see that
I was really glad to have done that in
life and today is another one of those
situations I just to see it it should be
begun now I don't have a proper lens to
film the Eclipse so I'm going to take
these glasses on to this camera and hope
that it doesn't destroy the camera
that's a little glass of the air that
look at it almost fully equipped
almost fully there oh man six minutes
till totality six letters here it's out
of little brother sound are you know you
didn't bring special glasses you welcome
cord
hey hey Greta really really insane right
you
it's like it's hard to explain what this
is like right now it's like a weird
darkness right so close it's so close
Dinah's did the sliver laughs what do
you think kid it's awesome
we're just a jarhead that's totally dark
out break it out oh I get it
John Athena
oh hey that was awesome
