hello and welcome to beam news the only
news program that talks exclusively
about beam because why else would anyone
have a news program that talks about
being besides me today's program is a
quick one we're talking about three
things first up very important we posted
an update on the Saturday if you haven't
gotten a yet get it it's update version
point five in this version a couple of
big things number one people are sending
a borderline ridiculous amount of
reactions I love it
don't stop sending them we'll just make
it easier for you to view them and view
them fast
next up big thing this update we fixed
the posting bug no longer will your
posting gets stuck now that goes
smoothly
tiny Easter Egg in there when you touch
where it says posting the red text which
says posting underneath that it will
show you the exact progress of your
posts it'll show you the percentage of
the post how much is done down to the
one hundredth of one percent it will
also show you in bytes how many bytes
are remaining it's really cool okay this
right here we slowed this way down they
post much faster than this I just wanted
you guys to see how cool it looks
singing it upload in real time it's
awesome okie stickers I said on
yesterday's vlog I wasn't too keen on
these stickers like this one and this
one I think they're fine they just like
they are awesome so I said you guys send
me stickers two stickers at beam com
some of them been coming in they're kind
of great some are terrible this is what
some of them look like these are some of
what you guys have been sending us some
of these are kind of great right
okay anyways you've been sending us like
a zillion of these things and we
appreciate it
keep them coming we'll select a couple
that we really like and we'll actually
send them into production last thing on
today's agenda is today's recommendation
is a young lady named Claudia I think
that's her name her user name is Claudia
cats I don't know her she lives in
Poland
I've never been to Poland and she's
always like sharing her little
experiences in Poland like riding on a
train with her girlfriends
or what looks like some beautiful palace
I don't know I find her very interesting
and kind of funny
she usually speaks in English sometimes
in Polish check her out if you're
interested I think that's I think that's
it for today's beam news thanks for
tuning in
