so this thing like this makes you go
forward this makes you go backwards and
then like go superfast it's a brushless
motor you can you can like put it in
reverse a little bit and it'll slow you
down long but it's not safe it's so
scary in the city early run today I'm
trying something new I tweeted out for
people to ask me questions about running
I'm going to answer those running
questions throughout my run this might
be a really bad idea to actually wanted
to get a good run in this morning but
all right standing in the mill the
Westside Highway
first question what keeps you from
quitting for me I just love it why would
you ever quit something you really love
okay back to run
okay I'm Canal Street now next question
how did I get into running I used to run
a little bit in middle school on
cross-country but I didn't really get
into it until I broke my leg in 27
places and the doctor said I'd never run
again the best way to really challenge
me or most people is to tell them they
can't do something that's how I got
running okay
okay next question
Casey how do you wake up so early to run
let them almost up like two hours it
always feels better to sacrifice like an
hour of sleep for an hour of running I
have more energy throughout the day and
like learning that overtime really makes
it easy to jump out of bed knowing what
he's ahead of it which is it off and run
Casey what vlogging camera to use when
you run I used to just use my iPhone but
now I use this GoPro session this little
guy and I have my doubts about this
camera when you're Pro sent it to me but
I gotta say it's pretty amazing I
learned my lesson you never doubt GoPro
all right that concludes my run and that
distance really frustrates my OCD I
could have gone like another 100 feet
and it would have been an even a okay
that's all I hope you enjoyed today's
running Q&A I'm headed into the office
this morning just for a minute
I have to check on the team make sure
everything's good and then I'm going
back out to Connecticut to go back to
the hospital just like yesterday
although slightly less stressful today
because anyways going to check on the
team now hey what's up I'm missing the
important yesterday besides your haircut
just the haircut I saw it on beam did I
miss anything important yesterday no I
see this is coming along Colin yeah
still don't like those odds
okay so we're going to Frank and sign
them and cannibalize them and get them
one of them up and running guys have a
good weekend Godspeed see you later
later Jack Han Casey been combat Alex
we're all those guys in there you're
doing a stuff
or something and keep time he's been
waiting here for two days I like been
out of town
by us yesterday I drove to Connecticut
to visit someone in the hospital the
drive is a total stress out I'm going to
take the train today which is also a
stress out but I'm hoping less stressful
than driving plus it means I get to ride
my skateboard to Grand Central Station
alright next stop for in Central Station
I'm about to get on Park Avenue which
might be the most dangerous scariest
road to ride a bike on let alone an
electric skateboard I'm going to go
extra careful here the helmets going
back on now
I'm doing it I'm doing it
yeah okay that was crazy
completely unnecessary extremely
dangerous and probably illegal but I
just couldn't resist going through the
Park Avenue tunnel on the skateboard
made it to Grand Central Station I'm
still alive
made it out of 20 seconds to spare the
conductor was not amused at my electric
skateboard
sky right here he's beaming was beaming
okay I'm just arriving in New Haven
Connecticut to go to the Yale New Haven
Hospital not sure what's going to happen
but I'm not gonna be blogging
I'm sure you understand
