you
well look it's Super Mario Brothers 3
Super Mario Brothers right it's so good
6:33 a.m. on a Tuesday very early right
now go to the gym today she's got to get
it done
feeling pretty good about that gym visit
great way to start the day
morning Matt are you going to yes
hey 38 not me to that yeah I'm taking my
motorized skateboard Matt and I have an
early meeting
he's walking there I'm going to be
taking I'm going to be taking the
boosted board I need a helmet for it and
I don't have a helmet
all right last time I wore this helmet I
was havin rubber bullets being fired at
me in Ferguson Missouri but should keep
me safe on the skateboard
now I have a quick breakfast meeting at
the usual spot and then I have a meeting
uptown
yo dude where's your electric skateboard
I'm still eating as healthy as possible
this is a good place for that Matt gets
up huevos rancheros
take care guys this will be my longest
journey on the skateboard Matt what's up
guys what's growing damn Katie what's up
dude
awesome to meet you awesome meet you
your freaky friend your home for me I
will give Brandi a hug for you take care
guys have fun you get in the office say
Tuesday it's Q&A day
okay Q&A time
what do you think beam will be available
for Android I wish I could say days it's
going to be months we are working on it
right now believe me I want it in the
hands of Android users as soon as
possible if there is a way to do it
faster we'd be doing that oh I like this
question if you were president what
would you change that DMV why the DMV
isn't completely computerized and
seamless is beyond me that's what I
would change if I were president
the Department of Motor Vehicles are you
planning on making any longer movies in
the vlogs in the near future not really
kind of like this whole vlog thing I
have a couple like three movies that not
movies just like pile of footage I've
been sitting on for a while that I
really want to shape into something but
I kind of like the bandwidth right now
to do that how do you find all this
great music people send me all the music
that I use and that's no joke a bunch of
really amazing musicians and composers
Gina Gina I remember you from our Meetup
how was LA and will we be seeing
Francine and Gigi anytime soon la was
amazing albeit slightly overwhelming but
a really incredible experience Frannie
and Gigi will be back on the vlog I just
like it's sometimes hard bringing the
vlog into my home I like it I love
seeing it on there but when I'm home
sometimes I just want to be home without
the camera so when you don't see Candace
or Frannie or Gigi know the reason why
is just that I don't know I guess I just
want to be a hundred percent present
when I'm with the fam it's not always
sometimes I like to share it's weird
what would you do with Donald Trump's
hair if it were to fall into your hands
I would go like that and then I would
wash my hand how relieved were you when
Bheem launched I wasn't relieved at all
that was like this after having my kids
the scariest day of my life was
launching bean Carter wants to know a
favorite part about VidCon favorite part
about VidCon when I release these movies
I literally just click upload the next
day I'll see like a view count but it's
just a number it's abstract and what was
so wonderful about VidCon is literally
like meeting all the people that
actually see my move
he's like putting a face to that getting
to shake their hands or give them a hug
or take a picture with them
I hope they count invites me back in
years to come Shane wants to know how
much do you love Ben Brown I love Ben
brown so much then is a good friend of
mine if you guys don't know about him
I'll link his blog below go check him
out he's a daily vlogger he's an
adventurer he's just an awesome guy he's
a dear friend
I loved hanging out with him at VidCon
that was like my second favorite part of
it do you ever get burnt out from doing
a vlog every day yes I get burnt out
from being a vlog every day every day
the pivot or an inflection point from
that burnout happens every morning when
I click upload and that like sensation
that sense of accomplishment is so
addictive that it drives me through the
next day of burnout and then I upload
again and this is the virtuous cycle
that is daily vlogging Joanne asks do
you ever sleep in the truth is no I post
these vlogs every morning at 8 a.m.
which precludes me from ever sleeping in
the scan cludes today's QA I just lifted
my monitor here in a much darker now
than it was at the start of the QA see
this situation here these are my windows
and when I start QA these windows like
the Sun is coming through and I just
finished and the Sun is pretty
diminished that's why I'm sort of darker
now than it was when I started walking
home really wish I was riding the
boosted board home today was too fast
