that's a huge helicopter two things one
is that Candice that's my wife
that's not my wife that's Candace
sat me down like one would sit down a
small child and she schooled me on
wearing a helmet while I ride my boosted
board she's completely right so from now
on I'm going to make a much much much
bigger effort to wear this helmet wanna
ride my boosted board but about this
helmet I think I showed you before but I
saw a light from the front of the helmet
that looked like an emergency vehicle
that way people know to get the hell out
of my way I also installed in flashing
light in the back of the helmet so cars
coming up from behind know that it's me
but I just yesterday installed this here
emergency whistles via velcro with a
rope on the side of the helmet so now
when I ride I just keep this little
bastard right here I mouth like this and
no one so he'll or crossing the street
or sauna gets on my marathon I just look
what I just ripped left them they get
out of my way
safety is cool this next bits not so
cool though remember my friend max he is
this guy max well I love max one of my
favorite people in the whole world at my
wedding he signed the marriage
certificate he's a very very special
person to me so he's in the studio last
week and then he left the studio and
then he called me from outside the
studio is like hey I left my favorite
sunglasses upstairs can you bring them
down so I was like dude I'm gonna see
you tomorrow come to you tomorrow but
then I didn't see him tomorrow and then
he was like can you send them to me
nothing of course I never sent them to I
threw them in my backpack so I wouldn't
forget to give them to I am truly
genuinely entirely sorry I don't even
know how I did it man
before I get started I are you a
gigantic thank you a few months ago on
the blog I did a little giveaway where I
talked about all these awesome pictures
and paintings that people make of me and
how I don't know what the hell to do
with them so I can't blow up my own
house and pictures of myself so super
weird so I did a thing on Facebook where
you go and donate money to Red Nose Day
a cause that I'm a part of and if you
did that maybe I would pick you and send
you one of these paintings well and this
is like huge this is amazing this is
unbelievable we raised over seventy
seven thousand dollars it's over ten
thousand kids in Africa getting school
textbooks in a daily hot meal because of
this fundraiser because of you you know
I have to say anytime I've done like a
giveaway or a raised money for charity
or asked you to participate in anything
even marginally benevolent you all have
stepped up in force and I appreciate
that
in any event sorry it took me a little
while but if you get a Facebook message
from Jeremy he works with me he's trying
to get in touch with you to send you
your custom Casey night net face
painting or sculpture or something weird
that involves this day's so today's
episode in its entirety is going to be
me opening all of these boxes that
people have sent me now without
exception
this what happens when you go from a
daily vlog to a once-a-week vlog and
then all of your awesome mail time mail
packages just pile up fidget spinner
stole thing
I recently built a jet-powered electric
longboard hey Jake I'd love to give you
a rocket-powered longboard to try Oliver
lamb Watson a disabled youtuber seems
like a pretty badass individual maybe
check out his channel sweatshirt panties
the pretty cool envelope some serious
ingenuity here I feel like I have on
these other kid not entirely sure what
these things are for no problem
no no no this first started a shoe
company to build a community that
supports and empowers adolescents
battling cancer
check out his organization right there
some my homie these are his clothes
these are great I was at VidCon you okay
where I was that big time I went out
late because I was running around and
I'm trying to find a mini naasson and
Mickey Mouse for Francine this guy named
Jason was there in the audience he saw
me so he sent it that Jason was
extremely thoughtful of you water
clothing today I got scoped for yourself
on review me okay here we go
my official review of this foot massager
oh oh that is nice Oh oh wow there's a
lot going on in there Wow ah one this is
some custom Street plants case here in
skateboard signed by the man himself
maikelele Mike I used to worship you and
I was a kid you were at my favorite
skateboarder
making progress really making progress
here well this isn't the most whoa okay
amazing
I don't know nothing about guitars this
right here is a is a lefty Telecaster he
gave it to me in the names of Jacqueline
Jessica and Liz this is donated for them
and he wants you to give this away as
part of the Red Nose Day Giveaway so
there's going to be one of the presents
that's given away the people who
contribute the rent to the Red Nose Day
fundraiser listen we've got ourselves an
electric skateboard I'm going to put
this away and review this in another
video coming soon another review video
where I compare this electric skateboard
to the boosted board whoa this is
awesome good more packages yeah you see
all this these are all packages that
just open but now you've got more I'll
take them
thank you very much well I didn't
actually finish opening all the packages
but there's more so this is going to
have to be to be continued hey hey max
yeah Max and I talking about your
glasses really yeah yeah laughing whoa
what what what si you'd be more mad well
I'm sad more than I am ready my favorite
class what did you do I cannot what
damage juice a menudo I'll grab the
fucking out what damage push the hole
somebody sent me this cool little tank
made out of glass and it has like a
thing here to shoot water out of or
something to obtain your trick it's
probably for the baby to play with
