hello and welcome to the first ever
episode of beam news on today's program
a lot to talk about starting off with
what is being news I didn't want being
to dominate what I talk about and what I
do on the vlog so I thought I would like
pull out the Beame stuff from the vlog
put it into beam news compartmentalize
it here and this is a place where you
can talk about being a little warning
beam news is not the vlog this is a
program for people that use beam or
interested in being so if you don't use
beam and aren't interested in it you
should stop watching right now matter to
beam codes we started beam codes because
it seemed like a really great way to get
your friends onto beam and make sure you
were all following each other
I invite you you accept we're following
each other you invite someone else they
accept you're following each other but
there were too many downloads on day one
and we use beam codes to limit people
coming on to limit capacity we're past
that now we no longer need beam codes to
limit capacity so what that means now is
if you go onto beam generate codes you
can make as many codes as you want you
can invite as many people as you want
you can text them to people email them
to people post them on Twitter and
whoever accepts your beam code will
automatically be following you and we're
hoping that's a really positive way to
like build a good group of people to
follow if you don't have a beam code and
you don't know anybody who's on beam use
Pizza Pizza work for the next week or so
and will periodically give out generic
codes like pizza to anyone who wants to
join Diamond doesn't know anyone matter
three Android number one question I get
is when are you going to be on Android a
little context when you're creating
something new like beam you have to
build it from the ground up now when you
build it from the ground up you try a
lot of things that fail you try some
things that work it's a really intensive
process and to do that intensive process
on two platforms is impossible and more
expensive than we could afford so we did
it on iphone first we're good now we're
doing it on Android we have a really
good team on it working on it as
aggressively as we can
but it's a process I can't promise a
date what I can promise is that we are
working on it as hard as we can
devoting all resources we can to it and
we are on Android it's going to be a
totally kick-ass experience for everyone
and until then please accept my humble
apology by breaking news being news
announcement here
the biggest complaint we've been getting
besides wishing we're on Android has
been about this bug where it just says
posting forever Collin what's the
posting bug all about known issue
rooting it out app update coming soon
have you fixed it totally 100% fix 100%
fixed when do we see the app update it's
going in today here at beam we're on it
alright next up on the agenda
pro tip when you're watching something
on beam you can transfer fingers and it
will keep playing it won't stop so you
can switch your hands you can switch
fingers anyways that's the pro tip of
the day last up who should you follow a
lot of people have been asking who to
follow on being that's always going to
happen when there's a new social network
so we'll suggest people to follow you
should also follow be map on Twitter
because we're gonna recommend people on
a daily basis also worth noting and
you're being feed strangers pop up those
are people you don't follow but if
they're interesting don't be afraid to
follow them
that's what beans all about exposing you
to new perspectives ok
today's recommend is my friend Samantha
this is her username you should
definitely follow her she lives in Texas
on a farm she has four goats I believe
something like that a bunch of rabbits
and all kinds of crazy animals she's
like a young girl she's really fun
really funny and her being yesterday was
her driving in her car with her goat in
the passenger seat and then her getting
to a light argument with her husband
because the goat peed in the passenger
seat of her car if you're interested in
goats especially ones that drive in
human cars follow Samantha she's pretty
awesome okay this concludes
this concludes episode 1 of beam news
more news coming soon thanks for tuning
in
