someone
buf it's Tuesday morning tomorrow
morning I leave for California I'm going
to Anaheim for uh for VidCon which I've
never done before and I'm pretty excited
about hey I know you
what's up bye cat nice to see you this
morning
I think you're on the vlog
I've been a little overwhelmed with
questions about beam especially on
Twitter I appreciate it feel free to
keep them coming but I really have come
to enjoy the dialogue that is this vlog
with you the viewers and I don't want to
just be dominated by beam so let's make
this Q&A about something else
um first let me just give sort of the
required apology for that terrible noise
you're hearing in the background I don't
know it's just general New York City
nonsense
sorry for the noise okay back to the Q&A
David asks what's your favorite and
least favorite part of your average day
favorite part is waking up I love
starting the day least favorite part is
the battle between life do I leave work
early so I can spend a little extra time
with the family where I get my work done
and then I have to see my family less
it's like a lose-lose have you ever
collaborated with Candice on any work no
I'd like to I just find that like work
plus relationships is never a good idea
so I try to be supportive but actually
like collaborating with her I think
might be dangerous Rufus asks when did
you stop smoking ah you know I was never
a huge smoker I smoked for like a couple
years when I was like 22 23 running
through an airport as fast as I could to
catch my plane and like having trouble
breathing and that's not was like
smoking is for idiots I'm done and I
like I quit then and there and I've
never smoked again so he's bad
Gabi asks how do I realize what I want
to do with my life I literally have no
idea and I'm 19 figuring out like your
purpose or your passion or your mission
in life is really really hard to do I've
always said like you should either be
realizing your dreams or figuring out
what they are figuring out what they are
is really hard the best advice I could
give to how to figure it out is to keep
very very busy and for some people that
means going to college for some people
that means getting a job for other
people it can manifest itself in a
million
different ways but sitting around trying
to figure it out will never yield
results
Danielle asks what did you think the
first time you saw Candice Candice was
such a babe when I met her and she was
so out of my league so the first thing
that I thought when I saw her was like I
will stop at nothing to get this girl to
like me it was like it was a hard-fought
battle that one Michael asks favorite
hobby running running is the one thing I
love to do in my free time more than
anything else
Dexter asks why don't you bike anymore I
live very close to the office walking is
literally faster than having to lock my
bike up that's all my mom wants to know
your favorite place to travel and where
you would go that you've never been
favorite place to travel unquestionably
Cape Town South Africa
that's Candace's hometown it's where she
was born she's so happy when she's there
it's also like this incredible place on
the other side of the planet where would
I go that I haven't been yet I've never
been to China loved to go to China by
like ultimate goal as I'd love to go to
space which feels like it could happen
in my lifetime what would you do if you
woke up in the morning you realized that
the last 10 years of your life was a
dream I get to work Richard asks how
does Candice feel about you always being
at work honestly it's one of the reasons
why I love her so much and why our
marriage is the success that it is so
far is she's really understanding of my
not just of the fact that I have to work
a lot but the fact that like my work is
who I am and if there was any threat to
that that it would like be a threat to
me as an entire person works not
something I do work is literally the
person is who I am it's my identity and
she doesn't want to jeopardize that
she's very supportive Candice is great
rival asks do you love us us the
subscribers love is a strong word I owe
you guys the people that watch my blog
and the people have downloaded beam and
the people that follow me on Twitter I
owe like so much of my career to the
fact that you've chosen to give your
time to spend it with me and the stuff
that I made I appreciate that
on a level that is indescribable like
without the audience for this vlog and
everywhere else like I wouldn't have a
so I appreciate that but I don't really
know why like some like social media
kids and like vloggers say I love you
the audience I love like six people on
planet Earth two of them are my children
so love is a strong word if I'm going to
be really honest with you I wouldn't use
the word love it's a deep appreciation
for the fact that you're so generous
with your time and that you're so honest
with me and that you say nice things in
the comments below it means so much but
love tomorrow okay I got to end this
right now um I have something I'd like
to share with you so I have nearly every
means of unnecessary motorized vehicular
personal transport systems I have this
busted white hoverboard this fully
functional black hoverboard this
ridiculously fun one meal hoverboard
this self-balancing motorized unicycle
but but there's one means of unnecessary
human whatever I called it before that I
don't have that I really want and that's
changing today contained in this box is
something I've literally wanted since I
was a little little tiny boy what's that
you got there skateboard motorized
skateboard okay I've had a lot of work
to do today but yesterday I went the
entire day without leaving the office
literally and that's gonna be different
today so I gotta go check in with the
team and then I'm going to take a quick
motorized skateboard office break
hey Z what's up guys
okay this is the inaugural ride on the
boosted board I think I'm doing it right
I did not read the instructions per
usual okay it feels pretty good I feel
like I must not have charged it because
I think the battery is dead don't these
things come charge I knew I was using
this thing wrong this skateboard has an
app that's ridiculous and and I was set
to beginner mode I've now moved it into
Pro Mode promo okay now actually go 24
miles an hour instead of 11 whoa that's
fast
okay starting to get the hang of it it's
a little on the 2fast side there's
truthfully honestly absolutely no need
for escape for a skateboard to go this
fast
it's literally faster than the speed
limit in New York City allows
yo Casey nice that you are like my hero
oh my gosh
I love this thing yes gotta write this
alright Matt I will see you in
California say flight don't work too
late it is
11:13 in the PM I have a flight tomorrow
morning at 7 a.m. so I have to be up at
5 a.m. and I unpacked himself the office
