you can do it Carly all right you know
you're doing there
right
supposed to be a hundred degrees out
today but it's also Monday I'm psyched
to be back in the office I've never been
so buried or overwhelmed at work
peak workday 2015 the spawn beam
launched Friday all kinds of crazy crap
accrued over the weekend that needs to
be dealt with and now I'm heading in
bright and early to confront it Thank
You Miguel I've been trying to keep the
old hoverboard out of the vlog but I
just missed it so much it had to make a
comeback
morning you look tan
now that the cat is out of the bag with
beam I can share some of the things that
have been doing a really terrible job of
blurring here in the office okay first
thing is this awesome motivational this
is how to keep the team highly motivated
and I've just been trying to blur the
launch date and I was trying to blur it
not because not because it's a secret
but because like I didn't want to be
held to it in fact we didn't end up
launching when that was I shouldn't want
to give people the wrong impression
that's why we tried to blur that let's
see what else these are some of our
self-imposed deadlines like this was
supposed to be when we had reactions up
and running but this is the first
deadline we missed we missed it by one
day never okay on June 1st we had 100
beta users and then we had a follow
graph on June 1st as well that sort of
worked and then on June 10th we
submitted to the App Store and then our
initial approval in the App Store we
only release the app in well it says
Kazakh Stan but there's actually
Kyrgyzstan that's kind of complicated
like you have to release it in a region
before you can lease an update we didn't
end up doing any of that but we had a
really funny plan where the app was only
going to exist in Kyrgyzstan didn't
happen and I wanted to announce the app
on the vlog on July 13th that didn't
happen
instead I announce that July 17th but we
weren't going to have it the app to
download until the 20th and it was just
going to be the app where you could get
on the wait list and then we were going
to launch it sneak preview on the 23rd
and then at the official launch sometime
thereafter and just to be clear the
launch last week was only supposed to be
a sneak preview that's why we had to
like that's why we had this is Matt
Matson that's why we had the bean codes
is because we wanted to sort of curb
people from using it until we were
really ready it didn't work out that way
everyone used it anyways but we're
really excited about but that's why the
bean codes are sort of being held back
now is because this is only supposed to
be a sneak preview but we're going to
deal with that this week and there'll be
a whole bunch of bean codes coming out
so everybody will be able to get in and
I am sorry that that people can't get in
now that want to get in when do the new
beam t-shirts show up they're on their
way here hopefully now there's a
tremendous amount of mail today for mail
time so I'm going to grab a quick coffee
and then happen
I've been here for four hours KP one
hour hour I'm so sorry
so exciting
who are you Prime
I came out for coffee things have just
gotten out of control
mom yeah I watch in the Boeing going to
a grave yeah crazy take care guys bye
guys bye
Nell time okay thanks fine am I getting
the trash before you go check Thanks you
know I probably won't you come join me I
say help me open these boxes you have
serious I love you I appreciate it thank
you for my pet cube you just open
yeah just hoping I'm like crazy
sometimes I show the boxes like look how
good this box is it says cool tools
and then I take a switchblade and then I
cut it open cool tools for DIY thank you
for this amazing book I'm psyched for it
Kevin Kelly you know no but I think
that's it from thank you Kevin
I think you do enough I don't think you
need to do any more I know that's why I
didn't keep it Thank You Kate Murphy for
this painting it's gonna go in
Francine's room
well this bag Roman thank you let's see
what's in here
I think okay that's me oh my god I like
this one
deer nest thank you for all this amazing
food yes there we go anyways thank you
yeah you can have them Carly this is the
first package for beam from mailtime PS
can you mention me on the blog yes Mike
yes Mike Peron I can mention you on the
vlog let's do it right tonight
Mike as a boy from New England let me
just say I appreciate this Canadian
maple syrup I really like mailtime I
didn't see a note but thank you for
these handsome socks wait so what what
have you been up to today other than
opening mail beam we haven't seen you in
a while
its sheer chaos over at beam HQ so it's
nice to take a break open up some
packages and then go back to it it's
been a while Carly Wow it's been a lot
neglected I just have to see into your
life through being thank God for Dean
thank God for me my waiting no they're
like crazy instant that you're doing
I told her to say that whoa check this
out
oh my gosh oh wait there I am again
Glenn thank you for this
I brought Casey a giant bag of Reese's
peanut butter cups and then you ate them
all um your class didn't you I did I'm
taking the coding class with some of the
students that I sponsored with my
favorite college ball scholarship code
with Charley generous Carly sponsors
young girls to learn how to code it's an
amazing thing that's not a plug she's
it's a nonprofit it's a great thing it's
getting warm in here we this summer
responded twenty girls
that's huge Johnny girls time how to
show them in class with a couple of them
thank you for this motivational painting
hey Carly yeah
when'd your YouTube channel launching oh
I made this for you Carly mealtime
includes a present for me - ooh I like
milk
launching soon launching soon can't wait
we've fallen I was all subscribed you I
promise okay I just wanted to show this
mess before mail time officially end so
long Carly good to see you bye bye I'm
getting out of here oh I like your shirt
I'll see you tomorrow
no nice setup nice head up right yeah
you like it yeah I'm in Los Angeles
later this week so today and tomorrow
will be the last days for four days that
I get to see Candace and the baby so I'm
trying to get home early spend a little
extra time with them because I really
like them
we be in the block we'd win can we get
rid of one hey sorry you missed it
