5:42 a.m. New York City did you know
that yacht like this Park in Manhattan
alright that's it four and a half miles
here's a little foreshadowing today's
episode
blue skies right there but over here
nothing but gray skies and thunder we
got a big storm coming in that was
pretty accurate foreshadowing about the
rain taking its travel vlog three times
10 times laws a little bit of a family
vlog a lot more of a travel vlog good
mood now okay here's the deal our flight
has been delayed two hours which sucks
we order breakfast off of this off of
this tablet thing here we made a deal
with the devil which was giving Francine
this for breakfast which makes her happy
in the short term and then in the long
term it's a total absolute freak out so
need any more three that's enough what
happened oh yes it's a special occasion
we don't stand no cheatin Bobby well yes
your stand on cheating my baby
oh yeah just and oh Jesus don't stand on
@midnight people update our playlist
wait another hour
Thank You nighted they did let us come
in the club though thanks United
Francine out a level four freak out and
now we're kind just hoping that we get a
fly out at all awesome music on a hard
so in the three and a half hours late
really tough get their act other clean
take five
and happening for the massiveness of BBC
and what you develop that menthol in a
sociable people signers turn off or that
see this is it this is where I leave
Candice and Francie and Candice's mother
is here to pick up Candice and then I'm
going on you want to see granny
yes please hang on
okay the plane I'm leaving from exactly
a different part of the airport but
Candace is gonna drive it is a
ridiculous empty everything we need okay
give me a lift
lovebirds we're doing none of it once
thrown me if you're here here
goodbye child home Dylan what's up guys
hey Vince yeah great turn that TV off
what I do in to that off
can you turn it off
okay so here's what's happening here
you might remember Paul Paul from
previous productions but we are we're
taking a plane from here in Houston
we're taking a tiny plane to martha
Texas which is a very small town in
Texas we're going there to location
scout for a movie that we're making it's
kind of like make account the movie they
made with max back and separately make
this client know we're cutting it close
so far the trip is off your ability to
responsible whatever it's a movie that
we're making for Samsung not so much an
add more a movie for Samsung this is not
an ad but we're going there two
locations yet but it's an amazing place
just very very hard to get to and our
little plane isn't here yet it's finally
here
can we go out we don't have the okay
yeah I do okay
here we're going to take off now we're
going to fly to market where our
enforcement hopefully get there before
dark outside
landing in ten minutes that that out
there is southern south western Texas
this is why you travel here is so
unbelievably beautiful so unbelievably
beautiful here and that's why we're
locations down here it
I came here once before it on me
wheel down we have a sign get out of
this airplane
okay gentlemen how are you not doing
well how are you check the top
what kind of think of it oh my god
