look at this rain
heavy stuff shouldn't be coming down for
hours
she's away
how long have you been up good morning
oh no one oh hi okay you two I will be
right back right I'll be right back
Francine okay I have to run and get the
car and I'm definitely going to take the
super powered hoverboard one wheel thing
all right the garage is there there it
is
hey doing
Candice got to get the baby are you
excited
Casey hi I'm Tina thank you your
drawings are amazing
thanks for the drawings guys enjoy your
day in the city we are now headed to
Connecticut who is that girl in
Starbucks Britta she's so cute she I
found her online she does these awesome
drawings and I told her I liked them and
she's like oh I'm from in the city I'll
bring you one isn't that nice
did the rain wake the baby up
all right obligatory stop to feed the
baby let's not get donuts today okay
excited
almost there Francine come on baby you
excited to sequence that's it look how
happy she is you outside
but their feet Chris daddy daddy bye dad
bye Susan
have a nice tickle rest I will today is
not a beach day anyone down there are we
home y'all come get you out is your big
brother here hey Junior it's a happy the
dog is to see Owen Francine wants to go
to the aquarium you're gonna come right
oh yeah family trip the aquarium that
dolphins I hope not
what about the bit the blue the whales
are they still there yeah which little
babies excited for the equipment oh not
this baby you bring in french fries the
aquarium Owen and my Starbucks who is
excited for the aquarium you want to see
a big fish Frannie this is the mystic
aquarium this is the aquarium daddy used
to go to with your brother when he was a
baby in the aquarium I co2 when I was a
baby say Oh gorgeous tickets
don't know if this is meant to be one
like this
great trip to the aquarium we're going
home now
did you have fun no one's gonna drive us
home because I'm too tired I'm going for
a hoverboard ride thank you
it's pretty psyched to come to
Connecticut this weekend the launch of
beam this week things have just been
nuts in the city good to be out here a
lot of people are asking me because we
have a release enough beam codes which
we haven't but we're releasing all the
beam codes we can a ton are going to
come out next week so most of you will
be able to get in sorry that we have to
do that we just have to be responsible
if too many people come in everybody's
experience will kind of suck question do
you think I can ride this thing on the
beach
