that gentleman seems very upset
two things you need to know first thing
today is beamed it what that means is
today is the day that beam launched now
you're seeing this tomorrow so tomorrow
will mean that yesterday was beam day
but tomorrow's yesterday is today and
today is beam day and beam day is crazy
nuts the second thing you need to know I
didn't sleep at all last night I laid
down in the office for like 15 minutes
at 5:00 a.m. so I'm a little bit loopy
today so if I don't make any sense in
today's vlog just know it's like because
of total exhaustion I'm not on drugs or
anything I just like it's been so long
since I've slept we got a lot of
visitors the office day we got kids
waiting outside with balloons beam day
is a crazy day crazy what's going on out
there there's a lot of people outside
what are you guys doing down there
these are now in the bar I'm coming down
it's beam day I've got a whole cacophony
of things to talk about regarding beam
before I do during last week's mail time
I said something to the effect of
whenever I open up mail tine boxes I get
scared that there's going to be a human
head inside that was a joke I just want
to say to whatever wiseass sent me this
today you totally freaked me out this is
as far as I get
okay and then I open this up look try to
tell me this wouldn't freak you out okay
what does that look like in there okay
then you pull it away what does that
look like that's red and then it's like
sticky and biological looking and it's
shaped like a skull
this is a human head made out of like
gummy bear material this is disgusting
and you completely freaked me out when I
opened it very funny
please no one else send me human heads
what I can do fueled gross on today's
program we're going to cover three
things all pertaining to bean number
number one Pro tips number two whoo
number number two who to follow and
number three we're gonna do like a short
Q&A yesterday I should I use it like
this and that does work really well but
you don't have to hold it against your
chest see it just works off this sensor
up here that you can really see on a
white phone like see that dot the little
one right above that your whole thing
that dot right there is the sensor cover
that and it starts recorded so what that
means is like you can definitely just go
like this and it records or if you want
to talk to the camera and you like this
and then talk to the camera beam isn't
just about holding your phone against
your chest the principle behind that is
it's about not looking at your phone
while you capture and if you're holding
it up like this and the screens black
there's not a whole lot to look at
you're not interrupting the moment for
the phone with that there's some fun
stuff you can do okay this is my
favorite thing to do while I'm riding my
bicycle or I'm on a skateboard ready
because it like captures exactly what
I'm looking at and because I'm holding
it to my face it picks up your voice
really well so it's great for narration
you do kind of look like a knuckle and
holding your phone like this though now
each clip is four seconds long only four
seconds long if you pull it away before
four seconds it cancels the post but
your beam can be as long as you want it
to be if you want it to be longer just
keep capturing more clips when it comes
to sending reactions it's really fun to
send a whole bunch of them so one thing
I like to do while I'm watching
somebody's beam is just to keep reacting
and move my head slightly like this or
spin around slightly and then when the
person's looking at my reactions if they
tap fast enough it almost looks like a
stop frame movie okay I think that's it
for pro tips next up who to follow
beam's brand new so most users have no
idea how to use the platform or how to
do really interesting things on it yet
but there are a couple of people that
have been on our beta for a lot that
have really found their voice so here
are three recommends number one is my
friend Ben Brown his user name is Ben
that's a ridiculously good user name I
highly recommend you check out then
because ven lives in South Africa he's
always traveling like the last week all
of his beans were from Zambia and like
the Zambezi River he's like a really
positive guy who is always on an
adventure so I would check out Ben next
up is my friend Sean Duras it's like the
country Honduras and the name Sean
combined Sean Duras Sean is just like
he's one of the happiest most lovely
human beings I've ever met on be neat
l's he's like really amazing almost like
intimate little stories from his life
like yesterday he almost missed his
airplane and his whole beam was about
racing to the airport and like it
started in an uber on his way to the
airport and the beam ended literally in
the cockpit of the plane so definitely
check out Sean Duras Sean just posted
let's let's check out one of his beams
about rob a bank
dead serious
all right the last person that I want to
recommend his name is Harris now Harris
is like a young guy he lives here in New
York City and he does things on being
that I didn't think you could do
he has shirts and he keeps his phone in
his Harris also Ament 'add a couple of
really weird techniques like he built
this like hand strap for his phone so
record like that and he had one thing
that I love he takes his phone and he
tucks it into his belt so it looks like
this and then he can record hands-free
he just has a bunch of really weird
really awesome things on theme' so
definitely check out Harris section 3
which is Q&A now normally I do my Q&A is
by going on Twitter or sending ask me
questions but all I've been getting all
day are questions about beam so thank
you guys for the number one question
I've been getting is is beam going to be
on Android and the answer is yes
100% I do carry an Android phone in
addition to my iPhone so one will it be
available on Android soon will have an
app on Android where you can reserve
your name and we're going to release
that before release the full app on
Android cuz that's going to take longer
but it's happening and it's not like a
year away it's happening it's going to
happen like as soon as possible
we really wanted on Android our mission
here the the principle that all of our
decisions that beam revolve around the
goal that we're trying to accomplish is
to promote empathy by sharing
perspective and what that means is if
you can see the world from everyone's
perspective you'll better understand who
other people are and how they live and
limiting that to one ecosystem really
limits the effectiveness of a platform
like being
hell yeah free M&Ms Thank You oh I get I
just did
thank you for my M&Ms really excited to
be getting out of the office early I
didn't really get to see Francine
yesterday so I'm making sure I'm home in
time tonight to give her a bath and put
her to bed hello there hello hi did you
have a great day Oh is mommy giving you
your mixing bowl you're gonna make some
toy soup no dad dad ha
hey dad died what are you doing that
who's in jail who's in jail mom I have a
baby
