you see social media it's supposed to be
a digital or virtual version of who we
are as people
instead it's this highly sculpted
calculated calibrated version of who we
are told through filters that make our
eyes bluer and carefully selected images
to portray a version of who we are
it doesn't really resemble the reality
of things my team and I we've spent the
last year plus building a new version of
social a new way to share one that we
feel bridges that uncanny valley
real-life is here social media is here
and we're up here this is bean all other
social apps when you want to share a
picture or video you go like this and
instead of seeing the world with your
eyes you're seeing it through your phone
or they work like this where I'm staring
at myself making sure I look a certain
way and then when I stop recording like
this where I'm staring at myself I get
to scrutinize myself that's just it I'm
not sharing the real me I'm sharing a
version of me with Bhima wanting to do
something different we wanted you to be
able to maintain eye contact we wanted
you to be able to keep staring at the
sunset and we wanted you to keep
watching the rock concert while still
letting you share so this is what
sharing on beam looks like there's no
staring at the phone you just hold it to
your chest and it records and then it's
posted that's it there's no preview
there's no review and there's never a
need to look at your phone if you want
to do a selfie you just stick it against
the wall talk to the phone now to
accomplish
we had to do some interesting things
mainly we use the proximity sensor as
our record button and this is what
viewing looks like on beam these are all
the people I follow these are all their
beams and if I want to watch one you
just hold down on the cell is my sister
once it's over the beams gone forever
everything you see you see for the first
time and you see for the last time and
if you want to send feedback there are
no thumbs up and there are no hearts if
you see something like you just move
your finger and send a real-time selfie
my mom's gonna be so mad at me
getting reactions is my favorite part of
the app there's just something so
satisfying about being able to see
people actually watching what you shared
being able to capture without being
forced to stare at your phone is one of
the most liberating interactions I've
done since getting this device you'll
find that we have nothing but the best
and most positive ambitions for this
platform if you look into Who I am
if you look into who my team is you'll
see that we're a collection of
individuals trying to do something
really positive trying to remove the
self-awareness and the self
consciousness from sharing on social
media
