what's happening regrets good life
that's great I know I don't want to hear
that one of them Bigelow the sheriff I
did that but I won't do you want to put
the mouse on the other side I want to
just look at that I want to look at like
the pricing and regions page for a
second make sure all this is saying okay
it's 327 in the morning on what's the
day today we are about to send beam live
on the App Store globally right
available wasn't all right click it it
is alive fly we're officially live in
the App Store
how's that feel that feels pretty good
today is a very very big day today's the
day that the clothes come off today's
the day I reveal every detail every
aspect I show you what beam is how it
works what the app looks like that's all
happening now on this vlog you see
social media it's supposed to be a
digital or virtual version of who we are
as people
instead it's this highly sculpted
calculated calibrated version of who we
are told through filters that make our
eyes bluer and carefully selected images
to portray a version of who we are
it doesn't really resemble the reality
of things my team and I we've spent the
last year plus building a new version of
social a new way to share one that we
feel bridges that uncanny valley real
life is here social media is here and
we're up here this is being all other
social apps when you want to share a
picture or video you go like this and
instead of seeing the world with your
eyes you're seeing it through your phone
or they work like this where I'm staring
at myself making sure I look a certain
way and then when I stop recording
like this where I'm staring at myself I
get to scrutinize myself that's just it
I'm not sharing the real me I'm sharing
a version of me with bean we wanted to
do something different we wanted you to
be able to maintain eye contact we
wanted you to be able to keep staring at
the sunset and we wanted you to keep
watching the rock concert while still
letting you share so this is what
sharing on beam looks like there's no
staring at the phone you just hold it to
your chest and it records and then it's
posted
that's it there's no preview there's no
review and there's never need to look at
your phone if you want to do a selfie
you just stick it against the wall talk
to the phone now to accomplish this we
had to do some interesting things mainly
we use the proximity sensor as our
record button and this is what viewing
looks like on beam these are all the
people I follow these are all their
beams and if I want to watch one you
just hold down on the cell is my sister
once it's over the beam is gone forever
everything you see you see for the first
time and you see for the last time and
if you want to send feedback there are
no thumbs-up and there are no hearts if
you see something you like you just move
your finger and send a real-time selfie
my mom's gonna be so mad at me getting
reactions is my favorite part of the app
there's just something so satisfying
about being able to see people actually
watching what you shared being able to
capture without being forced to stare at
your phone is one of the most liberating
interactions I've done since getting
this device you'll find that we have
nothing but the best and most positive
ambitions for this platform if you look
into Who I am
if you look into who my team is you'll
see that we're a collection of
individuals trying to do something
really positive trying to remove the
self-awareness and the
self-consciousness from sharing on
social media
so that's been I'm so psyched to finally
be able to share with you exactly what
it is what I've been working on what our
vision is for it
I'm really excited beam is in the Apple
App Store today
globally but I highly recommend you do
not download it today we have a new
version coming out next week that's much
more complete and buttoned up I wait
till then but I do want to talk about
how you get access to beam because after
you download it you're still not in
you're locked out you can reserve a
username but you don't get access to the
actual app where you can post and you
can view and we did that with good
purpose we did that with good reason a
social network is only ever as good as
the users on that social network and
beam in particular is a lot more fun
with friends so how it works is you need
to have an unlock code to unlock your
beam to unlock your app and anyone who's
in like me can unlock your app so what
I'm going to do is I'm going to give an
unlock code on this blog next week after
we launch the new version and you the
viewers will be the first to have access
and it'll be fun they'll be like mission
impossible with the password
self-destructs after an hour or
something so really only you the vlog
watchers will have that first access and
then you can invite your friends or
whoever you want and then a community
builds that way and typically when you
launch apps it's all about getting as
many downloads as possible but for us we
much more want to focus on actually
having people use the app that want to
use the app not like people who download
it and then never open it again that
doesn't that's not fun for the community
and that's why we have that unlock
mechanism there if you can unlock your
friend then both of you are in it and
you can share with one another and
that's just a lot more fun all right
there's a lot more to talk about with
being tomorrow's vlog is going to be
solely dedicated to like a beam QA where
we can like exhaust every question you
might have
alright I'm like sitting on our fire
escape right now which is a very
dangerous place to hang out and there
are some people down there ok going to
be a late night family came by to say hi
so I get a little lovin
before the night begins eighty likes
jewelry just like her mom okay bye you
to buy Fanny fun friend seems fun
Candace hi Bonnie
bye
yeah okay there we go
