see I give the bridge one have you
joined it before no I hate running in
groups look at that mess ha ha ha you
know when you're in like a steam room at
the gym or a sauna it's hard to breathe
that's what the air feels like today in
New York City it's like thick and we're
supposed to this big beam meetup today
we add a bunch of people to our beta
group but it's supposed to pour out this
afternoon so I'm not sure what impact
that's going to have on today's planned
activities was that thunder okay we have
color we have a bit of a situation right
now in that today we're doing the beam
meet up but it's like supposed to
there's a flash flood warning in effect
for New York City so we're trying to
come up with alternative locations like
indoor locations to do this big meetup
who came up with dollar pizza okay
David here I came up with renting out
the entire dollar pizza place which at
first were like that's crazy expensive
but the pizza is a dollar how much Pizza
could they possibly sell in an hour
you can tell it's coming right
question for you how much would we have
to pay you to shut down the whole store
for one hour for us come on that's crazy
there's no way you sell 2,000 slices of
pizza in an hour
500 so we want unlimited pizza - it's
gotta be fresh though gotten fresh that
fresh pizza okay good now I think we're
pretty close like a much seems like
pretty he's calling the boss right now
pretty good negotiation skills yeah I
was impressed I was really good good boy
four to five no one else in here except
for you guys what's your name I'm Casey
thank you all right Carlos Jackson to
come back with cash we'll see you at
4:00 he'll see you in five minutes
that was ridiculously easy I can't
believe it you should do that every day
on some of the better to go change
you like those negotiating skills really
I got the free drinks in the end yeah
you yeah you just needed something
you're like this one just something for
free just let me leave here with my
dignity whoa if that's not a sign from
the heavens that we can't do this meetup
outdoors okay I think we probably made
the right decision about taking the
meetup indoors also I'm about to go next
door to our rented out $1 pizza joint
for this meetup for beam so I just
wanted to explain what these meetups are
and why we're doing them the app is
launching very soon and I'll explain the
app in all its detail on this vlog
before we launch but before we get there
we need to know how it works and how
people use it and what people liked
about it and all that and we've been
doing all this internal testing for a
while and now we need like strangers
like the people who will ostensibly be
using this when we do launch how are
they going to use it and that's what
last week in Santa Monica was all about
and that's what today and the pizza
shops going to be all about but like we
found all these people on Twitter so you
never know what to expect when meeting
these guys okay it's go time and just
for the record I will not be eating any
one dollar pizza today these guys here
these are my bodyguards this is Colin
Colin
big bunches Colin's our iOS engineer
this is Adam here he's also an engineer
these people are pissed off the dollar
pizza's close whoa what's up guys how
much dollar pizza do you guys eating bye
guys thank you I feel like the Pied
Piper let's go hang out in the alley
Candice just candy yeah I've taken
everybody outside the pizza place though
a good idea I think like three and a
half Marlin your fan clubs here I'm
sorry kiamana yo man you're not ready
you're not right man going on guys you
are the most famous UPS delivery man i'm
planet earth Marlon bye guys
I'll see you guys later I'll see you
guys on being okay meetup is over big
success I think it went really well
there's some irony in the fact that it
didn't rain out there's some irony in
the fact that it didn't rain out we took
over the pizza place and then it was too
hot the pizza place and went back
outside
well well what do we have here I can see
you smiling on the monitor I do man oh
you're ready to see you JP I neglected
to mention that Louise here today hello
there's not much to it oh pretty good
right I just want a big boy that's right
we got one of those outside
okay do you have health insurance Louie
maybe oh really
yeah I'm trying to get up to window are
you coming out to right overboard to us
no way
alright let's go around back into the
alley
hi Lu whoa good luck buddy we have a
little bit of hoverboard mania going on
right now and we lost Louie it's not
quite as smooth and disabled but
you guys want to try you sure this is
fun this is real fun
just keep going moving on Sammy turn to
take I was having an incredibly
productive day now I'm just having an
incredibly fun day that's the problem
about hanging out with Louis Cole you
always forget what time it is gentlemen
good to see you you see I'll see you I
do I'll see you at VidCon yeah you
coming yeah I'll see you the time you
coming indeed see you there
see you guys later I love seeing those
guys all right see you later buddy
oh the creepy em come from
lives in my plan yeah uh clear tomorrow
morning today in the pizza shop was
incredibly exciting and like leaving the
office at 10 p.m. I'm reminded of one
thing and that is how incredible of a
team we've assembled that beam like
really just some of the most amazing
people it's a very exciting week for me
can I be in the vlog hi
