hey what's up I'm Katie oh yes Zach man
yeah yeah okay I got your picture
all right okay I'm tomorrow doc come on
Jabar impaired that's slow motion that's
not even yourself you can that's a
picture of Matt he's good-looking guy
though he is a good-looking guy all
right mmm hell yeah oh dear I really
like your shirt thank you Matt liked
yours too
that's weird nice to medium dude nice to
meet you as well take care of you so
much man okay how's it going back Zach
nice to meet you you got a photo me too
perfect
happy Bastille Day want to see something
crazy cute oh my god this is when
Francine was born look how little but
look it says poo
Candace's last name is pool pol and we
didn't name her for a couple days so her
name in the hospital was poo they only
allowed three letters P Oh Oh poo
alright why am i showing you all this
footage from when the baby was born
this was last December and of course
when Francine was born that was the most
important thing happening in my entire
life at the moment on today's vlog I
want to talk about the second most
important thing that was happening in my
life at the exact same time Frannie was
born
the only thing in life that stands
between you and everything you've ever
wanted to do is doing it on today's blog
being a history lesson a super short
history about how beam came to be I love
social media I owe like so much of my
career to social media I use every
social media platform out there but I've
always had like my own ideas about what
is needed in social media and about a
year and a half ago sharing those ideas
with like a mentor of mine I was
encouraged he encouraged me I realized
then that all that stood between me and
everything I've ever wanted to do in
life was doing it and that's when I
decided to start being um the first
thing I did was I needed money so I went
around and and asked everybody that I
could think of that might give me money
for money and I got a small amount of
money I wanted to start a technology
company but I'm not a technologist I
don't know how to do these things so I
set out on this mission to figure out
how and eventually I met Matt Matt is my
business partner knot is a visionary
Matt knows technology Matt ran
engineering at tumblr from when they
were this big until they're the Tumblr
you know today this guy knows how to
make things happen
Andy's a visionary shares these he
shares the big picture with me all right
Matt tell me why bean
it's the first thing since I left tumblr
that felt like it could be that big that
millions of people would actually get
love and get obsessed with in the same
way for like six months it was just the
two of us trying to figure out what beam
is how to do this like big ambitious
idea that we have how do we realize this
and at the end of those six months we
built like it brought an app it just
sort of looks like an app on your phone
and that's when we needed more money and
this workout really scary like really
scary have you ever asked anybody for
money the last time I asked someone for
money was like freshman year in high
school asking my dad for extra lunch
money so I could buy a dumb feed after
class asking for money is scary and we
needed a lot of money so I leaned out
all the influential people I know to set
me up with meetings with the kinds of
people that can write big fat checks for
entrepreneurs like me that want to start
a company
they're called venture capitalists now
I'm going to look up on Wikipedia what a
venture capitalist is so I can explain
it to you is financial capital provided
to early-stage high potential growth
startup companies just getting a meeting
with these VCS was tricky then you have
to sit down in front of them and you
have to tell them your idea and then you
ask them for an insane amount of money
it's a little bit like going up to like
the best looking person in your entire
high school and asking them to prom and
invariably they're going to say no I'm
not going to go to prom with you some of
them said why don't you go to prom alone
this year and if your prom king I'll go
with you next year but most of them just
said no and when someone says no to you
it like it rattles your confidence it
really like gets into your head and we
were doing meeting after meeting after
meeting after meeting and while all of
this was taking place Candice was nine
months pregnant in Houston Texas she was
like ready to pop
then on our second trip out there
finally got like some actual like
tangible interest people that that
wanted to invest or sort of wanted to
invest that morning 7 a.m.
Candace calls me nothing's hurting badly
yet so coming up check it this is like
two weeks early the doctor gave us
assurances there was no chance she was
gonna go into labor I just hope she
waits for me
NAT and I are racing to the airport we
had to cancel all of our important
venture capitalist meetings I flew to
Texas we had the baby everything was
perfect
here's a great little video I made about
going to have the baby but the deal
didn't close and Candace and I were in
the hospital with Francine when she was
born for five days and I never left the
hospital for those five days I stayed
with her but I commandeered the nurses
break room which was right next to
Candace's hospital room and I literally
spend every moment that Candace was
asleep in that nurses room with this
notepad on my phone like this trying to
make the deal happen and in the end
Francine was perfectly healthy and we
left the hospital with our lovely new
beautiful healthy baby girl and in the
end Matt and I closed on over two
million dollars in funding for beam
get headed home now
you're responsible if I can't answer a
cancer I did hey are we going out to
dinner yeah I don't know are you gonna
put clothes on or you just gonna wear
your underwear
Candice was completely naked when I came
home in her when I asked her why she
said she was hot
we have an air conditioner you just
turned it on I was fully clothed in that
department hi baby girl who's outside
they're having so much fun in the Sun
okay Candice and I are out having dinner
I just realized I didn't do Q&A today
I'm sorry
which question Haley asks how do you
find time to vlog and run a business
I don't sleep can you do a wheelie on
your bicycle or Vespa bicycle yes Vespa
no better question I'm a 17 year old
filmmaker how do I get started in
advertising you have to make really
great work and then they will come to
you I mean that why do you always use
your hands
one two three
I thought you're gonna be helpful what
is the meaning have you ever been to
Europe
what's your diet like what's my diary
junk food are healthy nothing in between
junk food are healthy nothing in between
what's the best part about living in New
York City 24/7 24/7 do you get irritated
when young viewers stop me in the street
no it's always nice how big do you see
Dean becoming I don't know
that's cute what was your first thought
that came into your mind with reading
my first thought that came into my mind
when Frannie was born sheer terror I
think it is the scariest thing you will
ever do Shawn will you ever retire I've
been asked that question before
retirement is something that I have no
interest in I don't even need I know I
love work so much work his life how
would you knowledge do you do with you
retire okay I hope that was a suitable
um QA for this week obviously it's a
little bit more distracted than the
usual QA you kind of we try to have a
lot going on here okay more Kuna next
week
what
you
