Thank You technical here you go back
there you take care have a good day
thank you guys
oh yeah Tribeca it's ten after 7:00 in
the morning I'm just getting home
did you miss me did you did you have fun
mommy you did
what you guys do Nora Starbucks
but even the whites fry
Broadway seems to be shut down yes like
a king
why'd you shut down why is he step down
Sasha buckets if you won the World Cup
hear me
like to see the team miss these guys
like my family actually spent more time
with them than I do my family speaking
that team did you see the parade and no
I got it before so I definitely missed
it
it's Friday which means it's pizza party
time at beam HQ I don't know who is in
charge of ordering pizza this week but
this is ridiculous
Allie there are two pizzas per person
what happened here so much pizza my
mother
despite all her myriad shortcomings
raised us kids to be very grateful for
all the presents were given that said I
think maybe I might have to kill mail
time because it's out of control and I
don't have anywhere to put all this
stuff that everybody keeps sending me
it's not that I don't appreciate it I
just this I've been gone for three days
what am I supposed to do with all this
stuff honestly I don't have time to open
this stuff I'm gonna do mail time now
but just take it easy with the amount of
stuff you guys send me but thank you but
take it eat Francine loves books thank
you look at these bike wheels they say
my name and address on them that's kind
of awesome thanks Garrett for the next
time I traveled to France a book of
french idioms thanks are shod thanks
whoever sent me ladder golf I don't know
what let her go check these batteries
powered by salt water for the poodle
thank you thank you for this rather
impersonal note sweet iPhone cases whoa
mail time proper this is proper Thank
You Casey my fiance and I love your blog
this candy smells delicious this stuff
looks expensive Thank You Avery on the
team at film tools that was four days
ago you know I always get scared opening
these things that there's gonna be a
human head inside of one of these boxes
hasn't happened yet the latest and
greatest la la thanks GoPro you guys
always hook it up mail time thanks for
the stickers Travis these are cool this
box was beautifully prepared this is not
a sticker this is a homemade American
flag and it's impenetrable oh and me
baby
Candace hmm Japanese snacks
smells like Tokyo I hope I'm the first
Japanese fan to send gifts you Hiromi
thank you so much I love the box and the
candy I didn't mean to be so threatening
with the knife she lovely bouquet Josh
and Mandy thank you for the custom
wooden bow tie thanks for the note sorry
I cut it in half thanks for the candy
mmm chocolate colour oil
they only told I don't never sent this
to me I also don't know what Leon fought
we talked means for the baby
drone slightly smaller drone much much
smaller drone thanks guys
I've always wanted three drones this is
awesome
well whoever sent me this knows me
pretty well
what is that it's me
thanks David that's a nice painting I'll
put it in the bedroom right above where
Candace sleeps that's kind of amazing
okay this concludes mail time I will now
spend the rest of my day cleaning this
mess up thank you everyone who sent me
gifts
