so this way it's very heavy you want
hold it oh my god right you got to be
strong morning um since being in Los
Angeles I haven't had one night where
I've slept more than like three or four
hours because by the time I'm done with
all my socializing and whatnot it's like
midnight and then I start the vlog which
I don't finish to like four or five and
then I wake up at 8 today is no
different and I really want to go back
to bed right now but I have this deal
with myself that whenever I'm out here
no matter what I go for a run these
stairs smell like pee
Rose this is one of my favorite places
in Santa Monica beach it's like an adult
jungle gym so you have like these
pull-up bars and all this stuff and then
over here you have these crazy rings
that these muscle dudes like swing from
but my favorite my favorite are these
it's so hard
you got a really commit your clothes you
talk good I'm using my shoe as a tripod
so far apart they're made to Venice I
have to turn around here I really wanted
to go further but I'm out of time I
wasted all my time on those at the
jungle gym okay I'm gonna turn around
now
okay that's it
good run I'm actually meeting someone
will I be right now I don't know fellow
youtuber who lives here in Santa Monica
and I'm psyched to me good to see a man
all right what are we going just going
to find something to eat here thanks for
bringing skateboards what did i order
hmm please special ah seriously oh it
does burn okay that's lunch how was it
it was very good I feel like a new
person you do realize that you got the
most expensive thing on the menu
I know and then Casey was like yeah I'm
gonna faint I was like no you're gonna
fake and I realized how much your lunch
was I would have not hated you I would
have not paid for my lunch either I'm
doing something now that I'm a little
bit nervous about Luther's going to come
with me but yesterday I tweeted that I
wanted 20 people to meet up with me here
in Santa Monica and I'm going to put
those people those 20 people on beam on
my new company on our new app they're
going to be like our first kind of
public beta testers now I'm just like
meeting these kids in a park so I have
no idea what to expect no idea what's
going to happen now I'm bringing this
poor guy who I met 20 minutes ago
I expect it to be like The Hunger Games
I'm hoping this is nothing like the
Hunger Games
did you just say yeah of course I did
you just paid my steak I have to fake
your barking it I'll get the steaks you
get the parking yeah fair enough
we are going into the park now
expectations you know what somewhat I
think that you're doing so many things
in so many different ways that this has
to work
what I mean god I hope you're right yeah
and spot the crew over there they're
waving one of the goals for today's keep
it really small I'm hoping there's just
a couple people here a little nervous
more people showed up then we're
supposed to but we'll find out shortly
hey guys are you guys excited what I
mean I would really regret if I didn't
get that if I could be on your blog I'd
love to put you on the blog but paving
the block and univox like in a log
Chickie's the whole thing in a lot but
thank you I just wanna say thank you to
everyone for coming out today it really
meant a lot I'm really excited for a
beam really excited you know people
making fun of me on the vlog it's gonna
become a thing is that me - no that's me
that's me okay do you put it there goes
the last of our Meetup I think it was
pretty successful what do you think yeah
this is a myth by the way he's with us
getting away well yeah they look like
you what they were doing there's like a
smart group of people anyways that's it
that's like beam is now in the wild with
those 23 people how's it feel they want
the baby it's a little bit like dropping
your kid off at school for the first
time I don't know see yeah there's
nothing I can do now that was a really
big deal for me that was the culmination
of like a year and a half worth of work
for me and the entire team also the
music you're hearing right now is not
the sound bet for what I'm saying
it's just like that speaker right then
but I'm super like anxious nervous right
now
I don't know that's communicating this
is Lana you are gonna be a lotta joined
us for lunch dinner linor Leonard dunge
okay let's hear it the skateboards and
then I gotta go to the airport you need
to get to the airport I gotta fly
in time did I take up two parking spots
or is it's not a parking spot I know I
think I hear this right now but we ran
out of quarters and what because it's
not expired meter all right yeah we took
two all at lunch this is the fifth
ticket I've gotten Cadillac you can
definitely invoice me for all these
parking tickets thank you again for the
car really sorry about the tickets
Thank You officer uh-huh dude thank you
there's the airport just about at LAX I
didn't realize how late it was
there's no threat of me missing my
flight but there's a very real threat
that I might not be able to take a
shower in the airport which is pretty
much my favorite thing to do there is
Tom himself mr. Cal act yo thanks for
the car how'd it work out great man lax
is like one of two airports in the
country that has like a secret bat cave
entrance and actually is outside of the
terminal
is she
mr. lesser nice chat thank you again
go I'll see you later Tom All Right see
ya geez thank you thank you made it for
security no problem
next stop airport shower do you have um
showers we do shower done I'm clean
ready for the flight down we put jobless
on to try these things out
second we've got to find out
