you get drawn ready Oh ready set go
instigator troublemaker its morning time
in Los Angeles this is what we're
working with out here kind of a gloomy
situation dense fog low visibility
swimming pool I'm here in LA for work
I'm supposed to be here for two days
that could get extended but for now I'm
supposed to be on a plane out tomorrow
what this is the problem with traveling
with Jerome Jarre no matter where he
goes he's hounded by teenage girls
everybody knows that
Kofi it's poverty have in my life never
seen someone drink through in the back
of the tip the cookie that you do is
that you drink up in hip whitetip okay
Jerome and I have a meeting in 46
minutes so I'm going to use this next 46
minutes for a special Los Angeles
edition of Q&A
okay Q&A time special Los Angeles
edition I'm sitting somewhere at some
restaurant where we bought food just so
I could sit here and record a QA let's
get started mr. Nick Brock you asked
when are you gonna reveal the new
company how about right now
okay very happy to announce the name of
the new company is beam
henceforth I will no longer refer to the
new company as the new company I'll only
refer to it as beam ok a little
explanation the reason why I haven't
been able to tell you the name of the
company is because we've been like
fighting and fighting to get the URL the
web address beam comm which we got but I
couldn't say the name of the company
until we had it because there's a lot of
jerks out there that might try to buy
the URL out from under us and like and
that would cause a whole bunch of
headaches for us so thank you for your
patience I apologize for taking so long
I hope it makes sense that I had to get
the web address before I could say the
name beam beans the name of the company
I'm going to say beam as much as humanly
possible so beam sticks because new
company really stuck and I have to
change that habit also we were trying to
get the Twitter handle beam app which we
got so now we have beam com
we have beam app on Twitter we're good
more very very soon about beam
beam okay next question how do you start
to be a filmmaker you just start there's
no process you just start and it takes a
long time to learn but really the only
way to get there is just start it's like
anything else you want to learn how to
play basketball you pick up the ball you
want to be a filmmaker you just pick up
whatever camera you have probably your
phone and just start overthinking the
process will kill any career in the
creative space you just have to do not
think do you budget your money Elena I'm
really embarrassed to say that I'm
terrible absolutely terrible with money
I'm not proud of that and I'm working
hard to get more responsible especially
with like Owen going to college next
year
I've been saving for a decade for his
college fund and it's still not going to
be anywhere near enough I want to be
better with money
mmm coconuts yeah I'll take one of those
coconuts
she asks how did you become so handy
idea I grew up in a house with four kids
two parents everything was always broken
so if you wanted anything to work you
first had to fix it and growing up in an
environment like that you're forced to
be handy I love hanging on to the craft
of making things Kyle asks what are your
motivations to get up in the morning I
don't know I'm always in a crazy rush to
get my day started laying in bed is
stagnation it's like I'm not I'm not
doing anything so there's always a real
urgency for me to get up get out and
start the day what's your best advice
for young relationships
Chadd asks when the app is launched what
comes next
I mean what comes next is actually
building out the company launching the
app launching beam is just crossing the
starting line not the finish line it's
like if I can equate it to running
because I'm a big runner a big
marathoner it's like building this thing
has been training for the marathon and
when we launch it's when the starter
pistol goes off and you start but that
still means you have the longest hardest
most challenging run ahead of you that
could last who knows how long okay I'm
gonna stop right there because drums
back thank you as always for your
questions more Q&A next week I'm just
finishing up another overprice super
healthy meal that looked like this I was
launched from delicious and have house
Elan fruity and completely free drinks
one two three thank you sir I don't know
how I can screw up my vlog two days in a
row but I screwed up my vlog two days in
a row so all of the rest of the footage
for today's vlog so all of this the
microphone was off four so see all these
bumpy lines here that's audio then
there's no audio none which really sucks
so here let me just show you what
happened drove and I got lost in an
apartment building which was a little
bit stressful then we got trapped in an
elevator then we got trapped in another
elevator then we called for help
which didn't really work out and then we
went to a friend's house and they went
up for dinner and Marcus took us through
it like salads or something but they
took forever to cook although I didn't
think it he cook salads and then we
cross the street here open music to this
and then we said goodbye I probably said
like I'll see you later and then that
was kind of it so I was explaining to
Jerome earlier today how yesterday I
accidentally deleted all my footage and
normally that would have been like the
death sentence for a movie but because
I've obliged myself to posting every day
I forced myself to finish that video by
using like titles and whatever I had to
do to get through it and this is like
another example like it's 5:15 in the
a.m. and all I want to do is like go to
bed right now but I'm committed to
posting every day therefore I have to
figure out some way to salvage this vlog
and post it I have to finish what I've
started so now this vlog is like about
like determination and commitment I will
finish this vlog it just probably won't
be very good and for that I apologize
