hey baby like explosions yeah get on
there's two
Friday morning no work today because of
the holiday whole are doing an early
SoulCycle class Candice and I had a late
night out drinking last night because we
had owned a babysit so it will be a
miracle if I make it through this class
without throwing up all over the person
in front of me how do you feel
we were the tired and I'm gonna call her
this morning this is gonna be rough new
class how is the class quick
post-workout break for some overpriced
juice and smoothies how's it coming
yeah that's me
that's me you're making my smoothie
thank you what's your name Vanessa nice
to meet you hi guys okay I'm going I'll
see you there alright see you there
see you there alright I'm on a special
reconnaissance mission right now Penn
Station please but let me explain you
what's going on here we are taking the
train to Connecticut for July 4th
weekend because we don't want to drive
the baby anymore
but Penn Station is the worst place in
New York City on a good day on its worst
day which is literally today it's going
to be a nightmare so I'm going before
the rest of the family to do a little
recon and get things set up I then
communicate the details to owning
Candace and Francine then they're going
to have a nice smooth in because I will
have paved the way what's up hey hey
baby like hi Casey we were talking about
your vlogs this morning
there's a little bit of a hack here
where you watch the arrivals not the
departures you figure out what track
your trains on early and then you go
down the exit here to be the first one
on the frame
it's highly discouraged by the folks
here but it works okay I got a
four-seater for the family and ask
something to move but feel good about it
I think we're good here yeah well down
to the other one
this is her first fragrance reverse
train ride
granny are you ready to get off right
here yeah let's go to lunch their
students will get out it's been two and
a half hours we're just now arriving in
London Connecticut
are you excited to get off the train are
you so excited to get off the train a
little girl been in London for about ten
minutes and we're back at Scott's
lobster dock four more lobster
sandwiches hey hey oh thank you thank
you this is I come to gloves you're not
wait 20 minutes line just because
they're so loud looks like Francine made
a friend
I think I get every meal there three
three meals a day seven days a week 365
days a year
are we finally there Francine I'll
install this but look how freaked out
the baby on the box looks look at that
baby's face how that mom does have a
great set it you are a pervert Candace
you have to throw the shoe attached to
the rope hey kids fine it's the only way
you're gonna get it over the branch 100
bucks says he misses it 100 bucks is
eNOS is it if we were playing past I
would get a great shot okay baby that's
nuts all right baby
baby's first time in the swing are you
ready are you ready hi guys
bye guys good bye so much Felix bye bye
bill our butt
there are fireworks happening tonight a
lot of people in town we're going to to
catch them right now the Vespa means we
don't have to wait for parking I don't
think the fireworks that started yet but
we are missing the laser light show
doesn't mean I can carry with the park
next another super happy but if I were
thrower
you know they miss Saugus
