yeah it's 100 and I saw it how many of
them you started right can of them Hey
yes of the nicest serve for 100 case
you're the best friend congratulations
man all right thank you Marlon thank you
Passover is going to bed wish another
100 more episode man
you
love it okay I think we kind of got
messed up under a vlog and via query but
yeah I think it melted
just so you know that little intro
sequence there I both flooded my
downstairs neighbor that was an accident
and I also filled up the entire hallway
of this building with smoke also an
accident alright let's get serious if
you reflect back to 100 blogs ago
starting today I'm going to make a movie
every day for a while anyways but until
I get forward my personal goals with
this were to like make a bunch of new
content challenge myself bring attention
to the new company and I feel like I've
accomplished everything I set out to do
with the vlog and a hundred just feels
like such a good round number to call it
so I want to announce on this hundredth
log that today will not be my last vlog
and I'm just gonna keep going did that
kind of freak you out a little bit like
I was going to stop I can't stop
vlogging I'm like just getting into it
okay now seriously back to the blog ah
yeah anyways 100 this is vlog 100 and I
wanted to do something amazing on vlog
100 which I already did that title
sequence is the only amazingness that's
going to take place visually in this
vlog
so if you tune in for fireworks and
stuff that's it you can stop watching
right now for those of you want to hang
in there I really want to talk about
something that is like deeply majorly
important to me on today's vlog 500th
blog spectacular will consist of me
sitting here talking to the camera about
ideas not doing anything extraordinary
my apologies what I want to talk about
today is the power of creation or what
can actually be accomplished if and when
you make things and I do want to throw a
caveat out there that these ideas that
I'm talking about this idea specifically
that I'm going to do like a drawing
around it's not uniquely mine this is an
idea that developed with my professor at
MIT a brilliant brilliant man and it's
something that I've been sitting on for
a while and then I've been really
anxious to share and this seemed like a
great time for it the power of
creativity really falls into three
categories three tiers if you will let's
get into the creation hierarchy the
creation hierarchy is an upside-down
triangle so let's talk about one let's
talk about here and this is to create to
create it to make something make
anything it's much harder than it sounds
most people stop just before the process
where they make something where they
actually create something this here this
is like the first movie that I have
actual record of that I made that baby
is Owen and I probably made this movie
15 and a half years ago and it's
terrible it's cute but it's terrible but
I did it I made it and it's the doing
that's the most important part
now to take that idea of making
something to another level this my HBO
show look at that guy that show we just
made my brother and I and the guy that
we worked with tomato just made it a
Pheo never hired us we just made it we
just created that's creating that's step
one it reaches the least amount of
people it's the easiest to do but it's
the most important because it's the
first step let's get into step two tier
two is when you're creation what do you
make inspires and motivates others to
create it's to make work that other
people see in it it compels them to make
work of their own it's the people that
came like that I looked up to when I was
younger like the Spike Jonze and the
Michelle Gondry's and the Verner
Hertzog's I would look up to them and
I'd be like I want to make work like
that and the reason why that's tier two
is because that is incredibly powerful
that's because for those people the
people that inspired and motivated me
they make one movie and it can like move
an entire generation there one creation
can affect an entire group of people to
create that is huge and this just leaves
the third tier the final tier and the
final tier lives up here because is by
far the hardest to accomplish but it's
the most powerful because it can affect
everyone it can affect the most amount
of people
then that third tier is to create a tool
that empowers others to create let me
explain the only formal Film School like
education I've ever had was using the
iMovie one tutorial I think that that
was the seed that was planted that has
since grown to this gigantic monster of
a tree that is my career without the
geniuses at Apple to build that software
and to have made the computer that
enabled me to learn how to edit I
wouldn't have liked I wouldn't have the
career that I have today
they built a tool that empowered me to
create that is HUGE
that's gigantic that's why that's why
that's the top at the top of the
creation hierarchy the thing that
affects the most people that is the
hardest thing to do now I know there was
a lot of speculation online that I would
reveal all the details of my new company
on today's vlog and let me just be clear
I can't and I'm not going to but I want
to talk about it in sort of abstract
terms and by the way I'm not withholding
information about the new company for
any other reason than there's these
really stupid pain in my ass
bull nonsense up bull things that I'm
currently dealing with and working on
overcoming so I can broadly announce all
the specifics around it believe me when
I say I had intended on on sharing every
aspect of it with you the audience weeks
and weeks ago and they're just these
things preventing me from doing so okay
now that I got that off my chest this
thing is my attempt to do my very best
to accomplish this to create a tool that
empowers others to create and whether
it's going to work whether it's going to
be used I don't know what else going to
tell you about about the new company
well I can tell you what it's not
because I've been reading all your
comments and all these like all you
geniuses that know all the facts you're
wrong it is not and I want to be
unequivocal
here it is not a vlogging app did you
hear that it is not a vlogging app in
fact if you're a vlogger or a filmmaker
you probably won't even like it who it's
for is everyone else it's for people who
have ever wanted to share but couldn't
figure it out and and what this thing
does that we've been working the last
year and a half on this incredible team
we're trying to build something for
everyone not for people that consider
themselves creators because that would
be very limited this is for this is for
everyone
my hope for it is that it becomes a
really powerful tool that that people
want to use my ambitions behind this
thing are greater than anything that
I've ever committed myself to okay that
is my creation hierarchy stick I hope
you enjoyed it
there will be more vlogs in the future
and they'll be serious ones like this
where I get all like amped up about
something that I believe in and they'll
be plenty of silly blogs where I like
make fun of one direction for all you
teeny boppers and they'll be fun other
blogs where I like hanging out Candice
for all the ladies that comment below
about how cool she is she is pretty cool
and they'll be plenty of Owen because
he's cool and he's handsome and they'll
be plenty of Francine because that is
like the crutch of this vlog when I
think I'm failing
I put Francine in and she saves the vlog
and hang in there all the details around
the new company will be revealed very
very soon and
thanks for 100
